3	They have an extensive selection of jewelry including more vintage pieces as well as more current selections. There are also pieces of art, guns, guitars, and numerous other pieces of value. The location was a bit more intimate than I anticipated, but the confined space and number of customers worked to slow my movements and therefore allowed me to really appreciate the quality of the merchandise. I couldn't resist picking up a store shirt as well, and I left with a comfy black number with blue and gold script.
5	Met Chum A++++++Wife took pictures with CHUM A++++++Friendly place, ya to be honest a pawn shop was chill.  Price on a ring i bought, 20$ for black hills gold, who cares if i under paid or over paid the place was fun...  Now on TV this place is huge, in person very tight to move around in.  Saw the super bowl rings, the death clock and other items that i saw on tv.  Cool place to visit when I go back to Vegas. D
5	Love the show Pawn Stars...!  Love Chum and love Old Man!  Lucky me... I got to meet and take a picture with Old Man.  He's exactly the same in person as he is on the show...  pure awesome-ness!  Old Man was chillin' in the restored barber chair, talking to fans and answering questions... we learned some interesting bits of how the show initially got pitched and started. Everyone was surprisingly super nice and friendly (even the bouncer)!  There was a line when we got there, but we got inside within 5 mins.  If you're a fan of the show, I highly recommend a visit, you won't be disappointed! As for the store, they have some really nice stuff - definitely a high end pawn shop.  They have lots of really nice jewelry that I'll have to go back to next time I win the big bucks.
5	Went there last week. Bought stuff from Rick and The Old Man. I almost cried. I've never interacted with people from one of my favorite TV shows... I was in TV geek heaven. It was like being at the Club Babalu. (yeah, I know I'm dating myself..)Free autographed picture when you walk in...
5	Came here to visit the Pawn Shop around 7pm-ish in hopes of seeing the pawn shop, the Hubby and I were dissapointed to see that they had closed the shop due to film the show "Pawn Stars". The good news was that we were able to see through the glass door and see them filming and spotted Rick... the door guy wasn't very happy with the crowd of people outside waiting for the store to re-open because of everyone being so noisy while they were filming. So we decided to leave and head to the Fremont Street Experience instead and stop back by after that. We came back later that night... and they decided to just close the store and re-open at 9am the next morning... I thought it was a 24 hour pawn shop? Apparently, the drop off is part of the 24 hour.... ahhh, who would have thought?We came back around 10am the following morning, and we were able to meet Chum-Lee and saw Old Man. Everyone at the shop was really nice, and were very friendly and helpful. The pawn shop itself sells a lot of jewelry and coins, but they also have a lot of unique items as well. The shop is a lot smaller than I had thought, it looks a lot bigger on TV, maybe it's because there was so many people in the store that day? There is a souvenir section towards the back of the store which I thought was pretty cool, they even sell the Season 1 of "Pawn Stars" on DVD!
3	This is a review for the actual shop, which is the purpose of this site. This is NOT a review for Pawn Stars. All right, let's not kid ourselves - this place has become extremely popular due to the store's being featured on TV. That's what prompted me to visit the store. And I have to say, going here was an interesting experience, but you shouldn't over-expect.First and foremost, if you're just coming here to see the guys from the show, don't get your hopes up. They have had to hire a wide variety of "no name" staff to help out with the ridiculous increase in business they have received. Don't expect to see anyone from the show here. I've been in the store 4 times now, and the only "main character sightings" I've had were spotting Corey AKA Big Hoss in a back office (who promptly closed the door when he saw me looking at him) and Chumlee standing out front, having his picture taken with people (though disappointingly, he had disappeared back into the store by the time I got outside, and I wasn't able to get my pic with him.) Additionally, to get in the store, often times you have to wait in a line outside. Not something this boy desires to do, particularly on hit Vegas summer days. Furthermore, if you're planning on taking some pictures in here, don't even think about it. The security guard is particularly overzealous and does not allow it. He won't even let you NEAR the area where people pawn stuff!The big problem is the clutter inside the store. Due to the overflow of customers due to the place's popularity, it is VERY hard to move around inside the store! You won't go 5 seconds without bumping into another customer. Seriously, this place needs to be expanded. On TV, it looks bigger thanks to wide-angle lenses. And then comes the misleading ad outside the store - "open 24 hours." This ONLY refers to the pawning of merchandise, and even that is iffy. The showroom itself is only open from about 8:30AM to 8:30PM. And sometimes they are randomly closed to film the show. There is a LOT of interesting stuff in here (including some good-priced Blu-Ray movies), but most of it is high-end collectors stuff - not the sort of typical merchandise you go into a pawn shop for. This is as much a collectors/antiques store as it is a pawn shop.Long story short, it's a fun place to visit for obvious reasons. But the overcrowding ruins the experience. They seriously need to expand their showroom, and fast. When I can't move around without bumping someone around me, that's not only annoying, it's also a safety issue. Go if you're curious or a fan of the show, but don't expect too much, and don't expect to see your beloved TV heroes around.
5	funny store.hilarious show, that.watching the shop owner use such "beguiling" tricks as "how the hell am i gonna sell that?   300 dollars"... is freakin' hilarious.(LV resident walks in, holding mounted fish head)  pshop owner: "pawn or sell?"LV res:  "sell!"   (it's no secret that no one ever pawns...except to buy the occasional they're buying engagement rings)pshop owner:  "how much?"LV res:  "my great grandmamammy says this rare Trout fishead is the last remaining artifact from the belgian/indonesian war in 1702... i won't take a penny less than $3000"pshop owner:   "i dunno...there was a great famine in the belgian seas in April 1701... as a result, the trout community sustained massive setbacks in the ability to successfully procreate and produce strong offspring...... i'll give you $75"love that show!
4	Visited during Thanksgiving holiday. I just wanted to see what's like in the shop since I'm in town for the holiday. got many old stuffs in the store... the jewelry and watches were priced high. I guess you need to have good bargining skill.
4	I am writing this review when I visited the pawn shop before it became a TV show. Like my other review on the other pawn shop I was looking for a ring for my wife. So we walk in I was kind of thrown off by the security guard at the door then I realized this place is very safe and don't try anything funny. Walking around the pawn shop it's part museum part regular pawn shop. I was in awe at the super bowl ring and on top of that I loved the sign they have next to it "DON'T"T ASK TO TRY ON THE RING" Also I saw Olympic medals just loved it. The sad part was my wife did not find a ring she liked. I really want to go back see if the shop has changed for the better or the worse since it has become famous. Also I plan to buy something next time I go if not I will just buy a shirt I knew they have big sizes cause Chum and Corey are big guys themselves.
5	We came to Gold & Silver Pawn pretty much as tourists since we're fans of the show. If they are tired of spectators, they don't show it. Chum Lee was there. He was super cool along with everyone in the store who made a point to chat with us and make us feel welcome. We bought this great t-shirt with Chum Lee on it in a viking hat (I think it's officially my boyfriends favorite t-shirt). They even gave us a signed photograph and took a picture with us. Although I know this review isn't as a buyer of old treasures, I think their friendliness to non-buyers is worth noting and will take them a long way in their business beyond the tv show. And if I ever need a two hundred year old coin or a superbowl ring I know who to go to.
5	Five Stars because I love Pawn Stars.  Downside - the line was too long and the weather too hot.   I didn't make it inside, but I also wasn't really in the market to sell or buy a collectible.  The pictures I got outside were cool.  They will give me some bragging leverage with my fellow Pawn Stars veiwers. I suggest going between 9:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m. to avoid the line, but don't go after 10:00 p.m..  Despite the fact that that sign says "Open 24 Hours", it idin't open 24 hours in a row anyway.  Also, I went on a Friday, so maybe try a Monday - Thrusday for a lesser line.Yet and still, 5 stars - woo woo.Sixton - Out
1	I took my parents while they were visiting Las Vegas.  Major diappointment.  The place was more of a gift shop than a pawn shop.  The guys on the show were apparently there but refused to come out to even say hello.  We were told that if we wanted pictures of them to buy a t-shirt.  Staff was rude and this place was a joke.  Ill never step foot in there again.  Dont waste your time.
2	Let me start by saying that i have NEVER seen the show attached to this place. I can only go by what hubby and Lauren's boyfriend told me and it sounds like it's an intersting show . . . as far as Pawn Shop shows go I suppose. BUT . . the parking alone makes it a 2 star in my book, then inside, the prices are rather high for pawn shop fare. There was quite a wide variety of items in the store i will give them that and plenty of workers to help the LARGE amount of people there. The hubby & I have checked out our share of pawn shops in VEGAS and other areas too but this one  . . . meh, as Jessica would say.
2	It's a crappy tourist trap now.  Everything is over priced for a pawn shop. Other than jewelry, there wasnt much inventory to speak of.  The only things that were flying out the door were t shirts and refrigerator magnets. Stay away from their parking lot and stick with the metered street parking.Go just to say you went...then go to Luv-It for a custard and make the trek worth your time.
4	So, I went here on a trip to Vegas, because, well, the shop is on the TV show pawn stars.  Had to go.Had to wait in line for 10 or 15 minutes to get in, no big deal.  The door guy was cool, screwing around with everyone, said they are the only pawn shop in the country with a velvet rope and a line to get in.  He joked around with everyone waiting in line because no one likes to wait.  He gets a point for the shop.  The guy with the ponytail deserves a raise.The pawn shop itself was a bit of a disappointment.  Not that I was really planning on buying anything, I was in Vegas and lost my ass at the tables the night before.  Inventory was pretty weak and seemed like what was for sale was pretty high end and was a bit over priced.  No one inside gave us any pressure to buy anything though, that was a huge plus.  Although the Jim Morrison painting you see in every episode is not for sale.  Weak.  Seemed like the best sellers they have are the pawn stars merchandise in the back.  All I wanted was a Rick magnet, and that was the only one they were sold out of.  Figures.  No sale.Didn't get to see any of the staff that is on TV in the store here but I didn't expect to.  I bet those guys spend their days by the pool drinking beer cashed in on the TV show.  I hope so.  God bless the American dream.Here is the best part about this place.  When I was leaving, there was a cab driver leaning against a customers car.  A guy that works at the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop (the guy proudly displaying his handgun holstered), points at the cab, yells at the cab driver "Is this your cab?"  Cab driver says "Yes."  Pawn guy yells at him "Then quit leaning against that fucking car!"  Any business that looks after their customers shit like that says something good about the place.  Awesome!!!  If you have watched this show even once and have a free hour to kill in Vegas, go check this place out.  Take a picture outside of the place to show your buddies.  It won't change your life, but a cool tourist trap.
2	I want my faulty mystique back.Perhaps my simple optimism for this place should have had a lower bar set. It was tiny, there wasn't a lot of inventory and what was there was insanely expensive. There were moments of cool when I recognized something from the show. I didn't expect to see any of the familiar cast but what an opportunity they're missing out on by not being there. The amount of visitors who visit the hole in the wall has gone up exponentially because of the show - you'd think they might have more/better merchandise or someone there to sign something (even at $5 an autograph, I'd probably do it).  And what they did have for memorabilia, they were out of a lot of sizes and things weren't labeled clearly...it was a mess.From the store perspective, it is a pawn shop. Nothing too wild there, but how much cooler would it have been if there was more stuff worth buying. They make some more money, I say I bought x at the shop and everyone's happy. Meh. Like the bellhop and the taxi driver said - "you're going to be disappointed."
3	Took my sister here when she visited from MI. She was thrilled she got pix with Corey. They were all very nice and we were the only people really in there. It was late about 10:30pm.Not the best pawn shop for sure but its another free spot to take out of towners if they like the show.
3	Not the best pawn shop pretty expensive, but took my family there on the weekends and the cast is not in.  So if you want to see all the cast from the show don't go on the weekends there off..
4	So this is the famous Pawn Stars Pawn Shop.  If you keep in mind that it's *still* a pawn shop, you will be okay that it's not super nice inside.  It's a pawn shop people, not a department store.They had quite a few of the items that have been featured on an episode displayed - with signage saying it was on a certain episode of Pawn Stars.  But a lot of the other stuff they were actually selling were pretty cool. Obviously now that people know where this place is and are coming by en mass, they have set up a self filled with autographed memorabilia from the cast.  You want a mug with Chumley's mug and autograph on it - they have it for sale.We got kicked out after being in the store for about 10 mins since they were going to film a segment.  The boys were no where to be found - and I'm starting to think that they avoid being in the store.  I can only imagine the craziness that would ensue when they are actually there.  I'm sure the majority of people coming to the store now aren't there to buy anything, but just to see them.
1	By far the biggest disappointment of our trip to Vegas.1. The place is far away from the strip casinos. It will be a $12-$20 cab ride each way. When you get there, you should consider having the cabbie come back for you later, because it can be quite difficult to get a cab from this area. Or, if you are more adventuresome you can look into taking a long-ish bus ride to and from the strip.2. When we arrived, we were told that we had only two minutes before the (24 HOUR) store was closing, due to the filming of a Pawn Stars scene. And they weren't kidding, they kicked everybody out about five minutes later.3. In reality, five minutes was probably about all we needed anyway. We were terribly disappointed at the size of the shop. Based on the TV show it looks like a decent sized shop, but in reality it is pretty darn small, and half the shop is lame Pawn Stars t-shirts and the like. And another large section was just housing a few motorcycles that were taking up a lot of space. So we browsed around and saw essentially nothing but overpriced items that we would never consider buying. Where was all the unique stuff we were seeing on the TV show? Yeah, some of it was there, but for the most part it seemed like the shop consisted mostly of jewelery and coins/bills. I feel like there should have been a better selection.I will not watch the show in the same way after actually having been there. Maybe I could have gone up a star if we had seen the stars of the show, but since we got booted out I guess that wasn't going to happen. On our way out the door, we considered staying around until it re-opened. The security guard said it was supposed to be 15-30 minutes but that they "lie all the time" and it probably would be longer.Waste of time!
3	Brutal Vegas weather on 9/3/10 at around 2:00 p.m. My boyfriend and I are INSANE fans of the show. So much so that we stood in line in the freaking heat outside the shop to get in. There was a small line formed when we arrived. We were told they were filming inside and that it would be about 30 minutes. It was more like 45 minutes. A lot of us stood out there and only muttered a few words."It's so hot.""How long has it been?""I hope Chum-Lee is inside.""I can't wait to take a shower". I now know what it feels like to be produce in a grocery store. They have this cool mist that constantly blows at the side of the entrance where everybody was waiting. I want to say THANK YOU for that nice touch it shows that they give a shit about us people who give a big enough crap to stand outside and wait.Was the wait worth it?Well let's see here. We walk in and immediately get hollered at. "NO PICTURES. Absolutely no pictures. They only pictures right now are mental. We are still filming and don't even think about interrupting the shot!"This makes everyone walk extra cautiously and slow. I see some peple putting their cameras back in their pockets. We go on ahead and explore the shop.I instantly see the Jim Morrison painting and Rick is standing not too far away from it. The camera is on him, so I move it right along. We run into shelves and shelves of show merchandise. Coffee mugs, t-shirts, shot glasses, refridgerator magnets (some of which were autographed) hell, these guys even have their own bobbleheads.I take it all in, afterall all pictures at this point are still all mental.We move it along and run into the awesome bright red coca cola machine."Remember this episode?" They have A LOT of people working there. A lot of young people stocking the merchandise and checking out the customers who are buying  said merchandise."Ladies and Gentlemen you can NOW take pictures."Out come the cameras and on begins the posing. It got so crowded in the small shop that you felt at times like you were bumping into people. Everyone seemed to be looking for "the guys" and they kept being told that they were here but we couldn't see them. At one point the "old man" walked out and even though I got excited to see him I got hella nervous. We were in there long enough to get a good look at everything and take pictures of the cool things in the shop. It's a lot of fun if you're a fan of the show. We didn't stick around long enough to see if we could get pictures with or of the cast but it's an overall worthy experience.Ultimately, it was worth the wait!
4	Being big fans of the hit show Pawn Stars on History channel (Mon nights 10 et) my boyfriend and i wanted to visit the store.  The store is hard to walk to if you're staying on the strip (closest strip hotel is Statosphere) if it's super hot outside but is within a mile of Stratosphere.  We cabbed it over and of course there was a line to get into the shop....Thankfully, they had sprays to keep us cool while we waited outside.  We didn't mind much anyhow since we were all busy taking pictures and getting excited about going inside.  We waited about 20 minutes.Once we got inside, we saw many of the items featured on the show (huge green jim morrison poster, James lik photo, mortar, wine thingy, super bowl rings, various guns/knives, and lots of jewelry).  If you're interested, there are def things that you could buy (some art and jewelry are under $200 and $100).  The morrison poster just became available for sale at $20,000 and the james lik photo is $16,000.The middle of the shop became one big souvenir zone full of mugs, magnets, and tshirts with chum, corey, rick, and old man's face plugged on the front.   i was a bit disappointed with this souvenir part as i thought it took a little bit away from the authenticity of the shop.  But one could understand that these guys are just riding the celebrity wave and trying to make as much money as possible during their 15 minutes.  My bf sadly bought a few souvenirs.  They even had tshirts from that antique weapons expert.....cheesy. All in all though, we enjoyed our visit and if we ever found something cool to sell, we'd bring it here to try and get on tv.  Unfortunately, none of the stars were working over the labor day weekend but usually work over the week days so that would be a better day to come.  Also,,  i learned from one of the employees that if you want to sell something, you have to go through some front people first to see if they are interested and then they tell rick.  Which means, what you see on tv is staged and acted out a bit. If you love the show, you should visit!  You can get a cab back to strip, too as cabs wait there in the parking lot.
3	I had to check this place out today after watching a few episodes on the History Channel..  There's some interesting stuff.  The Iwo Jima drawings, secret drawings from World War II, are not for sale.The parking lot had a lot of spaces available.  There were a lot of cabs there waiting for tourists who came to see their piece of TV, too.There was no one from the show in the shop, but I did recognize some items on sale that I saw on recent shows.The place is an amazing slice of Americana.  It's a place you shouldn't miss if you have the chance.
5	My boyfriend and I love the show so we decided to stop by the shop on our recent trip to Vegas. We walked all the way from the Venetian because we didn't realize how far away it was.. it's a LONG walk from there. We had no problem getting a cab back as there were 4 or 5 waiting in the parking lot to pick people up. We waited in line for about 10 minutes before we got to go in. To our surprise Rick, Corey, Chumlee, and Old Man were all in the shop. They had just finished filming and after that they headed into the back room. We got to take pics with corey and then Chumlee. There was a lot of cool things in the shop.. the people that said it was small or junky must not see very many pawn shops. Compared to the others I've seen it's pretty nice. It was well worth the walk!
3	We had to come see this place because we watch the show.  Their was a line when we arrived, but it moved quickly.  If you are fans of the show it is worth the time to see the shop,  We took the deuce from our hotel.  Now we can check it off our list of things we want to do when we are in Vegas, and yes, we bought the tee-shirt.....
3	Only came here to browse. It was obviously packed. Didn't see any of the owners, just unenthusiastic workers.
3	Last time I was here was in 2004 just to get some CDs to listen to in my rental car. Place hasn't changed much except for the prices. If your looking to buy average items your better off at one of the EZ pawn shops. Place is like a museum now of high priced but high quality items.
3	Yup, had to check it out because I watch the show. We came here on a Thursday night, about 8pm. There were probably about 20 people inside. It's much bigger than I thought it would be. Aside from all of the pawn shop merchandise, they sell a ton of Gold & Silver Pawn Shop souvenirs - t-shirts, mugs, keychains, etc. All extremely overpriced. Everything in the store seems to be really expensive. Came out of curiosity, but doubt I'll return if and when I'm back in Vegas.
3	Like others, came here out of curiosity.  But I'm not really a pawn shop type of chick.  Though I did see a pretty amazing 5 carat cushion cut diamond in the front case!  They have an amazing Chumley t-shirt selection in the back LOL.Funny thing about this street, there are wedding chapels, pawn shops, and strip joints all next to each other.  In El Hub's words, you could pretty much buy a ring at a pawn shop, propose to your lady, celebrate your bachelor party at the strip joint, AND THEN get hitched all in one car ride!
1	HELLO!It is a PAWN SHOPNo different than any other PAWN SHOPJust maybe more expensive AND with a LONG LINE OUTSIDEOnly go there if you love their show....
4	What would a visit to Las Vegas be without stopping by to see the Pawn Stars, Chumlee, Corey, Rick and the "Old Man." Being it was Veterans Day I thought getting my picture taken with the "Old Man", a fellow Navy Vet, would be just the thing. We arrived to find several hundred other people had ALSO decided to stop by. A large crowd was outside the door, standing around, taking pictures, just hanging out. Inside was filled, shoulder to shoulder, almost too crowded to hold up a Chumlee tshirt or find those much desired "Gold and Silver Pawn" key chains. We had pushed about 8 feet into the store when the security guy at the door said "CLEAR the store for filming. Every OUT!" He was standing up, a big guy, so we turned around and moved outside again. Dona said "No, we are NOT going to hang around to see what happens... " Anyway, happy vets day Old Man!!
2	As a pawn shop, ohmygaawwd...most of the merch is way overpriced. Then again, Im pretty sure thats a strategy that pawn shops use: Price an item for way higher then its worth in order to leave room for negotiation, but every now and then luck out with some idiot whos willing to pay full price. Anyway, it doesn't really matter...I obviously did not come here to shop. I came because I watch the show and was just as curious as the next moron willing to wait 30min to an hour in line with hopes of seeing one of the stars!Ok, I wasnt really expecting that any of the stars would just be hanging around the store signing autographs and taking pics, but still. I guess none of them ever have to work an actual 8hr shift anymore. I can't imagine how that would work. The store itself was way smaller than I thought it would be, but I guess thats showbiz for you. There are signs that prohibit picture taking or recording, but a lot of people do it anyway. I guess you just gotta be sneaky. Still, it was cool to see some of the items that were featured on the show. It was also jam packed inside, to the point where I felt bad if I wanted to stop and look at something because I'd be holding up the crowd. I'm pretty sure they make most of their profit from their tourist merch section anyway, where you can find cheesy chumlee t's for about 30 bucks a pop. The twenty-somethings that work the counters (lots of them, probably over 10 workers during one shift with only two or three registers...o.O) are really rude, sarcastic and easily annoyed! It was crazy. Some of the girls were yelling at customers who were innocently trying to find their shirt sizes, things like "HELLLLOOOO can I help anybody!!? Or should I just stand here and yell at myself!?"   "COME OVER HERE LADY, THIS IS THE LINE."  I was like omg wtf? Do you hate your job that much? Also, a man infront of me politely asked two of the workers (who were standing behind the counter chit-chatting) if they had anything from NASA...and both the workers made an irritated face and said, "Ugghhh NO...we sold it already." As if they were annoyed that a customer dare ask them a question. Needless to say, I got out of there pretty quickly. If you see a line outside of the shop, just circle around the block a few times or go eat lunch first, come back in a half hour or so when they let everyone in again. Once they open the doors, anyone can go in. They dont limit the amount of people in the store at one time or give the first people in line first priority or anything so there is really no sense in waiting in line.Its an interesting experience for the first five minutes, but I doubt I'll ever return. I'll still watch the show, though. :)
3	we know .. we know... who doesn't love Pawn Stars. I like Chumlee & the old man.. but rick leaves a lot to be desired as does his son. blah. Ive been here 2x. the 1st time on a Sat. morning with no wait in line. It was great. But of course know that the "talent" is only there from M-F 8-5... if that. On my 2nd visit here they were filming - which meant Rick was filming and there were no photos allowed however as soon as they "cut!" SO DID RICK!. he was outta there.. no pics w/ him or anything. I thought he'd stick around and "work" but I guess that's only when cameras are actually rolling on him. Kinda disappointed b/c Chumlee was out of town in Alabama or Mississippi some place like that (2nd wk of Nov) oh well. What can you do? my out of town guests bought lots of t-shirts and cups and things I left with nothing b/c most stuff (non souvenir stuff) is kinda pricey. I did see a ring I liked for my mom but maybe after browsing online I'll make my final decision.  Be warned! this place is much smaller than it looks on TV, its opened 24/7 so dont feel the need to stand in line forever to see this small space. Like I said though they were filming when we walked through so maybe we'll appear on an epidsode, you never know !
4	Larger than it use to be before the show. Many items added because of the notoriety  of the TV show. We still had fun.
4	Yep, it's the same shop from the show 'Pawn Stars,' and they have plenty of crap-- bobble heads, posters, t-shirts, magnets- of Rick and the old man to prove it.They also have some pretty cool stuff too, if you are a fan of the show.Remember that glass and straw wine maker that they had in one of the episodes?  It's there.Or the mortor? Also there.It's fun to walk around and see the signs that say 'as seen in episode whatever in season whatever.'None of the guys where there.  It was the Monday after Thanksgiving tho..For a pawn shop, had some cool stuff, but you couldn't afford it if you wanted to.  And there was nothing there I really 'needed' anyhoo.
3	Yes, we only went here because of the show. No, there wasn't a line to get in. Yes, it was an experience. No, I probably won't be back. It was a very small location with an even smaller parking lot. By the looks of things I think they are either expanding their store room or the shop but construction had taken up about half of the parking spaces. Most of the items in the cases were very much overpriced or not for sale at all. The staff were very friendly and answered any questions we had about the items. The majority of the items were 'Pawn Stars' items and the rest was old crap. There wasn't anything that I would have wanted to buy even if it was priced better. But since it is a pawn shop they get new stuff in all the time. I'm glad I went so when I watch the show next time I can say, "I've been there!!"
3	Went there for the sake of seeing what it's like and how it compares to what is seen on TV. The show version looks bigger to me - and cleaner too. The "live" version had about 60 people inside with about 10 store staff behind the counters. Large crowd outside too - looked like they were waiting for a bus or something. Seeing some of the stuff that was on the show was interesting (like the small cannon). About 40% of the place is dedicated to retail items related to Pawn Stars. I'm not in the market for Chumlee notebooks or Rick mugs though. The Old Man was there in an office - could see him through an open window in a wall. A staff member says the others are in only occasionally. The stuff there was overpriced. I saw a St Gauden's $20 gold piece in a plastic holder that was in really mediocre condition as that coin goes. Nothing special about the date either and it was priced at $1,800. I'd venture to say I could find a better coin of the same date for $150 - $200 less at a reputable coin store. Maybe Rick thinks he'll make money at that price - but only if a sucker buys it. Glad I saw it - no need to go back..
3	I'm a big fan of pawn shops and I love the show, Hey look there's the Death Clock, OH, and the Indian mini bike! That's the coolest part of the visit is spottin the other stars of the show "The Items" I guess we were really lucky cause we had no lines talked about on other posts, and we got to see Chumlee too. I will stop back next time in my favorite City LV.
3	Fun.  Free.  Good laughs.  There was no line when we got there.   Most of the items that I saw on the show were probably already sold since I didn't see them displayed.Unfortunately I did not get to see any of the show's stars.  Some pretty cool stuff in the display cases.   The most expensive item I saw was a NFL Superbowl ring.   They were asking $100k for that piece.   crazy.Looks like they film daily.  If you happen to bring an interesting item in the store then looks like you will get your 15 minutes of fame.
2	Not a "bad" place... but if you like actual pawn shops to buy items and not just look at a tv show set, this is not the place to you.The wife and I went down to the shop after seeing it not only on the Pawn Stars tv show, but also on Insomniac with Dave Attell... About seven months ago (spring of 2010) it was a real pawn shop with the showcase items at the front and the occasional piece from the show on display.There were a few t-shirts and bumper stickers you could buy at the front but they still sold things like Blu-ray discs, nintendo Wii systems and all sorts of jewelry. The most interesting things in the store was the superbowl ring and the old barber chair.Fast forward to december of 2010, and the entire store was renovated with the entire back part that used to house most of the electronics made into a museum from the show and a huge gift shop.The middle glass display cases with jewelry were gone, and the championship rings had multipled to SIX (two superbowl, one ALCS baseball, one NBA Championshop and two CFL Football rings) which seemed strange, and I suspect that they are actually BUYING these things to display in the store.so if you like a good deal, and want to find a great item, forget this place. If you want a really cool experience for the fans of the show, this is great.My wife commented to another woman that most of the jewelry there was there the last time we were in the shop over half a year ago. Most of it is not cleaned up and in dull looking shape. Most pawn shops in las Vegas take time to clean their jewelry, but not this one.Perhaps they do not care about the pawn business as a business anymore, and they are mainly a tv show now. A shame since there are several awards from the pawn brokers industry hanging on the walls.These people will also NOT DEAL WITH YOU ON ITEMS.Important to note for Vegas pawn shops is that most all shops will knock 20-40% off of an item. You can ask for a discount and see one. My wife asked about an item that was $800 and they would barely budge. We have managed to get jewelry items from other stores that were marked at $700 for around $400, but these guys are far too firm on their prices.The parking is an absolute JOKE.They have kept the same parking they had twenty years ago and this is probably because of the location that is on an old part of the strip. What is NOT acceptable is the fact that of maybe twenty parking stalls, there are TEN taxis waiting for fares. They are pretty aggressive and outright RUDE. We had to wait five minutes for an open spot because the taxi drivers were all running around for fares.There is also the issue of people running out into las vegas boulevard to get photos. This is a street where the speed limit is 35 mph, and is not a good spot to dart in and out of traffic. Other than that, stick with one of the many superpawn locations in town!
4	wooooo -hooooo just like as seen on TV....Lots of people and lots of stuff to buy. Glad we stopped by.
3	Ok yes, I am a minion of my television and it will lead me to places. The pawn shop is one of them. We arrived at 9:03pm thinking that the shop is 24-hours so we didn't have to rush over there. We arrived to find out that the store closes at 900pm and after that they are still "open" but it's only a window with a slot where you can pawn items. So we took a few photos of the signs and looked in through the door and said, aw shucks we'll have to try again next time we are in Vegas. So just a warning. They close at 9:00. It's probably something we should have known but we saw the sign on the show that says it's 24-hour. I refuse to admit that my tv half lied to me.
3	Oh gosh..I am such a tourist. Or maybe I'm just really lame?Either way I was in Vegas on Saturday and like many other Californians..I've been to Vegas tons of times before. I always want to make each trip a little different by trying something new or going somewhere I haven't been.That's when it hit me: Pawn Stars!I knew that Rick, Chumlee, and the gang were sitting in a pawn shop somewhere not to far from the strip.Not going to lie..like every other person I was tricked by Hollywood.First, there was a line to get into the pawn shop. I'm sorry...is this Disneyland? I've heard if you do at bad times the shop will be closed despite the 24 hour sign hanging above.Second, no one I recognized from the show was there. I should have known...Third, the shop was a lot smaller than I imagined. I know the shop has TONS of guitars but I didn't see a single one. The shop is much like a museum in that its a single file line that goes around the store so you can browse everything. I saw absolutely no one buying anything...but then again who buys $1000 guns?There was also a ton of jewelry *yawn*If a TV crew interviewed me in the parking lot after I would have said this:"I didn't get what I wanted...but that's okay. I was kind of expecting more...but I know I'll get what I want somewhere else."
4	I managed to have the luck of being the first guy told, "Hey, we're closing the shop for filming.  You'll have to wait outside for 30 minutes."  Which didn't seem so bad, because I got to watch Big Hoss and Chumlee barter with a guy over something or other -- I'm sure I'll see it sooner or later on the show.  But enough bragging about getting to catch the action!  The store is actually about the size I thought it'd be.  Lots of merch, since that's their new angle.  And it's tourist priced, so expect $20 shirts and $10 mugs.    If you want normal pawned items, check the EZ Pawn across the way and down a little.  If you want a $3500 football, go here.  This place was a really cool visit even for a local!
2	I bought some T-Shirts for my kids from the shop when I was in Vegas and then by accident left the bag in a restaurant on the strip. I just wanted to replace what I lost for my kids since they are ticked off, so I go to their website to look for an on-line store.The on-line store at www.gspawn.com has been broken for quite a while. You can't check-out or create an account. Filled out the on-line contact form weeks ago and no response. I guess they must not care because you'd think they would wonder why they aren't getting any orders. I even called the shop, selected the pawn counter, but it just goes to voicemail and the mailbox recording says it's full and no more messages can be accepted.They should just take the shop off their website if they can't get it fixed.BTW - The shop is small and sort of dirty. The carpet looks like it was last replaced in 1981 and they must not own a vacuum cleaner. Plus, It has that old building smell that catches you when you first enter.Like other reviewers stated, the actual pawned merchandise is over-priced and a good third of the floor space is now dedicated to t-shirts, mugs, bobble heads, etc.If you are planning a visit, go after 5:00PM as there isn't much of a line then. If you go during the day, you will stand in line, but you may see some of the stars from the show.Travis and Andy, two of the shop employees, were extremely nice. As for Rick, he looks like he's about to pop an artery or two in his head.
3	Love the show, so driving to downtown we saw it and stopped. It's not in an area where I would normally be comfortable, but it was crowded and I'm sure security is on premises. Parking lots on each side, and still we were lucky to find a spot. Didn't have to stand in line, but the store was really crowded. There's a rope down the middle, and you can go up one way and back another. Saw items from the show...barber chair, cannon, coke machine. It's a crappy little place, and you wonder how they were lucky enough to get picked out of the "herd" to do this show.They were filming...but they film in a "set" not accessable to the public. While there's a sign to say "filming...please be quite" you can't actually see them. I watched the show again yesterday, and it's NOT the part of the store John Q. public goes to. bummer.They seem to be making a good living on tshirts and coffee mugs. Cheesy. Nothing here is cheap...a Rolex I saw in NOLA for about $4,000 was going for $10,000 here. And the one in NOLA had a diamond bezel which this one didn't have. I've been there, done that, didn't buy the tshirt and won't be back. Save the time and effort. Just my opinion.
3	Went to Vegas this super bowl weekend, Had to go take a look at the store from one of my favorite reality shows "Pawn Stars"I stayed at The Mirage and the shop is only a couple of miles away on las Vegas Blvd. (Close to the Stratosphere area) Found it pretty quick, a small group of people out front helped me a bit. It was afternoon sun. and i was told the guys don't work sundays! Plus the game was on in a few hours so i'm sure they were not going near the store that day.  The parking lot was pretty full, but there was about 3 empty spaces. There was no line to get in (Usually is)  A few people outside taking photos. Just walked right in, Smaller than i thought and it seems a bit cleaner on TV. The glass cases are full of lots of old stuff...Dolls, Jewelry, Clocks, Coins, etc. Towards the back of the store is a Pawn Stars gift shop area with lots of merch. logo T's, keychains, shot glasses etc. There was a lot of tourist kinda just moving about, so felt a bit overwhelmed when trying to look at the stuff.The staff working seemed pretty much willing to answer any questions and offer help. The Front area is where the main counter is, the old man's desk was there and lots of things i've seen on TV. If your going to buy something it will cost you! The prices on some items were really expensive. As for the visit, it was fun, but would have loved to see chumlee!!
4	This place is tight!!! Saw all the stuff from the show. Even met Chum Lee. The majority of items that were on the show are expensive. But def worth checking out if your ever visiting Vegas.
5	Awesome! Unlike any other pawn shop I have ever been to.  Well worth the visit for the variety of items this shop carries.
3	The building looks a lot bigger on TV. There was a line out the door, but it took about 10 minutes to get to the front of the line. I wasn't there to pawn anything, just wanted to check out the place. They have a gift shop area near the back of the store where you can buy mechandise with the pawn star's on them.
1	Pretty much a dingy little shop  with  bunch of t-shirts and mugs and a bunch of old, dirty crap,   The staff is pretty rude.    There are pawn shops at home that I are better than this.
3	Much smaller than what you would expect from seeing the show - but if you're a fan of the show; ya just gotta go.  And buy a Chumley key chain or something.  Lots of souvenir stuff
4	We got there a little after 10am and there were just a couple of people in line before a whole group of people were told to leave the store for 30mins for filming.  We waited outside for about 45 mins until they finished up filming.  When we got inside, we did get a chance to see Rick finishing up some things.  I was surprised how small it was inside compared to how it looks on tv.  I felt very rushed to get through the store.  People are constantly coming in and out and the staff kept repeating for people to keep moving because there were people outside waiting.It's easy to find while on your way downtown and a good amount of parking. Probably not some place I will go back to, but it's one of those places you visit because you watch the show.
3	The line to get in here is around the building and way down the block. OMG. There are people from around the world coming to check out this spot. Things look pretty much the same as they do on TV. There is a huge crowd outside waiting to get in. It's crazy. I was surprised that they weren't selling front of the line passes to get into here like they would a club. There were all kinds of items in here. They have everything from kitchen knick knacks to super bowl rings, NBA championship rings, etc. They pack all kinds of things in here. I hated that the wait was SOOOOOOO long but I figured the line was going to be crazy unless we came back at like 3am. And even then, who knows?!?! Maybe people would be lined up outside to pawn their watches and things to settle gambling debts. They have a lot of the items from the show in here too still. For example, they still have that barber chair, some old coke machines, cannons, guns, knives, etc. I was hoping to find that one girl's fabrege spider. But, I didn't see it or somehow glanced over it. Anyways, a fun time but a quick in and out for us, in comparison to other people who spent hours in there. Really, I don't think that I could spend hours in there looking at these things. It was a fun lil stop but man oh man, I'd hate to be in Vegas in the summer waiting in a line like that. NUTS!
4	Because the store is famous for its show, expect a wait outside the store to get in.  The wait may be like waiting to go on an amusement park ride.
3	Being fans of Pawn Stars, it was only natural that my husband and I stop in while visiting Las Vegas.The shop is up past the Stratosphere (moving away from The Strip) in a seedier neighborhood.  We were fortunate that there was no line when we visited, and we were able to walk right in and explore at our leisure.  The shop is much smaller than they make it look on TV, and about half the store is devoted to show merchandise.  We picked up a Chum Lee magnet for the fridge.  It was fun to see a lot of the shop wares often seen during the TV show.  Unfortunately and not surprisingly, none of the guys made an appearance while we were there.Worth a stop if you are a fan of the show!
3	Glad I read the reviews to manage my expectations.  Same as everyone else.  Show is cool, store is small, didn't see the guys.  Don't get me wrong, glad I went.
3	I don't know how they make any money. Most of the cool stuff is not in the store and all the other stuff that you would want to buy is priced way out of most people's pockets. Never see any of the guys anymore, but Chumlee and Hoss get out to the strip a lot. Worth taking a visit to once.
3	Yes this is the place from TV or as tourists like to call it the Pawnstars pawn shop... I have been here a couple times now since I lived here and it is a lot smaller than it looks like on TV and this place is fully taking advantage of its celebrity which is a positive and a negative. You probably can't get in the store when the "Pawnstars" are inside and filming because of the lines around the block. But, if you go in the evening you won't have any issue getting in. They recently expanded the store because they now sell a lot of TV show merch and signed Chumlee stuff. They also are creating a dual demand for things for sale because stuff sold in the show is identified as such creating a prop price and actual value price. Smart biz and the same thing I would do. The tourists are really annoying inside and I would hate my life if I worked there dealing with dumb questions over and over. "Where's Big Hoss" or "When can I sell this so I can be in the show".....But It is worth checking out, just don't be disappointed if you have big expectations.
3	During the day there is a line down the block.  Came by later at 6 and there was no line and walked right in.  Love the show, and the place is exactly like the show.  Smaller than I thought.  Items in cases, on the wall, and in the back room.  There is a floor gift shop with a bunch of 'pawn stars'  items.  You can get your tshirt or Chumlee bobblehead.   Some of the stuff was basic pawn shop trash.  There were a bunch of interesting stuff; championchip rings, GI joes, and framed art.  Cool stuff, but mostly tourist walking around taking pictures.
4	This place is cool..... its like a mini museum..You see some stuff that was on the show which makes you feel like your connected to it... It is a lot smaller than you think it would be.... it's just a novelty to go there..all in all definately a place you gotta check out once
4	I haven't been in a pawn shop since being stationed in N. Carolina.  But I had to check this out because of Pawn Stars.  So I went in, checked it out and yep it's a pawn shop.  Sure it's famous but the employees are also very nice, helpful and well dressed.If you're looking to pawn or buy, I'd recommend this place.
3	I agree with Yelper Britney S.. rude people all over the place.. No Old Man, No Rick, no Haus or Chum... siiigghh.. alas our visit was a bust.. We bought t-shirts but there were no shot glasses :-(. No shot glasses.. in Vegas?? Ehhh.. I am glad I went.. I wouldn't go back
3	Smaller than expected and none of the cast members were there.
5	All of you stupid cows the shop you go in from the front of the store is not the TV set. The TV set is in the middle of the building, and opens to the ally. The reason it looks smaller in real life is because the set is much large much nicer than the pawn shop the public can walk in off of the street. The world sure is getting dumbed down. I really like the showalso Austin (Chummlee) is not stupid. Big hoss is not a dumb jerk they play those rolls on the TV show. The Old man is grumpy though.RegardsJim
3	I love Vegas. No seriously, I love being a tourist in my home town. People shell out thousands of dollars a year to see things that I can see on any given Tuesday. So it's on a mid-day week that I decide to head on over to the Gold & Silver Pawn Shop. I've been there a couple times long before the show debuted on History Channel. At that time, it was your typical pawn shop. There was a handful of older jewelry and high-end watches in cases, a few stereos, and of course a Super Bowl Ring. The inside is fairly small and resembled what you'd expect from a downtown pawn shop where people hawk their priced possessions for enough money to get themselves home. The stock today was a bit this different, though. The electronics display consisted of two laptops, a Wii, and a couple DVD players. Much of the jewelry still sat in cases. I shop pawn shops frequently to buy electronics items, so my purpose for visiting was to see if the place had changed much. It was actually my second attempt to visit the store as I went on a Friday evening the week prior.During the day, there's a line down the sidewalk. If you're fortunate to be there when the film crew is there, be prepared for an even longer wait. They will ask you to wait outside unless you're actually in the process of a transaction. If you're there to scalp some old DVDs or CDs or otherwise not really selling anything of interest, don't expect to be on TV. Being that I was a just being a looky-loo, I was one of a few people escorted to wait in line as to no create chaos inside. I decided that I could return another day and left.On my second return, I only waited about 10 minutes. This was during the week and mid-day. Sure enough, the Old Man was there playing solitaire. He's actually a nice guy. You can tell why he's in the pawn business. He's very nostalgic.  I sparked up a conversation about the Navy, in which they had some memorabilia for sale. As a Navy veteran myself, we swapped a sea story until he had to break the conversation to attend to somebody selling an antique globe. Rick was also there working with another customer. Although, I didn't get to speak with him personally, I did some eavesdropping while eyeballing some vintage items nearby. The guy seem really smart. I'm a history buff and he seems to know his stuff. If you're a tourist, don't expect much. If you're lucky, you'll get to see one of the four main guys at work. But it's not likely. It's more of an antique store these days than actual pawn shop. So forget about going in hoping to buy a Pearl Jam CD from Chumlee. They have the merchandise available, but it's nothing that you can't get online.My $.02 Cents:3 Stars for Pawn Stars - As a pawn shop, this place kind of lacks in items that I would go to a pawn shop for. Very few things like tools, cameras, DVD players, and musical instruments. Lots of historically relevant stuff and antique nostalgic items. If you're looking to see (or buy) some pretty cool things or interested in getting some info about an item passed on to you for generations... then hit this place up!
1	Went late at night and was not crowded at all.  *SERIOUSLY*! A&E choose this %#it hole!!   It's lld, dingy, and filled with a bunch of junk that no one wants.  Oh, not to mention all the swag from the show.  Like I really want to advertise for your show. Will I get paid!?Some staff are rude. The husband asked a question about their  old riffles in the display case, and they guy didn't care to give a real answer.  Some other staff stepped in and was a little more helpful. It's now a novelty for Vegas.  Go there just once, then, don't look back. And, don't expect the see the Pawn Stars.
1	There was nothing impressive about this place. I was dragged here by the gf and a friend. They wanted to go because the show is filmed here. None of the people from the show were there as I expected. I thought I might be able to find something semi cool to buy just so I could say I bought something from the pawn stars shop but the only thing I was interested in was a base from the '09 World Baseball Classic but it was extremely over priced for not having any sort of record of what game it was used for or anything. Overall the place is very small and very over priced. Would you seriously pay $50 for a Hideo Nomo coin or a Stephon Marbury coin. Those guys did absolutely nothing in their respective sport.
3	Chumlee, who the heck is he, and who cares. Gee, I got dragged in with my group that wanted to see this place because they watch it on TV. I of course had never seen or heard about it, but I went along. As we walked up it was just an old building with a rope and a long line for people waiting to get in. Say what I am waiting in line to go to a pawn shop, are you kidding me? Luckily, the line went quickly and we waited maybe ten minutes before we were told we could go into the glorious oh so famous pawn shop. Old, but yeah I guess they had some pretty cool stuff. When I saw a picture of Al Pacino that was cool. Jewelry, and all kinds of old antique stuff. We walked around as my sister was hoping to spot "Chumlee" and no he was not around but they had an entire section of hats, t-shirts, mugs with his face plastered on it. OK, now I find out who Chumlee is, still means nothing to me. Cool place I guess if you follow the show or want some unique items at a price. The staff all seemed friendly. Then again you could also tell the fame of this place had gotten to them. Visit if you want, no big deal for me honestly.
3	The stuff here is too over priced. And the stars are not here lol.... Disappointed but I'll come back when I get back to Vegas. :D
2	Not worth your time, unless your a fan of the show.The wife and I love to watch Pawn Stars, so we paid a visit to the shop during one Vegas visit. It's kinda neat, to be where the show is filmed, but not much beyond that.You're not going to see anyone from the show there. They never come in except for filming days, which are highly controlled.On any other day, it's an assembly line walking through to see things.Lots of show paraphanalia, which I guess is cool if you're into that sort of thing. I'm not.And the pricing seems high on items. At least on the products I knew something about, items were selling for a premium, not the discount you would expect from a pawn shop.
1	What a dump! I don't watch the show but all my clepsydra do and I was intrigued to see the place after their stories. Let's just say we were all equally disappointed!
3	It was fun to see the location where the show is filmed.  Definitely more of a tourist attraction.  I found it to be a very typical pawn shop, but small.  The good thing about seeing it was that I felt like the show is very real in the sense of it being a real pawn shop.  Like most shows, the filming itself is staged.  Saw a small part of the filming while we were there.
4	Came here because my brother-in-law is a fan. We were able to get him an autographed picture (they get a star for friendliness). It's a pretty cool place to go and look at old stuff. I swear my Grandma has some of the same stuff in her basement!
3	It's a cool place to check out if you're a fan of the show on the History Channel. This was on the list for one of the random places that the bf wanted to check out during our trip in Vegas. We didn't get to see any of the actual guys from the show Pawn Starts but If you have the time (& only if you watch the show) then I'd say to check it out b/c it's kind of cool to see a bunch of the different items that were featured on the show like the cannon, vintage Coca Cola machines, Superbowl rings, etc. Otherwise, I'm not really sure if it's worth venturing off the strip for unless you're close to the downtown Las Vegas area. It's a lot smaller than how it looks on the show, but it's still pretty cool. There wasn't a line to get in during the time we went either.Lots of cool random stuff to check out & they have souvenirs for the show too (which were pretty pricey).
2	While in Vegas, we decided to stop by the pawn shop. As avid followers of Pawn Stars, we were very excited to see the store. We went on a Sunday, so I didn't expect to see Rick and the crew there, but I was still excited! As I was walking towered the entrance, I heard people outside talking about how disappointed they were in comparison to what they see on the show... and after 30 seconds inside, I agreed. It looked nothing like I expected, I didnt see a lot of the cool items I see on the show and half the shop was full of merchandise from the show (hats,shirts,cups,etc) I have to say... This trip was a bust, but I will still watch the show!
2	As seen on tv, but not nearly as sexy as you've seen on tv. First of all, the place is a complete dump in a really sketchy hood. When we drove by early in the morning, we saw at least 150 people lined up outside to get in and we were not willing to do that. We came back around 6:30 and there were like 8 people waiting, so we decided to check it out. I am not a fan of buying junk eeeerrrr pawned treasures. That being said, I didn't find much of anything that I would waste my money on. A few cool sports items, but way over priced. A few decent watches, but way overpriced. For example, if I want an Omega watch, why would I pay $2,800 for a used one that's scratched up and in terrible shape? I mean if that's your thing, by all means, get down with it. But for me, that's not how I roll. Note to staff, ever hear of the new and improved Swiffer jet? Time to mix in a cruise through the place with a vacuum or a dust buster. The place is just nasty. - If you expect to see Big Hoss, Old Man, Rick or Chum, don't count on it. You will see a bunch of bald guys, just not THE bald guy. You will see a few old men just not THE old man. -It's pretty much a gift shop with schwag for you to waste your money on. So, if you are in the market for a Big Hoss bobblehead doll, you have come to the right place. If you just can't live another day without a t shirt with Chums face on it, you are in luck.I love the show and this place is so much more exciting on my tv screen than it is in person.
4	Tuesday evening, no line. About 7 people in the store. Heard a worker say the cast works 3 weeks and takes 5 weeks off. Must be nice.4 stars
3	Read a couple reviews, and the same thing rings true... If you're a fan of the show, then you will enjoy the trip. If not, don't bother wasting your time. The shop inside and out is dirty, which is expected in a seedy area in Vegas. However what shocked me was their lack of interesting items in the shop. Even their Jim Morrison painting was nowhere in sight. I think they make more money in merchandise sales than they do in actual pawn purchases. Since I am a huge fan of the show I bought a shirt and a cup. There was no one from the show around the shop, which was kind of a let down. You wait in sweltering hot weather in hopes to catch a glimpse of the boys doing what they do best on the show... Needless to stay, I will probably be back. In hopes that maybe next time I make it out to Vegas I can get to chat with The Old Man.
2	It was very anticlimactic to visit the pawn shop.  It was basically just a big tourist spot with everyone taking pictures and buying Chumlee T-shirts.  We only got to hang out here for 5 minutes before they closed it to film, and they kick everyone out.  When we left all these cab drivers bugged us to see if we needed rides.  If you are a die hard fan and want a t shirt maybe it's worth a stop, otherwise just drive by and take a picture of the outside.
4	Caught Pawn Stars all weekend long randomly when we were actually in the hotel room, so on the last day we decided to go find the place. The place definitely looks nicer on TV than in person but we did spot a bunch of items that we had just seen in the aired episodes so that was kinda cool. There was a lot of stuff that just wasn't that interesting or you'd had to be into a certain collectible to understand. At least it wasn't crowded but none of the cast were there either.Still love to watch the show!
3	If you are a fan of the show, I hope you will put up with waiting in the  hot line outside. They have mist sprayers and a snack cart to help you out. Also the lot is very small for parking.
4	I probably should have written this with the rest of my Vegas reviews but screw it I'm doing it now! Plus, in my mind, I've never left Vegas.Visiting the store from Pawn Stars was pretty exciting for me.  I dragged my friend up with me, who wasn't really a fan of the show so I was the one geeking out when we got to the store.Went on a Sunday, which is a shame since I didn't realize the guys aren't there on weekends.  It's all good though, because visiting the store is like a museum.  All the stuff you see in the episodes is laying around the store.  Very cool.  They have separate sections you don't see on the show (you only see the main room but they are expanding their shop into bigger sections)  There is one section with Pawn Stars merch (good idea on their part for making some extra money)  They have autographed magnets, t-shirts, and other souvenir type things.There was a line to get in but it wasn't very long.  If you are there to pawn something you don't have to wait in the line though.(As Seen On TV: Pawn Stars)
3	My friend and I were obsessed with this show so obviously when I was just in Las Vegas, we had to make a trip out there. On a Sunday afternoon, the line was super short and we go to go in! remember that the cast are only in the store M-F, 9-3...something I didn't know. Oh well!The location is a little off the strip by the Stratosphere, so it's not the glitziest part of the strip.I had an issue with the fact that I couldn't really buy anything in there. Not because I do not collect antique guns and coca cola dispensers, but because I drove from LA and wanted to pick something up portable.You mean a Winnie the Pooh statue costs me $150? No thanks. Not much variety for the average customer but that doesn't detract from the fact that I love the show and enjoyed visiting.
4	The store is not very big, so if you go and there's a crowd expect to be up close with the other people in the pawn shop. They have a ton of jewelry, so much you might want to do a very thorough search through the cases. Most pieces of jewelry and art are for the collector, so don't expect to walk out with a cheap souvenir. If you are a fan though of the show and some of the items they collect go in  - you never know what you might find. I did find the perfect wedding band to replace the one I lost years ago (kept the husband, lost the band) and it was very reasonably priced and they soldered it to my engagement ring for free to make it look like the perfect set.
2	I love Pawn Stars but in recent months I've been longing for the good old days where it was just a pawn shop...The first time I visited Gold and Silver, Pawn Stars was relatively new and we thought it would be fun to check it out. It was like a typical Pawn Shop save for a few "Pawn Stars" t-shirts.The second time I visited Gold and Silver, Pawn Stars was becoming extremely popular. The place was going through a renovation and my mother and I brought in some scrap metals to sell at market price. The man we met with was kind and courteous and even gave us a signed photo of Rick Harrison and The Old Man. Overall it was a pleasant experience.On out last trip however we decided to visit the shop again since the show is now the #1 show on cable. What we encountered was an extremely rude staff and absolutely no courtesy as potential buyers. The man behind the counter was extremely rude to my mother and in my book, that's not acceptable.It seems like Gold and Silver has gotten somewhat cocky when it comes to customer service. Too bad...
1	What a disappointment. It's just your standard smarmy pawn shop. It's small and not anything like what is portrayed on the TV show! I wouldn't waste my time in Vegas to go there! Sad to stand in line to go in there. It's an hour of my life that I'll never get back. Most of the store is selling Rick's book and Tshirts for Chumley and tourist trinkets. The highlight seems to be taking your picture with a cut-out of Rick, Hoss and Chumley. Too sad.
1	The pawn shop just has a bunch of crap and the staff is rude and stupid. It is not nearly ad interesting as it is on tv
5	I went there on a Monday and got there around 8 AM. because I didn't know what time it opened. It opens around 9 am. We were like the first 10 people in line so as soon as they opened the doors we got to go right in. By 9 AM. the line was down the street and around the corner so I would suggest getting there early. It is a really small store but it was really cool to see everything up close. I even bought a poker chip from an old casino. If you are a big fan of the show and have nothing better to do one morning you should definitely come here! Although I didn't see any of the TV. show people it was still a lot of fun.
3	I am sure that at least half the visitors to this shop nowadays are Pawn Stars fans -- I am one of them -- but even so, I was surprised by how much of the space is dedicated to Pawn Stars merch rather than actual items purchased by the shop.  The shop itself is much smaller than it seems on TV, and I would guess that about a third of it is dedicated to Pawn Stars mugs, shirts, blankets, glasses, whathaveyou. Still though, there were some interesting items to browse through, and who am I kidding? I totally bought an "I Heart Chumlee" mug.
1	This place is a piece of crap. Love the show, but the store sucks. They have a whole bunch of crappy overpriced items.On the plus side, the security guy sitting down at the front door was really nice.
3	Most of the visitors are fans of the TV show.....go early and a weekday if possible.  Otherwise be prepared to stand in line.  We were told approximately 3000-4000 people visit the shop daily.As you enter the store, you may stand in line to sell or pawn items on the left hand side(not for the TV show).Interesting collection of items including a section in the middle of the store for souvenirs.There are two parking lots and a refreshment tent in the small parking lot for the throngs of visitors!Nice cheap break from the gambling.
2	Waste of time.Small, overpriced, lame.  There are more Chumlee mugs than legit pawn shop items.  I'd rather go to an antique shop.Also, NOT open 24 hours a day as advertised.  Showed up at around 7:50 and was told they closed in 10 minutes.  Really?  The sign says we never close and you are telling me that I only have 10 minutes until closing time?  Ridic.I am a fan of the show but would not go back to this shop again.
4	I'm a huge fan of the show, but I came in with my expectations in check, after reading the reviews. I came in on a weekend evening, so I knew I wouldn't be seeing any of the cast from the show, and that's okay.Since I got there after 7, there was no line to get in,  and plenty of parking, and I just walked right in. The store was about the size I expected it to be. I walked around and I spotted quite a few items that were featured on the show, and still for sale!The gold "death clock", a vintage restored slot machine, Confederate sword, WWI navy coat, Babe Buth signed ball. Seeing these items from the show was really cool.Of course they have a great selection of jewelry and watches, and a nice assortment of antiques. People say that the items are way overpriced, but  every pawn shop i've been to, famous or not, prices items high, because it's expected that the items price will be negotiated down.They have many staff working the floor, so if you need help, have a question, you will be assisted quickly. The staff I encountered was very helpful and was making small talk with all the customers.I'm very glad I went!
4	Really a awesome experience when in Vegas! Packed inside but lots to see! I had a great time looking at all the great antiques. Please if you are thinking about taking something home .. make sure you bring a grand if not more! Cool poster inside to take a picture with the "guys" lol
1	Not worth the visit. It's a tourist store with little to nothing to purchase. They have a Peter Lik picture that they were selling for $16,000, we went to the Peter Lik Gallery at Venetian and saw a brand new one for $10,000.
4	I love watching Pawn Stars, but my husband never misses an episode. So last time we were in Vegas I thought we'd go. I thought they were open 24 hours and heard that the lines are super long on the weekends so we went around 11pm only to find out they really aren't open 24 hours. If you want to pawn something than the pawn window is open. You can look through the window and see inside, but that's it. I was a little disappointed we didn't get to go inside, but I guess I should have read the reviews.
1	Store was small and looked junky. Saw very nice cartoon cells but thought they were overpriced by at $300.00. Would not waste my time going there.
3	This is a great little tourist place.simply put before the shop become and TV success it was more or than likely just another Pawn store in the already over crowded market in Vegas.If you are thinking of taking a trip there make sure you have plenty of water, have had a good night sleep and been to the loo (toilet).You can find yourself standing in line for up to and hour.Kinda reminds me of a few clubs back home, as soon as 2 leave 2 go in..as for seeing the Pawn Stars themselves...you may have better luck than me. I have been there 6 times and at various times of the day and week, and to me, me thinks they only go there when they do filming now.As for the store it self, remember this is up the strip way north of the MGM and i guess some would say not the better part of the strip.This is where you would find find all the wedding chapels and hookers (aww theres 3 words that go great together).But either way!!!GO FOR IT! Great place just to take a poke about and catch a Tan waiting.GO HERE!
3	My sister is crazy obsessed with the "Pawn Stars" show, so while in town, she begged me to make this one of the first stops on her travel itinerary.I don't watch a large amount of TV, but her storytelling yarns of what makes this place so awesome did in fact intrigue me.  That, and I've always wondered what the deal was with the out of control huge lines that form and stay there every time I pass by.  So it really was killing two birds: Make my sister happy, and see what's up with this place.  I don't have the massive obsession factor with the place, so I went in without any preconceptions of the seeming spiritual holiness of the place that people make pilgrimages from miles around to see.  They do have a decent sized parking lot, so that was indeed a plus to not have to drive around for a space.And to credit, they do indeed have some very cool things to see in here.  I saw a Wonder Woman issue #2 from way back in the day, and between that, and some of the vintage guns and swords, it garnered a genuine "Wow" from me.  I like antique stuff, so there were some incredibly noteworthy additions.But was it worth the 45 minutes we waited in line out of love for my dear sister?  Not so much.  Two glaring issues for me.  Everything in the store had HUGE "Don't Touch" signs all over them.  I can understand to an extent, as I'm sure there have been issues of some starstruck clod molesting an artifact that was prominently featured on TV, but it kind of took some of that "Cool" factor down covering up almost every single on floor item.  I'd rather see it behind a glass case if it means losing the additional signage.The second thing is the themed merchandise.  Again, I don't watch the show.  I don't know the "characters".  Half the store being devoted to shot glasses, puzzles, bobble heads, T-Shirts, throw blankets and whatnot highlighting the four characters was a little surreal and creepy for me.  And I am not exaggerating in saying that these tchotchkes enveloped half the store's square footage.  I would have rather seen some of these wonderful, mythical artifacts that my sister described to me that would have prompted me to want to watch the show, and perhaps in turn make me want to embrace these four guys peering at me from a cozy and freshly purchased "Pawn Stars" blanket as I watch "Charles in Charge" reruns at home.  If they are going to have THAT much merchandise, perhaps they need to build a gift shop wing onto the place.I'd go again, if there wasn't a line to wait, and I guess I'll watch an episode as my sister admitted that the show is a lot more lively than the "real life" version of the store.  If you don't mind long lines, a fleeting chance to MAYBE see one of the stars, huge signs warning you to "Stay Away" on every single item, and half the store being devoted to bumper stickers and keychains, then check it out.  As for me, my curiosity has now been satisfied.
4	So Im a fan of the show.  Isnt that why most people write reviews for this place?We walked up after parking and were in line to get in behind about 30 people.  Our friend was anxious and didnt want to wait, but I told her the line moves pretty fast.  ...and it did.  In 5min we were already walking in the place.When you get inside, it looks like.. wait for it.. a pawn shop.  Shocking huh?  You definitely recognize some of the areas from the show.  The big painting on the wall of Jimmy Hendrix.  A lot of their items were pretty awesome and rare.  I guess that's what impressed me most about the place.  They had the good stuff.If you wanted swag from Pawn Stars, they had plenty of it.. shirts, mugs, shot glasses, posters, anything.. it was all in the middle.  The staff was more than great there, but of course you didnt see anyone from the show around.  I figure they film during the week and close the place off.Pretty cool place and Im glad I finally got to check it out.
2	Was cool to see once. Go in the morning and there is no line to get in. Store seemed bigger on tv. The inside was old. Kinda disappointing Chum Lee wasnt there.
5	I consider this a must-visit if you are a serious fan of the History Channel's show "Pawn Stars".So the guys from the show are supposed to be here M - F from 9am to 3pm/5pm ish.  BUT do NOT expect them to be in the showing area.  The show has become so popular now that they will likely be in the back room doing stuff or playing Solitaire.  Seriously, the best you get may be a picture against their cardboard cutouts.  Understandable - heck, I'd be annoyed spending all day taking pics with random tourists.  Even the bouncer was annoyed after the third (yes, third) time I asked him to take a pic.Nevertheless, you see some cool items here.  A $200,000 sword owned by Chris Columbus, the $100,000 or so NE Patriots ring, Faberge spiders for $15,000 a piece, the old school barber chair, etc etc.I brought a gold necklace to "pawn" (well, not really), but the line was maybe 5 or 10 minutes, so I didn't bother.  Was just for kicks anyways.No cover to get in. They sell tourist paraphernalia.  While you won't get to see the crew from the show (at least not very likely), the other staff is very fun and helpful in explaining the history and value of all the items displayed.
4	The staff is friendly.The lines are usually long but move fast.The parking lot is big enough.The prices are expensive.The place is full of Pawn Stars Merchandise. You have a better chance of hitting a jackpot than seeing the stars =(The experience was still awesome and you must take a pic under their sign facing the Vienna Dogs Kiosk.
2	I can now said that I have been there. As a pawn shop its pretty boring. The prices are also high. I guess that comes from having a TV show. But I have to say the staff was nice.
2	Just a pawn shop with expensive stuff. too much pawn stars tee shirts and junk.
4	Went here with the family when we were visiting Las Vegas.  My brother Jacob loves the show these guys are on, so we had to go and see them in person.  Jake brought some silver dollars that had been purchased for him as a baby to see if he could pawn them.  We waited in a long line to get in but were inside within about 10 minutes.  Once inside, Jake spoke with one of the dealers there and asked about his coins.  The gentleman explained that some of the silver dollars he had were actually made of silver and worth quite a bit, as silver prices were increasing.  Thus, he encouraged Jake to keep them as an investment.  I was impressed with his honesty and glad that he didn't try to take advantage of a 13 year old.  This place is cool and the owners are nice.  Half of the shop is just for merchandise from the show, just FYI.
4	I enjoyed browsing this store with my family.  After seeing them on Pawnstars I thought I'd visit their shop.  We really liked the staff.  They were very courteous.  I was hoping to buy some rare paper money but their selection was not very good at the time.  I liked the fact that their staff never judges a book by it's cover.  They showed me everything that piqued my interest.  We ended up buying a couple of glass mugs, some T-shirts and a bumper sticker signed by Chumlee and the old man.
1	As a big fan of the show, I was really disappointed. I didn't intend to actually see a character, but I wanted to buy SOMETHING from this now legendary pawn shop.Unfortunately, 80% of the store is now dedicated to overpriced  trinkets and souvenirs. I would have been game for a Chumlee t-shirt, but not a cheap gildan quality shirt with even cheaper silk screening for upwards of $40.What I really wanted to was a walking liberty half dollar. The two people behind the coin counter didn't even know what I was talking about and pointed me to the silver dollars. At that point I was done and just left, disappointed and somewhat disgusted.Makes it hard to look forward to the new season.
2	It's just your average pawn shop that looks much bigger on tv. It was cool going there and looking at the items in the shop. Was a bit disappointed that not one of the four main guys were there I mean when we went to Cake Boss the sister was out. Did pick up a shirt for my dad though so not a wasted trip.
3	This review is for 3.5 stars. Our friends from out of town, wanted to come here and so after breakfast on monday, we dropped by (that's when i posted on FB that i so felt like a tourist, but then again i was curious, too). The parking lot was nearly full. BTW, there is a little snack station (snacks, drinks) in the parking lot. Cabs were dropping off customers. People were walking up to the velvet ropes, as well (they were coming from all over to see the pawn shop that's seen on TV, the History channel's highest rated show,"Pawn Stars"). Yes, it was morning, and there was a big crowd, so we waited to get inside. There was a bald man announcing to hold off on the flash photography (but no live taping/filming is allowed BTW) until he gave the say-so for stills only. The security guard was seated there at the door. There were more velvet ropes inside. There were so many people, you could not help bumping into people, and vice versa (hope you showered, wore deodorant, and perfume/cologne because strangers are going to get a whiff of you). I say this, because if you don't like large crowds and hate getting that claustrophobic feeling, don't come here. My husband had been here before, so he said the back part was opened up. The front left part is jewelry (very large selection- be sure to check out the Super Bowl rings), the other side is other stuff (some looked rare, but i didn't get a good look because of the crowd). The middle is primarily the tv show merchandise (this was a very busy section- they make bank, seriously). The back side is mostly large items (a jukebox) with signs posted "do not touch" or "do not stand" as well as framed, some signed/autographed large pieces of art (like the Stevie Wonder piece priced at $15,000).Two ladies in our group, made a jewelry purchase- a 14K yellow gold diamond ring originally marked for $499, but the lady returned with "we can give it to you for $389" which included free sizing and soldering (done on the premises in 30 minutes) and a simple, thin 14K yellow gold wedding band for $149. The free sizing and soldering is a good value, since most jewelry stores have to send their stuff out, the chain ones anyway. I wanted to look at some jewelry too, but grew a little tiresome of the people waiting there for the same thing (besides, mostly yellow gold). I really wanted a breather, so i joined my husband and friends outside. (Also, there is a Native American silver jewelry case in the very front, near the cashier.)It's pretty neat to actually see the store for myself, since we like the show and all. The pricing is a tad high (but i've always thought that of pawn stores, in general) for my taste. I'd rather go to second-hand stores or thrift stores. If i were a millionaire and money was no object, then yeah, i'd be a fan, and buy things simply because i could. But i'm not in that position. Thus, the 3.5 star rating. But don't get me wrong, I understand the appeal.None of the Pawn Stars were around, but i didn't have that expectation either. But I think that's what the "real" tourists were hoping.
1	I tried calling overr there on Monday..the person who answerd the phone kept hangin up on me...whats up with that? Are they that buesy they cant anser the phone ...Just wonderd how much theyd give me for a watch..
3	The Good:  Had a few hours to kill and went with a few newbs to Vegas so we ended up here.  They have free parking in a tiny 2 row lot and a hotdog cart out front.The Bad:  Why do people go here?  Okay, I get that it's the venue for Pawn Stars, but that's it.  As a pawn shop they have crap and their prices are through the roof.  I didn't look like people were buy stuff, only looking around like I was.  None of the "cast" or staff that you see on the show were working the day I went, big surprise since I thought that they actually worked there everyday.  It makes me feel like they are just actors at this place.  It also feels like instead of selling the goods that they buy the only revenue they were making was from selling Chumlee swag.  There is an entire wall of Chumlee and Pawn Stars related material.The Ben:  If you see a line out the door leave.  If you need to pawn something go to another one.  If you want to buy from a pawn shop so down the street.  If you want your crap on tv or have a Pawn Star guy touch or call an expert on to get some information on your crap go here. Their store seems smaller and there was not a whole lot of interesting products, again just Chumlee stuff.
3	I watch the show, so I had to come.Line was a block long, but moved very fast.I was hoping to see somebody on Pawn Stars, but no luck this time around.
4	Just to make a point, DONT REVIEW THIS PLACE UNLESS YOUR ACTUALLY USING IT AS A PAWN SHOP. The good thing about this place is that they are open to buying stuff that has antique value. They actually have some really interesting stuff.The last time I went, they where low on stuff because the boys are out doing the road show, so if you wondered, thats where some of the goodies have gone. Shame that mortar is still there.For people who ACTUALLY want to sell/buy go later in the evening. They are more serious that way and you get more attention.Remember this isnt a sight seeing stop. Its a shop!
1	This place should be called TOURIST TRAP cus they barely operate as a pawn shop!I am actually a fan of the show but going there has really left a sour taste in my mouth.  I brought an autographed photo signed by the cast of All in the Family to try and sell.  When I bobbed and weaved my way through the crowds of tourists in this place I was directed to the loan counter.  There was a muscle head who asked me what I wanted to sell and as I showed him the photo, he interrupted me by saying, "We don't do anything with autographs!"  I was shocked, I asked him if this was still a Pawn Shop and he just gave me the look?  A fucking pawn shop that doesn't buy TV memorbilia...Hmmmmm.The owners/cast no longer work in the shop on a day to day basis.  One of the clerks told us that the crowds just get too crazy when they are there.  Okay I get it but maybe you should put that out for people to know before taking a $30 cab ride out there.  They film the show in the mornings and who knows how you get on it.  I didn't care about being on TV but I really did want to sell my picture.Avoid this place unless you want to buy fan apparel cus that is ALL this place is now.  Beware, the line to even get in the door can be long too.  Don't say you weren't warned!  Lame, lame, lame!
3	If it wasn't for the hit popularity of they're reality show I'd probably never go.  The decor is pretty much the show.  It's smaller than it looks on T.V. and there was no one from the show there the day we went.  Alot of stuff to look at, but nothing caught my eye.Pros:  Loved the large parking lot and ease of finding the place.  Lots of stuff to look at.Lots of show merchandise, but sadly overpriced.Cons:  No star's to be seen that day (let's get a schedule where at least one is there each day to sign autographs??? idea??).  Prices on some things were so outrageous and overpriced that you'd have to be crazy to buy.Definite stop if your in VEGAS!  Bring lots of cash if you plan on buying anything!  Don't be disappointed if there are NO stars from the show there when you go. :-(....IT'S VEGAS!!
3	love the show but the store was lacking a little..It was the the first pawn shop that i have ever been in that did not have lots of old crap that no one wants laying around. they have some cool stuff in here. but dont go in thinking that it is a normal pawn shop this place has more collectables type stuff. sad that i did not get to see and of the main guys from the show but thats cool..
1	I was vacationing in Vegas and because I LOVE the show I HAD to go to this pawn shop to check it out. I really wanted to see the cast members. Let me say that NONE OF THE CAST IS HERE. They don't need to be. They price the items to high that they won't ever sell and then they just hire some silly teens to sell tshirts and the cast stays home in bed. They must shoot this show at an entirely different location and use the sign and the store front as a ploy to make viewers think it's really shot here, You go inside and it is NOTHING like the TV show. It;s a little dingy dumpy place with teen girls selling T shirts. If you buy 3 you get a free prize! Ohhh what;s the prize you ask? A silly poster. Adults watch this show not kids. Adults don't want a poster. The outside is also NOTHING like it is in the show. The big parking lot that you see on TV isn't here at this location. The parking lot at this location is tiny and filled with  cheesy street vendors trying to take advantage of the shows popularity. I pity anyone who makes the trip to this shitty little pawn shop expecting to see any of the cast or expecting it to be like it is on TV. I'll still watch the show but now I'll know what a farse it is.
4	I was there last week and really saw some interesting items--some of which I have owned or still own--on sale there for really high prices.  Of course, they knock off about 20% it seems from the posted prices if they think you are a serious buyer I found.Since I was there before 9 am when they open, no line needed to form as there weren't all that many of us (maybe 15).  We got in right away.After hitting this shop I visited 4 other pawn shops in Vegas just to see what they have, and I have to say unless you are interested in jewelry, tools or electronic equipment there is nothing else to see.  Very disappointing.I can tell that what has happened is this store has gone into finding very unique/high quality items to sell, and probably the staff works from another location as the crazy tourists would drive them nuts in the day.  Makes sense to me totally as I would be in the back room or at home if I owned this shop and had a tv show, too.For those of us who have some knowledge of antiques and upscale items, this is the place to look in Vegas for sure.  I'm sure with their contacts they find many items for collectors that the public never gets to see.Interesting shop--despite it's small size--with many unique items to the trained eye.I have to admit I did kinda chuckle when I saw the build-out of their shop was loaded with tourist gifts.  Yeah, the public is that stupid to buy Chumlee t's and jackets I guess.Parking is plentiful in the lot attached to the building, so I have no clue what one poster was talking about when they said there was no parking.  There was a huge lot to the left of the building.Lots of help there, so don't get any idea about getting sticky fingers either.Is this worth the time to visit when in Vegas? Unless you are a collector or love/have knowledge of antiques and collectibles probably not.  You won't see the Old Man, Rick or anyone from tv there anymore...sorry.
3	Don't expect to see The Old Man, Rick, Corey, or Chumlee.   The place is more of a museum these days, complete with a bodyguard controlled line to enter.  You can still peruse (and buy!) the wares on display.  In addition, there is plenty of Pawn Stars souvenirs on sale - shot-glasses, I loves Chumlee mugs, t-shirts.  Still worth a quick trip, since the wait is only 10 minutes or so.
4	This is a great stop for any fan of Pawn Stars on the History Channel.  Now that they are famous, there is a line to get in so the shop does not get over crowded.  The line moves fast and we were inside after about 10 minutes of waiting.  Plus there are misters so you can keep slightly cooler while you wait.  Everything is just as it looks on the show, which was the highlight for me.  The shop is really small and all the pictures that are up on the walls are the same that are seen in the show.  The guys were not there, but I asked one of the girls if they ever came in except to shoot and she said, oh yeah, the come in.  Apparently, Rick is not her favorite person.  So after looking at everything in the shop, I purchased a shirt and a magnet with their logo on it.  They have a lot to chose from with nice designs and several sizes.  My roommate bought something from the pawn shop.  One of the only things in the store less than $15.  Their stuff is over priced, I doubt they make much money from the people coming into their shops.  I wanted to see something in a case and trying to get someone to open it was a mission.  The ring in question was marked at $80 and I wanted to haggle, but I knew that if I did I would have to buy it.  So I put it back.All in all a great experience, I recommend this as a fun and potentially free thing to do while in Vegas.  Next time I might come in much later so there could be less people.
5	A must-see whenever you're in town!Ever since Pawn Stars debuted, we've made a point of visiting the shop each time we're in Vegas.  The line might look daunting, but you'll get in pretty quickly.  Their inventory is ever-evolving and it's quite fun to see the merchandise they acquire while you're gone.  We've also seen several items that have appeared on the show, which is always fun.  During our first visit there we met the "Old Man."  While taking a photo with him, my husband asked, "So, did you ever imagine that you'd be famous?"  The Old Man took a good look at him and said, "I NEVER would have thought this would have happened."  That was right after the first season aired, and it still hadn't caught on as it has now.We haven't seen any of the show's characters since, but that short, intimate moment made it all worth while.  Eventually we'll even buy something so we're not just one of the many looky-loo's.Recently they added a standy (cut-out) of Rick and Corey so you can take photos with them even if they're nowhere to be seen.  If you happen to visit when none of your favorites are in-store, make sure to snap a photo with their paper doubles.  Check out the back room which is full of the really cool stuff - musical instruments, a cannon, and other large items.  They've definitely expanded the store over the last few years and it thrilled us to notice the change.  We're very happy that their business is booming!
3	I like watching Pawn Stars, but this experience was "aight". Some cool vintage stuff to check out, a lot of pricey items on display and a large Pawn Stars souvenir section. Who wouldn't want an "I 'heart' Chumlee" magnet, bobble head or a glass set with their faces on it? I was strong and resisted the tourist purchase. The experience and photos alone were enough souvenirs for me to take home with. The line outside wasn't too crazy, waiting just under 10 mins to get in. Definitely some cool stuff to check out. But definitely has become a tourist destination. There were at least a dozen pawn shops with in a few blocks radius, that probably don't have as much traffic and competitive. If you were serious at pawning or buying items. Might be wise to check out more than a few shops. Anyway, If you're a fan of the show, it's worth checking out. I may have given a higher rating if the guys were actually there to meet. Life of a celeb I guess. :)
2	If you like the show as I do it is really fun to visit.  Do not expect to see anyone from the show.  I have been there twice and can only afford shirts.  They are probally the must overpriced pawn shop in Vegas.  I saw many items they bought on the shows and most were marked up by a factor of 5.  They are really taking advantage of their fame.  I did not see anyone buying much but complaining about prices.  This is one of the best shows on History Channel but sad to see how fame has gone to their heads.
3	I expected a line (3-4 minutes) I didn't expect to see the cast of the show (I guess that would be a rare sighting) and I did expect to see quite a bit of touristy junk and some tacky gold--on all counts I wasn't disappointed.   It is what it is... still an old pawn shop but many of the items are quite unique... I guess that sets it apart from other pawn shops.   The girl who was in front of me in line sold them a ring that no longer has any "sentimental attachment"  She was happy.   I tried to sell them an old relic that my son wanted me to sell.  The guy I delt with was extremely nice but said the shop isn't interested in that kind of item.  Didn't surprise me (I know he wouldn't have given me what my son wanted anyway.   The shop is about a half a mile from the Stratosphere so if you are on that end of the strip you will be pretty close!    It is also super easy to find!   I would say it is worth the 20-30 minutes it will take you, just don't take your autograph book, you will be disappointed.  On the other hand if you like the spin-off show, American Restoration... go see  THAT Rick.  It is only a few blocks away and you will meet everyone who you see on TV.   All very friendly and still working hard at what they do... Chances are you will might have a better shot at meeting Rick Harrison and Chumlee there anyway 'cause they won't be in the pawn shop!
2	Ugh, some out of town friends really wanted to come here...so I gave in.  It was pretty much what I envisioned.  No sign of the "stars" and a bunch of crap in a pawn shop.  Yeah, maybe it's a little more upscale, they don't have 25 nail guns for sale, but it's still a pawn shop.  The inside was PACKED with people, and with a lot of people usually comes a lot of smells.  We made the rounds and got out in 10-15 minutes.  I will not be coming back here.Unless you are a huge fan of the show and really want to see some long lost piece of junk up close I would skip it.  Go to Fremont street and get a football full of beer instead.
3	My mom and I were in Vegas and she was telling me all about this new show she was watching about a pawn shop. Well, look who made the #1 child spot in her book...next day I took her to the real shop!My mom was so excited to see the store that she watches on tv. She said it looked just like the store, but none of the main people were there. They have a section for fans to buy the show merchandise. As far as a pawn shop goes (I think this was my first ever), it was a good size (although others say small) and narrow with lots of stuff. They have a lot of cases with jewelry, random things lining the walls, and it looked like things were in pretty good condition. We went on a Sunday when they opened so there wasn't a line to get in. However, it doesn't take too many people inside to make it feel very snug.
5	I got to be a background shopper on Season 4 episode 70 while my friend filmed for the show.  It was cool to go through the whole filming process, I got to meet Rick, Chumlee and the Old Man.   I even got a free T-shirt too whoohoo haha.  The shop was way smaller than I thought.  About 1/3 of the shop is designated for Pawn Stars merchandise.   They have Pawn Stars everything, key chains, full size posters, mugs pretty much anything you can put a logon on.  It was a cool experience.
2	Actually visiting the shop ruined Pawn Stars for me! This shop is so so so small! On the show it looks like it would be huge, I guess the camera adds square footage! Luckily when we went there wasn't a line, so we got in pretty quickly. None of the cast was out, so that was pretty disappointing. What they don't show you on the show is that 90% of their shop space is Pawn Stars merchandise! I'm sure that is how they make most of their money, but it kind of cheapened the experience.
5	I had a FABULOUS experience here!  My parents and I watch the show, and my dad really wanted to come here while we were in Vegas.  Also, he had lost his wedding ring (whoops!!) and he needed a replacement anyway, so he was going to keep his eyes peeled!So we got there about 20 minutes before opening time on Wednesday.  We were one of the first ten people in line, so we got in right away.  As we walked in the door, they told us "IN ABOUT 15 MINUTES, WE'RE GOING TO BE CLOSING FOR FILMING".  So my dad hurried up and went over to the rings.  He fell in LOVE with one of the first ones he saw.  There was a fantastic selection of men's wedding bands.  And so he bought a ring (and got to haggle on the price!!  He was thrilled!) and they were going to size it.  A different guy came back as we were all standing there and asked us "do you guys want to be extras on the show during filming?"Ummm....does a bear sh*t in the woods?!?!!So that was pretty amazeballs.  The whole process was neat to watch and I really had no idea what went behind an episode of the show.  It was a fantastic experience to be a *tiny* part of!!But overall, I thought the staff was really nice and efficient.  The woman that sold my dad his ring (Laura I think) was SO personable and sweet.  She talked about Chumley and the process of the actual store.  She was a fabulous person to talk to!When they were on the Leno show the other day they were joking around about the store saying it has turned into "a t-shirt shop with a pawn license", but I think it is SO much more than that!!
5	Loved it.  I know this place is on tv -- my gf and i are big fans of the show -- but remember, folks, this is a pawn shop.  Your expectation levels should be set accordingly.The shop is way out of the way, far north of the Strip, near Old Vegas.  You can certainly take a cab there, but also know that the Deuce bus will take you just a block or two walk from the shop.While we were there, we looked at everything from funky engagement rings to Super Bowl rings, with items that we had seen on the show mixed in.  Thanks to Rocco for some great service.  And make sure to check out the back room -- go past all the merchandise -- they have some cool stuff there.We lingered for a while, and actually got to be on the show!  This was about 2:30ish on a Friday afternoon.  And yeah, we got to see Chumlee!  Dude popped out for a few minutes, signed a few autographs, and didnt really say much.  Get the sense that the celebrity life is treating him well...A FEW THINGS TO KNOW:--there is always a line, but the staff really does make an effort to have it move quickly--the guys on the show are rarely out amongst the people.  They are, according to the regular staff, in the store Monday-Friday from 9-3 p.m.  So if you want to have a shot at seeing them, go then.  But for the most part, the four main characters stay working in the back (even when they are at the store) and out of sight from us tourists--Feel free to linger.  There is a rope line that divides the store, and it does well to keep people moving through.  But you can also linger, talk with the friendly staff, and not rush through the place.--If you happen to be in the store when they're starting to film -- you can be an extra!  but the best way to do it is to actually be looking at stuff, and talking with the staff.  They'll make a pretty concerted effort to clear everyone out, but if you linger around, talk with people, and look at the stuff -- and just stay -- you can be an extra.--If you're bringing stuff to pawn/sell, they are not taking sports stuff currently.  Go random, go non-sports, and i think you've got a better chance.
3	Yup, very little actual 'treasures' - tons of pawn stars memorabilia. I had a Corey sighting in the parking lot. The line moves quick. Just not too much to see.
3	Kind of disappointed because this is one of my favorite TV shows on.Ya I give it 3 stars just because I got to see it. Nothing exciting. No one from the tv show was there, and it was a tourist trap lol. I came from Hawaii to see the old man dammit. Just kidding Haha. Was ok though gf bought a Chumlee t shirt and we took a few pics. We didn't have to wait long to go in, maybe. 10 mins at 12 noon. Thank god because it was over a 100 degrees out. I forgot the name but we shared my first Chicago dog at a stand right out of the pawn shop. 5 stars to them. :PVisited Aug 2011
4	I was there yesterday with a coworker around 4:30pm and luckily there was not a line to get in nor was it crazy busy so we were able to take it all in and talk to the workers there.  We learned so much about how the show is filmed and whatnot and it was too bad we were there so late, we could've been extras on the show since they actually did film things that day.  I was told the guys work there M-F from 9am-3pm but mainly stay in the back so as to not be hounded by the thousands of gawkers that come daily like myself.  So, if you want to be on TV, you had bring something worthy to be shown on TV and be charming enough to get through their weeding process or get there early enough to be extra if you are lucky enough to be there on a day they are shooting.  They had a fair amount of touristy things, and I don't care...I got myself a pawn stars t-shirt...and proud of it.  They didn't have a huge store, but i still enjoyed all the great memorabilia and even got to hear some of the stories about how they obtained said treasures just like if i was watching the show at home.  What a great experience and would recommend to any Pawn Stars fan!
2	better call ahead and check to see if they're filming on the day you want to stop by...lines can be crazy long and you may have made the trip out there from the strip for nothing! (note: you can take the strip downtown/express or duece to get out there and then walk a couple blocks...)
5	This place is the bomb! Had so much fun.  First, the people who complain about this place are nuts.  If you have seen one pawn shop you have seen them all? Not here, no way.  How many pawn shops do you know carry 1881 colt 45 revolvers for sale?  How many pawn shops have never before released photos of Jimmy Hendrix hanging on the wall for sale? How many pawn shops have people lined up for a block to get in? oh and Super Bowl rings for sale? Nuf said.  If you like the show, like the business of pawn and like the guys you will love this place.  I came from Cincinnati and sold a gold ring and got 40% more than a gold party would offer me.  will you get to see th guys.  Maybe.  We saw Big Haus and the Old Man.  Best to come weekdays from 9-4.  Good selection of items to look through.  Rocco helped me buy a the aforementioned colt 45 and he was super cool.  All the people who we waited in line with were very friendly.  Shady part of town?  Maybe if you live in the Hanptons and have never left your house. I say where do you wanted it located? Duh.  yes they sell gifts.  I call this good business.  I will be back again!
1	I wanted to go to check it out because I like the show.  There was NO FREAKIN WAY I was waiting in that line.  I left.  My buddy was a die hard however and stayed.  He said nothing inside was for sale except for T-shirts and crap.  SURPRISE!  Another Vegas lie.
3	Me and my wife went to Las Vegas last year for our Honeymoon and I was a huge fan of the Pawn Stars show so we made it a point to make sure we definitely visit the shop.Going to the store, I knew from the beginning that A. I cannot expect Rick, Hoss, OldMan or Chum Lee to be there as they are extremely busy folks.  B. The place probably doesn't look like it does on TV.BIG UNDERSTATEMENT.   The place was very small, even for a pawn shop.. Had mostly TV show related merchandise for sale and some jewlery.  There were a few artifacts in display cases and elsewhere but nothing that really grabbed my attention.  We walked around looking at stuff, bought a shot glass and when we were checking out, I asked the clerk at the counter how she likes working there, she told me she 'FFin' hates it.  I was like.... Ok.   As we're getting ready to leave the store, I look over in the direction of a counter that says 'No photography in this direction' and there's Rick Harris standing there.  I walked up to him and said 'Hey, you probably get this alot, but I just wanted to say I enjoy your show'... He smirks and says a very stern 'Thanks' and as Im walking away, his fat ugly bouncer starts mocking me 'Hey rick I really like your show, hahahaha' and Rick starts laughing with him.  That was totally embarassing for someone to do to a patron.All in all... The place blows.  I'll continue watching the show because its actually fiction, but at least I know the real place is crap.
1	what a bunch of losers went in too sell some silver .999 and they did not want it and i also had a 2010 green bay packers team signed Superbowl football with all paperwork and they said they don't buy sports memorabilia   its call gold and silver?  and dint want silver wtf  i have seen on there fake show them buying these types of items   and the tool at the pawn counter  acted like it was such a bother to look at my items  what i joke   sold my silver and football at a real pawn shop for  $4500
4	Went here with a friend in 2011. Kind of disappointed to find out the cast only works Monday thru Friday. It was very busy. Not like on the show where there is nobody inside.
3	Stopped by on a Friday evening in September 2010.  None of the dudes were around, but couldn't blame them.  They are probably sick of stupid mofos trying to meet them.  The shop was small and there was a lot of show merchandise.  Like a schmuck I bought a Chumlee coffee cup and some Old Man merch.  This was more of a souvenir move, though, because I couldn't find anything to buy.  Everything was pretty spendy, although in hindsight I could have bought a casino token or whatever they're called.  I was hoping to find something cool for relatively cheap, but seriously, there's not that much to look at in terms of shopping.  It was cool to check it out as a novelty and see some of the motorcycles and stuff from the show in the back.  As it was a Friday evening in September, there was no line at all.  You will definitely feel the eyes of the bouncers on you.
4	Took a cab from the strip about 15 minutes and $20.  Waited outside about 20 minutes, apparently they were taping an episode.  Got in and saw a lot of items seen on tv as well as a bunch of pawn star merchandise.  Delighted to find so many items devoted to Chumley- tee shirts, magnets, shot glasses, bracelets, note books, etc.none of the tv characters were there but we had a great time.
3	SURPRISE!  There was a line!We came on a weekday, and heard the people from the show aren't there during the week, so we weren't expecting to see anyone.  Once we got inside, we just kind of browsed, like pretty much everyone else inside.  They had a rope set up in the middle so all the people could walk through without complete chaos.  Most of the stuff "for sale" was totally overpriced and more for just looking.  I saw a couple things from the show.They have tons of merchandise for sale if that kind of thing is what you're looking for.  Tons of Chumlee shirts and other items.  They have a "NO PHOTOGRAPHY" area... which is where you pay and where the people from the show would be.  Cool to say I've been, but there's no reason for me to go back.
2	Personally to me not worth the wait outside but interesting to see it in real life. The cast was of course not there and it looks just like any other pawn shop.
1	Sure the guys their are on TV. Of course when its being filmed they try and make it look like it is a very nice pawn shop. When you get their it is way diffrent... Frankly it is a dump with not much of anything for sale.Although you can find a ton of pawn stars merchandise for sale.  Seriously it must take up 30% of the store.
3	Love the show, but sorry I wasted my time to go check the place out. I went on a Friday afternoon, so there was no line to get in (that would have only added to my disappointment). Like others have said, it's nothing like what you see on TV. Not gonna bust balls and give them a 1 Star review though, because it's pretty much what I expected...A crappy pawn shop, with none of the TV personalities in attendance.
1	We were so disappointed, and not that we expected to see the famous "family" or Chumlee, but it was so not what you see on TV. The shop is a dump for the most part and much smaller, darker, and dustier than it looks on TV. We waited in line outside for about 20 minutes as they send you inside as people leave to avoid a zoo atmosphere. One-half of the store is filled with Pawn Stars promotional garbage like mugs, shirts, posters and bobble heads. I asked one of the gentlemen behind the jewelry counter where everything is and he said a few blocks away but you won't be able to go there. Other than seeing the Superbowl ring display in the jewelry case, I was not impressed with any of the merchandise on hand.  Apparently, you have to have a "black" card to lay your hands on the really cool stuff!  I guess the only glimpse I'll ever get of those is from watching Pawn Stars on TV from the comfort of my own home.P.S. I hear the guys are usually there on Monday and Friday.
2	It's a tourist trap.  Don't get me wrong, I love the show, but visiting the shop certainly put the show into context.  I'm shocked they can shoot around all the merchandise in the back half of the store.  I didn't expect to see Chumlee (awesome as that would have been), but I was looking forward to selling something to one of the staff to play the negotiating game.  I was informed of the price and told that they were so popular now, they didn't have to negotiate anymore.  I could have gotten a better price anywhere else.  It's really sad that they've become so popular that they resent their customers.
1	I took a 1938 Kalamazoo Gibson guitar to Pawn Stars. The tv celebrities no longer work the counters. I got a bonehead that could only work by using a catalog. The catalog couldn't find my guitar. Probably because it's very rare, and old. They sent me to Cowtown Guitars that had just moved, and were closed for the week. What a total waste of time. It was clear that they were only worried about commission, and instead, I went back home with my guitar. As far as the store goes, it's packed with looky loos, and 2 counters worth of stuff really means this is just a simple pawn shop.
1	This place is a dump. 90 percent is filled with shirts, mugs, and other pawn stars  merchandise. Had to wait in line outside for about 10 minutes. Went inside and the little things that they were selling were all complete ripoffs. Nothing in this store would be of any value whatsoever unless you like paying at least 5 times what the item is worth. YOu won't see anybody on the show here either. Summary-Ripoff and WAY overpriced-Won't see tv strs here-Place is a dump-Bad location
4	cool to see where the show is filmed but i thought it would be bigger.
3	I am a big fan of the show and wanted to see the shop.  I was in Vegas for St. Patty's day and decided to stop by.There was a short line and it moved very quickly. I recognized a few items bought on the show.  I was disappointed in the jewelry selection, just overpriced items that I wouldn't buy at any price.  In other words, a typical pawn shop.The place looks bigger and cleaner on TV.  Don't expect to see the guys, but it is still a cool place to visit as a fan.
3	Place was really small, and most of the sales floor is now for TV merch. I am not going to hate on them, the show is what brought us here, but I would have expected a bit more pawn shop and a lot less merch. That said, we left with two Chumlee t-shirts, so they are doing something right. They were filming while we were there, but the guys were not there yet. We were told that they would be there later in the afternoon, but we were headed back to Phoenix and I was not willing to wait around to meet someone that probably did not want to be bothered anyway so we headed out. All in all it was a cool experience, and it will be cool watching the new episodes now that we have been there. I probably would not go back to the store on future trips, but it was fun for this once. I was going to head out by Ricks Restorations but decided we would just head home.
4	I wanted to make this my last stop yesterday before I left Vegas. I loved the TV show and have always wanted to see whats inside. I went not expecting to see anyone from the TV show and I was right. The girl at the counter was telling everyone they had just left on spring break for 2 weeks and would be back after that. The shop is a lot smaller in person so that was slightly disappointing. Also most items where not for sale in the back. You will still see quite a few items in the show, Lots of souvenirs from the show that could be picked up at a reasonable price.
2	Disappointing :(I finally get a chance to visit Pawn Stars! and there was no Pawn Stars to be seen...When we first arrived, the line went all the way to the end of the block. But I was determined to get in there no matter how long the wait was! And you know what? The line moved pretty quick :) We were in there in less than 20 minutes. The shop was pretty small. A good section of it was dedicated to merchandising for the show. There were various items on display. Those that were featured on the show had a little tag next to it saying "As seen on the show"I'm ok with all of this: the line and the merchandising. So why the 2 STARS? When you go to Disneyland, you expect to see Mickey, or Minnie, or Donald, or any of the Disney characters for that matter. I'm not a hardcore fan, but I did make it a point to check their website to make sure that they were in town in hopes to see them at the pawn shop. I'm not saying I have to see ALL of them, but it would have been nice to see at least one of them ( instead of a cardboard cut out ). *sadface* After all, THEY are the ones that made the place (and the show) what it is.
3	I had to come to see this place because not only do I like Pawn Stars, but I also like a good pawn shop.  I love looking at used/vintage merchandise and shopping. There was a line, but it moved really quickly.  It was very crowded in the store and half of it is now devoted to merchandising and there were far less cool items than I thought there would be.  Seems like the place probably has gone downhill since the show became so huge. Didn't see any of the Pawn Stars here-- just a ton of other workers.  I had to wait to see them at the club later that night which I found amusing.
3	1p.  When there's a hot dog stand and 3 cabs waiting in the parking lot, it's officially a tourist spot in Vegas. What they need are cut outs of the Pawn Star guys for all the people posing for pictures under the famous Gold and Silver Pawn Shop sign. Why am I here? Because it's still early and I need to keep away from the tables.About the place. while Rick and Chum Lee are the stars, the regular guys working there are pretty chilled. They actually do pawn, buy and sell stuff.We checked out a pair of Art Deco platinum and diamond opera glasses; but passed on its pricey price tag.  How pricey? As in thousands pricey.We left wondering who would pawn such a piece?  Celine the Queen needed some extra cash and cashed them out?  Next time i'm in Vegas, I'm going to ask about the opera glasses.
3	Laughing at some of the reviews from people who felt cheated. I'm not sure what some people expect, but I got exactly what I wanted out of this experience, a way to kill about a half hour. If I had to pay for round trip cab fare from the strip or wait twenty minutes in line, it wouldn't have been worth it.Walk through, snap a photo of the sign, and move along.
2	If you like long lines, and disappointment, this is the place for you.As a minor fan of the show I decided it would be pretty cool to stop by and check the place out. The show is pretty interesting, (even if it is mostly faked and scripted) and being a Vegas local, I thought it would be a cool pay to kill a couple hours.I rolled up around 2pm and saw a line of tourists which wrapped around the store. The store front itself looks just like the one on the show and has no mention of Pawn Stars. Fortunately, the line moved quick and I got in with 20 minutes. The shop itself was very small and somewhat unkept. Random things were piled behind the counters. Looks like they don't care to keep it clean when they aren't filing any episodes. Like a few other people mentioned, there really isn't much for sale. In fact, the interior is like a typical pawn shop, few weapons, jewelery, instruments and the like. If I did not go in knowing that this was the Pawn Stars shop, I probably would have thought it was just another generic pawn shop. They didn't have much in the ways of cool an exotic collectibles or rare trinkets. They did have a pretty big section for souvenirs. Though I would hate to admit it, it seems more like a tourist trap. Get in, take a few pictures, move along,
4	I love Pawn Stars and this was an unexpected visit on a day trip to Las Vegas. We were told there would be a long line. We were lucky we came at the right time. No long line and we quickly entered. The place was obviously a crowded tourist stop with taxis and a hot dog stand outside. Nice quick visit just to say "been there, done that" while in Vegas.
4	I'm sure this place was just like every other pawn shop before the History Channel came calling.  But now that Pawn Stars has made this place famous, it's not just any pawn shop.  Now, it's a tourist destination, with hordes of out-of-towners just wanting to get a look.With that in mind, I recommend coming by before 11 AM.  We came in around 10:30, found parking in the lot and were able to walk in without any problems.  The store was already a little crowded, but we were able walk around and look at everything.  There were several items labeled "As seen on Pawn Stars," which I found funny, as anyone who watches the show (like me) would know this already!There were several items that I was curious about, but didn't bother to ask, as I knew that I didn't have the cash to buy.  Some of my favorite items were a 2007 WSOP Circuit Ring and several different sports championship rings.  If I ever have oodles of cash to spend, I'll be coming by to purchase several of these items.For ordinary folks, there were plenty of souvenirs to purchase.  I bought a t-shirt and a magnet.  And I didn't have to pawn anything for it.By the time we left the place, it was a little after 11 AM, and there was a long line of folks waiting to get in.  Again, show up around 10 AM!
3	Like most of the other reviewers I did not get to meet any of the guys on the show but unlike most of them I was pretty much expecting that outcome.  I still wanted to see the shop and take an old campaign button in to possibly sell.  There was a small line when we arrived but it moved quickly and we were inside in maybe 10 or 15 minutes.  I was surprised by the size of the shop, I guess the camera not only adds 10 pounds but 10,000 feet as well.  It just goes to show that a good camera crew can make things appear any way they want them to for T.V.  The shop was still pretty interesting to browse through, and I did get to see the awesome ring gun from the show that my cheap skate husband refused to buy me.... I think he was afraid I might accidentally shoot him with it ;) There is a lot of "Pawn Stars" merchandise for sale in there as you might expect.  I was a little disappointed that the guy I talked to about my campaign button knew nothing about it and had to basically look it up on eBay to estimate its worth.  I guess most pawn shop employees don't know as much about everything and anything as the guys on the show seem to (of course that's still T.V.), and maybe that's a little much to expect realistically.  Overall I'm glad I visited the shop and I would go back if I were in the area and had something I wanted to sell or pawn, but probably not to just do the tourist thing.
5	Its where all the action is!!! The best!!!
3	Sold some old WWII memorabilia here. I'm pretty sure we didn't get the best deal on the planet, but its neat to say I've actually pawned something here, and it was more fun than selling it on e-bay. This place is fun for the novelty value, but I don't think I'd come back. The lines are insane and it is pretty far from the Strip.
3	Eh...it's a pawn shop...in Vegas...where a History Channel TV series is shot.Many items are spectacularly over-priced: coins, gold, silver, jewelry...etcetera.Way over-priced musical instruments, no real selection of music gear at all.Lots of tacky "Pawn Stars merchandise"...tee shirts, mugs, bobble head dolls, keychains, stickers.A few cool treasures to be spied, but no real deals at all...expect to pay way more than top dollar!
2	Very disappointed! It's exactly what you expect to find in a pawn shop. Only difference is, they just happen to be famous because their shop is on the History channel. Here's a typical day at this place. When you pull up to their building, it's recognizable cuz of what you see on tv. Otherwise it looks just like any other pawn shop place anywhere else.  If you see people lined up outside to get in, chances are you won't find any parking. Wait times vary from 30 mins to an hour (Come on, really? For a pawn shop? SMH). At least if you are in line they have those water sprinkler thingies that spray out mists of water to keep you cool. (about the only positive thing I think). Once you get to the door, there is usually a rude security guy that tells you where to go. When you get in, there is a divider in the middle that directs the flow of traffic like an oval track at a raceway. You will see various items (mostly overpriced). You can stop and look but only if you are actually interested in purchasing something is when the attendants behind the counter will actually talk to you. You'll be lucky if whoever helps you knows anything about what is in the glass cases. I think these people were hired mainly just to make sure nobody does a smash and grab. About halfway down towards the back are mostly pawn shop souvenirs. From what I saw it was mainly Chumlee souvenirs. Why? Go figure. Then you basically do a U-turn and you are on your way out. The most bogus thing about this place is the hours of operation. Outside it says 24 hours but you soon find out when you show up late at night that only the pawn shop portion of the place is open 24/7. That means if you have actual merchandise you wanna sell or pawn, you can come in. The portion I mentioned earlier, the day I went that section closed at 9 pm. So if you are just a tourist, the rude security guard at the entrance will announce the store section is now closed, if you are not here to sell or buy any actual display items, then get out. Only the pawn shop section is open 24 hours. I suggest you call them first before you go there because they might be filming or have changed their hours.As for the actual Pawn Stars people. Don't get too excited. These guys dont actually man the counters. They are usually in the back doing whatever. That is if they are actually there. I was told they only show up for filming and occasional courtesy visits. People tell me that Rick and his old man are really anal if you just happen to catch them. They tend to blow you off thinking they dont have any time for you and that they have more important things to do. Chumlee is a little more receptive and laid back. You'll be lucky if any of these guys even know you are standing there. They got their show so I think that's why they don't care too much for "tourists".So overall, don't waste your time. I live here so that's why I gave them 2 stars. Yes it's a tourist spot but if you really need to check it out then I suggest you include this on your way to Fremont Experience. It sucks if you paid money for a cab only to be disappointed especially if your hotel and points of interest are off of the main strip.  If you are visiting from out of town, hopefully you have read this first BEFORE you went out there. Otherwise, if you are reading this while in line or afterwards, you will probably give it only 1 star.
3	Took a cab ride from the Strip to check out the pawn shop, as I'm a big fan of the show. We only waited 10-15 minutes to get in, but unfortunately didn't get to see any of 'the guys'. Though the pawn shop seemed fairly busy, I don't feel like the staff rushed us through or anything. I'm not sure this was worth $40 in cab fares, but it's a neat stop otherwise.
1	We walked there from the California Hotel & Casino, on June 8, 2012.  Didn't think the walk was too bad.  There was a line outside but once we got inside some guy behind one of the counters announced that we all had to leave because they were going to be doing filming for the new season.  I was pissed because we already walked that far.  So, we walked to the Stratosphere Casino & Hotel to stop for drinks.  Well, that was another mile and a half.  After having couple of drinks (and we were thirtsy after all the walking) we took a cab back to the pawn shop.  We walk in and I was gathering a couple of souvenirs.  Well, 5 minutes later the same guy announced again that everyone had to leave because they were going to be filming again.  I wasn't about to leave unless they threw me out.  The main characters of the show are not there.  It is a small shop with about 12 employees.  The items they had were really not that impressive.  People that go there do not buy pawned items.  They buy souvenirs to take home and let others know they were there.  I think the show got to the guy's heads.  They shoud be out there greeting folks and doing the welcoming thing instead they hide out somewhere not to be found.  I'd never go there again.  Not worth it.
2	Sorry, but this place was super disappointing! We spent a good couple of hours round trip checking this place out and I would not do it again. I was not expecting to see any of the TV personalities, but I was expecting this place to have some interesting items to peruse.  This was not the case, the shop is fairly run down and dirty. The best kept, largest section was the "Pawn Stars"  merchandise section that for some reason dosen't show up on the TV show! I would not seek this place out or wait in-line if you are looking for anything more than a tour of where the TV show is shot!
3	5/27/12The BF and I are big Pawn Stars fans..so we were more than happy to check this place out while in Vegas...it looks just as on tv..i think it looks nicer on the show than in real life...LOL they seemed to have a lot of t.v. souvenirs to sell..Chum Lee shirts, magnets, cups, etc...the items for sale were interesting but nothing that caught my eye...And the day we went we were told the main folks were in South Carolina...shrug..oh wells...all I ended up getting were pencils...and some photos...
2	I would have given more stars because it was a cool experience going there, but when i got home to NY i researched the vintage "Hummel" figurine i bought, and it was a knockoff made in "occupied Japan."  It was listed at $100 with the word "Hummel" right on the tag and on the sales slip, but i talked them down to $75 thinking i got a good deal.  Apparently the max it's worth is $20 to $30 but i've seen similar ones on ebay for $5 to $10.  My boyfriend bought a 1 oz silver piece for $48 which apparently is worth $30 to $35. Not as big of a ripoff  as mine though and it's nice.  I thought at the least they'd be honest about what they were selling in terms of the Hummel figurine, and i thought they were experts who would know this.  I do like the figurine but just feel duped and that ruins their credibility for me.  It's one thing to over-price things, but when on top of that you are falsely advertising that is pretty low.
2	Its a pawn shop. Nothing special, just over priced. But when I was looking to sell an item, the guy helping me was a jerk. Flat out. I was shocked when he was so rude! Sheesh! Ill watch it on tv but sure as hell wont go back!
3	Believe it or not, the one thing on our Vegas must-do list was to visit the gold and silver pawn shop. My boyfriend, family and I have been watching Pawn Stars for a while now and we were excited to visit the shop.  We came on a Sunday afternoon around 2:00 p.m. and the place was busy-ish, but not too crowded. The store isn't really all that big, but there is plenty of stuff to look at. It seemed like most of the people there were browsing, like we were.  There were some items that were marked "as featured on pawn stars," too. They have lots of jewelry, watches, some weapons, artwork, etc.In addition to the usual pawn shop offerings, the store featured a good amount of products promoting each of the "characters" from the show. They have "old man" silver coins, cast member plates, chum lee blankets, and much much more. It's not that amazing, but I found it pretty interesting- it's worthwhile if you're a fan of the show.
2	At the beginning and the end of the day, it's still just a dirty old pawn shop with nothing even remotely interesting unless you really MUST have that Chumlee 4 Pres shirt.Let me go ahead and tell you that you don't. You really, REALLY don't. If you want to see COOL old Vegas stuff that's not in a pawn shop, go to Lost Vegas which is one block down the street instead.
4	Free thing to do in Vegas!  Oh Yes!Arrived at 12:30'ish... The line was 50 deep... But it went quickly.  We were in 15 mins.   In side there are lots of cool stuff.  Historical pieces like guns and swords that my kids loved and asked the guy behind lots of questions.   There are a variety of pawn star shits for $20.   I wish there were ladies type shirts.  Uninterested in t-shirts, mugs,& shot glasses... I headed towards the jewelry section.  There are super bowl rings, Rolex, & diamond rings.  Price tags were pretty hefty.  Still perusing the shop for a souvenir, I sighted sterling silver jewelry by the door.  I asked about a Fleur de Leis pendant...(Boy Scout Mom)  it was surprisingly affordable at $45.  Hey I drop that easily at the black jack table.  It was my perfect souvenir :-)As we left the store, the line was now a 100 people deep.   Folks were dropping off the line and considering venturing off o Fremont Street a few blocks away.   I say, the line is deceptively quick and a cool experience.   Too bad the Pawn Stars weren't there.... We were told It's 4th of the July week and they were out the whole week.
3	Strange. When you see this place on TV, it looks like a real pawn shop. In reality it's just a t-shirt and souvenir store. Nothing wrong with that I guess. But don't come here thinking that you'll see interesting items, TV show stars, or anything else even remotely associated with the show other than "I love Chumlee" stickers.
2	I have been doing the thrift store and second hand thing now for almost 40 years and frankly, this place did nothing for me. Sure, it was cool to see the place in person, but once inside, i saw nothing that impressed me or that I could not find anywhere else. Hell, I did not even see the stars of this goofy show.  What really pissed me off - and I mean literally, was the fact that they could not even offer bathroom service. What bums. All the money they make off fans of the show and their crappy stuff, you would think they would at least make it easy to take a wizz after a long day of drinking. Don't waste your time. Their show is all staged anyway. But if you have to go, don't wait in line. There is nothing worth standing in line for, except maybe a bathroom I guess, which by the way is an out house around the corner.
3	Being local I have avoided this as I was pretty sure it was a setup for selling swag. It is.. LOL. My nieces were in town and wanted to see the store. So I said sure I would take them in for a look. Now it was really what I expected but I live here so I didn't blow $40 on a cab or anything but I would have been kinda miffed had I went way out of my way. Its really a super small pawn store, with a big Pawn Stars merchandise section. Kinda funny, kind of not. However, on a side note: Hit Don Vicente's across the street for a smoke. It is the best in town!
2	I was really hoping to see the guys there, but it must have been a bad time or they were outta town.We saw lots of things there that were purchased on the show, although the prices they put on some of those items on the show were VERY marked up. There was a gun worth 8-10K and it was valued much less on the show.
3	They close at 9pm with a 24 hour window after that.  So if you're hoping to pop in late just to say you did, check their hours first.
3	We went on a Sunday evening around 8:00.  No line - we got right in.  Lots of interesting things to see.  Didn't see any of the Pawn Stars as it was a holiday week.  Interesting to see if you watch the show.  We picked up some Tshirts and a coffee cup.  What was really funny was they were selling dollar bills with stickers of the faces of the guys covering George Washington for $9.  Someone in front of us was actually buying one.  What a waste of money.
4	Having just moved to Vegas my boyfriend and I decided to stop on by early this Monday afternoon thinking there wouldnt be a line. Well of course there was lol but fortunately it wasn't that hot and the line went through very quickly. They had a lot of cool things in the store. The amount of antiques was a lot less than I had anticipated, but the few guns and swords they had on display were amazing. They had a lot of beautiful art on the walls and shelves full of all sorts of things. Very large section devoted to the souvenirs of course. Jewelry had no historical mentions and the watches were rare and crazy expensive. Staff was very friendly but none of the tv stars. Locals don't have to wait in line!! I will definitely be back again with more money maybe we can make a deal
1	It has been said by many before me, but skip the line and keep on walking to a casino. When I went, the line was wrapped around the block and they weren't letting anyone in. No news on when they would let anyone in so we waited for 10 minutes, then decided to bail. I had heard the guys on the show don't even show up except for filming but it still would've been nice to pop in for a photo or two if the line wasn't so long.
2	I don't get the all the hype.I'm from Vegas so maybe that is why it doesn't phase me like the tourists coming through.We had some friends visiting in town who watch the show "Pawn Stars" and they wanted to check it out so we took them.The line wrapped around the building. A lot of the people said they weren't even pawning or selling or even looking to buy anything they just wanted to see the "stars" of the show.  Well, I laughed but hey that is the exact same reason my friends who came to town wanted to stop in.I did however laugh my butt off that people who flew here JUST to "strike it rich" and pawn off what they thought was worth millions. The show has filled peoples minds with promise I think.Well, it took 45 minutes but we made it inside. It was just an average pawn shop nothing special. The people from the show weren't there and from what I have heard they are mostly only there for taping the show anyway.They had some gimmicky merchandise for sale with "Pawn Stars" on it and a coin for the "Old Man"  which I am sure tourists will eat up. they were also selling hot dogs outside LOL!I don't see going back it was small and too crowded and smelled like armpits.
2	Lame. Looks much bigger and more interesting on tv.
1	I went looking for battletoads, as I have an extensive collection. They were quite rude, and had no idea about any major battletoad basics.Many other pawnshops have battletoads, I recommend you keep looking!
1	One of my friends always makes the worst suggestions. I didn't really choose to go to this place, but he thought it would be awesome to go.Parking was decent, which was really the only thing that was a plus. The store was cramped, it smelled horribly, and the air conditioning was dead. The latter is the most disappointing because when there's no space to move, in Las Vegas weather in an extremely boring store, there's not much reason to stay. There wasn't much to see in the Pawn Shop. We were in an out in less than 5 minutes and there didn't seem to be much staff to assist anybody either. Every item was way overpriced as well. If you come to Vegas, don't come here, you will regret it, as I have, and always will.
2	I feel sort of wrong for reviewing this spot since I didn't pawn or buy anything, but it's a landmark tourist attraction since they've got that damn show, so I felt like making a stop. Lucky me, there was no line to get in at all, and plenty of parking in the lot. It's, uh, it sure is... small in here. Honestly, you probably think this place has some size to it if you're a fan of the show. It does not. You could probably stretch Chumlee's underwear and hit all four corners of the room. The back half of the store is nothing but crap they're hocking for the show. The rest of what I saw was high priced and pretty unspectacular. Be sure to keep an eye out for the "As Seen On TV" stickers, as this likely indicates an item you're about to pay double for. Oh, and if you think you're going to walk in here on a non-filming day and see anyone from the cast, think again. They get paid to shoot TV footage, not actually work here.
2	really excited to go see the store but wasn't impressed at all..  they had really cool items in the store but the place looked like a dump. the showcases are all beat up . from all the money they make in that store they need to renovate the entire store and it's a lot smaller then I expected it to be. also I was upset that no one from the show was there to take pics or anything.
1	Went there an hour ago, 15 min before closing, yes they are not open 24 hours, I tried selling them some cool shit and some dumbass kid told me no on everything...he can suck it...
2	as seen on TV. However, the guys are not always there, typically only when they are filming.If you want to stop by, go when it's rainy, otherwise you will encounter a LONG line in the blitzing sun to get in.
3	Fun to see and get some pictures, that's about it. I couldn't find any rusty over-priced stuff that really piqued my interest.
2	They have pretty interesting stuff. If it wasn't for the show, Pawn Stars, I wouldn't go here. There's a section in the store you can buy show merch.How come the hours listed on Yelp says "9am to 9pm"? when the sign outside Gold and Silver Pawn says "Open 24 hours"?
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I would.I am a Las Vegas local and I deal with a lot of incompetent employees all the time, but this was hair that broke the camel's back. I just had to finally sign up to yelp to post a review about this place and the way one employee in particular has been dealing with customers.Today I went there to sell a pair of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles skis because I could not find anything about them online and I thought that Gold and Silver actually cared about having items that were RARE and COLLECTIBLE. Upon first arriving at the counter I was greeted by a guy named Javier who was very pleasant. Next I am bombarded with attitude from an employee named Preston over the item I brought in. Preston is an average looking, young-ish dude with a blonde buzz-cut and a chip on his shoulder.It is pretty unbelievable that a shop that apparently deals with all kinds of historic and valuable items has an employee working for them that DOESN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT YEAR THE NINJA TURTLE WERE CREATED!!! Seriously, this guy was arguing with myself and 2 of his colleges saying that they were created 30 or 40 years ago! Aside from that fact, the entire time he was arguing and saying to one female employee "Look it up then.", he kept repeatedly picking up the ringing phone and hanging it up intentionally to avoid the calls. He also insisted that my skis were fake, which they most certainly were not. After "Mr. Know it All" finally looked up when the Ninja Turtles were started and that he was wrong, he walked away in childish defeat.I was then able to finish talking to Javier about my skis and how awesome they were. He was unable to find anything about them online, so he said he couldn't make an offer and I left.This is not the first time I have dealt with Preston and his attitude. About 2 months ago, my boyfriend and I took a few vintage lunch boxes into Gold and Silver to sell and were met with the same pompous and rude attitude from him.It was the exact same situation where we were being helped by Javier and Preston decides to be disagreeable for no reason. While Javier was looking up the lunch boxes for us, Preston was standing behind him looking over his shoulder commenting on the prices they were seeing on the screen. Javier turned the screen to show my boyfriend and I what they were selling for online and we saw between $14-$20 for the one he was looking up. Javier then turned to Preston and said "So $10 then" to which he replied "They are only selling for $10". It is obvious now that Preston is an idiot and didn't realize that we weren't blind and could see the prices on the screen. My boyfriend then pointed at 2 on the screen and told him that they were both going for more. To which Preston replied "no, they are going for $10". My boyfriend then asked him "So will you give me $10 for that one?" and Preston said with a RIDICULOUS ATTITUDE "No. WE..DO NOT..want any of YOUR STUFF". This was after Javier had only looked up one of the lunch boxes and Preston was not happy that his word was being questioned. My boyfriend told him he was abrupt and he said back, "It doesn't matter. You don't need to be asking the same question a million times". Next thing you know, My boyfriend and I are having security called on us because a disgruntled employee on a power trip doesn't know how to deal with human beings that are smarter than him.This guy thinks he knows everything about every item that walks through the door and HE DOESN'T KNOW A DAMN THING!! If you dare to argue with him, he will have you thrown out of the shop!Preston is repeatedly rude to customers I am convinced he is losing Gold and Silver Pawn LOTS OF MONEY AND CUSTOMERS.I am really hoping this review does not get passed up by managment and someone has a LOOOOONG talk with Preston about how OBNOXIOUS he is.Also, Javier should be given a raise for having to deal with him all day,
2	Everything is way overpriced. Smells pretty bad do to the large amount of people in the store and if your going to just see the stars than you better try and figure out when they are shooting because they are never there unless they are shooting obviously.
5	This place was very cool.  Crowded with people but still awesome.  Anyone that gives this pawn shop a bad review are just plain idiotic.  Come check this place out.
1	The only reason people visit this place is because of the tv show. If it weren't for the tv show this place would be like any other pawn shop. If you think you're going to go to vegas and meet the cast you are highly mistaken. Since they're paid celebrities now there is no need for them to be there. The pawn shop itself is nothing grand either. The only disappointment of going to Las Vegas
3	Went for the same reason everyone does, just because of the show. Went on a Wednesday morning and there was no line to wait. The inside was a bit crowded, but much smaller then most people would think. A few items that were on the show were there for sale. Otherwise there is mostly merchandise and a few cases of old antiques and whatnot. The only cool part was the guy who is on the show with the county museum (wears the big hat and has a long beard).
3	Son wanted to go see CHUMLEE. OK I'm down, I think that show is great!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3T0Erqk1MKtN58764yZMfw?select=YHmXTp3TiTzuNWkGZYmHow#EVmEDC6HKZ2KAqfq00cucAI told him don't be surprised if we don't see chum or the old man (my favs). And of course they were on vacation.We get there, no lines but its pretty busy inside. Usual pawnshop stuff, mostly overpriced but you gotta haggle with pawn shops. They did have some very cool items. I liked this stuff:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3T0Erqk1MKtN58764yZMfw?select=YHmXTp3TiTzuNWkGZYmHow#NSBR4UtC7gRUQfTID6_C4Q  Championship ringshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3T0Erqk1MKtN58764yZMfw?select=YHmXTp3TiTzuNWkGZYmHow#QZqkdK6j6V6E6t_4JNt2YQMercedes Unimoghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3T0Erqk1MKtN58764yZMfw?select=YHmXTp3TiTzuNWkGZYmHow#SRYATDzD09LR9rcKecDXzASilver bricksBut it was less of a pawn shop and more of a tourist trap selling everything under the sun form fridge magnets, t-shirts, mugs, posters, bobble heads, cards, coasters, mouse pads, hoodies, and practically any thing you could slap a picture on.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3T0Erqk1MKtN58764yZMfw?select=YHmXTp3TiTzuNWkGZYmHow#QKxKQeKRKuHvJcffybjj3gI bought these:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3T0Erqk1MKtN58764yZMfw?select=YHmXTp3TiTzuNWkGZYmHow#K-a7ocNAB53HkoLhdtCQ1Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3T0Erqk1MKtN58764yZMfw?select=YHmXTp3TiTzuNWkGZYmHow#KJQu5oYl_x96aP4GLfWTgwIt was fun, sort of.
4	"On the next episode of Pawn Stars.."I never watched the show until the boyfriend stayed over.  I mean whenever we talk or FaceTime, he's always either watching it, laughing to it, or telling me about it.  I was fully aware that sooner or later I will be sucked into watching this and I did watch it continuously on Netflix whilst he was asleep the last time he was here.  Pawn Stars is a reality TV show, the shop is a family-owned business (24 hour), and became the top TV show and behind them, Jersey Shore.  The show is hilarious because people from all over try to come in to try and pawn their stuff and sometimes they leave empty-handed although I must admit that it's mean of me to laugh but sometimes the predicaments are funny.The store is a lot smaller than what it appears to be on television.  The boyfriend's brother was highly disappointed.  I wasn't there to sell or buy anything so I didn't have any expectations.  I just thought it was cool to actually visit a site that is featured on TV.  Oh and on the way to there, we saw that wedding chapel that the Asian gangs shot Eddy (Hangover)!  It was so cool to see that because Hangover is my favorite movie of all time and because I love Bradley Cooper.
4	Finally got to visit the place after three previous trips to Vegas where I never got around to it.  I've been watching the show since the first episode and have seen every one of them. I decided to come on a Monday morning thinking the lines wouldn't be that bad and I was correct, they're wasn't even a line at all.   For me the place was great, I recognized a lot of items for sale from being on the show.  In terms of a regular Pawn Shop it's not, it's more like a museum now with cool historial pieces that are listed for sale instead.  Plenty of old guns, famous paintings and Super Bowl rings.  I would think only collectors would come to the place to buy anything.  Of course the cast wasn't there, they've hired a full time crew to work the shop so don't go expecting to see any of the cast unless you get lucky and go on a filming day.I ended up walking away with what I wanted, some cool memorabila from the show (shot glasses and a t-shirt).For anybody expecting to come see the Taj Mahal of Pawn Shops or to see the cast, you need to lessen your expectations.  But if you're a huge fan of the show like myself, then this one of the places you have to visit at least once just to say you've been there.
3	Hate to admit....been here about 12 times in the last two years.  Guess when??...you're right, when friends and relatives come visit. Everyone wants to see Chumlee. It's the Old Man that I have yet to have seen.Read the reviews and you'll notice something in common. Pre 2011, you see the cast and crew every once in awhile. Now, it's like spotting Big Foot. My opinion, this place is a trap. A tourist trap. Usually during the weekdays, it's free. But expect to pay a few dollars when it's busy. Lines can be intimidating, but really goes by quick. There's really no reason to be here longer than 15 minutes unless you're buying, pawning, selling, or hustling. But if you haven't been here, you should try it at least once. It is pretty cool to see the items that they bought on TV. Especially cool to see how much they jacked up the prices. I use to see the crew all the time, but now they have made it, good luck.TIP:  you know one of the main members are there just by checking out the first couple of parking spots. If you see the nice black luxury cars, most likely they're in.
2	My family & I visited the shop this past super bowl weekend. The line was really long and the shop was disappointing. It is very small & half of the shop is their own Pawn Star merchandise. The stuff that isn't their own merchandise isn't that great and WAY over priced. The guy manning the line informed us that no one from the show was there because they finished filming at 10:30AM & that they are rarely at the shop unless its for filming anyways. Tourist beware- save your time and energy go see something else. Check out Ricks Restoration not too far. See my review on that.
2	After arriving in Vegas, we went straight here to run in, hopefully see someone, and leave. They were taping the show when we arrived, the bouncer told us it would be 20 min and we'd get in.  So we waited, and we waited, and we waited.  I'm from Kansas...it's hot in the summer yes, but this is the desert.  I am SO glad there's the guy with the pop up shop because I drank 3 bottles of water before we got to go in 2 hours later.  We saw Rick walk by SUPER quick and that's it.  We heard they don't like to be "seen" anymore.  There was so many people in there you couldn't see much...kind of a waste of time.
3	On our previous Vegas trips, we've always seen a line extending out the door and into the parking lot. This recent trip, we noticed there wasn't a line (maybe because it was so hot people didn't want to wait outside), so we  figured this is our chance to visit this place. Although there wasn't a line, it was still pretty crowded inside. Not sure if these people were there to actually look at their items or to see the folks from Pawn Stars. We were there expecting to see the guys from the show... none were there... so maybe that's why there was no line today. Maybe we should've done more research before going but I hear that they're hardly at the shop. It was still pretty neat to go in and see everything, especially things that were on the show. But it seems that most of the store was filled with Pawn Stars souveniers. At the back of the store, there's a little kiosk where you can take pictures and email it to yourself.
3	No line, bigger then everyone made it sound! Seen way smaller pawn shops in the D! We got to take some pictures inside, so I was happy.  As seen on TV.  Something small to do if your around the Stratosphere.
1	What a disappointment. I've watched Pawn Stars for years and thought this would be a fun thing to do and see. We took the monorail to the end of the line and was lucky to find a taxi to take us the remainder of the way. We arrived about 8:45 and there was a line of 30+ people already! I thought it was open 24 hours a day but learned in line that the doors open at 9am for people to shop/see as the rest of the time its only open for people to pawn/sell.We heard that there can be a wait sometimes 2-3 hours! I would have been very ticked off if I had waited that long to get in after I saw what was inside.  This place is a dump! The items in the cases are not displayed well, the cheesy signs "Item featured on Pawn Stars" are handwritten on dirty looking paper. The items that were in the case were so overpriced, you could buy them new for the same amount. Do not waste your time and taxi money to come here! You will not see any of the Pawn Stars crew - we were told they come in early in the morning and leave before 9am unless they are filming.
4	Just as many posted on here.. I've watched the show, wanted to meet the guys..etc...Well, they are not there most of the time (celebrities now). That should be expected. I did show up before a huge line of people were upfront and my main goal was just to say I was there. I did want to see a few items that were on the show or that were shown in snippets of the pawn shop. If you are a big fan, you definitely could buy Pawnstars shirts, mugs..
4	We visit Vegas a couple of times a year and have been to Gold and Silver several times... We really enjoy their television show. First and foremost you have to understand this is and was a PAWN SHOP... Don't expect it to be a fancy shop... And don't expect to see the guys that you see on the show! These fellows had fame and I'm sure some fortune dumped in their laps and are still acclimating to this extraordinary life changing occurrence... Go see the shop, enjoy it for what it is and maybe pick up a little something... Then you can say you've been there! Meanwhile enjoy the show...We sure do!I wish them all the best with all the success they have found!
4	We came up here on a lark and found it interesting to see how narrow the store is.  There was a line at 10:30 in the morning but only took about 10 minutes to get inside the store.  We found a ring that was really nice.  The marked price was 30% higher than what we ended up walking out of the store for (tax was included in our final price so with that more like 38% off) so dont think that the price on the tag is the real price.  Make an offer if you see something cool - you might find a deal.
3	Went on a Sunday, no line, no fee, no TV stars.Kind of lame inside.  There are some cool items, but it's probably the most empty pawn shop I've ever seen... they've really stocked it sparsely for maximum people capacity and movement.  Walk to one of the antique shops a block away and you will find 20x the stuff in half the space.Of course they do have loads of Pawn Stars souvenirs: shirts, shot glasses, etc. available for purchase.
5	We went on a Monday morning around 10.  there was a line out the door but we go in in about 15 minutes.  After about another 15 looking around, they made an announcement that they'd be clearing the store for filming.  I spotted a crew member and asked him if they needed extras in the store during filming.  He said yes, told me his name, and told me to go stand in the corner by the T-shirts.  There were about a dozen of us in this group.  They gave us a few rules: no photos or you'll be asked to leave; don't look in the direction of the camera or you'll be asked to leave. Corey and the Old Man appeared.  They were to be looking at an autographed photo of the Apollo 12 astronauts.  I suspected they fed the cast some lines, but didn't expect how much.  they wer telling both Corey, the Old Man, and the customer exactly what to say.. They asked the customer "can you laugh on cue? yes?  OK then when Corey says this, you laugh."  Then he told the old man ("Richard") what to say next.  They had to reshott the same exchange three times because the old man messed up once and the customer messed up once.  It is very directed/scripted. But we were thrilled to be a part of it anyway!
3	If you're a fan you'll stand in a long line and probably not see the guys but it is a pawn shop and some of the items you see on the show are there on the shelves and in the cases for your perusal. If its on your bucket list to see, then go, if not you're not going to miss much as its a lot smaller than it appears on tv. Line moves along at a reasonable pace and they have misters installed for the hot days.
1	The Pawn Shop is not the TV show.  The show has the boys talking to even the smallest seller like a friend.  The reality is a rude man at a counter by the door who barely looks up from his computer to ackowledge you.  There are in the business of selling souvenirs and junk and unless you bring in Babe Ruth to authenticate his signature, they don't want to talk.  It is located in a bad part of town (what else would you expect ... it's just a pawn shop) so don't hang around after the sun goes down.Enjoy the show but a visit will be disenchanting.
4	After watching every single episode of Pawn Stars and being a resident of Las Vegas, I had to visit. It was totally worth it!! Kind of weird how all the souvenirs are mostly of Chumley....but you should never be surprised about anything when it comes to Vegas. I chatted it up with a super cool employee who told us a little about filming, etc. For all the people who say the 4 guys are never there, you are wrong! They are in the back and only come out when they are about to film (which can be 5-7x a day) due to the chaos of everybody's excitement!
3	Well as many here have also said, avid fan of the show, which is what brought several of us here.  Yep it's a pawn shop!  I came here with two premises of understanding, is that it's a tourist trap and secondly that it's a pawn shop.  It's not the Bllomingdales folks.  It met my expectations, I could get souvenirs, I could buy or sell items (my girlfriend had them look at her Rolex, we bartered with them for a minute, but couldn't get to a price) and of course I didn't really expect to see the 'Pawn Stars' themselves but it was said that Chumlee was in signing autographs the day before.  Drat, my almost brush with celebrityism.  I'm glad I went, I mean, if you are a fan of the show you kinda have to make the trip and all... but just know, you are going to fulfill just that, seeing it with your own eyes!
1	If you're touring Vegas on the cheap, i'd recommend this place. Otherwise, it was a super disappointment. The Atomic Testing Museum has more appeal.
5	The only reason I'm giving 5 stars is because the moon and stars aligned for us on the day we visited. Call it luck if you wish. After reading all these mediocre reviews, I was not excited about making the trip downtown to check out this place, however, I had family in town who were die hard "Pawn Stars" fans so we had to do it...Long story short: We got a parking spot up front, there was no line to wait in, there was no admission fee, and Chumlee was there signing autographs and taking pictures. What more could you ask for?FYI: we were there on a Monday at 3:00pm. I will agree with the others, the pawn shop itself is not great, not impressed, but overall totally excited that it worked out for us!
4	Cool store though I have come to find out they always look different then on the show.It fairly large but a completly different set up than I imagined.It was pretty full, but I have seen lines out the door at other times so this was good.They have a ton of people working there, of course none from the show.Still it was fun to walk around and look at items for sale we have all seen on TV, they also sell a ton of Pawn Stars memorbilia, I'd say about the same amount as pawned items.TV will do that to ya, worth checking out if you are in the area and love Pawn Stars.
3	Yeah it was ok. I'll briefly reiterate what others had already posted. Its a pawn shop. I love the show and was maybe expecting a little too much. There were a few items that were bought on the show. It wasn't as crowded as others on here have complained about. I guess if you go on off hours, you should be ok. But I did drive by another time, and there was actually a Vegas tour bus stopping there with tons of people. I didn't expect any of the guys from the show to be there. If anything it was worth it to buy myself a shot glass and take a picture in front of the sign, just to say that I've been there.
2	I visited earlier this month while in Las Vegas. it is hard for me to believe it is a real pawn shop, maybe in WAS in the past. Most pawn shops are filled with stuff, this place hardly has anything other than in the glass cases. I am thinking there must be screeners and or the show is scriped to a certain degree. If you watch the show you will see the back drop change, as in people in the store, then no people, etc..I also realize why they make folks with cars go in the back now as the parking lot is full of people looking around.  Also the place is dirty and beat up in the inside. The desk area where the Old Man and Rick sit is very small as the Counter they show where money is paid out.I do like the show and will continue to watch it.
3	I was in Vegas getting married and we thought we would stop by since we like the show Pawn Stars.  The "Cast" of the show isn't there so don't get your hopes up for that.  That's ok though because I'd rather check out some of the cool stuff they have had brought in.  They have a few pieces from the show, mainly swords and currency.  The rest are a few bits of old memorabilia and then watches/random jewelry.I'd recommend stopping in to check it out as it was nice out of curiosity.  The store is MUCH smaller than it appears on the show.  What I noted above is about all they have.  Half of the shop is an actual pawn shop the other half is a store for Chum-Lee merchandise.  I was hoping for more but let down. All in all though it was neat to go there and I can say I've been.
3	First off like everyone says, don't come here expecting to see anyone from the show. I have heard from locals that they work early in the morning and that's it, but who knows if that is true. Half of the store seems devoted to merchandise for the show, shirts, mugs, bobble heads, etc... If you are in the market to get that then this is the place for you. Other then that it is a pretty big pawn shop, with lots of gold, watches, etc... A lot of it is pretty over priced. My wife saw some earrings they were selling more then what you could get a new pair for. I am sure you could negotiate on prices as well, but some of the items are at such a high price point you probably would not be able to get anywhere close to what you would want it for. Other then that it is kind of cool to see some of the items that they have brought in from the show.
2	I completely forgot to review this place!!! This was another one of our Vegas visits when we came in September because we wanted to see the place from the show Pawn Stars. Well I can't speak for my husband but I can speak for me when I say I was disappointed. It was really really crowded and we barely got a chance to really look at anything. It just did not live up to all the hype that I expected. The lady behind the counter was very nice and asked us if we needed any help though. It was good to stop by but nothing special.
3	Oh Chumlee..where art thou!!  Oh there you are in all that merch they sell at Gold & Silver Pawn Shop.  I hope you get some royalties for your image.  It's a cool place as far as pawn shops go.  Some cool memorabilia and items.  I doubt you'll find a deal here but admittedly, I'm not a pawn shopper except for an occasional craigslist find here and there.  I had to go though just to pass time after getting whacked on the tables so it was a good waste of an hour reprieve from losing.If you watch the show, then it's a must see.  Parking is free and plentiful and the crowds vary throughout the day.  I know that since I like to gamble on the strip and downtown and drive past this place at different times between casinos, eateries and shopping.
2	I knew walking in that the cast wasn't going to be there so I was ready for that. Thank god my family and I were smart enough to say screw the line and go to Old Vegas to kill some time and let the line die by the time we got back. Place is way smaller than I expected. Not much collectable product AT ALL considering half of the store is now targeted toward retarded tourists who are willing to buy the plethora of Pawn Stars memorabilia. Yes, half of the "pawn shop" is a memorabilia tourist stop shop now that the crew is well off financially. Chum Lee shirts, Rick Harrison coffee Mugs, Old Pops mouse pads, Big Hass trash cans, they got all the use junk you need! I'll remain a fan of the show but this was a let down.
1	WARNING THIS IS A LOCALS REVIEW! I've lived in Vegas, over two years. So, I finally decided to check out Gold and Silver Pawn. I'm a big fan of the show, and out of pure curiosity and a boring Friday afternoon, my friends and I with relunctancy decided to make a trip over here. We waited in line for about 20 mins. I'm not quite sure what we were expecting, maybe the mecca of all pawn shops, and to see our beloved Chumlee. We walked into a pawn shop... This was the amazing thing we were waiting for. It is indeed, just that. Oh and a gift store at the back of it.. Definatly, not worth the waiting, and don't expect to see any of the stars of the show.
4	This was the highlight of our trip to Vegas. I love this show and always wanted to stop by the building and see where it all takes place. I was very aware what was to be, a line of fans to get in, no actual pawn stars on site and a huge tourist trap inside to sell you a ton of merchandise. Who cares, it was still freakin awesome to be in the famous store where I lay my lazy butt on the couch and watched countless of hours of the show. We bought a magnet for $8, which cost them fifty cents to make, but its ok I still had a great time looking at all the over priced goods and have good memories of finally seeing the place in person.
3	If you are a fan of Pawn Stars, you should visit the shop.  It is cool to see the place that you see on TV and some of the items that have been on the show.  You can also buy some Pawn Stars souvenirs if you are so inclined.I have been to the shop maybe 10 times and never seen anyone from the show.  Clearly they are actors now, and not really pawn brokers anymore.This last time some of the guys were actually at the shop for filing, but didn't come out in public.  Instead they closed the shop and asked 50+ people to leave so they could so their filing.  They asked just a handful of people to say as "extras."I get how it works, and I still like the show.  However, we had a totally different experience at Rick's Restorations, where the people from the show are actually there working and will talk to you.  I would think the Pawn Star guys could be a little more accommodating.If you see a long line to get in -- just come back another time.  It is often busy, but there are plenty of times when you can walk right in.There is no charge for admission, and the souvenir merchandise is not outrageously expensive.
3	Don't get your hopes up too much...this is a pawn shop just like any other except this one happened to get a TV show.  The line wrapped around the building on Saturday when I was in town, but on Sunday there was no line at all.  The pawn shop has a bunch of super expensive items that you've probably seen on the TV show as well as some standard pawn shop fare: jewelry, antiques, etc.  There is also a huge section where you can buy t-shirts and other souvenirs from the show.Overall it was a cool place to visit, especially if you're a fan, but you won't recognize any of the employees and it's not really a place you'll spend more than 30-45 minutes in.
4	If you're a fan of anything, its just out of your fanatic curiosity then you must visit the set when capable. And this is what exactly what it is.Definitely some cool 'treasures', but no where at the reasonable rates. Goes to show that there is $$$ in publicity stunts.Worth the visit.
2	I was disappointed with their inventory. Their show makes it seem like they have almost anything a person might be looking for....it was like most other pawn shops I've been in....lots of watches, jewelry, and a few musical instruments. Overall, pretty small. It was really fun to be able to say "I've been there!", however.
1	Save your time!There are about 3.000-5.000 people visiting this place every day! We went early in the morning and didn't have to wait in line. The place is much smaller than it looks on TV - and half the store is a gift shop with show memorabilia (bobble heads, t-shirts, coins, ...). The TV cast is predictably nowhere to be found. And from the stuff on display there was not a single item that I wanted. If i had waited in line for a while to get in I would have been annoyed.
4	If you love the show, or just enjoy watching it, it is worth a visit if you're in the Las Vegas area. Just go up the strip a couple of miles past The Stratosphere and you're there. From what I noticed, there is always a crowd and the main gang is rarely ever there. The line is out the door and around to the parking lot at times, if you want to get in to at least check out the merch, go at night, a bit before closing and you should get right in. They close the main shop at 9:30 or so. We showed up 30 minutes before closing and that gave us enough to check out their stuff and shop. I got a Chumlee shirt of course. Their pawned stuff is really awesome, stuff from the show can be seen there along with some other pretty interesting stuff. I'm glad I got to stop by,
5	Well, I'm glad I tried twice to go here, because the second time I said screw it and waited in line. Smart move... Chumlee was there doing a meet and greet. I got a pic and he signed a bobble head I bought. The store is definitely smaller than it looks on tv. When I looked at the desks, there were some random employees sitting there. No rick, no old man, no Corey. Who cares, though.... Haha. No but it was cool to meet chumlee. The store is definitely worth going to, if you are into seeing "famous" places. :)
2	I can't say much about this place because I did not go to pawn any belongings, I only came because friends were in town, fans of the show Pawn Stars and wanted to see where it was filmed. There was a long wait to get inside and from what I saw, there were only people in there to see where the show was filmed and to purchase souvenirs.  Looking in the cases at the jewelery, things seemed to be way over priced!  Everything about $2,000......I am not a fan of the show so I was not impressed nor excited to go, but my friends had a good time. Lots of parking, but be prepared to wait in line!
1	So we visited during our last trip to Vegas just to see the shop. It was the day after Christmas so it wasn't to crowded. The shop is your average pawn shop a bit dingy and old looking. They have a section of pawns stars related merchandise but compared to most souvenirs there are overpriced. The regular merchandise is overpriced as well. You can haggle I'm sure but why buy overpriced used when I can go to a real jewelry store and get something similar for a lot less. Not impressed at all.
2	There was absolutely nothing I wanted to purchase here. It was basically a collection of their cool stuff they've bought, but I really don't see any reason to go here except maybe "I'll try it once". I guess if you are a huge fan of the show you would be more excited than I would, but prepare to be underwhelmed.
3	Just a regular old pawn shop. I think I expected to see one of the cast members there, which probably would've made it a 4 star experience. Still, it's something to do if you're in the area.
3	I went here a while back - there was quite a line - it was about 30-40 minute wait. After entering the building, there was a pathway to traverse the entire store. There are interesting collectables, and items in there. Some items which were present on the TV show are present in here. However, it was very crowded on the day I was looking at - and there was very little people actually pawning or buying items. It was more of a take a tour of the entire shop. And none of the Pawn Stars were present.
4	I was a little bit hesitant to make the trip here after all the negative reviews.  But I'm glad I did.  It was as described by some of the other reviewers, but it's not that small, and I think if you did want to buy something you could haggle on the price.  There was a ton of interesting stuff there, that's for sure.No, we didn't see Rick, Chumlee, or the Old Man, either, but the people we did talk to were very nice and accommodating.I thought it was definitely worth the trip - and if you're a fan of the show, I wouldn't miss it.
5	It sucks to see all these negative comments about this place! I'm a huge fan of the show, it's kinda bogus that you don't see Corey, chumlee, or Rick in the shop
2	Drove by, saw the line and how small the place was and just kept on driving!
3	Came here for the same reason most people do, Pawn Stars.  Parking was free and free entrance as well.  I was expecting to stand in line forever but the line moved pretty quickly.  The shop is smaller than it looks on the show.  Also, Chumlee, Rick, Big Hoss or Old Man was not there :(  There were some pretty cool items in there though.
5	Enjoyed my time here. We went yesterday and we didn't see the stars but it really was awesome to be there. I don't know why people are complaining, they don't even have to have it opened, but they do. Enjoy it!
2	It's a hassle to come here, but if you're into seeing sights, its doable! There is always a line, and its usually pretty freaking hot while you're waiting outside on the street. Parking is in a lot next to the shop. We had no problem parking when we went.It's free to enter, but can be difficult to see certain things in the cases with so many people near by. Customer service was pretty good. We got helped immediately when we asked to look at various coins. The shop has some interesting things, but it's pretty small and I'm not sure that I'm a fan of the pricing on a lot of items. It's not a place I would go back to, especially to score a deal! I'd rather go to a shady place in Vegas with real treasure! Actually, on second thought, I do value my life and I'll just let Vegas keep its dirty treasure.
4	Just like in the show but much smaller!!There was a line of people just to walk inside!!
3	Whoohooo! we came here on a shorter line!I'm glad we came here because I'm a fan of the show, but It was kinda of puzzling to me that not much of the cool items that you see on TV was displayed. I had to take a picture of those samurai swords on their display because in one of their episodes some guy wanted to get a fortune for his sword but Corey told him that they have already many of them, so lowered the offer. At the end the owner of the samurai sword ended up getting a decent lump sum anyway. I saw a historic San Francisco Giants Jersey, a Scarface Poster near the front entrance, a boxing heavyweight championship belt, these were cool stuff that interest me but wow they do get a lot rolex watches here! In person this shop seems smaller. Not much excitement in this Pawn Shop that is currently displayed inside, especially when you see all those reeling and dealings that happen on TV. Therefore I gave this place an A-OK rating, but hey to me the show gets a 5 stars rating because of those history lessons, the negotiations and the Old Man, Rick, Corey and Chumlee are just plain hilarious!I recommend coming here if your looking to add some detail to your Vegas trip but it's worth it when you can come here very early in the day, so that you can avoid waiting longer to get in. Tourist trap for me: Yup! I bought me a Pawn Star Magnet of the crew and another magnet of who else? The Man, The Myth...Chumlee.
4	All the other reviews are pretty much true which totally prepared me for our visit!  We came on a weekday so no line, busy but not too crowded.  It was nice not to expect much and made it that much more enjoyable.We had fun looking at items we had seen on the show.  Also fun and cool to take a free pic to post to Facebook.I completely understand why the "stars" wouldn't be hanging out there... would you want to if you had a hit show and were famous now and rolling in the dough?  I know I wouldn't!  And why would you even sell these items that were featured on the show unless you got a premium price for them?  They are more fun to look at after seeing them on the show!  I get it!The staff working were friendly and patient considering the crazies they must get in there haha.Fun place to visit for sure.  I wonder what will happen to the store after fame of the show fizzles?
4	This is my second time into the store. The first was more as a tourist. The place is pretty small. They have an interesting selection, and obviously their stock changes pretty rapidly. You never know when you will come across that one item that you just can't walk away from. I came in the second time after a dismal encounter trying to sell two 14k gemstone rings at another location. I was reluctant to come here first, thinking as they were the "celebrity" store, they would be more likely to try and lowball me. I was pleasantly surprised. I had almost 1/3 troy oz in gold between the two rings, and some rather nice gems in both, so they would be very likely to move type pieces. The individual behind the counter agreed. So his offer turned out to be above the spot price on the gold, meaning he as also compensating me for the diamond in the 3 stone band. Compared to other places I have been to in other cities, it was the fairest offer I have seen to date. I accepted, although it would have been nice to have gotten a little more. I understand they have to make money too.
3	On our recent trip to Vegas we dragged the kids to Gold & Silver.  We knew we would not see the "guys" but it was nice seeing what the place actually looked like.  My oldest boy recognized some pieces from the show so that was pretty cool for him.   It wasn't crowded when we went so we had time to look around.  We are fans of the show so it was cool to see.
3	Yes, it's smaller than it looks on TV. Yes, the guys are not around. Yes, it's expensive. Yes, you don't have to wait in line if you go in the morning on a week day. Yes, it's fun to visit the place you see on TV. Yes, you probably only visit once.
5	My favorite show on television. I always visit the store if im in town to see what fun and interesting items they have.
3	I watch the show "Pawn Stars" regularly on the History Channel, so I thought it'd be cool to stop by the shop while I was in Vegas. When I got arrived, we noticed that there was a huge line of people waiting to get in. Fortunately, the line moved pretty fast. I was a little disappointed because I didn't get to see any of the owners or the main employees that were on that show. Apparently, they don't come out unless if they need to shoot a scene. They must be back in their office counting all the dollars that come piling in from the show and pawning.
4	As a tourist with no interest in the items being displayed, this place would probably bore you (as it had done for me). If you are the other people who needs to pawn, sell or buy items, this place would be perfect for you. As I've said, it was boring for me but I gave this place four stars because they have a lot of items worth purchasing, seeing, etc. (if you are into those kinds of things).
3	I've lived in Vegas for over 37 years and am a fan of the show. So one evening we were bored and decided to drive down and check this place out.First of all keep in mind this isn't one of the better areas of town. You wouldn't want to walk around the area at night.I've driven by here many times during the day and have always seen a large line waiting to get in. Because of this we came in the evening to check it out. There was no line and we were able to walk right in.It's much smaller than it appears on tv. It also didn't seem as clean as it is on tv.Visiting it in person it's really not that impressive. Just a small store with a variety of stuff for sale. They did have a small section that sells Pawn Stars memorabilia.I work on the strip at one of the hotels and have spoken with many tourists who have visited this place. According to what I've heard the characters you see on the show are rarely working there. This was the case on the evening of our visit as well.So if you're a big fan of the show it might be worth a visit but be assured the place is more entertaining on television than it is in person.
1	I called to ask if they buy swords.. And the guy hung up on me. How rude.
3	This place is good if your looking for something cool to do on an afternoon. It has a great selection of old stuff - mostly featured on TV - from guns to paintings, superbowl rings (no you can't try them on), motorcycles and clothing. They also have a beautiful selection of new and vintage jewelry if you are looking for a piece for your special someone. The "stars" Rick, Old Man and Chumley were on vacation that week so we didn't get a chance to see them however Chumley did pop in to take photos (all the money gets donated to the children's make a wish foundation). If your a fan of the show and are in the vicinity of the strip pop on in - check out the goods even if you cant afford them haha.
3	Being a fan of Pawn Stars, we felt the need to venture in and check out the famous Gold and Silver Pawn Shop on our latest venture to Vegas. We realistically weren't expecting to see any of the guys on the show, but we were excited to see some of the items that were shown on TV.We got here around opening time on a Sunday morning (Around 9 A.M.). There was no line, and there was no problem finding parking during that time. The store is comprised of two different sections. The front half is reserved for their pawn shop items for sale, mainly jewelry and accessories with a smattering of antique and unique items that you might have seen on the show. The back half holds the large items (e.g., cars, bikes), various works of art (Including sad clown paintings selling for thousands of dollars), and souvenir stuff from the show. We browsed through several times, but found that:1. The jewelry and accessories were priced pretty high.2. While there were a few items I recognized from the show, I was disappointed that they didn't have the "Death Clock" on the shelves (i.e., the ormolu clock).3. I really wanted to buy a souvenir, but I didn't see any shirts that I wanted to buy, and I didn't want to pay $7 for a Pawn Stars bandana or lanyard. Other items I saw for sale were hats, glassware, keychains, decorative plates, pens, posters, and a fuzzy Chumlee blanket.If you're a fan of the show, it's worth a stop to see the pawn shop. They do post what people from the show will be at the shop that day (When we went, Rebecca the historical books expert was going to be there in the afternoon).
2	Do NOT fill out any of your personal information from the people in the parking lot.  They tell you can that you can win a chance to see the Pawn Stars.  They will sell your information to people who will call you to try to scam you out of your money!We went here while we were in Las Vegas, and waited in line to go inside. It's definitely an experience, but you won't be missing out if you choose not to come here.
3	I'm a fan of the show, as are many people who likely visit.  I've read other reviews left and I don't think it's as bad as some people are saying.  There was no line to get in.  No rude or pushy salespeople.  I wonder if the people who gave it a bad review were expecting Las Vegas glitz and glamour, but it's a pawn shop, people!  Yes, it's narrow and there's a lot of cheesy show souvenirs, but the display cases and shelves were plenty full, unlike what others have said.  It was a pretty neat place to visit, even if the owners aren't there.
4	We had a great time viewing the store and seeing exactly what we see on TV.. it was really cool, even though we didn't see any of the guys, they were there in the back. Everybody was so super friendly who was working there, almost as though they weren't even sick of all the tourists that walk in there everyday asking about the guys. I was very pleased with the customer service. EXCEPT. WARNING! : I think my husband and I were possibly getting scammed in the parking lot. We were walking away and a man working who was sort of bitching about his job tried to offer us and some other people walking away a chance to meet the pawn star guys, but we didn't want to bother them. So instead he said he could have us go meet Rick from Rick's American Restoration. We thought that would be pretty cool, so he walked us across the street to this little ticket box with a couple guys working in there. And the parking guy just told the man behind the desk to take care of us. So, he was very friendly. He gave us a map and told us how to get there by foot, said it was just a few blocks down. So we started walking, it was nice out anyway. And its pretty shady where this whole get-up is located. So as we were walking down this creepy street, a man came out of nowhere asking us if we needed help and asked us where we were going, so we told him. He was unlocking a door to what seemed to be a makeshift bail bonds location. He said he could drive us there if we would walk in for a minute and wait for him to put his stuff down. Um hey, no. Super shady. We were like, "uh no its okay we're enjoying the walk" and kept going. But then we pulled it up on our phone and still had another half mile to go. So we decided to screw that idea and get back to the bus stop ASAP.. we had enough of that crap.
2	Having moved to Vegas, I thought I'd check out the shop and swing by with a rare elusive piece.I was told "Rick, Big Hoss, The Old Man and Chumlee, come in 1 day a month and to get them to look at anything costs $200"Fat chance. Very disappointed
4	I have watched the Pawn Stars episodes from time to time. It was kind of cool to visit the store in person.I heard from somewhere that they open 24 hours, but I don't think that's really true. I think if you want to sell things here, they could meet with you outsides their normal business hours. But I can't remember for sure. They open at 9am. I would recommend going early rather than later. I arrived at around 11am at the store and the line was long but also moving fast. I only had to wait outside for about 10 minutes or so. Once you go in, it should be a single file line to look at the items and take some pictures. You can only take pictures of certain items in the store.Towards the very back of the store, you can also line up to take pictures with Chumlee. I don't know if that is a daily event or just a once a week thing. However, you need to buy a minimum of $20 and show your receipt to take pictures with him.Not 5 stars because I almost got scammed in the parking lot too! You can take either SDX or Deuce and get off at this bus stop nearby. It was an easy walk from the bus stop to get to the store. However, it was inevitable to pass this parking lot just a block away from the store. Some people tried to flag me down and was telling me how I had to register first to get to the store. I was confused and then followed to the booth. Then I was asked to fill out my personal information. I smelled something suspicious and was like no thank you. I thought I should go to the store myself to check it out first and if I had to fill out any forms, I would just come back. And nope. Once I got in line outside the store, I waited and just went inside to check out the store. Reading other reviews, I realize those people are always there in the parking lot. Something should be done about those scams in the parking lot. But oh well, it is not like those scams don't exist on the Strip.Other than being on TV, the store is not very big and not very special. But worth a visit so you can have something to do during the day while in Vegas.
2	Love the show on the History Channel so we decided to check out the shop.   It is now like an amusement park.   Went there and there was a line waiting outside.  Went inside and there were very few items for sale. A good portion of the store was set aside for selling the show's merchandise.  In fact, the only items moving were the merchandise.   Did not see any actual sale of pawned items.   The items that were for sale was quite expensive.  I did see the army motorcycle that the Count fixed but did not see anything else I recognized from the show.  Of course, none of the cast members were there.   As other posters noted, the store is actually not that big.  Plus, it is a complete side show outside.  Avoid handing out your information to the street vendors.
4	I had to make it a point to stop in and check out the famous location of Pawn Stars. It was easy to find with ample parking on both sides of the building and a line to get in. There is no admission or parking fees but I can see that coming down the road. Being a famous Pawn Shop I thought there would be some really good deals on some nice watches and jewelry, however after browsing through the cases I realized this is stuff people had for a while. Most of the watches are old and dated and the jewelry were out of style.The rest of the store was interesting and they were selling all kinds of souvenirs and T-shirts. I am sure they were selling more souvenirs then merchandise. There was a line in the back where the guy who authenticates historical items was signing post cards. The lady who authenticates books was coming in right after him. This is a neat tourist attraction and not so much a Pawn Shop. They did have Willie Mays Uniform in a display case. Neither Rick, Big Hoss, The Old Man or Chumlee were there. I think Chumlee did have the most souvenir pieces though.
3	a tourist trap.  not worth the wait in line really unless you get to see the cast of the show.  Looks like if you want them to look at anything you have it will cost you 200$. I saw a bunch of people buying merchandise in the shop. 30 bucks for a shirt.. no thanks.
2	We came here on a Saturday evening and there was no line.  The misters outside were really nice, though, and I know if there was a line I would have appreciated being a little cooler in the 110* heat!  It was much smaller inside than I expected.  Pretty much just one long hallway with a little room at the end.  I felt like most of the goods were way, way overpriced and my husband felt the same.  Particularly the merchandise that was advertised as "As Seen on Pawn Stars."  However, it was really cool to see the shop and now be able to see it on TV!  If you have time and there's not a line, I'd definitely recommend stopping by if you're a fan of the show.
3	I used to shop here before the TV show started . It was like any other pawn shop except they had a large selection of gold jewelry , I bought a nice pinky ring . Now anymore the horde of tourists has curtailed my buying at this store.
4	Very cool hole in the wall. Famous location and autographs by the staff given daily. Prices are great from the inquiries we had in our short visit there. Serious friendly staff, it's a neat drop in visit for a TV famous spot. There is a line outside but it goes quickly.
5	I visited the Gold & Silver Pawn Shop in March. I went there twice and found the place to be friendly and nice. Got a few ear rings for my mother and cousin but the best is the chumlee items. You have to wait on line but it moves fast. The earlyer the better. Its a must see place, and what you see on tv is what you see inside. Saw Rick and the old man and they said hello to everybody in the place. Should have taken my camera. Worth a trip even if it just to say you where their...
1	I am a fan of Pawn Stars, or at least I was until I went here.  What a joke.  They are busy enough with tourists that they hired a gaggle of people to point you where to park.  They get you to sign up for a drawing as soon as you get out of the car.  The store is tiny.  It has very few pawn items and what is there is outrageously priced!!  The big draw the day that I was there was the Big Security dude was going to be in at 1pm.The store is more for tourists now, filled more with T-shirts and souvenirs then pawn items.  The desks where they say that you can't take photos is NOT where they sit and film the show.  They don't even film at the counters that you see.  It was a real let down.  A total waste of time.  If you like the show, continue to watch the show and don't stop here, it will ruin it for you.  I am regretting that I went.
4	The Gold & Silver Pawn Shop is a tourist attraction, thanks to the Pawn Stars show on History Channel.  Would I have gone here otherwise, of course not.  I have been to other pawn shops and they're all basically the same, this one included.  However, the star attraction is why you'll visit this place, even though the likelihood of you buying or selling anything is pretty low.  They do have some great stuff, I particularly like the historical things they have, some not even for sale.
4	Is you are a fan if the show,it's a must see.  We went on a Sunday afternoon and there was no line.  Ran into Rocco and one of the previous yelp reviews was correct, he was very Nice and helpful.  He didn't treat you like an idiot tourist (which we were). Told us about the filming, worth the trip
3	I went with my buddies and it's neat to see the shop because it is on the show, but there are some items that are overpriced.  Granted I had never seen some items such as a superbowl ring, but many of the coins and historical artifacts could be found on Ebay or Craigslist so just do your shopping before you go.
5	First off, the people who are freaking out about how this was "not what they expected," need to take a huge chill pill! What were you expecting? Chocolate fountains and hugs from the old man upon entering?My husband and I were out in Vegas a couple of months ago on business, and decided to check out Gold & Silver with some spare time that we had. The shop was easy to find, and parking was no problem. We were there at about 11am on a Friday. The first thing we noticed was an old Model T car from one of the episodes that had aired recently parked in the lot! Cool.There was a line to get in, but it moved quickly and we spent about 10 minutes waiting to get in. Once inside, we noticed that the shop appeared a LOT smaller in person than on tv (yay camera angles!) and that there was a significant area dedicated to selling bobble heads/ t-shirts, etc. that we never see on the show.We browsed the cabinets, and were pleased to recognize several items from the show and Rick's collection on display. The highlight for my husband was a ring gun that he recognized from one of the episodes. I purchased some souvenirs along with a nice quality sterling silver and opal necklace in the shape of a turtle for about $65- a very fair price! Those of you complaining that the items are too expensive- they are not for you! You can hit up any one of the many "normal" pawn shops scattered through the strip.Finally, while I was checking out I asked the cashier, "is there any chance of seeing the old man today?" He politely informed me that the old man comes out once a week to sign autographs and today was not the day. No worries, we swung by spur of the moment with no advanced planning. Overall, a great way to kill a Friday morning. The next time I'm in Vegas I will make a point to plan in advance so I can see the Old Man!
4	Living in Las Vegas I decided to check this place out back in 2008. The store was a typical pawn shop with the cast actually being on property doing their jobs. Fast forward to last week and alot has changed as the shows popularity has grown. The line to get in was down and around the corner but being a local I showed my I.D. to the guy at the front and walked right in. The store was crowded but not to the point I wanted to leave or felt packed in like a sardine. The merchandise area is what it is. I mean hey if I could make a buck selling a tshirt w my face I would do it too. The items in the cases are actually for sale which is a good thing. The young woman that helped me said she could drop the price of a watch I liked by 25% but it was still way over priced. The guys on the show were back in their offices and did not come out. The old man wasn't in and I did feel a bit of disappointment since the last time I was there he walked the floor and almost sold me on a motorcycle in the back. I'm giving this review 4 stars because it is what it is. A pawn shop made famous for our love of "reality" TV and by the hard sale pitch of Rick way back when. It's a great spot to visit a great spot to say you have visited and a great spot to kill a little time. If your not buying they keep you moving I guess to accommodate the line of souvenir shoppers. After all I did buy that T-shirt when all was said and done so it worked on me too ;)
1	You will not see anyone from the show. You are allowed to take pictures but not in the direction of their offices. Don't waste your time trying to get in, it is better to take your picture outside, also you will have more chances to see them parking or leaving the place.If there is too many people waiting, get in only if you want to pawn or buy Chumlee memorabilia. Otherwise, arrive before noon.
5	Brought my 12 year old daughter and niece who are fans of the show.  It was great experience for myself and the girls.  We enjoyed seeing several pieces featured on the show and were lucky enough to meet Chumlee.  Was impressed with Chumlee.  He was very friendly and was happy to take pictures and answer questions.
4	Stopped by with the family on our last trip to Vegas. I guess we picked a good time to go because there was no line. Very polite staff. They took my son next door to try out an electric guitar. Took a few pictures with Chumlee and he signed an autograph for my wife. Nice guy and not dumb like the show would have you believe.
3	Not a lot to see, unfortunately. Try to go when there is not a line outside.
5	On Thu/25 Jul about 3 pm I visited this store with a couple of my friends:- I'm not into reality TV but it's kinda cool to be able to visit the place featured on "Pawn Stars."- They have plentiful, free parking.  The 2 times I've been here there was no line to enter but I hear the line is long when the star(s) of the show are in.  If waiting in line they have those misters/cooling systems to make it more bearable to be outside in the heat.- Cool stuff to see.  Previously I saw an old-school pinball machine and this time I saw a WWII US Army motorcycle.
4	Being a big fan of Pawn Stars, I wanted to see this place in person since I'll be in Vegas.  Arrived around 1100am and there was a long line of people waiting to get in.  The line moved fast, good time to take pictures while waiting, but don't expect to see the stars of the show.  I wasn't expecting to buy anything, but I saw these custom made 10K white gold earrings made in Italy that I had to have.  Got them for a good deal.  Despite the rush of fans coming into the store to just to take a peek, the staff was very organized offering great and quick customer service.
2	Visited the shop on 7/28/13.There was a line, but it was not too bad - They let people in a few at a time as other customers leave.  It is free to get in, and you can carry in a small bag/camera if you wish.Having spoken to someone who had already been inside the shop, I was expecting it to be small, and I was right.  The "miracle" of modern cinematography/camera work makes the store seem HUGE on the show!  There are glass cases on either side, some stuff in the back and on the walls, and a TON of "Pawn Stars" memorbilia down the center.Prices seemed VERY high on certain items that I was familliar with - I guess they have to price stuff high, so that you can "talk 'em down" & feel like you are getting a deal - LOL.All in all, it was OK - I can say that I was there, but I cannot imagine any reason why I would go back.2/5 stars - "Move on, people - Move on - Nothing to see here."
3	The good is that when I was there "Mark" from the show/museum was there signing autographs for free.The bad, 1/2 of the store is a gift shop and you have to stand in line just to get inside.
3	This place has grown from a tiny little hole in the wall to a sprawling mecca for used merchandise - but the staff is always unfamiliar and the tiles and filled with customers.Don't bother - unless they are filming. It is totally pedestrian and boring otherwise.
4	This was our first visit to the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop (a.k.a. Pawn Stars) during the day time.  It was cool to see the building and the interior where the show is filmed.  We did not see any of the Pawn Stars because some of them were on vacation, and there was no filming going on.  There were several expensive items for sale and even Pawn Stars collectibles.  We did not find anything we HAD to have, but it was cool seeing the business that also serves as a television production set.The parking lot attendant was helpful in getting cars in and out of the lot.  He even took a great picture of us under the shop's sign.
2	My dad watches the show CONSTANTLY. My fiance and I were in Vegas for an entire week and kept saying we would make it by to check it out, mainly because I had some old Vegas memorabilia my Gramma had that I wanted to have checked out to see what it was worth. Our last day in Vegas we took a little drive to the shop, the line was out the door so we decided to not stop by because 1, it was 110 outside and we were not in the mood to stand any longer in the heat and 2, after a week of non-stop drinking and being in Vegas, we were all ready to go home. But, we did however find out it was open 24hrs. If we would have known that, we would have gone at night no problem. I decided to just email G&S Pawn Shop since I live in SoCal. It has now been 3 weeks since we've been home. My first email was via my phone so after a week of no reply, I figured my phone just did not send it correctly so the next email was via my PC. Now its been a week after that. The show is always showing someone in an office behind a computer, you'd figure your emails would get answered pretty quickly. WRONG. 3 weeks and no answer. I'll find someplace else for my Vegas memorabilia. I wanted to come here because I've heard them constantly say how much they love old Vegas stuff.
2	50% of the store is now merchandise with their faces on it.  Do you need a Chumlee thong?  How about a Chumlee beer mug or Chumlee hat?  Well if you do then this is the place for you.  You can use your money or sell something of value and purchase a Chumlee bobble-head!!!So why does this place get 2 stars?  Well they have some pretty cool stuff to look at like old guns, music memorabilia, and other random goods.  But other than a 5 minute look you should be ready to leave.
1	Very dissatisfied with the Customer Service. Walked in and the gentleman was on the phone and yelling for a employee. Before I could tell him what I had he said not interested. There was no reason to back up as to why.
2	Every time we come to Vegas we say we will visit Gold & Silver Pawn Shop but we never have the time. This time my husband was NOT leaving without stopping by this place!! So we were on a mission!!! First of all, good luck finding parking!! We must've made 4 U-turns before we could find something within walking distance (and you definitely want to be within walking distance in that area)!! When we finally got there, there was quite a line which made me want to leave but like I said we were on a mission! Luckily the line moved very quickly, 10 minutes at the most. Once inside the place is not quite how it looks on tv but that's the magic of television, right? It's small & full of "souvenirs", my husband really wanted to look at the guitars but there was only about 4, not a big selection. To me it's EXACTLY what I expect from a pawn shop, which isn't much!! All in all I'm glad I saw it so I don't have to have the urge to see it anymore but my husband was pretty disappointed!   Oh and there were no familiar faces inside, but I really didn't expect them to be.... come on they are rich now!! They don't need to work at a pawn shop!!
1	This place is a scam if you are a fan of the show cause every time you there non of theme are in the store  to great the customers never prices are too High all they want you to buy is souvenir and the place is dirty doesn't look nothing like the show this is really bad for the history channel trust me you can get a way much better deals and items  in near by pawn shops They need to stop showing this show on tv really and really disappointed we mad a taxi  trip from the four season hotel and Mandalay bay all the way to there store in 106 degree  heat  for nothing  next time I rather watch street performers in this heat than been scammed like this You guys are bull C
1	Complete disappointment. I love the show and had a few hours to kill so I thought I'd check it out and perhaps ask about buying some gold. Not surprisingly, nobody from the show was even there except the bearded historical guy from the museum, he was in the back signing autographs and getting pictures, nice guy. But the real bummer was the staff. I asked 2 guys how much they were charging for a ounce of gold, they said they didn't know and to look at the gold in another case. I saw a few coins but no bars or any bullion. I said 'what's the most gold I can buy?' And they said whatever is in the case is all they have which I hardly believe. Showed no interest in helping. But their previous metals  were highly overpriced. Silver goes for 23, they wanted $27 an ounce...because it has a picture of the pawn star guys. Much of the store is dedicated to show related merchandise....skip it
5	We didn't go there as tourists but to sell the jewelry (I had diamond earrings and my boyfriend had some rose gold jewelry). both of us were very pleased with the offer we got from the shop. Awesome customer service and by far the best prices around if you are trying to sell. Will highly recommend this place to everyone.
1	My wife was in Vegas last week for a conference. She stopped by to see the shop & try to get me a Chumlee autograph. She was disappointed to find out that none of the fantastic 4 were there. Rick, Big Hoss, Chum, nor The Old Man. She was sad ;(. Guess they got so popular that they don't need to show up anymore except on the days they shoot the show.
5	I am a HUGE Pawn Stars fan!!!We actually happened by this place when there was no line!!!  First time I've ever seen that! We parked in the lot next to the shop and walked right in.  None of the stars were there, but I walked right up to the counter and sold 4 silver coins for $80. Obviously, the crowds make it a little cramped, but they are wheelchair accessible.  Now I'll be checking every week to see if my coins are on display.
4	I don't understand the negative reviews. What do people expect from a pawn shop? We are big fans of the show and stopped by on the first morning of our Vegas trip. It was 10am so no line to get in. It was almost exactly like what you see on TV. Sure, the whole backend of the store is for merchandise, but it's now a tourist destination. We didn't expect to see anyone, so we were pleasantly surprised to see the Old Man in the back office dressed in black as usual (my wife took a quick picture of him and got reprimanded by a security guard - you're allowed to take pics just not in the cashier/back office area). Another pleasant surprise was when we asked how much we could get for selling an item we had, and they offered us a fair price. Overall, if you're a fan of the show, it's worth stopping by.
1	I am a huge fan of the show, so I thought it would be fun to go and check them out and buy some silver.As soon as we got there, two freaking huge tour busses dropped of a ton of people and formed a line in front if the store.I watched as the door man wasn't letting anyone inside. Since it was over 100 degrees and I didn't want to fall out, I went up and talked to him.The door man was nice and I told him I wasn't with the group. He told me he understood, but they were closed for taping. I asked how long would they be closed and he said an hour to an hour and a half!You kidding?!? Closed for taping?!? I hopped in a cab and left.
3	REVIEW OF SHOP AS A TOURIST DESTINATION ONLY. I don't want anyone to be confused about the nature of this review, I've not purchased or sold to this store so can't comment on how they are to do business with. Like it or not though this has become a popular tourist spot so that is the focus of today's review. Hubby and I decided to take a cab out around 1pm last Friday 9/6/13.  The pros:  Easy to get to by cab as all the drivers know which shop you want to visit even if you don't know the address.  There is a taxi line immediately across the street so also very easy to get a cab back to your hotel. Fremont St is about a 10 minute walk from the shop so you can easily do both in one visit. The neighborhood isn't as scary as some reviews make it out to be, but common sense and care should be exercised (walk with a buddy, put your camera and valuables away and be aware of your surroundings). There is a CASH ONLY drink and hot dog stand in one of the two parking lots attached to the store. This is a lifesaver in 90+ degree heat and the man at the register is absolutely a pleasure to deal with. Staff inside the shop were extremely helpful, friendly and very knowledgable. You will see some interesting things in the shop. You won't have to wonder what you're missing if you make the effort to visit. Good opportunity to chat with others waiting in line if you are a people person. Lots of Pawn Star souvenirs for sale in the shop.The cons: don't expect to walk into the store and be greeted by your favorite star. We waited over an hour ( it seems during filming they don't let anyone new into the building). This is really relevant if you are visiting midday as temps easily break 100 degrees. The store is so crowded with fellow gawkers that it is hard to see the merchandise cases and the store is much smaller in person then it appears on tv. The selection of items for sale wasn't that great on the day of our visit (see below for my theory on this). If the stars do happen to be there when you visit (as Chumlee was when we visited) they will be surrounded so quickly by fans that you will have a hard time getting a pic or autograph.  All in all I'm glad I went but I don't feel the need to ever go again now that I've seen what it's all about. The merchandise for sale wasn't as impressive as many of the things you see on the show.  I suspect their inventory is lower than in the past. If my visit was at all representative of a typical day, more people show up to meet the stars than sell anything so that could be why their inventory lacked some of the exciting "wow" items you see on tv. Lastly I felt bad for my Homey Chumlee. Folks were shouting at him every which way to get his attention and snapping photos to the point that the flashes were hurting MY eyes. Chum was his polite and good natured self but seemed almost uncomfortable with all the attention. I can't quite put my finger on it because he did and said everything right, but something about him seemed melancholy and made me decide not to pursue an autograph. Instead I snapped a no flash pic at a distance. Go and form your own opinion like I did. If nothing else you'll have something to cross off your bucket list.
1	Disappointment. It seems that all this place is now is a tourist trap. You are shuttled in like cattle and when trying to be friendly to the security inside the door you are told rudely "don't block the door" as if you have any where to go. Nobody asks you if you need any help with anything. Overpriced merchandise. Small and cramped nothing like what it looks like on TV. Huge area set up for their TV show merchandise. Don't waste your time.
3	This was on my can't miss Vegas list. I adore the show and really wanted to visit and pay homage to what I believe to be some truly entertaining television.I arrived about 11:30am on a Monday when they happened to be filming. The line wasn't huge but one of the staff informed us it would be about an hour wait. As I'd walked the strip from the MGM Grand I was pretty set on seeing the inside then and there. Also waits don't particularly bother me so I settled in. They opened the doors exactly when promised and I was was super stoked to get inside. In the store filming were Corey and their local toy expert (whose name I can't recall off the top of my head). I tried not to stare and be as gushy and star struck as I wanted to be as I know it's a business. Nonetheless it was pretty cool.The shop itself is composed of about 50% pawn shop (the part you see on the show). This is also where a lot of the items you see being sold on television are stored, along with numerous other pieces of high end jewelry, watches, odds and ends etc. The back half of the shop is dedicated to a plethora of fan merchandise. As far as shopping was concerned I was approached soon after I entered by Jose. I wasn't dressed particularly well (it was a long walk and a hot day) but he was nonetheless very friendly, helpful and professional, which I appreciated. I ended up buying a few items - both from the pawn shop and the gift shop (they're separate). Very pleased with the service I received and Jose's cheerful, professional manner (that guy deserves a raise). My only complaint is that you're unable to take photos. I get that it's a business and I'm sure there are a multitude of professional and legal reasons why having tourists photograph while filming isn't a thing. I was just disappointed. I also would have liked to meet and greet the stars, if only to say a brief hello and thank you (and, let's not lie, a picture with those dudes would have probably been the highlight of my trip) but I also understand why that isn't a thing they do. Still... It would have been nice.
4	My family and I are huge fans of the show and were a little suspect of visiting after reading reviews.  It was definitely worth the visit.  Yeah, none of the stars of the show where there, but we didn't expect it.  The shop is small, but there are a lot of the items for sale from the show.  We all felt it was worth the trip and was a great photo op.
1	I'll start by saying I've been a big fan of this show for years now. We were in the area and decided to drive by the store. First pass by there was a long line down the sidewalk. Drove by a little later and no line so we parked and went in. My jaw dropped......not in a good way. What a hole. I commend the producers of the Pawn Stars show for polishing this turd. They had to buff it hard and use lots of smoke an mirrors to get it to look like it does for TV. First of all it's SMALL in there. Was expecting to see lots of cool stuff, not so. Staff there is cold and not so friendly. And Rick, Corey, Chumlee and Old Man? Nowhere to be seen. Evidently they hide out behind walls and closed doors and do not mingle with fans. That was disappointing especially after going over from here to Ricks Restoration and seeing exact opposite. If you are pressed for time go to Ricks Restoration and don't waste your time here. I only spent 5 minutes here but that's 5 I'll never get back. Oh, they have a counter in back to fleece your dollars from your for tee shirts and stupid trinkets. Cheesey stuff, all of it. Expected so much more from these guys. Come on Rick and lazy a s s  Corey you got to do better than this.
2	First trip was six years ago.  Last year very disappointing.  This year. Not any more.  Celebrity has overtaken the culture and attitude.  Sorry customers are such an inconvenience.  Word is really getting out.   It has become a smug attitude. Sad
1	Imagine you were a kid and thought you were going to Disneyland but instead found yourself in one of those seedy traveling carnivals. I guess what I'm saying is if you think your going to see lots of cool stuff for sale, see Rick, Big Hoss, Chumlee or the Old man you will likely be very, very disappointed. The shop is SMALL and unimpressive. They are hawking a bunch of cheap trinkets in the back of the store in case the casinos haven't taken your last dime. I'm glad I didn't wait in line to see this place. I expected much more out of Rick and Big Hoss. Now I think of them as Sick and Big Loss. Keep your visions from the show in your head that this place is big and full of neat stuff and that the stars are down to earth and accessible. You may regret seeing this place and realizing all the guys hide behind walls from the fans.
1	Came a long way to see this place. Was in town for a mini vacation with co workers and I brought my husband. His main goal was to visit this place. He WAS a huge fan. 1.) Waited in line an hour. Got there around 930am. 2.) Once inside, several unfamiliar faces stood behind the counters. The place is very, very small. The merchandise is ridiculously overpriced, and the overpriced, mostly- Chumlee souvenirs fills up more than one-third of the small store. 3.) Of course, we asked where the Pawn Stars guys were and we were told they were in the back offices of the store because they had just finished filming a segment. (ok....resting up from WHAT exactly??) 4.) After 20 mins, we were told that the guys were going to be filming another segment in 10 mins so we (their FANS) would have to wait outside again. During this 10 mins, the producers handpicked a handful of stand-in customers, had therm sign releases, then instructed the rest of us to leave the building. 4.) My husband quietly told a male staff member that this was a big disappointment. The male staff member's reply: "Well, it's a lot like sex; not everyone is going to enjoy it." (Insightful...?) 5.) At no time did we catch even a slight glimpse of the 4 reality, borderline (and temporary) "celebrities". One male employee said the reason they don't come out to visit with fans is because people would be  too busy trying to get autographs and pics rather than buying merchandise. * Their "merchandise" including the souvenirs are insanely overpriced. Customers may be more apt to buy this stuff from one of the guys they enjoy watching on tv rather than from friendly but unfamiliar faces who appear to snarl whenever fans ask "Where are they???" -- which is pretty often. * Two words: Fan Appreciation. Their shop is mediocre compared to other pawn shops in Vegas, the neighborhood is lousy, and their stuff is too overpriced. By some strange twist of fate, this place was selected for fame. And the fame exists only because of their fans. * Reality shows are created every day. Pawn Stars' 15 minutes of fame is nothing but a brief glimmer in the pan. It won't last forever. And when it's over, hopefully the courtesy and appreciation these guys showed their fans is remembered and reciprocated.
4	Going in you have to remember this is both a Pawn shop and tourist destination.. We went a few months back and had a great time. We pulled right up and got parking in the md morning and stood in line for about ten minutes. Once insdie we were able to view most of the merchandise and saw a lot of items from the show. the employees were very polite and we even bought a small keychain with one of the guys on it..ha..Overall the crowds were not too big and you will notice the store is much smaller than on tv.The location is about ten minutes from the edge of the strip heading downtown and it's definitely  in the older part of town. I might bring them a Classic Coin op game next time we are in town who knows might get on the show...There is a ton of merchandise with the shops stars on it keychains,shirts,etc..fun experience to do at least once when you are in Vegas..
2	Gets 2 stars because they have a small selection of very cool collectables and nice staff. Jewelry collection is small and not to interesting. Lots of cheap new jewelry.They need to clean the sidewalk in front of the store they make enough money
3	I've watched the show and did enjoy going into the pawnshop and even bought some souvenirs. Now when we were there were people who were getting your info to be apart of the show or something like that. We signed up to what we thought was possibly to be their when they were shooting. Now 3 months later we are getting phone calls from people saying we won the pawn stars raffle. We can get this and that with a small fee and if we watch a 90 min presentation we can make our vacations more affordable. This is when I realized that Pawn Stars sold our information to those crazy "scammy" timeshare people who will do anything to try to get you to sign contracts to buy their timeshares. So this really pisses me off. So if you go to Vegas never give out your info to anyone, even if they are from pawn stars. Not worth it, they will just sell your info. I would give it 5 stars but this makes me lose some respect for them and their image. WTH PAWNSTARS!!!!
5	Visited in late October 2013, for a quick stop in Las Vegas before returning home to Illinois.  The line out front moved quickly.  We were in line for less than 10 minutes before we were allowed in the door.  All of the staff, from the parking lot attendants, the man at the front door, to the staff inside were very helpful and friendly.  We asked if we could take pictures, and we were told ABSOLUTELY, just not in the area where people were in doing business.  We were just there to see the shop and buy some souvenirs.
2	Went there Saturday night and while it was cool to go there and see the place there was really nothing to see since the guys were not there and most of the stuff is way over priced in my opinion, so I only spent about 5 minutes in the place.They should use some of their money for a remodel.
3	Pawn Stars:  The Gift Shop.Heading North towards downtown from The Strip, I noticed the crowd outside before I even realized what this place was.  Of course I've seen the show, and even meant to make a visit here if the opportunity presented itself-- and suddenly there it was in all of it's glory: Pawn Stars.This place is a short walk from Fremont Street (or a very LONG walk from The Strip).  I took a few photos from the sidewalk in front and got the scoop on seeing the Pawn Stars themselves from one of the security guys outside: basically, you don't.  They show up for the filming of the show, and the store is closed to the public until they've finished and gone.  Pretty much exactly what I figured; but I didn't waste much time here and the pics I took didn't cost a penny.  So three stars for Pawn Stars!
4	Pretty much what the other reviewers said, the pawn shop is small, with over half being taken up by t-shirts and other memorabilia.  I have to give and extra star for how well organized everything is.  If you take a cab, they have it pull into the lot across the street with a couple of guys there to monitor things.  They also have a few port o let's there.  They will help you get across the busy street.  There are a couple of guys in the parking lots by the stores helping you park if you drive there.  The line wasn't too long and the guy at the front letting people in was very friendly and answered all the questions thrown at him.  I bought an old man silver coin as a souvenir, but I'm guessing most of their money comes from the merchandise they sell and the over priced food stand in the parking lot.  Although it was nice to get a bottle of water in the hot Vegas sun.  I can see why these guys made the money they did even prior to the TV show.
5	I have never been in a pawn shop before, and I read the reviews so I knew what to expect AND what not to expect. I was pleasantly surprised, it was actually better than everyone says. First, I sold a piece of jewelry to them and was given a pretty fair price. Then I browsed the store. Some of the prices were high, others seemed on point. I was seriously interested in an item and was offered a discount on the ticket price, but ultimately passed. I wanted to know more about it and the clerk did what he could to answer, plus he let me Google, and even compare prices on any others currently for sale online --- prices turned out to be higher online. So I don't agree with the "overly expensive" reviews I see for this shop. I think the staff is great, considering the amount of foot traffic they get every single day. Everyone was courteous and professional, right down to the parking lot attendants. Chumlee arrived just as we were leaving Yay! and was so gracious to let us take a pic with him and also autograph a Pawn Stars photo we got as a bonus for the purchase we did finally make. We know we got lucky. They are expanding the store. I hope with more pawn, not t-shirts. We will be back, and maybe we'll find another cool item to buy next time.
2	I Am a big fan of Pawn Stars. I have watched every episode, so when I was planning my trip to Las Vegas, this was a place to visit. My fiancee and I got there about 15 minutes before the shop opened. Was the 15th person in line, no problem. Then shop opened and we walked in and looked around. Maybe Because of how they filmed the shop i expected more, but to me the shop was small, it was a little dingy and it just did not have the impact or the wow factor that I thought it would, or that it has on TV. Walking around we did see stuff from the show and thought that it was neat, but it just didn't seem like it was all that inviting. Nothing bad happened, the employees were friendly and helpful, it just wasn't what I expected. Maybe that is just me, but if you are a fan of the show, come in and see it.
4	We read the reviews beforehand, so we had pretty low exoectations. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, it's small and some of it has been made into a gift shop. There was lots of stuff to look at either way. They had signs for the stuff that was on the show. We bought a magnet for a few bucks, definitely not the most expensive shop in vegas. Also, we were given a military discount which is always nice. Our taxi driver said that they film a couple hours on weekday mornings, so the shop is closed to tourists then. Our wait also wasn't long, maybe 15 minutes. We never expected to see the pawn stats guys. Why on earth would they still work all the time? None of us would!Anyway, if you're really into the show this is a cool stop. It's very close to Fremont street, so if you're downtown this is a quick stop. There are also taxis across the street for an easy ride back.
3	Not the most amazing way to spend a hour, but the men wanted to take a look.  Parking is atrocious, so bring your patience.Stand in line outside, wait until some people leave, then go into a small-medium-sized store full of stuff.  Mostly jewelry (rings and such), with guitars and other crap in the back.Overpriced show merchandise in the back too.
3	A boring rainy night in Vegas watching pawn stars we decides to take a trip down to check it out and bring some old coins in. It was really small! Half of it was more like a gift shop. The staff was upbeat and friendly but the guy buying items was not that nice. It was cool to say I got to go there but I was hoping for some more items to see besides chum lees mug on a beach towel, hoodie, coin, dollar bill, coaster lol you name it!
5	Huge fan of the show. I went off peak hours and nearly had the whole place to myself. Dennis was amazing: talked about the show, commercials being filmed there, and shared a few behind the scenes moments. I sold an antique silver needle case just for the experience...for $7. Another check off the bucket list.
1	used watches are priced higher than brand new. They are asking $6200 for a used Cartier Pasha Seatimer that's sells for $5000 brand new and around $3200 used. Although they did mention that offers are welcome, I don't feel that they would deserve my business if they have already tried to rip me off. Also there aren't a a lot of cool merchandise in the store and half the store space is used to sell their own souvenirs as if they are some sort of celebrities. I am a big fan of the show because I find it educational, but the store itself is neither a good pawn shop, nor a decent museum.
1	Pawn Stars Rip Off artists!! My boss's niece stole some rare coins that had been graded and were sealed in plastic cases and were valued at about $40,000. She sold them at the Pawn Stars pawn shop for about $10,000. The police found this out but were told by the pawn shop that, since the law doesn't require them to hold CURRENCY for any waiting period, they had already melted the coins down. Even the police investigator knows this is bullshit as the coins by weight would only have been worth about $7,000 and no pawn shop pays out more than a fraction of the actual value of an item. A pawn shop like this would CERTAINLY have known what these coins were worth as they were graded at the very top of the scale for coins. It's good to know that, even with all their success, they are still just scummy rip-off artists at their core! I know they lost a viewer with me.
4	A must see for Valley residents who haven't been here but are aware of the hype behind the show. No waiting if you show Nevada ID. I enjoyed browsing the merchandise and usually take visitors here too. I haven't bought anything here yet, but will return periodically to check out the show items for sale.
4	My boyfriend and I visited the pawn shop while we were vacationing in Las Vegas because he is a fan of the show. We waited in line outside for about 15 minutes, which was fine considering the amount of people waiting to get inside. When we got in, I found the place to be rather small, but was still very interesting to visit. As most of the other people mentioned, it appears a lot bigger on TV, but has a lot of items in the shop, considering the actual size of the place. There was a lot of different items to check out, and was a nice experience and tourist attraction. We also got to meet Akon as he was exiting the shop, which was a plus!
4	It was fun to visit the Pawn Shop that I see often on TV. I've stopped a few times but this is the first time I actually got inside. People are often lined up outside waiting to get in. I can't help but think that the show helps them sell a lot of merchandise they would otherwise not sell.Still.. inside I saw many items that had been on the show for years, so those items are not selling. I saw a watch for $22,000 in the case as well as many other high priced items. Does anyone actually end up buying this stuff?They do offer a bunch of tourist items including t-shirts, etc. That didn't bother me. I'm sure they had to offer something for tourists. It would be dumb not to take advantage of their fame.When you come to the shop the first thing that strikes you is that it's in a seedy part of town. Then you see the small dated building and think "That's it??"  No matter, the show is a hit and the visit is worth it. I didn't see any of the "stars" of the show. The probably do not need to work killer hours anymore and it's probably a pain for them to simply walk in their own shop. If you are coming to Vegas it's worth a stop if you like Pawn Stars at all.
4	Let's face it you're reading these reviews not because your looking for a pawn shop but want to know if it's worth the trip as a fan of the show? Answer is definitely, we got there quite late in the day and parking was very easy and the line was less than 10 minutes. It might have been even less because I think  we were held up entering as they were still filming. This in itself was a bonus and a drawback. The boys had already left which was a minus but we did see some stuff that will feature on an upcoming show (look out for the morse code instruments) probably the biggest disappointment from the filming was  the no photo policy. We ended up buying some cool coins and some silver bullion. I left wondering if the show has actually hurt the store as it didn't seem very well stocked even for a small shop. End of the day it was a feel good been there checked it out moment from being a fan if the show.
3	I just wanted to say that I came here while in Vegas. It is just north of the busy Strip on the way to Fremont Street. They house lots of jewelry and some hard to find vintage items. Not as large as it appears to be on TV. If you come here expecting to find something cheap, just buy one of their tourist memorabilia. It was something to do while I was visiting Vegas.
5	The date of this review is 12/23/2013.I am an avid follower of the Pawn Stars show on TV. Since we were in Las Vegas that day and we had some free time at our hand, my wife and I decided to visit the Pawn Shop. We arrived at the store around 2:00 p.m. Contrary to what many have reported here, parking was ample and the waiting line to get in was not bad. We waited less than 10 minutes to get in.As many have reported here, the shopping (viewing) area is a little small. We recognized many items in the showcases as ones we have seen on the TV shows. Most of the people were window shopping and taking pictures. We decided to purchase a 1977 Ike Silver coin along with a T-shirt. Granted that items in shop are not cheap, but we do not visit Las Vegas every week. We will keep the coin and will give the T-Shirt to our son-in-law.The staff who assisted us with our purchases were very friendly and cordial. I mentioned to the pawn station manager that I have every issue of the Playboy magazine since 1979, all in mint condition, and would like to sell them. He asked me to call in advance and set up an appointment as they may be interested in taping the transaction.Overall, we enjoyed visiting the Gold & Silver Pawn Shop and we will stop there again should we find ourselves in Las Vegas again.We are giving a 4.5 / 5.0 points for the shop.
2	Spent 6 days in Vegas over Xmas and one of our stops was Gold and Silver Pawn Shop. Got in a block long line that went rather fast. When I got inside, the disappointment started. This Pawn Shop is very small, TV makes it look bigger. Does not look like the show in some ways. Most of the items were in jewelry cases but not very much large items except for a few motorcycles. I challenge anybody to dispute this fact, about 30% of this shop was souvenirs. Frankly I expected to see tee shirts and some other souvenirs but not 30% of the shop. If you buy an item and a souvenir, you have to go to two different places to pay. Was told by an employee, that the Gang basically only comes in when taping, except for the old man. This is your typical case of show business going to your head. It looks like only about 40% of the people leaving bought anything. These guys for now are celebrities but you know what they say, what goes up, must come down. There are slot machines themed for the show. Seedy part of town also. They have a little area in the parking lot to buy snacks. Actually, there is an Antique Store across the street I enjoyed more. Just telling the facts.
2	Disappointing, the place is tiny and not worth it. Just drive by and take a picture if you want. Its one of those things you do, just to say you did.
2	This place has a much smaller showroom floor than expected. I understand that items move fast, but I thought there would be more items to see. Half of the shop provides memorabilia, while the other half has actual pawn items for sale (although overpriced in most cases). As for the actual pawned items: There was mostly jewelry, some guns, guitars, motorcycles, currency/coins, and other miscellaneous items. As for the memorabilia: There are shirts, magnets, playing cards, plates, hats, bottle openers, post cards, etc.  If you watch the show, it is a neat experience to actually come here, but I wouldn't go out of my way to see this place. The employees are very friendly and helpful. The "stars" were not present when I visited, as they were said to be on vacation. I wouldn't go back expecting to actually see them working the floor. I recommend buying something of actual value as a souvenir, such as a silver coin.
2	I won't write a long review here.  This place does not warrant it. You have to wait in a line to get into the shop that really doesn't have much to offer.I was very unimpressed. Do not pay the $65 for the pawn star tour. You will be very disappointed
4	Didn't see the main guys because they weren't filming but the staff were extraordinarily kind and helpful here. Line was about a half hour wait but once inside, was great to browse around. I bought 3 silver rings at great prices (15-25 bucks) and a souvenir shirt for my bro... 30 bucks. Eeee. Still. Worth and value type of deal. But yea, was none of that. Haaaaa..!!Done. Off my list now.
5	Super cool to go see. We went on a Tuesday afternoon in October 2013 around 4. Had a rental car and parked right out front and walked right in. Finished up here after a weekend business trip. After inside its a lot smaller than on the show. We only walked around for about 10 min. Didn't really explorer the place that much but was worth the trip. Not really anything I would buy in there but cool to walk around and see of the weird stuff. We were allowed to take pictures inside. A cool stop if you have some time to kill. Must see if you love the show. Nobody from the show was there while we where there. Probably explains how we parked and walked right in with no problems. Cool!!!! Go see it!!!
5	We went on a Saturday morning, 9am...we had a wonderful time!  The parking lot on the premises made parking a breeze, and the 2 attendants were so kind and welcoming, even taking family photos for us in front of the sign, and in front of the Mt.Rushmore painting behind the building!  We walked right inside and there were less than ten people visiting....I have no idea what the people are talking about on this site....the shop was very clean, very nice, with great stuff, well displayed ... Behind the counters, the staff were experts in their fields of merchandise (the jewelry employee is a gemologist who took a lot of time explaining some great facts about diamond cuts and gems to our interested daughter!)  Everyone was so gracious and kind, and we enjoyed our visit immensely, especially seeing where Rick and Old Man sit when filming at their desks.  If you love the show, go see the shop!!!!!!  It's a blast....just go early!!!
3	"It doesn't matter what my profit margin is, I own the f@#$ing place."~Old Man HarrisonThis place reminds me the Big Mac that seen on TV Commercial looks big and juicy. However, when you actually go get one is totally opposite from the ads.  It located almost out of nowhere location in downtown Las Vegas.  This is a Tourist Hot Spot, the store sure know how's to take advantage of their fame...  Almost half all stuff in the pawnshop is their merchandise; many of them can found on-line.This pawnshop had the same layout and shape like typical one, but it got army of staff both inside and outside.  It got its own parking lot which is nice, but won't enough in the weekend.  The reason many people wanted to come here, is really wanted a chance to see the real Pawn Star cast, but reality they almost never here at all.  Only any real change you get to meet them is to win a raffle. There are some cool stuff in the shop, but that's very small of collection from what it show in TV.  Their main business in the shop is to sell jewelry, after all they name of the store is Gold and Silver ! I don't recommend come in the weekend, there will be always a very long line.  Best go there during weekday when the line is usually is much shorter.  One of the nice thing they did in the shop but is really mostly for PR, they had a machine that let you create a free E-Card so you can share to Facebook or just send it to email.  The machine is very slow and the camera will capture many other people in the background that is not from your group.  Camera is allow in the store except in the cashier section. I won't come back here unless those cast member are actually there which most likely not unless you won the raffle which I don't I think I did.  Don't just come to Vegas because you only want goes to this shop, there is far more things to do in the Sin City.  This is more like onetime thing for 99% of people.
1	Don't bother waiting in line for 45 min. to go to this pawn shop. A definite waste of valuable Vegas time. There's hardly any inventory left; the guy behind the counter said they'd sold 30 years' worth of stuff in 4 years, since the show made them famous. Plus, no Chumlee sighting! ;-(
4	Go with low or no expectation and you'll find yourself enjoying the visit. Since I've never been inside of a pawn shop (especially one you see on tv), I caught myself fascinated with the things they have especially the late 1500's Holy Bible for $6000. Somebody bought it yet? We anticipated a long queue at the entrance and hoped to sight TV personalities but both were nowhere to be found.
4	Such a cool site. Attendants in the parking lot greeted us as we walked up from LV Blvd and shared some personal stories about their experience with the cast. We were also escorted to the back of the building and had our photo taken in front of a unique pawn stars mural. I've heard a lot of people complain that they only sell promotional stuff here but that's just not true. There was promo merch but so much more of the store was cool stuff, like you expect from tv. the championship rings and world war II maps were my favorite items.
5	My experience was a good one. We got to the shop around 11am and there was a line a mile long. But- I actually had something to sell them, which got me and my wife immediately in the door. To your left (no photos allowed) is where they film a lot of the show. I got to go right up and present my item to a very nice gentlemen who gave me a VERY FAIR price. I almost got what I asked for and as I'm leaving, Chumlee comes out to sign autographs. Got my receipt signed which looks great hanging on my wall now! Chum was a little quiet and standoff ish- but hey- when you have a swarm of people going crazy when you come to the counter, I can understand why he's like that. Very cool experience, staff was great, and got a great price on my item. (not to mention a cool story for my friends and customers)   Some hints for those going to the shop. 1. Go during the week between 9-4pm. You will have a better chance of seeing someone. On weekends- ain't gonna happen. 2. Bring something to sell. You will go to the front of the line and save yourself a long wait in line. 3. Don't expect so much- it's a pawn shop. 4. Go to Clark County museum in Henderson, NV. Mark was there and was giving tours. He's very gracious and doesn't mind talking to you and taking photos. Just don't ask for his autograph.. :) He'll explain.
2	Not worth the $20 cab ride from the strip. It's located in a seedy section of town and has a line stretching to the neighboring strip joint. The store itself is small and has a very unwelcoming feel to it. I've seen the show before so I was hoping to see some cool memorabilia at the very least. Nope. Just junky jewelry and  their own line of merchandise. Tacky and so not worth it. Save yourself the time and money, don't go.
1	Disregarded my question that I had and hung up on me. Could have been professional about it, ended up just being an asshole. Terrible Service.
3	Called a while ago and spoke with Chum. After he was helpful and answered my question, he thanked me for "stopping by" then waited for me to laugh... Which I did.Second call inquiring about buying and selling of riaa gold plaques, Big Hoss told me some disappointing news, but was very polite about it. He said they weren't buying any and weren't selling the ones they had.He was cool though, same as Chum.My third call was the most important and the nice girl who answered surprised me when she transferred me to Rick. I didn't know it was him until the call ended abruptly and my wife said, you know who that was? The call had been on speaker phone. Point is, I was inquiring about selling a significant artifact from antiquity. Something I thought Rick would love. Its 2500 years old! But before I could even get half way through a sentence, Rick hung up in my face. Which is odd  because I was polite and had barely said 5 or 6 words to him. Now he's on TV telling the guys to work on their  customer service. That's ironic! My brother and his wife visited recently and sadly, the place has turned in to a huge tourist trap with lines and concessions. In essence I always though it was likely an interesting place with cool guitars, art and all kinds of historic collectibles. And silver and gold, of course. Which Im sure it still is. Anyway... Rick, it won't kill you to be a little nicer to people, even if God took all your hair away... We didn't!. Boys, keep it easy and coolCES-ONEWASH HOUSE MUSIC HAWAII
4	Pawn Shop or Tourist Attraction?As someone who frequently seeks out cultural memorabilia in pawn shops and thrift stores, I have always found Las Vegas to be a treasure trove.  In fact, before the show Pawn Stars (of which I am a fan) premiered, I went into Gold and Silver Pawn several times and even purchased a few items from them.But, the success of the show, as can be expected, has changed Gold and Silver Pawn quite dramatically. Now, if you go to the shop, as so many do, expect to wait in line for quite a long time to get inside. If you're lucky, and you drive by the shop at just the right time, you may be able to get in without waiting in line. But, that is very rare. Also, once inside, don't expect to see only a few customers as is depicted on T.V.  It is pretty much always filled with a line of tourists walking their way through the shop, asking to see items that were purchased on the show. Which they never seem to have...Some people comment about the lack of congenial service. The people who say this have, most likely, never been into an actual pawn shop. The employees are not there to be friendly, they are there to make money.  And, I can imagine it gets pretty annoying to constantly be asked, "Where's the Old Man or where's Chumlee?" The thing about Gold and Silver Pawn is you must understand what you're getting into before you go there. Number one, expect a line -- both inside and out. Number two, you may, but you probably won't, see any of the show's cast members. Finally, (no disrespect intended), but if you actually want to buy or sell something at a pawn shop in Las Vegas, it is probably best to go to one of the other pawn shops in the area that are not dominated by the tourist trade.
2	Wow!!  After reading all the horrible reviews on this place I have since canceled my trip to Las Vegas.  To bad, I realty liked the show its very entertaining . I hope they change before they lose customers!
3	Visited a week ago, and left sad. The Old Man was drinking what appeared to be motor oil, and kept lurching across the counter to try to bite people's babies. Chumlee was helpful, keeping him at bay with a spritzer bottle of vinegar.
2	I didn't expect to see Chumlee or anything but did expect some cool antiques. I did not see any cool antiques. Kinda depressing overall, as was Vegas in general.
2	I am a fan of the show but would not recommend visiting the store. None of the stars were there and it looks different than on the show. You can buy/sell here but the whole back of the store sells T-Shirts and souvenirs.  In my opinion, visiting the store changed my opinion of the actual show.in a negative way.
1	Where to even BEGIN my review of this DUMP and the MINDLESS, BRAINWASHED, FOOLS who wait in line to catch a glimpse of NOTHING inside is the question.  Not since "Pink's Hot Dogs" in Los Angeles, have I seen such a ridiculously long line of mindless, brainwashed, DONKEYS waiting to be disappointed!  Fools from all over the world who actually BELIEVE what they see on TV and are easily manipulated into thinking they are in for a treat by standing in line with other MORONS just like them!  Well let me pull the curtain back for all who are planning on coming to Las Vegas and hoping to catch a glimpse of the Pawn Stars cast members and believe they will be walking into a nice clean business that is filled with unique treasures and valuable items they have seen on TV.  After waiting in line for hours, and the curtain is finally pulled back, one will see NOTHING they are expecting!  And are sure to be disappointed!  But one will of course piss their money away on cheap souvenirs before walking out.....IDIOTS!No cast members work here anymore (Except for shoot days), the place is a DUMP with S#@T for sale just thrown into their dirty display cases with no effort for neatness (Just as any educated person would expect from a pawn shop) but perhaps the best gag of all is the fact that this rat hole makes more money off selling their merchandising items to mindless tourists then by buying and selling items shown on Pawn Stars.  Some of the WORST merchandising items ever created from a TV series (i.e. cast member bobble heads, lame coins w/cast members faces on the, cheap low quality T-Shirts, and various other garbage that sophisticated people would never even consider buying!) P.T. Barnum said it best....."There is a sucker born every minute, and two to take 'em".....in this case, four to take 'em!!!!Good luck trying to call these clowns, they NEVER answer the phones....not even sure why they still have phone lines, a waste of money if you ask me.  I tried calling them several times due to a rare poster I saw on the show that I wanted to buy.  Guess they are no longer in business to sell items (Except for their TV branded merchandise)The donkey selling hot dogs outside to the brainwashed crowd, while it is a genius idea to take even further advantage of the long line of fools, I believe the cart is owned by a relative of the pawn shop owner (Go figure)  They also claim to sell "Vienna" hot dogs, which anyone that has been to Chicago knows, are the BEST dogs in the world.  But I highly doubt they are Vienna, my guess is they are Ball Park dogs bought in bulk at Costco and are only being passed off as authentic Vienna dogs.  The Vienna brand umbrella that is displayed above the cart was most likely pawned for pennies on the dollar from a customer years ago.  Most of you, if not all of you reading this will most likely NOT take my advice of saving you time, money, and your high expectations, and will venture into the long line of waiting SUCKERS anyway.  While it is not my goal to UNBRAINWASH you, it is my goal to pull back the curtain and let you know in advance what to expect when you arrive at this DUMP with the rest of the donkeys.  While I can't fault the owners of Gold & Silver Pawn for profiting off the success of their hit television show, I can fault them for poor customer service.  Not only do they NOT answer the phones, they also do not list any items of interest that were bough on the show, on their website.  However one can CERTAINLY buy their merchandising GARBAGE online!  It is clear Gold & Silver Pawn is no longer in the pawn business, they are in the retail business of selling themselves.  The only question left is.....how long will it last? Enjoy!
5	I am uncertain what the people who gave bad reviews were expecting.  If you are wanting to see the "Pawn Stars"- you probably won't.  If you want to see a store full of priceless items- you probably won't.  If you want to see a store the size of Walmart- you probably won't.My wife and I had a great time.  We went late Saturday afternoon/early evening, so the line was not bad at all.  We got in and looked around.  For the amount of customers/tourists who where in the store, I felt the customer service was adequate.  There were a few items from the show on display, which was pretty neat.  I tried to buy my wife a gold bracelet, but we ended up being $100 off (they were at $600 and I was at $500), so we couldn't come to a deal.  This is not to say that they were unreasonable with their prices, but they just wanted a little more than I was willing to pay that day.The shop was exactly what they say it is- a pawn shop.  As far as pawn shops go, the items they have are high quality and clean.  If you are looking to meet the "Pawn Stars" or be blown away by an elegant showroom, you will be sorely disappointed.  If you want to go to a pawn shop that has higher-end items, then you will have a great time.
3	From the hit TV show Pawn Stars, this is the actual shop! I've only seen a couple episodes of the show, but some of my friends are addicts so my last trip to Vegas included a stop at the now famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop. I had heard nothing but crazy stories about how long the lines for entry into this place were so we decided Saturday and Sunday would be the worst time to stop in. Fortunately we had taken a Friday off of work so we went around 3pm on a Friday and found there was no line whatsoever. It had also been raining that day so maybe that had something to do with it. Parking was great as we found a spot in their parking lot and didn't have to hike, or pay for parking. They have some signage outside which can make for some good photo opportunities, as well as a couple friendly parking attendants which greet you and tell you to walk right in. My first instinct as I entered was that it was really crowded. They had a guy at the front door with his clicker to monitor how many people were inside. I'm not sure what they feel capacity is but it was by far the most crowded pawn shop I've been in. Then again I've probably only been in 2 pawn shops in my life, and I may have been the only one in those 2 at the time. From seeing the TV show, I was expecting this huge pawn shop with large rooms, but I was definitely wrong. This was a long slender room with glass cabinets on both sides and employees everywhere. You could see a lot of vintage items from old guns to old coins. The items mostly were extremely expensive. They had some cheap coins, but several expensive guns and even a $70,000 watch. We have no idea what made it tick as it didn't appear to be working but I decided not to ask how a watch could ever be that expensive. The back half of the store was just a gift shop selling everything from t-shirts to shot glasses and decorative plates. I didn't find the gift shop too expensive as you could get a variety of t-shirts for $15 each or a shot glass for under $5. In the very back is another photo opportunity with a picture of the guys from the show on it you can stand in front of. If you're looking for the guys from the show, they are nowhere to be found. Entry to the shop is free, but if you want to see the cast of Pawn Stars it'll cost you. They have autograph sessions once a day during the week at random times when filming allows. The price... $70!!!!!!! Too rich for my blood, but I suppose if you need your Pawn Stars fix... you can pay to see them, or spend that money on a Cirque show (I recommend). Overall if you're a fan of the show I suppose it's worth checking out and buying a souvenir. Other than that, once you've seen the place once, there's no reason to return.
2	This review is based on the business itself and not the show - we are serious collectors and saw nothing if interest at a realistic price - full blown top of the mark retail prices with substandard service. We saw a few pieces we may have offered about 50% less however no one helped us as we stared at the display case. Next time I'm in Vegas for the weekend I won't be coming back -
5	Well where to start we visited Vegas and Just had to come see the shop, we went first thing in the morning, because we are intelligent enough to understand that there would be a line because of the popularity of the show. We took a cab and were dropped at the front and were able to go right inside. The old man was there and while we did not get to meet him it was cool to see him. The shop is not that big, but it has tons of cool and rare things in there to look at. We bought 2 items, my yellow diamond Charles Krypell ring (we got it at an amazing price considering its value) and 3 bars of silver. We were helped by a very nice older lady who was very knowledgeable and kind.It was such a true treat and neat experience. I was so excited to purchase a ring I have always wanted and even more excited once it was appraised.
5	Don't pay attention to the bad reviews!!!Iv been here twice and it's about what you expect from a pawn shop with a little bit extra as far as antiques and memorabilia go. It seems to be groupies writting reviews mad because they didn't see the TV stars. What did you expect they have become big stars and I'm sure their time is limited at the shop. - AT THE END OF THE DAY REMEMBER ITS JUST A PAWN SHOP!!!
4	Thoughts about Pawn Stars now that I've actually seen the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop in person:* The actual shop is small. INCREDIBLY small. The film crew go to great lengths to hide this fact, from wide angle lenses to lighting; it was considerably darker in the store than it was on TV. * 1/3rd of the shop is dedicated to Pawn Star memorabilia. The other 2/3rds go to a quasi art gallery (Which actually boasts 2 Picasso pieces) and the main counter. The majority of the actual show takes place at the front of the store. * I'm not kidding about that 1/3rd either. It has its own cash register specifically for merch.. * The shop sells silver ounces for market price, which was $27 at the time I was there. BUT....you can buy a silver ounce with one of the cast's mugs on it for $90. * You can also buy a $2 bill with the autographs of all of the main cast on it for $50. It comes with a PS poster and a bracelet which reads "Chumlee is my homeboy" on it. I probably should have spent my money on that instead of gambling it away.I did not come expecting to see the cast. And I didn't. That doesn't bother me. For what it is, it's a decent pawn shop, aside from the block in the middle dedicated to Pawn Stars memorabilia. But then again I guess this isn't your average pawn shop. I really have to admire the collection that they've amounted over the years. All sorts of funky stuff, from old guns and swords to Picasso artwork. BUT...it's clear from the merch that they're milking their fame. And you know what? They have every right to...even though it can get a bit annoying. I'd still rate fairly highly if this wasn't a famous place though. I'd probably never be able to afford most of the cool stuff, but it's good to gawk at for a while.
5	Come here on a sunday and theres barely a line.  Im a fan of the show and everytime i come to vegas this is a must go to destination!
5	They're not here on the weekends, which is when I went.  The line was long, but it moved fast.  Once you get in, you'll see the table they all gather at in the left, then you'll see the two sides full of times, then in the back it's all Pawn Stars stuff - T-shirts, key chains, posters, etc.  Lots of Chumlee stuff too.  I would say they probably make most of their money on Pawn Stars stuff now.  I didn't really see anything out of the ordinary as far as pawned items.Definitely worth our trip, would've been great to see one of the guys, but oh well, next time.
3	Place is ok.  Over hyped like anything with reality TV nowadays.  I peeked in, didn't see anyone from the show.  There was no line, but 95% of the store is Pawn Star souvenir's .I think Rick, Cory, Chum and the old man sit at home waiting for the call to come in when something looks worth filming.Really, you could go into you local pawn shop and see about the same thing.  I'd say it's worth a stop if you are in the area, but don't expect to see anyone from the show
4	This is a one time thing if you go to Vegas. Its located a little south of downtown Vegas. Not that far of a walk about 15 minutes. There is no  entrance fee! Since this show is on the History Channel its pretty cool to go there.  The line is always long, but it moves pretty quickly.  The inside of the store is small especially since the back part of the store is dedicated to souvenirs of the show "Pawn Stars." You could get lucky and find Chumlee or Rick there, because they show up pretty often to the shop.  They film their shows on Friday and Monday at random times of the day.  Its just like any pawn shop over priced. Pretty much no one I've seen go in there and try to sell something everyone just walks around and maybe buys a souvenir or an over priced item from their store. Must go see when going to Vegas.
2	We just got back from Vegas, and visiting this pawn shop. I have to agree with the other negative reviews here about how small this place actually is, and it's basically a Pawn Stars gift shop. I wonder if this location is just a front, and the actual show is filmed in a studio, or what. But still, there is a coolness factor to visiting a international sensation store/show, so two stars for that. Overall a disappointing experience.
3	Got here on a Monday morning. Lineup was only 10 minutes long.The security guy at the door was friendly and personable. He recognized that most Americans are geographically illiterate. (He was not).The showroom wasn't particularly big. It's a narrow space with showcases on each side. They have knick knacks adorning the showcases and walls, A number of items were labelled "as seen on". Prices were very steep. They get an evaluation of $1000 on the show, get it for $600 from the seller, price it at $2000 in the showroom...that's pretty much how it was.I didn't buy anything but it was interesting nonetheless.
3	Cool store, definitely an experience. However, major downfall and disappointment: they didn't have Battletoads. I was really excited to make this purchase and was saddened to go home empty-handed.
3	I really wanted to buy something, but felt rushed by all the crowd. Just not enough help behind the counters. It's some what dark in there. All though I loved seeing the place & really wanted to financially support it, I think they need to get Rick Dales decorator & some tips on how to run people through & still make them feel wanted. If your a fan I say go! Just get there by 9am.
2	Oh, Rick, Chum and the boys... I enjoy your program. Your store however, eh. Rating this purely as a pawn shop, there are way cleaner spots out there that are more entertaining to wander through. But really it's more half pawn shop, half Pawn Stars merch store now anyway. Not that I blame the owners on that call. People want to come? Sell em stuff! I get it. Just warning the long line of tourists I see line up there every morning, there isn't much to see. If you can call ahead and get there on a day they're filming then maybe it's worth it. Otherwise, I'd skip this 'attraction'.
5	Lines seemed long but moved fast. Saw a lot of neat stuff there also we met Mark Patton. The inside is decent size and easy to move around and see stuff had a good experience recommend you must go check this out.
2	Honestly...don't waste your time...especially if your on a time-crunch...it's so disappointing as a matter of fact, that if your an avid fan of the show, afterwards your opinion may change completely...sad but true, but ever since I visited the place, it's been rather difficult to endure an episode of pawn stars nowadays :(.
3	I'm a big fan of the show so it was a must see for me visiting from Australia. There was a couple of items I recognized from the show. I purchased a very overpriced oldMan silver coin and enjoyed looking at the various items for sale. It wasn't as good as Ricks restorations as it feels more commercialized.
2	What's the big deal?? I watch the show and all but I don't understand why people want to see this place!! It's small, it's not in the best area of the city and the line is ridiculous!! The mother in law wanted to see this place so we decided to play tourist. I don't want to be mean, but what a waste of time!! Everything is so jacked up in prices and they didn't even have that much stuff!! The front half of the store was the actual pawn shop and the back half was the souvenir shop. Chumlee finally made a grand appearance and everyone flocked around to take pics, blocking off the entire walkway of the store!! I wasn't star struck at all but my mother in law got A.D.D while I was chatting with her and yells out "look there's Chumlee!" Completely ignoring me and busting out her camera. I'm glad she got to see it but I wouldn't come back on my own time.
4	I will say that reading some of the reviews on yelp before going helped me gauge my expectations a little. We had just left the Neon Museum and were heading down to Old Vegas and decided to stop in since there was no line. I would have passed on visiting and avoided a line based on the reviews.I will say that I am glad the wife, our friend and I stopped in. I am not sure what the haters were expecting, but yes it's a tiny space. The cameras and the angles they use for the show make it seem huge by comparison. It wasn't crowded, so that was not a problem. It's true that the back part of the shop is basically a souvenir shop for all things Chumlee and Old Man. I guess they figured that more people would buy a souvenir versus a $100 or $1000 item. They had cool stuff on the walls and in the cases. The wife looked at the jewelry and bought a pair of earrings that she liked. The guy helping her was nice and personable. She looked at a ring and when he gave her the price, he said that it was negotiable. Of course none of the cast was there, and I would be surprised if they would even be there at all if they are not taping. The guy at the door was a little gruff, but I can imagine all the people that were in that day earlier and he was probably ready to go home. I was surprised that they are only really open from 9am to 9pm as gruffy told me. They are open 24hrs I guess if you want to pawn something at their drive/walk up window.All in all, it was a cool place to pop in and I would return, but I still can't say that I would stop when there is a line out the door.
4	Went Thursday at 8pm to avoid lines as we were told. Cool stuff, friendly staff and a steady stream of visitors. Took our pics, chatted with friendly visitors and left happy with our experience. Loved the weird, old stuff, the allure of a famous landmark and the famous paintings.
4	It was a little bigger than I expected after reading all the reviews, didn't get to see anyone (as expected) but hey what do you expect? they had some cool stuff inside, there was no line, and the staff was pleasant. It's exactly what you would expect from a pawn shop that is famous. Prices are out of line on most things, but what pawn shop isn't? That is what negotiating is for. All in all it was a cool place to see. (I can tell you that seeing the place kinda takes some of the magic out of watching the show. They have a lot of stuff to buy in the gift shop. I thought it would be funny to buy a bobble head doll then immediately try to pawn it. turns out they really aren't worth as much as they sell them for. :(
2	The showroom is very tiny. Here's a tip - Do NOT fill out the "Win a VIP" Tour cards outside of the store. It is a scam. I got a call saying I won and was offered a hotel package as well. I was driving so I couldn't take down any information. I called back 3 times and was ignored. Then my number was blocked. I googled the number they called me from and turns out they were also try to scam them into PAYING $199 to receive the package. I guess they blocked me because I'm a local. Disappointing because I would've loved a stay-cation. Here is the number they called me from - just google it and the comments will appear: 702.331.8691
4	It is what it is, a pretty cool reality tv gift shop where you can see the set of pawn stars. And in that aspect it does it's purpose well. it's not like rick's restorations but it's pretty cool nonetheless.
3	DO NOT walk here from The Strip. Once you leave the relative safety of the strip, where all the tourists are, you are entering an old, run-down part of Las Vegas. Common businesses are tattoo parlors, payday loan shops, strip clubs, and various taverns. Homeless people are everywhere, as are prostitutes and their pimps, and many gang members. If you decide to walk to Gold & Silver Pawn from The Strip, that's what you will be exposing you and your spouse and kids to. Take a bus or a cab.Once you get to Gold & Silver Pawn, there will probably be a line to get in, but when I was there, the wait was only about 5 minutes long. When you get in, you will see that the place is very small. The Old Man's desk is immediately to the left when you get in the door, but you are not allowed to take any pictures or videos. They will let you take pictures of the rest of the shop, but no videos. When I was there, I didn't see a whole lot for sale in the display cases. Almost half the store was selling t-shirts and other stuff related to the show. Naturally, "the guys" from the show were not there when I was, which I expected. The staff that was there seemed pleasant enough; they were not rude or mean to me. So if you are in Las Vegas and you happen to be a fan of the show, it's worth taking the bus to see it and take a picture of the sign outside and maybe buy a t-shirt. But is it worth a trip out to Vegas just to see the shop? Absolutely not. The shop is no bigger than a 7-11 convenience store, it's just an average pawn shop in a bad neighborhood that happens to be run by some entertaining guys that have a tv show. Maybe the storage area they have is much larger, but the part of the shop that we customers were in was very small.
3	My family and I drove in to Las Vegas from Los Angeles yesterday and our first stop was Gold & Silver Pawn. When we pulled up there was a big line outside. My children were excited to see the staff. Once we got inside my children and I were disappointed. No one from the TV show was there. Felt like a waste of time. I'm sure they were there but behind the scene watching everyone from their desks. I'm sure we were not the only ones that felt they wasted their time. I would have bought souvenirs if we had have met someone from the show. You all wanted the show to be made so you should at least be there to say hello to your fans.
5	Second time in Vegas, first time to the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop. Yes, I read the reviews first, and I hate to disappoint, but if you're a real fan I the show, this place rocks! It's exactly what I expected and more. The staff was super cool, and helpful. They even took very very expensive items out from the displays so that I can pose to take pictures with. Rick and the crew actually have Vegas show at a Vegas hotel daily, so who would actually think that they are at the shop all day? It was 5:20 pm on a Saturday, taxi left me out front, no line, took a picture outside the pawn with the sign and walked right in. Shout out to the two employees that went above and beyond to help me with some questions (Ken & Dexter). Before I forget, bought a mint silver dollar, no prices aren't even that high, may go back for a Dali statue!
3	not what I expected. small store with over priced stuff. being on tv has gone to the head in this store. pictures online show the store a much more. had a good experience but was for sure not what I was expecting out of such a well-known shop.
2	Small shop and didn't remind me of anything I witness on tv. Pretty sure thus is just a "front " shop. There was no line and I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this again. Not much of a fan to begin with. Really would have been annoyed if I had to pay to get in.
5	Watch the show back home in the uk so for us it was a must to come here, wasn't what I expected looks totally different to on tele, bt it was good to say we had been never got to see anyone bt didn't expect to cool place defo go back :)
2	It was ok. Very small - not a bunch of cool stuff to pick through - everything in the store is pretty much in glass cases. At least I can say I've been there, done that.
4	I dont understand why so many complain about this place. To me it was exactly what I expected. Many items you've seen on the show are here on display. I am glad I went and if you are a fan of the show you should absolutely go. I was there at 7:30 at night and walked right in, no line.
3	I had to go check this place out while in Vegas. They had some nice art pieces, but the staff is hardly ever there and the majority of the stuff is not that great for a lot of money.if your right there might as well go there but not worth a long trip.
2	This place is just a tourist trap. Long lines to go into a pawn store that's probably no bigger then your garage. More than half the stuff they sell is souvenirs (Junk). The other half is over priced as far as I'm concerned. People are really nice but you'll never see guys from the show. We were told they get called in if the producers feel the seller has something interesting enough to put on television. Granted interesting show, Rick seems extremely knowledgable but I'm sure he was pumped with Intel prior to what we see on the show. I'd pass on this and go to any other pawn shop for WAY better deals.
3	Stopped here briefly on my way out of Vegas. It's weird how television makes a simple pawn shop seem so intimidating. Wish I could have spent a little more time talking with staff (not the stars), to learn about how things work, and about their experience working with the Pawn Stars' shooting schedules, etc.
4	My boyfriend and I often watch the tv show Pawn Stars on the History Channel, so we made Gold & Silver Pawn Shop a must visit while we were in Vegas. We visited the shop on a weekday at around 1 PM. The wait to go inside was relatively short (about 5 minutes), and there were those water mist sprinkler thingies to keep us cool in the Las Vegas sun. The shop itself is smaller than it appears on tv. We walked around for a bit and saw some items that were featured on the show.  The front part of the shop had a lot of jewelry and other small and antique specialty items, such as Super Bowl rings. In the back, there were some other cool stuff including a photo booth to post a picture on Facebook, artwork, and Pawn Stars merchandise and souvenirs. While we didn't get to see Rick, the Old Man, Chumlee, or Corey, we had a good time seeing the pawn shop in person.
5	These negative reviews that people write are crazy!  What do people expect from this place?  Yes, a show is filmed there but it's a pawn shop!  The 'guys' don't live there.  They aren't there all the time,  they don't owe you anything.   People should lighten up and not take life so seriously.  With that said, We got there around 2pm and there were several parking spots,  no line, got right in.  Had my camera ready to take a picture of the Jim Morrison picture that I've been waiting to see.  Sadly, it was sold I was told.  Went in real quick,  looked around, got out.  The line was huge by this time.   Jim, who was working the parking lot,  was so helpful and nice.  He was kind enough to take pictures of me and my daughter.   He even told me I had to go around back to the Pawn Stars rendition of Mount Rushmore. When I was walking back to my car I saw 2 pigeons eating chunks from the pavement.   I realized it was barf!   Eeewww!  But it totally cracked me up!  All in all it was very cool to see everything and made me think of "old Vegas."
2	There's some really cool stuff here "but" you'll see some really cool stuff in any pawn shop in the US. Alot of  hipe, but long lines in the heat and no shade while you wait in line...up to an hour or so.Staff was really cool, but I was told "The Guys" (Rick, Cory, Chum.) have'nt been / worked behind the counter for a least 3 to 4 years. So, the chances of seeing any one of them are like hitting the million $$$$ dollar jackpot at Ceaser's Palace.....! You know what they say, "Good luck with that"! (After going over the 4th.....seeing the show on t.v. is really not that special anymore.)
5	I arrived at 9:00 AM to avoid the lines that I had heard about. This is a must see for fans of the show. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The store has incredible art in the back near the souvenir area.
4	I had to visit while in Vegas because I am a big fan of the show 'pawn stars'. It was great to see everything and puts the show into better perspective. The cast is not there however, I believe they only film the show now and make appearances on certain days and times, which was a bit disappointing. I would have liked to have met them but it is what it is.I was a little disappointed by what the shop carried. It is mostly jewelry. I was hoping to see more sports memorabilia or things from movies and music but that is not the case. It was still cool to look through everything. They have a gift shop in the back of the store with cool t-shirts and you can take pictures inside the shop, which surprised me. If you're in Vegas check it out.
4	Since I was in Vegas for a week, Ihad to check this place out. Just like everyone else has already said it is smaller then you would think, and it gets crowded quick. I you don't get there kind of early in the day then expect to be standing in line for a little bit just to get in. That being said, it is 100% worth your time to go check it out. They have even more cool things in the store then they show you on TV. It was almost like being at a museum. They had a lot of classic art, a $13,000+ coin, awesome old guns, and a early Indian Motorcycle. It would have been cool to see some of the guys from the show, but seriously there were so many people that if I was them, I would hide in the back too. Go check it out and buy something.
4	We visited the Pawn shop around 9:30 am on a Thursday morning.  No line.  Now I went into this with no expectations other than visiting the place where Pawn Stars is filmed.  Sure I was hoping to meet Chum Lee or the Old man but I knew if it happened it would be a bonus.  The shop was smaller than I thought it would be but I really enjoyed looking around at the various items.  The workers were really nice, we were looking at some Rolex watches and they answered our questions and was even willing to take them out of the showcase for us.   We saw the area that they guys hang out at although we were not allowed to take pictures over there.  Overall it was great and i'd do it again the next time I visit Las Vegas.
4	We pulled up and saw a line outside, but I'm so glad we parked!  The wait was not long at all!  They had mister systems going to keep us cool and we were inside quickly.  The staff is calm despite the constant parade of tourists.  It was a cool experience even though we didn't get to see any of the stars from the show.
3	What a weird-ass pawn shop.I needed to raise an entry fee for the World Series of Caveman Keno right quick, so I stopped in to hock my watch. First of all, there's like 5 different cameramen jamming the place up for some reason. Why are they filming in here? Are they with the NSA?So this bald guy at the counter looks it over and asks how much I want for it. I'm in a hurry so I make an offer that I know is way below market value, just to get things done quick. All of a sudden, numbers start floating in midair from out of nowhere like we're on the Holodeck. Bald dude gives me his "hardass sharp trader" face for a minute (which really just looks like he's mildly constipated) then tries to lowball me on the already lowball offer, like it's a matter of principle to him to get the most screwjob price possible. Talking about "I've got overhead!" and "I've gotta sell this thing!" and "I'm taking all the risk!"  Then he wants to "call an expert." Yeah I'm gonna stand around for 30 minutes so one of your personal buddies can come over. Man get out of here with that garbage. Who actually falls for this?I walked out but I'll give them at least 3* for having a more amazing range of collectibles, memorabilia and general oddities than most pawn shops on Earth.
3	This a museum not really a pawn shop. People come in and look around to see where the show was taped. They have a ton o swag for sale and people are buying it like crazy.  The only negative is I realized the show was fake. You could see that when it is taped they clear everyone out, bring in the actors and stage the whole thing.  Ruined me for the show.
3	Just a plain ol' pawn shop with overpriced items due to the success of the show ...I've seen wayyy better pawn shops than this one... but had to check it out anyway ...lol
2	My family and enjoy the TV show a lot.  Just visited.
3	It's just like you see on the show and nothing like you see on the show at the same time.  Almost 30% of their store is selling their own branded merchandise (magnets, t-shirts, junk like that).  Easy to get in and out, but nothing really worth buying in the cases or on the shelves.  It's worth the trip if you have about a half hour to spare and it's not too far of a drive from the main strip.  Don't expect to see any of the cast of the show.  They're busy doing another show where you can pay to see them in person.  Nah, I'll watch them for free while sitting on my comfy couch.  :)
3	I am a local and have avoided this place at all costs due to the long line of tourists i would see flocked outside. I went in yesterday looking for a  Mob/Old Las Vegas themed gift for my husband and was told they don't have anything of that sort. I was a little bummed since I assumed they would have more to offer than any other Pawn store in Vegas. I admit I'm disappointed. I don't need jewelry or show related souvenirs.
2	Not really a lot of merchandise to browse and of course, none of the regulars from the show are in the store. They have a corner of the store set aside for souvenir merchandise and the place just wreaks of tourist trap. One upside is that there are a couple of decent Pawn/Thift shops across the street with more interesting loot to browse and shop.
1	No website for shopping? Over priced tourist trap!! Save your vacation time!History Channel is obviously paying the bills.. Sorry, just keeping it real as these are not celebrities they are pawn store employees!!!!!!!!
4	The hubby and I are HUGE fans of the show and spent $40 in cab fair from our hotel to visit this spot on our last visit. We weren't at all disspointed!We didn't see any of the main guys (Chum, Rick, Corey or the old man) but the general manager Travis was so welcoming and helpful that kinda made up for missing them. They did have the magician guy (Murray Sawchuck) there and many of you would know him from the show if you're a true watcher. He was very kind and the hubby was thrilled to meet him and get a picture.The place is a bit small (narrow and long vs. wide like you assume on the show) and offers all the same stuff a typical pawn shop would but at a seriously inflated price.$500 for a Chumlee bobble head?!? I think fame and money have gone to their heads but just the same...it's always worth a visit.
3	My party and I was already in Vegas and thought, what the hell lets go stop by and  visit the shop.  We're fans of the show.  We actually went 2 separate occasions and both times, there were no lines.  There was however a good amount of people inside. The pawn shop itself is a cool place, if you really take the time to browse the individual items, it almost feels like a small museum.  One of the people in my party came to buy a watch.  A woman at the counter was able to offer a small deal and take out the tax but would have to talk to one of the senior guys/owners if any serious discounts were given.  Not sure if she went good on the deal since we never got a chance to return.  Cool place to stop by and visit if you're already in Vegas, but probably just once.
4	We are big fans of the show so on this trip to Vegas, a visit was mandatory.What used to be a full time Pawn Shop on the wrong side of the Las Vegas Strip is now more of a show studio with a pricey gift shop, and less of a pawn shop. It is amazing what TV can do for you even on the obscure History Channel.  From unknowns, these boys have been cast into the limelight as celebs, become multi-millionaires, and have taken a few others like Mark from the museum along for the ride.When you pull into the parking lot, there is a snack and drink kiosk set up.  A nice man greets you when you get out of your car and offers to take photos of you in front of the shop.  He invites you to enter a contest to come back another day and meet the stars of the show and get a personal back-stage tour of the pawn shop where they wherehouse many of the items that they buy.He then shows you the entrance and you go inside the store.  Once inside you follow the other customers past the few cases of items to the back of the store where there is an extensive gift shop where they sell many different tee shirts, bumper stickers, pens, refrigerator magnets, dollars with the stars pictures in place of George Washington, and a biography book written by Rick.  The prices are concert level, ie 25 to 35 for a tee shirt. Most of the stuff is made in China.Inside the store photos are permitted, but video is not.  Almost everyone takes photos of themselves inside the store. There were just a few items in the store that were purchased on the show, most items for sale were not.  The asking prices were high for everything in the store so if you intend to buy, be prepared to bring your 'A' game. None of the stars were there, but we were told that they are in the pawn shop studio on filming days and if you wait outside on those days and they need unpaid "extras" to play customers in the store, you may get picked, but they only take a few people in due to the small size of the shop.You can stay as long as you like in the store it seems, but really after 30 minutes you will be looking for the door--it's a small place.  Picture walking around a McDonalds without the chairs and tables and the perimeter lined with glass cases.  There is NO Customer Bathroom so go before you visit or wear Depends.  When we left there were now tours and limos pulling up and people getting out to check the place out.  It's a major scene here. One guy was getting into a chauffeured Rolls Royce--maybe he was the producer?It was fun to visit.  I would definitely visit again only if I was selected to try to sell something as part of the show--I have a few interesting things.Check it out if you are fan of the show and have never been.Pick up a bumper sticker they sell that says, "Chumlee for President 2016."  I would vote for him!  He is a great guy, reminds me of a buddy that I had growing up, and for sure better than the losers we had/have in Congress that allowed all our manufacturing jobs to go overseas and cause people to have to pawn their stuff to pay bills.
3	"Go and tick the box"Its not what I expected. Unlike Ricks Restorations you don't get a welcoming feel. No Q when we went ariund 10am on a Tuesday. You can access from bus easily
1	Just disapointing!!!! If you like the show, just watch it but if you wanna see where they always working, you're wrong!!! You wont see those fat guys! It was our 4th time in there and last time!!! I wont watch the show anymore.
1	Not much to see here.  Mostly jewelry and crazy expensive stuff.  Nothing for an average person to buy except a $26 t shirt.  Must expensive cotton T shirt in Vegas.
3	We love the show. We were happy we got to see the pawn shop in person. It felt like they had more stuff from what we see and hear on the show but the shop felt empty when we walked around. To me it seems like they cleared out a portion to use for their gift shop. The caps were $25 and the shirts were $23.99. I'm glad we went to see the place even if we didn't get to meet the guys.
4	re: vacationSo there is a short line to get in.  I'm not too surprised, but if you ever been to any other pawn shop, this one is extremely nice (of course, right?  they have to, because of tv.)  Their prices are a little more than you'll find at most other pawn shops, but that's to be expected given the amount of traffic that goes through there.  I thought their higher end stuff had some fair prices.  Certainly if I were in the market for a Rolex watch, I would definitely buy it from here.  The reason being is that I'd be very confident that this place isn't going to screw you over so that it can maintain it's reputation.  Biggest surprise for me was how small the area where the 'Old Man' and Rick sit.  Camera definitely makes that area look bigger than what I saw.
2	Place is for suckers and tourists. I love the show and all but the actual store is full of overpriced crap. Example... Bell&Ross watch with NYLON band is over US$3800.00 You can buy this same watch at almost any decent pawn shop for approx. US$2500.00 ... So why the jacked up price? I bet you can figure it out. 100% tourist trap.
4	My son likes me to take him here whenever we're in town. Not really much for ordinary people to buy. Seems like the place mostly exists to shoot Pawn Stars and let fans of Pawn Stars come and see where they shoot Pawn Stars. Also, to sell Pawn Stars merchandise to prove you've been to where they shoot Pawn Stars. If you're looking to see where they shoot Pawn Stars and get a Pawn Stars T-Shirt, this is the place to go.
4	Just an Alert to Yelpers visiting the Gold & Silver Pawn shop:When we were there at the shop, they had us fill out a card to win a VIP Tour of the Pawn Shop on another day, and meet the stars of the show.We just got a call that we "WON," but it was from a telemarketer--He wanted us to pay $99.00 to take the VIP tour.   The $99.00 had to be paid immediately over the phone!  and we can select a date anytime in the next year.  He was also throwing in 2 nights at the Riviera Hotel and a possible timeshare presentation. I asked him if we can just have the tickets to take the VIP Tour that we won at no charge, and all other expenses would be on us.  We just wanted the Tour that we Won and meet the Stars of the show...He said that his supervisor would not allow him to separate the Pawn Stars Tour from the package that requires a $99.00 fee.So just be warned if you visit the pawn stars pawn shop and enter the contest that you may get a similar call a month later.
4	This was my first experience going to a pawn shop and I had seen the show a few times, so I was really looking forward to go there. I had a cocktail ring I was considering to pawn. It was a lot smaller than you would think if you've watched the show. The inventory wasn't kind of lean, and there was not much to tempt me.There was some Picasso sketch's that were great.The staff was incredible and knowledgeable about some jewelry I was looking at. I think going there on a Sunday was key, there was no line so we got right inLots of fun!
5	LOVE all of the guys on Pawn Stars, but we never see any of you when we visit Vegas&go to your shop. We LOVE watching you gUys&learn a lot from Rick. I don't know if Corey was joking on the show, but there's nOthing wrong with Rick's laugh. Thank you for the entertainment&education from watching your shows!
2	It wasn't what we thght . Luckily we walked from Fremont so it wasn't a wasted cab fee... Most of building was closed off.. I'm guessing where they film is what we didn't see cause it looks nothing like the show...  Everything there was very spendeee (Rolex watches, old guns overpriced jewelry, etc)...  No one there except a glimpse of chumleeNot worth the cab ride but the day was sunny and the wait was not horrible -just sad that it was not the place u c on TV...
1	Went to the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop total letdown they might as well just turn into a t-shirt shop if you want to go somewhere and see where its done right head over to Ricks restorations.
3	Okay so if you watch Pawn Stars I want to tell you that this place is so much smaller then it looks on TV, It's pretty cramped. They had some really nice stuff but the guys fro the show can't actually work in the store anymore and are only really there during the VIP tours which cost quite a bit considering. They guy who sold us the item we bought gave us the real rundown and said they are rarely there aside from the tour. There was some pretty amazing stuff and it was fun to see, you can easily snap a picture of the sign and there is a guy outside who'll do it for a cost. It's NOT on the strip it's on the same street but NOT by the hotels so you'll need drive over or take public transportation. It's fun to check out and spend a little if you can. Lots of souvenir type stuff from the show. I would have liked to have met  the Old Man, he reminds me of my Grandfather.
5	i love this pawn shop. its too bad the guys were hiding lol. i enjoyed it plus i cant believe i got available parking and the line went fast. didnt have to wait to long to get in. there was some cool stuff. place was a bit small but its history by coming here and worth ur time.
3	My parents are a fan of the show and me being a local, they wanted me to take them there. If your main objective visiting the shop is to meet the guys, your chances of that happening are about as good as winning the megabucks jackpot. I've been in there at least 5 times now with visitors and they were not there. I'm talking weekday morning, afternoon, evening, and weekend days and evenings.  The things you see on tv, are scripted. There are not random people walking in the shop selling their collectibles and the guys just happen to be there. Imagine the money spent waiting around for days, possibly weeks for something worthwhile to film so it can be put on tv.  The shop itself is interesting to see, more expensive than my tastes, but it's honestly a tourist attraction now.  Think amusement park queue lines waiting to get on a popular ride. That's exactly what this is....My father picked out a couple items on display that he had seen on tv, my mom and I were not impressed, but it's something for my father to enjoy during his stay.  Btw, lol, local tip....anything offering you a chance to win a 2nt stay somewhere with show tickets, or free buffet, dinner...99.9% of the time is a timeshare company trying to get you in there to listen to their pitch. It's usually a 2-4 hour presentation and at the end they'll give you the tickets, buffet, dinner, etc for listening to their schmeal. Waste of time...
1	Here for the first time. Huge fan of the show. Came in to buy something as a gift while on vacation. Samuel at the door was a jerk. Was so rude to me. Joked with him about having the same shirt. Just told me no I have mine and you have yours. They are not the same.  So I left. Horrible customer service. Won't ever be going back. Dreams crushed. Thanks pawn stars.
3	For me personally, it is always fun to see things from TV in real-life. Really liked walking around here and every time I see the show on TV now, it reminds me of a great holiday where I visited this pawn shop :)I thin it is a pity that you can't get to see the tv personalities, on the other hand I do understand it also as it would not be a pawn shop at all anymore than but just a set for the series.
2	While I enjoy the show and all the personalities, you'd think they'd spend a few grand to have a finishing contractor go through the place and clean some things.  No base boards in some spots, needs new paint indoors, some dusting of the rafters, etc.  The place looks OK on the show but is a pit on the outside.  You'd think the money they spend on the guys in the lot (trying to get you to give name, address, email-for a supposed drawing) would be better off using a pressure washer cleaning the disgusting sidewalks and building.  Come on, Rick supposedly hires a guy to help with sales productivity but can't spend $300 a week to get someone to pressure the exterior?  Again, show is fun, took my kids here, but spend some of the money you make on some MINOR improvements!!!
2	I really enjoy the show even though its obvious now it is staged.  There is always  a large line of people outside waiting to get inside.  While they still have a pawn shop half of the store is selling pawn store shirts and other history channel pawn shop  merchandise.
5	Brought my sword in to sell but we couldn't come to an agreement on the price. The sword guy accidentally dropped my razor sharp samurai sword on the floor and he actually caught it with his foot! Talk about service, Rocko risked his well being to not damage my item. This is one hell of an employee. Anyway now onto the shop. The pawn shop was exactly as I expected it to be. Not as small as other reviewers were saying. Interesting to see how they separate the fan area from the actual film set. Its literally just one store but they shoot only in the front .
3	This shop has been tucked away in Rogers Park for years but I went in for the first time last week. They have two teller windows plus wait staff. I wanted to cash in some of my silver and gold jewelry and they gave me a pretty fast assessment. I was out in 20 minutes with $1575 in cash, so all I can say is, Not bad!
4	Great time seeing the store. Not much to buy but shirts or silver of the guys, I like a regular pawn shop to buy at but it was fun to see the store. It is a art museum with famous artist displayed.They should have one of the stars there because even though they conduct business they could be there to sign autographs and make it more enjoyable. I might of bought a bobble or shirt for them to sign and get my picture taken with them. Once here it is old hat so I won't be back to see it again. but great memories.
3	These guys are always talking about how smart they are, yet they mispronounce words on almost every show. I shudder when someone brings in an antique weapon, because I know Rick will say "Calvary" a bunch of times. That's the name of the hill where Jesus was crucified. Rick obviously means "Cavalry", but I have never heard it pronounced correctly by him. Then, there's "ex-pecially" (especially), "expresso" (espresso), "expidentially" (exponentially - which is also USED incorrectly), "nucular" (nuclear), among others. If they want people to believe they are as smart as they say they are, they need to stop hacking the English language to death. Their experts (Mark, Johnny, Count, Jeremy, Rebecca, and the others) - now those are the smart ones!
3	Nice attraction, it doesnt feel like an actual pawn shop because its so "touristy" Everything is overpriced and they sell mostly shirts and other products for marketing. You don't really get to meet the guys on the show, unless you've got something good, so heads up!
4	I am a big fan of the show so I went to check out the shop. It was great to see the whole place with your own eyes and take lot of pictures. They do conduct business at the shop so you will find what is expected of a pawn. You are allowed to take pictures except in the office area. The Pawn stars werent there but they staff stated that the old man is usually there till noon everyday. The staff is quite friendly. There is plenty of parking for the shop.The place is not too far from the strip so its easy to check out.
2	These guys clearly think they're all celebrities. I wasn't greeted by a single employee and while looking at watches four employees were more interested in playing guitar than helping me. I was really disappointed. Glad I went, but I wouldn't shop here. (Ooh, it wasn't very busy when I was there...so that's not an excuse.)
5	My husband and I found my engagement ring here years ago. After shopping around for months we found a beautiful unique ring like no other, and they made a great deal with my husband. A one of a kind setting with a super sparkly diamond and it fit- perfect! Ok, so we didn't see Corey, Rick, the Old Man, or Chum, but everyone who helped us was very nice. I especially liked their tv show gift section where I got my father a Chum Lee bobble head as funny birthday gift (he was a huge fan and loved it). Locals can cut the wait line outside with an id!
