3	Atomic Vaping Co. was on the map of a facebook group i frequent about vape shops. I decided to stop by since i was going to be in the area. It took be a little bit to find the building through my gps, but i eventually found it once I started reading the building numbers. Atomic Vaping didn't have their sign at the time so it was a bit tough. They are surrounded by bail bond buildings and almost directly across a taxi building.The door was locked so i knocked. I knew they were open, as I gave them a call that morning. Mike, the owner opened the door and i walked in. Looked quite small, when you first walk in ahead of you at the end is i believe the office and to your left are showcases of their vape things. I asked Mike how long ago they opened and he said "today." lol I looked at a few things, basic ego styled kits, k100's, saw a protank 2 and some other tanks. Also saw an interesting device. Looked like a thicker see through ego except the tube is also the tank and the battery is housed inside the tank. kind of hard to explain but it's something weird.The juice is mixed in-house. Some were good and others could be worked on. There were no testers, but there were bottles that he opened. He let me drip a few, even though they were 12 and 18 mg nicotine. I could handle them enough to get the flavor out out of it. But i usually don't enjoy it. he gave me a few testing bottles i found were good, Mint chocolate chip and Blueberry w/ Cream. Also, there was this nice vape bag he was carrying in a showcase. It was a bit steep at 40 some dollars, but there's a lot of room for mods, juice and whatever you want in there. Built sturdy and i felt i could have one, of course if the price was right. Maybe down the road he will carry different bags for a more affordable price.Overall this place has a little room to improve, like their juice, or their testing station. There isn't much room to add products but i can see this place do well in the future.
5	Wow !!!!!!  What an awesome place  Had everything I needed.  That Mike was nothing but helpful.  Ill definetly be back  Mike, your the BOMB !!!!!!!
5	Wow.  This place is great !!!!!!!  Im in paradise !!!!  Ill refere all my friends here.  Mike the owner was nothing but helpful  Will definetely be back...........Your new customer,  Mark Higby
