5	Love this place. I highly recommend them. Jason does all my work. I won't go anywhere else. Really cares about his work. Clean environment.
5	Had a fantastic piercing experience here tonight, from start to finish.  Franky (Frankie?) took care of me and my mother-in-law, and he did an excellent job.  It all began with two phone calls--I forgot to ask a couple questions the first time, so I had to call again. Both times, the guy on the phone was patient with me. When we got to the shop, I couldn't help but notice how clean it was--my MIL remarked on this as well.  I was also so impressed and happy that the guys working there were not at all condescending to my MIL who is in her 60s and was wearing khaki pants...not necessarily the typical tattoo shop clientele, and yet they were super kind to her. This is what bumped this to a 5 star review and made me write this.My MIL and I both were piercing our ears, and again, the guys were great. They even let my MIL use her own jewelry and knocked some off the price for her. While I watched, I noted that everything was freshly packaged--the clamp and needle both came out of fresh envelopes, of course. Frankie encouraged my MIL to take two deep breaths, and as she let the second one out, he pierced her ear for her. What was exceptional was that he was re-piercing a closed hole, and after running the needle through the old hole, he realized it was a little crooked--NOT his mistake but that of the previous piercer. He could have just not said anything and let it slide. Instead, he was totally professional and asked her if he could fix it and make it straight for her. Great work, Frankie!He did an excellent job with me, too--didn't hurt a bit.Frankie also made a point of writing us cards and letting us know we could call with any questions. He told us a bit about the shop and introduced us to the other guys who worked there, too.Overall, I was really pleased. Would be happy to do business with them again!
5	Just an amazing store! Great artists and great people. You will not be disappointed. Exactly like the rating says WOOHOO! AS GOOD AS IT GETS!
1	Probably the worst shop I have seen. Ever. Super unprofessional, I got a tattoo from Ed and my sister from Jason , both of them looked terrible and mine was so swolen from day one! The ink was oozing out immediately and I have had many tattoos from many ships, never like this. They were also very rude and smelled so strongly like smoke it was  just a terrible experience. I am having mine covered by a different shop next week. The guy at the other shop showed me a bunch of before and after photos of Jason's work he has fixed, how is there not some type of regulation in this industry! One of the photos had "this too shall pass" on a girl,  with the p missing ... This too shall ass! Indeed it shall
5	Platinum Ink is by far the best shop in Az. I wouldn't go anywhere else.Jason does all my work and I love every piece he has done. Platinum Ink is very clean and professional.Keep up the great work guys.
5	I am very happy to give this review.After being turned around from the down the street competitors (Ink Town), I happened on Platinum Ink via the reviews from yelp. This establishment was very clean and friendly. The pricing was just within my budget. So much more reasonable than the competitors down the street. The work was done in a timely manner, I wish I could say painless (but Im a punk to pain but held in there), the tat is very neat, & very precise to my picture,  which leaves me very happy!I so recommend this place before trying anywhere else first!!!!You heard it here!!! Platinum Ink is the best!!! Thank you Norm!!!!
5	Super nice and excellent creative consultation to rework a crappy piece. I like all of them. Norm did my work and couldn't have been nicer. Thanks!
5	I want to say thank you to Jason for the great job on the Celtic Cross you did for me on New Years Eve. I will be back soon.  I highly recommend Platinum Ink!!
