4	Fast, quality haircutHave visited this shop three times.  Usually two to three barbers and the two ladies have taken care of me on my visits.  Both do a good job to your direction.  Nice little place, usually get a chair right away, quality cut, and prices are very fair.  Can't beat that!
4	I'm not a fan of haircut chains because of the turnover and lack of consistency. I stopped in today to try out Senior's and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of my haircut. Yolanda did a great job! I'll be back to see her.
5	I love coming here to get faded up. The Barbers here are great and professional Yolanda,Derek,Mariana and Joel are great and  on point . It doesn't matter who you sit with they're  all good. Plus  the vibe there is good and prices are well worth it.
5	Amazing amazing staff. Enjoy every one that works there. My go to shop for over a year! Thanks and congrats!  Your #1 Customer!
5	Love this place! Love the staff, they're great people, very professional! The place looks really good, high quality, very clean! Not to mention the prices, very reasonable, affordable! Even though it's a barber shop (for guys, right!) Yolanda trimmed my hair, & I loved, loved it! She's been my husbands  barber for almost a year, we live kinda far from the shop, but we don't care, & we refuse to go anywhere else! Highly recommendable!!!!
5	Great staff that's is friendly and great haircut.  Been coming here for over a year and wouldn't think about going anywhere else.  Highly recommended
5	Senior's barber shop is an amazing place to go get a haircut the staff is amazing and responsible they take into consideration every customer that walks in the door even if it's your first time going I guarantee you it won't be your last you will come back I've known of people who live far away from this place and we'll make the drive even if its 20 to 30 minutes away just to go get a haircut from one of her friendly staff I recommend this barber shop and that you tell your friends and family Yolanda is my personal barber
5	Old fashion barber shop style with the old fashion chairs. Plenty of flat screen TVs to watch and usually ESPN playing which is my choice! Derek cuts my hair to perfection each time. Not too long of a wait and he always remembers the clipper number I use. Also, I get the strait blade shave on my neck instead of electric shaver which my wife likes! Once you get a haircut here you won't go anywhere else.
5	The team does great work and very versatile, from the latest trends to the old fashioned barber style haircuts.
5	Senior's is what every barbershop should model itself after! My son and I were greeted with a smile as soon as we walked in the door. The shop is very clean, it took me back to when I was a kid... Except the had Flatscreen TV's and not the big tube TV, and ever screen had sports showing on it, not some music video with half naked women. Their chairs were the old school ones, big and comfortable!The big seller for me, was I didn't hear one cuss word the entire time I was there. I have a 9 year old boy, and it's very important to me that he grows up a man, I know he hears   that mess in school, but if I can help minimize the amount of negativity that he absorbs in a daily bases, that's what I'll do, and that includes finding a barbershop with a positive feel like Senior's. Thank you Yolanda for having such an exceptional shop, it is truly appreciated!
5	The most amazing, professional, personable and down right cool barbers!!! Best fades given in the great state of Arizona!!  Owner Yolanda did it right with the shop layout, prices and unique yet talented staff!!! Being law enforcement, I need a haircut every 10 days. Sr's Barbershop is always available to keep a hood man looking supa fly and down right sexy!!!! I've been to hundreds of barbers throughout the United States and Sr's is the best!!! I'd even pay $50 for a cut!!! Check them out! You won't be let down!!!
5	I come in every two weeks and they take excellent care of me.  Very professional, clean and kid friendly.  My hair can be difficult to cut but they do it with ease.  Check them out, you'll love it, I have for over 2 years!  :)
5	Just moved from California to Arizona 7 months ago and it's been difficult to find a good Barbershop (especially one that the barbers actually listen to what you want) until my curiosity brought me to Senior's Barbershop. I've been getting my haircut there every thursday with Mariana and shes really good with skin mid fades (i literallly walk out there with my head feeling like a baby's bottom) Derek, Yolanda and Mariana are all very good barbers, they take credit and cash, and always have the latest news on. Check out this place, you'll love it.
5	Best little neighborhood Barber Shop!Yolanda has a great staff and all ages are welcome. This is a family business and that's how they treat there clients. No matter who you get it's a great result. My family and all friends I send there love it. I highly recommend you send someone you love for a shave and haircut :)
5	Super friendly staff I come here every week I have to drive 45 minutes really worth it thank you Yolanda you're the best barber !
5	I've been getting my haircut here for a very long time and I NEVER got a haircut I was not happy with. The wait isn't too long and the barbers are awesome! They all know what they are doing, and they are very professional. WAY BETTER than Barry's barbershop.
5	When I need to get cleaned up I always go to Senior's Barber shop.  All the barbers are friendly and know what they are doing.  Last visit I wanted to change up the look and go with something different and was very happy with the results.  For the first time I also had a shave with a straight edge razor right before I took the wife on date night!  She was impressed!Senior's has a great atmosphere too.  The barbers and  clients usually have good conversation going or the game is on one of the flat screens.
5	I'm a big fan of Senior's it has a chill environment where I can relax until it's my turn to get a hair cut (even though the wait is not long at all) everyone in the shop is real cool and professional. Also I love the way Diana cuts my hair! She's great, she always cuts my hair right, also she has a great attitude and makes me feel at home when I'm in her chair. I love this place!
5	My boyfriend always gets his hair cut here, coming home looking great! Whatever she uses in his hair smells so amazing, I love it! I've been in here once with him to get his haircut and it's very clean inside and the decor is really nice. This is an easy 5 star. And there's discounts for active military and law enforcement.
5	Yolanda keeps me looking fresh. The best barber in town. Come and check it out.Everyone is awesome! The shop is always clean.
5	From getting my normal hair or trying something new I always leave with a fresh look. Thanks
5	Great environment! All the girls are very nice and give great haircuts!! Brenda was amazing!
