5	This is a terrific independent hardware store, a rare gem in the world of Home Depot and Lowe's.  They have a massive selection of hard-to-find fasteners and bits that no big box retailer could touch, and the staff is friendly and helpful.  I just went in there for some obscure parts for a project I was doing and they were able to find me everything I needed for under $20.Keep up the good work fellas!
5	Customer service was top notch.  Far better than Lowe's and Home Depot.  Support your local businesses by starting here.
5	I just discovered Dave's Hardware this weekend; what a find!I felt like I stepped back in time to a true neighborhood hardware store that has a little bit of EVERYTHING! Normally, I like Ace Hardware for when I don't need Home Depot or Lowe's, but the closest Ace really falls short (grumpy employees!).Dave's isn't as 'polished' as the national chains. If you want to pay more to be in a polished environment then Dave's isn't for you. On the other hand, if you are a DIY-er you will appreciate the WIDE selection and variety of services they offer.Dave's feels like somewhere I would have gone with my grandfather when I was a kid (good memories)!
1	If I could give this place Negative stars, I would..... I brought my 125cc pit bike (dirt bike) in there 3 weeks ago to be worked on (carb cleaned, tune-up, etc.). I dropped off the bike, gave the $20 deposit, didn't hear a word for 4 days so I went in there myself to find out what the status was. I was told "Oh yeah we are looking at it" and it was sitting in the exact same spot as where we put it.  Couple days later I got a phone call saying "we don't know what kind of carb this is, we can't get it started, you can come pick it up". So I went back a few days later (about 10 days since they have had it) and they said "well we got it running, I rode it back and forth behind the shop, bad news is I flipped it up and the rear fender broke so I tried to super glue it" so I said "Can you fire it up?"  So he tries to start it, nothing... I look a little close and notice that the exhaust pipe is bent (from impact of him dropping it) and muffler tip is all scratched... Pissed off at this point, I just wanted to take it and leave (and when leaving I was even asked to pay more money!). So now I am stuck with a paperweight bike with a broken fender, bent exhaust pipe and scratched muffler.... great. No offer of compensation or anything, more of the attitude "Sorry, oh well..."So I have been trying to get a hold of "Dave" now for about 5 days, went in there and left messages, called several times and always got the response "Oh he isn't here, call back at 7pm".... Still no resolution after weeks of dealing with this.
5	Needed a key made, wanted to find a place that was on my way home. Checked  Yelp, and found Dave's. It's everything the others said. Must also give props to the four legged greeters, Shortstop and Gizmo!
2	I really wanted to love this business... rally I did.  Dave's is one of the few places in the area that will work on lawnmower engines.Well once upon a time, I had me a mower that just refused to start.  I replaced the air filter and cleaned the housing, to no effect.  I figured the next step was a rebuilt carburetor.After a quick search, I found Dave's via Yelp.  I called them up to confirm that they did indeed work on lawn mower engines, and headed right over.The place is pretty cool, kind of a throwback to my earlier years, when life wasn't much more than otter pops and big league chew.I plopped down my $20 deposit and headed home... to an overgrown yard and a love letter from my HOA.  Called Dave a week later to check on it, but it wasn't ready.  A few days later, it was!Came down, paid an additional $102, and took my mower back home to do some big time pruning.  30 pulls of the starter cord later, my mower roared to life.  But I was a tad winded, and for $122, I would have thought 3 pulls suffice.So now, every time I roll 'ole bessie' out for another trim job, I make sure I've warmed up my shoulder, in anticipation of another yank-fest.
4	Do you remember the hardware store that Tim the Tool Man Taylor went to back in the day? That's exactly what Dave's is - the neighborhood hardware store. I always forget about Dave's. After several minutes of wandering through the big box Lowe's, I remember that I could probably find what I'm looking for at Dave's. Plus I get to see some friendly doggies at the same time.
4	Dave's had a metric tap I had been looking for when the other's didn't - Ace, TruValue, Lowes, Home Depot.  Why would you go anywhere else?  A hidden treasure!
