1	Stay away from this place! Very bad customer service from the owner himself Mark harriger. He first will come off as a really nice guy and make like he cares about you and your sons fitness and health and then turn on you in a heartbeat. I signed up for a three month plan at $120 a month, twice a week for 1 hour each session for my 10 year old son, that's 8 classes a month. Mark canceled 3 classes in one month but I was still required to pay for that entire month. Also, the last month of my three month contract I couldn't take my son to training because my wife's car broke and it was in the shop, I told him I will still fulfill the contract the following month but Mark insisted I honor my contract and pay for that month even though my son couldn't attend ONE class for a reason beyond my control. Mark has no compassion or care for his customers at all, he has no customer service skills, only cares about his contracts so he can screw people for money for services he doesn't provide. I guess my $120 was so critical to his business that he was willing to lose a customer over such a menial amount. I now take my son to a place called athletic republic where for $150 a month he gets training 5 days a week at 1 1/2 hr each session and you can go month to month with NO CONTRACT!
1	I too, had a similar experience with training at MH Fitness.  Mark initially seemed like a professional and a great person to work out with.  This continued for the first month or two, but then I saw a drastic change in the level of professionalism beyond that.  I was training 3 times a week and paying closer to $400 a month. Although I did learn a ton that I'm now able to use on my own, Mark's lack of consideration for monitoring injuries and unprofessional behavior ultimately drove me to move on from the gym.  After "firing" Mark, he attempted to unlawfully draft $500 from my bank account, which was resolved in my favor in a dispute with my bank.  I will not be back and recommend people do their homework before contracting with a trainer. Lesson learned, for me anyway.
5	We have a great experience at MH Fitness.  My daughter had a ruptured intestine from an incident at school and Mark trained her back to shape to make varsity softball as a freshman.  Both our sons train with him too and we have seen such great improvement in their athletic performances. He was flexible to work with and we  had no problems.  Highly recommend!
