2	My first problem was that I couldn't find the entrance of the place...  The wait staff is very young and polite but can be spotty.  I sat there for a good 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged me.  The Cesar salad was prepared in the middle of the dining room and it was quite fresh.  I had steak frites for dinner (how original...)  The quality of the meat is just ok, but for the price I paid it seems fair.  The fries are the best part - it's freshly fried and they come back to offer you seconds if you want.
4	If I had Steak Frites in my hometown, I would definitely have heart trouble.  Why?  Because I'd be here every night!  The menu is what you'd expect from a steak frites bistro:  limited and perfectly edited.  It is, after all, a steak frites restaurant, not an international buffet.  Sometimes we Americans don't get simple elegance.  If you've been to Paris, you know what you're walking into at any bistro.  A few things done well...or medium rare, for that matter.BYO Wine means you can have wine without the typical and ridiculous restaurant mark-up.  Don't let it deter you.  It's definitely a benefit.  Take advantage of it.Our server was attentive, funny, and even a bit flirtatious.  Smart way to earn your tip!  The steak was tender and perfectly-portioned, served with delicious haricot verts, and a wonderful green peppercorn sauce.  Did I mention the 'all you can eat' frites?  No?  Well, come hungry, and leave happy!Overall, Steak Frites is a winner in my book.  Now, who do I speak to in order to get a Steak Frites franchise in the US?
4	My wife and I ate dinner at Steak Frites while visiting Montreal the week after Christmas, 2010. When we arrived at about 6:30, the tables were starting to fill up. Although we didn't have a reservation, we arrived just in time, as we ended up waiting only about 15 min. while several other couples and groups arrived just a few moments after us. We're both fans of great (read: medium-rare) steaks, and they didn't disappoint. We shared the 10 oz. filet mignon - "for two" as the menu says - for about $52 Canadian. The meal was served with warm bread, a large bowl of salad, and bottomless fries. We also recieved three kinds of sauces, each of which were tasty with various flavors.Most importantly, though, you should note that they don't serve wine, so stop by a local liquor store and pick a bottle up beforehand.  The restaurant was highly recommended to us by someone we met at a spa in Burlington, VT, and Steak Frites did not disappoint. Just be sure to make a reservation!
3	Currently closed. Call ahead to see if they have reopened.
5	OH, the bread that I taste in my dreams! Salad was fresh and the salad dressing was devine! Everything about this meal was great. The outdoor seating was nice. As stated before the bread was amazing and came to the table warm. I would kill to live closer than 6 hours away! The steak and frites were great and a good price also. It is BYOB, FYI. I referred Steak Frites to someone who grew up in Montreal and they took  their family and everyone loved it.
4	What a wonderful way to spend our evening!  To start, however, we got a bit lost.  Our taxi driver wasn't familiar with the place so all he could do was drop us off somewhere on Saint-Paul O street.  The address is a bit misleading, in my opinion.  I called the restaurant and the hostess kindly talked me through navigating the streets and getting to their restaurant.  It seems to be actually located on St. Laurent street, towards the water.  Tell your taxi to drop you off at the intersection of Saint Paul and St. Laurent,  then walk 1/2 a block towards the water. You'll see it, has an awning.  We were seated right away without a reservation.  Our waiter immediately greeted us and asked which bottle we'd like to open first!  Yes, it is BYOW and we had two bottles in our party of 4.  He also brought us English menus, although the French versions are written on a chalkboard on the wall.  We had several questions about the preparation of some of the items and our waiter was incredible knowledgeable.  He provided his honest opinions and he didn't disappoint.  I had the Steak Frites served medium rare, although I would admit it was a little on the medium side.  I was really nervous about ordering mine MR, although everyone else in my party did.  Theirs was definitely more on the reddish center than mine, so I'm not sure if the waiter said something to the chef and he specifically cooked mine a bit longer.  Either way, it was one of the most tender pieces of meat I've ever eaten.  Others in my party agreed.  We also had him get us the 4 most popular deserts and we shared them - the lava cake was to die for.I'm giving this 4.5 stars because I loved the interaction with the waitstaff.  All so friendly and even taught us a little French.  I wish I could give it 5 stars, but honestly this wasn't better than some of the absolute top steakhouses in the states.  This was similar to a Smith and Wollensky, I'd say.  I think we're known for our beef so it's difficult to expect Montreal to compare to best of the best, located in say....Omaha, NE.  Eventhough it is a chain, it's something I would definitely recommend.  The BYOW part is the best...being able to drink the wine you know you love and not paying the 300% markup at restaurants is awesome.  That alone made it worth it!!
1	The worst service ever
3	This location of Le Steak Frites is in a nicely renovated old building, with a large patio for outdoor dining. Our server was friendly and efficient, and the prices are reasonable for steaks. My co-workers liked their filet mignons, but I thought mine was only ok... not the best cut of meat, but flavorful enough. The unlimited fries were really good, but if you're looking for wine here, you will be disappointed. They don't offer it... Instead, you have to go to a nearby convenience store and walk your bottle back to the restaurant. It's good for bringing your own, though, so if you're local, that could be less expensive than a typical high-margin bottle
4	I'm a pretty big fan, actually. It was our first time to Le Steak Frites and a very cheerful staff sat us and explained (Laughing about us preferring English too..but in a cute, not chastising way) to us how the menu worked. We then were nearly immediately offered bread and salad by a smiling woman who wouldn't try English with us. Our regular waitress was however more than happy to speak in English with us, and didn't even laugh at our pitiful attempts at French. The chorizo from the tapas menu was delivered steaming hot, and was one of the more palatable (I *hate* chorizo but was too tired to remind my boyfriend of this fact) that I've tried, but I only took one bite. Our steaks arrived quite soon after. It was a pretty good quality steak (reflected in the price) and cooked nearly perfectly to order. Mine was just past where I had ordered it, but not so much so I felt compelled to send it back. It really was if the cook just left it on for 30 seconds too long and it started going toward medium.  But it really wasn't that big of a deal to me.If your fry bowl becomes empty, you can expect a man with a giant silver bowl of fries to stop by and offer you more. It is unlimited fries, so don't be shy. You'll also get mayo and ketchup for dipping .Our after dinner espressos were pretty good as well. I'd definitely go back.BTW: It is a BYOB establishment, but there is a convenience store very close by if you don't have anything and want something. Otherwise they do serve a fair amount of soft drinks.
3	Mehhhhhhhhh. steak was cooked perfectly but there was no flavor. The fries only came with mayo and ketchup. While they were unlimited, they were thin cut and nothing special. I'd pass. Also, we were there for 2 hours, I understand that it's slow european style, but we were hungry and the food was too slow
2	I went for my friend's birthday, and we were brought upstairs to a nice dining room. I couldn't find the menu and then I was told it's on the wall. So for starters, I couldn't even read the menu because the room was so dark so I just ended up getting what everyone else got: steakes frites. It came with a salad, it was fresh but it wasn't anything special. Giant pieces of lettuce with some sauce and 3 slices of onions on top.The steak came, most people ended up getting the wrong sauce with their steak. Mine was really tender and the sauce was good, however it hardly came with vegetables and the all you can eat fries were so greasy they made me sick.I then got a dessert, which was 3$ and was actually the best part of the entire meal. I was also really disappointed by the coffee I ordered too. It hardly tasted like coffee and was basically in a cup just a slight bit bigger than an espresso cup. I've had better coffee from McDonalds.All in all, I don't think i'd ever go back there considering I still have no idea what is on their menu and I paid 40$ for a supper that I could have paid 20$ for and have a way better experience.
3	The ribs and the service were good.. Unfortunately that was it. Both steaks at the table were under seasoned and bland. The skin on the duck wasn't nearly crispy enough and the appetizer salad was also weak. I care more because each steak dinner was 58 bucks each.. I'll pay for good meat and have come to expect the best in Montreal but this was not even close to good enough at that price.
