4	We stayed there last night to get away for Valentines Day with a "staycation". The room was booked through one of the deals on Travel Zoo and included breakfast. I think they kept most of the look from the Ritz in place. The service was good overall and I am sure with some more practice (they only opened on Friday) it will get more polished. The person at the Front Desk was confused about which restaurants in the Village allow you to charge to your room and she didn't take the time to tell us how we were supposed to go about obtaining the breakfast that was included in our rate.We went to the lobby bar Firenze for a cocktail prior to heading over to the Village for dinner. We ordered a glass of wine & a strawberry mojito and the mojito came out made incorrectly. The server saw how we reacted after trying it and came over to inquire about the drink quality. We informed her that it was missing something and she said she thought the bartender forgot the limes, we agreed and she took it to be remade and when it came out properly muddled it was perfect!Getting to the rooms involves weaving down a long hallway to the elevators but once you get to your room you will find them quiet & clean. BTW the towels were super soft. The bed and linens made for an enjoyable nights sleep. Overall I think that this hotel will be great for getaways for locals as well as people who are looking to have a different Vegas experience (there currently is NO casino located at Lake Las Vegas). I look forward to coming back when the weather is nicer and checking out the pool.
4	I'm so happy that this place has reopened.  This place is such a hidden jewel of Las Vegas!  Although the casino is not yet open again it's just such a joy to be aside the lake and the hotel grounds are so beautiful.  I hope this new company can make a go of this.  It's so wonderful it deserves to thrive.
3	I was looking forward to a luxurious spa day with my husband to celebrate our wedding anniversary. I purchased a massage and pedicure deal through TravelZoo and made reservations more than a month in advance, and I even called the day before to confirm the times, but there was still some confusion about our appointments. Luckily they worked it out with a smile, which is why I'm giving them an extra star. So let's start with the good: The spa was spacious and the staff was friendly and helpful. The treatments were pretty good. I had an 80 minute massage and my massage therapist was very attentive and gave me exactly the type of massage I wanted. The pedicurists were also very friendly and did a nice job. However, the spa itself is not as opulent as some of the other big resorts in Las Vegas. The jacuzzi wasn't hot enough, the steamroom didn't have that nice eucalyptus smell piped in, and there didn't seem to be anyone cleaning up the area. There were wet towels left in the shower. What really drove me crazy, was the lack of toiletries available. Most high end spas have the basics such as razors and toothbrushes out and available. Some even put out the spa products such as face lotions, masks, and hair products for guests to try in hopes they will buy them on their way out. The Spa at Ravella had none of this and guests kept having to ask the front desk for items. The bath products that they had in the shower were by Essentiel Elements and I found them to be very drying and not suitable for a spa in the desert. They also add the tip automatically and didn't give us the option of adjusting the percentage. Next time I need a spa day, I'll stick to the M Resort where they cater to locals and have the touch of luxury your expect from a resort spa.
5	Worth the money!!! My friend bought a special for a pedicure and Swedish massage for two and OMG it was so worth the money. The Ravella has great amenities and the staff was super nice. I will be going back for sure. Great stress release.
3	This spa absolutely has the potential to be a really high-end spa, but I feel like it's taken a step back from what it was under the previous Ritz ownership (which even then, hadn't really maxed out the potential of the place).  The location and layout is superb (with the exception of it being a little hard to navigate once you're in your robe and slippers within the women only area).  The waiting areas are plush, quiet, and relaxing.  The hot tub/cold plunge pool area is really nice - spacious but not overwhelming, and peaceful, with a waterfall in the plunge pool.  The steam room is also spacious, but I can't say that I've been in either of the rooms off to the left of the hot tub.  They offer some pretty great locals specials - I don't know if they're just for SouthShore/Lake Las Vegas residents or all LV residents, but it'd be worth asking.Annie B has a very accurate point about the eucalyptus scent missing from the steam room (not critical, but for a spot touted as luxurious, it's an unfortunate oversight).  My mother frequents this spa due to her locals discount and love of facials, and supposedly, the eucalyptus scent is 'on order' but seemingly has been for months now.  During my latest visit, I was also disappointed at the lack of toiletries available for post-spa treatments.  They don't even have body lotion in the locker room, which for being in such a dry climate was a real bummer.  The products available aren't very high-caliber, which again I agree with Annie B that it would seem like a prime opportunity to get you hooked on the products for sale (which are stellar).I must give a special mention to my facial, however.  In itself, it was a 5 star experience.  I have never in my entire life escaped a facial without having to endure breakouts for the next few days due to gloppy product (promising to be 'hydrating' or whatever) or ineffective removal of one of the 50 products used during the treatment... until now.  This was by far and away the best facial ever.  I wish I remembered the name of the woman who gave me the treatment, because she was outstanding.  She discussed my skin with me, and inspected every nook and cranny before recommending a light chemical peel - which turned out to be absolutely the most perfect solution possible.  She was gentle, and despite getting a brow wax at the same time as my treatment, I left the room with hardly any redness or puffing, which has never happened to me and was such a welcome surprise.I really hope that some of the details get improved, because the treatments and therapists are great - it's just the little 'extras' that you expect from the high end location and prices that seem to be missing.
5	Really enjoyed our stay and discounted package thru travel-zoo was awesome.I do hope they do it again Room with King Bed was wonderful & breakfast also very nice and the views are breathtakingThey do need a little better nite time menu since the village closes up early. Maybe after the Casino opens The staff was very nice from Felicia & Gloria in the bar to Steve, James  & Ashley at the front desk. Massages at the Spa and the whole Spa experience well worth the drive out from the strip
1	An all around crappy experience for us.  Constant mis-communications with the staff was just too much.  It was my first time in a spa, it was the day before my wedding, I should have been taken care if.  Instead, I was shown a door to a locker room by a woman who couldn't go in and off she went.  I later saw someone getting a full tour by a man and it made me wonder: what was different that he got the full explanation?  Why wasn't a guy available to show me the ropes?  Instead, I Ended up watching tv in the "relaxation room" for a half hour wondering what was going on or what i should do.  Boring.  Then aggravating.  Things were pretty,  but when/how do you use this stuff?  I would have loved to use the pool thing with the waterfall.  Eucalyptus probably would not have helped much in my case as I just chose to leave at that point without doing the massage or anything.  I won't even go into the details of the other issue we had, but just know that the staff upstairs doesn't communicate with the staff downstairs.  And the very LAST thing you want to tell someone after a bad experience is how they should feel.  As semi-locals, we won't be going back - I will send the wife to th M based on other reviews or have her try the spa at Loewes just down the road.  And for myself, I doubt you will ever find me in a spa ever again after this.Update:  They sent us a very nice, very personal apology and two gift certificates for massages at the spa.  I gave them to my mom as I said: Never again.
4	Formerly the Ritz Carleton, this is a gorgeous building reminiscent of a hotel in Florence, right down to the recreation of the Ponte Vechio, but here everything worked. Lovely pool and the"lagoon" a white sand beach and cold pool.   Very helpful, attentive service, shoes shined overnight as in Bangkok and a great location right on Lake Las Vegas village.  The area has been hammered by the downturn in the economy but take the opportunity to get there without the crowds.  The casino reopens Memorial Day.
4	Where do I start?? We went for our wedding anniversary and I am 8 months pregnant, we were looking for something relaxing and enjoyable before our baby arrives. We got there and check-in was quick, super quick. Got up to our room, key didnt work......this was only one of MANY problems. From the key not working, phone broken, TV broken, ice machine broken, bath tub broken, we were ONE second away from walking away and never coming back. BUT....here is where we give the hotel 4 stars, Steve the Engineer, had it not been for him and his constant attention to making sure we were taken care of, Loew's next door would have had a new customer! We went from 2 different lovely rooms to an AMAZING Suite and when I say amazing, I mean one of the best they had to offer. We had a room overlooking the water on the bridge. Wow, we were definitely happy with that, I suggest if you stay there that you get a suite on the water, gorgeous views!! They even took care of our entire day by the pool, food and drinks and needless to say my hubby was guzzling the cocktails too so it was pricey. Then he made sure to come down to the pool to make sure we were taken care of and promised us the next time we came to stay he would take care of us on our next trip out to Ravella. The grounds were gorgeous, pool was nice and relaxing, food by the pool was delicious. We had our server by the pool (Tammy) and she was a ton of fun, constantly taking care of us, brought me little things because I was pregnant and always had a smile on her face. She also had us special made lunch by the pool that wasnt on the menu. I would say this place is going to be great once it gets out all it's little kinks and quarks. I think we just for some reason had everything bad happen to us in the first 5 hours we were there, but they way they handled the situation was very customer first and eager to please. We plan on going back within the next year and bringing our family as well. Hopefully we can have Steve help us with enjoying our next stay at Ravella. Oh and one more thing, on the weekdays the village stinks! We went to dinner at the Sonrisa (I think) meh...they recommended the fajita's as the "best" thing on the menu and my hubby and I thought I cooked better at home. By the weekend the hotel occupancy had picked up so there was a ton more going on. Two places I highly recommend going, tuti gelati, yummmmy! And also the Rocky Mountain chocolate's. Also tried the Black Pepper grill, service was awesome, food not soo good. I ordered lobster and it was $20 for 6 oz which was actually maybe 1oz and I got 5 bites, small ones. They took it off the bill it was so ridiculous to charge me for nothing. My husband ordered the bone in rib eye, yeah, they forgot the bone and his mashed potatoes were potatoes mashed with a fork with some sour cream thrown in, hard as a baseball......the best food we had was poolside at Ravella.
4	What a great treat! The rooms are very spacious, The front desk clerks are very friendly and accommodating. Unfortunately the website mentions that the rooms include refrigerators but they are really just cooler, so we had to keep putting ice in there to keep the baby's milk cold. Great experience at the hotel, the pool was great. Lagoon is really cool. Very close to everything. The grassy area where the concerts are is directly out the back of the hotel. Looks like the village is about to get some new stores opening soon.  Food is great. Casino nearby is nice. Cabanas by the pool are really nice, very roomy and included 6 waters, apples, and nice cold washcloths.   Could use a small trash can in each one. The Spa and gym are very nice. The Spa is very upscale and the use of the facilities are included in the Resort fee. The Spa Manager was a bit unprofessional to a lady who was in the relaxation room that was upset that she had a male massage therapist and wanted to change her treatment so that she could have a female therapist. She also was a bit jumpy with me when I explained that there was a misunderstanding on the advertised price for their summer massage special. The advertisement reads 2 for you for $49 each. When I spoke over the phone I was scheduling 4 peoples treatments and I kept asking so its 49 total each ( meaning each person ) and apparently she meant each treatment.  so after my husband and I received our treatments and we were then informed that it was $98 dollars each person plus gratuity I paid without a problem, since we had already received the treatment But while I was explaining that it was not clearly explained to me and that I also scheduled 2 other people that were due to get their treatments and since they were not aware of the price being $98 each they might want to cancel and I don't want them being charged for canceling so late, the front desk clerk was extremely apologetic and got the manager to make sure who initially had a bad attitude but eventually made sure that the other two could cancel with out being charged a cancellation fee.  Its too bad they didn't suggest just one of them getting a treatment instead of both or allow them to get one treatment instead of 2 so they could have made some money rather than nothing at all but thats how it goes sometimes. But that is a very deceiving advertisement and should read 2 for $98 and when spoken over the phone it should be said that it comes to a total of $98 per person since each can be misconstrued to mean each person.
3	3.5 starsSigns and directions IN the building were confusing. Weird. We stayed at the trump last year. Trump was nicer. The pool is better here. The room at trump was nicer, though it's nice here too. The exercise facility was very nice!  The village shops were half "closed" half "not very interesting". I never saw anyone eating in the in-house restaurant. 20-minute drive to good restaurants. The place seems and feels relatively clean and well-maintained.
4	Visited the spa in June.  We had a deal for a package and went with another couple we do business with.  What an amazing place - terrific staff. Great amenities. Lovely pool and great spot to grab a salad for lunch (and a glass of wine) in our spa robes. Terrific, luxurious, convenient parking.  I'd go back for sure - and I'd check into getting a room at the hotel as well.
4	The hotel is gorgeous! They have a pool and there is a lagoon next to the waterfall. Pool bar & grille was good too. Our room was great. Nice flat screen TV, refrigerator, balcony, bathtub and shower, 2 sinks, cloud-like bed. Didn't have time to visit the spa or fitness center. The Medici Cafe had a great breakfast buffet.They are right next to the Village which is just shops and restaurants. Pizzamania is good but a little pricey. The only con was we waited over 40 minutes for our room to be ready. Check-in is at 3pm. We arrived at 5. Went into our room close to 6pm.
1	My husband and I went there for 4th of July weekend. Big mistake! I regret not staying at the strip. There are so many wrong things with this hotel, it became a joke at the end of our stay. 1) The hotel has no signs, we were lost trying to find the lobby. We walked around for about 20 minutes with luggage and my dog. 2) Guy at the counter was not very friendly. He also did not explain the extra charges made to our bank account and that they do a pending transaction until we check out. 3) When we checked our bank account, the hotel charged almost double the amount of the booking. They said it was for accidental charges... etc. 4) The service at the pool was AWFUL! Our packet included Pool BBQ beginning at 11am. We asked our server 3 times about it and what time it begun. 3 times she said it was at the pool, and kept walking. Another time she said it begun at 11am. Finally, around 1pm, we decided to order from their regular menu. When we come to find out we needed to order from her. She was never kind enough to explain to us how it worked. After we ate, we see the other guests finally ordering food as well. 5) The so called Village has NOTHING good to offer. Sunday night most restaurants had no food by 9, were booked, or closed! How can that be! it's Las Vegas! 6) The so called "Included Pool BBQ" was accidentally charged to our account. If I would not have said anything, we would have been charged for the food. 7) "Welcome" letter for our weekend was not detailed at all! It makes it seem like there are other things included in our packet, but in reality we need to pay for it. 8) Hotels buffet is WAY OVER PRICED! We don't even pay that much on a first class buffet that includes champagne. 9) I kept hearing nothing but complaints from other guests. That only confirmed that I was not over reacting. Over all, my experience was not plea sent at all! That hotel has so much potential, but needs a lot of improvements. Beginning from management and proper training for staff. Good service is #1 any where you go, and this place clearly lacks good service. I will not recommend this hotel to anyone. I'd rather continue to pay a lot more if I will get treated kindly. My husband wanted to leave the first night we were there. When I booked on line, I thought of having my anniversary dinner there. After my experience at Ravella, THAT WILL NO LONGER HAPPEN! I would not want my guests treated the way we were treated.
1	The front desk staff may be the dumbest group I have encountered in all my travels; lost packages that were left for me at the front desk, trouble figuring out  my bill, not helpful in finding local spots/activities, and more non-sense!
4	We stayed July 4th-8th. We went to check in @ 3 and our lake view room was not ready they offered a garden view right away or we could wait for the lake view about 30- 45 min. We waited and ventured out for a bit. They called us went up to our room wasn't a lake view called the front desk and they moved us to a actual Lake View on the bridge :) super happy! We travelled with a 10 yr old and 8 month old and must say we loved the resort. Never had to wait for anything, even the restaurants in village. We were always able to get umbrella at pool and at beach. Very relaxing! Without all the hustle and bustle of Vegas. The only thing that we were not happy with was the last night there someone knocked and tried opening up our door at 2:30 am and said Engineering! I screamed and the man apologized. He couldn't open the door all the way because of the lock. He woke up my kids needless to say. My husband called the front desk and they apoligized and said they were changing air filters. Also after we checked out on our way home I really started looking at our bill and we got charged a double resort fee. I called about a hour after we checked out and again they apoligized and was told we would see a credit in a few days. I will be checking. So besides these little incidents... Overall Great family vacation place.
4	The hotel was easy to find, valet staff was very nice. Front lobby was perfect, front desk staff used our Groupon with no problems, explained what we would be responsible for, etc..finding the room was a bit interesting the first time or two..kinda weird set up. The room was beautiful with a view of the lake and garden below, only thing was it was 106 outside, and the a/c vent is next to the window. Totally wrong by design, so by the time the air reached us, it was about 80 degrees! We did not ask to be switched tho, we loved our room anyway! Staff was amazing, we had breakfast at the buffet, and relaxing drinks at the bar in the p.m. everyone was friendly and polite! We used the Spa and Tina gave the best massage I've had in quite awhile. Diane gave me a pedicure and was very friendly and pleasant to talk to. Checkout went perfect, we had no surprises! We wish there could be a bit more to do in the Village...all in all, it is the perfect place for locals to escape tourists (sorry!) and the Strip!
3	I heard about this hotel through SniqueAway.com, but booked the hotel months after the SniqueAway deal ended because I fell in love with the thought of staying at a place modeled after what seems like an Italian villa.We booked the Lake View King  room for 3 nights and got the Summer Escape Package.After checking in, my boyfriend and I walked into the perfect room: Large bathroom with his & her sinks, a luxurious tub, and a stand-up shower; a king bed with the softest pillows and mattress I've ever laid on at a hotel; a generously-sized flat-screen tv; plenty of space with chairs to lounge; and a small private patio with the promised view of the lake.(I noticed a line of ants at the edge of our patio that did not seem to be going anywhere near our room entrance, so I did not feel alarmed).We proceeded to unpack and settle in, marveling our luck and the beauty of the hotel. My boyfriend tried twice to get his shoes shined around 7-ish (a complementary service), but his shoes were not picked up. I found a few-explorer ants in the bathroom--after dealing the penalty for trespassing, I again ignored their presence. I went to lay down with my boyfriend on our bed as he surfed the net (with free wi-fi) on his laptop to find us a place to eat and we found an ant marching along his lap top. After killing it, we closely examine the bed to find a couple of dead ants on it. That was the last straw.I called the front desk and after some consultation, the desk offered us two options: another room on the same floor that we had or a room 2 floors up, but its made to be handicap accessible. The desk asked, "would you like us to drop off the keys to your new room to you?" and I said, "that would be wonderful!" After gathering all our stuff we waited a good 20-30 minutes in our old room before finally going to the front desk with all our stuff only to find 3 staff members shooting the $h!t behind the desk. Turns out, they just stuck our new keys in an envelope and taped it to their desk...I thought they said they would bring it to us?...alrighty...We view our handicap accessible room only to be sorely disappointed. After being spoiled by the beauty and amenities of our original room, we did not want this one. This was totally our fault...So we go back down to the desk and ask to be re-assigned. By this time we are tired and hungry, thus we were irritated. The desk staff argued that we had wanted the handicap room--which we understood, but we decided we did not want it anymore (sorry! :/). She kept arguing with us until my boyfriend started to get pissed and I started to feel defeated. Eventually they gave us a new room on the ground floor--it again was everything we wanted. Although their service had soured our joy.We went to eat dinner in The Village (a shopping and dining area that is only a few steps away from the hotel) and had a great time. We got back to our hotel at around 930 pm, when my boyfriend tried a third time to have his shoes picked up for complimentary shining...Woke up the next morning and they were not touched--Fail, Ravella.The breakfast that came with our summer package was actually really good! We enjoyed the selection of the food and drinks. Also staff was friendly.I still have 1.5 days left here at the hotel--so we'll see what the rating ends up being...
4	The rest of our stay was quite pleasurable. The next two nights we came back late from the Strip and was met with very friendly and understanding guest service staff who also valeted our car. The fitness center was well equipped and fulfilled our needs (I'm a runner, my boyfriend prefers free-weights). The lady at the entrance was really nice as well.The pool was a great temperature, the private lagoon was beautiful, and the staff was helpful! The small bar/cafe near the pool had good food and I became addicted to their pina coladas. Overall the facilities and the views were amazing! The service was shaky at the start, but definitely improved throughout our stay.
4	Ok I love Dolce Boutique hotels, and Ravella use to be the Ritze Carlton transitiionig into the Dolce family . Located right on lake Las Vegas the resort and Ravella Development is gorgous.  There is a Lovley  " village" mixed housings and shops, spas  as well as water sport rentals offered on site.  The minuses were they have updated their room decor much from when it was the Ritz Carlton in February . The minuses are the Old blowdryers, no bathrobes, on weekends Friday, Sat, and Sunday the " village" the European  cobbled stone styled retail and Restaraunt  those concerts that can affect the comfort of your stay and Ravella has no control over the volume they can only change your room or you'll have to sway with the music till it ends if your looking for shut eye. Would definatley recommend for couples and families , there's so much activities to do outside and around the grounds . The views are breathtaking and if you lov evenin romantic strolls this is the place but plan accordingly the heat can shorten you time spent out doors, so you may want to check out their Casino and try your luck there.
1	I'm writing this to warn potential visitors to avoid the Ravella and actually Lake Las Vegas in general. The entire area is depressing with very little activity (it picks up on weekends). Many of the shops in the village have gone out of business (or soon will). The Ravella is not a 4-star property-- more like 3.  We had horrible service here from almost every department. We booked a package and both the photos/description they provided as well as those on the Ravella web site make the area and resort look wonderful. We assumed since the hotel used to be the Ritz that it would be nice and offer excellent service, hence the reason we booked it. Having stayed on the strip most every other visit, we were ready for a change. I only wish I had done some research on the area first. Search the web for "Lake Las Vegas Foreclosure" and you'll get more information than you probably want. Here's a history of the opening of the Ravella. It used to be the Ritz Lake Las Vegas for at least 5 years. In 2009, the property got foreclosed upon (actually so did the entire Lake Las Vegas development). It is now owned by Deutsche Bank Group. Interesting note, this is the same group that owns the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the strip (which was also foreclosed on prior to opening). From what I've read online, the bank has no interest in running hotels but has been forced into it (no one will buy the hotels from them). After the Ritz left, the hotel was empty for almost a year before opening up under the Ravella name in February of this year ('11). It is now being managed by the Dolce Hotel Group.As for the specific issues we encountered, I've posted a detailed review on TripAdvisor should you want to learn more about our experience. Yelp limits the amount of characters for its reviews.In short, I recommend that you avoid this hotel as well as Lake Las Vegas in general. Don't make the same mistake we did.
4	I ended up getting a daily deal for one day and than heavens that I did because I really need to get away have a staycation you know what I mean?The weather was wonderful, the Village was quite beautiful,the front desk was great at helping me,the service at the pool was great.This is a great place to relax.When you are tired of all the partying and the noise from all the typical Las Vegas pool parties and you just want to seriously unwind then this place is it!
5	went there for spa service is it was excellent.1. hotel is very pretty.there's swimming pool, and a man-made little beach with white sands you can even see enjoy the lake view when you are in the water.2. spa is nice. if you go on weekday, there's almost no one.so I actually get to enjoy the entire steam and Jacuzzi to myself.3. massage is amazing.I usually don't expect to get good massage in a hotel. but Danielle is really amazing.4. manicurist is very friendly. pomegranate pedicure come with a delicious pomegranate juice.5. spa looks really clean
4	This hotel is Amazing. Just beautiful. It is a little way from Vegas but that could also be a plus for a get away!~ As soon as you get there you are WOWED on how beautiful it is. The only thing is, it is very hard to get any direction around the whole hotel. It pretty big and no signs or anyone to find to direct you , To the pool, shops or restuarants. But if your a wonderer and love to find things on your own, this is the perfect place. I do got to say I LOVE ,LOVE LOVE their casino. No real live card tables, but they got computer card gals and I love it so much because I WON and got free drinks all day. Doesn't get to crowded and the staff is really friendly. We will be going back but for a little romantic getaway but until then you will caught us again in Vegas... This hotel IS something everyone should experience at least once. It will blow you away!~
3	Ravella is a great staycation hotel with good prices.  Their food is amazing at the bar, their decor and atmosphere are second to none.  Unfortunately, their rooms were only mediocre and didn't have the feel I expect from a hotel of this caliber.  Let me explain.First, the entryway is beautiful.  The drive alone is worth the trip to this hotel.  The bar and lounge is nice and the pool area is very chic.  When we finally found or way to the elevators to get to our floor, which felt like a maze, the room wasn't as pretty as it should be.  The refrigerator in our room wasn't even assembled yet.  The shelves still had packing tape on them from out of the box and wasn't even cold.  Putting it in a cabinet without ventilation makes the fridge hot because it's producing heat.  That was a minus.  The bathroom, although lovely, was smaller than I expected.  Having the shower in one corner next to the toilet and the deep tub on the other side is just odd.  The view was nice, though.  Unfortunately the bed was an old spring mattress with a mattress topper to make it comfortable, which did NOT help.  The bed was okay, but I guess after sleeping on a tempur pedic at home,  it felt weird.  The sheets were clean, the floor fine, but there was some dust on the lamp shades.  Overall, the room was okay, but nothing to write home about.  Nice hotel, great service, but a 3 star because I have experienced far better rooms in Vegas.
4	We went there on a romantic weekend. They have great locals deals too, it was $89 a night. The hotel is a beautiful hotel. The environment is so different from a typical Vegas experience, you really feel like you are somewhere else like CA.The front desk staff was very friendly. The room wasn't quite ready at check in so we walked around. They gave us a package with lots of deals for food and stuff. If you join their players club, they give you the resort fee back in free play. It was $22 but hey, its still free.The room was on the other side of the hotel and a bit confusing to get to.But once we got there. Wow, it was beautiful. The ceilings are very high for a hotel room. Makes the room seem all that more luxurious. They even have a mini fridge hidden in the cabinet.The bed was so plush, I just wanted to crash right there. The view was great too. We had a lakeside view and it was a beautiful sunrise.The whole Montelago Village is like a European village, cobblestone streets, lots of curious little shops. A great break from all the busyness Vegas is.We will definitely be back!
1	Quite simply this is the worst hotel I've ever stepped foot in. I had a business partner come into Vegas over Labor Day weekend...and he stayed here. When I went to pick him and his family up I was met by a valet that was rude, and a very unhelpful and downright snotty front desk staff. I walked into a room with marginally working A/C, a bathroom that looked like a teenager in a hurry cleaned it, and it kept getting worse and worse. While I waited for my people to get ready I walked down to the pool area, then out to the lagoon where I was accosted by a manager who quite frankly said if I wasn't a guest I needed to leave. No chance to explain why I was there, it was like this is not a public area, just leave. When I went back in to a hotel room that was at 93 degrees and looked at a bed that wasn't even sitting on the floor correctly I was like I've had enough. We packed everyone up, went out past the rude valet, got our own vehicles, loaded up and we left. I used my comps and put them up at Mandalay Bay instead...and the experience there was night and day compared to the Ravella. In short, this place was so bad, and the staff so rude and unprofessional that we walked out on them. We didn't bother to ask for a refund. This place just sucks. And the core reason why it sucks is the attitude of the staff and the management and the condition of the property. When you compare the Ravella experience to how you are treated when you go to Loews, just a short drive further into Lake Las Vegas you really notice the difference. Oh and if you walk outside....take the short walk down to the West end of the lake. When I was there a boat was dispatched to go out and churn up the water...because it looked like it had floating pieces of treated sewage in it. In short, if I could give this place NO STARS I would, because that's what it's earned.
4	We stayed here for a little weekend getaway and to enjoy the fireworks (they were great). The area/village is a bit quiet, but I enjoyed that. The CONS... The room we were first placed had a stinky shower (the pipes as if the shower hadn't been used in a while) and the couple staying next to us was super loud and smoked like a chimney. I called the font desk and we were quickly moved. (within 30 min we were in a new room).. No issues, lots of apologies. Also, no convenience shop. We needed cough drops and had to drive to a local CVS. The PROS.. Friendly staff (although a few of the staff need etiquette lessons). Gorgeous hotel, beautiful rooms, very family friendly. Loved the pool, the spa and the little lagoon. Well be back!
4	You gotta love Groupon...   Ok all editorializing aside....The wife bought a Groupon for a one-night stay at Ravella at Lake Las Vegas.  We'd never been to the lake, and the $119 price seemed like a great deal as it included breakfast.  Ravella is the former Ritz Carlton, re-opened as Ravella in February 2011.  We didn't know what to expect, and upon checking in, the friendly woman at the front desk was immediately puzzled by our Groupon as it "didn't match" the number she had in the computer.  Either way, she made it work, and issued our room keys.  We went to our room on the sixth floor, with a view overlooking the lake.  It was pleasant enough, but a chair in the room had an obvious stain right in the middle of the cushion, such that we had no interest in ever sitting on it.  My wife then recalled that our Groupon had included a "suite upgrade" and this room was certainly no suite.Back to the front desk, different woman.  We inquired about the suite upgrade that was included in our Groupon. She tells us the upgrade is "only valid if a suite is available."  Not true, the Groupon clearly stated "including suite upgrade."  She checks rooms, and says "yes there is one suite available, would you like it?"  Now bear in mind, this is a Tuesday in September, the resort was absolutely deserted, we saw only three other couples there during our stay.  Her telling us there was only one suite available was, let's be clear, a lie.  Anyway, we say yes we want the upgrade.  So now we're moved to the 8th floor (from the 6th).  Our suite was in the corner of the building, with the pool directly underneath us.  The suite was absolutely fantastic, oodles of room, and all the views panoramic and breathtaking.  And no stains on the chairs.  We went down to the large outdoor pool, which, as the hotel was virtually empty, had only two or three guests utilizing it.  The pool was perfect, as well the Jacuzzi.  So, in summation, I'd strongly recommend a suite if you stay at Ravella.  The included breakfast was phenomenal (see my review of Medici Cafe).  There are water-front activities available for those so inclined such as kayak and paddle-boat rental.  One caveat, we saw on the website there were "hiking and jogging trails" in the area.  Not so.  The "hiking and jogging trail map" available at the front desk simply tells you to go out on the main road and follow it.  Not really any trails, that was simply misinformation and we were more than a little frustrated by it.  Otherwise it was a great value and we will do it again!
5	Went to Lake Mead sometime this summer so we decided to stay at the Ravella. It's close enough to the lake and had boat parking which definitely helped.The rooms are beautifully decorated, their bathrooms are gorgeous! Very clean and organized, had absolutely no complaints about the rooms at all.It had a beautiful lobby and a nice pool area. Our only little complaint is the closing time at the pool! Also the closing time of everything at the Village. Didn't exactly get to party much that weekend... but it's ok.Overall we loved this place and will definitely be back
1	Can I give one star? What a disappointing experience at the spa. Absolutely awful customer service. No gratuity was authorized, let alone warranted, yet sure enough 20% was charged.  Our 80 minute massages were shortened to 60 as some kind of punishment for being 10 minutes early instead of 45 as is the supposed requirement. News to us! Never once were we informed of this "requirement" although multiple people in our party called multiple times to confirm our appointments. We were celebrating a birthday so it was intended to be an enjoyable experience - as generally spa days are. The birthday girl was shorted treatments by her masseuse who also happened to be the spa Operations Manager. Nice, huh?  When we complained we were offered glasses of champagne and a $25 spa gift certificate. Which of course is just laughable - what is $25 gonna do?  And the final act was a surprise $140 gratuity charge - charged after the fact!  We don't plan to ever spend another penny there and you'll be wise not to either.
5	The Ravella was amazing, everything from the staff to our room and the hotel grounds extremely exceeded our expectations. My husband and I held our wedding at the Ravella. We got an amazing package that included use of the wedding chapel, spa services and hotel rooms. The staff and the wedding coordinator were so friendly and accommodating. All of our guests raved about the hotel and its amenities. We stayed in Vegas on Friday night and so many of our guests wished that we had stayed at the Ravella both nights. The guests that did stay both nights were glad that they did. The resort grounds are beautiful and the spa had great deals that many of our guests took advantage of. I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody that wants to have a relaxing night away from the Vegas strip. It was also a great place to get married, the chapel was beautiful and the spa was super accommodating
1	We got ripped off....they tried to mea culpa...but not good enough!!We bought a deal thru Travelzoo, Hotel, Breakfast and massage for 2.  The message never happened do to "miscommunication" on their part.  The desk manager himself made the appointment for us,,,,,but the Nancy the spa director, after finding out this was a pakage deal, treated us like hillbillies and offered 1 massage much later and 1 pedicure, half the value.  What an attitude!!!!  What a condesending hag! Her final offfer........this is it...take it or leave it.  We had to leave it, we did not want 1 massage and 1 pedicure, we wanted the 'couples massage" that we were entitled to......now feel we would never buy another all inclusive package from Travelzoo....turns out to be bait and switch, and that hotel certainly would not be a choice again.The mea culpa, was another night....yeah right!!, we are going to spend airfare/gas for 1 night....add to that the $22.00 resort fee PER NIGHT, food, tax, parking (1/2 hour from the strip) and it will COST us about $400.00 to fianlly JUST get the "included" massage!    Total RIP OFF!!!!!
2	I was really unsatisfied with the service there. The resort itself is pretty. Lake, village, mountains. Sure it was pretty. But from the second I walked in to the resort I was a complete inconvenice. The most helpful and friendliest people there was the accounting person on the phone during my dispute over a 400! dollar charge and a lady on the stairs I saw while wandering after my 6hr commute because my room wasn't ready ( got there at 6pm room was to be ready by 3pm). Thank you accountant lady and thank you lady on the stairs. Weddings looked like fun there but not a getaway for a lone traveler.
4	I love this place. Huge fan. I have stayed at Ravella twice (August and New Years), and both times it gave me a very weird, but peaceful feeling. Somebody mentioned the "Twilight Zone" in another review, and I think that is a good description. The hotel and its grounds are absolutely beautiful. It is a great place to just go and relax. Unfortunately, the effects of the economy are obvious. Ravella seems very underbooked, understaffed and The Village is full of abandoned storefronts. It is kind of depressing, but it is also very quiet, tranquil and beautiful so that makes up for it I guess. On New Years Eve though, The Village got a decent crowd. It was kind of eery. Like, where did all of these people come from? They can't be staying at the hotel! It's empty![Most of my "not so goods" are about The Village, not the Ravella itself]The Awesome:- Beautiful hotel, beautiful grounds.- FREE WIFI! And it is FAST!- Decent price.- Very friendly and helpful staff.- Ample parking.- Beautiful views. First time we had a balcony over the courtyard, and this last time we had a patio with grass.- Very peaceful. Feels high class to this t-shirt and shorts guy.The Mediocre to Not so Good:- Very difficult to get a meal or even a cup of coffee past 10pm. Only option is Harry's in the Montelago Casino. The few places in The Village that are still in business are not open after 9 or 10.- Like many others noted, the AC does not cool the room, not even in the Winter.- Paper thin walls.- People were smoking in the room next door to us, a non-smoking room.- The Village is pretty much deserted.- Nothing to do in the evening.- Far from the strip: shuttle runs too infrequently and ends too early.- Bizarre layout; more like a mansion than a hotel.- The Village has a sewage smell at times. It reminded me of the lagoon at UCSB.The Terrible:The New Years Eve package. The dinner and breakfast were both awful and not worth the money by a long shot. Beer and wine were free... but soft drinks cost $3.00 for HALF A CAN of Coke! I was not allowed to keep the remaining half of the can. So, it is $6 for a can of Coke. That being said, the Coke was definitely more expensive than the wine we were served. Even worse, they brought a child a FREE glass of Sprite. WTF? We left most of our dinner for the waiter to take back. Afterwards, the head waitress or whatever came by and asked us "We like to get feedback. What was your favorite part of the meal tonight?" My mom and I just looked at each other as we struggled to come up with an answer. I said "salad" and my mom said "the grilled vegetables." The poor dinner/breakfast really put a damper on NYE at Ravella.This is a great vacation destination, but come with few expectations. You will need to make your own fun, or just relax. You can still go to the Strip and have some fun, but plan on spending the whole day there, and then come back and enjoy the peaceful surroundings. Despite the annoyances I mentioned, and the terrible NYE package, we will definitely return. BTW, this would be a great place for a romantic weekend, as long as your significant other isn't utterly annoying, because there is nowhere to run...
5	I just got back last night and cannot wait to return! My best friend and I decided to take a little girl's getaway before she has her baby... looked high and low for someplace that was going to meet our needs. We wanted to spend a day at the spa, we wanted to be able to gamble, I wanted to have some drinks.. after all, I'm not pregnant! We wanted to do a little shopping and just be able to relax and enjoy ourselves, but not be completely bored either. Upon arriving we were awestruck by the beauty of the property. It is HUGE.... And it was also EMPTY, but honestly, it could have just been so large that it just felt that way.. definitely not complaining. The service was incredible. My best friend and I both discussed that even though this was obviously a slow time of year for them, they were still fully staffed and we didn't have to wait or ask twice for anything. The Bellman/Valet was super friendly and helpful. Our bags were delivered immediately along with several recommendations on what the village offered. I was worried about checking in because this was a getaway package we purchased through plum district, but it went flawlessly. The woman at the front desk knew exactly what was going on and even asked if she  could make reservations for us at the spa... which we had already done.  We were upgraded to a lake view room and we also had a view of the village. The room was beautiful, and the view was great as well... all I could think about was visiting when it is warmer to make use of the lake! The first night we were tired from the drive and just had a quick dinner at the pub in the village and played a few minutes of slots in the casino. We made this a really early night. Day two we were able to make the short drive to the outlets in North Las Vegas, which is by the old strip. We had a wonderful day shopping and upon return to the hotel got ready for a fun night out. We had dinner around 8 and then hit the casino. Loving the blackjack tables with the virtual dealer! It was busy enough that we didn't get the table we were looking for, but had a blast at the $3 blackjack table. We had an awesome cocktail waitress, she was very attentive and I never needed to wait for a drink! Let me get to the BEST PART. The SPA. My goodness. First of all, the girls that work the desks were so friendly and helpful. We were the only people in the spa and the girls that work there weren't chatting in a corner to pass the time. They were very attentive and helpful. I wish they had more photos of the spa on their website, because it is beautiful. Probably the prettiest and most tranquil water room. The Jacuzzi was unbelievable, then they had a small cool water pool with a waterfall in it. They had a Tsunami Shower, a sauna and a eucalyptus steam room. Because my BF  is pregnant, she usually cannot sit in a steam room for more than 3 or 4 minutes because her core temp isn't supposed to reach 103 degrees..... but this was perfect. We could turn the temp way down and we are two girls at nearly 6' tall each and we could still spread out and lay down in this HUGE steam room. If you decide to visit the spa, let me tell you that Gretchen was my massage therapist and she was absolutely out of this world. We had an 80 minute treatment with massage, peppermint foot scrub and rosemary scalp rub. WOW. Gretchen was completely amazing. My best friend had the pregnancy massage with Laurie and she had nothing but the most incredible things to say. I know this is a long review, but, the resort was dead. I know it was playoffs weekend, and totally off season, but my fear is that my new favorite hidden gem will not get enough business to stay around. I want everyone to go to see how wonderful it can be. This is not a place to go if you need to meet a ton of new people and are expecting a club scene (unless they shuttle you out to the strip and you take a cab back)... this is a place to go to relax, have some fun and enjoy the group you came with. I absolutely loved the hotel and all of the people that worked there were beyond helpful. I can't wait to return!
1	Just came back from a one night stay at the Ravella at Lake Las Vegas.  Seriously, this is a strange resort.  Once you start walking around you begin to notice the fake lawn in the 'Italian' courtyard, the broken ceiling tiles in the walk ways,  empty storefronts in the faux village, etc.  My son and I ordered two sandwiches from the restaurant and he asked for a beer.  The waitress said they only served soft drinks and juice.  Not true.  Two other patrons were drinking beer.  We asked the waitress why them and not us she replied that she would have to go upstairs to get it!  The following day I was kind of itchy but was anxious to go home.  At home I found the itches were caused by little bed bug bites all over my belly.  Seriously, this is not the place to stay in unless you want to be be reminded of the bad economy that exists in Las Vegas, insulted by waiters and bitten by bed bugs.
5	**************SPA REVIEW************This spa is gorgeous. It feels like a mansion. You can tell it was once a Ritz Carlton. The decor is all polished marble, ivory and classy. There are windows and palm trees. It smells like a spa and is just beautiful. The locker rooms are spacious. There are lots of showers, toilets, sinks. Like I said it is huge. The steam room, sauna, and jacuzzi are all in a medium sized room with a few lounge chairs. The receptionist was very friendly when we checked in. The therapists were professional. Again, I was shocked at how many treatment rooms there are. This spa could handle some serious business or conventions. My friend and I made appointments for a massage and facial.  We sat in the waiting lounge and enjoyed cucumber water and nuts and were so comfortable we just hung out in our robes after to chat.I was torn between Spa Moulay at the Westin ( previously Loews) and Ravella. I toured Spa Moulay and let me just say this..... Ravella is the one to choose. (Spa Moulay at the Westin is a creepy, dark, smelly spa in the basement dungeon of the hotel).
4	Ok, so reading the reviews on this site for the hotel and its staff one would be scared off but please read on as many of them are undeserved and are just some emotional customers venting on having to pay a little to live the "good life" They do charge you $15 a day to valet park as a guest and people are upset as those who come in for dinner valet for free. I can appreciate that especially if you are too fat/lazy to park in the garage and walk the 1/2mile back and forth you most likely could use the exercise so cough it up or take the walk.The room was fairly clean. No bugs were found but there was some mold in the bathroom. The AC unit was confusing but we did get the room down to 60 at night. The people who complained about that may have been upset about the daytime temp and Im guessing they had the window shades open.The elevators are kind of confusing and Im guessing the hotel went through a remodel and the 2nd elevator was added to go up to the new floors. Even still there was never a long wait and everything worked smoothly.The staff was very professional and helpful with suggestions. We were given $50 food credits but as many of the locations on site aren't affiliate with the hotel we couldnt use them anywhere. (We used it poolside on day one and then at the breakfast buffet on the final day)Proof that we had a good/great time is that we were there for three days and besides sleeping we didnt spend more than an hour/two in our room being awake. This is/was my best "staycation" of the year and Ive taken about 4. I cant wait till I can be back.
4	After reading all the BAD & few reviews for this place I was about to cancel.  I am GLAD I did not cancel.  We came here for our wedding anniversary which was during the week 6/26/2012.  This place is beautiful I never knew this lake existed in Las Vegas.  It was very nice and peaceful nice to get away from everything and just hang out.  We walked around the lil village stopped at the cigar lounge smoked a cigar nice and peaceful.  Walking around the hotel there was hardly anyone there it made it feel like I was at my own castle.  LOL .............. the staff is very nice and friendly.  According to the employees here they said it gets a Lil busier during weekends! Most of the people we meet there were a locals that just wanted to get away.  It was a very nice stay for us.  Then we headed for VEGAS for the weekend!
2	You can totally tell this place used to be a Ritz Carlton. But it needs some major remodeling. Its kinda dirty and used, this is what I mean; you know when you used something so much it does not mater how much you try to clean it or fix its just done. Well that how I feel about the rooms in this hotel. I read the review of Katherine L, oh Katherine I've should of listen to you. The first night I could not stop itching for the life of me. After they change the sheets, I could still not stop itching. Very uncomfortable 2 nights. Also they have a white sand area with a small lagoon to swim well wen we got there that area was closed, that was a big bummer.I do have to say that I really did appreciated their customer service very polite, even the maintenance personnel where very polite. The pool area was very cool, also if you go with your kids take them to the pool in the afternoon cuz they show movies for kids wile their in the pool.  Also if you want to go to the strip wile your in the Vegas area, just stay at the strip. The strip is like 20 to 30 minute drive from the hotel. In conclusion; its a nice place but, I really don't think its worth staying there I have no idea how this hotel is a 4 star hotel. I would think it would be a 2 star. Don't do what I did, listen to these reviews before you book a room. Katherine im going to listen to you next time.
1	If you're staying here I hope you're in good shape.  Seriously, $215 for one night and it's a 8 minute walk to your room (yes I timed it).  The good- the place is pretty, the people are friendly and the drinks I drank were strong.The bad- the place is huge, in the 2 days I have been here I swear I've walked 10 miles between the trips  from the room to the lobby and one trip to the "village." The service (restaurants) is slow, painfully slow and the food is mediocre.  I waited 45 minutes for the bell desk to bring my luggage. When I called to ask where my stuff was I was told they only had one person running luggage up and I was last on the list.  You'd think with a "resort" this size they'd have more than one person running luggage, it wasn't even 8pm.  The outside is dirty, there's a bunch of bug nests on the outside.  The room won't get cool, and the hallways are freezing. Lots of bugs inside, we found 2 grasshoppers in the dining room.  The food is horrible, even the macaroni & cheese was gross. Lastly, 2 of the 5 lamps in our room worked, so it was pretty dark in there at night time.Will I stay here again? BIG FAT NEGATIVE
2	The boyfriend and I had a nice time here for a staycation. Another reveiwer worded it perfectly you can tell it used to be a Ritz but it needs some cleaning up, it feels old.  I thought the staff was friendly enough. I had reserved the room online and added the upgrade which they are supposed to let you know if you get the upgrade when you check in. They made no mention of it, but my boyfriend asked and we ended up paying more than what the online price was. It was only a couple dollars hardly worth mentioning since total bill was over $200 for one night + room service. Sooo the room service...if you stay here DO NOT ORDER ROOM SERVICE. It was the worst meal of my life, fake smoke added to the bacon ruined everything on my plate and the eggs tasted like they were microwaved. The total bill was $60 for breakfast, strip prices, but at least the room service at most hotels on the strip is worth the premium. Again no point in complaining...my boyfriend will eat just about anything.The bar in the hotel was fantastic, they made the best peach cosmo well worth the price! Very slow with the service though...The village is cute, didn't find much for food in the immediate area, however the cigar bar is definitely worth a visit. The casino was not much at all but somehow we still found our way there a few times during the night.  ONLY electronic dealers, come on now, but the BF did enjoy their selection of free beer while we were playing (losing). Overall might stay here again if we head out that way but need to save up $$$.
3	This hotel is nice enough but it's much more for the business crowd than staycationers or visitors. All the staff even admits this. It's a nice hotel but there's not much to do there and little in-hotel dining options, so if you're looking for a lot of quiet time and R&R this is the perfect place for you.Would be a good staycation for Las Vegans if there is a major event going on at Lake Las Vegas such as the summer movie nights etc. Lake Las Vegas does not provide much entertainment outside of the special events.
1	I really really REALLY wanted to give these guys a positive review REALLY I did. The location and the property are absolutely BEAUTIFUL, however after 3 BOTCHED attempts at staying here...the most recent today. I will be leaving them a one star. First two times I stayed here they improperly charged my credit card and I had to call and demand they reimburse me for charges I should not have incurred. Well today I tried to reserve my room for a Travelzoo voucher that I had purchased for NEW YEARS EVE keep in mind that was the whole point of the voucher. I called and they had NO ROOMS available but them tried to sell me crappier rooms at an elevated rate. I informed the operator well since my voucher covered a much nicer room could I just settle for one of the poorer rooms as this was where my gf and I wanted to spend New Years. She refused. WTF? This place is like a ghost town every time you go there. I think they would be scrambling at any business they could get. Like I said I wanted to like this place. As a local I would love to tell people to go here to stay. UNFORTUNATELY this place has struck out 3 times in a row. Looks like I will be spending my money somewhere else as they have lost what should have been an easy repeat customer. EPIC FAILPS. Just booked a night at the Westin and paid full price. Thanks again for sucking Ravella and trying to ruin our New Years
5	Such a pretty view of the lake. lovely service and laid back atmosphere
3	I really like this hotel. I didn't think it would be that far from the strip though especially during those nights when there is traffic on the fwy going to the strip. My boyfriend and I came here without plans but if I really planned on walking around and doing things on the strip, I wouldn't recommend this hotel because it is milesss away from the strip. I got this offer from livingsocial for $79 a night. The "lake" can be deceiving. It is just a small body of water that one side of the hotel is built on top of. The "ravella" view is also pretty small. It is just a small courtyard with trees and bushes. For $79/night it was pretty cool but I wouldn't stay here again since there's not much to do around. The lobby/living room area by the check-in is beautiful though. It looked very upscale and it smelled like air freshener which I liked. It was very awkward because they offer valet but I could see my car and literally could walk about 20 steps to get to it.. My boyfriend and I just took the valet since he asked which car was ours so he can get it and it honestly took him 30 seconds to get it and park it in front of us. It felt so silly.. haha Oh and the walls are very thin. I could hear EVERY movement that the people next to us made. From walking, talking, their running water.. I could hear it all the way from our room. It was very uncomfortable trying to sleep when the couple next to us were ... busy doing their thing.. if you know what I mean. Awkwarddd..
4	I was a little skeptical about my "stay-cation" last weekend based on the yelp reviews, I take Yelp seriously- but I don't think it deserves the lower rating.  I very much enjoyed my two day stay here.  Perhaps the issue that people have is that they don't know what Lake Las Vegas is like nowadays.  Its not a place to really party and mingle with new people.  Its very quiet and slow because of the recession, but so nice! We had a lovely room overlooking the lake on the bridge.  I was able to walk out to my balcony each morning and feed the ducks.  The crown moldings, marble and chandeliers remind you that this was a Ritz.  The manicured garden in the courtyard opens up to the village- some nice restaurants and the casino.  The only problem was the pretty long walk to my room, but it was worth it to be able to have a balcony overlooking the lake.  A hearty recommendation!
5	Excellent spa. The customer service and the facilities were great. Cierria was my massage therapist and I was in heaven. I have been to many spas and this one is so far the best. Relaxation room, hot tub, steam room, dry sauna everything was great. Had lunch in private room off a secluded garden. Just the best way to relax. Will definitely go again my next time in Vegas.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER! There was not one person in  this entire hotel that we came across who didn't have an attitude or act like I wanted their kidney. There is a laundry list of horrible experiences from the checkin desk clerk to the wait staff to the bartenders And even the valet. I WILL NEVER STAY HERE EVER AGAIN OR RECCOMEND ANYONE ELSE DO THE SAME. Luna italian restaurant was even worse. The worst server on the the planet which was very sad because the food was good. Same thing for Harrys. I've never been more shocked at the things that came out of the staff's mouth than this weekend. At all three locations we asked for managers and never did one appear. We were told none of them were on staff. One employee even told me that it wouldnt matter anyways because the managers here don't care about the hotel or guests anyways and suck so need to talk to them! Who talks ab out their boss like that?!!! WORST PLACE EVER PACK A TENT AND STAY IN THE PARKING LOT. YOU'LL HAVE A WAY BETTER TIME!
3	It's a 5 star resort manage and maintained by a 1 star company. The deals they offer online to HS in the completely erong crowd. Really bad.Hilton will be buying it in June. Try them around October. The mess should be fixed by then. The massage therapist Sonyi...tries to convert you to being a Mormon!The girls in the pedicure section were outstanding! Loved them.The spa and steamroom was nice but fairly unkept. Only plain water available. Rusted shower heads and pipes everywhere. The pool is great except for the absolutely low end chairs they are using. Apparently when this was a Ritz the good quality cushion chairs were sold off.Art: it's completely missing from this hotel. Walls are bare and its odd.Music: some should be playing everywhere for ambience! Checkout and fee's: absolute nightmare
5	Me and my wife recently stayed here for our 2 year anniversary and this by far is one of the best hotels I've had the pleasure of staying at! The staff was very accommodating and friendly! Our view over looking the lake from the balcony was like no other ! The room service was phenomenal! I ordered the Ravella burger and fries! They said it would take about 35-45 mins but it arrived to our room in about 10! Freshly prepared and exactly how I asked! I recommend anyone to stay here! Great room, Great food, great guest service, beautiful location what more can you ask for !
1	I'm currently staying at Ravella and it's 2 am and just had to write a review. Okay, lets get all the positives out of the way. Yes, Ravella is a beautiful resort from the exterior however, there's a lot of negatives. Lets start with the entrance. From the parking structure, there aren't signs that lead you to the front desk. Totally confusing. The front desk agents were very umm, can't be bothered? I hope when this was The Ritz the customer service wasn't like this! Now, lets get to the room. Staying on the "bridge". Room is nicely decorated, but the view sucks! We got the view facing the ugly side of the lake so, not really worth being on the "bridge". Totally would have preferred the courtyard view instead of this! Okay, now, the biggest downside to this hotel.. You can hear EVERYTHING in the other room. When I say everything, I mean literally everything! Just woke up at 2 am because our neighbor was taking a large dump! Gross! Now I just hear him coughing like profusely. Ill just have to sleep with the TV on the rest of the night. Better than hearing everything else around me. I just can't believe this use to be a Ritz! I travel a lot for work and by far, this hotel has the worst sound barrier! I will most certainly go back to Lake Las Vegas however, I think I'll stay at MonteLago or The Westin!! EWE to Ravella!I really wanted to like this place! Just failed miserably! Now, hope I can go back to sleep! It's that bad my review couldn't wait till morning!
4	Amazing location and good service staffFrom what I found in researching hotels, this used to be a Ritz that closed when the economy tanked Lake Las Vegas.  You can tell-- amazing property, fine detail, and superb features.  You can also tell it's not a Ritz anymore.  There is visible wear and need for cleaning; gardens have fake grass; very few service staff around; and a dead golf course on the way in.  That said, the staff was very courteous and the concept behind the properties and location make you wish the economy had kept it going. The staff is very courteous.  Accessing the Village is a breeze with nice little shops to walk through.  The bed is great and the room quiet, accented by the occasional clock tower bells marking the hour.Would stay again in a heartbeat and look forward to seeing the properties there continue improve.
1	I am a Vegas local and have stayed here on two previous occasions.  Both times were with Groupon/Living Social deals and I was very happy.Fast forward to a month ago when I purchased another Groupon for a Spa package and hotel stay.  The first time I called to book a date, I was told their reservation system was down and that a Supervisor would call me back the following day.  No call back.  I tried again a few days later and was told that they did not have the correct codes to book the Groupon.  I was also told a Supervisor would call me back.  No call back.  I again tried a few days later and was the told the same thing.  They did not have the correct Groupon codes to make a reservation?????   I was again told a Manager would be contacting me immediately.  A Manager did not call.My next call was to Groupon.  I was immediately refunded my Groupon purchase and told that others had experienced problems as well.Buyer beware.  Not sure what is going on here.  A shame really considering it is a really nice Hotel.
2	Hilton recently took this property over, and the transition appears to be proving rough.  The hotel itself is very nice and the rooms are comfy. However, there are some important things missing from the equation.It is difficult to find one's way from the front desk to the elevators.  That sounds odd, but there are multiple halls and turns before you get to the elevators, and the path is not well marked.Once in the room the first thing I noticed was the window covered with bird poop.  On the overhang above our window were multiple bird nests.  We just kept the curtains drawn.  The second thing I noticed was that there was no little binder or book of information about the property.  An unimpressive 1-page room service menu was there however.Without a resort map in the room, I went to the front desk.  None there either, and they gave me confusing directions to get to the pool.   Once I finally found it, I was surprised at how small and crowded it was. I will not comment on the water temperature because of the high air temp.  But the combination was very uncomfortable.My usual first day at an unfamiliar resort is to sit in the pool and order cocktails.  Once I found a place in the shade and got settled in the pool, I watched the two servers running around keeping glasses full for just about everyone.  After 30 minutes of unsuccessfully getting a server's attention, I walked back to my room and mixed my own drink in a large thermos.  I happily sat in the pool and sipped my beverage, clearly from the "outside", and not a word was said to me.Back inside the hotel, there is only one option for dinner, and a different option for breakfast and lunch.  Breakfast and lunch are available at the $$$$ Medici dining room on the lower level.  Lunch and dinner are available in the lobby bar, which is very attractive and has a nice view of the gardens and lake.When it's hot outside, as it was on the day of my visit, there is really nothing to do inside but drink and gamble, unless you are planning a wedding at the property.  We ventured into the casino.  Tobacco smoke and stale something drove us back out into the heat.Happily, we found a great place for dinner, not affiliated with the hotel.We'll be back to the restaurant, but not the hotel.  Sorry Hilton, I hope you got this place for a good price. It's a fixer at best.
2	This review was rejected by Travelocity, so I figure I'll never trust their reviews since they are "moderated" when you have something less than pleasing to post.This hotel is located in a nice area about 20 minutes from Vegas. We had some issues with banging on doors early in the morning. When we reported it to the front desk their best answer was something like of "oh wow".  The hotel has a pool. Not heated thou! We stayed in September and the weather was relatively hot but the pool was freezing so we could not use it.  Overall it was a descent stay until we checked out. They hit you with around $25 per night on "resort fees" (not like they have any amenities to support this fees) I wish it would have been disclosed as we had payed in advance through Travelocity. So being that we stayed for 7 nights it was an expensive surprise. Their response was "it's the small print"
3	First of all I will say that I live near and WANT this property to stay and be nice.  Lake Las Vegas is amazing yet dying. It is very sad that locals don't support the area. The spa is very nice, does it need a little sprucing up? Yes but it is very nice and the staff is skilled.  I didn't like the resort fees as I do not feel at this time it is warranted. When we were walking through the village at night we were told we either had to pay for a ticket to listen to a jazz concert out by the lake or leave the village. When I complained to the Hilton I got not a single response. As we were being guests there we wanted to be able to stroll around until a favorite band started at the Irish Pub in the village. Instead we were made to leave or pay which we had no interest in hearing the jazz band and especially since they hired a bouncer to make people pay up and not stroll through the village. Since that time this summer most of the shops and the Casino are closed. It is sad because this is an amazing area. Hilton too bad you do not care about customer service we will be taking our staycations to the Westin instead.
