1	I like CK, but after my experience at this store it will be my last CK experience.If you don't care for good decent service then don't go here. I actually made a few purchases but I and my friend were NOT satisfied with the service because there was none. The store is a cab ride away from the strip of Vegas and I and my friend went to the outlet.They are fully staffed and no one even asked me for assistance not even the cashier. The one lady rang me up didn't even ask me anything except for my ID. In fact she was talking and giggling with an associate. So unprofessional. I am a low maintenance guy. I don't ask for much. Some things you do expect in retail. Like service.In fact this one young guy rang up the wrong price on pants on my friend. I just starred at the guy but he would not even look up at me. I wish he did so I can raise hell on him. My friend was upset as well.My friend had to correct his mistake and did not even apologize for his or the stores markup. The staff is LAME! Bottom line. There will be no next time..If you go to this store..you will be sorry.
3	Separated into two sections, men's fashion on the left, women's fashion on the right. They had a good amount of stuff for the pickings but I doubt they usually get this many people in there at one time and were not able to handle the amount of people trying to get into a dressing room.Hubby was going to try on some jeans which were a bargain at 2 pairs for $55. However, the long line put him off -- men! -- but I told him to stand and wait and try them on. He said there were 10 people in line. I told him that men try things on much faster than women so the line will go by quickly.While he did that I browsed the women's section -- the stuff which were discounted the most were junky items. The nice things weren't really discounted much at all. I guess it's a gimmick to get you into the store.
2	Great sale going on, but didn't find anything worth buying.I did eye a couple of cute winter caps for 60% off. However, after purchasing 2 Burberry caps the previous day, I decided I was capped out...
3	Another store that seems to cater to the "slim fit" crowd. If there ever comes a store that caters to the "healthy" or "fat" guy, I'll be there all the time. Not that I'm obese - I just don't like fitted clothes. I feel like I'm being strangled which I don't care for much.As for the prices - I find the same name brand at discount houses at lower price points than at this outlet shop. That seems strange to me but it is what it is. They can sell their wares to the tourists and I can go elsewhere to buy the same stuff.I walked in - looked around and left. Too bad too because I love their stuff.
4	For those of us with a trim frame, we often feel left out at many of the "big and tall" stores. I don't recall seeing a "skinny and tall" store. If so, I'd like to pay it a visit. In the absence of a store which such a title, Calvin Klein isn't a bad alternative. Finding bargains at this store is totally hit or miss. They had unimpressive fake leather jackets $169. I've worked in a leather-related industry before and can tell you they were way over-priced for the quality of hide they were using.On the other hand, I was able to nab a really nice pair of linen pants which normally go for around $100 at a Nordstrom, but was on sale for only $40. The men's dress shirts were reasonably priced as well, though I passed on them. The clearance rack is somewhat messy but is all 50% off. Finding what you want will take time, plan accordingly.As for checkout and the fitting rooms, both had long lines, even for a Monday afternoon. Don't expect to rush in or out of here. The staff did a decent job of moving people along, but there were still lots of folks in the store getting their outlet fix on. Avoid this place on the weekends if at all possible.
5	The customer service has been exceptional on my many visits to this store. The associates keep the store relatively well organized and clutter-free. Calvin Klein is a great choice for those who like a clean, basic, tasteful, and trendy look. This outlet always has great sales/discounts. Be sure to sign up for the Calvin Klein Preferred program for even more savings. My only critique is that they need to have more xtreme slim fit shirts (dress/casual) in stock in smaller sizes.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE CK!! I absolutely love the way CK clothes fit on me. I am a weird size, im short but athletic so their body fit styles work perfect for me. I love the styles and colors they have and for the most part their customer service is always friendly! They also give out military discounts :) always a plus !!!
2	Please note that this review is for the Calvin Klein Underwear store only. I am giving them two stars. One because they had what I wanted and one for the item being on sale. Other than that, there was nothing really interesting or special about this store.I walked in and it was completely empty. One person shouted hello which I guess was the standard greeting. That was the only interaction that I had. I was left to look for what I wanted (which took ten minutes). Luckily I was able to find my item by myself. I lined up to pay and it took a manager to get an employee to ring me up. I would have thought that they would want to take my money. That was another five minute wait that I did not need. Overall it was a two star experience. If I didn't need my items, I would have probably skipped the store entirely.
1	negative 5 star... store #313 (underwear store in the premium outlet). worst service and they forgot to apply 20% discount. for an over priced underwear. most of the time you can find the same product at ross and marshalls. dont pay for their over price crap. there were three associates working and none helped until i had to call their attention. they were having a great time having inappropriate conversations while at work.  now i called saying they forgot to apply the discount and now i have to go in the store so they can give me money they owe me.. store manager is fred- ill be talking to him in the next couple days..
2	This was a great reminder of why I shop online:I purchased a shirt from here and I was putting it and modeling to myself in the mirror - like "who's a stud!?! This guy that's who!" When I noticed a huge tear down the middle-side of the shirt! I recalled the day prior when I purchased the shirt that it did not have any tags on it, so I started to get the feeling that someone probably returned it and it was half-checked out and then put back on the floor where I happened to find it and buy it.  Now an hour before my flight leaves, I'm sitting outside the CK store because they told me they cannot allow me in the store until 9am.The moral of the story - I have purchased many things online - NEVER had an issue. No lines, no people holding up the line talking about "it said in the window there, there is a storewide sale!?!"  Nothing.
5	This one is located in the Northern part of the strip. The customer service here is top notch, and they have no problems with returns. Their selection is better than the outlet in the Southern outlets, but it's pretty obvious because this one is probably 3 times bigger than the south. They also carry more styles than the southern outlet.
4	A rather large CK outlet here. They have men women and a few underwear items here. Expect some rude Asian tourists here though.Sign up for their loyalty program and you will receive lots of coupons in the mail.
