4	Great nail Salon! I had my nails done with this new "gel product" about 4 weeks ago and they are JUST  NOW starting to look Iike I need a touch up! I hate getting "fake nails " so I always ask for a regular manicure anywhere I go, but within days the polish starts to come off.  Kim the lady who did my nails this day offered to use gel polish! Thank you for that  Kim! I love the gel polish! My nails have never looked so healthy and nice! I will be back! and will tell everyone I know.
3	Relatively new to the neighborhood, this nail salon has been open for less than a year as of the writing of this review. As a result, when you enter you can smell the newness of the salon. We went on Memorial Day and there were two girls working, one of which was busy with a client already. Unfortunately, my sister and I had come in to get manicures together, but with one person occupied we had no choice but to do ours separately. I ended up going first and asked for an American which the girl doing my nails was not familiar with. She then proceeded to say they didn't offer them. The other girl corrected her and said they could do it. They have a tv going on the one wall, which is nice if they have something on the tv that you're interested in. The girl, Cindy, I was with was nice and tried to make small talk, but in typical nail salon style, her and the other girl working also proceeded to have their own conversation in Vietnamese.So, even though I haven't had anything super positive to say about this salon, I am willing to come back and try it again on a non-holiday as well as for my regular nail salon repertoire which is the spa pedi.Plus: There's a menchie's in the same plaza (frozen yogurt!)
4	I came in here for a quick polish change right before the 4th of July. I didn't have an appointment but they were able to accommodate me fairly quickly. It was an instant relief that the ladies weren't wearing masks. That kind of stuff always freaks me out, because if they have to wear a mask then you know its not good for you or your nails! They were pretty busy but my polish change was done quickly and nicely. Overall, I liked it and I probably will be back next time I need a quickie mani/pedi.
5	My husband and I go here ever 10 days- 2 weeks depending on what services we need. I get gel polish with a manicure pretty frequently because cooking & bartending do a number on my nails! My husband gets pedicures for in-grown toenails & manicures since he needs his nails nice for his job.Anna does my nails and I like chatting with her while there. Her work is very neat and she always recommends great colors. Hubby has Holly do his toes and she or Cindy do his mani's. They are both super sweet! I have referred Cindy to my friends who get acrylics and they have been very happy with her work.Their hours are great, service is great and work is super great!
4	Been looking for a good place to get my nails done and I think I found it. After moving here 6 months ago I have gone to few different salons this was by far the best. Clean and friendly environment made me feel welcome. The lady who did my pedicure was excellent and my French manicure looks great! Would definitely recommend them!
2	The salon was clean, and blessedly, at 10 in the morning, empty. But, there were 4 people available to assist me and 2 of them were having a slight argument about who'd help me. I double checked to make sure I wore deodorant, and my face didn't look funny. (Maybe it was because I didn't have on makeup?)Anyhow, I got a spa pedicure and full set. It was just okay. They didnt ask if I wanted any extras added, like a paraffin wax or getting my cuticles removed. Either I take good care of myself or the woman helping me was really bored. And, I had to correct her several times in shaping my nails, as I prefer oval and she kept trying to make them "square with rounded edges". For a short, full set and spa pedi, cost was $55. I tipped $5.All in all, I could take it or leave it. But I'll probably be leaving it, alone.
4	Nail spas in Las Vegas are even more ubiquitous that Starbucks: every corner, everywhere.Some, however, are better than others.  This is one of the better ones.  They know their customers by name.  They're fast, friendly and talented. Oh, and clean.  They also have a million colors to chose from.If you can stand a little wait, and want something more than a nail factory, try this neighborhood gem.
3	my first visit for Gel Mani and regular Pedi was with Victoria. i read on Yelp she was really amazing. she was , for my first visit. she is very kind, funny, and excellent English. she is very hip to the newest trends and can discuss many topics including my favorite : relationship therapy. when i came back to see her on 2nd and 3rd visit, she kind of took my loyalty for granted: she barely scrubbed the bottom of feet, kind of half - a** did my foot massage, and the color was all over the cuticles. my Gel Polish came off in less than 3 days! i switched to the much acclaimed : Diamond Nails on S. Rainbow. sorry, VIP Nails...
1	Need to improve on customer service and appreciating employees and clients.
5	Best nail shop EVER! They truly treat you like a VIP! They remember your name and always greet you with a smile! It's like going to your girlfriend's house! They have a bunch of different colors and can do a bunch of different designs!!!
2	I used to go here regularly, but stopped... the kid who works at the front desk is a pain. He says there are appointments available, then says there aren't. I went in for my appointment, waited 30 minutes and then when I asked him what was going on he had an attitude, I don't mind waiting when I'm a walk in, but not when I've made an appt days before. The girls do a good job... if you can get in and they're not busy because they're great, they're busy because they only have two girls working the whole place.
5	Fantastic service, clean, quality work, good pricing... what more could you want from a nail salon?!?I loved my first experience here. One of my girlfriends and I stopped in, by appointment, to get a mani/pedi for our first time here. We don't get to see each other often so it was a very relaxing environment to catch up in. The technicians here are super professional!!!! They were funny and so kind very comfortable to hangout and get to know. We absolutely had a blast and our nails look AMAZING!  I highly recommend making an appointment here as soon as possible, they are simply amazing... but make an appointment they get busy!
1	whenever i was in town, i would go see Sandra. she does a splendid job! now, i have to go elsewhere because she is no longer working there.
