4	I went to Star Bar on Tuesday, during their "soft" opening, and then again Thursday, during their grand opening. As a bar, the potential is definitely there. It's got a great list of beers on tap (various stouts, IPAs, etc...), a decent selection of cocktails (they mostly tend towards the sugary and sweet side), friendly, gregarious bartenders and a very modern atmosphere.It also helps that it's in my building, so I can literally roll out of bed (after a late-afternoon nap obviously), step out in my PJs and get some brewskis. My only issue with this place is that it needs to find its identity. Who is your clientele? Obviously folks at the Constellation, but which crowd? I dig the high end, fancy drinks. But if you were going for a more loungey theme, include more wrap around couches and seating in general.It was absolutely crowded the two days I went, and most people had to cram into the middle. More chairs would have been awesome.Also, I dig the dim lighting, but the two TVs really distract from the overall atmosphere. The atmosphere doesn't really lend itself as a sports bar, so having sports game on (while good in most scenarios) will only detract from the conversation people are looking to have.Other than those small issues, I can safely say that a new star has been born on the east side of Madison!
4	I came here on Wednesday for the opening. A few of my friends live in the Constellation, and we've been excited to see what this bar would be like. It's a little small, but it makes it cozy. The place smelled new and sort of like wood (one wall is all wood) and had a sort of modern vibe. My only complaint was that it was sort of humid.. But I think that's just because there were a lot of people and it was pretty warm. I'm sure that won't be a problem in the future.I agree with everyone elses reviews, they have a good selection of beers. I didn't try a cocktail so I'm not sure how those are. The prices were pretty average for Madison.I think this will be a good spot on days when you don't feel like walking far. I don't think I'd walk from near the Capitol to come here, though. It's a great place for people living on the near east side (especially those in the Constellation).
4	I'm a little biased because I live so close to Star Bar, but I love the location. In downtown Madison, North of Washington and east of the capitol, it's difficult to find many good bars, and Star Bar is bringing something that I think the area needs.I came here on the first day it was open (the soft opening), and I was excited to see what all the fuss was about. The beer selection is pretty good. I like that they offer a lot of the local brews on tap. The prices for local beers are very reasonable, but PBR for 4.50, really? I really liked the One Barrel selection (I think they own the bar?) as well as the nice micro-brews. I really liked the atmosphere of Star Bar, but it's a little small. This (grand opening) weekend it was packed, but I don't know if it will always be like that. I would recommend coming on an off-weekend night to fully appreciate what the bar has to offer. The seating is pretty sparse, but I like how the arrangement. A few couches towards the front allow for intimate gatherings. Seating on the side also lets you sit away from the hustle and bustle of the bar.The happy hour isn't that great of a deal, but if you can make it with your friends, it's a great place to destress.I will probably come here because it's so close to where I live, and the prices aren't ridiculous.
4	First visit: 1/22/14 - 6:15pm+ Covered parking in the "short-term" portion of building+ Big glass windows, exposed structure, organic feel to the stone/wood/flooring/mechanicals- Very "hard" space makes for a lot of background noise+ Comfy bar stools (a bit tall for my preference, but A-OK)+ Promising tap list; nothing super unusual, but many good choices+ Well-rounded bottled/canned list - featured many favorites (Sixpoint, Tallgrass, 3 Sheeps, O'So)+ Happy hour - take $1 off taps+ Typical bar snacks - chips, landjaeger; rumor of pizzas coming soonWe recognized one of the co-owners, Peter, and chatted with him a bit. Sounds like they've been burning the midnight oil to get the place open; I'd say the work paid off - it's definitely a solid place. As others have mentioned, it's cash only at this point, but they are working with their point-of-sale vendor to fix the bug/issue. Bring a little cash (or use their ATM), order-up a tasty beverage, and enjoy yourself. Star Bar is definitely another win for the near east side!
4	I like it! It's a 4-Star Bar for me.As others have mentioned, it's needed in the E. Wash area. What would the Constellation dwellers do if they had to leave the building for a drink? ;)The interior is basic, which makes it feel simultaneously casual and hip. The space belongs mainly to the bar, which is long and has about a dozen taps. They have all of their bottle beers lined up, which is both decorative and helpful for people like me who prefer the "point method" of choosing drinks.They have a HUGE TV right next to the bar. A good place to watch a game, I should think!
5	Bumping my rating to a solid 5-stars. I'm in LOVE with this place. Why? + Tap list - getting better and better+ Bottle list - HOLY CATS - they have some *awesome* brews available+ Pricing is totally fair+ Grab a seat on one of the red couches near the window and enjoy yourself+ Snyders pretzel bites - complimentary at the barBut the biggest reason?The staff.Matt the bartender is a total rock star. Let me restate that: ROCK STAR. He took care of our Yelp group like a total pro - never missed a beat, made solid recommendations, knew how to answer all of our questions about various brew types, and was extremely cool and friendly. I'm so glad this place is only a few blocks from my house. I'm hooked.
3	Downgrading based on last two visits... most recent of which was on 3/11/14.Met friends so that we could catch-up; hadn't seen them in quite some time, and one of them is getting ready to head to South Africa for a music tour (he's in a band) for a month or so. Was hoping to chat over a few drinks at what has become one of my favorite venues. Unfortunately....- It was quite swampy feeling inside - very humid and hot; air felt stale- It was SO UNBELIEVABLY LOUD, we couldn't talk without shouting at each other- The volume was unnecessary; there were two groups of tables that were literally screaming at each other... if I were the bartender, I would've asked them to calm it down a bit. Granted, it's not a library, but wow - when 9-10 people are destroying the ambiance of your place, it may be appropriate to chime in.- The bartender on 3/11 was quite terrible - service was super slow. He wasn't much of a multi-tasker; I stood and waited for a very, very long time to get a single beer, and never did - I gave up on waiting for him to help me. People next to me were waiting longer than I was... I saw two of them walk away from the bar, sit down, wait, and then leave. That's unacceptable.- The bartender goofed-up my tab... I ordered a total of 3 drinks (2 taps, 1 mixer), and when I went to tab out, he ran my card for $20. I said, "Was that mixer really $11?" He shrugged, went back to the register, tinkered with something, and then said that he had rung-in four drinks, and wondered if I just wanted to pay for them. He did void the transaction and re-ring me correctly, but come on... We had every intention of staying for a few hours, getting a bunch of drinks, and enjoying ourselves... but, we left after one round and then spent $150+ at another place. Sorry, guys.I hope it gets better with the next visit.
5	3/20/14 was a night of redemption on many fronts.We had one of our #PizzaBracket gatherings at the Star Bar, and I'm happy to report that things were back to stellar. Great bartender, prompt service, totally reasonable noise level, and totally comfortable atmosphere. Yay!!!!
4	The Constellation is evolving into a terrific near East Side gathering spot.  Cargo Coffee East supplies the caffeine and the wi-fi, Tory Miller's Sujeo will offer an exciting new dining option when it opens in June and Star Bar is great place to grab some craft beers and cocktails with your crew.Things I like:* After the unwanted, extended stay of the Polar Vortex this winter, I've come to greatly appreciate the free, covered parking for Star Bar patrons on the Constellation Building's first floor parking garage.* A great nice selection of tap beers and almost 100 bottled beer options.* Due to the lingering effects of the aforementioned Polar Vortex, I have not been able to enjoy the outdoor seating area yet, but I do greatly look forward to enjoying adult beverages on their patio this summer.  I also will soon appreciate the bike racks in front of the bar now that winter is receding.* While they have limited food options, the flip side is they are totally cool about food carry-ins.  I've hosted a chili potluck and a pizza tasting at Star Bar and the staff was super accommodating to our group.* The bartenders are super-friendly, knowledgeable about the beer options and attentive.* Freakishly clean restrooms for those of you out there that wonder about this sort of thing.Other thoughts and observations:* The vibe is a bit sterile early in the establishment's existence.  As Peter Y mentioned in his review, the bar is still attempting to find its identity.  It's an intimate setting and the relatively low noise level allows for casual conversation, so the dual flat screens are a bit of a distraction.  * Happy hour runs from open to 6PM, but the deals are pedestrian
1	Went in on Sunday evening for a drink.  Very poor service, despite there being less than 10 people in the entire bar.  Bartender knew nothing about the beers and was unable to even tell us the names of the beers on tap- which made it very difficult to even order.  Outdoor seating was nice, but inside was nothing special, very cold and uninviting, especially alongside the aloof bartender.  As an avid wine and beer drinker, I will choose other establishments with friendlier service and more comfortable atmosphere.
4	Star Bar is an acceptable place to end up if you:A. Live in the ConstellationB. Aren't too high on your horse to be happy with a simple watering holeWhen you can get to a bar without leaving your building, it makes it a no-brainer to hit this place up. I'll admit, they are earning one of their stars on convenience alone.Otherwise, their prices are reasonable, they have ample seating, and overall the place is decorated with modern flare. Pro tip: if you REALLY don't care where you're going to post op for a cold one, Cargo Coffee has cheaper prices on beer (and also has outdoor seating). But you didn't hear it from me.
1	Ive been here twice. My rating is more or less the average of both experiences. The first was in early spring. I remember we both ordered cocktails (and not beer) and had to place an ID down for the Moscow mule. I guess I get it, but are 2 late 20's somethings who are 2 of like 6 people in the entire bar on a slow night going to make a break for it with the copper mugs? Likely not. Both bartenders working that first night were seemingly more interested in each other than the bar patrons, and this theme rang true again last night. The man friend and I walked in, were never greeted, took two seats at the short edge of the bar. Now, mind you, this is at 8 pm on a Saturday night. There were 6 other guys around the bar, a group at one table inside, and a few tables snagged outside. At this point, there was only one bartender. Ive seen paint dry faster than Ive seen her move and Ive also encountered cactus plans who were more friendly than her. There was glasswear all over the bar and all over the tables outside. A guy walked into the bar waiting to order for his party outside. He gave up, went back out, and their entire party of 6 went with. We were finally waited on, I ordered a beer, and sig other a cocktail. I can understand that this bartender was likely filling in, but if you don't know the cocktail menu somewhat, why are you running the entire bar on your own? The drink the man friend got tasted nothing like it should have. The bartender never checked back in with us, and never came back around to our end of the bar. She was too interested in showing her sleeve tattoo off to some fellows at the far end of the bar. An additional bartender showed up at 830. Things finally got moving. This bartender came in and started cleaning glasswear and -gasp- moved like she was working. The first bartender left when a third bartender showed up but the third bartender was as useless as the first; she was twirling around her hair, looking at some sort of binder, playing with the jukebox, and playing on her iPhone. Again. Glasswear everywhere and a huge party in a limo had showed up.I guess I just don't get it. Learn how to run a bar. What I don't understand is that how can something this dismal work, especially when I had the exact opposite experience next door. Its a shame that ive witnessed this service twice. The cocktail list is solid without being boring, and both time the tap lists were creative and varied in the offerings. I wont be back.
3	A decent place for an early evening cocktail. Much less vibe than it's sister bar the Jade Monkey. This said Ricky will hook you up with a properly made cocktail.
1	Our group of 4 went to Star Bar for cocktails while waiting for a table next door as Sujeo. We had one of the most inexplicable experiences at a bar in our adult lives. The bartender was a total space cadet. We ordered a drink off the menu that she said wasn't on the menu, but then looked it up in a recipe book and was able to produce it. Another member of our party ordered two different beverages off the menu - both which the bar didn't have - then finally settled on a glass of wine which took more than 10 minutes to produce given that the bartender was having what looked to be a personal conversation with a man at the bar. When it came time to settle our tab, that was a whole other fiasco. The bartender couldn't remember what we had ordered so I had to walk her through each drink - each of which she proceeded to have to look up the price of on the menu. Then the credit card machine ran out of paper, so that was another delay in being able to pay and leave for dinner.We were there for about 30 minutes and the bar averaged about 3 other customers during our time there. It was not busy and it should not have been this difficult to serve and charge 4 customers. I don't know if this bartender was new or what, but her demeanor was a mix of cluelessness and carelessness. We would walk across to Old Sugar Distillery before we'd ever come back to the Star Bar.
1	Oh, the bar that tries way too hard.  On the first floor of the Constellation Apartments, I am sure the owners thought they would be pulling in the residents that live above but during the times I have been there, this wasn't the case.  The decor is a mismatch of reclaimed lumber, industrial lights, ikea shelves and random pez dispensers.  Trying to be hip?  Trying to be ironic?  Trying to be urban?  No clue.  The last visit, there were several wines that were not available yet were printed on the menu.  The same goes with one beer tap.  When asked, the bartender simply replied, "They don't tell me these things". I guess if you lived above and there was a monsoon, tornado, or other severe weather event, it would be ok to come here.  Otherwise, go to any number of places in Madison that are truly authentic and deliver a great experience.
3	It's aaaight.Stopped in for a beer during happy hour on a Wednesday night around 5:30. All drinks $1 off. I looked around and saw about 20 men in the place, and me. I smiled and said to the female bartender, "Wow, I think I'm the only female in here."No smile in return, but a factual dry reply, "No. There's one other female in here". I stood corrected. Edward Scissorhands was playing on the TV, which switched to Pretty Woman as I sipped my beer. Average noise level. My beer was good. After other attempts to converse with the bartender also fell flat, I became bored, paid my tab, and left.It's a bar. It has drinks. That's about it. So there you go.
1	Most generic and uninviting bar in town even before you encounter the apathetic rude bartender. Must have been counting on a captive resident population ?  Do not go here. The High Noon, Caribou, Old Sugar all worth a short walk. This place deserves to die.
5	I like the Star Bar! I've been here a lot and I meet cool people here and had nice drinks for a good price here.I like the rotation of craft beers and I have played Cards Against Humanity with folks on a number of occasions. I've always had professional service there and I have a friend who works there, for what it's worth, but of all the bars they work at, this one is my favorite by far.The atmosphere is neutral and I like that. No gimmicks are necessary if you can serve good drinks, be polite and warm, and do so affordably. Star Bar does that, and it's one of my favorite places to go to if I want to go to a bar.
