4	This was actually one of the first Banks of America I ever visited.  Back then, I think it was NationsBank.  Yes, it was that long ago.  I think I needed to have something notarized, but not just by a notary, by for a security transfer or something.  It was a long time ago, and they were one of the few who would do it for free.  And me, not even a customer.Now, I would have to be a customer, pay a fee, sign in blood and probably sign over my first born - then again, they probably are not familiar with my first born, so that might be a bit much, even for them.All-in-all, though, this particular location has always been fairly friendly, as far as banks go in general, and B of A specifically, so I really have no complaints other than they are way away from where I now live and work.
4	2 drive thru's (ATM)I've only been inside ONCE but the service was prompt. (I was the only customer, so I guess thats good). I use this location more so for the ATM. They have one on the inside as well that's open on the weekends.Clean, never broken "Out of Order". So, That's always a plus.
1	Customer beware; I have just learned one of the most rip off and stupid rule that Bank of America is using for crediting refund. On 3/16 I used my debit card to pay for my prescriptions. I knew before hand that it was going to cost quite a bit of money. The clerk charged my account for 1,200 dollars which was the mistake. She immediately electronically refunded the money to my account. I did not pay any attention to my balance thinking that the refund would went back in to my account immediately. This morning 3/19 I received an alert telling me that my fund is below my set limit. I immediately logged into my account ; I found the charge and did not see the credit. I called Boca customer service she told me it is their rule that the refund would not be credit back for 5 days. I complained that they took my fund immediately but yet 15 minutes after noticed the mistake the credit was made; I have to wait for 5 days it does not make sense. "Well this is the rule. "; she replied. You be the judge is this a rip off practice and a stupid rule or what?
4	This branch has two drive-up ATMs! Yes, efficiency for the masses.I have yet to go inside, but the car experience is a good one. Plenty of entrance and exits off South Blvd.
