5	A must for all Buffalonians in the valley!I haven't been here in a few years, so I'll have to update this the next time I go.  But the pizza tastes as if you just had it delivered from the local pizza joint.  Thicker dough than NY-style, sauce that tastes a bit heavier on the tomato paste, and Sorrento's cheese.  Wings are authentic and made with the perfect combination of Frank's and butter.  They also make Beef on Kimmelweck rolls and have Buffalo's favorite beer: Labatt's Blue.  And, the restaurant is completely decorated in Buffalo paraphernalia such as a "We're talking proud" pennant and a snow shovel hanging on the wall.
4	We were starving on a late Sunday afternoon, and looking for an alternative to Streets of NY. I came across an ad for Nino's in the weekly circular, saw that they deliver, and decided to give it a shot.But when I called to place my order, they said that the driver wasn't there yet. Bummer, but I understand. It was a weird time to ask for delivery.Nonetheless, the place is close enough and my curiosity was sufficiently piqued. I placed an order for a large pizza and some wings for pick up. Turnaround time was 20 minutes, which is way better than the time that Streets gives me.I rolled into their shop, and was pleased to see that 3 or 4 of their tables were occupied -- a good sign. Most folks were enjoying wings and beer and watching the TVs humming dully with baseball commentary. The place was dimly lit, with memorabilia on the walls. Nice and cozy.After a few minutes, I was presented with a piping hot sausage pizza and a dozen crispy delicious wings. I whisked the goods home, and the whole family tucked in like a pack of coyotes.The crust had the perfect chewy to crisp ratio. The sauce, perfectly spicy / sweet, and it was topped with gobs of stringy cheese, and ground sausage. The wings were done the traditional style with Frank's and butter, and wonderfully crispy. The "hot" variety was just right for us. But they have something like 10 different varieties and levels available.Price-wise, it was comparable to Streets. Taste-wise, I'd rate it a little higher. But given the choice, I would certainly rather support a smaller local operation, and will definitely be ordering from Nino's again.
5	Being a huge fan of pizza I have tried many different places. None of them got it quiet right for me. Yes, they were all edible, and most of them were good, but none of them really seemed to get the whole pizza right for my tastes. I was losing hope of ever finding 'my' pizzeria. Then I saw Nino's reviews on here and decided to try it. And now I believe I have found 'my' pizzeria. As soon as I walked in, I thought it knew it was going to be a little different. It seemed like a normal pizzeria but also had a small bar, which I am not used to seeing in pizzerias like this. Unlike most of the smaller pizzerias around, they actually had a waitress come over to take my order instead of going up to a counter to order. Not really a big deal but I thought it was a neat touch. I ordered a small personal pizza, sat and waited. The pizza was brought over to my table as soon as it was out of the oven. When I took my first bite, I knew I had found my new pizzeria. The cheese was perfectly gooey but held the toppings and itself onto the pizza nicely. I sauce was not skimped on, nor was it seeping everywhere. And the crust, which I normally pretty picky about, was perfectly thick. Not so thick for it to seem overly bready, nor so thin as to be over powered by the toppings. I then got the bill, which didn't seem like much after the amazing meal, paid and left.My only problem is that they are a bit farther then I would normally drive for a pizza. But I find it totally worth it and I will be bringing others there next time I go.
3	I tried Nino's today for the first time and it was a pleasant experience. It has the hole-in-the-wall local hangout vibe that I enjoy and the service was friendly and prompt.  The food was good, but not great.  I thought the chicken wings were dry and I wouldn't have minded a little more sauce on them.  As for the pizza, it was above average.  It tasted really good but was far from the best I have ever had.  I would go back, but maybe next time I'll try one of their pasta dishes or sandwiches.
3	Worn down strip mall location on NE corner of Peoria & 59th Ave.  Once inside though you'll find a warm, relaxed & clean retro-sports atmosphere with old pennants, pictures and such.  Plenty of tables and clean industrial style carpet.  Friendly service as well.  A very "blue-collar" place with a modest sized bar, and a few daytime folks drinking pitchers of beer.  They had Budweiser, Bud-Light, and Michelob Ultra (which has an upcharge, haha).  Happy hour prices are $1.75/ea. or $7/pitcher.I went with the lunch special for $6.01 that includes a mini pizza and soft drink.  Not a bad value, but the norm for this is closer to $5 for the West Valley.  I had bills but no pocket change for the $6.01 so she reached into the "take a penny, leave a penny" cup and was prompt to point out that I must leave a penny next time I'm there.  Yes, she was serious.Pizza did have a resemblance to the pre-made style from your local grocery store or Costco - the crust was somewhat dry and chewy, but with a very light taste... almost cardboardy.  Sauce resembled a canned tomato paste, so there you have it - cardboard crust & cheap tomato paste.  Cheese was fine though.  I did not sample the wings but many other patrons were ordering them.
4	Was best at the place fresh for sure, but I'd be hard pressed to find a pizza who doesn't fit that description. Had a meatier pizza with mushrooms. The mushrooms were cut thick and were juicy, and surprisingly held it's own against the meats! Loved that. They also have a very extensive menu and HIGHLY rated wings. Also some great fried choices. 2 cons: blue cheese/ranch/celery for wings are a separate order/ charge.And no website or menus to take with me so ordering at home (about 30 minutes away) is a bit difficult.
3	I was plesantly surprised with the quality of pizza here.  I am such a hard critic when it comes to pizza, especially here in AZ.  Without really knowing what traditional NY style pizza is like (other than that one time my friend brought me a piece on her flight home..) I would say it's right there.  YUMMI.   I can't wait to get some wings..  I'm kinda a wing maniac.  They have some great deals.  A large pizza and 36 wings for 28 bucks.  Not bad.The staff was very friendly, but I will say, the girl seemed a little out of it when I went in there.  They only deliver Thursday through Monday, so forget about it if you are looking for some at home service on Tuesday or Wednesday.  I'll be going back soon, and raising the rating if deserved.
4	Chicken wings, a chicken parm sandwich, and a beer. Burn lips on hot sandwich ow ow owCool down with beer. Burn lips with spicy wings.Cool down with beer.Admire 30 years of collectible stuff all over the walls at the bar. Finish beer.Under $15 with tip. Ok I think that about does it... (seriously, you can't get a hotter sandwich unless you make it yourself)
5	The Pizza here is amazing! And if you get wings make sure they are the ninja wings. They are the perfect amount of sweet and spicy! I love them. There is no where in AZ that I love to go to for Pizza more than this!!!!You will not be dissapointed! Although every time I go my husband and I always end up spending at least $50 bucks so be forwarned you add a couple of beers to a pizza and wings and wow!
5	Best pizza crust ever! I love their pizza! I eat here one to two times a week for lunch and always get star treatment from Ginger. I am a vegetarian, but once upon a time, I used to eat their hot yummy wings and pepperoni and sausage pizza. Love Nino's!
4	Can't go wrong with pizza, wings and beer. The staff were all very friendly .Good job Nino for keeping real down to earth with great food, and service.
4	I likey this place! Pizza dough made in house, crust was crisp, not tuff or over worked, Good sauce not too sweet, lots of cheese, plenty of toppings! Server was great! I'll Be Back!
5	This is hands down the best pizza in the West Valley. Great prices, great staff. I can't wait to come back. Pizza and wings are fantastic.
5	The Best Around!Best Wings, Best Pizza and most of all The only Beef on a Wick to order (next to my wife's)
4	Great pizza, good wings! (Dining area could use some updating)
4	As far as pizza and wings go.  Best pizza we have had since moving to Phoenix 14 years ago.
5	Such good food and very good service. We were the only ones there one afternoon- which usually means you get forgotten about because the staff is busy erring ready for a rush- but not here!  We were shown plenty of attention, the food was exactly as we asked for (awesome wings!) and the price was right. Only thing that stinks is they are closed on Sunday, but that is cool too- the staff gets a weekend day like regular people.
4	Ninos is a great spot. The owner is always hanging around. The staff is friendly and familial. You can tell there are people who've been coming here for years. The pizza and wings are good. Nice thin crust. The ranch and bleu cheese are probably from a bottle, but you don't need it like you do at some places. The price is ok. I am finding that a lot of pizza and wing placed are getting pricier. I'll still be back.
5	My favorite local pizza and wings joint. The Habernero Rage wings are awesome. The pizza is really good too. Very friendly service. Highly recommend.
4	This is one of the few western New York-ish restaurants in the valley. It is also the only restaurant I know of in Phoenix that has margarita pepperoni available for their pizza. The wings are good, but I wouldn't say great. You'll have to ask for extra sauce, or they'll come out too dry. They also have a good Beef on Weck sandwich, though I always have to ask for light gravy, otherwise it'll be dripping out the sides. The French Fry's are the thin type, but taste delicious. There are some shortcomings like the menus that appear to be printed off of someone's computer, but still I'd recommend it as a good place to eat.
5	There are many reasons Nino's has been sucessful for over 20 years in this same location - but top of my list is fantastic wings!  Add to that cold beer, friendly service, family ownership and pizza, spaghetti, fish, shrimp, subs -- well, you get the idea!  Great food + great people = great times!  Eat local!  Eat good!
1	Terrible. No Buffalo stuff anywhere. Also closed Sundays. Don't waste your time if you are looking for a WNY experience.
2	Needs a little TLC. Nino's has been here a while. Still good pizza & wings but A/C isn't great when you're trying to beat the Az heat. Closed on Sundays!!! Probably a big mistake on their part. Not normally my go to pizza place because I often forget about it.
4	Meaning to write this for a few months. I am praying they don't close before I get back there! Went here with six friends for beers and wings. We got orders of wings in every flavor, and there were lots. They were all good. I had a slice of cheese pizza as well and that was up there. The wings are naked, fried, crispy and nicely sauced. The place is divey. But so what? The owner was friendly and eager to please, explained the different heat levels. Relaxed, great afternoon with friends. And I got a super T Shirt to show for it...
1	MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT.  If you don't mind run down dive bars, this is a place you should run screaming from.  First of all, on a Saturday night, the place was dead.  That should tell you something.  The next clue would be the extremely worn out chairs.  Nearly every bit of paint has been worn off the chair frames.  Don't get me started on the floors and the walls overflowing with tacky pictures.  Service is not their strong suit. It took forever to get our order taken and even much longer to actually get some food. Nothing in this place is made fresh.  The dinner salads were even too small for a child and consisted of wilted iceberg lettuce with a couple chunks of tomato, drowned in bottle dressing.  My parents ordered the simplest meal normally you cannot screw up, spaghetti and meat balls.  First the sauce was not a red I recognize but almost black.  It appeared to have come straight out of a Hunts can, most likely from the dented can bin at the local grocery store.  The noodles where uninspired and had no flavor.  I ordered the fish and fries.  First of all, who puts fish on the menu but does not offer cole slaw?  How dare you!  My fish finally arrived at the table 20 minutes after the spaghetti giving the appearance that they had to run down the street to the local mega mart to buy some.  The flavor was not bad, just nothing to brag about.  Dry, overcooked and about half the size of a normal portion.  The tarter sauce was pre-proportioned from a jar and the color showed it had been around awhile. Topping it all off, the owner after nearly 20 years in business has yet to figure out how to program his cash register.  He has to ring up dinners under the sandwhich button and fish under the pizza button.  The worst part, this means the prices don't match what is printed on the menu!  In order to get close to the correct price for our meal they had to leave off one of our appetizers.This place has truly gone down hill, if it ever had a chance in the past of being anything more than a dive bar serving horrible bar food.
5	They have the best pizza, we drive 50 miles to get this pizza. There wings are also great and you can't beat there beef on kummelweck it is so good. We have also had there subs and pasta dishes and all is great. So don't hesitate about going to eat here it is so worth it.
5	This place has the best pizza & wings ever! Habenero rage is the best! The owners & bartenders are AWESOME & very friendly! As for Connie's review- Who goes to a pizza & wing place & orders fish & chips!?!? You have obviously ordered the wrong thing because Ninos is the best & I LOVE all their cool pictures on the wall!
5	Wonderful down home feel to the restraunt and the people are so nice and helpful!  The pizza speaks for itself homemade and super delicious! I havent had pizza this good since 1994! And im for sure coming back
