5	I was afraid that the food here would taste a little too healthy, but I was so wrong. It is decadence without the guilt! There is so much variety to the menu too. I recommend trying the oatmeal cold in yogurt or warm with Coconut oil.  The coconut oil will literally make you feel weak in the knees, it is that good.The decor is like a micro brewery/shabby chic country store. Which doesn't sound like it goes together, but it does and it looks great. It's a really relaxed atmosphere and is the perfect place to meet friends for brunch!If the food wasn't already good enough you should go to this place just to see the Robert Downy Jr. look alike that works behind the counter! Seriously though, Sam and Melissa were great hosts every time I've been there. Very friendly and knowledgeable.  Melissa seems like the kind of gal that would go out of her way to help a perfect stranger,  and it really shows in the way she runs this family business.You won't regret trying this really original take on how to eat oatmeal.
5	As if Iss' magic mixes wasn't good enough now we have a cafe too? So if for some reason you're too lazy to make your own oatmeal creations now you can have them made for you! Can't go wrong here. Something for everyone. Seriously!
5	This is a GREAT hidden gem! - And proof that healthy, clean food doesn't have to taste boring. A group of us popped in this morning to grab a late breakfast, all trying different combo's, and everything was to die for. The owner walked us through all the different ways to try the variety of oatmeal and pancakes offered.The prices are definitely on point, they don't over-charge for anything on their menu. We all will be back!
5	I own a coffee shop in the same Plaza as the Oatmeal Cafe and I can't start my day right without this awesome oatmeal!  I love the creativity.  You can never get bored with the options of cookies,  pancakes, burgers, smoothies, and even authentic hand picked teas! .... Super flavorful and very healthy!  Melissa and her family are so friendly and always make time to chat with you! This is a great place to grab breakfast /brunch and hang out with friends! Jennie
5	Oatmeal has a bad rap for being boring, but after a visit to the Oatmeal Cafe, it will never seem boring again!After noticing this place a few weeks ago and putting it on my need to try list, one of my friends and I popped in for breakfast. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted by the most amazingly delicious smells AND the nicest people. There are so many options--all of which sounded delicious--so it was difficult to make a decision, but I finally went with the blueberry vanilla almond mix (yum) and a black forest smoothie (double yum), while my friend went with the glogg aka Christmas in a cup and a red chai tea, both of which she raved about. I love that this place is healthy, yummy, locally owned/operated, and environmentally conscious. There aren't many restaurants I've been to that offer recycling options, let alone containers/cutlery made from compostable materials, but the Oatmeal Cafe does!I will definitely be back to try their other flavors and will be recommending this place to my other friends and family!
5	Wow! I have lived in this area for all my life and no restaurant has ever brought me in as many times as the Iss' Magic Mixes Oatmeal Cafe. The owners want to do more than just fill you up and flip your table like so many other establishments; they genuinely care about your health and well-being. The ingredients are absolutely the highest quality you can find and they have been crafted into incredibly healthy and DELICIOUS creations--from bowls of oatmeal (served 4 different ways!), pancakes (vegan!), and smoothies (there are no words for these...=D).
5	Great little place.  Very friendly owner and I love their intention to provide yummy vegan healthy fare to all! I've had the oatmeal and the vindaloo Burger so far and I am sold. The burger is so flavorful and filling this place will be in regular rotation for me. Just wish there were even more lunch options.  I understand they are keeping it simple to keep it great though.
4	Pros: good food, kind and caring staff, all vegan. Did I mention all vegan?! Good prices for the food. They recycle and compost, which is cool. Cons: all disposable plates, a feeling as if the space isn't quite finished. I guess I just wanted or expected real plates, silverware, and glasses. In the future, I would purchase the oatmeal mixes but would probably not dine in.
5	I had this place bookmarked for months, and unknowingly bought oatmeal mix from them just over a week ago at a farmer's market! I will certainly have to do an updated review after going to the actual shop and trying some stuff on the menu.I am completely obsessed with oatmeal, used to eat it every single day, so when I found out there was an oatmeal cafe I was pretty pumped. I was also very happy to hear they would be at the Gilbert Market.The mother and daughter (I think..) working at the farmer's market stand were extremely kind and informative. After trying a sample of the raw oat mix, which I thought would be super weird, I was sold. I got a small bag of the original mix. People were teasing me for spending so much on a tiny bag of oats, but it is SO worth it. The ingredients are excellent quality, and it can be used in so many ways. I got a little sheet with recipes on it, I want to try making black bean burgers with it, yum! I have been using the mix to sprinkle over banana protein pancakes with peanut butter, and it is delightful.I can't wait to go to the actual cafe and try out a smoothie or something, unique healthy places are the best!
5	Fabulous lunch...vegan burger, hummus, and raw veggies to dip.  Gorgeous & delicious.  Very reasonably priced. Owners & servers were terrific.  I'll be back!   Thanks so much for the energetic lunch ... served outside on this sunny day.
5	I was really impressed with this place! Initially, I thought the idea of an oatmeal cafe seemed a little silly because, really, is it that hard to mix hot water and oats? But it's so much more than that!The owner gave me an overview of their offerings, and I went for muesli option since I'm a euro wannabe. She suggested the campfire s'mores mix, and I was so delighted to hear that they use gelatin free marshmallows. It's one of the hardest things to turn down as a vegetarian. I loved the oatmeal so much that I went out to the farmer's market a few days later to buy more mixes for home. The cafe also has lots of great tea selections. I got the vanilla mate and brewed a second mug at work per the owner's suggestion. There's also muffins, smoothies and pancakes, but what I'm looking forward to the most on my next visit is the veggie burgers.
5	I took my nephew to this place because he has decided to make have a diet change in his life (at 15). After he did some research on the place, he agreed to go. He had the chunky monkey and the smoothy with strawberries. He followed this with a blueberry oatmeal cup, we bought cookies and one of the big oatmeal packages for his school week. I tried the pancake and the organic hot chocolate...yes! we were really excited about this place. The girls are friendly and very helpful. We will be back to the oatmeal cafe! PS: my nephew use the oatmeal preparation to make peanut butter bars - he used almond instead....they were delicious! This place is a keeper! :)
4	We just went here for breakfast for the first time and everything was delicious and so satisfying. My 8 yr old has a lot of food sensitivities (wheat, dairy, egg and citrus) and the owner was so helpful and accommodating. He had gluten free pancakes w/the smores mix added in and he was so happy with it! He ate two entire very hearty pancakes which is quite a lot for him. Overall my whole family was very pleased. My three year old had the chocolate peanut butter oatmeal, I had the banana bread oatmeal w/PB and yogurt, my husband had the banana bread oatmeal w/almond butter and yogurt. We cant wait to go back and try all the other flavors. This is not your average bowl of oats! They also have smoothies, fruity chia drinks, baked goods, and lunch items.
5	I've been buying their oatmeal for years now at the farmers market. The owner, Melissa and her husband are super friendly and shared with me their amazing, gluten free, vegan, AND organic oatmeal mix. I've been hooked ever since. They have a billion flavors and now they have a cute little Cafe now where they serve breakfast  food like tea, pancakes, smoothies, and oatmeal. I'm spreading the word to the gluten free seekers about your Amazing pancakes!!! :)
