1	Same day? No way.Next day? Keep dreaming.No matter when you go, they always have some excuse why they can't get the garments turned around in the times they advertise. And worse, they don't bother telling you this until they've already taken your garments and handed you a ticket, apparently hoping you won't notice your expectation of Monday turned into Wednesday or Thursday.Look elsewhere unless you've got time to kill for only minor savings.
5	Diamondback Cleaners has satisfied me completely thus far. This week I left six of my best shirts with them and each and every one came back just as I had ordered. One of them I had gotten considerably dirty (white of course...) and some how they managed to send it back spotless. Granted I pretreated the shirt with goat's milk and pig urine fresh from Myanmar. At any rate, they took care of me.Their prices are good, they offer same-day service, and they have several locations throughout the valley as well. As long as they do not screw up any of my threads in the future I will most certainly use them exclusively.
5	I'm very small and short so I have a hard time finding pants off the rack that fit me.  Diamondback is the 4th alteration shop I've tried in the past year, and by far the best!  Not only were they much cheaper than other tailors ($12 to take the pants in at the waist versus $16-$18 at other places) they completed the job very quickly.  Other places took over a week to complete the same number of alterations.  I dropped my pants off at Diamondback on Friday and they were ready Tuesday!  The quality of their work is amazing....and the icing on the cake...it looks like they dry cleaned and pressed the pants as well!  I will never go anywhere else for my alteration needs!
1	Rude, rude, rude.  The clerk today was put out by my business.  My fiance warned me but I was willing to give her the benefit of the doubt.  She failed to greet me; didn't want to count the items; delivered 2 pieces of disappointing news with a look and a tone that spoke volumes (TOUGH),No, little girl, tough for you!  We will be going elsewhere in the future.
1	Diamondback open new location on Val Vista and Eliot. I payed extra $$ for dry cleaning my wool sweater with beats, which they ruin completely. Manager and owner of this 5 location don't' want to take responsibility for damage to my garment, ignoring and not returning calls. Worst experience in my life with dry cleaner I ever had.Very poor service and even worst customer service  DO NOT GO THERE !!!
1	In thirty years of taking shirts to the laundry I have NEVER been charged for the shits being extra large.  Just moved to the area and was the first time I tryed this cleaner, had a coupon stating $1.89 per shirt.  When I came to pick up the shirts (33) shirts I was charged NOT the coupon price of 1.89 but $2.30 a shirt when I asked about the price I was told that the extra charge was for extra large shirts.  When I said I have never been charge for the size of the shits, he was rude and very short with me.  After taking the shirts out to my car I came back in and asked for the name of the owner since I was going to file a complaint.  He said he was the owner and handed me his business card and walked away.  What a way to treat a new customer, very rude, very rude.  As others have said in the reviews for this cleaner, go somewhere else this is a very rude uncoporative and untruthful company that has no sign anywhere in the store that states additional cost for larger sizes.  Nor was I told the coupon price was not good on my shirts when I brought them in to be cleaned.  The attorney general should check into this business and their business practices.
3	When this store first opened (quite a number of years ago now) it was wonderful.  Clothes were done to perfection, the service was excellent, and prices were good.  Yes, they did have next day service.  Those were the good old days...  Now they have a turn the other cheek - kiss my behind attitude, and have had it for quite some time.  They do a fine job on my husband's dress shirts and pants, but they are not a couture cleaners.  Find another place for your ornate, irreplaceable, or high dollar items.  Let me know where you end up!
1	I had a recent incident where 2 dress shirts I had brought in for cleaning were misplaced. Things happen yes, but it has been a bit of a nightmare dealing with the owner, Amish Amin, regarding compensation. Not only has this dragged on but his low-ball idea of a resolution is a $50 store credit for shirts that retailed at $85 each. I have been a patron for going on 8 yrs as I live around the corner, and easily spent ~$3000 in that time span. Despite this, Mr Amin's rude, unprofessional and outright unscrupulous way of conducting business has guaranteed that I will not be patronizing this business anymore and want to notify anyone of how 'fair-minded' this shyster is. As an entrepreneur myself, you make it right with the customer for lost/damaged property. THAT is good business.. I recently was there and witnessed him yelling disparagingly at a female patron regarding a purse damaged during a cleaning. Your money is good there until they have to take responsibility for damaging or misplacing your merchandise...and then the customer service turns nasty. Talk about bad business. To be fair, the staff at the Baseline store are good people; courteous, friendly and professional. Too bad that did not rub off on the owner who, in my opinion, lacks integrity and no longer deserves my business.
