5	Grand Opening today and it was worth the wait!  The pies were awesome!  I ordered the family size original crust and the family size habanera crust pies and it served a lunch group of about 10 people along with salad.  It went over really well and I was surprised we were fighting over the habanera crust pie.  Every drop was gone of both pies!  Will be back for more!
5	I was visiting Las Vegas & stumbled upon the most wonderful gourmet chicken pot pie shop.  It was their grand opening day and is strictly take out.  I tried the habanero cheddar pie; A slight kick to it and the most delicious rotisserie chicken & homestyle vegetables! You can take home a pie and cook it or  call one hour ahead and it will be baked and ready for you.  If you are anywhere nearby, stop over at this wonderful shop right now! PieMeOver won me over.
5	this is by far the very best chicken pot pie i had ever had,hands down & i had alout in my day...
3	I stopped here over a week ago but it was before the business was open for the day so I knew where to go and what time.I stopped in yesterday and bought two chicken pot pies--one with cheddar crust and one with habanero cheddar crust.  They were in individual boxes and the boxes were not marked so we had to guess which was which.  I din't learn this until I got home.  They gave me a sheet with baking instructions that were very accurate.  I baked mine a little longer than they suggested but I wanted a nicely browned crust. After baking, I turned the pot pies over onto plates and a bit stuck to the bottom which is what I expected.  I have made my own and I know this happens.The filling of the pot pies was good.  You can tell the freshness by the carrots alone.  When I bit into the carrot slices, I could taste the fresh taste of carrot that hasn't been frozen but is a fresh produce item.A couple of things about my experience.  I wish I had noticed the lack of marking crust flavors on the box before I got home.  That being said, my wife and I found almost no difference in taste between the two.  The habanero just was not evident.  I also find that chicken is the only option and your flavors are determined by the crust, the chance for different tastes is very limited.  What I'd really like is a curry chicken pot pie.  That you could taste and it wouldn't be that much extra to do.The pot pies were OK.  I know I'm paying for fresh ingredients and they roast their own chickens, but the cost for the size of the pie is high and maybe it has to be.  I won't need their buyers' card for getting a free one after the correct number of purchases.Tip:  If you're going to Pie Me Over, look on the east side of Rainbow for the Firehouse Subs.  Pie Me Over is in back behind the buildings in the front of 6070 South Rainbow.
3	Similar to Papa Murphy's, Pie Me Over is a take-and-bake business model, except with a different product. If you like pies but hate the hassle of baking, or the flavor of frozen, this place is a good option to have.The pies here are tasty, but as Norm said, I'd enjoy more customization options. The freshness is evident, and the rotisserie chicken especially was tasty in the pies, but so far the only thing you can specialize is the crust. Owner stated her favorite was the cheddar, other reviews tend to favor the habanero. Taste is only slight, but the habanero was my favorite as well- buttery crust has almost a Ritz cracker flavor to it, but flaky and soft with a tiny hint of spice to it.Price is competitive: crust selection changes the price a bit for each size, but the individual is just under $7 and an ample portion. Apartment size is meant to feed 2 (roughly $15), with a larger family size available too. If you're just a couple, I'd get two individual size pies with different crusts until you find your favorite.Service was friendly from owner and cashier. When owner found out I'd found the business through Yelp, she made a few comments about how they have one "weird review up," and discussed the customer's visit.  I found the comments unprofessional, particularly given that Yelp is essentially free marketing and the review she was referring to was the only reason I'd even heard about the business to begin with, let alone stopped by. If you like the product, hold on to their punch card: nine pies of any size will get you a free individual! Hoping they eventually expand to other flavors of savory pies, or even maybe offer take-and-bake dessert pies- maybe try this as a holiday special? They also had sliced date bread available at the register.
5	This place has the best chicken pot pie in town.  My fave is the habanero crust pie.  Ate it in less than 5 minutes because it was absolutely delicious.  Love love love this place!
