4	Mountainside is in the middle of a hugh renovation so a month from now it will be totally updated. Love the group classes here, love the instructors, love the trainers. Reasonable monthly rates. Only issue right now is Monday's seem to be hard to get a machine (tread, elliptical, etc). Would be nice to have more than 6 of the cool ellipticals too. Yoga and spin rooms are small, but they are adding a boxing ring and hanging workout area. Stay tuned in a month for my final review!
1	Wow, all I can say is this place SUCKS big balls.Take your money to 24 Hour Fitness (which is literally 3 minutes from here), where your business will be appreciated. My boyfriend and I joined back in early summer. We paid for 2 full-year memberships. We paid nearly $500 each, which I feel is high for a gym. Don't go here if you are interested in a serious workout... All the women come all dolled up. And all the guys are meatheads (especially the trainers, who need to really lay off the roids).   The gym is very nice... clean, good/new equipment. The reason for the 1 star, however, is due to their policies and lack of customer service. When joining, they rush you through the contract to get you to sign, skipping over the fact that you are responsible for inquiring any additional fees that they deem as necessary. So, after my boyfriend and I had been working out at this location for a month, we got a bill in the mail saying we owed an additional $52 for their renovations. EXCUSE ME!?! This gym is like 5 years old... When I called to ask what specifically the charges were for, the manager told me it was for the new IMAX Theater, valet parking.... the list goes on. Are you serious!? Valet parking at a gym? I've never heard of something so absurd. Get exercise and walk to your own car... This is a gym for goodness sakes!They refused to take the charges off my bill even though I would never use their useless new amenities. They said if the charges weren't paid by the due date, I wouldn't be able to work out until they were paid off (with late fees). HAHAHA. So I went to Craigslist, sold both my memberships and my 20 personal training sessions. And I didn't have to pay their outrageous fees. There were other shortcomings, but honestly, my BP is already going through the roof from writing this review. I'm done. You can go fuck yourself Mountainside Fitness!!
3	I just signed up a week ago- post-renovations and I must say it is a very nice, clean, gym with great group classes.  So far I've taken spinning, pilates, and zumba and all the instructors have been energetic and great!  The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because the personal training manager Dylan is an irresponsible, douche bag, who can't be bothered to confirm appointments or return phone calls.    So if you're not interested in personal training and like taking fun classes I would recommend this gym.
4	They just did a lot of work at this location, but personally I think I liked the old set a little bit more. I do like the new locker rooms and I think it is always clean here, which is very important. Every cardio machine has its own television which has spoiled me big time. I have had to wait a few times during peak hours for a weight lifting machine, but I have never had to wait for a cardio machine. I do not ever feel intimidated by the other people who work out here, which I know is a concern for many people when going to/choosing a gym.  The front desk people are always helpful and always friendly.
4	This is a very nice, new looking gym. The layout of the gym is great since the cardio location overlooks the whole place. I like the tvs on each of the cardio equipment as well. The machines and benches are all better quality than other gyms have--feel more comfy with more padding. There's a bball court as well. I've never done any group classes but they have 1 or 2 rooms for those as well. I think membership is somewhere around $40/month which is on par for this level of gym.
2	I used a 3-month trial membership purchased from Costco.  Great way to try it out without the contracts & usual commitments.  I was pretty excited about this gym because of the class schedule.  Well the week after I joined, they started their "summer schedule" which removed a number of the classes I had specifically joined for.  The evening schedule didn't offer much past 5:30PM which didn't work for me.   The place is very nice, including the locker area.  Morning desk staff were always very pleasant and welcoming.  Fresh towels always available.  Class instructors vary, a few were very good and some were not very inspiring.One thing I noticed is that they really hype the additional fee classes.  They offered a host of these thru the summer while they cut back "the included in the regular membership" classes.  So they can tell you they offer lots of classes, but you need to know you also get to pay EXTRA for them.  Good deal - for them. When my 3 months was up, I decided to go back to 24Hr Fitness (also thru Costco).   The extra cost at Mountainside just didn't add up for what they offered.
3	Now that I've seen what a club SHOULD look like (the new Mountainside Pavillions Club), I'm going to give this club only 3/5. We've been coming here for years, the renovation a year ago was needed, but they charged everyone $25 to pay for it. Pluses-front desk staff great, personal trainers are wonderful and always working us hard, lots of group classes. Negatives-cardio equipment at times is packed and seems to break down frequently (TVs, iPod jacks, rock, look dingy), the bathrooms were not renovated (men's showers/tile work need replacing, would be nice to be brought up to standards of Pavillions!)), the exercise equipment in big group room is not cleaned/repaired and they run out of regularly (big balls, rubber tubbing, rubberized hand weights are coming apart). Yoga room needs more floor space (still!) so is there some way to put in shoulder high shelves for the mats/blankets/bricks and also other shelves for people's shoes/purses to give us more floor sq ft? This was done in big fitness room for big balls/etc. Not safe when we are packed on like sardines. New Pavillions spin bikes are wonderful, we were suppose to get new bikes, but they delivered the refurbs. Old ones suck. Please someone from Corporate tell me that not every new $ went to open the two new clubs?! I'll be calling to find out what gives. We feel like a second class gym ;(
1	Avoid like the plague!Terrible people rip-off scam, they sign you up after a Groupon offering great value, carry on charging you when your not even in the country, I have since left the US and explained my situation to the Manager -- who then decides to send a conned contract to a debt collection agency. AVOID - DO NOT deal with this company!!
4	We've had a family membership here for a couple years now and we love it.  Would do 5 Stars if they had a pool or other water related items but still gets a strong 4 Stars.  Not long ago they remodeled this location an added a boxing ring, new machines etc.  I have a VIP locker that I love they do my laundry daily and put clean towels, a bottle of water and a fresh mint in my locker each day all for about $1.25 per day.  They have 15 of these lockers located in their own special area with TV's nice leather benches etc.  The lockers are huge with push botton codes no locks.  The gym is always clean.  The child care is fantastic open 7 days a week my children love it.  They even have parents night out where you can bring your children for a couple hours on Friday night and go out while they do arts and crafts.  The juice bar has shakes with all natural ingredients and its almost always open.  The location is very convenient on Shea and 116th Street.  Theres a full size indoor basketball court and to many other amenities to list oh yea a dry heat sauna and my favorite the steam room.  Huge selection of weights and bikes.  If you live in the area this is the gym for you.
1	I just got a letter in the mail telling me that Moutainside is changing the terms of our contract and is now going to start charge me a "annual enhancement fee of $25 for your individual plan".  So lemme get this straight.. I'm being penalized for being single?  Yeah, there's this guy named Uncle Sam who already screws me over for being single and having a good job...I don't need my gym doing that too.  Especially when there is Abby Bella Dance Studio an LA Fitness and 24 Hour Fitness close by (I'll give you their addresses if you're interested in not being taken advantage of).  Seriously..the Audacity and what's an enhancement fee anyway?  Unless liposuction is now included in my membership, I'm taking my business elsewhere.***Update:Mountainside management's definition of an "enhancement fee" is a joke.  I'm going to file that explanation under NOT MY PROBLEM.  What you consider "enhancements" that you want to charge me a surplus for (without my consent) most of the general public would consider operation costs and keeping up with competition.  This isn't a condo association.  I don't have any invested stake or profit sharing with this company and therefore Mountainside shouldn't be allowed to charge what I would consider to be a B*S* special assessment.  Further stating this fee is an "industry standard" is a farce.  In the past I have been a member at: 24hr Fitness, LA Fitness, XSport, Abby Bella and Bally's...NONE of these gyms have ever tried to sneak in some annual "enhancement fee" ever.. so who are you comparing yourself too?  Lastly, since I've been bashing you all over town I just found out my co-worker who also has a membership at your club isn't getting charged this annual enhancement fee...how fair is that?
1	Not my favorite gym right now. Been members for years. They did a renovation a couple years ago (which they assessed us all a fee to help pay for), but now the gym is in sad shape again. So we all got assessed another enhancement fee.  Carpet in locker rooms need replacing, tile/grout needs to be steam cleaned, equipment in group classes needs to be sanitized/cleaned and repaired, we always run out of hand weights and big balls in group classes (1/4 the hand weights are missing rubber), wood floors in gym/classrooms need rewaxing, the locker rooms sinks reek of sewer gas (clean them out/liquid plumber?), always running out of clean towels and sanitizing wipes, spin room bikes/floor are a sweaty mess and probably need replacing instead of bandaid fixes, stereo equipment in Zumba Room cuts out in class, need I go on? Staff seems to not be the issue as they can only do so much, fitness trainers are great, and the group instructors are the best, thank god. We wonder if any of the area managers (group classes, versus PT manager, versus General Manager) talk to each other about what the members are griping about!? They are completely revamping all the group workout classes, for "consistency" on times, and have eliminated classes that have had a many-year following. No one took our input or input from instructors, instructors are now being told they will be wearing "uniforms" (spin, zumba, yoga? You gotta be kidding!) We heard they want to be like LifeTime...well guys, changing class schedules around  without member feedback will only piss off people. Classes right now are packed! No room to move around! Please add MORE classes! Update this gym and you'll be closer to the Big Boys. Members are not happy...if we go, we hurt your bottom line, but unfortunately also hurt your instructors and personal trainers bottom line. Keep us happy gym members! Talk to us for our feedback please!!!!
2	Having been a member of several gyms over the past forty years this one is by far the worst. Whilst the facilities and equipment are all very good, with the exception of the atrocious spin bikes, it's the management that's terrible - useless might be a better description. Two years ago they finally replaced the spin bikes that were constantly breaking with new ones that are even worse than the previous ones. In doing so they also cut back the total number so that quite often the room is full and people are turned away. A few weeks ago my wife could not get her spin shoe out of the clip (she's not the only one) and had to take her foot out of the shoe. I struggled to get it out and it broke. After two e-mails to the club about this she had no response at all so she left a hard copy letter which finally got a response - "It's your shoes fault"! Nobody even asked to look at her shoes to determine the problem. Yesterday I could not get my shoe out and it also broke. I got the same response - "It's your shoes fault"!Last year they arbitrarily and without permission started charging an "Enhancement Fee" however none of us can see any enhancements whatsoever and in fact the whole club continues to deteriorate.  Have you ever heard of a business that actually charges it's customers to invest in itself? Management seems oblivious to the problems and complaints. On the very positive side the desk staff and trainers are all wonderful which is why I gave Mountainside an extra star.
4	Very happy w/my new gym - great location (just off of Shea Blvd and FLW Blvd), friendly staff, good assortment of equipment, spacious, CLEAN, and decent pricing.Membership does cost extra if you want to go the VIP route (personal towel service) - I opted to save my $ - I can worry about my own damn towel. ;)Very nice to have extra supplies in women's locker room (i.e. hairdryers to use, lotion/soap, and mouthwash). Don't know about the men's...I don't have kiddles, but for those of you who do - there is onsite daycare in the gym, PLUS one channel dedicated to seeing the recorded (real time) playroom on the CardioTheaters on the cardio equipment. Nice, right? TAlso, each cardio equip has their own TV monitor - so nice!!Offer an in-house juice/snack bar. Have only purchased a PowerAde from there, but am tempted to buy a smoothie or protein shake at some point.Also has huge theater room next to locker room in case a member is bored (I guess?) and needs to kill time. Has boxing ring - so cool! OH, and adjacent studios for cycling classes and other gym sessions.
1	This place is going down the tubes fast. Almost all their best group instructors have left in search of greener pastures...which there are. The women's locker room use to have 4 hair dryers, now we're down to 1. The 4 soap dispensers in the sinks; 3 only have ever worked, now another has been taken apart on the sink. The men's shower heads drip water instead of a spray. My husband usually tries 3-4 elliptical machines till he finds one that has a TV that works, the audio jack works, and it doesn't rock or squeak. We always run out of equipment in the bigger group classes - mats, smaller hand weights, etc. Management doesn't appear to want to put money into keeping the club running like it should. Group instructors are treated  really poor, and because of that, are leaving in droves. Members I have known there for years are quitting. I feel bad that we will be looking soon too, as soon as my personal trainer sessions are up. Final straw for us? The group spin instructors were told that if the class overbooks by one bike, they have to give up their instructor bike and walk around the spin room to teach it! Have you ever heard of a more irresponsible mandate?! Why not fix the 3 bikes that are not operational right now??????!!!!!!!! Why not just get all new bikes instead of putting lipstick on a pig? Disgusting...run don't walk away from this place. Management has NEVER contacted me on any of my Yelp reviews...can you say "We don't give a s**t!"?
5	I really really really like this gym. It is not overcrowded and the equipment isn't falling apart. I pay $41 per month, which may seem a little steep but it includes the classes. I was a member at 24 hour fitness, which was terrible. I paid $29 per month for equipment that was falling apart and 1980s decor. This gym is modern, hip, and has a TV on every elliptical! I think it is fairly priced and I'm not locked into a contract. I am happy to say that I recommend this gym!
1	Zero stars is what this review on Yelp should be...So what should we all do about Shea Mountainside Fitness spin bikes? This is the second time my clips have come out of the cleats and I've gashed the back on my leg. Bruised, bleeding, and swollen...hope it doesn't get infected. My Prince Charming took the handles and seat post of Bike F, put both posts in the trash can, then wheeled the remains of the bike into the manager's office. Oh the looks he got! I told the manager the bikes aren't worth "fixing" anymore, they are pieces of crap and need to be replaced. Bike O has a stripped screw on the right cleat that hasn't been fixed since they tried to fix it on their Grand Reopening day 2 frickin' weeks ago...sorry that my friend got stuck with that bike....I told them to put the white board back up in the spin room so we can document all the bikes that need things replaced, tightened, fixed. Who cares that Corp doesn't like the board. Big frickin' deal in Grand Opening - the gym gets new paint. New floors. New furniture. New lockers... But what changed equipment-wise????? Same old pieces of $hit bikes. Who spread the rumor that the spin bikes where getting all new parts?! I guess that shut us up for a month or so. We have been members there for years, and we've been promised soooooo many times that things will get fixed. We were even told at the first remodel years ago we were getting all new bikes! Ha! What saps we are...shame on us. The members on the ellipticals and treadmills were all just laughing and shaking their heads for days after the reopening because no one bothered to re-level all the machines! Even though they told the front desk about them, I guess eventually a week or so later they were leveled finally!? Our spin room did get new paint, a disco strobe light (why?) and a raised surface for the instructor but nothing changed for US the members! So has their policy changed about giving the teachers spin bike away if it's the last bike open? I can't wait to spin and watch a person on the instructor's bike who has no beat and can't follow verbal instruction from the instructor walking around. I'm not new to spin - I've logged in more time since 1995 than most people, have taken classes at over a dozen studios, but I have yet to ever have this injury happen to me elsewhere!  And twice!!?? Throw the bikes out! Don't fix them please. They are a hazard and someone will really get hurt! Everything wobbles, is stripped, is loose, is rusty, seats are split...need I go on??? I only bled on the floor and towels and my bike pack...went thru a few bandages and now have a very painful attractive bruise and cut. I have had it with this place...they have lost amazing instructors and members over the last year. It's time to go... Isn't it the final straw when multiple people have said they drive right by this gym and drive all the way down to the Pavilions because they know the bikes and machines all work down there!? Come'on Scottsdale, BUY NEW SPIN BIKES!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I have been a member here for several months now and I love it here. I read some of the reviews of the gym and was disgusted by what some people wrote about this place. Obviously someone needs to learn some respect and control themselves. I don't believe destroying other peoples property is the way to make a point. I wonder why they looked at you funny...? Grow up. Anyway, this gym is actually very nice. The staff is very friendly and the gym is always clean. The classes are great and there are usually always on time. I love the space this gym has. The locker rooms are not at all like the ones at most other gyms I have been to. They are spacious and that hairy naked guy that parades himself about in every gym is defiantly absent (thank goodness). All in all, the atmosphere is very relaxing and quiet for a gym. It keeps me motivated and going. Highly recommended!
1	Jan's review pretty much sums up everything I feel. My wife and I have been members for about 6 years. The new renovation was a joke. New floors and annoying disco lights in spin. Bikes still same old pieces of junk. Loose handlebars & seats. They are worn out and used up; they need to be replaced. And all the better spin instructors jumped ship and are gone.Recumbent bikes all have loose seats and no pedal straps. Wide screen theatre area has 3 seats! REALLY. Not enough weights and equipment for muscle classes. My wife has been waiting 3 yrs for promised additional weights. Free towels are nice but are now all ratty and feel like a steel wool pad. Time to replace them. Mountainside, it's time to get your act together.
4	I'm from California where the gyms are always packed full of douche bags and the equipment is dirty and always being used. I've resorted to working out at home (and have manage to compile a nice home gym as a result).  My wife and I came down to Scottsdale for spring training and I found this place by accident. I signed up for a 5 day pass for $25 . I know it's a little pricey and gym trials are usually free, hence the 4 stars and not 5.  Other than that this gym had everything you could ask for! Nice equipment, no wait time for weights or machines, and a great functional training area equipt with TRX's, kettlebells, heavy ropes and more! They even have a boxing ring and heavy bags! I could not wait to wake up and get my workouts in at this place. There's not much else to do in Scottsdale outside of baseball, hiking, eating and exercising so it made my trip!
5	This is the best gym I have ever been too. Clean, big, and has a lot of new equipment. They offer a lot of services too like private training, nutrition planning, and massage/chiropractor.There are about 5 to 10 machines for the muscle you want to work out so you almost never have to wait to use a machine. There is also a boxing ring with free to use boxing bags which was a huge deal for me. To top it all off, they have a really nice locker room with plenty of lockers, space, and privacy. The employees are young, and polite. My only complaint is that the snack bar is a bit expensive. I'd like to use it more after my workouts but I can't swing a $5 protein smoothie when I have my own stuff at home.
1	Mountainside is not only the worst fitness club I have ever seen but the worst business ever. Not only do they not care about their members but in fact they don't care about the health and safety... and her's proof.Some "genius" decided that they needed high intensity lights that strobe to the music in the spin room. Most members, and even instructors, complained and several had to stop spinning as they were getting migraines. Rather than removing the lights the club removed the switch taht allowed us to switch them off. In my case one day I became highly disoriented and nauseous. I felt as though I was about to faint so I got off the bike, visually indicated to Randy the instructor, that I felt bad and I left the spin room.I went to the manager's office to report this. Then I sat down to avoid collapsing. Numerous members, as well as several of your own staff, saw me and saw that I was in obvious distress, as did others in the spin class.Despite my very obvious distress at no time did Randy bother to check on me when I left the class or after, which is totally irresponsible on his part. Furthermore none of the club staff offered to get a doctor or an ambulance, or drive me to an emergency clinic. In fact I had to request an Advil or Tylenol and even that was not readily available. Later that same day Ms. Sarah Mitcham, the Club Manager, called me to tell me that I had caused a disruption leaving the class and hence my membership was cancelled effective immediately. She did not even have the decency to ask for my version of events. It seems that the instructor had told her that I had caused a disturbance in leaving the class. Not only do I deny this but several members who were in the same class have offered to testify that I did not cause any disturbance and they too object to the strobe lights and feel they are detrimental to their well-being.Upon further investigation it appears that I may have suffered a slight seizure. There are numerous medical articles, which claim that strobing lights are a cause of seizures even in people who do not have epilepsy, and even lighting companies sell such lighting systems with warnings.I wrote a letter to the club president asking to discuss this but he didn't have the courtesy to replay which is just further proof that they don't care about their members.
2	I have been a member here for many years.  Lately, it has gone downhill.  The equipment is frequently broken, despite complaints from the members.  One of the best spin instructors left because of this issue.  It is extremely hot in the cardio area - too uncomfortable to work out.I would recommend going somewhere else!
2	I realize that I can quit this gym anytime that I want to do so.  However, they are so close to my house that I probably won't.   I am at my wits' end. The machines are consistently broken.  If it's not the machine itself (heart rate doesn't work, incline doesn't work, etc) then it's the headphone jack.  I have written emails.  I have spoken with the staff.  I have suggested ways that they can be more proactive in finding and labeling the broken machines...to no avail.  I am not exaggerating when I say that on four out of five visits, I have to go to at least three machines before I find one that works.  I report the broken machines, but I have no idea what they do about it - I rarely see out of order signs on the machines, yet I find broken machines consistently.  They got some new treadmills and I was excited about those until I realized, halfway through my run, that the incline didn't work on the machine that I was using.  Their cusotmer service is really bad - the people that work the front desk really seem as though they don't want to be there.  I am also disappointed in their holiday hours.  On Thanksgiving, my schedule requires that I exercise in the wee hours.  Mountainside typically opens at 4:30, so I assumed I'd have no problem.  Good thing I called because I found out that they don't open until 6:00.  I know that I am not the only person who wants to exercise early on Thanksgiving whether it's for travel, to clean the house or prepare food.  I wish they were opening earlier.  Now I have to run outside in the dark.
4	Pretty good gym. I like that they have power yoga, and the teachers are sometimes comparable to those of private yoga studios!They just remodeled and added a new spin room. I think there will be more construction underway soon so just be aware of that!I like that they have internet, I don't like that they don't display the password where you can see it (like on a treadmill). I hate when I'm already working out and I go to use my spotify only to realize I didn't get the password and cannot listen to my music. They need to fix that.Also, they have towels available, which is great! Gold's gym on Northsight does not provide towels so this is a huge plus.
4	This gym has everything I need for a good workout...lots of cardio equipment, weight machines, free weights, and a pretty generous amount of free classes (I've done some of the yoga and fitness classes and like them all, though sometimes the room is crowded so try to get there a bit early).  My son goes to the childcare and I am comfortable leaving him there and he is happy with it.  It's not the cheapest gym, but it's not the worst, either, and since I need a place with a non-scary and convenient childcare it's definitely the best local choice.  There are some extra Scottsdale-y members but that's just the location, and doesn't reflect upon the gym itself, and there are plenty of "normal people" there, too.  Overall, it's a good place to go!
