5	I had my floors done 2 years ago, to the week, by Flooring America.  I had a wonderful experience from my first phone call with Dale, to my first  meeting with him when he came to give me a free estimate, to the second and third time I needed to meet with him because I am slow and hesitant when making big decisions, to the installation of my floors, to the second estimate for the upstairs, to two days ago when I asked him yet another question about my floors!  I had some questions about some places that I was worried were ruined (from dog pee and toilet bowl cleaner), as well as 4 places were the planks "weren't perfect" in my opinion.  Dale came out to look at them (2 years after installation) and answered every question I had about the floors.  He told me that he would have his installer/repair guy call me the next week, after the holiday, in order to fix the 4 spots that the floor had moved, as it is a moving floor.  I asked about the two places that the dog had "ruined", but in fact, he said they were fine and I could save my money (awesome!)  I appreciated his honesty as well as his customer support and service.  Dale then checked out the toilet cleaner problem - I thought the floor was bleached forever.  He asked me if I had any cooking oil and then proceeded to get behind the toilet, scrub the floor for a few minutes and fix the problem.  Instead of charging me for his own good, he did what a family member would do for me!  Dale has answered every question I have ever asked, even ones about plumbing and electrical work, that had nothing to do with flooring!  He has answered every question I have had quickly, no matter how many I have asked!  Dale has been very helpful and kind, and I really have appreciated his help!I would recommend Flooring America at Ray and 56th not only because of my beautiful laminate floors, because of the wonderful customer service I have received and continue to receive two years later!
5	Our experience with Flooring America of Chandler was nothing short of five stars.  Dale and his team were attentive, knowledgable, and patient through our entire project. We replaced almost all of the flooring in our 2900 square foot home. This was a big project and I am so glad we trusted it to Flooring America of Chandler.The staff in the showroom took the time to help me find the perfect tile and they worked hard to make sure it was available to be installed on exactly the days I needed.  Dale gave great advice at each step and the installation team was professional, trustworthy, and extremely hard working.  Together they turned around our entire house in less than a week--though we expected the project to take much, much longer.  Dale even went out of his way to order replacement molding for our wood floors, even though this was not part of the original project.  We are very happy with our new floors and highly recommend Dale and his team at Flooring America of Chandler.
5	Dale and his family at Flooring America/Chandler run their business the way I wish all businesses were run.We had a major remodel including both our bathrooms, entire flooring in our 2100 sq. ft. house, kitchen upgrades etc. Work included a full tile shower install in both MBR and guest bathrooms, tile in the kitchen island and back splash and tiling and hardwood for our floors.  That was about eight years ago.  The work and customer service was stellar then and it is stellar now.  (Wow, a  company with an awesome track record in Arizona...who knew?) We have had several repairs that needed to be done within the eight years and Dale and his family have been there promptly to take care of the situation and WITHOUT QUESTION. Flooring America is a franchise, so I can't speak about the other locations.  I can tell you unequivocally that Dale's Flooring America in Chandler is top notch.  They will get our future work along with my highest recommendation. So nice to find a company that goes above and beyond.  Thank you Dale and Family.
5	We recently started shopping around for tile to replace the existing carpet and laminate on the 1st floor of our home in Gilbert. After a bad experience with a salesperson from Express Flooring, my wife and I walked into Flooring America in Chandler. The salesperson was nice and listened as we explained what we were looking for. He showed us a good variety of tiles that fit our needs. We picked out our three favorite options and set up an appointment for Dale, the owner, to come take some measurements and give an estimate for the job.Dale was nice enough to come to the house at the end of the evening. I worked late and my son had cub scouts so Dale agreed to come over at 730 PM so that I could take care of what I needed to. He brought the 3 pieces of tile that we selected in the store and we were able to see how they would look. It made it easy to choose our favorite. He took his measurements and explained all options for the installation. We ended up choosing to have them installed diagonally which would cost more due to the fact that more tiles needed to be cut and there would be more materials wasted. The price we agreed upon was cheaper (diagonal install) than the price we were quoted from Express Flooring (horizontal install). Dale left and told me that he would contact me the next day with an estimate on a start date. The next day, he informed me that the installers would begin the job on Monday (4 business days). This was fine with me as I had a lot of stuff to move off the first floor. As scheduled, the contractors showed up on Monday bright and early. They helped me move a few pieces of furniture that I could not move myself and then got started ripping out the old floor. The boss told me the job should be finished on Friday and then left his installer to complete the job. "The worker", as my six year old son referred to him, worked very hard and put in 12 hour days. He was very nice and didn't seem at all bothered by all the questions the boy was asking or the instructions the boy gave him like..."don't  break those tiles Mister" HAHAHA.  The installer really took his time to make sure all cut pieces of tile looked right. I'll just say it... They are "perfect" and his attention to detail was first rate.  The only knock I have on the whole job,from beginning to end is that the install took a full six days instead of the estimated five. But, at this point, I don't care because the floor looks freakin fabulous.  Dale and his family run an excellent business and I will definitely be going back to them when I do my upstairs flooring and bathroom upgrades. Oh yeah... And they do kitchen countertops also. If your looking for some work done in your home... Look no further than Flooring America in Chandler.
4	It took months, nay, years for us to decide on what to do about the flooring in our home. When we bought the house I knew that the carpet was looking worn and would need to be replaced in a couple years. But what to replace it with? There are so many choices today with different styles of carpeting, laminate, wood, and tile. After a few stains (a full glass of pink Crystal Light - that stuff does not come out!) we ruled out carpet. I like the look of wood and so we went back and forth and talked to many people about the merits of hardwood vs laminate. Both don't do well with a lot of moisture and I really wanted the same flooring in the kitchen and main living area, plus the room that leads to/from the pool. So, we settled on tile. A friend of ours has ceramic tile that looks like wood in their entryway so we started exploring those options. Unfortunately, most of the ones we looked at had a wood-ish design to them but really were not going to trick anyone into thinking they were wood. And most were in the short thick rectangular shape (8"x24") pieces.When we went into Flooring America the first time we kind of browsed around and then left without making any commitments. The sales girl was friendly and answered our questions but didn't put on too much pressure. Once we had narrowed down to the wood look tile we went back in and met with another salesperson who showed us all the options they had. That was when I realized just how many different product choices Flooring America has to offer. The store is just a showroom, they don't have inventory there so that is why it seems so much smaller than going to a tile wholesale place or big box home improvement store. But really they have a huge selection! The type of tile we were looking at ranged in price from $4 a sq ft to $12. We picked a few that we liked and made an appointment for them to home to our home. They want you to see the samples in your own environment with the lighting and your furniture since that is the only way you can tell if you are going to like it or not.Well, of course I ended up falling in love with the most expensive one they had. It is a porcelain tile made in Italy by Cerdomus (Barrique series, Brun if you are interested). It was the most wood looking because there were a lot of variations in the pattern that looked like natural wood grain and the actual tile pieces had some texture to them instead of being smooth and overly shiny. And it came in a variety of sizes (4X24, 8X24, 4X40, 8X40). Dale gave us a discount as a way of apologizing for missing the first appointment. That was a smart business move since when we were waiting around for him the first time I was already thinking "There's no way we are going to use this company if they don't even show up for the estimate." They were also running a promotion on installation so the overall cost, although very high, was still a good deal since we were getting such a quality product. The main thing I like about this company is that they do it all for you: help with the initial design selections, move furniture and do the demo of old flooring, and install the tile. We ended up using all four sizes to make a really great pattern that looks awesome! The main guy laying the tile was Dale's son and he was very trustworthy and professional.There were a few glitches with scheduling. But that was mainly our fault since we ended up getting new baseboards (yes, they offer those, too) and then decided we wanted to paint the walls after the tile was done but before the new baseboards went on. So, of course by the time the painters were done the tile crew had moved on to a new job and had to squeeze us in to finish up. Another hiccup was that they ran out of tile (just one size) on the second day and had to order more which delayed things a couple of days. However, the nice thing about that was that Dale ate the cost of the extra tile since he said it was his mistake in measuring/ordering. Another company would have probably tried to pass that cost on to us. In spite of these couple issues the overall process was smooth because of how competent and courteous everyone at Flooring America is. I think we got a very, very high quality tile at a reasonable price and it looks really great! There are a few spots where the tile is not perfectly level (hence minus one star) but so far we have gotten a ton of compliments from friends and family and I am very pleased.
5	The first time we worked with Dale at Flooring America of Chandler was in November 2012 when we had new carpet and pad installed in our home in two bedrooms, loft, stairs and family room.  Absolutely gorgeous and we could not believe the price and quality of the product.  There was absolutely no pressure on Dale's behalf.  In July of 2013 we decided to sell our home and buy a new build and asked Dale to meet us at the model home so he could quote carpet for the bedrooms and possibly wood for our home office and master bedroom.   When he asked what we were doing about the tile and baseboards, we let him know we were going to let the builder install those.  He asked for the opportunity to quote the entire home, which we thought was crazy as ALL the flooring and baseboards would have to be removed.  He said no problem, they do this sort of thing  all the time even in brand new homes.   Dale quoted the job and most definitely came in lower than the builder and offered a lifetime warranty on their workmanship as long as we own our home.  Six months later, we sit in our new home with the most amazing flooring ever!   We have gorgeous 12x24 tile, 5" plank hardwood floors, upgraded carpet and pad and 5 1/4" baseboards that sit properly on top of the tile and wood, unlike what the builder would have done.   No one could believe that the day after we closed escrow everything was being torn out and it seems we may have started a trend in our new neighborhood.   We cannot thank Dale, Efren, Jake and all the installers enough for the beautiful workmanship.  High quality work at its best!    We will continue to refer you for years to come and will be calling hopefully this year to have our custom shower done as well.
5	What a wonderful business to work with!  Flooring America is family-operated and you are treated like one of the family.  They helped make the best choices for our home, installed the carpet and hardwood flooring beautifully, and followed up to see that the installation was to our satisfaction.  We were reminded that we were customers for life - that the service didn't end once the job was done.  We had our whole house done, and it looks great!  We couldn't have chosen anyone better to do this job.
