3	Over the years I've been a buyer, window shopper, seller and borrower at many pawn shops. I even worked at one for day. Pawn shops are great places to borrow money or score a good deal. They are one of the most easily accessible forms of credit around and are available to anyone who with a legal ID.Pawnshops vary greatly from shop to shop depending on local, city and state rules. They also vary based on how the owner decides to run them. In my experience there are 3 types of pawn shops; the retail store type, the crackhead-we'll-loan-money-to-anyone-that-comes-in-this-joint type and a hybrid of the two. There are variations as well with the our-guys-tote-guns type and the unarmed type and the we-hire-people-that-know-stuff type and the we-hire-people-that-know-nothing type.This shop seems to be a hybrid as far as knowledgable employees goes and as far as being unarmed goes in what seems to be a more friendly retail environment. While none of the people here have been downright rude to me a couple have acted condescending at times despite having zero knowledge about an item. Conversely, there are a couple of super friendly employees here.3 stars is "A-ok" and I won't argue with that for this place. They'll work with you, they'll cut deals, they'll make good loans, they'll negotiate prices for items for sale. I recommend dealing with the guy that smokes cigars whose name I believe is Dave. Knowledge and friendliness seem to be his strong-suit and he certainly understands the idea of long-term customer relations.Not a big shop, but a clean shop and better than a lot of shops in town.
1	So this kid named Brendan I think that was his name anyway he treated me extremely rude and like a common criminal....... being that he was wearing two obscene diamond earrings and wearing a gun on his hip he was obviously compensating for the little man's disease so I should empathetic but whatever he's a complete ass....... He's not Noah that's for sure ( his predecessor I assume)....... As I've said before about other places your money is better spent elsewhere Til next time
3	I have never actually been to a pawn shop for any reason. I can't honestly even tell you what they are used for. I have never seen Pawn Stars. I don't watch television. I really enjoy this signage. On an almost daily basis. Savy, that is all it is. Love of a little morning chuckle.
1	I responded to a Craigslist Ad.  I contacted them and said I wanted the merchandise.  They wouldn't take a credit card over the phone but said they'd hold item for 1 business day.After work I rushed to get to the shop by the 7:00 pm close time.  I was 12 min away at 6:50.  I had my sister call while I was driving to tell them I was minutes away and cutting it very close.  The told her they would close at 7:00, period.  At 6:58 I was a few blocks away.  I called again and told them where I was.  They said I had 1 minute and they could not wait for me. I pulled in at 7:03 according the the atomic clock.  I could see two people milling around inside.  They could see me.  I called them.  On the 2nd try they answered.  I pleaded with them as I had just driven 45 minutes.  As I told them I didn't even need to come in.  I had cash and they could just hand me the item.  They refused. I cannot believe they could not conduct a transaction at 7:03 after I had called them twice and let them know exactly where I was.
5	This place is great! I got screwed over on Amazon for a Wii and called around to local pawn shops to see what they had. Most shops were selling Wiis for $50+, but here, Kat gave me a great deal on a bundle AND I got two games for under $10. They were kind, courteous and even hooked the system up for me in store so I could ensure that it works. Their electronics come with a 30 day warranty so if there are any problems, you can take it back.I plan to go back and scope out their laptops when mine finally takes a dirt nap (which isn't far off).Go see Kat and the team at Super Pawn on Central!!
4	Young man behind the counter was very helpful and went out if his way to answer every question I had. Think his name jessy. $4 strings are the sheeeit!
5	Best place to buy guitars and pedals... Great workers there.  Super mega awesome customer service.  I wouldn't get my instruments from anyone else.
