5	Gina and her team were very professional and responsive. The marketing plan in comprehensive and she had a host of recommended businesses to make my needed repairs happen quickly and at a great price. I highly recommend them if you are in the market to sell your house.
5	Gina's listing presentation was convincing; important aspects were internet marketing via multiple channels, proximity to my home, her market knowledge, her continuing education/certifications and professionalism. The marketing helped generate traffic early on which was critical in getting a good price. The transaction process was smooth with responsive communication throughout. We enjoyed working with Gina and her team very much!!
1	It has taken me a while to figure out exactly what to say during this review. My husband and I were tenants in a house managed by Gina's office for almost 2.5 years.My biggest complaint is the poor communication that comes from Gina's office. I submitted a request via the online portal and never received a response.  After 2 weeks I emailed Gina, still no response. I waited 3 more weeks then emailed again and the response I got said, "I do not handle these requests please contact the office directly." Really? She couldn't A) Forward my response to the correct person (who is her husband) or B) Give the person who is responsible a head's up that there's a maintenance request in the system that requires follow up? I found it to be unprofessional that she would push it back on me when I had done what was asked and at that point they had already dropped the ball.As the tenant, I guess one could say that she had no reason to care what I thought but I know the owners had similar communication issues as well. One day the owner called (we had each other's cell phone numbers) and asked if Gina's office had reached out to me regarding some questions she had. I said no and that I had no missed calls to which she replied, "I asked them 3 times to contact you and they still havent? I can't believe it." The owners and I took to talking and resolving most things on our own and simply took Gina out of the middle. If I were the owner and I had paid for property management services I would have been surely upset. The owner chose to sell the house after we moved out and she did not use Gina as a realtor if that tells you anything.My second complaint is that they seem to try and make things more difficult than they need to be. They are not flexible or friendly in their approach at all. It's quite odd they would even want to do business that way IMO but maybe that's the Midwest gal in me talking. The list of bizarre dealings with them is simply too long to list here but one example is that we had our move out inspection scheduled for 2pm on a Tuesday. We asked to be present during the walk thru, which is our right. (It took 6 weeks and countless emails and calls just to get a response on when they wanted to do it.) The day and time were confirmed well in advance in writing. We pull up a few minutes early and wait in the car. At 2pm their assistant pulls up and says "We did the inspection this morning and need you to sign this." ??? No explanation they just chose to violate the plan that was in place and didn't bother to notify us. You may be thinking I'm just a disgruntled tenant who didn't receive her security deposits back, I can assure you that's not the case. We took excellent care of the home as if it were ours and we received our full deposit back.
5	Gina provided clear expectations up front. She did a great job providing guidance on preparing the house and staging it for sale. She was prompt to return most calls, and swift in dealing with buyers who backed out. I would call Gina again if I ever had another RE transaction in the PHX area.
