5	Very Relaxing experience.  My girlfriend and mom ventured in here one night because it was new and so close to my house.  We were greeted right away by a very nice host that explained the different deals and options.  She was very nice and funny.  We opted for plan D which is a 75 minute foot and back message for $42!  Quite the deal!  The foot water had 3 different scents: Lavender, Oriental and Milk.  We had Lavender b/c they suggested it help with your sleep.  They weren't kidding, I was so relaxed I struggled staying awake during the foot massage.  The back massage we good but turned to excellent when they busted out the hot rocks!  Very nice.Hard to beat this place!  Must check it out at least once.
2	Went there a couple night ago with my boyfriend. The girl who gave me a message was not even modestly good. I should have asked for someone else 10 minutes in. She actually hurt me, because the next day I could Hardly move my neck...ITS SUPPOSED TO BE A FOOT MASSAGE!
3	I received a gift certificate from my kids for Christmas and finally had some time to check this place out.  I will preface this by saying I lived in the SF Bay area, and they know foot spas.  They have the lock on them, and I was superbly spoiled by them, so any foot spa will have to stand up to that.  I've already reviewed one spa here that was less than stellar, so I'm not afraid to tell it like it is.  So here we go.When my husband bought the certificate, even though they have a sign on the reception desk that says they sell GC's, the lady at the desk kept telling him they didn't do that.  He was finally able to get someone to help him.I made an appointment, and arrived 5 minutes early.  I was immediately shown to a beautiful semi-private space, tranquil and quiet.  I was asked if I wanted something to drink - I asked for green tea.  So far so good!  The massage started and I was transported to a blissful state of relaxation!After it was over, I gathered myself and my belongings, and made my way to the front desk.  I presented the gift certificate, to which she tried to tell me it wasn't theirs.  *sigh* She went and got another girl who helped her find the record of my certificate.Now if there's one thing that aggravates the crap out of me, it's when I'm being manipulated for a bigger tip.  They have a 'Tip Sheet' at the desk that basically says that if you tip under $10, you weren't happy with the service.  My foot massage was $30.  I'm not tipping $20 on a $30 massage.  Maybe that makes me an ass, but I'm just not doing it.  So I've barely had time to make sure they get the certificate right, and she asks me "No tip?"  Except it sounded like "No Tea?"  Well, I'd had tea, so I said "oh I had tea, thank you!"  She points to the chart.  That's a quick way to insult your customers and aggravate them.  Let me tip based on what I feel was deserved, not what you try to manipulate customers into tipping.  Thanks.Other than this one little irritation, the place is clean, beautiful, and they do a good job.
5	After many attempts to find a great keep-your-clothes-on-cheap-massage like I've known in SoCal ,I can finally say this is the best in Vegas!  Highly recommend Phelix
5	I was a dire need of a massage so I decided to give this place a shot. I'm so happy I did because that was one of the best massages I've had in a long time! I purchased the 60 minute massage for $28 which includes: 15 minutes of neck, shoulders, head, arms, hands 30 minutes of foot massage 15 minutes of hot stone back massage And I also added the hot paraffin wax on my feet for an additional $10. Alan did my massage and he was sooo good! I will ask for him next time I go for sure! A girl did the wax treatment. They just dip your feet in hot wax and put them in oven-mits for about 15 minutes which turns your rough feet into soft angels feet :). I loved it!  I ended up giving a $20 tip because they did such a good job. Any spa or massage place like Massage Envy costs double and they don't do nearly as good of a job! I'll definitely come back as often as possible.
5	Me and my boyfriend have been to other reflexology places and this one is by far the best! They really take their time and use really good pressure. He even feel asleep! That's never happened before. My body feels like jello!! There's really no "fluff" they hit all the right spots and are worth more than you pay. This will be a regular thing from now on!!
4	Always down for reflexology!  Love it, especially when they beat my ass!  (Would've been a lot better if the stupid guy in the smoke shop next door wasn't yelling so much)
5	It was a first for me & my husband- It was exactly what we needed! Quiet, peaceful & amazing foot treatment. This will be a regular stop for us now.
5	Amazing! Came here for my boyfriend's birthday, as it was really close to our house, and we were SO happy with our experience. So relaxing, clean and we're accommodating. We will definitely try to make it out here once a month, if not more.
5	Best massage ever!  Why didn't this place come up when I searched on Yelp when it is the closest massage salon from my house? I'm glad I decided to go. Clean, quiet, and very private environment. Super highly recommended.
5	So....I just had to go back for another session. They took time to listen to what was my problem areas and made sure those areas get special attention. If you are looking for SUPERIOR deep tissue massage, this is definitely the place to go!!!!! Clean environment, professional staff, great massage.....I can't wait to go back again!
1	I don't know what time of day or night all of these positive reviewers visited this place, but if you come at night you're probably going to get the "masseuses" me and my boyfriend got.  I am not sure if they were licensed because they massaged us like they've never done it before.  They moved a trillion miles per hour all over our bodies to the point where we both (coincidentally) struggled to even inhale numerous times.Also, they were wearing big parkas because it was cold inside.  We couldn't get massaged in parkas.I witnessed them set the temperature to 73 degrees.  Their hands were cold.  The lotion was cold.  I had goosebumps while I was getting massaged.The only reason we didn't back out was because we both really needed a massage and this place was minutes from our house.When the time to pay came, we realized that the 2 masseuses we met weren't alone because suddenly there were 5 more of Their friends all surrounding us in the lobby while we pay.  I thought we were going to get jumped for a moment.
1	The setting is nice, but when I asked to only have my feet done I still was subjected to having cheap lotion rubbed all over me. I had a coupon from their website that said $25 for 60 min. I asked to end the treatment at 45 min since it pretty much was awful. Upon checking out I was told I'd have to pay $28 since I refused to endure 15 more minutes! I told the lady at the desk no way, and I actually felt bad for the lady that provided the service since she is just untrained and seemed to try. I only paid $25 but again that was for less time than the coupon allowed for, and after having to argue with someone that spoke little English. Poor customer service and ridiculous shake down,and quality of my "foot rub" was subpar. GO elsewhere as I have had better and never could recommend this place.
