5	Well, I just started going about 2 weeks ago. I had never heard of CrossFit until my maid of honor told me she was doing it back in NY for MY wedding.  I found this gym close to my house and figured I would give it a shot. All i can say is WOW. I can already feel a difference in the strength I am getting as well as the good pain I feel after the class. Every class I go to is different. While it is more expensive than a regular gym, I do feel it is worth every penny. Its like having a personal trainer that you share with a handful of people. They push you just enough to make you work, but never make you go out of your comfort zone. I am so happy I found this place. Mike and his wife are great to work with and really help and are dedicated and passionate about this. I highly recommend anyone not sure to take the first class ( which they offer for free) and I guarantee you wont ever go anywhere else!!!
5	I have been nothing but impressed with Crossfit Henderson. The coaches spend time explaining each exercise and help each person find the proper modification to fit their current experience and fitness level. And I've never once heard a coach scream or yell. Lots of positive encouragement from the coaches and from the other members makes this an awesome place to workout.
5	I was not a fan of crossfit but a friend of mine talked me into trying it out. After a few workouts here, I was hooked. Such a great atmosphere with helpful and knowledgeable owners. I love the family feeling I have developed here. One of the few gyms that you will feel at home and still get quality training from. I am a nationally certified trainer and this box improved my fitness level beyond what I could do on my own. It is nice to have owners that know more about fitness than I do and invest in all their members becoming better.
5	I love this place! I was new to crossfit and a little nervous,  but everyone at Henderson Crossfit was amazingly supportive and helpful.  I went for 3 months and then had to move away from Vegas,  otherwise I'd still be there. Fun, hard workouts. I always felt sore and like a million bucks after :) Do yourself a favor and try it out.
5	Do yourself a favor and when you are searching for a crossfit gym select the gym with excellent coaching.  Smart weight, good technique, and proper progression is the key to becoming good at crossfit.  Henderson crossfit is an excellent example.  Not only is it good coaching but it has a very good family vibe.   If you would like a hard workout, that is smart, with a good, fun family vibe, then Henderson crossfit is for you!
