5	The ladies are really sweet, and welcoming. If you want you nails done last minute, they're fantastic. They can do designs, gel art, etc. Walk-ins are definitely accepted, and they are fast getting you in. The store is cozily designed.
4	I was the last customer of the day and they took me in, being very welcoming just like the last reviewer said.  The shop is nicely decorated and it feels very homey, with little touches such as flowers in the corner, artwork, and a bottle of water brought out for you at the beginning of your appointment. This shop has many hand maniquinns out that show you all different ways the gel nail art can be done, some that would blow your mind.  If I had more time I would have gone with one of the fancier styles instead of a regular white tip full-set. This is my new nail place.  It's close to my house, the staff was very friendly, and they seemed genuinely happy to have had my business.  Very happy!
5	Just came in and I'm writing the review as the very nice lady is doing my pedicure! Walked in and asked for a pedicure and gel manicure and they were able to assist me right away. I've been here a few times before but always forget to write a review! They always have great service and do such a great job!
1	This is the worst group of people running a nail salon I have ever come across. Several times I have gone in and the two younger girls are always so rude! I really liked the other lady Nie I think that's how her name is spelled but every time I called to make an appointment with her they would not give me one. I asked them why and all they would say is "she busy" I told them to check her schedule and tell me when she's open I'll come then and again the only answer I got was "she busy." I called them again one to see if that lady was in the salon so I could go and she put me on hold to "check" I mean it's not that big if a place if she wasn't there it would be obvious. So she came back and said she left, I asked when she would be back she said I don't know. I don't understand why they wouldn't give me an appointment with her this is the first time in my life I've heard of a nail place not giving you an appointment! Anyways she pretty much hung up on me when I asked why they won't give me an appointment and when I called back she picked up didn't talk and hung up again. So, if you're looking for a stable place that you can make appointments whenever it's convenient for you of with who you liked doing your nails this is not the place to go. Oh and if you just randomly walk in you'll get attitude. I've been to a lot of nail salons over town and I must say this is the WORST one ever!
5	They are so nice and do such a wonderful job, really paying attn. to detail. I will drive across town to come here. I prefer the younger lady for the pedi. She really takes her time and massages your legs a lot.
