5	A great place to hear local comedy acts as well as some traveling more well known people.  Enjoy the great drinks while being entertained, you can't beat it.  Thursday night there is a $1 cover...can't beat that! Great for that night when you just want to do something different.  5 stars.
4	Great place to go hang out with some friends! It's only $10 to get in! I go twice a month with my family and friends, we have never NOT had a good laugh. The only downer is that they require a two drink minimum, and when you are a light-weight like me... two drinks is two too many. So I usually stick to diet coke. The drinks are pricey but hey, it's a business... I've been there dozens of times and the staff is always friendly! (One time I had a waitress that was NOT on top of her game, she didn't know how to count and she refused to split our bill... I haven't seen her there since though)I do recommend this place!
4	Have only been here for Wednesday's amature night....You can't beat this entertainment for $2 cover and $2 drink specials. Plus the comedians only do 5 minute routines so you get a taste of 20 or so different people. Great place to hit up on a Wednesday. You will see me as a regular there now.
5	What's not to love about the Comedy Club.  I have been going to this venue for about 5 years now (in their old and new location), and there's only been a few times where I was disappointed.  The new location has a nice huge seating area where you and a group of friends can pay an incredibly small fee to see a great show of standup comedy.Specifically, on Thursdays it's $1 with a Student ID, and Fri-Sun it's $10.  Each of these tickets requires a 2 drink minimum, but you can buy soda if you need to save on cash.  This is a great price, and there's usually 2 or 3 comics at a minimum, with some shows having as many as 6 or 7.  Usually the whole experience takes about an hour and a half to two hours, and you're almost guaranteed to have a riot.  If you look in some of the local papers, they print a coupon every week for a buy one get one free as well, and this place definitely rings true with the saying "the more the merrier."  My only recommendation here is to call ahead, as the place can get packed and sometimes they need a reservation depending on the size of your party.I've been to a few other stand up comedy venues in various major cities, and also improv comedy (like Comedy Sportz), but this place stands out because they consistently get funny comics and an excited crowd.  The humor is usually intelligent (at least the headliner), or they throw enough comics at  you that one or two of them is bound to hit your funnybone.  I can't stress enough how good this place is and if you haven't been you should go next weekend.  I've had my share of memories there, from laughing so hard I had to get up and go to the bathroom (on my first date with my girlfriend of 5 years now) to laughing so hard it hurt because a comic rebuked insulting with a tirade that prompted a rude patron to leave.  The atmosphere of people is primarily college and young adults, but there are middle-aged folks as well, and a lot of parents taking their college kids out on the town.  The comedy almost never gets so raunchy that it's offensive, and most comics either have a good skit series off the bat or adapt to the crowd.  Many of them have been on Comedy Central, and several have won comedy awards.  The one thing you shouldn't expect is a giant auditorium with people on the status level of Jerry Seinfeld, but if you just want to go have a good time, laugh your heart out, and have a few drinks, this is the place.
4	Service was fast and attentive, and even with the house-instituted two-drink minimum prices were reasonable. seating was  comfortable for a few hours, and  I liked the short sets by the  host and a couple of openersbefore the feature (official opener) and the headliner.  They will also bring your tab with plenty of time before the end of the show, which is appreciated.
4	While the comedians themselves are hit or miss (such as the way of stand-up), the overall experience is consistently good.  We've been to the new space a couple of times now, and it's a tremendous improvement over the old location.  The admission is reasonable at $10.00 a head without a coupon.  Make a reservation and settle in, order a couple of drinks and relax your fine self.Although it has a two-drink minimum in the showroom, the drink prices are fair and the drinks themselves are not half bad.
4	Went and saw josh sneed and mike cody. Great comedy, well crafted story telling and perfect timing. Comedy sketches were easy to relate to.  Content was current and not raunchy.  Amy was our server and was very attentive to our needs, quick with a smile, great eye contact and dedicated to her tasks. Facility was good...could use a little more color and decor but looked like a typical comedy club. Great experience!
4	Every time I am in Madison I make it a point to go to the Comedy Club and I have a blast each time.  The comedians are consistently hilarious and the servers are very nice.  There is a 2 drink minimum that does not include drinks purchased in the lobby but they have Spotted Cow on tap so no problem here.  Cover is normally $10 and you can call ahead and reserve seats which saves a lot of time especially on busy nights.
4	Was in Madison for a show at the Frequency and decided to perform at the open mic here. The audience was lucky because I totally killed. I'm just kidding, but I really did totally kill. I'm joking about how awesome I think I am but the real joke was when I performed here, meaning that I told several awesome jokes that the crowd really enjoyed. A really awesomely attended show and the local performers were really funny. Seriously though, I fucking killed it.
4	Always a good time, especially with a group. The staff is generally professional, although our last waitress missed my gf's request of water in addition to her drink multiple times.  The comedians can be hit or miss, but if someone out the crowd says something stupid they get ripped up which is always a plus. Not for the faint of heart squares. Loosen up man.
4	I came here Thursday night with the "All-Star" stand-up comics.It's $2 for students with ID and $8 for anyone without. Normally I wouldn't have an issue with that, except they still demand a 2 drink minimum, which seems a little much to me.However, aside from the MC, the comedians consistently had us laughing (and sometimes face-palming) and the Pina Colada and Arnold Palmer I did order, were delicious.A good hour and a half. I recommend it.
4	I've been here three times, twice for free thanks to their practice of giving away tickets based on filling out comment cards and once for their $2 open mic. Nearly everyone's been funny and the staff is always nice. There is a two-drink minimum, but there are several non-alcoholic choices that run around $3. A good place to mix it up once in awhile.
4	I love this place... it has such a cool design and its neat how its in the basement of a bank essentially. The drinks can get a bit expensive depending on the night and sometimes pretty cheap other nights. My favorite night to go is WEdnesday for open mic. It's only $2 to get in and then it is $2 PBR's and a couple other drinks specials. The bar is pretty large for the size of the establishment and the area with the stage is pretty large to. The only negatives that I really have to say about this place is the i feel the company wasted a lot of the space with big booths which only a couple of people end up sitting in leaving no room for anyone else. You sort of end up standing at the door listening with about 4 or 5 other people. Like I said though I really like this place it is an inexpensive and fun thing to do on a rather mondane evening.
4	Good seating area  ! Great comics ! Waitresses were also on good timing
5	This place is a gem. I'm now living in Boston and we've struggled to find a good place to go for comedy. We've visited NYC and tried a few there and everything fails to meet our expectations after going to college in Madison.Comedy Club on State is by-far the best stand-up comedy club I've ever gone to. Comedians are excellent. It's in a great space with very comfortable seating. Big drink selection with excellent service. The waitresses come by the perfect amount of times and somehow manage to not interrupt your enjoyment of the show.I've only attended for their main stage shows, so I don't have any feedback on the other acts they host during the week. We'll be going to Comedy Club on State every time we visit Madison. My favorite show was one year when we went to a women's night with all female comedians. That was very fun and different! For the first time, there was some humor that I got that my boyfriend didn't rather than the other way around. :)
4	$2 dollar cover and no drink minimums to boot? Sign me up! Came here on a Wednesday night for open mic night, and was treated to a number of acts from the standup scene in Madison.The jokes were exactly what you'd expect from a comedy club: Raunchy, over-the-line, offensive, etc... Now I know that while not for everyone, it is good to throw away your inhibitions once in a while and just laugh. And this place will do just that. So please keep your political correctness out the door when you come, because trust me, these aren't your knock knock jokes. Once in a while, someone goes a bit too far, and an awkward silence settles over the crowd. The good thing is that they sell alcohol, decently cheap ones at that, so there'll usually be one slightly drunk dude laughing his ass off during the awkward silences.
5	Love this comedy club- not a fan of their 2 drink minimum but glad there isn't a $$ minimum per table. It's is always PACKED when we go...just a testament that they have performers that are funny as f*%#&!!!!! ;) Even the "opening acts" have all been awesome!!!
5	Great comedians at a good price. Drinks are a little pricy but beer is average priced. Always a fun.
4	I took my wife out last night to the comedy club on state and had a blast.  I suggest seeing who the comedians are on YouTube before you go. This helped my wife and I fit our style of comedian.  We had gone a couple of times before without research and were disappointed.
5	Really, Really had a great time. Great service, great host and great headliner...December 13th I think.The only short-coming was the feature (lead in for headliner) that was from Florida.  He kept complaining how frickin' cold it was outside --- after the second time - the crowd seemed to collectively say 'yeah, we get it - we're from WI and we know it is cold...move on buddy'....things seemed flat for him after that.Great service, good crowd, excellent drink menu (variety) and great host.Nice place - thanks for the laughs!
4	We went with a group of 12 and had a blast. Usually for large groups you need to pre pay or order online. I have never had a problem getting a group in the afternoon before but plan ahead if you have people coming from out of town as much as you can. Online ticket ordering is way easier than playing phone tag because there are not always people there during the day. The have an answering machine and call you back within an hour or two most of the time.I had a martini that I thought was pretty good but my husband had a old fashion that he wasn't too impressed with. There is a two drink minimum per person with admission. Soda can be bought as part of the minimum. There are some pretty good beers on tap and in bottle also. I would give the drinks a 3 star.The comedians we have seen there have all been good to great! We have gone about 6-7 times and have never been disappointed in the talent. I am not sure if it makes a difference but we have only gone on Saturday nights. Might be something to consider.
4	I had a 5 star time!  Amazing!  This was my first time and I went with three other people.  The weird part?  They say get there first because there will be a long line.  Tickets are not guaranteed.  We paid an extra dollar online for a Friday night show and there was no line about 20 minutes before the show.  There does not seem to be a terrible seat in the house.  The show is not too long but still a really good set up.  There were three performers.  It was amazing because you could meet them and chat with them after the show. Here is why they lost a star.  I do not mind the two drink minimum.  However, I do mind automatically applying a tip.  It is annoying.  I was with a total of four people.  We did not have complex drink orders.  I generally tip 20-30%.  This time, I added nothing more to the automatically applied gratuity of 18%.  Please do not nickel and dime when your menu says that you only add that gratuity to large groups.   The drinks are decent and are fairly prices.  Get pitches of beer and try the cocktail specials.
5	My favorite place in Madison. I've been there many times and it's always a blast. I've never been disappointed. I most recently saw Ben Kronberg and the show was amazing as always. Great staff,  great comedians, and great drinks.
1	What a rip off. Went as part of the madison comedy festival to see Margaret Cho.  Paid extra for vip tix and still had to wait in line. When seated, told we had to sit back to front, so I would be unable to talk or sit next to my friend. When we moved to sit side by side we were told we could not. We were then moved out of vip seating even though I paid extra. And was told I was the only person to have a problem sitting as I was told. Think that you buy a ticket to a show you're done? Wrong! You still have to comply with a 2 drink minimum! Will avoid this place at all costs in the future! The actual show went great, just the management needs work.
4	My husband and I came here for a date night and I am so glad we did! Since we bought our tickets online,  we were VIP (LOL) and were sat right away. However, we were sat at this little rinky-dink table with another couple! I mean, this table was meant for two people,  but they packed four people AND their drinks at it. It didn't help that the other couple was unfriendly and the girl was bitchy. I was hoping to have our own table. Anyway, our server was OKAY. She gave me the wrong bill twice which was super annoying. The comedians and the DJ were hilarious. I would definitely come back here if I could get my own table next time.
