5	Extremely professional. We used AZ Elite Transportation recently and the staff was on time, courteous, and friendly. The pricing is great too! Highly recommended.
5	I was so incredibly impressed with AZ Elite Transportation that I wanted to share my experience with other Yelpers around the valley :)I decided to try out this transportation company based on word of the mouth from some of my closet friends. My boyfriend & I wanted a to have a special "night on the town" and did not want to have to worry about who would be the sober driver. As much as we like flipping a coin for who will be the night's DD, we were very excited to have a fun, carefree night. So at 6 p.m. our driver, Chris, picked us up- He was right on time! Like always, I was running a few minutes behind but Chris was happy to wait for us while I finished getting ready. Right away, we were very impressed by not only the stylish, sparkling-clean SUV we would be cruising the town in, but by our driver's professional demeanor & great personality.  We had dinner reservations across town; our driver got us to our destination quickly but more importantly, safely. After dinner, our driver was ready and waiting for us to go out to some bars & nightclubs. Based on his recommendations, we checked out a few "happening" spots in the area- We had a blast! At the end of the night, we met Chris right out front of the nightclub. He had chilled waters & mints waiting for us. (Great touch! We were thirsty!) He, also, had obviously listened to me earlier in the night when I said I loved Pitbull because when I got back in the vehicle he had downloaded a Pitbull play list that we jammed to on the car ride home.Overall, my boyfriend & I really did have the perfect night on the town and I can honestly say it was all thanks to AZ Elite Transportation!! THANK YOU!
5	I decided to use this company for my husband's birthday night and am so glad I did! There was a group of us going out for the night around to different venues in Scottsdale and didn't want to walk, pay for cabs, or drive.  My husband and all of our friends loved it!  The vehicle was awesome and we felt as though we were riding in style!  They gave us a good price and it was worth every penny.  My birthday is coming up and we are planning on using this company again for my birthday! =)
5	I travel to the airport frequently for work. I also have a TON of luggage - equipment we use for presentations, laptops, white boards, heavy and odd shaped luggage. In the past I used those blue shuttles, but they were inconsistent and sometimes would have too many other passengers and not enough room for my luggage, on the way to and from the airport, which has caused me to lose flights, so...I asked around about private transportation, and a friend recommended AZ Elite. I wish I'd known about them sooner. He picks me up right on time, every time. He loads the luggage, and then makes sure he unloads it to the outside at the check-in, or to a porter, if I request it. He makes leaving for the airport a million times less stressful than it used to be.When I come home - if the flight is early, if the flight is late - he's always at the baggage carousel waiting. He loads up all of the baggage so I don't have to haul it out to the curb, which is one of the best parts of this service. I'm usually tired and stressed, but the calm of home that used to wash over me once I got to my house, now washes over me once I, and my stuff, are loaded into the car.Being met at the baggage claim by someone who is going to take care of everything, it's the best welcome home I can ask for. This is, without a doubt, the best way to travel, at least while I'm on the ground.
5	I was able to get a ride the same time I called in.  My driver was right on time, courteous, and enjoyable.  Don't waste you time or money with group shuttles or cabs.
5	I called AZ Elite Transportation for an airport pickup at PHX. The driver who picked me up was curtious and on time. He was attentive to road conditions and did not look at his cell phone the entire ride which I have found problems with other companies. I travel back to AZ often and have used multiple other services, and AZ Elite Transportation stands out above the others.  I would have to recommend this service; no complaints
5	Some girlfriends and I were in old town one night and we took one of the "gypsy" cabs home by mistake and got charged up the back end by a man that could not speak English and took us around in loops. The next week we called Chris with AZ ELite. I will never take another car service home! Chris was polite, punctual, knew the city well, and he is safe! If you ever need a car service this is the one to take... thank you so much Chris!!
5	The boys and I wanted to meet up in Phoenix and do some partying. After a quick internet search we saw all the great reviews and decided to give AZ Elite a try. It worked out perfect for us. No DD rock,paper, scissors game to be played. Like others noted the vehicles were clean and our driver, Chris was  very personable. Everyone had a blast and made it home safe. Oh and the best part is the price. Try this service and you will not regret it.
5	We first tried AZ Elite Transportation with a Groupon back in August. We were going to the airport for the first time with our baby and had A LOT of stuff (stroller, portable crib, luggage). Chris from AZ Elite was early and was great about getting us and our precious cargo to the airport on time. Upon our return he was there on time and made our experience great.We used AZ Elite again to go to a restaurant in Scottsdale, our first night out alone in months. Once again Chris was on time and got us there and back with no problem. We are happy to recommend AZ Elite Transportation. It is a big step up from an unpredictable cab and better than most other car services in town.
1	My mother was looking forward to celebrating her birthday and having fancy transportation. So she was thrilled when Deal Chicken offered round trip transport and made a reso 2 MONTHS in advance. However when we went to confirm with Chris, he informed us that he had ignored our reservation since we did not have an exact destination. We should have been informed of our cancellation instead of finding out 2 days before our big night out. Please do not use this company as there are plenty of others that can offer great customer service and are neither rude nor short with their paying customers!
5	Best car service in Arizona. They're the only company we use and I highly recommend them.
5	Just got home from a business trip.  AZ elite was prompt picking me up at the airport!  Much easier than all the shuttle services I have used in the past.
5	Chris was great.  He provided us with prompt, courteous service to and from the airport.  He called both days prior to our pick up to confirm.  I will use him in the future and would highly recommend his service.
5	My wife and I had a night out and enjoyed the service of AZ Elite Transportation. Our driver and Chris (also the owner) was absolutely awesome. He was early, courteous, friendly, had water for us, and the car was immaculate. We learned that the business is local, and that they've been working hard over the years to build it up. Another great reason to support AZ Elite Transportation. We take car services quite often, and we highly recommend AZ Elite Transportation to make certain you stay smart and safe when you're having a night out.
5	So 10 of us girls were flying out to Scottsdale for a bachelorette party.  I needed car service to take our group from the airport to our hotel and then from the hotel back to the airport a couple of days later when everyone was flying back home.  I called some places a few days before our trip and have to say that I picked AZ Elite because (1) Chris is very easy to talk to and (2) gave the best quote for what I needed.When we got picked up at PHX, Chris was on time, and was very knowledgeable about places we could eat and visit and the Scottsdale nightlife.  (All super helpful things for myself and my group considering we didn't know much of anything about Scottsdale).Overall, my experience was fantastic.  I highly recommend AZ Elite to anyone - if I ever make it out of Scottsdale again, I wouldn't go to any other car service company.
5	After looking for a transportation/town car company for days (calling companies looking for them to answer their phone or return my call), I hit the jackpot when I called AZ Elite Transportation. They answered my call the first time I called, I booked my appointment with them, and from there I didn't have to think twice about it. I hired them for the day for my sisters wedding. They picked us up on time, accommodated all our requests and got us to the wedding safely. They have awesome customer service (nice tunes in the car, water for you, and lively staff that you can trust). I already have my next appointment scheduled with them. Thank you AZ Elite Transportation for providing wonderful service in the Phoenix area!
5	I travel for business and have used many services for transportation. This is now the third time I've used AZ Elite and all were great experiences. On time, clean vehicle , courteous drivers, and very helpful with ideas for my Italy trip. Ill use them from now on!!!!!!
5	We used AZ Elite Transportation for a concert. The vehicle was very nice and clean, the driver was very professional and personable, and they were on time! This is the only car service company I will use in Arizona! Excellent service, great price and so easy to book. This is as good as it gets!
5	Very pleased with the service I received from this company. Arrived on time. Extremely professional driver. Would recommend to anyone.
5	AMAZING service! The best in Arizona!!!!1
5	Had a great time with these guys, very professional and money well spent. Would recommend to anyone I know. Thanks AZ ELITE, My night will never be forgotten.
5	I used this company once, I had a great time, driver was very polite and helpful. the car was clean and they provided us with bottles of cold water, the guy who took my reservation asked me how many people? I just told him 2 with  my 4 years old daughter, when the driver picked us up they have a car seat ready for my child, it was so nice of them to do so. I will use this company again.
5	We used this company for our wedding. It was wonderful. The driver showed up EARLY and waited for us to make our exit. The driver was very friendly, but was sure not to talk too much! We made it from our venue to hotel in record time with no hassles. They made the entire process so easy and stress free, and that's exactly how you want to end your wedding day!
5	My wife and I decided last minute to have a night out on the town.  We called AZ Elite Transportation to see if they could accommodate our last minute request.  Chris, the owner, was quick to respond.  He showed up 15 minutes early with an extremely clean Escalade.  Chris was very professional and friendly.  He even had cold drinks waiting for us when we got in the car.  Their name says it all, "Elite"..  Thanks Chris, we had a fun, safe night thanks to you and your service!!
5	What an amazing company!!! I have kissed a few car service frogs before finding my prince. They call to confirm the day before all appointments. Every car I've had the pleasure of being driven in has been immaculate. Drivers are always professional: opening doors, providing cold waters, speaking when spoken to and staying silent when expected. I wouldn't touch another car service in AZ with a ten foot pole. Check them out!!!
5	We used Az Elite Transportation for a night out on the town. The  Escalade was very clean and comfortable. The driver showed up on time and was very friendly. We will definitely use this company again, and I highly recommend them when you don't feel like driving.
5	We have used AZ Elite  several times for bringing us to and from the airport and they are always awesome. Clean cars, always cold bottled waters, professional drivers. They even took us down to Tucson and back to attend a UofA football game and it was an amazing time. Highly recomnended
5	Wonderful car service! We use AZ Elite Transportation every time we come to Arizona! Our driver drove us to the ASU vs UA game in Tucson, and we arrived early in our very comfortable luxury car! Very safe!
