5	Becca did an amazing job helping me find a house in a tough market. Becca went above and beyond and even came with me on New Year's Eve to sign an offer! I would highly recommend her!!
5	I have referred several clients to Becca to assist in their real estate needs.  She is very knowledgeable, offering various services someone who is looking for a new residence and for someone who is looking to create a portfolio of investment properties.  Becca's first concern is for her client and she goes to great lengths to ensure that her clients' objectives are met and that they are happy.  I highly recommend Becca to anyone looking to buy or sell a home in the Phoenix, Area.
1	Save yourself time and sanity and avoid Becca at all cost. She is by far hands down the worst Realtor my family and I have dealt with. She is not here to help you when its  convenient for you, but for her. I have made several complaints about her rude and unethical ways with no avail, so writing this review to hopefully save a few people from making a horrible mistake and working with Becca. I could go on for pages about her and over the top rudeness an argumentative personality but I'll spare the details and your time. There is an entire fleet of nice/professional Realtors to chose from just don't make the same mistake as so many others an choose this rotten one. good luck.
5	I've used Becca for both renting my property and for purchasing other properties.  I have found her to be on-time, knowledgeable, courteous and receptive. Angela K
5	I came on here to leave Becca a positive review and was SHOCKED to read the negative ones posted. I can't believe we're even talking about the same realtor because my experience with her has been amazing.Becca helped my husband and I find a rental home when we needed it. The listing agent was terrible to work with but Becca stayed positive and on top of things every step of the way. Once we got into the home, we began experiencing issues w/ the property manager (we should have known, she's just a weird lady). But Becca has been a wonderful resource for me. I call or email Becca and get a response right away. She gives me advice, answers my questions, and has even called the property manager on my behalf, all things she does not need to do but still does. As my husband and I begin looking for a home to buy, Becca has been wonderful to work with as well. There was 1 day my husband and I could go view houses unexpectedly and Becca made it work- she cleared her schedule so she could make it work for us. Becca has a very honest approach... She's going to answer questions truthfully and not just tell someone what they want to hear. My theory is that maybe some people don't want this or don't like this about her... but for me, it's a quality I respect and cherish because I know she's steering me right. Becca has been a great realtor for me and Michael!
5	I agree with Kelsa D.  I can't imagine why someone would would write anything negative about Becca.  She was wonderful in helping me look for a house and helped me get excellent tenants for my rental.
5	I wanted to take a minute to update my review now that we've officially closed on our house. I look back over the past few months (we requested a long close) with Becca as our realtor and I honestly can't think of even one negative or one piece of constructive criticism. I am so incredibly happy with my experience and I want everyone to know it! Becca's knowledge and extensive experience is definitely her strength. She was able to educate us and explain every possible outcome at each phase so that we were prepared no matter what. She would say, "We're going to request X and you can expect A, B, or C to happen." And since I'm a planner, I would then make her explain to me what the next steps could possibly be for each of those outcomes too! I never felt bad for asking "stupid" questions. I never once felt like I was bothering her. I never once felt as if she was talking down to me or was not being completely honest and transparent with her thoughts and advice. The sellers agreed to make a number of repairs and Becca was on top of them every step of the way. I never had to ask, "So where are we at with things?" She would email or communicate with me before I ever had to inquire. I had no doubt she was on top of things from the minute we began house hunting. I had the utmost confidence in her and it made the whole process easy and stress-free.We had a number of contractors meet us at the house pre-close to begin gathering bids for some work we wanted done. There was a couple miscommunications ON MY END and TWICE I called Becca and said, "Umm...I'm at the house w/ a contractor right now, any chance you can come let us in?" She lived 20 minutes away yet she didn't hesitate to meet me at the house. She was a lifesaver more than once.I cannot recommend Becca enough as a realtor. Our home purchase will always be remembered as such a positive experience thanks to Becca!
5	Becca Linnig has served as property manager for our elderly father's investment property in Scottsdale since 2012. Becca has been an exceptional partner. She's knowledgeable, responsive and extremely diligent in her follow-through. Although we are across the country, we rest easy knowing that we have her on our side not only for marketing the rental, but also for ensuring that it is properly yet cost-effectively maintained. To her credit, Becca has even gone "above and beyond" by checking in on our father (who lives in Phoenix) when we have been concerned about how he's doing. We really cannot recommend her highly enough, and are truly baffled by the negative reviews on this site. Either those individuals have unreasonable expectations, or they caught her on a bad day or during an abnormally busy period. Based on our 2+ years of experience, we give her two big thumbs up and recommend her unequivocally!
