5	Crepes, desserts, wine. I never got a chance to visit Carmon's while it was still a greasy spoon diner, but the manager said people come into the new Carmon's, look at the menu, and leave. I guess they weren't expecting local goat cheese buckwheat crepadillas.Oh, and the host's antique sled podium near the fancy peacock stained glass light fixture is pretty.
4	I came here for brunch on a Sunday with my bf, and we had a pretty good meal. I'd been hoping to check this place out for a while, as it's located just three blocks from my apartment and I'd read good things about it. The food is French, mostly crepes, and pretty tasty. We started with the pate appetizer, which came with cornichons, sweet onion relish, old-style mustard, and baguette: no complaints, it was very tasty. I then had the special French toast, which came with peaches: for some reason I expect fresh peaches, but they were canned. Still, it was pretty good. My bf got one of their loaded savory crepes, which had cheese, ham and a few other things, and I believe he liked it. We also had two glasses of French hard apple cider: delicious.So the food was pretty good (but I still want to give it a try for dinner), and the service was also very friendly. Not too much of an ambiance, but it's still a good place to go.
5	The steak frites are the best I've ever had, so I had them twice.  I did manage to not order the frites on my third visit and the creamed spinach crepe was great, with mushrooms, bacon, AND chicken.  The wine and beer lists are also extensive and interesting.I can't wait to go back to try more of the menu!I also must say that the atmosphere is adorable - from the the beautiful old bar, to the old player piano scrolls on the walls, and even the his and hers bathrooms - Carmon's is the perfect French Bistro.
4	I am pretentious and I love pretension.  Carmon's offers pretension and delicious taste all at once.  I came in for brunch this morning, and loved the atmosphere, the overdone fin-de-siecle details, and....the crepes.I had a delightful buckweat crepe filled with eggs and bacon that was far more classy than a savoury breakfasty thing had any right being.  I was also incredibly nervous as I was sitting with a Harvard professor and talking about Woodrow Wilson, or perhaps just from the very strong double espresso they whipped up here.  Speaking of coffee, if you get a chance, order a cup of regular filter coffee.  They'll pour you a refill from a ginormous metal coffee urn that looks like it was filched from Scheherezade's palace.  No, seriously, it does.  Or from Toulouse LaTrec (at least the John Leguizamo version).Well worth a trip for brunch.
3	We went to Carmon's for Sunday brunch and the place was packed!  So packed, in fact, that the service suffered noticeably.  Our server (who also happens to be the owner) was very short with us.  I know you are busy, but if you're not ready to take our order I'd rather you wait until you can give us a full 30 seconds than be barked at.  The decor is amazing, however.  I can't believe it's the same Carmon's.  And I know this is a silly thing but the sink in the ladies' restroom is just about the neatest sink I have ever seen in my life.  All of that said and I still haven't mentioned the food--not a good sign.  Don't get me wrong, our meals were enjoyable, but this is no Cafe Luna.Oh, and a little tip from me to you: don't order any champagne!  It seems regardless of which one you choose, you will end up with a 10 dollar glass that tastes like it came in a 10 dollar bottle.
3	I love crepes and I expected pricey and gourmet.  But I was disappointed here...I dined here alone in the evening on a Tuesday night, anticipating a scrumptious meal and some comfortable alone time.  Well, I got the alone time, not so much the scrumptious meal.  I wanted a cheese stuffed egg-y crepe but I got a dried out buckwheat tortilla.  Too bad.The $7 side salad was lovely.  And the Amish Ham and Gouda cheese were good, but the actual crepe....so disappointing.  If you're going to call yourself a creperie...don't serve a dried out tortilla and call it a crepe.
4	A nice change of pace for brunch--simple selections done well.  We had the creamed spinach w/bacon, scrambled eggs w/gruyere & ham, and the sausage gravy crepe, which worked surprisingly well.  We especially loved the complimentary bread with butter with smoked sea salt---delicious.  The escargots were quite good as well.Also love the decor--the ad for pre-mixed martinis in the bathroom made me laugh out loud.
2	Kind of an odd experience eating here.  The menu is extremely limited, and the crepes are made of buckwheat, which is not a good thing.  Some of the ingredients are very good and very high quality, such as local artisan cheeses, while others are very low quality, such as rubbery eggplant and frozen fruit.  Everything was either really, really good or really, really bad.  For the prices they charge, I expect EVERYTHING to be really, really good, so I doubt I'll ever be back.Service was fantastic, though our server was wearing a shirt cut so low that we could see the little bow on the front of her bra.  It was pretty trashy for the otherwise very nice atmosphere.  The portions are tiny, especially considering the prices.  I had a salad, entree, and dessert and would've left pretty hungry had I skipped the dessert.  Some of the food is quite enjoyable, and all of it would improve substantially if they used regular crepes instead of the buckwheat.  I really liked what I dub "the world's smallest salad," and I would've enjoyed it even more if the tiny little thing hadn't cost more than a full entree does at many other restaurants in town.  A lot of the food, including the crepes themselves, seem to be made ahead of time and warmed up instead of being made fresh.  I think a lot of dishes are microwaved based on the funky texture and uneven temperature, which was very off putting.  The peach crepe I got for dessert was warm and wonderful around the edges, but by the time I got to the middle of it the peaches were still frozen.  So, bad ingredients + bad microwaving = $7 dessert.  No thanks.Beer selection is good, but also very overpriced.  Overall, while some of the food was quite delicious, I feel like I didn't get enough of it for how expensive everything was, and some of it was pretty bad.  I think this might be a good place to go just for drinks and dessert or something, but as a dinner destination I wouldn't recommend it.
4	Carmon's Creperie released their new lunch menu yesterday, and we had the great pleasure of being there to sample it!As always, options are really creative, but more importantly, delicious! Three of us tried the Scrambled Eggs Crepe with sausage, the Creamed Spinach Crepe with bacon and caramelized onions and the Hamburger crepe...you heard me, a Hamburger crepe!  All portions were generous, perfectly cooked and quick to the table. The scrambled eggs were really tasty, light and the perfect brunch... they would go so well with the House Signature Bloody Mary. The creamed spinach was smooth, sophisticated and rich. The hamburger crepe intrigued me on the menu, and I was suspicious of it, but I have learned to trust the excellent chef at Carmon's so I knew if it was on the menu, it must be good. And it was. It came with house fries which are to die for, and the crepe itself had all the flavors and textures of a hamburger, but with an Excellent pattie... this is now my favorite burger in town! Carmon's have also announced a very nicely priced Wednesday night Crepe/Wine flight for $28...reservations at 217 352 5880
5	Carmon's has quickly become one of my favorite eateries in C-U.It is HANDS DOWN the best Seafood in the city... which I am STILL surprised about! I mean, it's a creperie, right? You would think the 'fine-dining' (parentheses intended) establishments in this city could do better, and especially the sushi bars... but NO! The fish special is worth having EVERY time you go. The Seafood St Jacques crepe is also consistently amazing. I am such a huge fan.
5	I can't stop yelping this place... Carmon's impresses me EVERY single time. We went for the Wednesday Tasting ($28pp) tonight... which is 4 tastings of wine with 4 tastings off the menu or especially created. I am stuffed, and stuffed with amazing food. I know some people say the portions are small at Carmon's, but if you eat normal, healthy portions, it is perfect. If however you normally eat the entire buffet, or a whole fried onion and a massive Rib-eye steak, then it may not be enough for you. If you enjoy amazing quality food, simple fresh ingredients, cooked perfectly for a reasonable price (SO much cheaper than in a big city) then this is your place. Did I mention the totally funky cool decor and friendly staff? I don't understand what is wrong with Buckwheat crepes? I love them. I personally love not being overwhelmed with a plate piled with cheap 'filler' ingredients. and that is what they avoid.
2	I have mixed feelings about Carmon's.  I have only been there once, so I should probably give it another chance.  While there I ordered the escargot appetizer - and they were very gritty (probably not their fault, but still not enjoyable).  For dinner, I had some kind of ham crepe, and I thought it was horrible.  I could not even eat it...and I am not the type of person to not eat my food!  However, I am in LOVE with their dessert crepes - specifically the bananas foster crepe.  It was absolutely amazing!  I highly recommend ordering this item!
4	The first time I ate here I wasn't too impressed but when I ate here the other day I was blown away. The beef stroganoff crepe was out of this world, the taste of red wine and mushrooms was ever so slight yet in perfect proportion to the overall taste. And the coffee was probably the most delicious cup of joe I've ever had. The mrs loves the baguette french toast and the bloody marys are outstanding as well. The smoked salt that is used to flavor the butter is also spectacular.  There is an amazing amount of flavor packed into each grain of salt. Very cool. Overall, I highly recommend Carmon's for breakfast.
1	this place is an absolute joke. it's extremely overpriced ($12 for a solo ham and cheese crepe? you have got to be kidding me), the menu is extremely limited, and the food is just plain not up to par. seriously--if you're going to try to make a place 'hip' or upscale and charge those kinds of prices, you've got to make the experience worth it. i honestly don't know what the people raving about this place are talking about when it comes to the most delicious food they've ever had. the crepe i had was waaaay too salty, and their bloody marys tasted like they were made of pickle juice. neither i nor the person i was dining with were impressed, and, needless to say, we won't be showing up again.
5	Carmon's is the restaurant gem hidden away in Champaign. I go there with my girlfriend to eat steak and crepes. The food has been consistently good, and their specials are always interesting.The menu is small, but for Carmon's, this is a good thing since everything on the menu is delicious. I particularly like the steak and fries, and my girlfriend often gets the beef stroganoff crepe.The waitstaff are very talkative and interesting people, and make the place seem very friendly. It gives a pleasant atmosphere to the place.Overall if you're looking for good steak and good crepes, you can't beat Carmon's in Champaign.
4	The food was very tasty although the portions are not large enough for a typical American belly. The place is clean and kind of cool with friendly service. A great place to take your parents.
4	Great little place!  The street is kind of dark and sketchy, but then you see the neon sign for Carmon's.  I went here in the evening after a long day of class with a great friend.  We shared a dessert Crepes dish called Crepes Suzette made with oranges, orange liquor, and homemade whipped cream (oh my goodness...there's something about places that whip their own cream...).  Anyways, I definitely forget the name of the dish.  Most of the dishes here have French names, which I am totally ok with until I have to remember what they were called.  ;-)  Anyways, delicious.  I also had some coffee which was obviously fresh-brewed.  They have a little espresso bar; my companion got a double espresso.  The waitress was kind and attentive and the atmosphere was laid back.  I will certainly come back and update this review!**A special thanks to Matthew L. for helping with this review!
2	Carmon's is a dingy little restaurant that has cute "authentic" touches here and there - fans that look like jet engines, mismatched salt and pepper sets, crappy paper menus shoved onto a clipboard, an antique cash register - but their menu lacks a certain something. I came here with my mom for Sunday brunch, and I was told beforehand that there is minimal waitstaff and apparently only one cook in the kitchen. So I expected slow service.What I didn't expect was crappy service, with the two waitresses serving everyone else before me and my mom, serving people who came after us, completely ignoring us for twenty minutes to get our order, plopping our plates down in front of us, and then giving us the wrong check, one that was ten dollars more than what we actualy ordered.The food was standard. My mom had the ratatouille crepe which was okay, but sort of tasted "earthy" (read: like dirt), and my spinach crepe was drowning in creamed crap by the time I stuck my fork in it. And I asked for cheddar on top - what the hell? $2 for shitty American shredded cheese? My bad for expecting you to go out of your way to give me shavings of nice cheddar cheese. Don't expect me to come back here again. If I want to experience French food, I'll go somewhere guests are actually appreciated and the food doesn't take effing four hours to get to my table, while the owners and other waitresses mingle and act nice with people that look a certain type. No thanks.
5	Miss this place, and that cute lil redhead that works there too! :)Amazing Bloody Mary's.Really yummy french onion soup--it has a crepe in it!Beautiful ambiance...just adorable.
1	If you are looking for good authentic french food or a luxurious treat (as it should be with such ridiculous prices) you should stay far far away from Carmon's. This place definitely tries way too hard to be something its not. If not for prior knowledge of this place I would've classified it as a diner. Don't be confused by the menus (which are on shitty clipboards for some reason..) as a high price usually denotes high quality. This is not the case here. The ratatouille was one of the worst my gf has ever had, it tasted like dirt. You pay something like $20 for a pancake filled with questionable meat cooked in a microwave. The one thing that was good was the Crepe Suzette. It was a little too sweet but was a pleasant surprise after a meal of such low quality. The one thing that really pissed off our whole party and ruined the experience was the service. I have never seen a restaurant that hires waitresses this horrible. I mean the service we received was worse than even shitty diners on local highways.  First off, when we went in there were only 2 tables occupied other than us, and we went in with a party of 5. We were not given the large table for some reason, I guess they wanted to save it for parties of 6 or more, but there were very few people in the restaurant and it was way past the normal dinner time. The waitress pushed together one regular sized 2 person table and one small 2 person table designed for cocktails and such. The two tables didn't even fit the same length and there were two giant corners sticking out in the middle of our party. We were placed in the corner of the restaurant too. Its fine to save larger tables for larger parties but at 5 people we could definitely take up the 6 person table. Also there were almost no other guests in the restaurant so we felt pretty unimportant to be forced to sit on two childlike tables. The waitress also didn't serve us water at all but rather just threw down a giant water jug and told us to refill it ourselves. She then disappeared for the entire meal and came back only for the check. Now heres the good part: When the check came we felt like the mandatory 18% gratuity was unreasonable since we didn't know about it before and also we didn't feel like the service we received deserved any gratuity at all. When we told this to our waitress she totally flipped out and said (I quote), "Well we don't need your business then, go eat somewhere else, whatever" and stormed off into the kitchen. We asked for the manager nicely and he eventually came out, but it seemed like he was more annoyed than friendly. It took forever for him to come out since he was obviously hearing the waitress talk about us before coming in. He made some excuses and eventually offered us a discount on our next time back. Thanks but no thanks. We refuse to come to Carmon's ever again. We left the discount card on the table.
5	My favorite place to eat in Champaign. My usual meal is the hangar steak with their absolutely divine french onion soup, but everything else I've tried there has been excellent as well. Whether it's for brunch, lunch or dinner, I've yet to have a less than wonderful meal there, I've always had great service, and I love the ambiance.
2	We drove around C-U for awhile this past Saturday night, looking for a restaurant that didn't have a line out the door. As we passed Carmon's and noticed a sparsely populated dining room, we made our decision. Walking in, we had a good feeling. The ambiance is really nice - very shabby chic with some refined touches. We were asked if we had a reservation (strange, as the place was nearly empty). As we were lead to our table, we passed another party who'd gotten their food. I noted how small and plain their crepes appeared, but they seemed to be enjoying them. When we glanced at the extremely small menu (they have 6-7 appetizers and the same number of dinner crepes) with the extremely high-end prices, we were a bit taken aback. Our initial--and not unpleasant--waitress was replaced by a sloppily dressed older woman who looked like she hadn't smiled in decades. On top of it, she tended to bark more than speak (as in, she sounded like a heavy smoker getting over a cold), so we had trouble understanding her. We were more than confused...was this supposed to be a nice restaurant or a truck stop?My husband ordered an $8 bowl of french onion soup to start, and a customized dinner crepe for his main course ($13). I ordered a $13 ham and cheese crepe. Ten minutes elapsed and the waitress brought "bread" to the table, which consisted of the heel of a mini-baguette -- about half of what one would get with a bowl of soup at Panera. Another ten minutes or so went by and they brought out the soup, which was actually pretty good. My husband took his time with the soup, and probably didn't finish it for 10 or 15 minutes.Once they took his empty soup bowl away, the wait began. After about 20 minutes, the waitress came back over and assured us that our ticket had already been submitted, but she asked my husband what he ordered again and, this time, actually wrote it down. We were not encouraged. We probably did not get our food for another 20-30 minutes. And again, there were 2 other parties of 2 in the restaurant. With three line cooks and a chef in the kitchen, you'd think they could make two crepes in less time, considering that crepes are almost fast food in Europe. While we waited, no one came to update us. No one even looked at us. The owner is a tall, smug man who seems to do nothing but talk on the phone and walk around drinking wine and/or coffee. He socialized with another table whom he clearly knew, but took no notice of the other diners in the restaurant or the fact that their tables had been empty for half an hour.When the crepes finally arrived they were, as we'd witnessed, pretty insubstantial. For $13, you get a crepe the size of a slice of Wonderbread. I agree with the other reviewer about the buckwheat -- it really took away from the meal both in taste and appearance (they serve them on these brown plates that are almost the same color as the crepes...pretty unappetizing). Mine was unevenly heated and very salty. My husband says his was decent.Since we were ravenous by the time we got our food, it didn't take us long to finish it. The waitress eventually came back and, without a word, took our plates away. My husband attempted to ask for dessert menus, but she was already walking away from us, so his question was ignored. We did get dessert menus a few minutes later, and the dessert prices were no better than the entrees. I got a $8 Nutella crepe, but my husband refused to pay for dessert what he should have paid for dinner. We each ordered coffee, which took about 10 minutes to bring out. We wouldn't have necessarily minded this, except the owner helped himself to a cup of coffee and walked right past us as we were waiting for ours. The dessert crepe came much more quickly than dinner had, and was fine, but there's not much you can do to mess up a Nutella crepe. I will say that the buckwheat was too heavy for the rich filling. I don't know why they couldn't have used white flour. With non-alcoholic drinks, our bill came to $50, on which we left a minimal tip. We were there for almost two hours, and when we left, the dining room was still empty, save for two couples and a guy sitting at the bar who was obviously a friend of the owner. We were both really disappointed in this local eatery, and I can't imagine going back.
5	So we've started coming back here over and over, mostly for dessert, but for the occasional breakfast.  I'm glad to say that I've tried all of their crepes by now, and the Orange Suzette is still my favorite!  You definitely have to bring out the pocketbook, but the food is quality.  Enjoy!
3	I went here in search of a crepe with Nutella and I got a really good crepe. I wouldn't exactly say this place is authentic French because you've got Americans cooking the food,  but my crepe was still good. It doesn't taste like the ones I had in France, Carmon's puts a twist on (or maybe it was just overcooked) theirs by making the crepe more firm. The whipped cream was also made fresh and delightful. The prices were horrid though.Crepes don't cost that much to make, so they're clearly overpricing here. Price is the only reason I won't come back so often.
5	Still love Carmon's!  In response to other reviews - I only go when I want to enjoy an evening, not a fast food experience.  The relaxed pace at Carmon's is probably the most French thing about the place.  That, and the buckwheat crepes remind me of my happiest afternoons in the Latin Quarter studying in Paris.  While I still order the steak frites, I have also branched out to quiches and desserts.  Delish!  Love how they keep in interesting.  Can't wait to go back.
4	This is a small, shabby-chic French restaurant serving simple french food.  The style of cooking is from the Brittany region of France (in the North) and hardier, less complex, and less delicate than the stereotypical French cuisine.  The menu is small is its a little more expensive than the average place in CU but the food we ate was tasty, filling, and a nice change.  I recommend the salmon starter and specials.  Service was relaxed and friendly but not slow.  My parents both enjoyed the coffee.
4	My husband and I really enjoyed the food here. The menu of crepes makes it a unique and fun place to go for dinner. I got the pulled pork crepe and my husband got the ham, apples, and gouda crepe. Both were excellent, although, mine was more packed with ingredients. We were too full to try dessert, but they looked amazing. I think we met the owner and he was the sweetest guy. Welcomed us to the city (since we recently moved here) and told us that we're family now.The food did take a bit longer than expected, but we like to think that was because it takes a while to make good, fresh food.
4	We went for dinner on a Sunday night. We were three of five customers in the restaurant, which was off-putting. I guess they only just started serving dinner as well as breakfast and lunch. It would be a really great dinner joint if they dimmed the lights a little and played some romantic French music (instead of Johnny Cash... a bit much for nighttime).The crepes were great. The service was great. Our server (#7? possibly the owner?) was quite jolly. I'll go again sometime.
4	I don't know how I missed this place during my brief stint in the C/U area. A group of us went for breakfast/brunch yesterday morning per recommendation from our friend who is a resident. It was an excellent choice and certainly unique. The waiter was comical and super friendly, and the service was perfect. I sampled the quiche and my own breakfast-esque version of a crepe. Both were delicious. I also enjoyed the complimentary bread & butter with roasted sea salt. The atmosphere is very chill, and we were moderately amused by the eclectic muzak and interesting decor. It seemed a tad bit pricey, but I'll certainly take it over the usual dining spots that serve a tasty and original breakfast.  Either way - I can honestly say that the next breakfast/brunch opportunity I have in Champaign will most likely lead me back to Carmon's.
4	Went here with some friends the other day and all I can say is YUMMY!  Excellent bread and smoked sea salt, I could have just eaten that and been happy :)  However, the quiche was amazing and service was excellent!!!
4	Went here for a weekend brunch with my boyfriend a few weeks ago now. There was a good amount of people at the restaurant, but enough room for a choice of tables when we were seated. The initial service lacked a little, I think we came in as everyones orders came out and they wanted to serve the food hot. I understand and we were happy to just talk and decide between ourselves for a few minutes. The rest of the service went well though and they were very friendly and helpful with suggestions for a first time customer such as myself. I ordered a creamed spinach crepe and added chicken to it, while my boyfriend ordered their special - a beef stroganoff crepe with two fried eggs on top. Both our crepes were delicious! The buckwheat crepes were equal parts crispy/firm and soft, making it easy to eat and cut, but not falling all over the plate. The spinach was creamed by them am bought fresh and I could tell by it's fresh taste. My bf had no complaints about the taste, but was still hungry and nibbled on my leftovers when he was done. All in all a great meal, albeit a little pricey to go all the time.
4	Love crepes! I've always eaten them as desserts with chocolate and banana nutella. I've been to Paris twice and make a point to eat them when I'm there, but these are pretty amazing! The lunch crepes are great, and you can even build your own. A lot of people complain about the price but I htink the ingredients are stellar and worth every penny. Not to mention, I love that you can see the kitchen, and the place is really cute and quaint. I definitely recommend at least trying it out!
5	Great place for a fancy breakfast. I love coming here for crepes, coffee, and a bloody mary if it's that kind of morning.
4	So I liked Carmon's.  I would assign it a few demerits, but mostly gold stars.  The wine was good, and only $17 for the entire bottle (being a chicagoan, that is unheard of).  We had pate, which was good, although not as fatty as one would expect of a french pate. We had a crepadilla...take a guess at what that is, it was sort of stupid.  The curried cauliflower soup was very good, escarole salad was great, fish of the day was excellent, ratatouille crepe was good.  I would like to try more crepes at a future visit. The main demerit was that the service was a bit awkward and it made me uncomfortable at times, but that could have been a result of it being a slow night.
4	Went back to the C/U this past weekend to visit old friends and haunts, and we returned to Carmon's for our post night out breakfast/brunch on Sunday.  Love this place.  My crepe, which consisted of egg, goat cheese, tomatoes, and chicken, was phenomenal.  I also sampled the french toast special as well as the spinach quiche, which was also quite delicious.  I have to give a shout out to our waiter, Grant, who we also had during the first visit.  He is an absolute hoot.  He definitely adds to the pleasurable experience.  I suspect we will return to Carmon's for brunch during our next visit.
4	We popped in on a Friday night around 7, after discovering every other restaurant was jammed. There were several tables available and both guys who waited on us were extremely friendly. The food trumped the service but that's not to say the service was bad. It was just very laid back and, well, French! I can't fault them for the table next to us being loud and drunk; I guess the wine must be good.The stroganoff crepe was delicious, as was the Nutella crepe for dessert. I tried the French onion soup, something I am a snob about, and it was excellent. I'd definitely go back -- when I've saved some more pennies.
5	Carmon's is a restaurant reminiscent of a small specialty restaurant in Europe.  It only does a few things, but it does those few things very well.  It is at its heart a creperie, and its crepes do not disappoint.  Whether you get a refreshing fruit crepe, or a delicious dinner crepe, either way, you receive a fantastically crafted meal.  One of my favorite things to do is to order a dinner crepe, then split one of the fruit crepes as a dessert.  From a guy's perspective, Carmon's is a perfect place for a date: great atmosphere, awesome food, and you get to show off your sophisticated and cultured ways.
2	The Food is Good but the Customer Service is awful.I went in with a group of my girlfriends for breakfast and the waiter was so unobliging. For example after ordering strawberry and peach french toast, I asked for strawberries on my french toast but peaches on the side (for my friend) - they came back with a mixture of strawberries and peaches on the side.I thought it was a simple mistake and asked them to fix and was told to pick out the strawberries and put them on myself. That was just one of many examples - After that the waiter basically ignored us the entire time and I had to get up and ask for condiments and refills on drinks.Not worth the hassle. Try Original House of Pancakes for Breakfast Instead
4	The service is wonderful. I have always been seated right away and the servers seem happy to help. They have a wonderful wine selection and the food is fabulous. They have a variety of crepes and quiches. There is always a special for the day. Today I had a wonderful goat cheese quiche. It was the special and came with a salad. Unfortunately, I had no room left for one of their delicious dessert crepes. Sometimes I just order the soup and a dessert crepe or goat cheese crepadillas with the dessert crepe. Yum.
5	LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! .....We had a super afternoon at Carmon's!  Mike the owner gave us amazing food, and great memories of a lifetime.....it was a culinary journey with mmmm mmmmm good french onion soup, warm crusty french bread and butter topped with black sea salt to start.We stumbled across Carmon's on our way from Chicago to New Orleans.  Myself, My Mom and My Grandma giggled our hearts out and smiled for three hours while we enjoyed dish after dish, including a rock star crepes Suzette dessert!Thank you Mike for the food, the music, laughs and a delightful afternoon that will go down in our  "BEST OF list"...of great memories and great everything!
4	Seafood St. Jacque crepe ftw. Expensive there but worth it for this incredible crepe.
