5	I feel like 5 stars isn't enough. We had such a wonderful time the other day during our round of golf at The Phoenician Golf Course. I will also mention that it topped out around 112 degrees that day as well, so keeping me happy all day wasn't an easy task.The summer rate is awesome, via Golfnow.com we got a tee time at 11:36 a.m. for only $35 (including tax) per person. It also included a cart and as many range balls as we could handle. Once we arrived I quickly remembered we were at one of the nicest resorts in Arizona. People around to help with anything and everything. When we got there the guy outside got our cart ready to go while we checked in with the shop inside. When we came back the clubs were set, he had loaded the ice chest with water (complementary) and ice, made sure we had everything we needed and sent us on our way. Not before letting us know that we could take our time at the range, as there weren't many people out today so we could tee off pretty much whenever we wanted. We hit a few balls then to the first tee we went. I didn't play any of the holes, I was the birthday boys caddy for the day. So basically I sat in the cart, in the shade, looked pretty and pulled the pin every now and then. They had no issue with me just riding along, and I didn't have to pay. So awesome! The course is beautiful! Looks just as immaculate as I'm sure it does during the cooler months. The views were amazing too! We played too 9 hole courses, Oasis and Canyon. Both awesome. Oasis has a lot of water around it and really lush and green. Canyon was further up the mountain a bit, great too look out on the city. The drink/snack cart chica came around several times, loaded us up withmore ice and water. We were very thankful for that!When we were finished, the golf dude washed his clubs and kept an eye on them while we went in to grab a cocktail at the bar. Thank you Phoenician! We will be back! maybe not when it's $250 a round, but we will be back.
5	Two words: summer rates. You can play at the best golf courses in town during the middle of the summer for mere pennies (if you can handle a little heat). The Phoenician golf course is spectacular and only around $35 in the summer. Now, I am not a seasoned golfer. In fact, I would barely call myself a newbie golfer. I am slowly but surely trying to learn, but my bf is a very seasoned golfer and he decided to take me to one of his favorite golf courses to help me learn the ropes of the swing. Everything about the Phoenician golf course is high-end, clean, friendly and an overall nice experience. Upon entering the golf facilities you have the option to visit Relish which is a delicious restaurant overlooking the first hole. You can also order cocktails at the bar to take with you on the course. The bathrooms are very nice as well and the pro shop is stocked full of binge purchases waiting for your wallet. The driving range has plenty of spots and buckets of golf balls waiting to be hit. I noticed a golf pro conducting lessons that looked appealing. After taking a few practice shots, we were on our way! There are two courses, one that goes through the dessert canyons and one that goes into the mountain more. Both courses are lovely and have several water features, nice views of Camelback Mountains and a nice outline that most any golfer would enjoy playing on. Now I just have to get better at golf so I can play these nice courses in the nicer weather months!
5	Beautifully manicured course that takes you out of the city. Hard to find a course in better or even equivalent condition as this course in the middle of August. Its worth the money!
4	This is a good 4 star golf course.  Definitely not comparable to Pebble Beach, Bandon Dunes or other 5 star golf courses.The course is fairly short at 6300 yards from the tips but the elevation changes and omnipresent water make the course challenging. I played the desert and canyon courses on my stay at the Phoenician.The dramatic tee boxes on several of the par 3's are magnificent.  The yardage may read 160 + but the tee box is so elevated that the hole only plays 90 yards.I like this course and would play it again when staying at the Phoenician resort.
4	Thanks to a GolfNow online steal of a deal, I spent the Saturday before Christmas playing one of the best golf courses in the Phoenix area.  Considering the competition and the fact it's a very short course by today's standards, that's saying something about this particular venue.  The Phoenician has three 9 hole tracks (the Oasis, Canyon and Desert).  All three are unusually short with any combination of the three not coming near 6,500 yards in length.  It's perfect venue for any short hitter needing that extra advantage over a long hitter.  Word of mouth seemed to suggest that the Desert (the newest) is the best of the three with the Oasis lagging significantly behind the other two.  From my experience, this is a gross oversimplification.  I played both the Canyon and Oasis courses and I can say quite definitely both are on par with each other.  Excluding the 8th and 9th holes, the Canyon offers a more desert golf experience while the Oasis gives the player the feel of south Florida.  Both courses, and I can only assume it applies to the Desert track, were immaculately manicured and offer some of the best photogenic golf eye candy in the area.  The tee boxes were cut perfectly for weekend play, the fairways were well defined, the rough playable and the greens fast and true.  The course and golfing experience aren't perfect here, though.  The clubhouse grill is priced to gouge even the Donald Trumps of the world (who charges $24 for a bacon and cheese sandwich with tator tots?) and the on-course service is priced similarly ($6 for Powerade??)   Add to this fact that playing this course is routinely priced to rival Wildfire, Troon North and Greyhawk and the TPC courses.  Are these tracks worth paying over $100 to play during the peak season?  For both locals and snowbirds, I'd have to answer that with a no.  It's a phenomenal layout with beautiful vistas but the fact remains you can get on courses in Phoenix of equal value or, in some cases, better (Vista Verde) value for less than half of what the the Phoenician charges for greens fees during the peak months.  I highly recommend playing the Phoenician but don't go broke doing so...
5	What a course. I always remember how fun it is to play but somehow forget how amazing the views are. 4 of us played Desert and Canyon at 3pm on Monday, and it never really got too hot. Being along the mountain you get a slight breeze and its just enough to keep you going. I must say, as difficult as some of the holes are to play your first time around, Desert had some of the most enjoyable holes in Scottsdale/Phoenix I have seen. I will definitely be back and if you are just visiting the area and only have time for one round, this course could be the one.
2	I am a local who grew up on this course. I have watched it's steady decline, but have to say that the last two years it has declined tremendously. As a Troon managed course, this is surprising as I think that Troon normally does a good job with upkeep. The positives - the 3 courses (Desert, Canyon, and Oasis) are on  and around Camelback Mountain which is a beautiful setting. There are some fun, elevated tee boxes and the mountain foothill topography creates some interesting challenges. The negatives- By far the biggest negative is that there is no sand in any of the sand traps. You cannot hit a normal sand shot as you will skull it. You are forced to hit sand shots like pitch shots which isn't great. On several of the holes, the sprinkler water has mixed with the mud at the low point of the trap to form a mud bog (completely inexcusable for a Troon course). This would be such an easy fix yet they continue to ignore customer feedback and not pour new sand.  Pace of play is also not tracked very well (Rangers non-existent) which is a change from what was normally practiced there. Sorry to say it, but the municipal course Papago (at a fraction of the cost during high season) is now a better kept, more enjoyable course at this time. This however could be changed with some effort from the Phoenician staff. This could and should be one of the top resort courses in the Valley.
5	It's no secret that I love golf.  Since moving to Scottsdale a few years ago, it's been my mission to play the best golf courses in the State.  This is one of them.This golf course offers great golf and spectacular views of Scottsdale, Paradise Valley, and Arcadia.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-phoenician-golf-club-scottsdale?select=uW2XoiNCrLWknLLC-c633A#uW2XoiNCrLWknLLC-c633Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-phoenician-golf-club-scottsdale?select=NX-A5D-BEmNtcIQFc3MbvQ#NX-A5D-BEmNtcIQFc3MbvQIt was a rainy day when I played this course....but despite the bad weather, it was still a great round of golf.  The course is well kept and drained the water well.  The greens and fairways were in great shape and we still had a ton of fun.After golf, we had lunch and drinks at the Relish Burger Bistro on the 2nd floor of the clubhouse (separate review).Overall, this is a fun place to play.  I can't wait to play it again on a nicer day.Return Factor - 100%
5	Of all the courses here in Scottsdale, this is the one that I frequent the most! First, the scenery is amazing when golfing around Camelback Mountain. A few of the holes are extremely elevated and make for a fun round. Next, the outside service is great. They are always kind and do a great job getting me started. Last, they have 3 different nine hole courses which's make it a different experience often.
5	If you are looking for a golf experience with some of the most beautiful views around, this is the place. It is a short course but a premium is placed on shot placement as errant shots can land on the side of Camelback mountain making it very difficult to find not to mention the caution signs regarding the rattlesnakes. It is very obvious that the grounds crew take a lot of time and energy into making this such a beautiful course. Pace was a little slow but this is something that you will find at a resort course like this. I recommend looking for deals on tee times early morning, you can golf here for a very reasonable price. Also if you are looking for the best views play Desert/Canyon...absolutely spectacular.
5	Played Oasis and Desert. Desert was more interesting overall with elevated tees and doglegs. Good courses for both high and low handicappers. Pristine fairways and fast greens.
4	Don't bring your Driver, just going to waste space in your bag!!I love Driving off the tee, but on this course I found myself hitting a 7 iron mostly. I know, I know, they don't have the space, but you have three 9 hole courses maybe it would've been better to have just 2. With that said, I can't tell you how much fun and how challenging this course was without playing it before. A lot of squeezed in holes that will have you guessing distances and club choices. One thing I would highly recommend for Phoenician is carts with gps. We had a very difficult time figuring out distances. Can't wait to play this course again next time. Probably put together the best back to back holes I have ever played. Drove par 4 then almost a hole in one on the next! Birdie Birdie.
4	Located in the foothills of Camelback Mountain, this course has some awesome views of the greater Phoenix area and more importantly some excellent golf!  I've always thought this course was in excellent shape no matter what time of year it was.  There are three nines that are all beautiful in their own right.  Both the Desert and Canyon courses offer the best views with lots of elevated tee boxes and plateaued greens.  Make no mistake that there are still plenty of water hazards to get you into trouble and of course the treachorous desert that eats takes of my balls than I'd like to admit.  The Oasis course is unique with its tree lined fairways, which aren't as common down here in Arizona.  There is also a lot more water along fairways and near the greens making it difficult to hit driver on many holes.At only 6300 yards from the white tees, this course plays very short.  Mixed into those 6300 yards are a couple of lengthy 180-200 yard par 3s, which are even that much more difficult when you throw in some elevation change and green side bunkers.  Several of the par 5s are reachable in 2 and even a few of the par 4s can be reached with a great drive and decent roll out.It is near the end of May so I know it's difficult to keep the greens nice and lush, but if I had any complaints during my recent round I would say they seemed overgrown and a little slow.  I'm not sure if this is to cater to the people staying at the resort or they were just gearing up for the hot summer.  I still love this course and will always play here as long as the price is right!My favorite hole is the par 3 8th on the Canyon course.  It plays 114 yds from the whites and is surrounded by gorgeous palm trees.  Carry the water hazard and don't go into the trap on the right and you'll be a happy camper...I mean golfer!
2	My wife and I stayed at the Phoenician for the first time this past weekend for our anniversary.  I had heard many good things about the hotel so I expected the same to be true for the golf course.  I found the golf course decidedly average.  The conditions were actually slightly below average.  With so many great courses in Phoenix, I would recommend skipping this one as its nothing special.  On top of that, the 19th hole alcohol was absurdly priced.  They did have a tremendous beer selection however if that interests you.
5	Absolutely loved this course. I may have played a terrible round, but it was a pleasure the whole time! Several multi-level holes added an interesting dynamic that not every course can offer. ***An attendant to whom we turned our carts into was very rude for no reason. Almost ran me down while he was driving off! It was just one person not happy with his life (I suppose) so I won't judge the whole establishment through him.***
