4	This place, in a word, was fun.  I stayed in Charlotte for a total of 4 days and went to this store 3 of those 4 days.  Competitions were being held the night I got into town, and two other nights as well.  This place is great; in terms of personal opinion.  Would I recommend this store to the "hardcore"? Certainly not, because most of the time the hardcore fan has lost his taste for the simple touches and pure fun... and, admittedly, this store had its share of problems.Card sleeves were understocked until Saturday (right before I was leaving) and the store manager was also very low on MtG13 cards (brand new; thus should have been plentifully stocked) and other sets of the MtG current Standard.  There seemed to be plenty Kaijudo and other sorts of cards, and I am not a huge non-TCG player, but it seemed well stocked enough for a very small, independently owned, store.  There were a plethora of dice and such, and when the card sleeves DID come in, they were quite nifty (picked up a set of guy fawkes sleeves).There seemed to be a very friendly and warm group of usuals frequenting the store, and as I said, this was the only store I went to THREE times during my four day stay.  That has to say something.  The owner is friendly, the setting is nice, it's in a cool little nook.... I just hope the store improves its stock a bit.  I would almost give it a 4.5 on a personal level, but to the gamer who is deep in.... maybe a 3.5.
3	Stopped by in here to pick up a a game of Munchkin.  Don't be fooled, this girl loves her nerdy board games.  They had a good selection despite being a small store and the regulars that were there to play their regular Magic (I'm guessing) were helpful and friendly in suggesting which version to buy.  The only downside was that it took a good ten minutes before someone who actually worked there would come out from wherever he was to let us pay!I discovered they have lots of board games you can rent for $5 to play in-store, so maybe I'll stop by one day if we want to try something new before spending any money on it.P.S. they're prices are full retail, but I like supporting local business, so don't mind paying the extra over Amazon.
1	Closed according to the website:  http://www.gameshqonline.com/?page_id=7
