4	While it's not a traditional park per se (no jungle gyms, few resting areas and walking trails), Symphony Park is a pretty greenspace and great event space. You'll drop by here for a variety of local events including Summer Pops In the Park, Beer, Bourbon & BBQ, Walk for Lupus, Great Grapes etc. Because the space is so close to SouthPark mall you reap the convenience of fairly easy parking and exit. Additionally, it's quite expansive and hosts an amphitheater so music can be played to the masses!While I haven't actually walked around this park at a time other than a festival, I imagine it would be quite lovely. Next time you read about an upcoming concert or festival in Symphony Park, I'd definitely check it out - the venue supports loads of people and has maintained its beauty.
4	I came here for the Beer Bourbon and BBQ festival - the live music by the water was great.  I would love to come back and bring a picnic and hang out with some friends on a warm summer night, sharing a little wine...
4	Excellent pavilion and home of the pops in the park series as well as various concerts and festivals throughout the year.  The venue is well located and picturesque, with the pond and island stage and some nice fountains.  I like the plentiful parking afforded by the mall.  It would be nice if the yard was tiered in the steeper areas because sitting on a hill isn't too enjoyable.  If you go for any event, get there early for prime, gradually sloped seating!
4	Went here for a Friday night 'Movies in the Park" event.  It was a great spot and the evening was perfect in terms of climate so that made it even better.  This event was hosted by State Farm and CHS and well produced with tons of things to do for kids and an entertaining band there to keep them interested until dusk when the movie was scheduled to start.  My only gripe would be that the lawn staff should have cut the grass before the weekend event.  It wasn't terribly weedy but it was a bit overgrown.  No biggie still, my girlfriend and I stretched out our large blanket and had a great low key evening :)
4	For my European friends on yelp. This is a beautiful place, its not big and some events are happening here it can be great for those who love crowds.  Its not a Park as we consider parks over here, i consider it more of a venue near South Park Mall. i wold not go there to read a book but i would go to attend an event and much food with a easy walking distance if it is easy for you to walk
4	The symphony park is definitely a nice area adjacent to the mall.  Though the summer pops series has undergone some recent changes, the park itself still offers some nice events for the family (movies) and those of the adults-only variety (great grapes).One of the only downsides is that it does not offer much in the way of shade like your traditional park setting might, because it is really more of an amphitheater, rather than a "park" (as mentioned by my man Mechl).  Throw in a few more trees off to the side to where the would not obstruct the view and it might be a bit nicer still.For those of you who do not like the natural setting, you can stroll over to the food court, perhaps the closest part of South Park, to get your food fix, maybe even do some shopping, and come back when the main event happens.  Definitely a nice oasis in the midst of all the other insanity going on in the area this time of year.
5	Excellent spot for almost everything!  Huge amphitheater and lawn.  Sloping hills allow you to settle in on a blanket and not block those behind you.  I have been here for outdoor movies, wine and Q fests - all easy parking and beautiful surroundings.  Love coming here!
4	Nice downward-sloping patch of land with plush green grass leading to a modern band shell with an adjacent pond which surrounds the performance space.  With plenty of adjacent free parking, this is an near-ideal space for outdoor festivals and concerts.As others have mentioned, this is not a park in the traditional sense.  There are no picnic tables with barbecue grills adjacent to them.  With the exception of a few small manicured trees, there are no forest groves of old mature trees harboring their own ecosystem.  The only paths you'll find are paved with asphalt and the snake around the perimeter of the grass.  No, this is a manmade venue specifically crafted for the cantilevered bandshell at the bottom of the hill.  Not too steep, well manicured grass free of rocks, exposed roots and weeds, and easy to control points of entry and exit.  Perfect for the rotation of outdoor festivals that tend to dominate the community calendar during Carolina summers.  An ideal setup for the Charlotte Symphony and the hordes of gourmet picnics that spring up around traditional summer pops performances.  The jaundiced eye could see this as a manufactured facade, which compliments the massive indoor retail environment that lies just behind the "park," but others are happy to get past such details and just enjoy an open space that fits its designated purpose just fine.  I say, "Enjoy!"
4	This is a pretty cool place, though hot in the Summer!  Outdoor Venue, almost half Mall- locked and busy streets surround the rest of the property!Music sounds good here!  I have heard some pretty Great Live Jazz here!!!  Sometimes they play Movies!  Sometimes there is an Orchestra, though I have not seen that one. As a Park??? Unless there is a special event,  this does NOT seem like a good place to visit!  I LOVE Crowds!
5	It's the perfect locaiton for an outdoor festival, concert or pretty much any event. I have attended several events here and the area is lined with trees which often provides shade. It's largest to hold fairly large festivals and the mall parking lot allows for adequate parking.
4	Symphony Park is an odd place to be found attached to one of the larger parking spaces alongside the Southpark Mall. A symphony dome suspended over water, long grassy areas, a few benches along walkways, and open air. It's actually quite the respite from the hustle, bustle, dudes in suits, perfume kiosks, and chain restaurants in the area. There are tons of things happening here in the summertime. Beer, Bourbon & BBQ, Great Grapes, Pops in the Park, and a few others. Easy to find parking to make the festivals accessible and well-kept.Great to grab food to go from the foodcourt in the mall and have an impromptu picnic. I'm a fan.
5	This place is genuinely 5 stars. I love walking my dog here. I also see couples having picnic or sitting by the benches. It never gets crowded at all and remains quaint until the sundays of Summer pops season. I do wish the water in the pond is a bit cleaner, once in a while you see bottles in it but that is just people who do not have the decency to have gratitude for public facilities. This place is truly a gem, there are always geese in the pond and the fountain is always on. There is sometimes mall police patrolling. It is such a blessing that we have this in south park!
1	Noise Complaint -  First off- I love this park and the normal venues that happen (would be 4-5 star), but yesterday's "AWOL Music Festival" was way too loud for the area.  I live about a mile away and all I heard yesterday all day long was thump thump thump   inside   my home.  The bass noise is way to high for such a small venue. I also find it disrespectful to be playing that lowd until 11pm at night. I'm all for having fun, but not so loud and all day long. I went to the venue parking lot and felt like I was in the heart of a rave party and couldn't even have a normal conversation 300 yards away inside my car.  I hope this will not continue to happen.  Having a permit should not allow anyone to exceed a certain noise level- especially the bass noise level- regardless of who they are.  I have heard the symphony play there before and they are fine and I don't hear them inside my home- so that should be the benchmark you set. I am absolutely sure that I am not the only complaint in the area, and things like this should not be allowed to happen.
4	I love the summer pops in June and July here! So lovely to sit out in the nice weather and enjoy nice wines and cheeses and the company of good friends.  The landscaping and lake is beautiful and we always have a great time.
4	We come here almost every Friday for movies under the stars and have a picnic with a blanket and some chairs. The activities for the kids are great. Face paintings, Wii Resort, sand art, popcorn and cakes, also characters the kids can take pics with fun and games! Great family time with live music.
4	Attended Movies under the Stars with the family.We found a nice spot with a great view of the band shell. There were great activities to occupy the kids until the sun went down . My granddaughter loved the bounce house.  I really enjoyed the band and the laid back feeling of the crowd. Once the sun went down, the giant screen was inflated and the kids went wild.  How cool is a 30 feet inflatable screen?  Enjoyed the movie and had a great time. Did I mention this was free?!  What a great way to have family time, especially if you are on a budget.I will go back next Friday for the last  movie of the summer.
4	Lovely spot for a stroll around the Symphony Park on a sunny day. Beware! There are some weird bugs flying about, only to find out they were fireflies, lots of them during the summer.Place - great outdoor place to listen to the symphonies and bands playing under the white opera like awning. Pro:Came here during one of the summer festival under the stars event.  I went on a day where they played classical music by the Charlotte Orchestra. It was super lovely! A thing to do once or twice in Charlotte.Con:Come at a bad time, or late, you will get the nose bleed section.  I can tell that there were habitual locals who are familar with the setup and event that had blankets, chairs, and snacks laid out on the lawn and had the best seats!  Parking sucks, if you come late.  I thought coming early before the event starts (45 minutes), was actually late, compare to others who were there ahead of time.All in all, this is definitely the place to relax and enjoy the music with the other fellow Charlotte people.
4	I am a big fan of both the Summer Pops and Movie in the Park events here. I'm not so much of a fan of the other events (ex. Great Grapes, Bourbon, Beer & BBQ etc). In short, the park is great for picnic style festivities. It's nice to sprawl out on the blanket, enjoy the music or movie. BUT it's a nightmare for any food/drink stand up events. The space is very crowded. And it simply doesn't worth the $20-30 admission those events typically charge, only to be frustrated by the lines and the crowd.Summer Pops Tips:1. Summer Pops now are $10pp, $15 for the July 4th (7/3/2014 this year) event. You can buy online up until Friday afternoon, or you have 3 stations to buy from on day of. "Gate" opens at 5pm, and there are going to be some crazy people who think they need to rush and cut in front of you and run to stake their spots. Try not to be the crazy person.2. Bring something heavy to put on the corners in case it's a windy day, but otherwise the blanket won't fly away. I managed to find some leftover bricks lying aside and a large fallen tree branch.3. Low chairs please. Don't be THAT person with the full size tailgate chair, because you're blocking everyone else behind you.4. Consider being there at 5pm to get the spot, then LEAVE. It's HOT, HOT, HOT out there. Enjoy a nice dinner nearby (you can even walk so you don't leave the prime parking spot you got). That way you can support the nearby eateries (I used to wait tables in Southpark years ago, and Sundays in June were horrible for business), stay out of the heat, and still be back in time for prelude.
