5	I had dinner here with 5 of my friends, and WOW! The food here was amazing! I think we tried almost everything on the menu, and there wasn't one bad thing we had to say about anything.The big hit was the Chilean sea bass. It was like butter and melted in your mouth. We had the mussels, grilled shrimp, spanakopita, lamb, rice and lemon soup, dolmas, saganaki, and about 5 other dishes I can't remember right now.... Oh and the honey balls for desert were a hit too! (mainly for the name, lol I know we're juvenile)All I can say is we all left about 10lbs heavier with big smiles on our faces!  Great food, a bit pricey, but definitely worth it.
5	Who goes to Canada and has Greek food? ME! :)This restaurant was a surprise Valentine's Day choice. We went to Greece last fall and have always enjoyed the cuisine .We had tasty (fried) eggplant and zucchini slices with tzatziki for a first course wile waiting for the most AMAZING lamb chops I've ever experienced. The lamb was cooked perfectly, a wonderful medium. The lamb was served with Greek style potatoes and broccoli rabe, which was also a pleasant surprise.  My dining companion had Quebec lamb, which was basically as tender as a Grandma's pot roast. This was also super delicious. For dessert we had a small order of Loukoumades (Greek doughnuts), because why not, we were walking back to the hotel. I'm glad we did have the dessert, it was also tasty. This restaurant has a nice selection of wine and won extra points from me because they seated us in front of a large window, which provided great views of the neighborhood and the snow removal activities happening outside. The restrooms are surprisingly nice, well, as nice as the restaurant itself. The waitstaff was extra friendly and not too pushy. perfect combo if you ask me. If we do go back to Montreal we'll be sure to visit again, so should you!
5	I really love this place! I've been three times in the past few months and I can't wait to go again!The first time I went was with my parents on a Friday night. We went based on a recommendation from a Greek friend of mine and I am very happy we did. We reserved downstairs where, on Fridays and Saturdays it gets really lively with Greek dancing and live music. The atmosphere was fun and another woman patron even got my mom (a usually very shy woman)  to get up and dance! I honestly cannot really remember what we ordered but I remember it was delicious! My father was impressed by the Greek wine list, but was a little disappointed that the horta (a Greek green) was not what he had eaten in Greece but was actually rapini. Our waiter was very pleasant, gave good recommendations on the wine, and joked a bit with my dad.The second time I went was for a friend's birthday. That was another amazing dining experience. We were 9 people, sat upstairs, and we ordered one of the preset menus for everyone. We were served a variety of spreads, fried zucchini and eggplant, fried calamari, grilled octopus, salad, sausage, chicken, lamb, and the list goes on. It was absolutely delicious, though it was a slightly ridiculous quantity. After the second time, I would dream of that octopus...so, recently I went again to satisfy my craving and sat outside on their cute terrace in the front. I even got a second order to take home and it was just as good the next day coldAll three times the food was amazing. All three times the service and the atmosphere were great!! I can't wait until the next time I go...and for sure the octopus will be the first thing I order
5	Went to this restaurant on 8/6/2011  a Saturday night. The Greek food was amazing. The staff was courteous and very attentive. As if that were not enough the Greek music was playing and at about midnight the entire restaurant was dancing and singing. My husband and I had a fabulous time surrounded by eight dear friends. Our reservations were for the downstairs which is where the partying goes on. Lots of greek wine and lots and lots of fantastic greek food.
5	Amazing food with a fantastic chill environment.  Downstairs turns into a night club
5	I finally went to Mythos after working in the Mile end for over 6 years.  The food was excellent the service was prompt and attentive without being pretentious. We had feta, lamb and calamari and all of it was great.  The portions are large and prices are reasonable considering what you get. Both my girl friend and I are looking forward to going back.
5	Great place to eat and party on a saturday nite. Esp. if your a guy as it seems there is 3 women for every one guy!! Gotta love it. Been here many many time and always great food and service.  Everything is great on the menu. I have brought many people from china here and all loved it.
5	haven't been to other Greek restaurants in the city but this one gets my approval!  I've spent time in Greece since I was a little boy and felt right at home here... food, excellent, atmosphere... authentic, service... the best!  Mythos is the place to be!
3	Pros:- Service was quick and attentive.- Quaint painted walls that scream Greek culture to you, with beautiful murals and vases. Atmosphere felt warm and intimate.- While I didn't dine downstairs (due to the fact we it may be loud and wish to have conversations with fellow diners like we do) it seems to be a lot of fun for those willing to dine in a festive ambiance with a live band, dance floor and bar. We were perfectly fine upstairs.- The Tzatziki was especially good, as well as the Saganaki. Kopanisti was notably good as well.Cons:- We ordered the Mythos meat special platter (requires 4 people minimum) which comes in a beautiful long plate filled with 5 sorts of meats. Sadly, while it looked great, several selections of meats were very average and disappointing. We definitely did not enjoy the taste of the minced meat but I'm sure other people may feel differently. The sausages didn't float my boat neither.- The greek salad was somewhat uninspired and didn't feel fresh.- The calamari plate was small and definitely no where close to the best I've eaten.- The meals in general are quite expensive... especially when compared to other Greek restaurants we gone to and their food being a notch higher in general.Obviously we didn't try many fish courses, which is supposedly their specialty thus I won't give this restaurant a bad review. However, many plates were hit and miss which isn't acceptable... including the calamari. Overall, it's a nice place, with slightly better than average food but mind your budget as a good meal can cost you well over 50$.
5	Came here in June with the family and it was really the first Greek restaurant I had ever been to and the food was amazing. The octopus and the lamb were awesome as well as the loukoumades (honey donuts). The Greek yogurt and coffee are also good for dessert.
5	I've been to Mythos several times over the years and it is always delicious. We had reservations at 7pm on on a Saturday night and it was very busy as always!We usually order the same items and the food is always consistent which is important to me.We started off with fried mushrooms, fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki and a Greek salad,  our appetizers soon arrived and they were devoured quickly.We ordered a  pretty large red snapper to split between the 4 of us and our waiter assured us it was plenty for us to feel satisfied.It soon arrived with some fluffy rice and steamed greens. The fish was flaky and flavorful, the rice and veggies were tasty and a nice compliment to the fish.All in all, a delicious meal in a loud, lively party like setting. Be careful with the wine it will add up to hefty amount in your bill.The highlight of the evening was the interesting conversation outside:) I was sitting with my mom while she smoked a cigarette and there were a group of men in their 40's talking about a friend of their's that was going off to prison for 20 years for embezzlement and drug trafficking. My chatty mother of course butts in the conservation and our new friends start telling us all about this "friend" and his soon to be new life in prison. I dragged my mom away and on our way we went:)A fun, entertaining evening! Definitely a must!
5	Went back to Mythos after I haven't visited for few years. The food is still very good. The way the octopus was prepared is amazing, the best I have ever had. I also like the eggplant, zucchini which are deep fried and are like chips. We had grilled meet platter that was very well prepared too. The service is attentive and non pretentious. Strange the restaurant was so empty on Wednesday night, but this actually made the visit more pleasant. The restaurant has a nice list of Greek wines to experiment with, but would you go to a greek place without drinking ouzo.
4	went there for a friend's birthday party. the food is really good. loukoumades, lamb, octopus, eggplants, can't go wrong with those. didn't like the cheese dish as it was too saltyit is expensive though. came out to $75 per head but we did eat quite well
5	Amazing. A bit on the pricier side but sooo worth it! The entrees are fantastic. From everything from the fried zucchini to the greek salad. The main plates were just as tasty! The pastitsio was TO DIE FOR!!!!! I haven't had a great tasting pastitsio in awhile. It's neck and neck with YaYa's pastitio!! The steak is perfectly cooked. You ask for rare, it comes rare. You want Medium? it's always spot on. Octopus was perfect.. See the trend? I would definitely go back!!
4	I've had the chance to come here for the full sit down dinner and simply for drinks. Have yet to be disappointed.Food : very good greek food. We were a group, so we ordered several items and shared. I'm a pretty big fan of saganaki (some sort of fried cheese), and it was on point here. The loukaniko was amazing and I definitely recommend it. The zucchini platter was also great and so was the octopus. The tzatziki was rich and thick (which is awesome). I don't have anything negative to say about the food at Mythos.Service : the staff is very friendly and efficient. Our waiter was a little clumsy, but it was all fun and jokes. Decor/ambiance : it's in a basement, exposed brick, lots of untouched character- which is great. They have live performers that actually know how to play the instruments and/or sing. Kudos. *expect the noise level to be high.
5	We enjoyed the fried zucchini and eggplant, followed by rack of lamb, and loukomades for dessert Overall nice experience, also enjoyed the outdoor terrace and the outstanding cheerful service of Dimitri ..
4	I absolutely loved this place.  The three of us visited for a fresh batch of Greek donuts with a dipping sauce of creamy yogurt.  The drizzle of honey hit the spot as well.  The ambiance was lively.  It was a packed house.  There is live entertainment and dancing as well.  -The food is not only authentic, but fresh.  The garlic shrimp is delicious, the eggplant patties melt in your mouth and the Greek cheese was out of this world. -Good location.  Valet parking is available. -Clean establishment. -Staff is attentive, lively and professional.  This is a fantastic place for an authentic Greek experieince from the food, the music, the people and the vibe.
1	how disappointing, for a 4 star and $$$. From the bread that the waitress said cannot be toasted as the kitchen is too busy to the worse saganaki ever which was served cold.We order fried calamari which was chewy, grilled octopus which was ok, greek salad that was fair  I cannot comment on any main dishes as the server never came to ask us if we wanted anything else.For a restaurant with $$$ you would expect better plate presentation.  Personally there is much better restaurants that are close by for so much better food. You wont see us back here again
5	Love the place.  Authentic Greek food, good service, good value.  I would say their speciality is fish dishes,  There are also a couple of off-menu items sometimes, that my Greek friends know how to ask for.  They have an upstairs and a downstairs. The downstairs is busier and nosier, and possibly more fun if you want that kind of thing.  In the summer you can sit outside.  Surely my favorite Green place in Montreal, but that's an understatement.
