5	Had a destination wedding in Vegas and hired Omni Limo to take care of my guests transportation.  The shuttle bus was clean and new.  The driver was awesome.  Great prices and awesome service!
1	On November 29th at 4:30am I had a reservation scheduled to be picked up at my home for a trip to the airport for a 6:30 flight.  The driver didn't arrive on time or at all.  At 4:40am I called the reservation desk and was told the driver was held up in traffic.  Not thinking too clearly at the time I don't understand where there would be traffic to get held up in at 4:30 in the morning.  When I ended up driving myself to the airport there was no delays on the roads. At 4:50 I called the reservation desk again and was told the driver was close to my neighborhood.  I impatiently waited until 5:00am when I couldn't wait any longer for thier driver.  I got in my vehicle and started driving myself to the airport.  On my way down the road I called the reservation desk again at about 5:03am and was told that the driver was on my road which was not true since I had just driven my road on the way out of my neighborhood.I have used Omni Limousine for many years and have never had a problem with their service.  The service I received on November 29th was very poor and inexcusable!  I do not see how a driver could be more than 30 minutes late especially at the early hour I was traveling at on this day. Their service was being relied upon to get me safely to the airport at the time I scheduled.This incident cost me more money since I had to drive myself.  When I got to the airport Long Term Parking was full due to the Thanksgiving holiday weekend.  So I ended up having to park in Valet Parking for a cost of $216 for my trip.  Also the delay in leaving my house nearly caused me to be late for my flight.  By the time I got to the gate that morning the aircraft was already boarding.  There are many Limousine companies in Las Vegas and as a valued customer of Omni I will more than likely be using other companies from now on.
1	Booked through the site, received a confirmation, yet when we arrived at the airport there was no-one waiting. Called to ask & they said nothing was confirmed, even after I sent them the email confirmation.Don't bother to pre-book through these guys - just head out to the limo stand at the airport & they have some great rates..
1	Booked online, but no one was at the airport when I arrived at 7:30 AM. Since I'm a patient guy, I waited 30 minutes before I called. They couldn't find the reservation, even though I had a confirmation email. I was told it wouldn't have mattered, since they were booked up (due to CES convention), and wouldn't have been able to pick me up. They had all my contact information (email, phone numbers), they could have sent an email, or text, or CALLED me to inform me of the situation so I would have waited and walked all over the baggage claim area looking for someone. I ended up taking a $30 taxi ride to the hotel. I have used them before without issue, but there is no excuse for not notifying me that they were booked up and couldn't handle my reservation. I would not recommend this company, as there are many others to choose from, one of which will get my future business.
1	The website allows you to book a reservation yet it does not allow you to confirm the price upon checkout.  Omni, it is not best practice to ask for your clients credit card information without informing them of the quote/price they are agreeing to upon the "Confirm" page.  Please change.  Also, when I tried to call in to make a reservation I was greeting with a "PLEASE HOLD" in what sounded like one of Marge Simpson's sister's voice.  My call was then picked up, transferred and finally dropped.  This is why you did not get my business today.  I sincerely hope this feedback helps you improve your business.
1	Booked our limo weeks in advance directly on the Omni website, received an email confirmation, but when we arrived at the airport there was no driver waiting for us. When we called their office we were told there was no record of our confirmation and that the driver would be "5 or 10 minutes" picking us up. No apologies or explanations. After 30 minutes of waiting outside, the driver finally arrived. He was fairly pleasant, but charged us $20 more than the price that was quoted on the confirmation. Won't be using Omni again in the future.
1	If zero stars were an option, that is what I would give. I booked on the site and called to confirm verbally. I received an email confirmation. When my flight arrived, there was no driver. I waited a bit then called the company. After being placed on hold for about 10 minutes, I was told that my driver "was in line to park the car because there was no parking at the airport." The dispatcher told me I could wait until he parked "or go take a taxi". Seriously. She had no concern for my time, no apology for the poor service and frankly didn't care one bit about losing the business. Now that I'm reading the other reviews (I guess I should have before...), I see that this company specializes in poor excuses for leaving their clients stranded at the airport, but little else. These people are just awful.
5	this is the way to go. the driver was waiting as we left the plane. had a cold water, and a cool car waiting.On my way back to the airport, there was a miss communication with the drivers, and the one scheduled to pick me up was late. They contacted the hotel to make sure I knew they were coming. fantastic service, really friendly driver.
