4	Krispy Kreme makes its return to the valley. This new location opened at 5:30am this morning and had all the usual hoopla that comes with Grand Openings. Free doughnuts....prizes....news crew...and some surprising cold weather for AZ....LOL. This location is not going to be customer friendly for sitting down and shooting the breeze while you enjoy a delicious doughnut and possibly some coffee. This location has the popular HOT DOUGHNUT sign because they make the doughnuts on-site. It is really starting to look like all the Krispy Kreme Franchises that are coming back are making there doughnuts on site. I think this is a very good business model that will allow Krispy Kreme to succeed and hopefully not fall victim to another collapse by trying to cut corners or have doughnuts delivered from a central location. This location is right off the expressway and has a drive-thru with 2 or 3 tables...restrooms and the kitchen. So it will be perfect for that quick pick-up for your co-workers or staff and then jump right back on the expressway and head on your merry way. Speaking of merry way.....Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
5	Great new location!  These were still hit and ready to go at 8:00 at night. What a great great and the Oreo cookies and creme filled donut was wonderful.
2	The location of this Krispy Kreme is great in theory.  Located on Bell Road, just feet from State Route 51, the store's sign is clearly visible from the highway.  I drive past it everyday and thought it had opened weeks before it actually did just because how much the sign sticks out.  So when I was hungry the other morning and craving something sweet, and just about to pass that sign, I decided why not indulge in a doughnut.So here's why this location is only good in theory;  Being so close to the highway entrance/exit, it's quite a challenge to get in and out of the plaza during the morning rush hour.  Bell road is packed.  You're going to have to wait quite a while to make that left turn on 36th street.  Then when you're trying to get out, you better either want to go south on the 51, or keep driving east on Bell road, because it's going to be a very tight squeeze if you want to get into the lanes heading to the 51 north, and turning left on Bell is going to be nearly impossible.  During my wait for an opening in traffic, I kept asking myself if this was worth it for a doughnut?  My answer is a resounding no. Having not had a Krispy Kreme doughnut in years, I didn't realize how expensive they are.  99 cents for a plain glazed doughnut?  $1.10 for one of the variety doughnuts?  Unless you get a glazed made hot on site there's nothing special about them.  There's also plenty of non-chain shops that have a much better product for cheaper.  I decided to try a chocolate iced creme-filled and one of the specialty doughnuts, the oreo cake.  The chocolate iced creme-filled is okay (this was one of my favorites when Krispy Kreme was at the peak of its popularity), but I could get the same doughnut at any supermarket for 50 cents cheaper.  The oreo was awful.  It's just a regular chocolate doughnut with crushed oreos on top and a dollop of cookie and creme filling in the hole.  It should work, but for some reason, it just doesn't.To make a long story short, neither was worth the calories or the price, and both made me wonder what was up with the Krispy Kreme Kraze in 90's.  Remember the lines at the drive through for the original location at Arizona Mills?  Remember when the donuts were sold in supermarkets and gas stations all over the valley?  But mostly, I remember when I didn't care after they all disappeared overnight.
1	This review is not about the food so much as it is about the service.Here are my main complaints:1. When I ordered my donuts, I was informed that I would have to wait a few mins for fresh glaze donuts.  That's fine.  My problem was that after I had paid for my order, I still didn't have my donuts. They were sitting on the counter because the girl had forgotten about them.  I had to remind another employee that I was waiting for my donuts.2. When we were being rung up, I had to repeat what we had several times.  I told her we had iced coffees but she thought we had brewed coffees.3.  The girl making our iced coffees made mine too watery with too much milk and it was warm on top of that.  For them being open a month, they still have a long ways to go in customer service.
5	Yes right off the donut hot, glazing contraption is the way to go.  They had glazed originals in the window, but I was asked to wait a few minutes to get the fresh, hot ones.  That is what makes these donuts.  Melt in your mouth hot, glazed, donuts.  No one does that better than Krispy Kreme.  If you never had a hot Krispy Kreme original glazed you are missing out on Life.  Seriously they are good.  If you are in the area, make it a point to stop.  I saw the neon sign from the freeway and had to stop.  Enjoy it with a tall glass of milk :)
5	Hot, fresh and easy to find. Right off the freeway and if you're heading south on the 51 after you leave easy to get back on your way! Don't miss whatever is hot and fresh, they're extra good!
5	I admit I'm a donut whore...not just for any donut, I do have standards, ya know?!?!?! I'm a Krispy Kreme donut whore. Ever since most of the Krispy Kreme shops near my side of town closed, all other donuts have been much like the 'rebound'  of donuts. It's not the same. So on the way back home from a killer 5:45am Primal boot camp class at AmenZone, i decided to take Bell to the 51 and swing South rather than go down Greenway. There it was...A Krispy Kreme store. Praise! I almost cried with joy as I passed it as I was about to enter onto the freeway. Wait? I passed it? Hold up wait a minute. Yep, I had to make a U--eee and head back for a few donuts. Yes, I bought three. Ahhh...I told myself I earned those precious calorie filled babies. I probably didn't but oh well. It's done and it was worth it. Life is all about the Simple things & pleasures...and Krispy Kreme donuts!
1	I have been saving a certificate I got two or three years ago for my birthday that was for a FREE DOZEN of glazed donuts. Finally after my birthday this year I decided to use it since I didn't get a cake and I drove all the way across town to go to this nearest location just for these donuts that I have only had maybe 3-5 times in my life. The certificate was almost special at this point because we always wondered when we would finally use it, my fiance and I. Today was the day though, and we went in the early morning when they should be at their best.We finally get there, and the manager lady up front barely acknowledges us, and as soon as we start talking they INTERRUPT US to talk to someone ALL THE WAY IN THE BACK of the store about their preparations. Then we tell them we have a certificate and they instantly say, "LET ME SEE IT." All short and upset and rude sounding. It's like, fuck you lady we earned this years ago, you probably eat this shit every day. This is a "special treat" for us. Plus we both struggle to keep from being underweight so we of all people could USE some donuts.So they tell the cook person to make the dozen and we wait for a few minutes, and then we receive the box all fresh and hot and exciting. We go in the car, and open the box. It smells like vanilla. I have never eaten a glazed donut that smells like vanilla. My fiance picks one up, and it sags downward like wet paper. We both take bites of it and it is like a glob of sickly vanilla dough in our mouths. So WHY are people saying you should ONLY get the FRESH GLAZED donuts?!!! This is insane. It tasted NOTHING like Krispy Kreme, NOTHING like glazed, and NOTHING like a donut. I seriously think either people have the WORST taste in food because I would not even feed this shit to my dog, or these rude workers who were COMPLAINING ABOUT WORKING in front of us to each other as if we were not even present deliberately shorthanded us decent quality food.This experience contrasts the day that we got the certificate where a worker let us choose any donuts we wanted instead of all 12 glazed, and gave us an extra ticket which is what we used today. And those donuts were awesome. WHAT HAPPENED in a few years?! That location closed down, the other location closed down, and the third one near us. And we go to Bell to get awesome donuts and it is THE WORST. I even gave these donuts a second chance. They cooled after an hour and solidified A LITTLE BIT. And they still tasted like dung. What a waste of gas, of a specially saved certificate, and a waste of birthday excitement.I think these people need a day off or two like they were saying..
2	Would of given them 5 stars because the products are delicious, but there are two huge issues I had with my visit.1. There was a line 7 people deep and one poor girl working by herself while there was some other employee in uniform going in and out of the store on his cell phone.  I don't care if you are off the clock, if you are off the clock you still should not be using your phone in front of a line of customers waiting.  And if you were just a kind human being all together and you were just on break and saw that your team mate was struggling, it would of been polite to help her out... just saying.2.  And this is just REALLY OBNOXIOUS..... I made a purchase here the last week in JUNE and they just now batched their cc/debit purchases.... yup.... that's right.... 29 days later they finally deducted the money from my bank account.  WTF? What kind of company does their batching once a month?!?  While it was just obnoxious for me, it could of been a real issue for some people.... taking the money from the account a month later could really mess with some people's finances and budgets.....  Get with the program Krispy Kreme on Bell..... run YOUR finances better!!  Maybe this is why they keep going out of business in AZ.......
3	Now, I love a nice hot Krispy Kreme as much as anyone - they're amazing -- when they're hot.  Now, once they're not hot - they're a pretty pedestrian donut, as are the other varieties of not-hot-off-the-conveyer-belt-just-emerged-from-the-frosting-waterfall types. For "regular" donuts I'd much rather go to Rainbow Donuts.So, in general I'd give Krispy Kreme a 4.  Now this particular Krispy Kreme gets a 3 because that "hot now" light - you know; the one that lets you know that you CAN get the best donut ever - well, that light don't mean jack at this Krispy Kreme.  They leave it on for HOURS after they shut down the magic-maker and keep passing out the donuts - hot, then warm, then cool, then cold - the light keeps on shining bright.  LET HER BURN!  So, you never know if you're getting the real deal.RESPECT THE LIGHT, KRISPY KREME!
5	Drive-thru donuts?!?!Love these donuts.  Best ever.
4	YAY! Closer Krispy Kreme location!I got 2 donuts through the drive-thru. Standard awesome Original Glazed! The server was very nice! Only immediate thing I'd change is that the drive-thru entrance isn't marked. You have to drive behind the entire little strip mall to get there. Not a big deal, though.
4	Love the Raspberry jelly but oh no, I went in to get one and they were out. I hope this store makes more raspberry since they told me it was a best seller.
4	Im only pissed that this is the closest one to my home in the NW valley....hope that will change but until then I will drive 30 minutes to feed my addiction.  Why?  because these darn Krispy Kreme's are ridiculously good!  This place is small and casual but it gets the job done when you need your fix.
5	I'm not sure it is possible to leave a bad review about a Krispy Kreme shop.  Even if you were to have bad service, as soon as you bite into one of those sugary, melt in your mouth, clouds of a doughnut, you are in heaven.I had never been to this location until this morning.  Quick, easy, in and out, smiling staff.  I'm happy, and may or may not have almost polished off an entire dozen.Thanks Krispy Kreme =]
1	Very disappointed with Krispy Kreme. Went to the bell location and came back with day old donuts. They were soft but still, there was no glaze or warmness. Not going to this location again.
