5	My girlfriends and I love this bar for some reason! We have the best time sitting in the comfy chairs, people watching, good music, with great service. We always seem to meet nice, good lookin' people there too. NYNY is a very open casino and you can see a lot from Center Bar!
3	Great 80s music but drinks are overpriced (but what isn't) unless you are gambling; you can sit at the bar and put money in the video poker and get free drinks.
1	False advertisement!!  The internect mentions this bar as having a HAPPY HOUR Mon-Thurs 4-8pm but when you get there the bartenders mix you a weak handed drink in a 8 oz. glass for 9.00!  When asked about the happy hour they kind of looked away or down and say "we did away with it".  No wonder you guys were empty.....my group won't be coming back here.
3	It's the bar in the center of the casino.  Open 24 hours.  Bartenders were hit or miss.  The best ones were usually late at night showing why they got the better shift instead of the 7am shift.  Check in on Foursquare at Pour 24 and then go down the escalators to Center Bar and snag your free jello shot! Bonus!
4	Our group spent plenty of time here on a Saturday evening.  It is tough to find a place to take 12 people without reservations so Center Bar seemed like a logical choice since it was the only place that could take us in without standing room only.  A lot of interesting people pass by this bar (including our group) so it is a good place to lurk....err, I mean people watch.If you're looking for a club scene (which we were not) this won't be your place.  That didn't stop the dude in my picture as I'm pretty certain he though he was out clubbing (not a part of our group).  Damn if I could only post the video. :-(  There is definitely some techno music going on at this bar so why would you go to clubs when you can just dance on the couches??For the most part, it is what you'd expect.  Pretty low key and highly priced drinks.  That didn't stop us old men from showing the youngins how to party.  I'm pretty certain the youngins recovered much quicker the next day.Sucks to get old.
3	Good little hang out bar if you want to play video poker and get cheaper drinks. I visited this bar a couple of times during my stay, the service is hit and miss. Over all, a decent little bar.
4	Good spot to hang for a little bit
4	I spent a lot of time in this bar at New York New York. The drinks are reasonably priced, there's video poker machines at almost every slot at the bar, and the lounge area is a great spot to relax a bit and take a break from gambling. I had a dirty martini and a bloody mary here and both were excellent. If you find yourself at New York New York and need a break from gambling / running around town I recommend you take a half hour and enjoy the Center Bar.
4	This was our "go-to" bar in Vegas. Always had a fun...young crowd that wasn't too young. I would say the average ages were thirty-somethings. The bar had the best music...I mean, you couldn't help but dance around while sippin your drink. I had moved from the bar to the little seated lounge section, and when I sat down, spilled my drink (which I had just ordered and hadn't even taken a sip). I realized that I had set it down on a part of the table that was not level (barely visible on the glass tables). I walked up to the bar and explained that my drink fell over, which was totally not my fault. I mean, it was my second drink. The bartender sweetly smiled and made me a new drink...no hesitation. He made the drink and did not charge me...saying that sometimes people do not see the little edges on the middle of the glass tables. This made me love this place even more...I will definitely go back every trip to Vegas.
1	Can you say SUPER EXPENSIVE! $20 for 2 drinks! Yeah no I rather walk my @$$ to CVS across the street and buy my own bottle of whiskey. It's way CHEAPER!
1	Skip this bar. I wanted to like it here.....great location, plenty of TV's and video poker. So, has all of the basics covered. However, the bartenders here are just plain awful. My usual experiences with bartenders in Vegas is they are fun, sociable, and overly friendly. These guys look like they are mad at he world, not just a for a fleeting moment but for hours....and both of them. If you are miserable, don't work in a customer service job. Plus, the video poker machines at this bar are all old and the buttons stick so just forget this bar. Go to the other smaller bar by the entrance - more fun and the machines are newer.
4	Great place to start and end your night if you're staying at the NYNY.If you're looking for a dive bar or a club scene, than this is NOT your place.  However, if you're looking for a place that plays upbeat music, offers plenty of TVs, video poker and plenty of seating, than this is the spot to be.  We had a group of 15 come to town (and stay at the NYNY) to celebrate a surprise 50th birthday and out of the neighboring properties (Excalibur and Monte Carlo) we constantly found ourselves coming back to this spot. For three nights we started and ended here.  With the location being in the center of the casino, it draws a wide variety of people and offers appeal to everyone.CONS: The bartenders did not appear as though they were into their job at all and the drinks are pricey (specialty cocktail $11.50 and a bottled beer $9).  If you plan to sit in one of the surrounding but comfortable couches, be prepared to purchase two drinks minimum per person.Other than that though everyone in our group said they enjoyed the bar and we will definitely be going back!
