1	This is one of the worst Wal-Marts in the valley!  Nothing is ever picked up and the fat slobs at the deli counter won't serve you and will tell you that they are closed.  Then you get a manager over and the slobs already ate everything or threw it out!  The lines are long, there is bad parking, and the bathrooms are absolutely dirty!
4	When people say 'there's everything at Wal-Mart', this branch pretty much reflects that notion. I mean really. On top of what you can find at your usual Wal-Mart, there's a portrait center, a place to buy stamps, a nail/hair salon, the Redbox DVD kiosk (which is popping up in every grocery store anyway), and they sell alcohol! Got a little too excited there. OK, maybe not everything, but this Walmart OD'ed on everything. Anyway, I'm accustomed to my local Wal-Mart back in Union City, but I'm not gonna lie I actually liked this one despite its massive size. I may enjoy the 24-hour convenience at home, but I'm not spoiled by the fact that the supercenter includes the above mentioned services plus the supermarket. Deli included. Aside everything I've mentioned, it looks like any other Wal-Mart that has been built in the past few years. Layout and everything. They had a fair stock of everything, and for once I came to a clean Wal-Mart. I don't understand how having 20 items tops qualifies you to go to the 'Express Lane', but there's self-checkout if you like to do it yourself.  I bet you if we had a Wal-Mart like this in the my area all hell would break loose. FoodMaxx will have competition for where to buy apples and ranch dressing at 230 in the morning. Imagine that. Since I'm in Vegas for the next week and then some, I'm gonna try to write more reviews so that the little map on my profile will show more icons near Vegas haha. Word.
4	Those of you that like to read my reviews probably know of my distaste for Wal-Mart.  I find most have the same fundamental flaws, however, this neighborhood Wal-Mart is one of the newer ones on the Henderson side of town.  The pathways in the parking lot are well put together.  The store itself is bright and easy to navigate.   Overall, this is one of the best Supercenter's I've been to in recent time.
1	Walmart nail salon a disaster. Filthy, broken equipment, inept technicians, shockingly rude male nail technician. I thought Walmart would have better quality businesses associated with their stores. Not the case with their nail salon at theHenderson NVstore. Their "new" chairs were not working or malfunctioning (leaking water allover the floor) , their staff was distracted trying to repair the equipment and not able to attend to their customers. They have a male nail technician - who insisted he had been doing nails for 23 years- who cut so deeply into my big toe nail, it hurt. He was also very distracted and kept on jumping up from his station to check on other things. I finally got disgusted and told him to either work on the broken equipment or work on my nails but not both. I told him I would wait until another technician was available. He sneered and told me I would have over an hour to wait.  His attitude was shocking and he made the whole shop look bad. In fact one of the other technicians apologized for his behavior. Bottom line: there are hundreds of nail salons in Henderson so they are a dime a dozen. At least go to one where the equipment works and the staff are pleasant. Not the case with the one in the Henderson NV walmart. Stay Away!
2	So I came to this Wal-Mart only because I was looking for a brake place that closed down on South Gibson (big surprise in Vegas)...Normally I go to the two nicer ones on Eastern/Russell or McLeod/Tropicana because they are much closer to my house and I hate this location to begin with.  I've been to it many times since it opened when I lived in Green Valley and there was nothing closer.Well it was typical of this location, terribly planned parking lot, which makes it difficult to get to the Wal-Mart and other areas of the parking lot.  Also, a senior citizen bus from the nearby adult communities/mobile home parks came and dropped a ton of people off so it was hard to get around and the lines were long like always.  I was able to find what I needed which was just one item, however the shelves were empty its like they haven't stocked the store in months or all the old people bought everything.
1	This review is for the Pharmacy.After a negative experience in the pharmacy today, I will NEVER use this place (or likely any other Wal-Mart pharmacy) ever again.My girlfriend has been using this Wal-Mart to get her prescriptions for several months now. Today, we went in for just that. After checking in at the main counter, they said that it would be ready in 20 minutes. An understandable delay; they need time to get things ready. The pharmacist said to come back up to the front counter around 1:20, since the pharmacy staff goes on break at 1:30. So we went off to kill 20 minutes, looking around in the Electronics section.We came back at 1:20 as we were told and were met with a very lengthy line. ONLY ONE register person was working, and the line was slower than molasses. Finally, it hit the point where we would have been second to the next in line. And it was 1:25. Soon, I'd finally have my girlfriend's prescription and be rid of this hell hole. They shut the counter down and went to lunch, with NO CONSIDERATION WHATSOEVER to those of us who had been waiting. The gentleman behind me said that this was "bull", since he had to wait 20 minutes for the prescription, and then another 20 in line without getting helped. He hit the nail right on the head. The fact that it wasn't even quite 1:30 yet (my watch still showed 1:25) only adds insult to injury. When there are people waiting in line, YOU HELP THEM before you go to lunch. Period. I've worked in retail in the past, and if I had ever taken a lunch and ditched customers waiting in my line, I would have been fired on the spot. If you absolutely, positively MUST go to lunch at 1:30, you get back-up to cover for you. There is no reason the entire pharmacy staff needed to go to lunch AT THE SAME TIME. I'm going to go back and get the prescription later. And after that, I will NEVER give Wal-Mart's pharmacy my business again. Teach these guys a lesson by taking your pharmacy needs elsewhere. This nonsense has to end.
3	you know ... Walmart is a crappy ass company. they treat their employees like garbage, they don't buy American anymore and they are the downfall of humans.....but damn do they have low prices. i know all the things i stated should keep me away but hey where else can you find cheap ass food and a freak show at the same time. whenever i feel crappy about my life i go to Walmart and wham i see some strange train wreck that makes me feel way better. so not only do i get cheep food i get a wake up call that hey my life is not that bad ...look at the freak over there.
1	Walmart Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Every single employee here freaked me out this weekend. I am sure it doesn't help I had just left Heaven otherwise known as In N Out Burger, but still. Do they get their fucking employees in The Twilight Zone? We walk in through the garden center and are instantly greeted by a smiling employee hosing the plants. She earned the star for the store. Good job. Next we browse the plants, pots, etc. The plants were very poor quality and half dead. We venture inside and that's when it gets ugly. Our entire mission was to see their selection of outdoor rugs. During the summer in Vegas most stores do carry them since we all spend more time outside in the sun, by pools, BBQing, etc. This was my first visit to this specific location so I had no clue where the desired rug section may be. I look for a friendly face in a green shirt to assist me as I'm walking in circles. 3 people in odd colored green shirts quickly walk pass me with empty, zombie like expressions on their faces. Almost as if they are walking into the light and I don't exist. OK..... I decided I was going to keeping looking without asking for help. Then my partner in crime got brave and approached one of the Walmart zombies and asked where the rugs are. The zombie says,"Well, you're on your way". Huh? WTF kind of answer is that?! Since we were seriously wondering in circles we didn't know which was the right way. Then I inquired about outdoor rugs. The zombie looked at me as if it was a trick question. "Do you mean doormats? Indoor and outdoor rugs are the same." At this point I was livid and could not respond. My friend said thank you and shuffled me away before I slapped a ho. Since the outdoor rug was a fail we then made a half ass attempt to find big, Hefty trash bags with zero success. Both of us gave up and ditched our cart of random water noodles, pots, etc. What's even more upsetting is before I started writing this review I googled patio rugs and low and behold Walmart actually does have a HUGE selection of outdoor rugs!!!! Now if only your employees knew this.....
5	Very friendly, clean and well-stocked location.  The site to store free shipping is great and the price are low (and they price match).  There are more high end items available online and for even lower prices sometimes than in store.  Everytime I've gone, the staff have been so nice to me.
1	After receiving a ridiculously rude private message on here last night it has been brought to my attention that the employees are required to wear BLUE SHIRTS. My error. I guess in my old age I am not only getting sun damage, but I am also becoming color blind. Lol. I'd still rather be color blind than work at Walmart. BOOM!!!!!!!
4	Just moved here and needed a bunch of stuff. THIS PLACE HAD IT ALL! The staff is nice, the store is clean and well stocked, and it's open 24/7! Never thought I would have anything positive to say about a Walmart (there wasn't one near me in LA) and I feel a little naughty saying it, but this place is shockingly great!
1	Its Wal-Mart
3	Well its walmart, everyone knows what walmart is like but did you know that there are walmarts that compete with each other, pricewise. Ive found certain items cheaper at other walmarts and certain items cheaper at this walmart. One good thing is the items in the healthcare section isnt locked up like it is at Boulder/Flamingo. There are even a few vitamins/meds that are available at this walmart that arent even sold @ boulder/flamingo or the Lake Mead location. strange huh? The other thign about this is you cant get to the walmart from 1 side of the store.The deli girl always seems so bothered by helping people Its not what she says but the way seh says it.I know she is young and this isnt her dream job but I hate to buy deli meats/cheeses at this location b/c of her. sad but true.
2	It's open 24 hours, it has generic food, hardware, and medicinal items for a reasonable price, and they're good about returns - end of positive comments.Start of negatives:-it takes up too much space-that space takes forever to travel over-workers only serve three purposes: collect funds, re-stock, loss prevention-these three purposes don't include service or helpful suggestions-they're more concerned with loss prevention than you're shopping experienceWhy do these matter? I used to think for the items wal-mart sells that it didn't. Then I realized how annoying it is to have that old lady who wears too much make-up check my one bag which I paid for in front of her and in spite of my two years of patronage at this location. Nobody likes the "secret" shopper who rolls up next to you with a baseball cap and checks out the gardening magazines at 2:00 am in Henderson, nv. Seriously, nothing at wal-mart is even worth stealing.Maybe that's the problem. Maybe that's why your stock has gone nowheresville the last few years. That's right, you can't sell items for a higher margin if I wouldn't even bother consider to steal them. I definitely can't pay more for items that I don't know I want if nobody suggests them. I certainly don't want to come into the store more if I'm looked at as a potential theft risk.Good luck in Africa though! Ever heard of "drawing blood from a stone"?
3	I usually love Walmarts but I was a little disappointed in this particular one.  I was looking specifically for packing peanuts and thought for sure Walmart would have it...it is a "supercenter" after all!  I walked around the packing boxes and gazillions of different kinds of bubble wrap (go there if you want all different sizes and colours) but no packing peanuts.  I was astonished.  Doesn't Walmart have everything?  I asked a very nice youg girl who worked there who said that they didn't carry it and she didn't know why.  So, off I went to another store!
2	I hate Walmart. I really do. I avoid going to Walmart whenever possible because I just can not deal with the jerks that tend to shop there. Christmas shopping this year just solidified my opinion of Walmart. I was looking for a specific item for my father-in-law. I did some research online, Walmart was cheaper then Best Buy or Target for the item. So I dealt with the jerky people in the parking lot, barely avoided getting a hit in the shins by a cart being pushed by a rude lady, and made my way to the electronics section... Only to be disappointed by the selection. They were all out of the item I wanted at the great price... but they could sell me the same item bundled with other crap I had no need for, at almost double the price. I left and ended up getting the item at Target. Sorry Walmart, gave you another shot to win me over and once again, you failed.
3	Ugh, I hate giving Walmart credit for anything but they do have an excellent selection of citrus right now. I bought myself a bag of red moro oranges which are a type of blood orange that I have not seen anywhere else. They taste really citrussy and are a nice change from the standard orange. I also picked up a bag of softball-size grapefruits which aren't very common and were good to snack on. They also had Bausch & Lomb pure moist contact solution which Costco does not have.I also have not run into their loss-prevention measures as of recently, but I still think they should make them more subtle. Nobody likes shopping and feeling criminal for doing it.
2	I hate shopping at Walmart but it's one of the few places I can afford.
3	It was ok.
1	I hate this walmart! I know most people hate walmart in general and it's not my fave place to shop either and now that we have a winco near I shop here less. This place in on my way home from work so I stop in here sometimes to get things I can't find elsewhere and it is never a even a decent time. It's a pain to get in or out of the parking lot, there is always something going on here, cleaning, remodeling, or the stocking crew has their shit everywhere so that it is hard to move through the aisles. Everyone who works here seems to hate theirs lives and are extremely rude! They seem to always be restocking the selves yet somehow manage to constantly be out of things. This place is a freaking backwards train wreck in slow motion. I hate it and will drive out of my way to go to winco or sams instead.
2	I've been a fan of WalMart for many years...I  was in the very first Supercenter they opened back in 1977 in Washington, MO. That being said this WalMart has turned me off to shopping there. It's kind of a pain to get in and out of, the lines are long, the produce is picked over and not of good quality, the place seems to be out of things right when you need them. In short while they can save you money what good is it if you can't find what you need when you need it? 2 Stars. I hate this place but sometimes it's a necessary evil as they have a few things I can't get elsewhere.
3	I just hate the lines at Walmart and it takes for ever to get in and out of this place. Need to open up more registers.
3	my love & hate with walmart is always gonna be there;1. going down an aisle and need to look for an associate to help you but yet can't find one.2. you find an associate to help you but they don't work in that department!!! wtf!!! 3. you finally find an associate that works that department but they don't know what there talking about!! wtf!!! 3. walmart is all about quantity of items rather than the quality of there products. 4. never buy the furniture, they don't last.5. produce is not great, always bruise, picked at by another customer.6.  but the lines are always ridiculous because for some reason there is only one cashier. how is that possible and the next person that comes waits till there is only two people in line left!!! ugh! stupid customer service i say!! lastly: they can save your a little bit of money but the quality is lacking!!!
3	I come to the pharmacy quite often. I give the pharmacy 10 stars. But the rest of the store gets a zero negative. So over all I will give a 3 star total.   The staff don't treat you like they use to. The staffs sloth like way of working is quite sicking. I'm a 80's baby and back in the day. If you wanted an item the the staff would stop what they were doing and take you to the item. Now days the staff in Walmart are EXTRA LAZY and wont walk you anyplace. The bakery is a joke. All the staff at Walmart need a class on dealing with the general public. Try calling on the phone for any reason you will see the true meaning of dumb Fu%ks. At this location.
2	I was on my way to a shooting range in Boulder City when I thought I would stop in to Walmart for some ammo. What a mistake. There was nobody at the counter and a line was forming back in the sporting goods section. When a worker finally appeared he was helping people with fire arms purchases. This takes a long time. The line is growing and the deapartment could use some more help. Then appears another employee who answers the phone, hangs up and asks if I am ready to check out. I inform her I need some ammo. She says "okay" and walks away. Ridiculous. So I left without buying ammo or targets. Both of which I needed.
3	If you are looking to get in and out with only a couple of items, the lines always get extremely long here.This place has no self checkout....
1	I have used the Wal-Mart Marks St Pharmacy for several months and finally reached the end of my rope.  After 3 visits to get one prescription filled correctly I will never go back.  The reason?   The counter person AND Pharmacist both stated to me that......." We don't listen to what your Doctor tells us, we go by what your insurance company tells us !!! "   Great way to provide medical care !!!  Don't listen to the my Doctor ???  Amazing statement !!!
2	I try and avoid this location at all costs, just because I simply don't care for it. Went in today after not being here for a while. Mom needed ice cream and when I come to a Walmart I typically like to cruise the aisles for deals. Well, after I walked with mom to get her ice cream, she asked if I wanted to look around and I said no. Shocker.This location appeared pretty desolate and dirty today. It was actually quieter than it normally is. Every location has its "Walmartians" and this location typically has the creme de la creme, so I didn't stick around to observe them. In and out. That's my general mission when I come here and will remain that way. It's never clean and poorly organized.
3	I was in the area after getting my car serviced and I needed to pick up a couple of things for my wife.  Siri led me here.  Almost all Walmarts are the same unless they're older one.I found what I needed quickly, went to one of the quick checkout lanes that had NO ONE in line, and I was out the door in no time whatsoever.  Not bad.The woman who checked me out was very pleasant.  I'd come back here if I happened to be in the area and needed something but it's the opposite side of the valley from where I live.
5	I love going to Walmart, I can buy everything I need and everything I don't need lol :) this is always the Walmart that I go too even though I live closer to the one  on lake mead because I know where everything's at. I know a lot of ppl don't like going bcuz there is always a shit ton of ppl there, but this location, regardless of how busy it is, I never have to wait in line more than a couple min.
3	So, I really can't complain about this store. It is so much better than the one by my house. It even has a large fabric selection, that you can buy by the yard. Keep in mind, it is walmart, so do not expect anything above and beyond with customer service, or personalities.....I really like some of their clothing items. I found some cute neon work out bras for $4. They are super comfortable, and have removable padding.... they are also wire free, but I get decent support out of them. I've also been able to find some racerback tees, (100% cotton) for $3. I mean, they are cute, neon, animal print.. Today I even got one with flamingos all over it... To sweat up in the gym, why should I spend big bucks on the clothes to wear there?Is it Bloomingdales...?, no. but it will do.
2	What can I say? It's a giant, soulless box called Walmart. The prices are cheap and the product is basic, but I can't shake the feeling that I'm shopping at the enemy and supporting a really awful company.
1	I'll be Merciful for now and just quote from my own Consumer Experience here.  This is the Absolute Worst group of management Top to Bottom, and the Worst thing to ever enter our Community!  My Personal Experience has been one of Racial and Discriminatory Actions by almost every supervisor up through the Head Store Management and Wal-Mart's local Customer Concerns Office!  "QUINCY" and all other Management here is rude, ignorant, and has a God Complex dealing with educated, loyal, abiding Citizens whenever Wal-Mart makes a mistake or reneges on their policies and procedures. They do not fully honor their customer service policies, warranties, or claims. Now they won't even properly disclose exactly what their policies are, yet they will tell you verbatim that those policies are, "up to the manager on duty discretion!!!" Racist and Prejudice are Wal-Mart's customer policy in my experience.  Remember the numerous Customers killed directly or indirectly by employees or agents of Wal-Mart for various profit reasons? It seems like every Thanksgiving-Christmas now, doesn't it? If you are a Disabled American Military Veteran you can expect the most condescending discrimination of any business in Henderson!  They are a Total Disgrace to this Community! They fit perfectly next door to Another Dirty Community Eye-Sore, Station Casinos! EMBARRASSING for Henderson!!! This Yelper knows for sure that Henderson's Citizens will only be better off WHEN, not if, but WHEN this Big Box Store of China-made slave labor trash goes away just like Circuit City, Gold Circle, Woolworth, and Heck's to name a few...  The Brainwashed Employees, "Just Over Broke" (JOB) will also be better off even if they can't see it yet. Spending any of your money here just makes the World a worse place than if you didn't! Please try Target on Stephanie for at least a little more legitimate business to Henderson Peeps.
1	Whoever came up with the solution for checkout for Thanksgiving Day should be fired.   The lines were crazy.  I stood for 30 minutes in a line to checkout just to find out that the line lead to NOWHERE.   People were leaving empty handed because they could not figure out how to check out.    There was no way to get from one side of the store to the other because of the way they had the lines winding through the entire store.    People opened the 6pm things way before 6 and since people were still in line at 7:30 they went ahead and took what they wanted from the 8pm release since they would not be to the register until after 8.    I did not get out of there until 9:15pm .  It is my opinion they tried to over organize it and they made shopping crazy.     I did like that they had added security that they hired.   I also thought it was cute that McDonalds had a cart that they were selling things from in the store.  But the stuff was cold if you bought it.  (Great idea in theory but a hotbox would have helped.)    Maybe next year have numbers that people get when they are ready to check out.    Call them by the 100's   all of the 100's please come to the register area.   If they are not ready   too bad they need to get a new number.     That will teach them for getting a number before they are ready.    All the 200's your up.    This would keep people from standing in lines and they can maybe use that time walking around the store buying other things.
1	What a horrible experience with the Wal-Mart auto center. After 2.5 hours of waiting and taking half a day off from studying, I went back to the store only to learn that absolutely nothing was done for my car as they did not have an oil filter to change my oil. I was then met with rudeness when I complained to the staff about the situation. Needless to say, I will never be coming back here for anything, including something as simple as an oil change.
2	This is strictly for their photo department. I created a calendar online for my parents for Xmas, and it said it would be ready for pick up that evening at 7pm. I arrived about 650pm, so I did some shopping. Came to the photo department about 705pm. There was one associate, Laura, who was helping some folks at the photo kiosk. She turned around and asked if I needed help and I advised I had an online calendar order waiting. She went to the bin, grabbed the calendar, and handed it to me saying, Here you go and then walked away.  I contemplated leaving and heading to the front before checking it, but instincts told me better and I opened the packaging. Thank god I did because two out of the 12 months, the photos were printed upside down!  I turned around to see where Laura was and she was no where to be found. I waited for a bit thinking, maybe she ran to the ladies' room or something. Well, 20 minutes, 3 pages over the intercom by multiple associates, and she is still not back from wherever she went.  Not only was I standing there, but the people at the kiosk were now finishing up, and another woman with a child was there waiting as well, asking me if someone was working this department.  I asked for a store manager twice after the first page over the intercom, and they just re-paged her again.  10 minutes later, Laura, comes waltzing back and says, yes?  Ummm, I'm sorry, yes? is your response for being gone 30 minutes when people need assistance? If it was a lunch break, or mandatory break, you should have put up a sign!  I explained what was wrong and that this is unacceptable and she responds, "Ha, well my manager did that one wrong!"   Ok, frankly, I don't give a rat's a$$ who printed it wrong, can you please fix it, quickly, since I've been standing here for 30 min? She replies well it will take a while to fix.  Ok, how long?  I don't know she says.  Not once was there an apology for what happened or for me standing there 30 minutes waiting for her to waltz back to her job.  Great customer service Laura!  Actually, Great hiring Walmart on people that don't know what they're doing in certain departments. In the nicest way possible, I will say she tried fixing it and reprinting the two erroneous pages, but they kept printing one sided, so she advised me to come back in the morning and her manager will be here. She'll leave a note. Now, I don't have a confirmation of what happened, I don't have a receipt, because it's online, so I ended up calling the next morning and a very friendly woman, I'm assuming the manager, advised they were just resetting the machine and reprinting it.  I went back to the store and they did fix the issue and the calendar was ready.  Now I know it's Walmart, and probably not the greatest, happiest place to work on earth, but if you don't want to work there, quit, there are tons of people out there desperately seeking the job you suck at. Be thankful you HAVE a job in the first place and learn some customer service.  Apologize, don't blame other coworkers for problems because it just makes you look like you don't care, and assume some responsibility!  Sheesh!
4	I love walmart it has everything. The cashiers never seem happy ever I would be happy I have a job. And the parking lotus always full I still love it though
4	So this is the only Walmart I goto I have went to all off them and I like this one the best. The one on Lake mead is just to slow. The Nellis one is straight ghetto.  And so on. Marks is always pretty quick and the service has alway been on par. So I will continue to go out of my way just to go to the marks location where I don't get searched ever time I walk out like the Nellis location.
3	One of the better locations in town where I'm not harrassed by panhandlers. it's clean and organized. I hate the self checkout that every major grocery store is doing nowadays. lots of selections. I wish they have better meat/steak quality and actually have a seafood area not the frozen kind. Other than that it's your every neighborhood walmart that has al the things you might need and some.
3	When its time for costume making walmart has it all! Got my tule for a tutu very cheap. My camel pack also comes from here and is amazing. I rarely shop here for the common items bc I can find them cheaper other places. But they do have everything. Dislike the fact they serve fast food inside most of them. Ewww. Red box plus!
4	Aside from Win-Co this is my second favorite place to shop. I don't buy groceries here because Win-Co has better prices, BUT! I do shop for everything else at this store, and I have never been displeased.
1	I've had bad experiences at wal Mart before but never like this.  While I was loading my groceries to check out, part of them was hanging over the edge.  The cashier Lisa, an older and slightly overweight blond,never mind the terrible attitude, started hitting my groceries to push them back instead of just pushing them. Not the only problem that night,when she had to call a manager, Darryl, a twenty something African American, had an attitude like, why do I have to deal with customers.  Naturally when I got upset with their attitudes, he goes to the old standard, we are just trying to do our job.  This is one of many things you don't so as a manager let alone an employee.  I'm not saying don't shop at wal mart, but if you go at 11:00 at night, do yourself a favor and check out at another lane. Stay away from Lisa  and if you have a problem don't talk to Darryl.
1	So, I needed to replace our pool raft. They no longer carried the one we originally had so I picked out a longer "floaty". The box had tape on the side, which I thought little of at the time. I didn't open it until the next morning, and to my dismay, it was rolled into a ball and STUFFED inside the box. As I unrolled it, there appeared to be water INSIDE of the raft, throughout the entire thing! It was also dirty. Obviously someone popped it, and took it back for an exchange.Not only is this non-hygienic, but it reflects poorly on the stores management The customer service department didn't even check to see if it had been used, they just taped up the box and stuffed it back on the shelf. Before I took it back I emailed the main office. When we got to the store to exchange it, we patiently stood in line behind a customer who was returning and purchasing items. The clerk was very busy, but the 2 clerks behind her went about their business like we weren't there. Another customer showed up after we had been there about fifteen minutes, but one of the other clerks knew her so they called her over to their register. After the man with all of the items left, we were acknowledged, and I explained the situation with the raft to the clerk. She in turn suggested that I check all packages from now on, because customers do shady things like that all of the time!! ?!? What the hell? Shouldn't that be the job of Customer service? Wouldn't that be loss prevention? To make matters worse there's always a long line at customer service, only one clerk, and everyone else doing something other than CUSTOMER SERVICE pretending we aren't there!
1	I do not use Walmart pharmacy but out of necessity I had to today. I am still waiting after more than three hours. I was told when I dropped it off that they had to call my doctor-unfortunately I did not just call myself. They never called until I got upset at the counter. I knew by that time that they had lied to me about even trying to call. Now they are making excuses about how busy they were when they got back from lunch. This is after I got yelled at by the clerk because it was "my doctor that wasn't calling back" WHEN THEY NEVER CALLED HIM!  I should have known better and now i definitely do. I feel bad for anyone who has to use them
2	Wally world a necessary evil.  it has low prices and pretty much everything you need. Customer service is hit and miss, it's rare to find a cashier that looks happy to be there. However there is a young man in electronics who always goes above and beyond. The store is open 24/7 so if you work late you can still go shopping.
1	I really need a new Wal Mart.  I've been standing in the customer service line for 20 minutes behind the same people just to exchange cans of soup.
