1	Smoky smoke smoke...that is pretty much all I remember.  I don't care how "chill" and laid back this bar is.  I think I lost three years of my life by going here one night.  Mixed crowd, pitchers of beer, oh, and some serious cigarette smoke.
5	This place is GREAT!! Right down the street from my work AND house!!  great food great beer great prices!!
5	You want a great neighborhood bar with a bunch of locals and some pool tables... this is as good as it gets.Try the hot wings, they are good and the beer is cold as advertised.
5	Two great things to try here are the Mushroom/Bacon/Cheese burger and the Western Chicken sandwich--add bacon.The Chicken sandwich is my favorite.
4	This place stole my fiance. ....At least when he is missing I know where to find him! (and he brings me home their awesome chicken wings) hahaha
4	Great cheap eats and drinks. The food is surprisingly good and the price can't be beat ($2.00 for a giant basket of fries). The pool tables are $.50! The crowd is really varied and adds to the color of the place. The only downside is the bathroom :( It could stand a refreshening.
4	this is a great place since the 1980s in mesa. there is a nice vibe in here and really good food, open late. don't forget it is a full service liquor bar with a mixed crowd NO SMOKING
5	The food is "bar food" however, it is done very well. Chicken wings, sandwiches,  fries, burgers, etc. This is a bit of a dive bar but its cool none the less
4	Came here on a busy Friday night and had a great time! Awesome cheap burgers! Super great value at 4$ a burger!Great beer! Great service! Especially for how busy it was. Place was a little dirty and tables were sticky. But all in all it was a great experience.
2	I walked in & literally walked right out.Not my cup of tea......or beer.
4	Cheap beer decent food. You get what you came for in this place. Can get loud but that's to be expected from a blue collar dive bar
4	You get what you get here. Nothing fancy but all the classics that are really tasty. Cheap beer. Decently priced food. It's all the bar stuff and done well and inexpensive. I love this place!
4	It's a dive bar but it's a GOOD dive bar! $.50 pool and $6 pitchers of Bud Light. This turned out to be a great little venue for guys night out! Rock and roll playing on the jukebox and friendly staff.
5	My "go-too" for "Dive Bar" food and drink.  I should say, Comfort food!  The pricing is fantastic!  It's been here forever and the staff is pretty great.  Dive yes... nice selection of stuff to drink...
4	Great dive bar to go hide out in and have a beer. And the food is great! The cook it in front of you which I really like!
3	A dive bar with decent drink prices. Good for a conversation, bad for excitement. They do have a couple pool tables and an up to date Golden Tee machine.
