5	With the summer heat taking its toll on my energy I decided to outsource my lanscaping.  Call me lazy, incompetent, weak etc... no worries.  i can take it.  When I found out my neighbor joint ventured in a landscaping company,  I was intrigued what type of service they provide.  Do they speak english? How quickly do they respond to my needs?  Are they professional?  Do they take credit cards?  What type of work do they provide and how expensive are they being based in scottsdale?  Well, I decided to roll the dice and give it a go.  Not only did they meet my expectations, they surpassed them. and NO I have no vested interest in the company at all:).  They provided immediate service at very competitive pricing.  I also found out they do pool cleaning, masonry, electric work and irrigation services.  They are your front and back yard one stop shop.  In summation they are responsive, reliable, priced right and have excellent communcation skills.   You dont have to take the risk I did by rolling the dice with a new company. I give them 5 stars and I am sure you will too.  Ask for Roy when you call.Good luck.Zack
1	They started out okay, but within just a few months they had stopped coming and I never heard from them again! :( Very unprofessional and disappointing. Would not recommend these guys to anyone that is looking for good, consistent landscapers. If you want someone that will come for a while before leaving you in the lurch and do an okay job, these are the guys for you! If you like unpredictability and the adrenaline rush of not knowing if your landscapers will show up as scheduled to spiff up the yard the day before you are having a big pool party, this is the perfect place for you!
5	Chris did a fantastic job on my yard work which involved tree trimming, shrub and weed removal.   They were able to come out to my house the very next day after making a call and were extremely courteous.  I would highly recommend this landscaping service with their meticulous work ethic and very friendly service.
