5	I found this place by chance on a Sunday. I hadn't had my hair cut for 8 months due to my past stylist of 15 years moving. I'm so happy Chris knew exactly what I wanted, it was crazy after 3 minutes we were finishing each others sentences. Great place look for the signs it's on the second story. I'll be coming back for years to come!!!
1	I had my hair done by Maggie and left pretty disappointed.  I had high lights done but the roots didn't get done and it had some orange strands as well. I ended up having to redo my hair myself and felt that I deserved my money back.  And I guess the policy is no refunds it seems or she felt that I didn't  deserve a refund even though I was unhappy. :( I spent quite a bit of money and  do believe in good customer service and good policies for money back.  I wouldn't get my hair done by Maggie again. :(
5	I cannot say enough about what a great experience I had. My highlights are done to perfection, and my difficult cut is on point. On top of a amazing haircut, I also had an experience to match. Maggie knows her craft and has a fun demeanor. I felt totally satified and beautified when I left!
5	After my regular stylist moved,  I've tried many places to find someone who could cut my thick difficult hair. I have to go the the salon or barber shop quite frequently because my hair grows super fast. Some stylist are very good, but not too friendly. Others are friendly, but not so great at cutting hair.  I was recommended to go to Twist by a friend, specifically to see Maggie.  In Maggie I found a hairstylist who made me feel comfortable and welcome, and the girl can cut some hair. She has my return business, and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a stylist.
5	I followed Maggie to Twist By Oliver Hair Salon from her former salon, because she's just THAT good. I always get a cut, color and Brazilian Blowout and the results are always impeccable. In fact, this time I thought I might need a full highlight, but she convinced me I only needed a partial. Greedy stylists might have been thrilled by the higher-priced service I requested, but her honesty left me with more money in my wallet and beautifully colored locks ... she was right about the partial! And I've already received several compliments at work today of how unbelievably shiny my hair looks after last night's appointment. Beyond her expertise with color, scissors and products, Maggie is a pleasure to chat with during my appointments. This new location is hip and in a great part of Old Town, and will no doubt blossom under her management.
5	I got my hair colored by Karina.  I showed her a picture of what I wanted, Plum color for a fall style and the end results were awesome!!!  I love it!  The staff is very friendly! Already passed out their business cards out...need to replenish! ;)
5	What a great salon, Maggie is amazing and i cant wait to go back
5	I followed Holly Haugan to this salon. The staff is super friendly and per usual holly did a great job on my hair. I have recommended many girl friends to her and they all love her. I definitely recommend.
5	Maggie has always been fabulous.  When we moved here, my daughter and I searched for a stylist that would know how to deal with curly hair.  Maggie has bought life back to my daughter's hair after being ruined by several stylists in the area charging a lot more than Maggie.  As a bonus Maggie is a fun and friendly person!
5	I absolutely love this salon! The staff is awesome and Maggie did a great job cutting mine and my niece's hair!  My sister also got her hair colored by Kristen and it looked amazing!!
5	I just moved to Arizona seven months ago and I've been looking for a great salon to replace the one I had back home. I am beyond satisfied with my highlights and cut! Maggie is really good at her job and she's such a pleasure to be around. I felt like I was in such good hands and I will definitely be back.
5	Maggie is a genius with hair and color, but also does an amazing job with me (the dad) and the kids as well. Fun atmosphere with great people surrounded by great shopping and restaurants. Highly recommend!!!
5	I wrote a review about how disappointed I was when waiting 15 minutes in front of a closed hair salon. Well, I got a call back from them! Maggie called me back that following Monday apologized and really worked with me so that I would be a happy customer. I just got out of the salon and my haircut is great. Maggie listened to everything I wanted and exceeded any expectation I had. I am so relieved and excited to have found a good hair salon in Arizona.
5	Killer atmosphere! They made it so easy to book a quick appointment to fit my busy schedule. Maggie Devine (the salon director) made my hair look phenomenal! She was so fun to talk to - I am officially stuck on this salon for good! Highly recommend Twist by Oliver Salon :)
5	Came in yesterday and Will was my Stylist. He is AMAZING. I got such a nice color and style and his personality is so fun! Will be going back when i'm in the area
