3	While the spa here is probably not as elaborate or fancy as other strip hotels, the services were great. You can't beat the prices either! I would emphasize going here over a lot of the more pricey spas along the strip. Everyone who worked here was great. I really had a relaxing morning at the IP Spa. My only suggestion would be to update the showers and hot tub area.
5	I'm not one to judge this experience, since I rarely do the spa, and I love the old school, which this is. I really liked the whole facility, the staff, very, very, clean. Fruit and juice in the waiting room. Steam, sauna, showers, everything to razors, toothbrush, everything. Deborah and Billie are true professionals. Thanksps can't beat the price Go Guys
4	While I cannot comment on the hotel, I can say that I have visited the Spa at Imperial Palace a half a dozen times. Its not the swankiest spa, but for the price and services, its great! I have never been unhappy with a treatment there. I have had two side by side massages, both wonderful. I am planning to visit in March.
5	I've stayed at this hotel a couple times, because it's in the perfect location, and the right price. The spa is definitely the best part of the hotel.Great prices, clean, amenities like the steam room, sauna, and jacuzzi, and very friendly staff. I spent a lot of time in the steam room to sooth my allergies, and afterwards received a wonderful aroma therapy massage from Jarvis. Loved it, loved it loved it!I'm not too crazy about the hotel, but I'm now a huge fan of this spa.
5	The spa is reasonable and I loved it !! I have been to others. It was clean and worth it. Very nice staff and very concerened that it was my husbands first time... Thanks IP he loved it !!! Happy birthday babe!!!
5	I agree with the positive reviews of this spa.  I had a facial and massage there last week, and the spa was very clean.  They had water, fruit, and all the toiletries one could possibly need.  The service was good, and the price reasonable.  I'm thankful that Yelp reviews helped me make a good choice.
2	I gave this place two stars only because of my massage therapist and the esthetician.Let me start this off with a warning.  This place is dirty.  We did the two 25 min services for $80.  My friend who has never been to this hotel booked it.  The girls at the front desk are a bit rough around the edges and not inviting.  We were shown into the changing room and ALL of the bathrobes that they tell you to change into are uncomfortable and STAINED!  I was mortified.  i had to keep most of my clothes on just to feel comfortable and safe in the bathrobe.  The services were good though.  I had a male massage therapist for my massage.  I told him medium pressure which he did.  Don't expect greatness especially since in 25-50 minutes you can't do much.  Then I got a facial and it was nice.  Since it was 25 minutes she rushed a lot to do too much. I wish she would have done less and slowed down and perfected a couple things.  If you do a special that is the only reason you should come here.  Other than that their prices are just as overblown as everywhere else.I definitely left this place uncomfortable and will not be coming back here again.
5	I'm a Hawaii resident that spent one week in Vegas at the Imperial Palace. Since I broke my wrist right before this trip, I was unable to blow out my hair and if you know me, I spend quite a few $$$ to upkeep my hair. For $40-$45 for shampoo and blow out, I decided to give the Salon at the IP a try; after all, other hotels like the Palms where going to charge me $75 for the same services. Marissa Medoro, Deborah Stephens and Nancy were AWESOME! This is truly a diamond in the rough. I was so happy with their service and the reasonable cost, I went 4-5 times for a wash and blow out and I even used their make-up application service or a special night on the town. A entire week in Sin City with frizzy, curly hair would have made me one unhappy gal, but these ladies made my stay in LV and the IP a very great one. Very talented professionals. Definitely see Marissa for a GREAT blow out and "Kim Kardashian" night out on the town fab makeup look.
5	My spa experience at the Imperial Palace was a dream come true! The check in was very smooth. They gave me a luscious robe and shower shoes to change into and provided a locker for my belongings. I waited for my therapist in the large whirlpool bath. The Spa also offers a steam room and sauna. My massage therapist, Rhyan, was fabulous! The pressure was just right and he knew exactly how to seek out the knots and melt them away! After my massage, I enjoyed a facial. The technician asked me several questions to determine which products to use on my particular skin. Everything was expertly applied and I came out of the facial room feeling relaxed and silky.  The Spa was offering a special which allowed me to receive both services and the use of the facility for only $80. I only wish The Spa was close to home so I could go every week!
5	I chose this salon because of the yelp reviews & I was not disappointed. This place is great. The price for a haircut is reasonable. Marissa Medoro wash, cut, and styled my hair. Shes very professional and polite. The place is very clean & organized. Im definately returning next time im in vegas for additional services like a facial.
3	I was lured in by the two services for $80 special.  I chose to get the foot massage and the rejuvenation massage.  Which together equals almost a full body massage.  Nonetheless, it was a pretty decent massage.  Before hand, I enjoyed the steam room and ate the fresh fruit they have prepared in the waiting room.The problems came in the massage room.  My massage therapist was too chatty and rushed me afterwards.  She told me to take my time getting up from the table but a minute later so was yelling my name from outside the door, asking me if I was alright.  I don't take too kind to being rushed so I couldn't phathom tipping her.If you have a Total Rewards card, you are issued an additional 10% off the price, as this spa is located in the Imperial Palace. (Duh, as if you couldn't tell by the name).  The Imperial Palace is not the best hotel on the strip, but look past all the moldy carpets and cheesy celebrity impersonators and head upstairs towards the spa.  The spa is in a much better condition then the actual hotel.
