5	OKAY! This is what I am talking about!!!!Located across from Smart & Final, you will find cute-sy office buildings on the corner of St. Rose and Eastern.I went on their website before my guy's appointment,and printed out their new patient paperwork. We had it all filled out so no time was wasted sitting on our asses.We arrived at our appointment time, handed the woman (who looked like she belonged in a call center with the headset she was wearing) our completed paperwork, along with insurance card, and photo ID.The office is very nicely decorated, but it has a boat load of trinkets. If you plan on coming with a small child, like I did, be prepared to hold onto them tight!Within ten minutes, my guy was called back for his appointment. He was given answers to all his questions, and all his concerns were addressed.While he was in the examination room, clients kept coming in! This office was poppin'! ! We were in and out in under an hour! This is the spot to go to if they take your insurance!!!!Oh, also, the doctor gave him 2 different lotion samples, and a body wash sample to try for his skin. HOLLA !
5	I have been going to Dr. Samlaska for 18 years. He knows what he is doing, unlike some other dermatologist in this town. Never have to wait more than 10 minutes to get in. Any negative reviews are just bogus and not true. He is an amazing surgeon and very friendly. He won't waste your time with idle "chit chat". He gets to your problem, takes care of it, and moves on. I have seen other dermatologists in Vegas, and most of them are either crazy or totally incompetent, If you care about yourself, your wife, or your children, take them to see Dr. Samlaska.  He is not only DOCTOR Samlaska, he is also Colonel Samlaska, US Army,  Ret. .
5	Very professional punctual staff and doctor. I have been there 2x. Both times I was seen exactly on time. His nitrogen procedure was quick and painless. I like that he has fair skin like me. And he confessed to being in sun too much in his youth. The other dermatologist (another office) I felt was putting me down and demonstrated little compassion. He told me at 50 years old I would look 60! Nice!
5	Best doctors experience I have ever had . The doctor was so nice and really explained everything . The office was extremely clean and very nice overall . The location was pretty easy to find and my favorite thing of all was that they were fast and efficient my appointment was at 10am and I was actually seen at 10am I was out of the office by 10:30 which is amazing usually when I go to any doctors I'm there for at least 2 hours . This place was awesome . I can't say enough good things .
5	If you live in Henderson to South/Southwest Las Vegas and are looking for a good Dermatologist I Highly recommend this place. I just moved here from Hawaii and was looking for a good dermatologist but I realized that it's hard to find a good one. I just had a pimple that needed a shot of cortisone and I called to schedule an appointment. The receptionist, MA (Medical Assistant), and Kristen The PA (Physician Assistant) That helped me were so warm and friendly and helpful. They are very time efficient always on time if not ahead of schedule, and I was in and out in under 30 minutes. I highly recommend this place for Dermatology and I will definitely be returning. Thank you guys so much Kristen PA & Staff! :)
5	I work in F&B and wash my hands constantly and basically wears latex gloves nearly 7 hours a day when I am at work.  Over time, I have developed eczema that was getting to be painful when my hands get too dried and it cracks. Yeah, gross.So with the help of one of my Yelp friend and RN, an appointment was made and I showed up for my first office visit within a week of calling.  This was a huge plus already compared to another dermatologist I tried to book an appointment with, with first available appointment at least 3 weeks out!  Since I am a new patient, a certain amount of paperwork had to be filled out (I recommend printing out the forms at home and filling it out before your appointment or simply show up earlier).Once the paperwork formalities have been completed and insurance information collected, I was escorted to one of two rooms to await the PA that gathers the initial information on the computer before the dermatologist shows up.  Even though I knew my skin irritation was most likely nothing to severe, I still had some anxiety about it.  But my doctor was great. She took a look at it, asked me a few questions, and provided her diagnosis and prescription to a nearby pharmacy (literally just a few minutes away on the other side of the road).  I was even given a promotional coupon for the pharmacy that gave new referral patients a $5 Target Gift Card.Within days of applying the prescription medication on affected areas on my hand, the condition quickly improved.  So I was very happy with the results of my office visits here.5 stars for the professional and courteous staff, and knowledgeable doctor that treated me with compassion, care and correct medical diagnosis.  I would totally recommend Academic Dermatology of Nevada for anyone that is in need of expert care from a dermatologist.5 stars!
