2	Not too much to love or hate about this place.  Traditional Mexican fare for the masses.
3	Its ok. This place has a unique flavor. Origanely from Miami-Globe area, they have expanded down here in the valley. They have a strong following. I have eaten here about 10 times, cause of location.
4	Casa Reynoso is definitely nothing fancy, but the food is good and consistently so! I've eaten there about a dozen times and each time has been great. The service isn't great, but it is more of a hole-in-the-wall so I don't expect much. The servers aren't overly cheesy and trying to win a tip. They simply take your order, and bring you good food, followed by the check. That's it. It's usually busy, but I've never had to wait to sit down. The complimentary chips and salsa are great too!
3	So was expecting a lot from this place based on a friends review and was let down they did not meet my expectations. The service was ok and the food was good but not great. The chili relleno was gross! It tasted like old fryer oil. I would go back because everything else was good but stay away from the relleno for sure..
5	I'm from Globe-Miami, the capital of Mexican food...so I grew up eating this family's food. So excited to move back to Mesa and have Xaviers in my backyard. I recommend starting your meal with a cheese crisp!
5	This is my go to place for home style Mexican!  Love the green chili burrito (get it 'smothered' enchilada style) and the machaca tacos!  My daughter who is 4 is a die hard bean burrito fan!  When we are at Mexican restaurants she will ask the server if they make the beans like Xavier!
2	I usually go to Joanna's at mill/southern in Tempe. Was I'm this part of town during lunch so stopped by.  Green chili burro was good. Taco was burnt. Taking my bean burro w me. Waitress brought my food and never came back but to give my togo. Very disappointed.
4	One of our homestyle mexican favorites. A true "hole in the wall". The dining room could be updated but the food is excellent. Not huge portions to where you will need a to go box. Have to walk thru the kitchen to use the restroom (kind of strange), but at least they have one.
4	Pretty awesome Globe, AZ inspired Mexican food. It's not as fancy as a corporate joint but the food there in delicious. And they always have country music on. Which I appreciate! Order the #1 combo. Tamales are great
4	If your not a fan of fresh salsa, savory enchilada sauces and a kiss of fresh melted butter on your burro but rather you get excited for those preservative rich strait from the can joints with an army of microwaves in the kitchen to make your food, well then you'll hate this place.
5	If you want some great Mexican food eat here.  It's a family ran Bussines and they are all really nice. I usually get the butter bean burrito with a side of rice.  All around good place to go.
4	You haven't had a bean burro until you've had one at Casa Reynoso. This is one of the first places I ate at when I visited Phoenix for the first time a few years ago and the cheese crisp lives in my heart as one of my top five comfort foods.This place is no frills, a hole in the wall if there ever was one. It has a lived in look to it and the decor could use a spruce, but I don't come to look at the walls, I come to eat. It seats maybe 50 people so avoid the lunch or dinner rush because there will be a wait! But it's definitely worth it. Casa Reynoso has a pretty simple menu of burros, tacos, enchiladas, chimichangas, enchiladas and would fall under the category of just another Mexican restaurant if the food wasn't so consistently GREAT. As a new Arizona local I have to say I'm loving the fact that green chiles are an option pretty much everywhere and CR is no exception.As mentioned, the cheese crisp (with green chile of course) is a favorite. A crispy tortilla topped with delicious melty cheese and green chile. It's cut up like a pizza and meant to be shared, but really I would fight someone to eat the whole thing.Prices are dirt cheap-your most expensive meal is maybe $15. The portion sizes are generous and they don't skimp on the meat. Service can be hit or miss, but I've accepted it for what it is...I do it for the cheese crisp!If you're looking for a casual meal and a place where sweatpants can be worn without judgement, Casa Reynoso is your place.
5	My favorite place to grab Mexican food.  Green chili is a little too mild but still my favorite chili in burros. The best green chili is at the Burger House in Miami, AZ.  Both restaurants, from what I hear have 'shared' recipes with some minor liberties. Tacos more often than not, are over cooked/burned shells, but still better than the competition.Architecturally outdated interior but I think it's intentional.  Doesn't matter since I only order 'to go' here.In the mafia, they call it 'made men',,,since they are family owned and operated, the younger staff are an entitled bunch, so don't expect to get personable service.
5	First time there but definitely not the last. Read the reviews and thought we would give it a try. The food was delicious. I had the combo of relleno and enchilada and my hubby had the signature burro. We loved the food. The refrained beans were out of this world, rice was very good, and everything else was exceptional. The place is not fancy but with good food you don't need anything fancy. It's in a strip shopping center. Definitely worth a second & third & fourth, etc. trip
5	Great Mexican food!  I love there chips and Salsa and Bean and Cheese Burrito enchilada style.  One of my "go to" places in Mesa! Very reasonable prices!
2	If you want the real thing, take the time to actually drive to Miami/Globe. This place is nothing like the food you get in Miami/Globe and just because they are extended family doesn't mean that you are getting same quality of food. While service was friendly, the food was not worth a first trip. Tostada was soggy and dripped liquid, they charge for chips that come in a bowl no bigger than the salsa bowl, and cleanliness was questionable. I truly do not like to write bad reviews, and generally don't. But there are so many better choices for both quality and value.  If you want Miami/Globe style, then take time to drive there. No extension comes close.
2	I used to really like this place but it seems the quality has dropped off. I picked up a to go order today and it reminded me why I had not eaten their food in almost a year.
5	this is true Arizona old school Mexican food!!!! there is a reason this family has 10 plus restaurants across AZ and still in Business!!! the green chili is good and the cheese crisps are the best around!!!! the salsa is mild and has a great taste!!! the burros are made with another local tortilla company and delivered fresh daily!!!! I am there enough that I have seen the delivery truck on a daily basis and always stop at the other locations this family has in Globe, Safford, Miami and anywhere I have traveled.... highly recommended!!!!
5	The food is delicious and the staff is quick and friendly. It is priced for everybody.
5	Classic Mexican food for a really great price. They have really good enchilada sauce their tacos are very good. I love the special bean burro with green chili and butter.If you love Mexican food you gotta try this place out.
4	Great authentic Mexican food!  Have been here a few times and never disappointed.  Don't forget to bring cash instead of using a credit card to help this local business.
4	Their bean and cheese burritos along with the salsa on top is a guilty pleasure of mine...Tried a green chili chicken enchilada today and enjoyed it! Just the right amount of spice and full of flavor. Prices are great, authentic food! Try it, you won't be disappointed!
5	I'm not kidding and neither is this place, the green chili bean & cheese burrito is amazing! Once we found this place we went twice in one week! Now I live in downtown Phoenix & can't wait to make the trek to Mesa to eat here! Family owned too!
4	This is my favorite mexican food place ever!!  I rated a 4 because its only good in the day time. After about 4pm it seems it been sitting too long, otherwose id probably eat there way too much.  The xaviers special burrito is amazing as well as their salsa.  Id def recommend xaviers to anyone looking for good mexican food.  My only suggestions would be to upgrade appliances, remodel, expand and open on sundays!
