1	Went to the newest Crazy Pita at Downtown Summerlin today and had the worst lunch experience ever.  Stopped by at lunch time and waited in a short line.  I ordered a chicken pita and a small bottle of water for a little more than $12.00, which I thought was too expensive, but I wanted to try this place.  I was given a number and told a waitress would bring over my food when it was ready.  The place is small with a small outdoor patio area.  As all the tables inside were taken, I found a small table outside to wait for my lunch.  I waited for 55 minutes and still had not received my food, so I went inside to ask what was going on with my order.  I noticed lots of people standing around pondering the same thing.  When I went up to the counter to ask when I could expect my food, the woman next to me said  she waited about 50 minutes and received a pita that was inedible with cold fries that were so oversalted she could not eat them.  I asked what order number they were on and was told there were still 12 orders to be prepared before mine.  I lost my patience as I really didn't want to wait another hour to receive what was essentially a chicken sandwich and left.  I will never go back there.  The service is horrible, the prices too high, and, from  what I saw and heard of the food, it's definitely not worth a two hour wait.
3	A casual Mediterranean eaterie. I ate here when I came to the opening of Downtown Summerlin. I ordered the Mixed Grill of Two Skewers Plate with steak and chicken. The steak skewer was a bit overdone and slightly chewy, but still fairly good....but the chicken skewer was top notch. If chicken can melt in your mouth, this chicken did! The skewers were served on a bed of flavorful couscous with a cucumber salad and hummus on the side. I especially enjoyed the pita bread--it was very light and soft, almost fluffy! The service was excellent, the servers were friendly and very attentive. I will definitely go back, maybe to try the shrimp or salmon. Or maybe to see if that chicken is always so good!
1	Wait time is ridiculous. There is no excuse to take 50 minutes to get a pita to a customer. We were not informed of any wait when we ordered. I watched the line extend out the door multiple times, then an employee would tell the people about the long wait and they would all leave. The place lost hundreds of dollars in revenue in the hour I was waiting there. Fries were ice cold.
1	Just walked up to the counter and tried to order. The girl behind the counter said "Did you hear? All food is taking 45 minutes to come out. Would you like to order?" Ummm - no! How can a pita take 45 minutes? It's 1 pm on a Monday and they weren't even full! No thanks.
2	Here's the thing, I'm here on a work trip and needed a quick lunch before I start my day. I waited 45 minutes from cash wrap to food on the table to eat when I had an entire hour for my lunch set aside. The business model is poor and not equipped to service the clientele that wants to eat at this shopping center. Tighten up your screws if you want to survive this market. Thank you for the rushed lunch and stomach ache. PS the food is OK. Not worth 45 minutes. It's just a sandwich at the end of the day or a plate of romaine...I love this type of food and would love to enjoy it on my visits, but I can't afford the time I lose. Thanks.
2	food is really just ok. they must improve otherwise when other restaurants open at Downtown Summerlin it would be hard for them to survive...
5	Food is great! Definitely worth the wait. I'd rather wait to have good food cooked correctly.  Just remember that Mediterranean food can't be done right in 5 minutes.  Just wait it out, we'll worth the wait.
5	LOVE this place,  the food so amazing and so is the service.   Every time I eat   there  the food is perfect and delicious,  the steak skewers have the most tender perfectly seasoned taste.    They just opened this 3rd location at downtown summerlin and they are very busy with a wait sometimes,  but that is because they are SO good!   Crazy Pita is Crazy Good !
2	I really wanted to like this but there were some things that were lacking to give Crazy Pita a higher rating. I went on 10/20 in the late afternoon the place had steady traffic but not packed. First, the service....was friendly and attentive. The server came to my table a couple of times to check up on my needs and always had a smile.  Next, the wait and price.....I order a falafel pita which cost 12.95 w/a drink it also came with a small order of fries but that's kinda on the high side in my opinion.  The order took about 15 mins to get which i thought was slow but based on previous reviews I guess is pretty fast for here.  The food.....was ok....not the worst but definitely not the best and I'm pretty easy to please. I would of liked a couple of sauce options which I have had at similar Mediterranean places (spicy green, tzatziki)  Considering the wait time, and price, I can only give 2 stars, If it were around $8 and I got my food in 2 mins, I could bump it up to a 3.
2	We dined here today. Not impressed at all!   We love Mediterranean food, especially kabobs or pitas.  We got the kabob platers. While the chicken and shrimp kabobs were pretty good the rest of the platter was terrible!  The veggies were soggy and mushy and couscous had zero flavor.  The hummus was on the runny side and the cucumber salad was nothing to write home about.   It was busy but I think that's gonna change once more restaurants open in the mall.  Also the prices were super high for what you get. We could go to Khoury's and get awesome kabob meals for the same price.
1	Service was very friendly. They are missing the mark on food. Salad dressing is store bought. Meats are tough. Hummus is bland. Menu reads super but tastes less than average. Would not come back unless they became a more authentic Mediterranean restaurant.
3	I've eaten here 4 times since the mall construction. I was impressed by the Decor, and service, but that's about it.I was first invited in, when working the Macy's soft opening... Everything was really good. However, I was very surprised at how much I payed.I went in a week later, and apparently they were only open for construction workers, but the rest of us had to wait outside, then being told our food was delivered to the store. By the time we walked back, my friend didn't have time to eat, and I had to search for my food. To find out it was sent back... I then had to wait another 30 mins for delivery.The next time I went in alone, everything was good. However, I payed dinner prices for lunch.Then went there once again with my wife... We could've driven to Twain & Durango to get better quality food, and would've paid half. Although the place is nice looking, and the soda machine has many options, I hope they can work on the prices... $12.00- $15.00 per person is ridiculous for what you get! I can't wait until more places open!
3	Out for a nice walk through the new Downtown Summerlin and came upon this place. The price was right for our choice of meals. We had lamb and shrimp with a side of what they called feta salad. The salad was 99% cucumber with little to no olives and tomatoes in it. This is the same salad that they used for the pita and by the time you got to the middle it was soggy and falling apart.Although the pita was good, I would have rather had it stuffed as opposed to a wrap. None of our meals came with tzatziki sauce you had to ask for it.Honestly, I don't believe we will be going back for a meal there anytime soon as there are better places to choose from. However, you can judge for yourself it's a fairly new place and the service is great.
5	Eaten here twice now. Every bit as good as the original locations. Yes, it's busy people. There are like 3 restaurants in a new complex that the entire LV area is scoping out. Settle... Food is fresh and the service has been friendly despite the busy environment.
5	super delicious vegetarian friendly food & really friendly owner! love it!
2	Came in with a nice dinner with my parents. After paying for my food I went to grab a drink and they ran out of ice and did not tell us. After bring out our food they took an additional 5 mins to grab us a fork. After complaining about the ice they just said there is simply nothing they can do. I was disappointed by the service.
5	I loved the food at Crazy Pita and can't wait to go back and try something else.  I had a steak skewer and it was moist and delicious.  The hummus is very good, and the service and the workers are very helpful.
4	I love Mediterranean food, so I had to try it out. food is good, takes a while to get it, which is a good thing - it's not pre-cooked. Server was friendly, food tasted good. I hope they can keep it up.
1	The manager Daniella called African American women the N word. I will not be eating there ever again.
4	This place is your typical fast food mediterranean type of place but better.  Ive had the chicken (gyro and kabob)  as well as the shirk, both were wonderfully seasoned without being salty.  They have yummy baklava as well (they have the square regular kind a well as the ones that are rolled up (those have a different name but I can't remember) The service is also really quick, about 5 to 10 minutes.  (please ignore all of the posts about the wait being 45 min, or at least take into consideration that it was the grand opening of the summerlin mall and there were only 2 other restaurants open) Give it a try!
2	I ve been twice and haven't liked it either time. The lines are crazy long and by the time you get the food it's not good! The hummus come like water and the meat has been undercooked both times! Won't be back sorry to say!!
3	The food is good (same menu as the other locations) but it does take a while for it to arrive. Admittedly it was lunchtime so I suppose the lesson to learn is if you are hungry it is better to come outside of the lunch rush.
3	Food here is an interesting take on Mediterranean standards. Servings come from the kitchen very slowly,  but the offerings are tasty.  It's not currently a place for a quick meal,  but the atmosphere is convivial and staff members are helpful. We three tried the grape leaves (dolmades), which came with a yogurt studded with what seemed to be a sort of pickle. The couscous, flavored with curry powder, and no fresh parsley,  arrived warmed with chunks of squash, orange and green,  and a side of pita. The soup looked hearty--it was vegetable- and beef-laden. Chicken pita also was among our choices,  and the chicken pieces were quite large.  Caesar salad is not something we'd recommend. Other notes: The pita is flat, sweet, and couldn't be split open. Pita chips are used for croutons in the salad. Fresh brew teas are available,  including a good green tea, and are expected to be drunk iced. Once the noon wait time for the kitchen to process orders is lessened,  we'll list this store as one to revisit.
4	A pretty good spot if you are in the mood for some Mediterranean food in Downtown Summerlin. The location is bright and airy, and has an outdoor seating area as well. Everything is made to order, so after you place your order, you'll get a table number and your meal will be brought to you. All in all, it took perhaps 10 minutes.The pitas are served with an order of fries, which aren't really that necessary or remarkable. I actually wished that I could order my pita separately, as with the fries the cost was $8.99. (if they had an option for gyro-only for about $6.50, that would be perfect!).  There were large chunks of meat, feta cheese, olives, and cucumber within. It was very tasty, but be careful of those big meat chunks! Although tender enough, I almost choked on one because of the size.The restaurant itself was pleasant, but I wasn't crazy about the fact that the bathrooms are located right next to the trash cans, in a small corridor, and they were 1-stall rest rooms. I can see that at busy times, there might be quite a line. They also were already showing signs of use and could have been better maintained. All in all, it was a good dining experience, so I hope that they do well!
3	Decent quality fast-food-esque option at the Downtown Summerlin mall. Pita sandwiches, kabob plates, and a variety of sides round out the menu, along with some kid options.Lamb kabobs are tasty, steak pita is a great combination of flavors.The vegetable couscous was interesting and higher-quality than I expected, but the pita seemed pre-made storebought and just warmed up rather than made fresh. Dolmas didn't do it for me, but the tzatziki sauce they were served with was downright sour- dislike, put me off finishing the order.Service was interesting.Many reviews state service was incredibly slow when they first opened, and per an Eater article they have tripled their staff. Wait on a weekday afternoon was just shy of $15 with six employees standing around and no one in line ahead of me. If your employees are trained to be efficient, you don't need as many. That being said, the ones I encountered were polite but there was a lot of standing around going on. Free wifi available, two TVs in dining room, Coke Freestyle machine here too.
4	A pretty good spot if you are in the mood for some Mediterranean food in Downtown Summerlin. The location is bright and airy, and has an outdoor seating area as well. Everything is made to order, so after you place your order, you'll get a table number and your meal will be brought to you. All in all, it took perhaps 10 minutes.The gyros are served with an order of fries, which aren't really that necessary or remarkable. I actually wished that I could order my gyro separately, as with the fries the cost was $8.99. (if they had an option for gyro-only for about $6.50, that would be perfect!).  There were large chunks of meat, feta cheese, olives, and cucumber within. It was very tasty, but be careful of those big meat chunks! Although tender enough, I almost choked on one because of the size.The restaurant itself was pleasant, but I wasn't crazy about the fact that the bathrooms are located right next to the trash cans, in a small corridor, and they were 1-stall rest rooms. I can see that at busy times, there might be quite a line. They also were already showing signs of use and could have been better maintained.All in all, I would return if I were out for a day of shopping.
3	I do not get what the hype about this place was about.  Quite mediocre food. Our lamb skewer was overcooked (even charred in spots) as were the shrimp in the pita. All the sides were just so so, about what you'd expect at a food court pita place... Definitely agree with all those who said it's overpriced for what it is.
4	Decent spot for some quick Mediterranean food. Was pretty packed around 6 pm when we got in. Crowd started dispersing quickly after though. We got our food within 10 mins of ordering. Got the Crazy Pita Salad with added chicken. Salad was a great size and everything was chopped small and loaded with cucumbers! Made it very easy to eat. However, the chicken skewer was pretty overcooked, charred, and dry. Didn't really care for the feta cheese either. I'm not sure what kind they use, but it's not your typical crumbly variety. It's mushy and sticks together. Makes it very hard to put on your food if you get it on the side. Overall, everything was decent.I love the pita here. Not your typical whole wheat hard and floury pita; it's more of a fluffy white bread. Comes out warm too, which was really nice. Key lime pie was amazing! Very very rich and fluffy, more like a mousse. Customer service was really great. They came by quite a few times to ask us how our meals were and to take empty plates and trash.
5	If you follow my blog Colorblind then you know I love this place. reminds me of my family and my dad's cooking. Everything is fresh including the hummus and the staff there is so sweet! You can enjoy a glass of wine grilled deliciousness and not feel guilty! Unless you eat all the pita bread like I did. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas!
3	Lamb pita was very good, and the staff was very nice, but it took over 20 minutes to get my order. I'm not sure what the problem was, because they're fully staffed and there doesn't seem to be a rush.I'll give it another shot, but this wasn't a great first experience
5	Yum! The smell of the meet being grilled needs to be bottled up and sold as cologne! The staff is great even when the line is out the door, things seem to be on track and the food is amazing! I love the steak kabobs, and the humus is awesome too! Glad to see it close by my home! The pita bread is warm and fresh! Going to try some more things when I go back! Lunch is always packed get there before 1150 am!
1	Went in around 8pm last night for a quick meal and the restaurant was obviously still new because the area was nice and clean. There was a family of 4 ordering before us and a couple in line behind us and a couple tables were occupied so the place was steady. Upon ordering the cashier was nice and took our order but informed us that our order will need to be placed as a take out order because they are slow tonight and will close. We asked her what time they close and she says 9pm. We also asked if we get our food as take out can we sit in the restaurant and eat the food we ordered. The cashier asked the manager who was behind her and the cashier  turned back to us and apologized and said sorry, no we can't eat in the restaurant because they are slow tonight and are going to close the restaurant. So as we waited for our food we noticed that more people came in after us to order and it was only around 815pm. Our food finally arrives around 830pm and it was some what prompt but considering a "slow night" for them I would think it would be prepared sooner. My husband goes and asks the manager if we could sit for a quick bit since they don't close at 900pm and she says we have to be off the property by 9pm. We asked her to elaborate and clarify if "the restaurant closes at 9pm" OR "everyone has to be out of the restaurant at 9pm" and she says they close at 9pm.  Well she finally gave us the ok to sit and eat in the restaurant which we felt like we had to rush through the meal. I thought that this was ridiculous and completely unprofessional. Basically, and I would have to say unfortunate but worst customer service ever.
2	The food wasn't bad, but it was incredibly slow service. It took forever to place an order and there was no one in line. I probably won't be back .. I can't stand slow service
4	Just love the crazy pita. Whenever I ask my family where do they want to eat, crazy pita is always one of the top three choices. I have never had a problem with customer service even when they are busy. For everyone who has written a semi negative or absolutely negative review just go to another franchise / chain restaurant and you can eat there microwaved food and get great customer service. I am happy that an independent family owned restaurant opened up in downtown Summerlin.
5	For a fast food joint this place in on point! ;P My favorite is the veggie pita with fries. Very tasty. Super friendly and attentive staff. Clean and bright, too.
