4	.
5	Okay this place is fuckn awesome. Initially I just started coming in because I thought the manager was hot and I wanted to stare at him more then I started lingering a bit more not to the extent of a bad fart but more like the smell of fried chicken that makes you want more. Anyways I started hanging there more and all the dudes (and one chick) are cool as shit. Really open people. I've never  seem them once give poor service to anyone even customers who give attitude. They keep it professional and personable. Just try it out. This place is pretty dope.
5	I absolutely adore this place. I have been in here enough times to earn a free smoothie with my frequent buyers card, and every time I have come here, the staff has been amazing. To top that off, the store is always well stocked and clean. I have yet to purchase any merchandise here, but I really love their smoothies. They have lots of fresh ingredients and will customize anything for you, if you just explain what you are looking for (i.e., meal replacement, protein, pre- or post- workout, low calorie, low sugar, fancy add-ins, etc.).I come here anytime I am looking to add some protein to my diet, or for a meal replacement when I am on the go. LOVE THIS PLACE! :D
4	First visit was awesome! Whomever was working was extremely friendly, helpful & knowledgeable. He bade me a sugar free lie carb peanut butter chocolate shake. If this place was slightly closer to my home it would be dangerous! Can't wait to go back.
2	Might not go back. My first visit was great I was helped out by a very friendly blonde girl. My second and third visit (which was today) were terrible. I had the same guy made my shake both visits, I ordered the stack and got just a regular banana protein shake, no other supplements were added, the guy is really rude and careless. Might try to go back but if he's at the counter I will be walking right out.
1	This is my third time here the first two times the girl there was really friendly and nice and helpful, but the third time is not a charm. There was some puffed up guy that was not friendly, and my tanning booth in bed number 1, 3 bulbs were burned out, and the eye cover thing was missing the plastic cover on one side, I told him all  that when I got out and he didnt even say sorry. He could at least have said sorry! The first 3 tans were free with a coupon, I had to pay $15 for one tan this time.
5	Super friendly staff!!!!!. Walked in with some questions on what kind of creatine I should get . The manger helped me out with all my question ,also helps that he's a total hot beef cake . Definitely gonna go here from now on .recommend this place to anyone just for there friendly staff .
