5	The best way I can describe the Steele Indian School Park is:"This land once was used as a place where Native Culture came to die and is now being used as a place where Native Culture comes to be revived"I have been to sooo many events at this park. The Native American Recognition Day Parade ends here and you can usually see members of different dance groups still dressed in traditional attire laughing and dancing or just catching up. With a powwow to follow. There are several gourd dances held there. Gourd dancing is a very important ceremony where veterans of the military are recognized and thanked for their contribution by their people and are honored justly. It's an amazing experience to go. Recently, the Arizona Indian Festival was held at the park. There were traditional villages as well as various dance groups and arts and crafts vendors and of course... frybread! The festival was a way to take in the different cultures of the many 22 tribes in Arizona. On "normal" days, it's a nice place to just be. The land itself has been blessed MANY times and I remember once, a medicine man had asked the Creator to have the park serve the people and asked the the land be able to take anything He has in store for it. Several years later, the two helicopters crashed and landed about 5 yards from where that man once stood. Since, I know of many groups who came out to rebless the land and I, as a Native American, see it as the park doing just what was asked. It served the people. That accident could have taken more lives then the ones taken. But instead, it landed in the park and the land took it. And is even starting to heal. It served the people that day. As horrible a tragedy as it was, it could have been truely devistating. Nearly all Natives have a story of the old Indian School in their family. And it's actions have caused many reprocussions. some natives were taught to hate their culture and traditional languages. And to this day, refuse to share their knowledge with their families. Some, had good times and like to sit around and laugh about their experiences climbing the fence to go run around in Phoenix. (my auntie has SEVERAL of those stories!!) In the 1800's and early 1900's, it was a tragic place to exist. But like I said earlier, our culture didn't die. We still sing. We still dance. we still speak our languages. We still grow and learn and teach our young ones. We, as a people, still live on.
2	This is a big park in the middle of the city.That is nice.  The dog park here is LAMER THAN LAME CAN BE!  There is ZERO grass only gravel and no drinking fountain.   Worthless.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this park this morning.  My first intention was to find the dog park.  I ended up parking pretty far away from it...so, I saw a majority of the park.  I LOVE the garden that we stumbled into on the south end of the park.  It was so clean and well maintained. I would have never expected that in downtown Phoenix.  I really like the desert landscape inside the dog park.  My boyfriend poses this question in some form or fashion regularly  - why grow plants in the desert that don't belong here?  It was refreshing to see some nice healthy desert plants.  Although the dog park could use a little work - I am under the impression that it is fairly new and probably just needs some community tlc.  Instead of complaining about it not having doggy bags or needing a pick up, everyone could chip in and help maintain it better.  I read a few reviews and was sort of put off by everyone's expectations.  I've been to the Chaparral, Chandler & Ahwatukee dog parks.  They are all nice, but they can all use some work too and are sometimes crowded.  Our community spaces are only as good as their community care takers. I like this park.That's my 2 cents....
3	I almost feel bad giving a mediocre review to a park. Yea, you know a place with trees, grass, picnickers and such. Like how can it defend its poor dried up self. It's like picking on Phyllis Diller. But seriously, Phoenix, this is our big main park? This is our Central Park? Ugh! Well, let's just say SISP needs a makeover more than Ty Pennington needs to put down that damn megaphone. Yea. More than that. I've been here for many events. Most recently to walk our beloved Emilie. Oh. She's a dog by the way. This massive inner city urban park was completely empty on a Sunday afternoon. Mind you it was 158 degrees out. So how about making some water-type activities available. And I don't mean the sludgy pond with the homeless man peeing in it. Dare I say, a water slide. Or putt putt golf where it mists on you all the time. Or the world's largest slip n slide. Let's be creative here. The grass was crunchier than a Berkley lesbian. The landscape was as desolate as Jessica Simpson's mind. Just sad. I want a park. I want a landmark park. Any ideas yelpers???
2	1/2 of star for the REALLY crappy dog park.  I would put money on the fact that the person that designed this dog park has never ever owned a dog.There's a good chance that this designer does not know what a dog is.  The dog park is 100% granite, 0% grass.  No areas to run in at all.  There is a single water spigot about 300 feet outside the park.  This place just sucks.---The rest of the park is just fine.  Few people around. Nice big open spaces.  Bring a Frisbee because there is not much to do.Lots of Parrots in the trees and not too many bums around so that's kinda good.
1	Dog Park? Who are they kidding?! This place was crap, and full of crap.. It looks as though people went in to this park just so their dogs could poop. There were no clean up mitts and it was small and stinky.Whoever designed this dog park should be kicked in the balls. No grass, all gravel and the one water spigot? That's right -  outside of the park. Brainiack. I wish I would have yelped this before I went. What a waste.
1	I wish there was some way to separate the people park from the dog park. And the pond. Because each aspect gets and entirely different rating. Let's review: The Good, The Bad And the Ugly The Good Overall, this is an amazing park. We've been to many Prides here and I've always been pleased with the amount of space that is available. Go back when nobody's there and you'll see just how expansive this park is. We went on a day when part of the park was flooded and the ducks were happily swimming and some guy's dog was just loving running through the puddles...***** 5 stars But, the Ugly... ...he was disobeying the leash laws that are posted. So what. His dog wasn't bothering our dogs or us, plus he (or she) looked to be having a splendid time. So, get over it. The Bad Don't call what some company dug into the ground a lake. I grew up near Lake Erie, and that's a lake. I swam in Lake Michigan, and that's a lake. I took a ferry to Mackinac Island across Lake Huron. This isn't a lake and it's insulting to call it that. In fact, the Port-O-Johns at Pride smell about the same. So nasty. ** 2 stars The Ugly As I was reading the reviews, I was certain people were being dramatic. I mean, walking across the lush green lawns of this park, it's hard to imagine anything less. How truly disappointed I was. How utterly heartbroken I was. How completely ashamed of myself for dragging my dear Brady and Max to this gravel and feces covered sty. Maybe the designers of this space could have made a slightly more inviting locale by planting nothing but cacti. Cacti and broken glass to pave the way. And perhaps some poisonous plants. I heeded the warnings and filled up the water bowl at a fountain beforehand, but I should have tasted it first. Poor Brady would look up at me after every drink with his, "Please, mommy. This is just gross" look and I felt like a horrible parent for not bringing his chilled, filtered water. Never again! * 1 star, because I cannot give the -***** negative 5 stars this aspect of the park deserves. Honestly, with such an amazing space one would think the powers that be would expand the dog park and oxygenate the pond to help with the odor. Instead, we're left with a nice green park, a cesspool puddle and a dog park that clearly was intended to train warrior dogs for trips into the battle fields. Not for my kids, not for me.
4	Oh the memories I have at this park. It's by far the best Phoenix park (Aside from North Mountain / Dreamy Draw, of course.)Steele Indian School Park (Not to be confused with Indian School Park in Scottsdale) collaborates the fascinating history and culture of the Native Americans who attended school here and live in Arizona, with soft rolling hills, a series of water features, and an all around great park. There's enough room for thousands of people to enjoy themselves comfortably, and hidden coves and mazes in the southern portion of the park present a beautifully crafted desert landscape with interesting bridges and sculptures. It's located at Central & Indian School near Central High School and Brophy / Xavier college prep, giving it a wide range of options and an ideal location for central-city events and festivals. My only qualms about this park are it's populous. A lot of homeless folk roam around here, but as I've seen on more than one occasion, park officials have taken care of it. (They really do run the park well) But there's also a lot of great average folk who occupy the park too, yay!The original schoolhouse buildings remain unused and unoccupied. It would be greatl if these beautiful buildings were somehow linked to the Heard Museum, since they share the same history. The dog park is atrocious. Yeah. And the south-western corner of the park remains undeveloped and unused. I'm not sure if it's privately held or something...but it takes away a valuable cornerstone from a great park and could be put to better use. It's really just an eyesore. Other than that, Steele Indian School Park reminds Phoenix visitors and residents of the intricate Native American culture, and is a serious accomplishment of the City of Phoenix Parks Department.
4	The weather was very lovely today, so after some grocery shopping I decided to do a little work out by walking around this park. It was a lovely park, minus the massive pigeon poo zone where i was sitting near. Overall a nice park to visit when bored.
2	When I finally visited this park, it was to scope out the dog park.  It's the only off-leash area in downtown Phoenix.  I was amazed at the size of the actual park.  And I loved the water features.  Took a bunch of friends there for a bike ride/picnic while it was still nice outside, and we had a great time.  I haven't really checked out the playground area, so I don't know how much fun it is.  All that being said, I have to agree that the dog park portion of the park is, indeed, "ghetto."  There's no grass, not enough shade, and dog dookie all over the place.  My biggest beef was the un-neutered male dogs who tried to hump my spayed female.  That was lots of fun for both of us (NOT).  And since I have a dog at home, not kids, and I don't fish, this park gets a fairly low rating from me.  I may still ride my bike or walk through there, but I'll never subject my dog to irresponsible pet owners again.   If they don't spay/neuter, who knows whether they even immunize or prevent parasites?
4	came to this park to meet up with some other people for a puppy class. i have to say that i was really surprised by how nice everything was. green, grassy hills, no garbage on the floor, park provided doggie bags. a very nice place for a day picnic (NOT DURING THE SUMMER). alot of people bring their dogs here and while i love that, i dont really appreciate irresponsible owners who let their dogs off leash and then forget about them. that does bug me but it does seem like the majority of the owners are attentive and responsible.the water features are really gorgeous as well. a large, man made "lake" which apparently includes 5 types of fish and a really calming waterfallish area that has a great seating area to enjoy it. i can see myself coming out here more and more with my little furry monster, but i think that early in the morning will be better as there will be less people/dogs.
4	I don't have a dog, but I do have a 10 year old and this park is wonderful.  We have held birthday parties here, I have had 1st dates here, we have flown kites here, we have seen concerts and movies here, and we have gone here for no reason at all - just to run around.  The park is ideal for groups of kids wanting to run around.  Hills and large open grassy spaces make it perfect for picnics and rolling around.  The park and the bathrooms are clean, and I always feel very safe here and have met some really nice people.I feel bad for the folks who have Dogs and are disappointed.  The rest of the park and it's purpose are well above expectations.
4	Visited Steele Indian School park for the Arab-American festival.  We had a great time and it made for a great afternoon out in the cooler weather after being locked inside due to the AZ heat. The park was clean, with ample parking surrounding. The walk around the lake was peaceful. Nice break in the day.
4	My dog is an evil, energetic creature. He's vindictive and calculating. As such, I try to keep him too occupied to plot my death. I need a dog park. I've enjoyed going to Washington park, but the drive has proved to be a bit too much for me. Imagine my surprise when I found out that they recently upgraded the dog park at Indian School park! The new park is located off the 7th street park entrance, just north of Indian School. It's wonderfully landscaped, with plenty of grass and trees. They're actually in the process of building the big dog park, so right now the park is shared. Thus far I've only encountered friendly and responsible owners, so there haven't been any issues. Unfortunately there are two issues with the park. There are no water fountains inside the park, requiring you to bring your own. Also, the lighting kind of sucks, so if the lights from the football field aren't on it will be fairly dark at night. Regardless of the drawbacks, I'm happy to have found a new place to run the beast.  If you live in the neighborhood, please come by!
4	Nice park to have in central Phoenix.  This place is huge!  There are areas for picnics, basketball courts, fishing lake with ducks for feeding and nice playground areas.It is often very crowded on the weekends, but a great place to meetup during the week with other moms so the kids can play and feed the ducks.
4	I have to say that I'm surprised at the rating Steele Indian School Park has on Yelp. Some of the reviews are a few years old, so I'm guessing that things have changed a bit since some of the reviews are posted.I live nearby so I decided to go for a run around the park one evening. I was a little confusing going in because of how the park is labeled with VA signs all around, but I was able to find my way pretty easily. Parking is ample.The park is maintained really well. It's clean, with lots of (green!) grass, shrubs, and palm trees. The running paths are wide. The dog parks were full with lots of owners and cute dogs; I love that there are two, one for larger dogs and another for smaller. The playground area was busy with kids, but removed from other sitting areas in case you want some distance from the noise and chaos children can bring when they're playing. I also like that there's a fishing area; it's like the city tried to cater to everyone's taste as best they could.I would like to bring my dog for a walk here. I plan on going back to walk, exercise, and just enjoy the outdoors (especially when it cools down). I think it's a nice, tasteful signature downtown park for the city of Phoenix.
3	It's amazing to see so much open space in the middle of a huge sprawling city. As long as you don't go on really hot days (yeah, I know, that means a really significant part of the year), this is a pleasant place to stroll and enjoy some quiet time. It's also easily accessible, especially since two of its entrances are near a light rail stop. You can see the original Indian School building here, and this is the venue for several big events and festivals throughout the year. The dog park area needs much improvement, and it is unfortunate that some reviewers put their 1- and 2-star reviews here are for just that, especially since the dog park has its own separate review page.
4	DOG PARK: Just took my dog to the big-dog section. Rather green compared to most other AZ dog parks. Despite some comments, there are 3-4 shaded areas. Great parking, directly in front of the big-dog gated entrance. Only thing is that there's no running water inside, but there's a water fountain for ppl and faucet for dogs. Some ppl have brought in a few buckets, but just in case I brought my own water and bowl.
5	I think this park is great. It isn't in the best area so I was expecting it to be a mess, but I decided to give it a chance since it is so convenient to where I live. I was pleasantly surprised. It is pretty well-maintained and is a fantastic place to walk your dog with multiple off-leash areas. Highly recommend.
5	This park surprises me every time.  It is huge.  Drove by for years and one day ventured in with my pup.  Nice spot in the middle of Phoenix.
4	Hooray for 100 reviews in 2014! Anyway, I have passed by this park for years, always thinking that it was not very nice and writing it off based on how it looked from the perimeter. I was so wrong!  The park is large, has a nice water feature (which you can't see from the outside), and hills that provide nice views of the rest of the park. I went to yoga rocks the park here last weekend and it was so much fun, definitely a great event. This park was a nice venue for an event like this because there was plenty of room and the environment was beautiful. I would like to come back to further explore what this park has to offer.
4	A few months ago I was passing by this park and witnessed as former president Bill Clinton clearing out some weeds and planting corn. The skinny As a downtowner this park has always been our hidden gem from the annual 4th of July celebration to the pride festival this place is great. The park is well maintained and clean with lots of trash containers and recycling all over. Great for a nice bike ride or to feed the ducks (my daughters fav thing to do) they have a few different birds and diff color ducks which makes it fun to see the difference between them. They also have a pond for fishing, we do see a few people out there fishing. The bad There is quite a bit of homeless people at this park and they can make it not so fun with the arguing or yelling at each other or at us for some change. While the park itself is very lit up the parking lot is scary dark, I would not let my gf and daughter go there solo at night. OverallThis park is great can't wait for the cool evening coming up so I can take some walks here.
2	Worst dog park I've  been to in Phoenix. There is a dog fight here every time I walk by. People seen to think it's ok to bring their worst behaved dogs to this park and just let them go crazy. Absolutely will not bring my dog here if other dogs are around.
4	Nice dog park and pretty well maintained. If you get there early in the a.m., before the homeless awake, it is a pretty nice park overall.
