4	Frites Alors offers a delicious and overwhelming gorge fest in a bright cartoony setting. It's a fantastic place to stop while shopping on St. Laurent, but it may slow you down for shopping afterwards due to all the waddling. They have a tasty array of poutine, without getting too weird with the ingredients. However, the creativity is welcomed with their wide selection of burgers, including some vegetarian alternatives. While you're filling your gullet with gravy, curds and fries, you may as well carbonize the concoction with one of their many beers. Their prices are moderate and their service is good.
4	YES! as soon as i got to montreal, i needed to have poutine.  in the bronx, we have disco fries at the diner, very similar...but no curds, just mozzarella (bronx...remember?)so when i sat down, i ordered my delicious traditional poutine and a boreale beer, watched a canadiens game and butchered the french language....what a great night!would've had more poutine there throughout the trip, but i thought i might die from a heart attack if i did....also it was pretty hard to walk between frites alors and the hotel on a sheet of ice. no wonder you guys love hockey...why no salting the pavement? us new yorkers are a privileged, entitled bunch who can't handle such things!
3	I've been going to Frites alors for about 5 years. Most of the time, I am quite happy with ordering a large fry for two, two beers, and a handful of different sauces/dips to try. Their sauces are excellent for most of them, and their fries are always fresh and crispy. I would go as far as saying that might be in the top3 in montreal for fries alone.This review has more to do with the poutine. I tried the regular poutine, and the mexican poutine. On both poutines (on two separate occasions), the fries were fresh and well cooked but the cheese was average. I could tell they didn't get it fresh from a local supplier: it wasn't squeeky, it wasn't oily or salty. It was just your typical curd that was probably kept frozen for some time. Maybe I've just been unlucky, as others here on Yelp seem to suggest that they do have fresh curds.The sauce of the regular poutine was average. Not bad, not good, but not memorable. It lacked something distinctive, to make it stand out. That's not to say that I didn't like it (I did), but it's nowhere close to some of the best traditional poutines in Montreal (e.g. Maam' Bolduc, Poutine Lafleur (Verdun), La Banquise). Still, if you're in the area it'll do.The mexican poutine was interesting. It is actually just the same as a regular poutine (chicken gravy, fries, chesse), but with the addition of the "mexican" sauce that they use as a side for french fries orders: tomatoes, hot peppers and corriander. So you get this strange layered combination of sauces which, once mixed, kinda spices up the traditional sauce and makes it look like one of those italian poutines (red pasta sauce) but with a kick. It's something to try once, but I wouldn't try it again necessarily.Overall, Frites Alors! is a great place to sit down, have a drink or two and chat while eating some crisp fries with great sauces. Their poutines are okay, and my experience with other foods has been the same (burgers). Don't expect more than that.
5	Every trip to Montreal requires a trek to Frites Alors (or any poutinerie) in my books. Who knew there were so many different types of poutine? Not the adventurous kind, I usually get the classic poutine with gravy and cheesecurds. What's nice about this place is that the cheesecurds are actually fresh, and curds- unlike other places that just sprinkle pre-packaged shredded Kraft cheese. The portions are huge (I definitely recommend sharing) and the prices are reasonable. The place is laid-back and very casual with a French charm that keeps me coming back form more.
4	We had this poutine with meat and mushrooms over it.  I wanted more gravy though.  It wasn't the salty mess you get at New York Fries, but I expected all the stuff on the fries to really add a little bit more flavor than what I tasted.But I did eat their cheekily named Rudolph Burger.  Montreal's brimming with meat gamier than what I usually find in other restaurants.  The burgers are served on a nice foccacia bun with pickles, a nice leaf of lettuce, and a toothpick speared through the middle.  Satisfying, and a fun, low-key atmosphere.
4	I also followed Kenneth's revue and went for the poutine with steak and mushrooms. I gotta say, I really enjoyed it. Total props to Yelpers for once again leading me to another great eating experience!  The curds were fresh and not overly salty and the fries were perfectly done and very, very crispy. Additionally, super friendly staff, with loads of personality. So go to one of the many surrounding, overly priced restaurants if you want to be seen, but check this out if you really want to eat!
2	First things first, this place is a fucking rip off, plain and simple. Almost twenty dollars with tip for a burger and a poutine to share with a friend; absolutely ridiculous. It's not even like the amount of food you get is substantial either. I could have eaten this whole meal by myself and I'm not a massive eater; just an accomplished one. The poutine was a disappointment but alright. Not enough gravy to cover all the fries and the cheese curds were alright but not in enough abundance either. Their fries though are quite good and I do like the dips they have but I ordered a poutine, not fries and dip you bumbaclot...The burger as well is a rip off and not fresh. They don't even try to hide the fact it's a frozen patty which to me is kind of lame...At least have some pride. It's a thoroughly decent burger though and they have good variety but to be honest I expect that if you eat here enough and try all the burgers, you'll experience the 'Subway Effect'; they all taste pretty much the same.I'm sure there is a better burger in Montreal and I know there is a better poutine. I also know you can get both of these for a better price. It's still worth it though if you want to go for fries and dip but hold onto your wallets cause this place wants to bleed it.
3	Had a large fry here with some sort of mayo based sauce.  The order was up in just a moment and delivered promptly, so the service was A-Okay.The fries on the other hand were decent but not great.  Maybe I was left with the bottom of the bag or something but it seemed like I was just getting pieces of fries.  Once I dug in to them they started to get a little mushy.  The sauce lacked flavor and I was given just a tiny little paper cup full.There's lots more better food options in the area so I can't really recommend this place.  I was expecting Dutch style fries, but Frites Alors just doesn't quite deliver.
4	If you are looking for authentic no-fuss no-muss poutine, this is the place our Quebecois friends swear by.  And it did not disappoint.  Frites Alors is a chain with locations along the hip streets of Montreal; this location on Rue Saint Laurent was convenient and close to other well-known Montreal eateries like Schwartz's Deli and a Juliette et Chocolat branch.First, Frites Alors endeared itself to me by using a font from Tintin comics, and the perfect aroma of well-cooked and seasoned fries that enveloped us upon entering.  The standard poutine is Le Vladimir (a nice pun on the name "Putin"); unfortunately there is a poutine named after George Bush with steak (please change the name, Frites!).  We each had a Stewart's Cherry Soda and La Frites Alors Poutine, with peppers, onions, and mushrooms.  The veloute and fries and cheese curds tasted great together.  The cheese especially was so authentic.  Don't order anything bigger than a small unless you're sharing.
3	Almost had to give it a 4 because of the absolutely outstanding service I received, but the food really wasn't that great.For the price of decent food, this place offers a bit more than fast food. I ordered a pork burger and tried a regular beef burger, both were decently cooked and juicy. The fries weren't bad, very crunchy, not crispy, crunchy, which made for a not-so-great poutine. The fries were served with a number of mayonnaise based sauces to choose from, which were okay, but not a lot more than small portion of mayo + something. The salad was watery green on an awkward dish. All-in-all it was fine, not worth the hype, but worth the your business.
5	Early morning, what's better than a quite bite at Frite Alors. My boyfriend and I finally had our first taste of poutine in Montreal. We ordered the classic poutine and ate it on the go since we had quite a number of destinations to hit up. Hot poutine in the morning is amazing. Fries, gravy and cheese curds is just the perfect match made. I liked how the gravy tasted, light and definitely not to overwhelmingly salty. Pair it with the fries and cheese and I was having an early morning orgasm in my mouth. So far, the best poutine I had in Montreal. But I certainly will keep looking.
3	Go in a group, there are a variety of sauces for the fries and it's fun trying a bunch. Order a wacky burger! The caribou burger was really interesting and very tasty. Bigger variety of soft drink that most places here. Great service and great price/experience ratio.-----------------------------------------------------------------Full Review:This little franchise is a burger + fires joint with a twist.They offer interesting meats in their burgers (caribou or bison anyone?) and one of their burgers has apples in it. It's a cosy little place with dim lighting and a happy waitress that was more than happy to stand around and listen while I spent 5 minutes looking at their fridge of drinks and figuring out which of the 12 or so unique mayo-based sauces I want to get with my fries.The bizarre varieties of drinks, sauces and unique twists placed on the burgers is what makes this place delightful. You won't just go in there and order:"Cheeseburger, all dressed and a coke."It will sound more like this:"I'll have the Rudolph with Indonesian sauce and a lime soda."The Rudolph, which is the 3rd or 4th burger I've had there since I've discovered the place is a caribou with onion jam, pickles and a sour mayo sauce. It's the burger that finally made me decide to add this review to my burger list.The flavour in the caribou was rich and juicy. Very enjoyable, especially with the sour pickle and sweet onion jam. It created a burst of flavour that I really enjoyed. The other burgers I've had before were also unique but all beef. They weren't as juicy but equally interesting. If you like green apples and brie (2 things I adore) I recommend having the burger that has those in it (can't remember it's name).I would never really tell you to go to this place alone. Before I get to that, let me digress a moment: Food, isn't always necessarily related JUST to the way it tastes - at least I try and skew my reviews not to always reflect that. Situation and atmosphere are very important in eating.So why never go alone to Frite Alors? It's multitude of mayo sauces. Every time I've been there, we were at least 3 people and we each order a different sauce so that we can mix and match and maximize the interesting experience that I always have when we go to Frite Alors.The fries themselves aren't particularly special, but honestly, that doesn't mean anything to me. I come from Lebanon and while this may sound either extremely stupid or pompous, I've yet to taste a tuber like the ones grown in Lebanon. If I were to collective rate ALL fries I've had in Montreal, it wouldn't really exceed a 2* rating at it's VERY VERY best.
4	I think 3.5 stars is right on...You've gotta love a one-city chain dedicated to that city's name sake - poutine.I'm no poutine expert, being able to count my experiences on one hand, but I felt the poutine here was above average, but not amazing.I'm still waiting to be blown away by poutine, but it wasn't here.... You will however have a consistent, affordable experience and they do have quite a good beer selection.
2	Frite-Alors has a following, although sometimes I wonder why...The portions are small, the food is meh and the fries - their namesake - are barely decent...all this for a large price tag and below average service make this a no-go.I would only consider returning if it was for a friend's birthday and they chose the place.Overrated.
3	Located on St-Laurent between Sherbrooke and Prince Arthur, this little restaurant is a bit tired decor-wise (ugh, wooden chairs) and the menus could use a little typography, but the food is decent enough for the price. Service was good. Drinks were slightly overpriced ($2 Pepsi, $2.75 Stewart's etc). But the food was served quickly (it's a burger) and the sauce selection for the fries (as Belgian tradition) were good (okay, the pepper-lime was overly peppery, but why be picky.) Didn't try the poutine, because coming to a Belgian restaurant for poutine just didn't seem right. But if you are looking for a burger (we were) and a decent price (not exaggerated as some places) it was fine. Wanted to try the deer, but they were out of the Onion Confit (which begs the question of how you run out something that is a preserve... really, you can't manage to keep another jar on the shelf?) And maybe someone should mention that Emmental isn't really a Belgian cheese.
5	I am giving this a 5 star review because as I see it, you go here for 1 thing, and 1 thing only. French fries. At least that's what we went for, and it's all that we got. We walked in, paid $4 for a small order, and walked out. I'm not going to pretend I remember what kind of sauce we had (D thinks it was a sun-dried tomato and basil, all I know is that it was good). But like I just said in the parenthetical there, it was damn tasty. The guy told us what most people go for, and we went for something else. But I have a feeling that it wouldn't have mattered. I'm sure they were all solid. I don't know what else they serve nor do I much care. If you're here for a review of anything else on the menu, sorry to disappoint but this is all I got. I guess in a way this is how I like to approach things. Don't go to a diner for the smoked halibut dinner platter. Likewise, don't go to a French fry joint and get a Caesar salad. Come for the fries, eat the fries, enjoy the fries. And be happy you did. Well worth it, enjoy the trip.
2	On the second day of my three-day visit in Montreal I was nervous I would leave without tasting any of my beloved poutine. A friend was going to Frite Alors down the street and offered to bring back some for me. Should I wait to see if I can get something better? Whatever, I can always eat it twice. By the time he returned I was rather famished and ready to dig in. However, I was quickly disappointed by the quality of this poutine. The fries were already getting cold and mushy, the gravy was a strange orangey-brown color, but at least the cheese curds held their squeak. For $9, I was left wanting much more. Even after sharing with two friends, several fries and too much gravy were left at the bottom of the box. Read my review of  Patati Patata for my far superior poutine experience the next day.
5	I'm giving this place a 5 star review because I am a Canadian currently living in the US and I have never been to Montreal before this past weekend. My friend and I were touring around and decided to try the original poutine and a local beer (recommended by our waiter). It was a nice day out so we sat in the window seats with the open doors enjoying people watching. It was delicious and we ate the whole thing! So happy we stopped!
3	When you're up for some greasy good food, Frite Alors never fails you. I actually do really enjoy their hot dogs which are served on baguettes rather than hot dog buns.  Also, the staff is usually very nice and welcoming. Not the best place for a burger but definitely hits the spot when you're in the mood for a quick bite.
4	Had their regular poutine as a snack. Oh man. It was awesome. This is not ultra fancy poutine, but still serviceable. Recommended.
