5	My daughter is quite the doll connoisseur, and when she saw the dolls and how well made her "American Girl" dolls suddenly became relegated to the corner and under the bed.  The dolls are a bit pricey, but not when compared to American Girl and the like. They have every accessory that you could want and when you bring your new dolls back in they will do a full check up and well baby clinic.  I am surprised that this place isn't more well known.  Once it is, if you have young girls in your life who like dolls-you better watch out.
3	I like The Dolls House!First it's next door to the Hot Dog Stop and second, I'm always amazed by the miniatures they have in back. When my daughter was very young we bought her a miniature house that you could decorate each of the rooms.  When my son and I started building models, we were always on the lookout for small items that would accentuate what we were working on.  Well they're all grown, but I still enjoy coming here to look at the miniatures. Over the years, we've collected ceramics of each of our animals. LOL  BTW, they have toys and other things for kids, too.  So, they're A-OK in my book.Enjoy!
5	This place is AMAZING!!! Dont let the name fool you into thinking its only doll house items, they have some of THE COOLEST toys I have ever seen! After working in the airpark for almost 10 years I finally went into this place as I was in need of a birthday gift and saw the "& Toys" on their sign. I am so glad I did! It is now my #1 go to spot  for all the kiddo's in my life! They have toys for all age ranges from infants on up. We just had a baby and I have to reign it in when I go in so I dont go broke. I have now been back 3 times in the past month since I discovered this place. All the toys I have brought to birthday parties have been a huge hit and very unique! I cant wait to do all my Christmas shopping here.
5	I was so happy to find this place so close to my house. There are only two other doll house stores in the state as far as i can tell and one is in Tucson. i would rather buy from a small business than on line where possible. on occasion I have seen things on line and printed them off to see if they can get them in for me and they have been more than accommodating. Sam and Suri the owners are always so helpful. I will continue to shop here for many years.
