1	This place is the epitome of "dive".  It's not yucky or gross, just very much 1 star.  You get a bed and a mostly clean room (although who knows what kinds germs are on the comforter).  It's about 3 miles from the strip, in the middle of nowhere, and the price is cheap (usually about $70).  I've stayed there several times, as I'm in Vegas for family (not for the Strip).  So if budget accommodations are your thing, and you don't mind base basic and divey, this place is fine.
5	This is a $50 per night hotel 10 minutes from The Las Vegas Strip. Hello?!There was one other 3 year old review on Yelp about this hotel, I'm glad I disregarded it.I had no complaints about the cleanliness or amenities of my room. Free Wi-Fi, King Size Bed, Non-Smoking Room,  A/C, Cable, a Desk & Table and a Compact Refrigerator. I'm sorry that I forgot to take a pic of the inside of the room.  The room was cleaned and towels re-stocked every day that I stayed there.  No hotel 'comforter' is to be trusted [in answer to the other review].Yes, the place has been there a few years and from the outside doesn't look like much.I remind you it cost $50 per night.The staff was very friendly and helpful.  So you have to drive to find anything but Burger King or Subway to eat, chalk it up to how much you saved while you slept.
3	Exactly what it should be - a nice-ish value option off the Strip. They seem to have done some recent remodeling so it was even nicer than I was anticipating. There was a king bed (with pillow top mattress cover), desk, fridge and a patio table (indoors...) with chair. Not very fancy, but you can't beat the price!
4	$70 for a Saturday night. It was basic, clean, and quiet. Not too far of a drive from the strip. For being the type of hotel it was, it was good. No complaints here. Free doughnuts in the AM!
5	This place gets five stars for customer service! I just had a terrible experience across the street at a place called the Silverton hotel. The Silverton Hotel wanted to take a deposit directly from my bank account and not return it until checkout which I refused. They would not accept cash without it. The Highland Inn Across the street rescued me! The Manager was willing to work with me on a great rate and he gave me a very lovely room. The hotel is close to shopping and lots of restaurant options it is also just down the street from the strip. It has very clean rooms, free Internet, refrigerator and a nice Panasonic 32" flatscreen tv. Thehe rooms are upgraded and roomy. Great customer service beats discrimination in my book any day! I'll be. Staying here when ever I'm staying the night in Vegas !
5	Great place, excellent customer service. Beautiful remodeled rooms, free WIFI, more than 70 TV Channels, and 3 HBO Channels. You can either book through Booking.com or through Experia.com, or call ahead to reserve your room. No bad traffic there, the location is safe, and a five minute drive to the Las Vegas Strip. There are Serta mattresses in every room, and you will sleep like a dream.  The motel is close to shopping centers, grocery stores, convenience stores, and restaurants, The 15 freeway is easy to access right around the corner. The prices there are the best in Las Vegas for a nice, safe, clean, and no drama place to stay..
