5	I guess i will make Vato my first Yelp review! Stumbled in here after drinking out on Fremont this past Sunday night. The owners are great and very helpful for a newbie like me who hardly smokes ever. Still need to light up the cigar I purchased that night, but all I have to say is that it was a great experience!
5	When buying cigars, this is the place to go. You can't find nicer and more knowledgeable people then Paul & Sarah!
5	Tucked in a corner of Binion's (close to the sports book and Binny's Bullpen), is a great little smokeshop that you have to check out. Paul Vato cigars is a fantastic downtown Vegas gem. Like downtown Vegas itself, it is not big, or pretentious, or overhyped. But it has everything you want with a certain upscale, yet old school Vegas flair.If you want to smoke the big brands, they have a very nice assortment on hand, They even, in true Vegas form, have a cigar buffet - all the cigars you can smoke for one price. The real magic here, however, are the custom blended (some rolled right in the store) Paul Vato cigars. They have a number of blends to appeal to novice or experienced cigar smokers. The construction, draw, and burn on these are all excellent. I particularly enjoyed their cuban blend corona, with burned razor sharp and produced volumes of that rich blue/grey smoke of a great cigar. The owners of the shop could not have been friendlier or more helpful. Whether you are looking for your first cigar, or are cutter carrying aficionado, Paul and Sarah will put you on to the right smokes for you. With the number of places dwindling where you can smoke indoors, when in Vegas hit up Paul Vato Cigars and light em up. Tell Paul that Ken sent you...
5	My group stopped by here over 4th of July. We had some first timers come in, and the owner, Paul Vato, was an amazing help. He is an absolutely great guy and was not a snob at all. He helped answer any question and seemed very proud to be celebrating his shop's one year anniversary.  The product is top quality and they have a Yelp check-in special!This place is a hidden gem and I wish Paul the best.  TRY IT!
5	I don't smoke cigars very often but I certainly enjoy one whenever I can. A few friends and I were spending the weekend in Vegas on 4th of July weekend and wanted to get some cigars so we found this place on Yelp.The owner, Paul Vato, was super awesome. He greeted us warmly when we walked in, patiently explained every cigar in his repertoire (with a nice selection of personally hand-rolled cigars as well), and even gave us a homie discount. I was so impressed! I will definitely have to go back to next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I came with some friends to have some fun in Vegas and one of them said that having a cigar is a must. Using our trustee smart phones, we found this location, which had good reviews. We figured it would be better to have a great cigar experience than settle for something from the hotel convenience stores.I'm a first timer, but they seemed to have a very good selection of cigars ranging from Las Vegas, Hawaiian and Cuban blends as well as flavored cigars as well. As a first timer, I asked for Paul's suggestions and he simply asked questions to help me determine which one to get. I got a Jackpot cigar, a mild Las Vegas blend. At first, I didn't understand what all the hype was. I thought it was alright, but nothing to write home about. However, as I made some progress with the cigar, I started to enjoy the flavor a bit more and taking some longer drags. By the end, I actually wanted to get another cigar.Paul was very helpful and I enjoyed my first cigar experience. I will visit again when I go back to Las Vegas.
5	Ding ding ding ding ding!! You just hit the jackpot! The cigar jackpot, that is.Seriously, I was in Vegas over 4th of July weekend with some buddies and we had to have some cigars as we tromped around dirty (*cough* I mean, Downtown) Vegas. We stumbled into this little gem of a cigar spot located within Binion's Casino after reading some favorable Yelp reviews. Let's just say there's a reason Paul Vato has amassed just about 100% 5-star reviews. He himself personally introduced us to his collection of cigars, ranging from the expensive imports, to less expensive ones, to his self-branded self-rolled cigars in the counter case. He makes his own?? How could I not get one of those?He even helped the cigar newbies amongst us find the perfect cigar for them. And he was right on the money--they all liked what they got.After I (and my group) settled on cigars, Paul announced it was his 1-year store anniversary, adjusted our prices downward, and with a smile and some good conversation to boot, cut and lit all of our cigars and we were on our way, making DT Vegas that smoky (but fun!) place that it is.Whether old-time stogie pro or clean-as-a-whistle cigar newcomer, Paul Vato will get you exactly what you need for a good time on Fremont Street.
5	I stay downtown because of Vato Cigars at Binon's! I normally stay across the way at the Golden Gate and the fact that I have a place I can get cigars, smoke inside and have a drink or food anytime and even late....No Brainer!!! Paul and Sarah are great host and it's always a pleasure to see them when we come through. Whether it's for Big Smoke or when we are there to visit family, Vato Cigars is always apart of the planning stages!See ya next time Paul and Sarah!
5	Came in this past weekend and met the man, Paul Vato.  Exceptional service! My cousin and I purchased a box of 25 to split. The sticks we wanted to buy weren't available so Paul offered us a mix-n-match box.  Bought some from the Cuban blend and a "Secret" new blend not on sale yet.  A humidor and a couple extra sticks were included with our order.  Mentioned it was my cousins bday and he threw in a couple more. Paul even invited us out to hang with him if we attend the Big Smoke later this year. Awesome service, awesome cigars.  Highly recommend this shop if your in the downtown area!
5	Great cigars, great prices and great people.  Clearly, their priority is service.
5	Before heading to Vegas for my annual poker run I checked out reviews for cigar bars. I was surprised that this was the only one to have a five star review so I had to check it out. It was far better than expected. If you are looking for a place to see and be seen, stick to Casa Fuentes at Caesar's Palace. If you are looking for quality brand name cigars at a lower price head over to Vato's. Better yet, try the house brand which comes in four blends. Very reasonably priced and you'll get a chance to impress your friends with something they haven't tried before. As earlier reviews stated, Paul is the perfect host. Obviously proud of his cigars (for good reason) and happy to talk about the differences in each. It almost feels like a friend's house where the host feels guilty taking money from you for the cigars he recommended. We brought our fine new sticks to the bar, which is actually separate from Vato's but close enough to link them together as a cigar bar. Great brick walls and large leather chairs, with music that is loud enough to keep your conversation private but not so loud you have to yell. Five or six oversized chair surround small round tables for great conversation. This is how my bar would be if I could afford to open one. There is nothing to rate lower here folks. Spend an evening playing on Fremont and try these new cigars!
5	I have been heading down to Vegas for several years and always want a few cigars while I am down there.   I turned to Yelp and found this gem.I'll admit...I was a bit skeptical that a cigar store could have ratings this high...until I went there.Paul and Sarah were extremely friendly and knowledgeable.    They have the same selection as your typical cigar store, but don't bother with those...go straight to their house brand.   In a variety of sizes and blends, these sticks were great!I was there with my father in law who is an avid cigar smoker, so we opted for the "Cigar Buffet" for $29 (best deal on Fremont).  All the cigars you can smoke from 5pm to 1am.   5 cigars later and after a sampling of each blend, we now have another reason to visit Vegas.  A solid five star rating!
5	I met Vato and his lovely wife at there store.  She rolls some of the best cigars out there.  I love to come here sit down and have a fresh smoke. If you are looking for a fun place to hang out and have a great cigar with great company check Vato out
2	I'm wondering what the hooplah is about this spot. I had planned my trip out to vegas a while back and seen this spot had a perfect rating. So i purchased their Yelp offer and made my way there. The place is very tiny, it's not a lounge so don't expect to sit and smoke. I ended up getting a sampler of their full-bodied sticks. Lets just say i'll have 5 sticks sitting in the humidor.... On the bright side, I can give them away to people who don't know the difference between a bad and good cigar.
5	By far the best cigar shop on the planet! I have been to many shops and this one out does them all. They usually open at 5 but the owner Paul new i was coming from California and open early just for me. I can't say i have ever experienced service like this not only do the owner make you feel welcome and right.at home but take there time to explain it all to you so you can have the best experience. The twister is by far the smoothest cigar I have ever had. Best part is if you want to partake in the glory that is Vatos's Cigars the have a cigar sports bar right across from it to enjoy a few beers and food and watch sports damn it feels good to be me right now.
5	I wish them all the success in the world!  Finding them was one of the highlights of our trip.  This is new Vegas old skool style.  Thanks for rocking in EVERY WAY possible!  Can't wait to come back and grab more sticks for dessert after the Steak House :)  You are officially on our MUST DO in Vegas list.  I don't have a "MUST DO in Vegas" list.  I'm going to have to change that. Sarah, let me know when you do the cigar of the month club so I can get on it!
3	I went downtown to hang out with some friends.  I don't really get to go to Freemont St. that often so I was happy that I would be able to try out this place.  Reading over the reviews for some time has me really intrigued.  First I did when we finished parking is seek out Vato Cigars.  This place is tucked away in Binions.  My friend and I were greeted by Paul Vato and his wife.  They were really friendly. I immediately told them that I found them through Yelp.  They suggested the Kansas Twister a medium bodied stick.  I have to admit that I cam into this place to just be blown away!  When you have so many great reviews.  I thought the cigar was ok.  The end started to unravel about half way though.  I probably would of enjoyed this more if I was parked in a comfy chair.  We were walking around so I couldn't really savor it.  The prices were a little higher than I expected.  These are handmade there in the store I believe.  I paid about $15 for the cigar, which isn't terrible.  So I will come back, but I will probably try something else and then sit down at the bar next door.  This is one of those place that is probably a big tourist trap but worth stopping.   Either way the Vato's are pretty friendly.  Cheers!
3	Great staff and an decent selection in cigars.  My boyfriend and I randomly walked by and decided to buy a cigar so we can smoke it while walking in Downtown.  We got a good cigar for a resonable price but we weren't a big fan of the cigar.  We would probably go back but maybe splurge a little bit to get a better smoke.
5	Paul Vato is a true gentleman!  Being a novice, I went in and explained that I wanted to get started with cigars.  He took the time to really explain the differences with his and other companies stoges and figure out what I really like.  For a ridiculous price, he set me up with a little humidor, a lighter with a cutter attached (a nice Jetline) and 7 cigars for the price of 5.  I had the yelp coupon but he gave me even more of a discount!  He also threw in a V-Cutter and a punch, with the purpose being, as Paul said, "Just in case your with your buddies and someone tries to call you out."  Vato Cigars has a loyal customer in me!  I look forward to weekly/biweekly trips to go in and have a smoke with them!
3	We were walking Fremont street and I was directed to this cigar shop inside Binion's when I asked where I could get a cigar. The place is small but the man was efficient. I asked for an inexpensive cigar. He offered a $10.99 cigar and I took it. He cut and lit it for me. He was fast, treated me very well, and was very friendly. Recommended if you want a cigar while you are having fun on Fremont street.
5	Got to meet the owner, Paul Vato, what a genuinely nice and helpful guy.  You can immediately tell that he really has a passion for cigars and loves educating people.  We had tons of questions and he was able to answer them all and we left his shop with lots of new knowledge and a great house cigar.  I would highly recommend this shop and will definitely be stopping by on my next trip to Vegas.  Prices are reasonable and quality is high.
5	Paul Vato is a gentleman and a scholar.  He took the time to talk about what I was looking for, didn't try to push anything on me.  When all was said and done he even threw in an extra cigar to try.  If you're in Vegas and are walking Fremont St, you have to stop in Binion's and into Vato's.
5	Wow! Went here on a recommendation from a friend and was told to try their aloha blend. I couldn't get enough, everyone has there preferences on cigars and my perfect fit was their aloha blends.
5	Met Paul, gave me his card and cell and said he'd take care of me. Amazing guy, and he knows a Ghostbuster! Tried the house blend twister, it was amazing! Came back the next night for the buffet which is an incredible deal! Get a cigar here and go to the 4Queens Chicago brewing co for a great night! Will be back for more!
3	Great place
5	Paul was awesome!  This was a great shop.  Totally down to earth.  So far I had the twister, can't wait to try the other sticks!
2	Hole in the wall
5	So, I had heard from my brother in law to go to Vato when I was in Vegas.  I'm glad to say I did.  I visited there twice, once on a Saturday and was assisted by Sara, and again on a Monday where I had the pleasure of meeting Paul.  Both times I was in there I was made to feel welcome by both Sara and Paul.  Very nice place, small but effective.  I bought and smoked one of their Aloha Blends, the churchill and it is an awesome smoke for anyone who likes bolder flavored maduros.  For hand rolled right there, it smokes as well and evenly as any large manufacturer's sticks. When I went back on Monday and spoke with Paul, he is a very nice guy, helpful and wanted to know about me, where I was from, how I found Vato, what I like in a cigar.  He spent time with me and didn't just sell a product.  He shook my hand when we met and again when I left the store.  I ended up buying another 4 cigars that day, for a total of 7 in 3 days, although some came home with me from Vegas.I used the Yelp $30 for $50 coupon and it was very easy to use and welcomed by Sara.  I used it to buy a nice all steel Xikar V-Cutter and 3 cigars.If you like cigars and are in downtown Vegas, make the trip to Vato inside of Binions.  You won't regret it!
5	I had the good fortune to find this establishment when my wife purchased a gift certificate for me for our ten year anniversary.Not only do they provide great cigars but Paul was one if the nicest, most down-to-earth people I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. He was no only very courteous and helpful in finding the right cigars for me but also steered us to a great restaurant (Hugo's Cellar) where we had a wonderful meal to celebrate our time together.If you're in the downtown Vegas area and in need of a smoke look no further than Vato Cigars.
5	Small little store inside Binion's Casino. Paul Vato was there, he's super cool. my husband and I bought two cigars there a vanilla flavored & cafe latte. We wish we would have bought more especially that vanilla one really good if you like flavored cigars. We will be back next time we're in Vegas. I am going to contact him if he can ship us some of his cagars for my husband 30th bday coming up
2	There isn't really that much to say about Vato Cigars. Why? Because it's SUPER SMALL!There aren't really many choices here. On top of that, the Vato brand cigars are kept in small, plastic bins with lids. Unless I missed it, there was no real humidor and no real way to control the humidity of the cigars sold here. There is a small cabinet also that has other cigars. If you know anything about cigars, you know what a shame it is to not control the humidity and temp of your cigars. Oh well!If you "have" to have a cigar, this is better than going to the liquor stores or carts set up on Freemont. If you can wait, I would head to the Strip. There are MUCH BETTER places to grab cigars down there.
5	This place is THE ULTIMATE place for cigars in Vegas!  Paul & Sarah are unbelievably knowledgable and nice.  They and their shop are the BEST!  If you're looking for quality cigars, some of which are homemade blends created by the owners... then this is your place.
1	No integrity!  Buyer beware!  I purchased from Vato Cigar's website.  I paid for my cigar humidor (gift for my hubby for Valentine's Day 2013) via PayPal and never received it.  I tried contacting Vato Cigars via email and received no response.  Next, I called and was glad to reach Paul Vato, owner, and he was so apologetic and promised to send the item as soon as he could; he needed to order it.  Sadly, the item never arrived, and I was never contacted or refunded.  Since Paul seemed so genuine when I spoke with him, I decided to contact him again.  Again, he seemed earnest about the oversight and vowed to send the humidor.  I have yet to receive the item or a refund, and I have left messages that go unanswered.  I would not purchase anything from this store; it is obvious Paul Vato is not concerned with his customers getting what they pay for-scary he owns two shops!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Vatos! Me and my dad went there to purchase my first cigar because I just turn 18. I had the honor of meeting both Paul and Sarah! They are two of the nicest and most helpful people you will meet in Las Vegas! I ended up buying 5 cigars and they they threw in 4 more for free. I haven't smoked one yet and if I find out I am not a cigar guy I still will head over to Vatos just to say hi!
3	Paul Vato made good on this purchase. He upgraded the item I selected and added a couple extras (complimentary)  to make amends for the lack of communication and delay with my order.
5	Great little cigar shop inside Binions Casino downtown on Fremont Street.  They have an excellent selection, especially for being in a smaller than usual location.  There are several cigars that you don't see anywhere else, such as The 1993 Macanudo Vintage Cabinet Selection, one of my favorite cigars, lots of other well aged cigars as well.  The owners, Paul and Sarah are wonderful people and have an extensive knowledge of cigars and have their own brand of cigars, which truly are nice smokes.
5	Paul Vato makes this place a 5 star experience!My gf and I were bored of the fremont street experience so we decided to find a cigar lounge. Neither of us has ever smoked a cigar in the past and the whole process seems intimidating. Luckily, the moment we walked in, Paul came in and saved the day!He pretty much broke down the different types of cigars, how they differ from all the other smokes, and what types of cigar we should smoke as an intro to cigars. We picked out the vanilla bean and that thing was awesome. Nothing beats a cigar after a hearty dinner meal, if only I had a scotch in hand, I would totally be set.Additionally, Paul applied the yelp discounts for us and even cut the cigar, lit it and taught us how to properly smoke the cigar. I was very impressed with the professionalism and great pride that Paul takes in his cigar shop. I guess, some people complain about how small the shop is; however, as a cigar novice, it made no difference to me.Overall, if you're brand new to cigars, I would recommend coming to Vato Cigars just so Paul can give you a crash course on Cigars 101.
5	Always enjoy stopping here when down on Fremont street.  Since it is not well posted they are OPEN 5-1am DAILY.  There own line of cigars is quite good. I definitely recommend stopping by and grabbing a few.
5	WOW!!!I go here every trip -- Hand rolled and finest quality money can buy.
4	Vato Cigars is in Binions Casino and sells their own handrolled cigars as well as brand name items. It's a small shop, but manages to pack a lot of stuff. There is no walk in humidor, but cabinet humidors. One has all their house blends - I remember a Cuban blend, Aloha Blend, Kansas Blend and the Las Vegas Blend. They carry various vitolas including novelty ones like a baseball bat or a pipe. They have a small selection of brand name cigars as well, cigar accessories, but also even carry vaping stuff, cigarettes, emergency goods like tylenol since they are off the casino floor. We ended up picking a few up for home, but I smoked a Kansas blend (barber pole wrapper) Torpedo next door at Bennys Bullpen. I liked the Kansas, I thought it had nice balance to it. Their cigars are a bit more than the average b&m, but that is how it goes with casino located ones. They do run a good deal with their "all you can smoke" for $29.99. Basically you can smoke as much as you want from open to close of their blends or a selection from the whole bottom row of onesies of branded names.  The husband and wife team, Sarah and Paul, are very friendly and colorful individuals.  The fiance and I came here with Chris M. as we all share a love a cigars. As we sat at Bennys, Sarah, one of the owners came to sit with us so we got to know her better. In store, we had some extensive chats with Paul. It was a good first experience so I will be back and hope it keeps on staying positive. Despite being in a tourist driven spot, they are the type of people you can build a great repoire with.
5	Vato's Cigars is a gem among the bright lights of Vegas! The only thing that beats Cowgirl Blackjack at Binion's Casino is playing with one of Paul Vato's Cuban Blend Cigars in hand. In an industry full of private label "wanna be & knock offs" Vato's full bodied premiums deserve as high praise as the Best of The Best! I'll take a Vato Cuban Blend Mysterio over any of my premium favorites, which include: My Father Les Bijoux 1922, Torano Exodus 1959,  Camacho 20th Anniversary, Diploma and Havana, as well as San Cristobal Revelation. I love those cigars but Paul's Cuban Blend is a cut above them all. My only regret is that I didn't get back to buy more. My wife even commented on how good the aroma and flavor was. I will be ordering more on line as soon as I recover from a week in the Casinos!  Best stop in Vegas is Vato's & Binion's, a winning combo! We didn't meet the owners but David was very nice, knowledgable and made us feel right at home.
1	The guy at the counter was nice, the cigar, not so much. However, he didn't bother showing us anything, other than the Vato cigars on the front counter, and didn't bother coming around the counter to highlight any of their other choices.I had one of their $15 house cigars and was very disappointed. It would barely stay lit, had a horrible draw and was so dried out it started falling apart on me.After all of the positive reviews I was seriously disappointed and the reason for the 1 star is the cigar was barely smokeable, the first half anyway.
5	I was there the weekend for Las Vegas Lowrider Super Show had the change to visit the shop...very cool spot and great hand rolled cigars. Big thanks to Eazy, good lookin' out bro...tell twist I said what's up...but nice shop. I will return next time I'm in Vegas...enjoy.
5	Just received a box of Vato Black Diamonds for my 50th birthday. They arrived in perfect condition and taste better than I remember them - if that's possible; nutty, smooth as silk and beautifully crafted. Thank you Paul Vato!My wife thanks you too for helping her give me the perfect gift!  Best regards - Tony & Andrea
5	Stopped by with a couple of friends late Thursday night.  Paul Vato the man himself walked us through various selections of his house (Vato) cigars, from mild all the way up to his boldest selections. Although his has many brands the house is the way to go.  This worked out great as my friend new to cigars could smoke the mild, while myself and my other friend could enjoy the full bodied selection.  Mr Vato is clearly committed to providing a great Vegas cigar experience,  regardless of your tastes.  This place is tucked away within Binions casino downtown and is a hidden gem.  This find will be a guaranteed stop going forward.  Salud to Paul!
4	Look at my profile picture...I do qualify to write this review!I made a special trip to Binions to look for Paul and try his hand rolled house cigars.  My favorite is the Montecristo #2, which I usually smoke when I am out of the country.  With the Cuban embargo "almost" over, I wonder when I will be able to savor my favorite smoke on a regular basis.Paul was able to direct me to his house blend that is comparable, and it did not disappoint.  I bought a few more to give to my friends and Paul threw in a few more as well.  The one I smoked was a bit dry; if they adjusted the humidity control, then things would be perfect.  I'll be back.
