5	The Best Souvlaki on Pita ever! Excellent Tzatsiki and they make those little silver dollar  fries which are perfect for dipping into Tzatsiki. One thing to note is that both carry-out and eat-in customers must order at the front counter. So don't grab a table and think a waitress will serve you. They will bring your food to the table though once you order and pay.
4	The souvlaki is good, not fantastic. Going back to VDS brings back memories of when I lived in Montreal and souvlaki was my staple diet. It did not live up to my memories. I have been spoiled by good gyros in San Francisco
5	Awesome food. Great prices. Only take cash, but there's a bank machine right across the street if you don't have any on you!Def. will be going back here.
5	After growing up in Montreal, "Villa"....as I foundly refer to Villa du Souvlaki, is a must when I come home to visit.The food has not changed in the 26 yrs I have been going.The souvlaki pita is still as good as always, and the silver dollar fries are indeed meant to be dipped in the best taziki sauce in Montreal.Never disappointed, and always a must.
5	Just left Poseur San Fran. God I hate their Gyros - Hamburger meat, ice berg lettuce and ranch dressing on a stale pita folded over like a taco. Why can't Greek Americans master the art of Pita rolling. Thankfully I was headed to Mtl and got fixed up at VDS! Still the BEST! FU SF!!!
4	I have to confess something about Villa and that's that, while I love their souvlaki and think their tzatiki sauce is really top-hole, the real reason I keep returning is probably those fantastic round fries. Yes, the ones I can probably get at any grocery store. The ones I could order at a dozen other restaurants. The frozen ones.I even admit that I occasionally profess to be a foodie, but I love these fries so much that I cannot even muster the appropriate level of shame. They're just super salty, super crispy and super good.
4	Happy to live just a few blocks from this spot.  Can be a little pricey for gyros and such but always tasty.
4	I grew up in NDG, which included regular visits to Villa du Souvlaki when it was too warm to cook.  Villa du Souvlaki is an inexpensive Greek restaurant located right by Vendome metro.  The order is done at a counter, where your food is brought to your table.  Villa du Souvlaki offers lots of seating and air conditioning during the summer months.Villa offers limited vegetarian options including the vegetarian "souvlaki", Greek salad, dolmades, spanakopita and round French fries.  I've never had fries like there's anywhere else.  It's one of the reasons I keep coming back.  The food is cooked take-out style, meaning everything's cooked very quickly and served in paper plates.  If you're looking for inexpensive, quick, fresh Greek food, then you must visit Villa du Souvlaki.
5	Wow....the tzatziki is flipping amazeballs. GET IT!I had a gyro wrap which came with probably some of the most amazing 'chips' I've ever had. Seriously, I don't know what it was that made them so yummy but they were. The gyro was also really well made and the prices were pretty good.If I come back to the area, I definitely need to come here again.
5	I love villa it's a land mark. Good place to bring kids it's cheap and always good, the spanakopita is by far the best I've tasted and the pitas are wrapped the best from any-other souvlaki place. I love it!
5	Do you like great souvlaki? Black cherry cola? God's own french fries? Then Villa du Souvlaki is for you.Not a thing has changed in at least 20 years and why should it. The food is fantastic, the prices are incredible (there are still many pita options under $5), and the atmosphere is casual (order and pay at the cash, then they bring you your food). This is one of my favourite places to eat, here or anywhere.
5	I have tried so many souvlaki restaurants on my frequent visits to Montreal, and I have finally found SOUVLAKI  NIRVANA.... parking is a major pain though but a ticket is a small price to pay for this outstanding culinary experience....
5	I have been a Villa fan since 1983. Authentic Greek food - simple menu but super high quality ingredients. Best souvlaki in Montreal. No alcohol, but unreal food and service.
3	I was introduced to Villa a few years ago and it is a regular spot when we want to pick up a quick, tasty meal.It is not the best souvlaki I have ever eaten but considering my all time favorite is an hour and a half a way, this will satisfy my craving.It is a cute, clean, little restaurant where you can eat in, but  it is best for pick up. I've tried a variety of dishes here but i generally stick to my tried and trues. Things I like:Souvlaki plate: you can order one or two souvlaki sticks, I prefer the chicken to the pork. It is usually tender and marinated well but it could use more flavor in my opinion. The Greek salad is always fresh, big chunk of feta, a few olives, tomatoes and cucumbers but once again, lacking zest, the dressing is pretty bland. The fries are definitely amazing, generous portion, dollar size coins that are crispy on the outside and  tender on the inside with the perfect amount if salt. It doesn't come with tzatziki but it is delicious as well! It also comes with some garlic bread which is pretty basic but nice. If you order this at lunchtime it comes with a free soft drink so you are getting quite a filling portion for about 12$.I've also enjoyed the spanikopita, the grape leaves and the baklava.All in all, a tasty spot for a quick meal. Considering it is very close to home, it is a place I go to on a regular basis.
5	This place has the best fries, bar none. Order that and some tzatziki as a dip and you're in for a treat! I also took a Gyro pita and black cherry cola and this lunch REALLY hit the spot.I recommend to try this place at least once.Service was good and the price tag was very good.
5	Best souvlaki in the world!
4	Totally awesome food.I went with gf, we ordered two plates (Sandwich + Fries, Salad). I had the doner kebab, gf had vegetarian souvlaki.Great, fresh ingredients. Will definitely go back. We went for a mild hangover meal, and it turned out feeling somewhat healthy.We ate on site. It's simple/cafeteria like, but clean. Friendly staff. It's just about their sandwiches/food, simple, but reaallly good.
2	Went three times-twice dining in, once doing takeout. Will not go again for the following: the overwhelming feeling of being nickle and dimed for everything. Their menu is confusing, no explanation on the board about what the plates include and since it's a Greek joint, and every Greek fast food place I've been to includes stuff like tzatziki, I ended up assuming things lol. The prices are already pretty high, but if you get the gyro platter and want the meat in a pita (or just want ANY pita at all on the side), they charge you $1 per pita. The pita is not anything special and when you are already paying something like $13 for a plate, it gets annoying. On top of it, only certain items get you some tzatziki (like the doner/sandwhiches), otherwise you have to pay extra. So if you get a platter, you end up with a pile of meat, no pita, and greek salad and fries and no tzatziki. They do, oddly enough, bring some sort of garlic bread when you first sit down....useless, would rather have a pita!I could overlook this but in reality, the only star on their menu in terms of meat is the gyro meat in the platter. The chicken and pork are not tasty at all (chicken not seasoned and pork chewy). Will say though that their fries (little silver dollars) are tasty though.Cash only I believe, another hurdle. I also saw on my second trip there a man waiting for his order. Quite a ways into waiting, he saw what the men at the grill were making and clarified his order with the cashier girl. Turns out she made a mistake and the first thing the owner says is "oh you owe us money then".  They (cashier and owner) then proceeded to hunch over a calculator doing a million calculations for at LEAST 10 minutes only to end up saying "you owe us 80 CENTS"!!! I couldn't believe the hooplah over that small amount of money when it was the cashier who had made the mistake. However, it makes sense when I think about all the extra cost they try to tack on. The cashier girl is also super unfriendly and doesn't like explaining the menu. We tried to change over from Village Grec to this place since it's closer and wanted to try something new, but nah.
4	Chicken pita and a fry. All you need. Best fries with a little salt. The chicken pitas are always on point. Their Greek salad lacks a little seasoning but still pretty solid. Good spot for a quick 10$ dinner. Their garlic bread is good as well.
