5	day 15  of my nation wide tourits probably the most famous and best jiu jitsu academy in vegas as far as a lot of insiders are concerned. you got so many good guys on the mat all the time. and you got laimon there running a lot of the classes.it has a family vibe there. laimon's got a little army. they teach mma, boxing, muay thai, fitness, and of course my favorite, bjj.laimon is like a scientist and i got a chance to take simpson's class too. he is super technical as hell and all his guys are tough. i'm getting used to this, getting my ass beat up at every academy thing. i am worn out from hours of driving, eating crap, no sleep, and training all day.but wish i could do this for the rest of my life. seriously. in to the wild i go!
5	I recommend this place ALL the time to people interested in BJJ.
4	killer spot for BJJ! great trainers and killer training partners. nothing but respect for the gym and fighters.
5	I'm here four to five times a week! The teacher, Simpson Go is knowledgeable and very detail oriented. The classmates are friendly and helpful. I look forward to being here everyday!
5	The best place ever to do bjj! Everyone is so nice and you don't have crazy people with blown up egos. Sim is a great teacher and does a great job at explaining new moves. Train hard!
5	All you have to do is ask about Simpson Go or Cobra Kai and anybody who knows anything about grappling will tell you that this place is top notch. Cobra Kai is continuously placing at big tournaments such as grapplers quest and NAGA and I believe that is due to the excellent teaching methods and quality of training partners available at Cobra Kai. The gym environment is very laid back and a great atmosphere for learning. My suggestion is to try a class out at all the gyms and find the best for you.
5	Sim Go is a great teacher.  All the people I train with put you through the paces.  Everyone helps everyone to progress.  Great place periiod!!!
5	I love training here when I am in Las Vegas.  I highly recommend cobra kai for anyone traveling through, and for anyone wanting to learn.  Everyone is really respectful and helpful to each others games on the mat, but you will definitely get a good training session here day in and out.  The students have a really good work ethic. i also recommend checking out their website, there is a link to a very insightful article on there from this writer guy who travels and trains jiu jitsu.  He gives you an excellent idea of what the gym is like.   5 stars easily.
5	After looking at several BJJ schools for my children, I decided this place was the best fit for them in Nov/Dec 2012. Sam in the front office immediately made us feel welcome and the youth instructor Joey has been extremely patient in teaching the kids proper technique. Initially I liked the small class size, however as more parents have discovered this place, attendance has grown. Most of the kids are careful with the newer students, often talking them through techniques. Location is centrally located. The military discount made signing up here even easier.
5	I will start off by saying I DO NOT TRAIN HERE. I am the significant other of someone who does. I have come here to be a spectator. I really enjoy this gym. First off, it is very friendly. Simpson Go and his father are two very humble and kind people. Sim has been teaching my boyfriend bjj for quite awhile now and he enjoys it very much. He goes Monday through Friday and comes home exhausted from working out every night! He is working his way up in the gym and I have observed how Sim is a very good teacher. He explains everything thoroughly before anything is done and watches all of his students and encourages their technique. I have nothing but good things to say about him, his father, and their gym.
5	TRAINING WITH Sim GO is a must go in the Vegas area!! For Reals!!!I'm a Flight Attendant who also trains at Ralph Gracie SF with Kurt Osiander.  I happened to have a layover in Vegas and was deciding on what BJJ gyms to check out.  My team mates highly recommended Cobra Kai, so I did my research and decided to hit them up through email.  Within minutes, I got a impressive response back.On my visit there, I was welcomed by Sim Go and his father, Sam.  They were both super nice, and even the receptionist with the cool hair was hella nice and accommodating. I paid for the $20 day pass and arrived there with time to spare.  Sim showed me the facility.  It was nice and clean.  He even offered for me to stretch on the mat before the classes.  I took a Gi and the No-Gi class that followed after, which was both instructed by Sim.  At first I was it was a little intimidating because I was the only girl entering the mat full of dudes.  It's nothing like I'm not used to but It's my first time here and I didn't know what to expect. Plus, I was scared of potentially being hurt from previous experience training at other gyms. But Sim, himself reassured me in the email that his gym is a safe environment.  And he was right!!  Everybody was so nice and helpful with drilling techniques. And rolling around with the Cobra Kai boys was safe and fun.  It was also comforting that they acknowledged who I trained with in SF and gave some recognition, which I felt that was very respectful of them. I felt learned a lot and it was an honor to get the opportunity to train there.I thanked everybody for their hospitality. Even until the end of my visit, Sam made sure I had a ride back to my hotel.  Overall, it was an amazing experience.  I walked in there unsure of my expectations, but I left with an experience that well exceeded my expectations. As an outsider, they made me feel welcome by fostering me in their Cobra Kai Family.  I have nothing but respect.  And I highly recommend going there, especially to WOMEN like me, who indulge in this male dominating sport.  Cobra Kai is here for ya!!! I'd go there again and again....
5	The grappling scene in Las Vegas is huge and it's very difficult to lose with ANY of the schools here in the Valley. Taking all that into consideration, I still say that Cobra Kai is simply THE place to be.  I have trained at some other schools back then (when I merely dabbled in BJJ on what was roughly an eight times per month basis) and this is my favorite gym by far. There is just a special quality that this gym has that other places don't. First and foremost, I must say that Sim Go (the head Jiu-jitsu instructor) is an AMAZING teacher; he has an incredible eye for detail and breaks techniques down in a very simple to understand (yet detail oriented) matter. He is also incredibly patient and will calmly walk you through a technique if you're having any issues. The atmosphere here is also great; everybody is incredibly nice and laid back, higher belts are always willing to help you out, and nobody here is spazzy. Sam (Sim's father) or Jenn are at the Front Desk and immediately say hello and make you feel welcome as soon as you walk in. Sam has even been known to drive visiting tourists back to their hotels after class. It definitely has that family vibe in the gym, where guys will just poke fun of each other and keep things friendly.  Everybody here certainly trains hard and strive to become better athletes, but at the same time we look out for one another and want to help each other get better too.  There are no tough guys/egos here, just people who have passion for the martial arts. Now, I will say that the gym is in kind of a grittier area of the city, but don't let that scare you.  The atmosphere and quality of training here easily override any of that stuff. Also, top name UFC fighters have been known to stop by; Urijah Faber, Chad Mendes, Johny Hendricks amongst others have come in to train here. These reasons along with the more than reasonable rates (with NO CONTRACT REQUIRED!!!) make Cobra Kai the go-to spot for BJJ/MMA.
5	My buddy and I came in from out of town and had a great experience here. The legendary Master Go is a great instructor, the facility was clean and had a lot of equipment (not that I used any of it) and was well air-conditioned. The guys who train there were all super cool, and were really good. I got good and WRECKED by a few guys (in a good way, no musclehead ego aholes), and left extremely happy. We did two classes there, can't wait to get back to Vegas to roll with Sims' crew.
4	Sim Go was awesome.  He ran a great class and was going over the smallest details with everyone there to make sure you got it right.  Lots of personal attention.He rolled with me and gave me great tips that I use all the time now.  Good stuff,  I'll be going back there again my next trip to Vegas.
5	I love this place!  Sim is a great teacher, and there are tons of very skilled and knowledgable people to roll with.   Read my review on front of the Cobra Kai website, www.ckjj.com.  In short, I'm getting off to a late start in life with BJJ.  I wanted solid instruction with good folks to train with, but more than that I have no time or patience for a bunch of crazy egos.  Cobra Kai has been a great fit for me on both fronts. I'm about a year and a half into it now and intend to stick around.
5	Thank you for letting me film and take photos of Kyra Batara today..
5	I have no idea why I haven't reviewed this place yet...This is probably my favorite place in all of Las Vegas.  I moved to Las Vegas about two years ago and training at Cobra Kai has become a major party of my life out here.  The Jiu Jitsu training here is top notch, led by Sim Go, who himself has proven his expertise in competition.  But just as important, if not more important, Sim has proven his ability to pass on his knowledge and skills, as his students have consistently dominated the local grappling circuit at tournaments like NAGA and Grapplers Quest, among many others.  In addition, Cobra Kai has performed well at local amateur mma competitions like Tuff N Uff and has its share of successful professional fighters.Aside from Jiu Jitsu, you can find pretty much everything you need to succeed -- Strength & Conditioning, Wrestling, Boxing and Muay Thai/Kickboxing -- all led by great coaches with proven expertise as well.  This is the kind of gym where you will almost instantaneously feel like you're part of a team... a family.  A place where the teachers know your name and cater towards your particular needs to achieve your goal.  From the teachers, to the students... to Sam (Sim's father), Jenn (lady at the front desk) and the parents who cheer on their children...  Everyone treats each other as family and the gym as their home.  This is a great choice for everyone, whether you're a child, teenager, male or female, recreational practitioner or professional fighter, resident or just passing by the Las Vegas area.Don't believe me... Check it out yourself!
5	CK has all the best kids in town for a reason...  They care and are totally involved.  There's no secret why all the TOP kids are at one place. The answer is Sim Go.
5	My kids have been training here for about 8 months and my family loves it here. The price brought us in cheapest in town plus NO contract which was a bonus since kids change their mind so often didn't want to be locked in for a year or more if they didn't like it which was not the case for us, from the time we walked in we were treated us like family, joey is the kids bjj instructor and is great with the kids very patient and knowledgeable with sim go(head instructor and owner) keeping a watchful eye over everyone. My kids also take wrestling class led by Chris very technical and patient coach and boxing led by the hinkey bros. Also very skilled and talented! Even the other people who train here are good people no egos just a great supporting team that want to help each other out. My kids just competed at their first grapplers quest and came home with 1 gold 2 silvers and a bronze! We are here 6 days a week its become a second home and I highly recommend checking it out
5	What is family??  If you're wondering, this is the place to know!!  We have been to several different BJJ places, and none top CKJJ.  From the very moment we walked through the door, Sam treated us like we've always been there, and everyday since then. They care about our family on and off the mat.  Sim, JShap and Rodrigo are great mentors and Coaches to our son.  Their level of teaching is beyond anything our son has ever gotten.  He was good before, but has grown so much.  Every large class is like a private lesson, and every private lesson take our son's game leaps and bounds!!  It helps him in his wrestling as well, as they look at our son, and other things he does outside the gym, as a whole.  Not just for what he is on the mat.  We are honored and it's a privilege to call CKJJ our home and family.  Thanks for all you do CKJJ!!!
5	Cobra Kai Is the best gym I ever went to!! sim is the best jiujitsu coach in the world I recommend this gym
5	By far the most welcoming environment of all gyms i have been to in Las Vegas, and i have been to all the "Big name" gyms in Vegas. A family friendly environment that welcomes and teaches all levels of Jiu Jitsu, Boxing, and Muay Thai to all! Competent instructors with world class attitudes! Everyone that trains here is treated like a part of the family! The Head BJJ Instructor is very knowledgeable and treats everyone the same unbiased of what belt you are!There are no "i have something to prove" meatheads here! Everyone from the Senior Instructor to the 1st degree White belt learns the same techniques at the same time.
5	These guys are very welcoming of visitors. Sim Go is awesome and is a great instructor... I've trained at his club a few times and will continue to train there when making visits to LV. I had an opportunity to roll with him and a few other Black Belts there. It was quite a treat. He is super technical and very fast. Their BJJ is legit. His classes are super personable and you get tons of attention.This is the place to be if you are a BJJ fanatic. I plan on visiting place frequently while when visiting LV and have the itch to train!!  Osss
5	I will try to avoid the cliches of the gym being "a family, not just a team" and focus on the objective. The objective truth is that I have trained Brazilian jiujitsu, gi and no-gi, at dozens of gyms in various countries. And nowhere have I found an instructor who has taught me more useful techniques than Sim Go.I think the fundamental reason for this is the structure of the class. Sim does not believe in putting his students through 20 minutes of Crossfit-esque group training movements before every class. Instead, he realizes that his students' time is better served actually learning techniques and repeating them until they are ingrained in muscle memory. Sim understands that while warming up is important, it is better to do so with actual grappling-based movements instead of burpees, pushups, sprints, and other calisthenics you can do on your own time. The competition results speak for themselves. Despite being significantly smaller than many other Vegas BJJ gyms, Cobra Kai's results in local tournaments like Grapplers Quest and NAGA are stunning, with a number of podium finishes way out of proportion to their participation rate. Under Sim's guidance, Cobra Kai is also developing a burgeoning MMA team with a number of young up-and-coming prospects (as well as one crippled old man, the author of the post you're reading).Despite the "bad guy" name that Cobra Kai conjures, I've found everyone on the team to be good-spirited, kind-hearted and a pleasure to train with. I will miss this gym and even though I am leaving Vegas, I hope to come back as a visitor many times to continue my own jiujitsu journey.
5	I really, really, really, really love this place!
5	I moved to Vegas about 9 months ago and was looking for a new bjj gym. There are a lot of big name gyms out there to choose from so I had to do some homework. But I did some research online and spoke to some friends that trained in Vegas. All arrows were pointing towards Cobra Kai.The instructor, Sim Go, has a real welcoming, laid back atmosphere in the gym. But don't let that fool you, the school is full of some real killers.  He's as legit as they come, a quick Google search will show you.  Even after classes are done, Sim and the other higher belts usually stick around to answer any questions which is very beneficial. I've trained at several schools now and that's a rare thing to see. Going to cobra kai is what I look forward to, even after working 10 hour shifts.
5	I visited Cobra Kai in October 2014 when I was in Las Vegas for a conference.  I have trained Jiu Jitsu all over the world and I will say this is one of the best schools I have ever visited.  The training atmosphere was amazing, people were super friendly and very welcoming to a visitor.  Additionally, I learned some solid technique and got some great rolls in.  I even got a ride back to the strip after my cab didn't show.  Truly above and beyond.  I definitely will be returning here next time I am in Vegas!
