5	I'm not a big brand name gal, however when I heard there were great sales at Coach I had to check them out.   This last weekend there were purses on sale for 50% percent off the already reduced price.  I bought a super cute blue coach purse for $40 and I love it!!  I better not become a "Coach snob" now!!!  hahaThe store was very clean and the associates were all very friendly and helpful, especially Deb.  She gave me lots of information about different bags at Coach.  I recommend this store to anyone who likes Coach!  It's very bright, clean, and everyone is friendly!  Happy shopping!
5	I need to stop the insanity.  I get these e-mails telling me I get additional 30% off, NOOOOOO, I can't pass up that offer.  What do I do?  Get in the car and drive 25 miles each way and get more stuff.  I am obsessed with this store.  I got sunglasses, a new wallet, a cross body purse and a pair of flip flops.  I guess I need to unsubscribe from those e-mails.  At least I didn't pay full price.  This is how I rationalized my purchase.
1	We sat in the car for 1/2 hr waiting for the pouring rain to subside. We got there right at 8 and they wouldn't let us in. We live nowhere near here and were passing back by coming from vacation. they lost a sale and a customer at this store forever
5	LOVED my experience when I went there last weekend. My husband and I drove out there on Sep. 15th specifically to get me a coach purse and wallet. When we walked in we were immediately handed a 40% off the entire purchase coupon. SCORE! I was looking for a specific purse and the sales clerk was very attentive to trying to find what I was looking for, wish I remembered his name to give him kudos. Turns out the bag I was looking for was already out of season-damn! But he did find similar bags to that style. I opted for something different though, lol. When I picked out "the one" he informed me it was a new style- double score, and guided me to the matching wallets (poor hubby-- hahahaha!!!)... When we stood in line another salesclerk immediately came up to us and asked if we were paying with a credit card (it is a rare occassion when we actually do have cash) and told us she could take our payment. We were standing by some display when she pulled out this device from her pocket with a credit card sliding thing attached to it-- I'm pretty sure I've seen it on tv before... it kinda looked like that square thing you can attach to a phone and set it up to email me the receipt.. the less paper that I have the better..Oh and a side note! I thought we were gonna spend $400 for everything combined, hubby thought $600, we were pleasantly surprised when we saw the prices- Purse was $179, the wallet was $119, and after the coupon the total was $238- even. So... excellent customer service- check.Great prices- Double check.So will I be going back there again? Absolutely. Oh, poor hubby!!! I just hope that as another yelper stated I don't become a "coach snob" but I seriously doubt that it WONT happen
3	Saves money but I read online the purses you get here are not made the same as the ones from the real stores? not sure? My wife prefers the retail stores!
5	If you go to Coach at the mall you are going to pay 2-3x more than here. This place is my wife's new favorite. I am pretty happy to have found this place! Will save me a ton of money on my wife's purse habit!
5	Ok Julie H.   Really.....your complaining about the store not letting you in when you got there at 8.  The store doesn't open until 10!!  Your being unrealistic.  And I suppose it is the stores fault you had to wait in the car for half an hour for the rain to subside.  Come on.....  Why did the store lose your business over these things????  Are they suppose to cater to your schedule and demands??   I think your being unfair to a store you did not even shop in.  I think they dodged a bullet by not having you as a customer....
5	I love the outlet stores for this chain.  They always have good discounts on items and friendly staff.  We headed in to "just look," which always turns into getting something since the discounts get me everytime!  They had a great tote-inside-a-tote jade green bag that was just perfect for our upcoming trip to Orlando, so I grabbed it up with the 70% off clearance offer, plus an additional 10% off any purchase that day.  Both the associate that assisted up in finding the color I liked and the cashier that checked us out were very friendly and welcoming.  Overall: AI'm sure we'll be back again if we are in the area. It's a hard place for me to say no to!
5	The staff at this Coach store are nothing short of amazing.  They are very kind and very helpful.  I look forward to going to a Coach Outlet during the holidays! Always at least 50% off of regular and clearance items!  Sometimes you find the best deals in the non-clearance items... don't under estimate the new items!  Typically the sales associates will be walking around with calculators assisting you with the discounts - word to the wise -50% and then 30% additional is not equal to 80% off...
