1	I wish I could give them a negative score. Well lets see, I had one of them refer to me as the "crazy blonde" to a police officer friend of mine because I was upset they showed up at my job and I was upset about my dog. I got fined $50 for  "leash law" even though I had a leash on my dog but it snapped.   I have a friend who does dog rescues and they wouldnt even let her in to see a dog. She also told me the dogs they capture are worth more to them dead then alive cause they sell their remains to a horse feed place. I was part of a group trying to rescue a dog they had and they were determined not to let this dog be adopted so we finally got someone to lie and say it was their dog that escape their fence.   **Please also know if you take your dog there cause you cant keep it anymore, consider it dead with 48 hours.  They will not try to adopt it out because once you hand it to them its their property and they put it down.  Please tell people to take dogs to rescues because they take an oath to do whatever to save an animals life and they will not put it down.***
4	I just adopted a new family member, Ranger, from this shelter. They were very helpful and super nice. One mishap occurred with the adoption, but that was because Ranger had kennel cough that they were trying to take care of, and wanted to make sure he was healthy before getting neutered. What is keeping me from giving five stars is that while I walked back to my car, some lady I hadn't seen there before drug Ranger thru the doorway to get to his kennel (he didn't want to go). I have since been back, and she isn't there anymore. Yes, this is a "kill shelter", but I put it this way, I have been in there numerous times, and have seen a lot of the same dogs in there. I honestly believe they truly try to save as many dogs as possible. The staff was very informative, helpful, and caring. Same goes for the vets as well :) I would definitley recommend this shelter to anyone looking for a new furry family member. They also adopt out bunnies, hamsters, guinea pigs, chickens, etc! Check em' out! :)
5	Any "kill" shelter is going to get bad publicity but until I started volunteering as a foster, I had no idea what this place did for animals. They take in every stray animal you can imagine from raccoons to even horses. Strays often take extensive rehab and CMPD takes great care in getting these animals ready to be adopted. From behavior issues to health issues CMPD works hard to get these animals ready. As you walk the adoption kennels you will notice labels on them about whether they are House broken, crate trained ect. Each dog is carefully reviewed before they are deemed adoption ready.  They have an extensive network of fosters who work with the dogs until they are healthy enough or adapted enough for adoption.  (They always need more volunteers.)If you are looking to adopt a pet or for volunteer opportunities, this is a great organization to work with.
1	PLEASE help get the word out about this shelter!!! They deleted my friend's post from Facebook so, I'm hitting every other site I can. My friend's dog got out of their yard on Saturday 8/10/13. The family posted fliers and checked with them daily. Sadly, her collar came off and was found across the road. The family found out the shelter got the dog 08/13/13. Instead of waiting the 3 days they euthanized her immediately saying "We thought she was 11 (old)". She was 3 years old and a happy friendly dog. Regardless the dog SHOULD HAVE BEEN HELD!!! The family was checking in every day. The family including 4 year old daughter is devastated. They should be held accountable!!!
