4	Roller derby lives!  If you remember either the Great Depression, McCarthyism, or Joanie Loves Chachi, you probably remember roller derby.  Sometimes a serious sport, sometimes a three ring circus, roller derby had pretty much died out by the mid-eighties.  Then, early this century, a new breed of skaters emerged.  All-female teams, skating mostly flat-track and with decided punk personae, revived the sport.  These self named rollergirls now have leagues in over fifty cities.  Las Vegas' own Sin City Rollergirls, aka the SCRG, aka the Neander Dolls, are a new team, formed by Ivanna S. Pankin (you figure it out).  Other players include Trish the Dish, Glam BAMM!, and Lorena Bobbitt.Now, I remember Joanie Loves Chachi.  And I remember roller derby.  I decided to check them out.  The first time was during a practice session.  Practice sessions are informal affairs; the SCRG outnumbered the spectators, and the most vocal fan was the mother of one of the skaters.  Nonetheless, it was worth a quick visit.Next came an actual match, versus the Angel City Derby Girls.  If you like to watch highly polished professionals beating the crap out of each other, then you've got to go see...something else.  If you want to see a bunch of quirky but obviously competitive people playing for real, see the SCRG.  It was fun, and after about the first period the rules were easy to follow.Interested?  Tickets are dirt cheap, and their schedule is on their web site.
5	Not only does derby live but we are competitive and take the game seriously while still having fun. There's currently two home teams in Las Vegas: The Notorious VIPs and the Tommy Gun Terrors. We have a new venue just off of Las Vegas Blvd on Sunset (before paradise). Wear green because that's my team's color!! Everyone says there isn't enough family/local stuff to do in Vegas - well, now you've found it! Kids under 10 are free and the tickets are cheap for adults! check out the schedule here: www.sincityrollergirls.com
4	Ruthless. Competitive. Sexy. Sin City Rollergirls are cool, they are feisty and their matches are totally worth watching!  If you were ever lucky enough to catch RollerGames (1989-1990) on late night TV (as I did as a preteen), you know exactly what this game is all about and you can easily get hooked!On Saturday, April 25th, the Husband and I experienced our first real live roller derby match at the Las Vegas Roller Hockey Rink.  It's located in the corner of the Commercial Center and can easily be missed, but it's there! Doors opened at 7 pm and the bout begins at 8 pm.  You can choose to sit inside the rink on folding chairs, along the side on the floor, or safely behind the glass.  Seats are up close and personal and they do promise the possibility of having a rollergirl in your lap!  After the game, you can get autographs from your favorite players too!  (There's a snack bar available too.) If you don't  understand the game, they give out a handy little program with all the details, but the MC will also explain the game as it goes on.  There's even a mini duel right at the beginning to give you a visual of what's about to happen.That evening, they played against the Arizona Roller Derby Tent City Terrors.  Sure, we lost but it was a very exciting game and you never really knew who was going to win!Advanced tickets are $7 (although we tried purchasing such tickets the night before, but no luck), and $10 at the door.  Kids under 10 and EMTs are free!  This is definitely an athletic and family-friendly event, although a few of the players' names may be a bit suggestive.It looks like they have two local teams - The Notorious VIPs and the Tommy Gun Terrors.  But when they play against another city, they combine into the Sin City Rollergirls.  (Correct me if I'm wrong please!)  The team colors of the Sin City Rollergirls are orange and black.We're definitely looking forward to catching at least one more game before their season ends!
3	Mixed feeling about the roller girlsWent to the match with Central Coast  yesterday.You gotta luv vegas - next door to the roller hockey rink ...a wedding chapel ! I kinda expected a rink like what i saw in my youth in so cal watching late nite roller derby on channel 52 and either on kcop 13 or ktla 5 ( one of those ) - the rink had that embankment setup with a railing that inevitably you had one of the roller babes flying over the rail into the crowd ! And i kinda expected more violence -  things like the rope line, the drop down elbow after someone fell to the ground  and then of course, the grab each others hair and wrestle to the ground .... none of that.The score keeping made no sense to me and do they really need as many refs as players ( ok not quite ) that being said - it was still entertaining ! And a great crowd watching with a great vbe.  Not to sure about the " cheerleader " running around babbling on about who knows what.  The halftime show was a dance gig that was pretty cool.Would i go again ?  Hell yeah ! pics added
4	Do you like hot chicks and mild violence? Then this is totally for you! I went to my second bout Saturday night and had an awesome time!! They were located in a new venue - a ballroom in the Riviera convention center- which I think was an improvement over the ol' hockey rink.  Why? Much better booze selections and cleaner bathrooms.  It's true, I'm that shallow.  Anyway, armed with a Sierra Nevada draft and some good company, I watched two of the LV squads take on each other, AND I finally figured out how the scoring works, so bonus.  (Jammers score 1 pt for each person  they pass in the pack when they are the lead jammer.  You're welcome!)These ladies throw a hell of an after party as well!  I hope this new venue will stick as their home turf and that I will get to see many more bouts this season.  Tix are $15 at the door (but they sold out this opening bout!); kids and EMTs are free.  You can buy tickets online ahead of time for $10 plus a $1.99 convenience fee.
5	Gotta show some love for our local derby girls! I love going and watching the bouts. Its very action packed. Derby is making a huge comeback and is becoming very popular. In Vegas they are flat track which is different from the banked tracks back in the day but it still is hella fun to watch.If you have never been out to see them you should. Its a great night out!
4	Talk about fun. I first heard about this through a friend. He went to an event about a month ago and kept raving about it on facebook. When he mentioned that he was going again, I jumped at the chance to check it out for myself.I bought my ticket online and saved a couple of bucks. In any case, this is cheap entertainment and they're supposedly not-for-profit. It's all in the name of fun so I'm down to support them. I mean, girls just wanna have fun!I knew nothing about the sport coming in. One of my friend's coworkers tried to explain it to me, but I figured I'd learn better by watching it. They also do a dry run to give new crowd members a quick primer. Honestly, it's a pretty simple sport. There are some nuances that are still confusing, but it doesn't take long to get a feel for the game.Incidentally, the hometown Notorious VIP team crushed the visiting Inland Empire Derby Divas. It wasn't even close (something like 185-83). How did they score so many points? I don't know. I understand the basics of scoring, but it all happens so fast.I'm definitely going again.
5	chics with shoes that have wheels. anyday, anytime.i'm hooked
5	I've got a thing for Derby Girls. My wife knows this, and is as understanding as any person can  be. However, it  wasn't until this weekend when we actually got to see Vegas' own Derby Girls in action. We bought our tickets online the day before the event (thank goodness). When we arrived, we found out  that they were sold out. We had a friend with us who had yet to buy tickets, so we had to wait around until they determined that some of the will call tickets wouldn't be picked up. This particular bout was at the Riviera, which is pretty sketch, but still "classy". We had trouble finding parking, and it was suggested that unless we get to the Riv' an hour or more before the bout that we should park at the Hilton and walk over. We were with a friend who is preggers, so that wouldn't have flown.Anyway, we arrived in the ballroom at halftime of the first match. The place was packed with a very diverse crowd. There were floor seats, as well as some elevated seats. They also have a bar and a food station. Once the action got started, I got to see what I'd been waiting to see live for a long time. The women were all very hardcore. The first match had a lot of newbie Derby Girls, so they had varying athletic ability. However, they were all full of passion and grit. After the first match, we were subjected to a pair of pretty blah announcers, but once the action of that match got started, it was all action, violence and glory. The crowd really got behind our local team, and that was pretty awesome to see and hear. Unfortunately, the match didn't end well for the Sin City All-Stars, but it was amazing to watch. These women are true athletes, and had a ton of drive and passion for the sport. Overall, we had a great time watching these women play. This was a five star time for sure, even if the announcers were a bit annoying.
4	Cool.I think roller derby in general has a pseudo-underground feeling, which makes me feel cooler for going (plus one point). That also means there are lots of high school kids on dates at these bouts - many with their parents as chaperones! I love the old, somewhat seedy casinos, so plus one point for being in the Riviera.Team names/uniforms/skater names are all cool, too. Plus another point.Tickets are only $10 in advance and bud light is only $2.50 a cup. Plus another point.My expectations were somewhat tainted by the 80s derby on tv and especially by watching the movie Whip It last year. Do not expect either of those things - there are no walls, no banked track, no crazy screaming crowd at the sin city rollergirls, but this is only their second season. As the league grows, who knows....
4	Big  fan!!  Love attending the bouts each month.  Sometimes I think the crowd themselves are as entertaining as some of the skaters.  Such diversity, so eclectic.Special thanks to Yelp!  for the half-time entertainment this weekend and the Thriller Dance contest.
5	Girls skating on roller skates and knocking each other down, what's there not to like? It's tamed violence at it's finest and after a couple adult beverages you begin to enjoy this spectator sport even more. It's great entertainment for cheap. Makes me wish I could skate better. So check these girls out and make sure you get your tixs early because they do sell out! You would be surprised how many people from different walks of life attend these events. Let's just say the poor 51's have stiff competition but people actually watch these matches as opposed to the social happy hour at a 51's game.
5	Go, be amazed.
4	These girls are BAD ASS, if I could skate I would totally be trying out. Alas, I am worthless on roller skates and instead I go, cheer, and drink a lot of cheap beer. The new location is much better, bigger and a little less creepy but still creepy enough to make things interesting. Overall this is one of the best cheap activities in town.
5	My friend asked me if I wanted to go to the roller derby.  Having never been, I was curious to go.  The first time we went, I had a blast!  There's such an eclectic group of people!  Especially the girls playing!  My husband, parents and I had such a good time that we came back for the finals!  The finals were even more fun than the regular game!  The crowd was almost electric with excitement and the derby girls were in rare form!   Tickets and drinks are cheap....fun for the whole family!My 1 request...could there be season tickets, please?!  I think this would be a great idea....I'm sure people, not just me, would be very interested in buying season tickets for a sky box and being able to reserve a box for home games.  I think it would allow people to become more invested in the teams and in attending games.  Just a suggestion!   Really looking for next season to start!  I love the roller derby!
3	I saw the pre-season mini-bouts so maybe the actual season is a little more exciting.  It's set up in the Riviera conference center and the skaters just seem to be on a big dancefloor.  The skaters were not very aggressive, probably because if they push too hard, one of the skaters will end up in the crowd.  The audience was around the floor in standard conference room chairs, some in stands but most just on the floor level with the skaters.  The scoreboard appeared to be a powerpoint setup.  Everything just screamed business conference to me.   Except for the girls in roller skates and the little kids running around.Frankly, it was kind of boring to watch and I spent most of the time catching up with friends. The announcer kept forgetting which teams were actually playing, so I don't think he was paying attention either.  Beers are pretty cheap - $5 if I recall correctly.  And if you buy tickets in advance, you can get in for $10.  Just look for the code on the website.  However, it does get pretty crowded.  We got there a 7pm and had a hard time finding seats together where we could see.  So if you want to watch from a comfortable seated position, get there early.  Also, parking is a pain if you don't get there early.This mini-bout thing lasted 3 hours, which was way too long in my opinion.  One hour and we were done.  They sell raffle tickets ($1 each), but the raffle is spread out throughout the night so keep that in mind.  If you check in on Yelp, you can get a free raffle ticket.It's a pretty inexpensive entertainment option.  Like I said, there are little kids running everywhere, but they aren't annoying or anything.  The space is big enough to accomodate that.  You can hang out with friends and drink beer and chat, but there are places with better ambiance for that. If they get a space with a real rink, I will definitely be back.  But this setup reminds me too much of a work function and the flat track is just too boring.
3	Mixed feelings on this one. It was fun, but it also wasn't. Granted, I truly did not know what to expect going in.When I attended, it was four teams in the league doing six "mini-bouts" in a ballroom at the Riviera. The crowd was quite big and pretty into it all. There was beer and snacks for purchase. There was some riser seating with the rest just being rows of typical ballroom chairs. The seating was "in-the-round" - on all sides of the skating area.I was a bit disappointed that the "rink" was all flat and not the rounded thing I was thinking it would be. And that definitely lowered the excitement of it all. It was also kind of minimal when it came to any real "action" or excitement. And it was a bit difficult to see everything and keep track of all that was going on without being in a seat where you are more up above and looking down.So it was an ok time, but the whole thing was about three hours long, which was definitely way too much for me.
5	Tough as nails with looks set on kill. That is how I feel about these girls. They are fierce and sassy. Susan B. Bruisin' is who I come out to cheer for. There are many talented women out on the track, but she is amazing as a jammer or blocker. For someone who cannot even stay up on skates myself; the way they bob, weave, pound on each other, and still get up is awe inspiring.I usually use brownpaperticketsdotcom to purchase my tickets and pick them up before the match. Be sure to come a little early because the line gets long the closer it is to starting. For $10, there are few forms of entertainment that beats roller derby. As a kid, I use to watch Roller Jam on Fridays religiously. I miss the smack talk and staged drama, but this is just as fun.
5	So you are considering attending the Sin City Roller Girls next match? ARE YOU READY TO RUMBLE??? If you're  like me You will not be disappointed when you leave.  I'd seen a few matches on TV and of course saw the Hollywood movie and knew what I was in for when I arrived but nothing prepared me for seeing this up front and personal.  Just a little advice don't sit center rink as you will spend the next few hours looking left then right left then right and that will result in a stiff neck the next day. Its a low budget sporting event held in a large room with a flat skating surface so no inclined banks to increase speed and encourage high speed hits but trust me the ladies get moving very fast and the hits are intense and a plenty.  As these athletes are paying for much if not everything on their own the announcer spends the night trying to get you to buy concessions, raffle tickets and t-shirts but you will be more than happy to open your check book to make some purchases; after all you are going to want to keep these girls on their skates and crushing their opponents like they did last week. I'm sure they have a great deal with the Riviera but I'm also hoping they find a major sponsor so they can get their own dedicated arena. Having inclined banks makes things so much better. I brought my girlfriend and her daughter to the match and it was their first time.  They had never seen an event, were unfamiliar with the rules or scoring and the announcer was not only entertaining but spent the night explaining in detail what was going on and why.  They left asking me a. when is the next match and can we go? b. can I get a pair of skates? they are having open try outs once I get my skates can I go try out?   One of my co-workers also attended and she wanted to note that she and her 6 year old daughter had a great time.  She even wanted me to mention how family friendly it felt.  Her daughter met a group of kids and she was comfortable letting them play in her peripheral while she watched the match going on in front of her.  It was her first time as well and she wants to attend the April 21st match and is planning on wearing a costume and interacting with cheerleader(yes they have an official cheerleader)I'm looking forward to the next match.  Keep on rolling ladies and better yet I say stay on your wheels or be carried out on your back! (yes it gets that intense) Thanks for a great family night, Your newest fan!
4	Wanna see some girls skate around and push each other?  The answer is, "of course."Ok, so it may not be as fierce as Drew Barrymore would have you believe, but that still doesn't mean Sin City Roller Girls can't provide you with some high-quality entertainment.  Located in the Riviera, you can sit back and watch some derby, grab some drinks, buy some badass t-shirts, win some cupcakes, and maybe even see radio personality Gonzo.There are two bouts and each one is an hour long.  I honestly didn't know a lot about derby when we went, but they have free pamphlets that explain the positions, rules, and referee signals.  Within minutes I felt like I had a really good idea about what was happening.The atmosphere is pretty chill and there seems to be lots of family and friends coming out to support the girls.  There was even a large group of children running around and enjoying themselves.  This is a safe atmosphere for parents, punks, rockabilly, and hipsters alike. The only complaint I have is that the drinks are pretty standards prices ($6 well drinks) and the alcohol is nonexistent.   I pretty much just drank a cup of cranberry juice while I was there.  Get yourself a beer instead.
5	SERIOUSLY AWESOME!!!!!!! I was always fascinated and wanted to go to one, Andrea Ruggles is part of the team, she said hey come down, so we did!!! SO FUN!!! Gotta say, we like to go, it is a cheap fun evening!! The kids love it, it is family friendly, inexpensive AND SERIOUSLY JUST FUNNNNNN!!!! Try it, YOU WILL LIKE IT!!! I wish I was younger, I would love to be a roller girl!!!!! AWESOMENESS!!!! Great group of people great fans...it is a great experience!!!
5	I started going to see the Fabulous Sin City Rollergils back in December, and haven't missed a bout since. Yes, there are sexy women on skates, in fishnets and short shorts. BUT, what makes this such great fun is the sport itself, and the dedication of these women to it. The SCRG is made up of women who do this for love, not money. All of them are paying to get out there on the flat track and try to either score points for their team, or keep the other team from scoring. In most cases, they do both at the same time. And, no, this isn't your grandpa's roller derby. All the fake stuff has been thrown out the window. These are true athletes giving their all, practicing and scrimmaging constantly to try and improve. Not to mention, spending LOTS of their own money to do so. The SCRG is a member of the WFTDA (Women's Flat Track Derby Association), and is one of over 100 member teams in the United States. The SCRG has four local teams: The Hoover Damned, The Notorious V.I.P., The Tommygun Terrors, and the newest team, The Flying Aces. There is an all-star team made up of women from each of the four local teams, as well as a B-team. Both travel to bouts and participate in WFTDA sanctioned matches for ranking. The All Stars just closed out a very successful season, landing them in the top twenty of their division. These are very skilled athletes, and do Las Vegas proud.But, what can you expect when you go to see the SCRG here? You can expect a night of action and fun, in a family friendly atmosphere. The bouts take place at the Riviera Convention Center in one of the big ballrooms. There is ample seating, but get there early for the best seats. If you've got the guts, sit on the floor trackside, known as a "suicide seat". Why is it called that? Because you may end up being smashed into by a rollergirl being pushed off the track. I prefer to sit in one of the seats, preferably near the announcers pit, when I can, on Turn One. The doors open about an hour before the first bout (these are usually double headers), and there is a lot of fun to be had before the bouts, just getting to know the rollergirls themselves, learning the rules, getting a drink or snack, etc. Plus, you are definitely going to want to pick up some raffle tix and/or team t-shirts and other swag. As I mentioned, there is no pay for these ladies, and the sales of these items help suppor things like renting the ballroom and paying for travel to bouts away from home.If you are a noob to roller derby, you can find tons of options online to learn about the sport, but it is far more fun to learn more while watching. The bout announcers are great at explaining the rules, and there are usually several of the rollergirls who aren't in the bout that are wandering around with a sign exhorting you to ask them questions. That is what I did the first time I went, and it sure did help me to understand what was going on. (Thank you, Stella Blue!) Once you have a basic understanding of the rules (which are also printed inside each bout program AND being explained by the bout announcers), you find yourself being totally drawn into the action. It is fierce, fast, and furious. There are rules, but these ladies are not wimps by any stretch of the imagination. Don't expect "Whip It", but you will not be disappointed.One of the greatest things about derby is how the rollergirls treat their fans. Do NOT be afraid to go up and speak to any of them after a bout. The SCRG loves their fans as much as they love the sport, and I think that is a big part of what makes a derby fan so loyal. We give what we get. As mentioned before, it is family friendly, and you will always see some of the ladies taking pictures with their smallest fans, some of whom will grow up to be rollergirls someday, for sure. Once you have gotten a hug from a rollergirl, you are a fan, for sure And when you get recognized as a fan publicly on your birthday at a bout? Yeah, i am a super fan for life.. There IS a theatrical element to the sport, and I think that also draws people to it. I mean, the Hoover Damned is the team that got me into roller derby (How can you NOT love zombie rollergirls), but I truly love all the teams, and sometimes find it hard rooting for one over the other. I have made friends with ladies from every team. So, yeah, the Damned is my "first" team, but that doesn't mean I don't root for all of them to a point. What keeps me coming back is the dedication and heart I see on that track every month. Not one of these women is "phoning it in", and none of this is "fixed". These ladies are in it to win it. That is something you don't see enough of in sports these days. You don't believe me, then you just take a look at the faces of these derby girls on the track. Come on out! Star Dust Dunes, The Force, Morbid Mangler, Warren Peace, Epic FailHer, Lisa Carr, BeatHer Bailey, Afternoon D-Lightning, Despicable Mia, Taylor Swiftkick, Dislokate, Juke'r Luker, and friends are waiting!
