2	I've stayed here with a few friends back in 2008, 2009 & just now in 2011.  It seems that each year, the place becomes more & more run-down.  The rooms don't appear to ever have seen any type of make-over or update (paint, 'kitchen,' bathroom, rug, etc).  The hallways are dark & don't show any cleanliness.  This year, they didn't have any towels - because of an issue with 'their cleaning service.'  They offered us 1 towel - and it was delivered quickly - but there were two of us.  Ugh.I'm a person that is very bug conscious and thankfully haven't seen any on the floors we've stayed on (high numbers), but maybe they're afraid of heights.  The AC in the room we just recently stayed in was new and decent; it kept the place pretty cool.There is nothing that this place offers that makes us go back - it was always a 'safe bet.'   I think next year we'll be looking elsewhere - especially at around $160US for the night for two people - and we're only in the room for about 4-5 hours.Sorry La Tour Centre Ville -- it was fun while it lasted.
4	This is a great affordable and centrally located hotel in the Montreal area. There is free wi-fi, and they give you the password on checkin, so there's no hassle in obtaining it. We needed a new iron since the one in the room didn't work. It arrived promptly in the morning. The staff is courtesy, and the rooms are clean and well appointed. Not a luxury hotel, but an awesome deal for your money. I would definitely stay here again.
2	During my last trip to Montreal (October 2007), I stayed at this hotel located to downtown Montreal's cultural core.  Unlike other hotels in the area, the La Tour Centre Ville hotel is definitely a good value for your budget, however, it really is outdated when it comes to many modern day services found in hotels found elsewhere in the area. First of all, it's definitely a hike to Montreal's Village and nightclub area (Rue St. Catherine Est). Second, the hotel seems to have last been remodeled when Rene Levesque was Premier, which truly is sad seeing that Montreal is a first class tourist destination. The hotel has an eerie empty ambiance most of the time I was there, although hotel staff were very helpful and good. If distance to the area's hotspots, price, and decor is not a problem for you, then you found the right spot. Otherwise, I rather stay at the Hilton or the Gouverneur Hotel.
