4	The tremendous street sign beckons: All you can eat baby back ribs for $17.  How can you go wrong?  You can't.  Great service, delicious ribs (one rack and I had "the itis" but still definitely got my money's worth).  Had a good time watching the Dolphins beat the spread against the Steelers.  You should definitely stop here, especially if you have an appetite.  The ghettoish nature of the casino is well documented, but the waitresses do nonetheless wear short shorts.  This place is a great stop off the beaten path.
5	For the past year I've been singing the praise of Marino's to anyone who would listen.  Am I tad biased because of the fact I'm a life-long Dolphins fan?  I'll leave that up to you, but don't for a moment allow my fan allegiance to stand in your way of the most delicious ribs you might have ever had. Seems most of the negativity on the Yelp front comes from the fact people rolled in late.  I didn't experience this but can see where that might piss one off.  So from my all-you-can-eat Marino's extravaganza I can attest to the fact I stuffed myself properly.  The 1st rack is huge and no we're not talking about the measly chicken ribs you'll find at the larger bbq chains (Outback I'm talking to you).  Each rib was struggling to hold onto its moist delicious meat.  I tore through the 1st rack and only got 3-4 ribs into the 2nd, which was a half rack before my gut called it quits and my wife rolled y across the street to our hotel.Not to be forgotten were the delicious side orders.  I had the baked beans and garlic mashed potatoes both were fantastic.  Like the ribs, Marino's served up an endless supply. Lastly, the service was fantastic.  I say this due to the fact our waiter allowed us to take home leftovers, even though that's a bit of a no no with many all-you-can-eat offers and I had pretty much ordered a round of seconds with the sole intention of bringing them back to my room for a midnight snack.
1	Keep far away from the burgers in here. They have no flavor and the buns are hard as a rock. On top of that it took 30 minutes to get my food and another 15 minutes to get my ticket. I should have just went to McDonalds. I will never return. I was also disappointed that flat screen TVs were not in HD.
2	We did a lap thru MGM, NYNY, Mandalay, Excalibur and finally the Trop. And so it was 10am and we wanted breakfast to soak up the booze. Dan Marino seemed as good of a choice as any. But somewhere between seeing the "Fine Food & Spirits" part and walking in and realizing it's not fine, I sobered up and felt that I was gonna be in for one disgusting experience.I was right.The scrambled eggs was disgusting. The sausage links/patties were disgusting as well. Probably should've stuck with their cereal but 14 hours of drinking can cloud your judgement like that. The service was pretty good however. And FYI, it's not the hooters girls.
4	Came here before a show at Hooters.  The drinks are good and I had a Cesar Salad which was crisp and the dressing was very good too.  I tried my bf's sandwich and it was very tasty too.
4	My boyfriend came here all last summer to get the bbq chicken salad, which he loves, so we came here together in November--he wanted me to try it. I wasn't thrilled looking at the menu, but the grouper sandwich I ordered was delicious, and HUGE. Everything we had was good, and the service was great. He loves it and I would definitely eat there with him again, it just would not be my first choice.
4	HOOTER WINGS served 24 HOURS!! a great discovery for me and my friends.since it's inside the Hooters Hotel..they serve hooters food all night.. even though it's inside the Dan Marino's restaurant..  you can also get the hooters food to go if you just order at the bar.. or you can sit and order from the dan marino menu or hooters menu.  it's great.
3	Ok, so this place, other then being named after Marino, really does nothing to make me think of him.  Anyways - located inside the Hooters Hotel and Casino - and the menu is not that of a Hooters restaurant (they have one in the Casino already) although I have heard you can order Hooters stuff from the bar.Anyways - ordering off the menu of this place is plenty for me!  The drinks and food were more then affordable and it was more then enough food to keep me going throughout the long night in Vegas.  With reasonably priced, decently portioned delicious food, how can you go wrong?  They also have a $17.99 all you can eat Rib special.  Now THAT is worth it!If you want to get a quick bite, either for lunch or you don't feel like blowing your gambling cash somewhere else, stop here.  It's worth it.
4	Went there years back (May 2007)& planning to go this weekend!My favorite buffet in all of vegas!!!! I'm very picky on my seafood and my stomach can't take too much heavy, oily food so this place is the place for good hearty meal that's not a stomach! =)Ribs made as order, as well as the yummy side dishes and more.  Place is pretty nice, I went there when it was new.... so i remember it was clean steakhouse.  Waiter was super nice & I ate there during lunch.  I'm going for dinner this time! $17.99 Lunch & Dinner, 11am - Midnight. (It was $16.99 back in the day)
3	It's open 24 hours, the prices are reasonable, and then there's that 25-cent Hooters wing special after midnight. I have to say my grilled cheese sandwich with baked beans as a side was very good, but how hard is it to make a grilled cheese sandwich? I wouldn't recommend the BBQ chicken salad though. I've been here twice and it was pretty empty both times. Had great service, efficient and attentive waiter/waitress. Not anywhere you'd seek out to go, but if you're close by and it's getting late, this place works in a pinch.
5	Went back this weekend, and still an AWESOME place to eat.They don't have different ribs, and they took out sweet potateo fries, BUT its still all good. =)I ate way too much. =X I stack.  I think that was still worth the $18 since my brother ate enough for 2 other friends.  The place is more crowded and I guess at night they serve 25cent wings!! So of course, this place isn't as classy as when it first started but it is a causal place to eat.  Enjoy! =)
2	Went there is morning (~1am) and the wait was very long (half the restaurant is closed due to less staff on duty). I tried the 25cent wings special, since the friend that picked the restaurant recommended it. I ordered the BBQ wings and I have to say that the stuff you buy at Costco is better, at least you can make it and eat it while it is hot.  The wings I received were almost cold, and the wings were not all covered in the BBQ sauce.Looking at their menu, I do see other items that may be worth trying out.  But I would stay away from the Hooter's wings.  Our server was super busy, but he did do his best to check up on us and provide refills.
4	I am a fan of 25 cent Hooters Chicken Wings from 12am - 6am. I doubt I will ever eat anything else here. It is so cheap. I usually just order 10 medium wings and ranch. I have to say it again. It is so cheap!!!It is fun to see how many wings people go through. I think the most I have witnessed is 30 wings!!!This restaurant is an awesome place to sober up at.
2	What exactly is going on here?The boyfriend, some friends, and I went here on a friday night. We waited about 20 minutes to get a pager, and waited another 30 minutes until the pager went off and were seated.  Under that impression, we thought this place would be good.We ordered mild, bbq, and "9-1-1" wings.First the mild.These are fried, greasy, chalky tasting, breaded wings, smothered in butter. No salt. No taste. Disgusting.Second, the BBQ.These were the same chalky, floury wings, barely touched with BBQ sauce. It doesn't take a magician to toss a pan of fried wings in sauce yknow.. they could've spent the extra 5 seconds tossing some more sauce so the wings were actually covered in it. Fail.9-1-1These brought tears to my friends eyes. The boyfriend, who can normally stomach anything hot, only ate 1. Our friend ate 3. They paid for it later in the bathroom.. lolThe only thing about this place that was positive was our waitress. She was so attentive and friendly. She was right there when our sodas/waters got low. And didn't take long at all when we asked for the bill. She was very awesome, and received a very nice tip from us.This place... is just... gross. Gross gross gross. Stay away!!
3	Our experience was okay....we had been driving all day and this was the closest restaurant to our hotel, so after checking in, we tried it out.  The food was actually pretty good.  My wife's alfredo was excellent.  I think I just had a BLT; good but nothing different than most BLTs.  I hated that I had to endure the smell of cigarette smoke wafting in from the bar and casino..yuck...takes the whole eating experience down a few notches. The service was good.
3	The Girlfriend and I came here for breakfast after a night stay there in the Hooters Hotel and Casino. Dan Marino's is located in the Hooters Hotel and  serves breakfast till 12pm. We chose the breakfast buffet because we received a coupon book with a coupon for a 2 for 1 buffet meal when we signed up for the free players club card. Regular price of buffet, $10. Buffet consist of all the basic breakfast goods. Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage links and patties, diced potatoes and dry cereal. They also had waffles with strawberries as choice for topping. The waffles weren't too bad, tasted more like a thick pancake though.  There was even a bread pudding sort of kinda thing. Oh and fruit, can't forget the fruit. Watermelon, cantelope, pineapple, orange and pink grapefruit slices. Buffett meals include coffee,milk, oj or soda. All in all it was a good bargin and good food.
4	$0.25 HOT WINGS.  How can you go wrong with that?  I love hot wings and I love cheap food so this was perfect.  This special goes on from 12am-6am.  And you have to order at least 10 wings.You can choose from breaded or naked with mild, hot, bbq, or 911.  Breaded is good but I think naked is much better.  And I like spicy food so I get Hot.  I don't like 911 because the sauce was really powdery.The only bad thing about this is that there is usually a 30 minute wait.
3	Wow, have I been eating alot of wings lately. I came here awhile back and have to say that the wings are exactly the same at any hooter's location. The great thing about Dan Marino's is after 12am, it's 25 cents a wing! Doesn't get any better than that! There is a 10 wing minimum, but since we went in a large group, wasn't that hard to order over 100 wings together. We ordered breaded and non-breaded wings, some hot and then some 911. The wings came pretty quickly much to our surprise, our waitress was super attentive and friendly. The wings were tasty and I have to say that the 911 wings were a tad too vinegary for me. I did like the hot but wished it had more kick to it. Overall, the food and experience was good. Not too bad for Vegas late night fare and I would definitely recommend this cheap eat and definite food coma inducer to others!
3	You hung over?  You hungray?  It's past midnight.  Come over here "especially if you are staying at the MGM Grand across the street for some late night grub.  $.25 cent a wing after midnight - how could you beat that?  Just don't mind the drunk people and you'll be fine.  Cheapness does come with a price.
4	Those $.25 hooter wings are the best!!!!  We also ordered the prime rib special for $9.95 and shared and it was not half bad.  Oh man, it came with the corn bread muffin which had particles of real corn and some jalapenos and had a good amount of sweetness but not too much.  That my friend was just heaven - especially when you are drunk.  Bill came up to $25 with tax tip and two beers.  Who could beat that?
5	I've only eaten here for breakfast, but I can attest they do a mean breakfast. The breakfast sausage they have is fantastic, and the steak they do with their steak and eggs is a step above what you get in most places.
3	I don't know what's on the menu because the only reason we come here is for the 25 cent wings after midnight. Some of the people I was with weren't impressed with the quality of the wings, but for me, 10 wings for $2.50 in Las Vegas outweighs any complaints I could possibly dream up. You have to order wings in multiples of 10 and it can take a while to get seated. That's about it.
2	Everyone made such a big hype about these wings and how they are 25 cents but honestly the wait for this is ridiculous !!! I waited for an hour and the service to get the wings was soo horrible. All I can say was I was really shocked about how bad the service was and how rude the waiters and staff for this place is ! I waited an extra half an hour just to get the check it was bad, bad, bad. The wings I thought was going to make it up but the wings tasted soo oily and fattening I just couldn't stomach eating 10 of them !! Maybe it was because I wasn't drunk and I did have my taste buds but this place is not good if you are sober that's for sure!!
1	We actually chose to stay at Hooters because of this place. We decided to drive to Las Vegas in the middle of the night instead of waiting until the morning as we originally planned. We had planned on staying in a cheap room in Primm, but at the last second decided to stay at Hooters since we figured we'd be hungry upon arrival at 3AM and the 25 cent wings sounded like a good idea.We hit up Marino's immediately after dropping our stuff off in the room. My friend had the prime rib special and 10 BBQ wings and my other friend ordered 30 wings (20 medium and 10 BBQ). I ordered 20 BBQ wings and a cup of Dan's chili. Out of the 40 BBQ wings ordered between the 3 of us, about 18 were actually eaten. That's over half the wings that went uneaten. They were so over-sauced and the sauce was so strong that they were almost inedible. I only ate 9 myself. My friend shared his medium wings with me and they were at least edible without having to scrape off the sauce with a fork. Actually, the medium wings were did not have enough sauce. Some of them actually had no sauce whatsoever on them. Luckily, between those, the few BBQ wings I did manage to eat before giving up, and the cup of chili I managed to satiate my hunger. The chili was OK. Nothing special at all. I honestly have no idea what was wrong with the chef that night. I eat Hooters wings all the time and they are not like this. I think a starving guy at 3AM only managing to eat 9 of the 20 wings he ordered says a lot.Service was OK. It was not very busy. A lot of people ordered food and then immediately asked for a box. They do not allow you to order take out, so people just used this method.
1	We went to Hooters for the free slot play and decided to eat something.  We saw Dan Marino's and decided to give it a try.  I was immediately turned off by the fact that at 1:45p.m. the place was a mess.   Paper, food and other things littered the floor.  The tables seemed to be only wiped down and the staff absent.  We should have left at this point, but stayed. There were about 4 other tables seated during this time and we ordered first and got our meal last.  I couldn't bring myself to order anything traditional, since I was so turned off by the cleanliness of the place, so I got a house salad.  The tomatoes were mushy, the lettuce wilted and warm.  While it was a decent size, it lacked greatly.  Not to mention I found a hair in it, which was NOT mine.  6 bites into it and I was done.  My boyfriend ordered the Brisket Platter, the only edible thing on that was the garlic mashed potatoes and those were mediocre.  The meat on this platter was ok, but over sauced and it seems that they use a cinnamon base, so it was too sweet.  The corn on the cob was bland, cold and most kernels were broken and destroyed as if it had sat in water way too long or been rough handled.    The platter was supposed to come with a corn muffin, but did not.  Probably best. Some staff were friendly, while others seemed rude.   A huge disappointment.   We are only giving it a 1, because we cannot go any lower.   We will definitely stay away from this place and Hooters all together.
2	To put it all out there, I was in Vegas for 5 days and I was hungry for meat........I mean, the sign that read "PRIME RIB DINNER $9.95" really was speaking my drunken-Vegas language....i know, i know...i'm more of a Yellowtail @ Bellagio girl....but fuck, i've been drunk for 120 hours straight.....THE ORDER:$9.95 PRIME RIB DINNER: 2 stars....Good overall VALUE, but the meat was not that good. The corn was waaaaaay over-steamed. The garlic mashed was OKAY, but lacked creaminess, the jalapeno corn bread was tasty....but yah...$9.95 CHICKEN AND RIB DINNER: 2.5 stars....again, GREAT VALUE...this was better than the P.R. because of the varity...actually a nice lil slab of ribs...but they were much too sweet for my liking....but juicy...i think they were boiled before grilled. Chx breast was juicy....but had the same bbq sauce as the ribs....Side Salads with Balsamic and BleuCheese: 3 stars...really good for the quality I was expecting...the dressings were good.Some wine, some beer.....THE SERVICE:4.5 stars......REALLY GOOD!!! Very kind, warm, and knowledgable!I Probably Won't Go Back.......but it wasnt HORRIBLE, just not that GOOD...xo-andrea
4	I was here about a year ago and the brunch was very good.
3	The cheap eat adventure continues onto 25cent Hooter Wings!!! The special is from midnight to 6am, which is perfect after a night of clubbing and gambling.4 people. 60 wings. Muahahaha. We're such fatties, but whatever. $15 baby! Got the original, barbeque and spicy. Dang, those spicy wings were hecka good! =D
3	Dan Marino's is the place to be for cheap, late-night pigging out! Located inside the Hooter's hotel, they offer a 25 cent wings deal from 12 am-6 am. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2fqQVxtFGc-bjKQ3BXItA?select=U5ZDe4EBVdft12a2lW1DDQ) Of course we had to swing by after clubbing...we had no excuse since it was on the way back to our hotel too. We made the mistake of ordering way too many wings for 4 people but at least it was easy on the wallet! We ordered BBQ, spicy, and original wings...the food came out super quick so couldn't complain about that! My favorite was the BBQ one since the thick sauce gave the wings some needed moisture and I loved the bold, smoky flavor! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2fqQVxtFGc-bjKQ3BXItA?select=U8Puf2YKLF7CsnITY14YSg) The spicy ones weren't that spicy for me but were more tangy than anything else...not bad though. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2fqQVxtFGc-bjKQ3BXItA?select=TO_82kf3Hak59Y_jE62PkQ) The original ones were way too greasy and swimming in a plate of oil...ew.It's an awesome deal but just be careful of overdoing it when ordering!
1	This is a review of the $9.95 prime rib special.  The prime rib itself was OK, nothing special, no complaints.  The cornbread / jalapeno muffin is a little sweet, but pretty good, and filling.  However the corn on the cob was way overcooked.  This is hard to mess up.  The clincher was the garlic mashed potatoes, these were practically inedible, seems instead of using garlic they use heapfuls of garlic salt or garlic powder added to regular mashed potatoes overwhelming the flavor into something quite horrendous.  I was hungry so occasionally I would spoon some in with regrets each time.  Service was fine.  I'd give 2 stars but I was a bit shocked at the culinary misfires.  I suppose you get what you pay for but I'm pretty sure this can be improved upon without needing to raise prices.
4	I almost feel bad reviewing this place, simply because I barely remember it.  However, if I have a vague recollection of what I ate here after THAT much whiskey, it must be worth at least 4 stars.  The wings were tasty (of course) and we also got some tasty onion  rings.And the bill was probably about a quarter of what we paid to eat anywhere else in Vegas.  Which was a good thing because we pumped a BUNCH of money into the slot machines after...but I'll save that for the review of the casino...
4	OK, this place has bad service and every time I've come here I've had to wait at least 30 min to get a table even for two people.. but I can't speak badly about a place that serves hooters wings for 25 cents from 12am-6am. I love hooters. I love dirt cheap food. Dirt cheap hooters? SIGN ME UP!quickie note: wings are ordered in batches of 10, so technically you have to pay $2.50 for each order of 10.. but cmon.. it's still TWENTY FIVE CENTS a wing!
4	25 cent wings!!!!!! 12am-6am. Get ready for a wait.. I fell asleep waiting by a slot machine. And get ready for more waiting inside.. we ended up dropping a $20 and leaving after our meal.. that was probably a really big tip but we didn't want to wait. Despite the long wait and pretty crappy service... I can't get over the 25 cent wings. yum.
1	This is the WORST restaurant I have EVER been to and experienced..We came to go eat lunch.. it took 30 minutes to seat us when they weren't even busy at all. Rude hostess. One of our orders came out wrong and the waitress blamed it on my friend saying she didn't say what she ordered, unprofessional? I think so. Don't fight with the customer. The only thing I thought was good were the onion rings and my steamed vegetables. We all tried eachothers food, THUMBS DOWN. The grilled chicken was the driest piece of .... i've ever had, even if I put sauce with it.. I couldn't finish my meal. The chicken tenders had weird after tastes, and the eggs tasted different.. basically everything tasted different considering that it doesn't taste the way it should.. all processed junk with no quality. The jalapeno cornbread muffins with butter.. yuck. Waste of time and money. I would've enjoyed Denny's better (and that's saying a lot considering that I'm not a big fan of dennys), I do not recommend this place.
3	When we arrived we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated and the restuarant wasn't even half full.  Food was ok not great not bad but ok.   Our server was very friendly.  They have a 9.99 prime rib deal
3	Aforemetioned, $.25 wings from midnight to 6am.  Yay for that.The wings were good.  We got 40 and almost finished.  I was real shitfaced and perhaps that added to the deliciousness.  Great deal for Vegas.Seating took too long.  When we got in, there were plenty of tables available, and still a long line outside.  Once inside, the service was surprisingly good.  $1 sides of blue cheese were meager.  So meager that 2 stars were docked for Marino's.
4	I had my first full meal of the day on my second day in Vegas well around 3pm. Homegirl and I wanted some Hooters wings, but upon seeing the line that literally went out the door and around the corner, we knew we weren't having them. Plan B was this place. She gave me advance notice about their jalapeno corn muffins with honey butter. I've had a few good corn muffins, but this one blows them all out of the water. The jalapeno didn't give too much heat, and the butter complimented the muffin nicely. Actually, I wouldn't have had a problem devouring the butter by itself. It was that good! For the main course, I was about to get their chicken sandwich until I flipped over the menu and saw that their prime rib was $9.95. That's a freakin' steal! I ordered it without any hesitation. It was juicy and tender--the way prime rib should be every time. Their horseradish sauce wasn't as potent as the ones I've tried from other places, so I nearly drenched every bite in it. The food deserves the 4 stars. The service on the other hand is between 2-3. There wasn't anyone at the entrance to welcome us, so we literally walked ourselves in.  However, our waiter was prompt, which made up for it.
1	Sorry, Dan Marino. Your place isn't that great and I definitely was not impressed. It probably would have gotten a better rating if it was 3am, I was intoxicated, and eating cheap chicken wings. Unfortunately, it was 1pm, I was sober/hungover, and paying way too much for the experience that was my lunch that day.I stayed at Hooter's and was killing time before my shuttle came to take me to the airport. It looked pretty slow, but as we were sitting, we noticed about five other tables come in within about ten minutes. I'm a waitress also and I know that if I was the only server on the floor and I received 5 tables in 10 minutes and I already had tables, I would be freaking out a bit. I think our server was the only one on until (it looked like) another one came from break or clocked in.My friends split a garden salad with ranch and I ordered a Caesar salad to start with. A guy brought out our salads, dropped them on the table and walked away without making sure that everything was correct. My Caesar salad was actually a salad with bleu cheese and by the time we got it fixed (about 10 minutes later), my food came out after I took about 2 bites of it. At that point, I was a little annoyed (if not sleep-deprived and grumpy), but it wasn't a big deal.I don't remember what my friends ordered, but I got the brisket sandwich, which was decent, but I probably wouldn't order it again. This is where I thought I was on candid camera or temporarily invisible. And it kind of killed the whole meal. I don't know if I pissed off my waitress because of the whole salad debacle, but she hardly even looked at me throughout the rest of the meal. My friends each got refills on their diet cokes and when she brought the iced tea pitcher by, I THOUGHT she asked me if I wanted more iced tea (my glass had been empty for 10 minutes), and when I said yes, she turned around and refilled the table behind us with iced tea. Uhm, HUH? It was almost kind of comical.I have to admit, this is my first 1-star rating for anywhere and maybe I'm expecting too much (Maybe refills are overrated?), but I would probably only come back for the 25 cent wings when I'm intoxicated at Hooter's at 3am.
1	I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but what people should know about this place is NO MORE 25 CENT CHICKEN WINGS.That's right.Normally, that fact alone wouldn't justify a 1-star review. But everything else was just horrible. We came here expecting our beloved, delicious 25-cent wings that we've been coming for for years, only to be told that this was discontinued 2 months ago. Now you can have 10 wings and fries for 8 dollars. Whatever, we'd come here all the way from the Venetian and we were hungry. The fact that there was no wait, like there usually is, should have tipped us off. The restaurant was dirty and had sticky tables. I don't know why I did, but I ordered the fried calamari, which came out burned-looking and the calamari chewy, rubbery, and gross. I couldn't even have my friends try them because I didn't want to make more than one person ill. The waitress never asked why I hadn't touched my plate, or offered anything else.My friend also had the "worst chicken fingers she'd ever had," consisting of mostly bread. There really wasn't any saving grace to this place at all.I felt bad for raving about this place and taking my friends here, and also for telling everyone else I knew about it. I loved this place and their amazing wing deals for years, and am sad that I can't come back. Dan Marino would be ashamed, too.
3	NC
1	I was so excited to be in Vegas again and kept thinking about the delicious 25 cent wings at the Hooters Hotel. I brought my friends over and was confused because 1) there was no giant wait time and 2) Dan Marino's was no longer called Dan Marino's, it was now a "Mad Onion"Dan Marino's is now closed. My beloved Vegas 25 cent wings are gone. =(. All I have left in vegas is the novelty of cheap steak and eggs.
3	My dinner was Labor Day weekend September 2009 Well we got in super late so we ate here @ Dan Marino's. Pleasant surprise! This place was freakin good! There was a long line of people waiting to eat and we thought wow, that's a long ass line, must be really good so we picked this place over the Hooters rest. in the back. Well turns out the line was waiting for some wing special at 11 or midnight that you get an obscene amt of wings for a low low price. We saw some lady walk out w/ literally 3 completely stuffed white strafoam boxes-- to the brim w/ wings. no shame - and she was by herself! I had the small ceasar salad w/ grilled ckn, super cheap like $7.99 and it was delicious. prob. 2nd best I've had next to Outback. thats another review!My bf had the steak special and he loved it. SO much food for such small price $9.99. It was quality food too. not the left over meat they shovel out to you like @ Longhorn. I'd def. add this to my rotation if I was in the area more.'
5	Dan Marino's at the Hooters Hotel has the best wings in Vegas. My friends and I come here often, a little too often. Nothing beats 25 cent wings past midnight. They also carry a bunch of other great dishes if wings ain't your thing. Dan Marino's is by far the best wings in Vegas for it's price at least.
1	UPDATE: Ok I went to this place with some out-of-state visitors of mine who were staying @ the Hooters. We arrived @ Hooters @12:05 and they closed @ 12. damn.  Only other choice is Dan Marino's aka The Mad Onion. Ok, sure I've been there before and saw tons of people order those wings so I'll go with that. BAD DECISION!!! if Hooters is closed, just go home and get a great breakfast somewhere else in the AM. The wings were the worst I've ever tasted. I thought Rum Runner was the worst wings but this place gave them a run for their $ and have been crowned worst wings ever. I wish I had taken a picture but imagine Wet Republic @ MGM ... now imagine the water is grease. imagine the chairs floaties are wings and that the water is a cool 45F. coldest, greasiest wings ever. I realize the hour is late but you're an open business. You should be used to patrons asking for different things on the menu. and beign this is y oru late night special - I'd figure this is something you'd prepare to order... for this to be fresh today not fresh yesterday. I stomached literally 1.5 wings. 1st b/c i didnt know.. 2nd 1/2 just to make sure. even the french fries were inedible. My smart friend that ordered the egg and chicken fried steak plate had toast with her so since I really was trying to get he grease taste out of my mouth. I wouldnt go bk but instead head to a buffalo wild wings thats open 24/7.
3	Seriously their jalapeno corn bread, with the honey sweet butter was amazing!! I would come back for that. Their BBQ ribs are pretty good too, but man won me with the corn bread! The service was pretty good. I can't complain!
3	You would think Dan Marino allowing his name on something would be just great.. Unfortunately not the case.. It was so-so.. Got an 8oz NY strip.. it was ok, but lacked something.. not sure what it was.. but the taste fell flat and left me craving a real steak.. The jalapeno muffins were awesome, too bad that doesnt make up for the meal or the service. The server left us waiting for long periods of time wondering if our empty glasses were supposed to fill themselves which sucks because the place wasn't really all that busy at all.. Pretty sure I wont be kaing this place a stop on my next visit to Sin City..
4	If your in the mood for Prime Rib - this is the place to go.  They offer a prime rib dinner for $9.95 or a prime rib sandwich and talk about awesome.  They cook it perfectly and it taste great. The place is busy all the time but open 24/7. They do need to hire more help so the wait isn't so long. Other than that - GO!
