2	The GOOD:Breakfast Buffet- The buffet is included with the room and includes coffee, waffles, eggs, pastries, and cereal.  It's not bad when you are on a business trip and are pressed for time.Rates- I have stayed here two times and paid $70 or less each time.  Shopping-I f you are staying for an extended period of time, it may be helpful to have the staff fetch groceries for you.  Lists are provided in the rooms and there is no charge above the cost of the groceries for this service.  The INDIFFERENT:Rooms-The rooms haven't been renovated in quite some time.  The rooms are clean, but they do show their age.The BAD:WiFi- It is free, but it is unbelievably slow:  Upload:  0.45 Mbps / Download 0.48 Mbps  You cannot watch YouTube without skipping every 5 seconds.Front Desk- Check-in is always a slight challenge as the front desk staff always seems a bit overwhelmed.  During my most recent stay, I arrived around 7:30PM and was locked out of the lobby while the staff was vacuuming the dining room.Noise- The rooms tend to be noisy, you can hear guests in nearby rooms.  Beds- The mattresses are low quality and during my recent stay I had a bed that seemed to be twin vs. queen size. No Safe- The rooms do not have a safe to store valuables during the day.  Probably not a concern for most business travelers, but I don't like to tote around all my electronics all the time.TVs-  I had a huge room with a King size bed that had two large flat screen TVs (37" or 42").  The room with the Twin bed had two TINY flat screen TVs.  I am not sure how small they were, but they were small.No Morning Newspaper
4	We were in Arizona for a competition.  There was a huge baseball thing going on and I couldn't find a Residence inn that had the type of room I needed so  initially I  stayed at another hotel.  After the second night I couldn't stand it there anymore and called around looking for a Residence Inn, which is my normal choice of hotel.  I was directed to the Residence Inn on Paradise lane.  I called, they had a room (since the baseball players were all checking out) and they had it at a great rate too!  I packed my stuff and started my move and then checked on the ratings.  I almost changed my plans again after seeing some poor ratings but I am glad I didn't.  The hotel is an older model of Residence Inn but they are in the middle of renovations and I happen to get one of the new rooms.  It was wonderful!  I did happen to see some of the older rooms that had not yet been renovated and they did not look bad, just not as nice as the newer ones.  I normally cook in the hotel (one of the reasons I pick Residence Inn). They have all the necessary items to cook your own meals, unlike the hotel I originally had.The hotel smells very clean and the employees are all very hospitable and you feel as if they really care about your stay being enjoyable. They Breakfast was plentiful, they have lots of choices:Oatmeal with various topping choicesCold CerealsFruitsWaffles with lots of toppingsyogurtbreads, bagels,  and lots of other pastrieseggspotatoesBreakfast meatslots of drink choices...and more!They even had a dinner/hospitality hour.  I was sad that I was only able to partake in one evening of this but it was very nice.  The menu said Chicken Wings and Fries but they also had salad bar, fruit, two different choices of wings, and some other choices.  It was very satisfying.
5	This is a great hotel with a perfect and super friendly staff with shopping and IN N Out burger and other places to eat very close everything you need is right here. If you are a Marriott fan this is a perfect example of the Marriott standard
5	A truly lovely, clean, and spacious facility!  I am forever surprised by the frequent and unexpected free upgrades from Marriott. I reserved a single occupancy room and a switch to a larger room when my family arrived from out of town; instead Marriott provided an upgrade to a large, 2 room suite for my entire stay - no charge.  The full service kitchen allows me to eat in - saving money, time, and allowing me to manage my food allergies.  Always clean, with perfect beds and plenty of pillows, the Residence Inn and Marriott chain always impresses.
2	This would have been a 5 star review, but they charged me an extra $20 after check out for no reason! They asked for a credit card when I checked in, "Just to have on file for incidentals...it won't be charged." At least that's what I was told! There isn't any incidentals to be had at this hotel. No mini bar, no snacks in the room, and no drinks in the fridge. So what was the charge for? I used my own soap and lotion, and even paid double for some drinks and snacks at the snack bar downstairs...it just aggravates me. My friend stayed at the same time in a different room and was also charged the $20 after check out, so beware since it must be standard here!
4	I didn't have many encounters with the staff but when I did they were very friendly. The room was clean and very spacious. There were 2 TVs one in the loving room and one in the room which was perfect since my bf watches what he wanted in the living room  while I did the same in the room. This would have been a 5 star review but the power went out for quite a while at night which prevented me from charging my phone to set my alarm or using the internet.
5	We had to stay here due to water damage in our house and it was great! We had a 2 bedroom suite with a living space and kitchenette. And every morning they serve breakfast in the lobby. Employees were friendly always greeting is when we came in or left. except one guy at night
