5	We had intended to visit J'eet today and found that it was gone, and Caffe Mona in its place. We had also walked just as the restaurant was supposed to closed but we didn't realize, and yet the owner served us graciously.The menu has some of the same offerings as J'eet did, with many new additions as well. Notably, the espresso machine and coffees have returned. Mike had the Elvis crepe (banana, peanut butter, and BACON!), I had one with spiced applesauce, caramel, and walnuts. The crepes themselves were excellent, just the right texture and the flavor spot on. I love the new crepe offerings, can't wait to try them, plus there is a French toast menu which is a great idea.We chatted with the new owner for a bit, he's a really interesting and friendly guy and he makes good food for sure, so we'll definitely return!
3	So breakfast was delicious! BUT service was slow...horribly slow. With 3 tables total I don't really think it should take 10 minutes to get a glass of water or a pot of tea. Let alone the length of time we waited for our food. Maybe our server was distracted by other things but eh...I rather just order food to go and call it a day.
4	I've walked past his place several times, so I had to finally check it out.  Boy, I'm glad I did.  Caffe Mona is great.  The service was good, and the staff was really friendly.  i ordered the Remember the Alamo savory and crepe and my bf got a breakfast sandwich. Both were delicious. My only complaint would be I wish I would have had a bit more dressing on my salad. I'm not someone who likes their salads drenched, but I would like to have the dressing noticeable. Coffee was good and strong.  i will definitely be heading back here.  The menu is interesting and I'm ready to try more.
2	Oh man, I hate to do this but:  The food here is simply not good.  I had the "Remember the Alamo" crepe and home fries for brunch recently.  I don't know who they think they're fooling, but the guacamole scoop that came on top of the crepe was store-bought - and not even one of the higher end store-bought guacs.  It was inedible.  To make matters worse, the "home fries" were...steamed or boiled or... I don't know what they did to them, but they were most definitely not fried.  They were just slices of mushy potatoes.I really want this place to get it together.  When it was J'eet, the food wasn't especially great, but it was good enough.  My advice:  learn to work with fresh ingredients and learn how to make home fries.     The service was by no means stellar, but it was acceptable and the restaurant itself is cute.  They really could have something great if they tried a little harder.
4	Really great service. Everyone was very friendly and the environment is even more comfortable than when it was J'eet....I consider myself a coffee snob, and the latte I got was pretty good. My favorite meal of any day is brunch and their menu is packed with interesting sweet AND savory french toast dishes and crepes...delish!! I may become a regular :)
4	I was a fan of J'eet when I wandered in last year.  I found the coffee here to be exceptional, especially when I told the owner to "surprise me" when he asked what I would like.  I had a spinach French Toast that was exceptional, as savory French Toast was something of a new experience and the Chili was good enough that I ordered a second portion to take with me on the long drive home.  I'm looking forward to making this a regular stop when I visit the Childrens' Hospital across the street.  I spoke at great length with the owner, who was very interested in customer feedback, as was the chef, who told me a lot about how she selected a real artisenal bakery with fresh deliveries.
5	I loved my breakfast, our waitress was very friendly and helpful with menu selections. It also has a great atmosphere and good tea. Highly recommended for people looking for all day breakfast or a good cup of coffee. Will be returning soon. Prices are very affordable.
5	This place is simply delicious!I am not too familiar with Bloomfield area, but my friend and I were out on a Sunday looking for a nice brunch spot and we stumbled upon Caffe Mona. I noticed the lights outside and it caught our attention!The food was incredible. She had the bagel and egg sandwich (you will see how it is done when you go) and said it was absolutely delicious. I had the banana split french toast--the name should say it all! They also offer other sandwiches and breakfast items as well as a full coffee/espresso bar.Right on Penn across from the hospital, this is a place you definitely want to check out!
4	The chocolate covered strawberry crepe did not have fresh strawberries, it had preserves. I wish their menu had said that it is strawberry preserve.
1	Got food poisoning after eating here!!
4	Wonderful variations on deli fare. I've loved everything I've eaten there. My favorite is probably the Turkey Fig Sandwich, a tasty and unique dish I haven't seen anywhere else. Highly recommended. I hope more people come in!
5	A sleek dining room with excellent coffee. Caffe Mona is a well-executed modern coffee shop, with clean lines and a beautiful patio. If you're looking for a place to simply get a well brewed cup of coffee look no further. While you may not want to linger in the indoor dining space due to the peculiar odors wafting from the kitchen at the back of the building, the service is impeccable and this is an excellent quick-stop for coffee and a sandwich.
5	My group and I always are looking for a new brunch spot to love. So we looked online for brunch spots ( we LOVE Coca Cafe, Gypsy Cafe, Square Cafe ) and found this GEM. It may very well be our new favorite brunch spot. Or one of them. It's SPECTACULAR!My we shared so much stuff around the table it was unreal. The crepes were so yummy. I had the Elvis minus the bacon, bananas and peanut butter drizzled with maple syrup. So yummy, so good. Then my main course was the potato scramble. It wasn't a scramble in any way shape or form, it was an omelet. But it was one hell of an omelet. Cheese, tomatoes, and hash browns inside the omelet. So fluffy and so awesome. My good friend ordered the espresso french toast and said it was the best french toast she ever had. Drenched in a chocolatey gooey goodness. And had the perfect amount of coffee flavor to it. And the bread inspite of the glaze was still perfectly browned in butter. My wife went with a savory french toast, one with pepperoni, tomato, olives. Not my scene, but she loved it so that's all that matters. She said she thought it was great. My ONLY complaint was home fries. They weren't that great, oven browned I think then wayyy too much paprika. Most places trash home fries so no big deal. But the amount of paprika was WOW!! But no big deal. Oh and I went and had the gingebread latte. Couldn't wait til' September, so I went ahead and had one. MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. Exceptional latte. Great. Please go. If you love brunch, you will not be disappointed.
4	Caffe Mona you snuck up on me!  I was searching for a place to grab brunch and stumbled upon this place.  I didn't know where it came from, but apparently my friend pointed out that it used to be J'eet.  It's really very homey inside.  I love the wood accents and casual feel.  What drew me in was a promise of fabulous french toast.  That promise was kept thankfully!  I love a good prix fixed menu and for $13.99 you can get three courses of breakfast goodness!  First course was a fruit dish.  It was actually a plate full of apples, pears and watermelon.  Way bigger than I thought and fresh to boot.  The second course I choose the fig, apple and brie french toast.  The fig was baked into a large slice of french toast while the brie was melted on top adorned with a couple thinly sliced pieces of apple.  It was incredibly tasty and had a plentiful amount of fig!  If the air issue is cleared up I'd happily hunker myself down here for a afternoon work sesh.  They offer free wifi and we even had a dude sitting next to us with his laptop out, so I feel like they're welcome to workers.  The last course was an apricot preserve on a crepe.  The apricot was so so good!  It's definitely something you're not going to get everywhere.  I may have thought it was a lot of bread if they hadn't served that huge plate of fruit, so thanks for not making me feel guilty Caffe Mona!The one complaint is that it was hot as Hades inside.  Like the oven's been on all day and we don't have a strong enough air conditioner/don't have one on at all hot.  It was pretty uncomfortable so good thing the food was a win or I may have been outta there by the first course!  As long as they get that under control I'd return.  Looks like they're welcoming to workers considering they offer free wifi and we were sitting right next to a busy little worker bee next to us.  So pump that air and I'll spend the day ordering up some delish food and have a nice little work day!
4	Really enjoyed brunch today.  Liked the french toast with berries and creme, as well as the french toast with brie, apple and fig.  Coffee is excellent.  Service was friendly (thanks, Tuba!) and the atmosphere pleasant and comfy.  Sat and chatted for an hour after we finished and didn't feel pressured at all.  great little place.BTW, was there on a 95+ degree day and the temp inside was fine (referencing an earlier review about it being hot)
4	This is a cute little place we had brunch at with our CM Rachel C and her friend the other weekend. I liked the fruit plate also. Service was a little off. The crepe with apricot jelly was very good I recall.
2	In sum, I do not recommend eating here. In fact, I feel I am being overly generous giving it 2 stars. I felt, since my picky brother enjoyed his strange meal that I should at least give it 2 stars. If we are to base it solely on my dish and that of my friends- a one star would more than suffice. That being said, I have to wonder if I should have eaten something other than crepes. I see my fellow trusted yelpers enjoyed their meals- but none of them eat the crepes!Even if I never had a crepe before, let alone the AMAZING light as a cloud crepes from Paris 66 I would still know the crepes served here are largely inedible. But I am getting ahead of myself.The place was largely empty when we arrived on a late weekend morning. Only about 3 other tables besides our party of 4. Yet we waited for over an hour for 2 orders of crepes, french toast, and a sandwich. Really? Our waitress was not much for conversation. My friend, who is notoriously more picky than my brother requested whipped cream instead of something else in her crepe. At first, the waitress tried to convince her not to change the menu as it would annoy the cooks. After a few minutes of talking she finally accepted my friends request. She wanted to add whipped cream not lobster I don't see what the fuss was about to begin with- bygones.I ordered a fruit crepe. Which the exception of the cooking outcome resembling a burnt-ish flaming campfire marshmallow, folded up like an egg roll, the taste was boring, burnt, and listless. I eat two bites and put down my napkin. I had no idea one could defile a crepe in such a way until that day. My friend that requested the whipped cream. If I thought my crepe saw a rough afternoon her looked like it was literally dropped on the floor a few times then thrown on the plate. Guess they showed her for ordering that whipped cream? I can see now why the waitress warned us not to change the menu. May I suggest that their employees partake in some local anger management meetings?My brother ordered the savory french toast. Italian made with ham, capicola, salami, pepperoni, and marinara Sauce. He loved it. Then again he also loves McD's and Taco Bell. I did not try his meal, I took his word for it.My husband ordered a sandwich The Club- he said it was good. Not bad, not great but good. Lastly, I was not a fan of their coffee either. I could not wait to leave. I only live a few blocks away and needed to go home to make something to eat.On a positive note, I loved the Einstein artwork. It was the one positive thing I can recall of our visit.
3	Been here a couple of times and each time I encountered no problems. It's a nice place to have your coffee and work on something or just hang out. I had the meatlover's omelet which was great. The service is OK. It took a little bit for someone to take my order, but the place has many artwork and a coffee bar open to the street that I was easily distracted.
4	Thank you fellow Yelpers for making me aware of this one! I never would have imagined such a place existed! And it's not obvious by looking at the place that such wonderful food resides inside that door. We intended to try Coca Cafe for brunch but the line was far too long so we decided, based on Yelp reviews, to go up the hill and try Caffe Mona since it was so close. WOW. Amazing. The place is small but it has a deck out back that, in good sunny weather, offers a great place to sit, relax, and enjoy some good food.Great menu selections include a prix fix 3 course brunch for $13.99 - includes unlimited coffee, a fresh fruit plate (tons of fruit!), and entree, and a dessert crepe. That's what we chose but I don't think we could have gone wrong with anything on that menu. I got the Mediterranean omelet which was done to perfection with peppers, olives and feta cheese. My wife got the savory French toast with brie, fig preserves, and slices of granny smith apples on a thick piece of French toast. She claims this may have been the best breakfast dish she's ever had. I tried it (imagine that!) and concur - it truly was amazing. People next to us got the berry stuffed French toast which, I admit, I drooled over. Even with a full stomach I would have taken a bite if they had offered. He couldn't finish his and took half home.The crepe was the only disappointment - it tasted like it had been made ahead of time and was a little hard. I know crepes and they should be thin, served warm, and not crunchy in the least. I'm willing to forgive it since by the time that was served, I could barely eat another bite. All in all it was a great place. GREAT place. I'm ready to go back.
4	I thought the food we ordered was delicious. All the ingredients in the Mediterranean omelette and Terrapin crepe tasted very fresh and flavorful. However the variety of fruits in the fruit plate could be better by adding some seasonal delights such as berries, grapes, peaches or melons.Overall the ambiance was very calm, quiet, and refreshing . Perfect for a Sunday morning breakfast! The servers were very polite, efficient and service was prompt.
3	Cafe Monna is another breakfast/brunch spot in the Bloomfield corridor that flies under the radar.Breakfast is without a doubt the most important meal out of any. This being said, the varieties in breakfast fare from culinary adventurous, to hip and chic, to greasy spoon leave a diversity in the class of breakfast and brunch themed resteraunts or events.To me, it is like Best Picture overall, Foreign Language film of the year, or Best RomComnotstarringSethRoganOrBradleyCooper.Caffe Monna is its own niche. They can really develop this into something fantastic with their real estate. They have a quaint inside, and sidewalk seating. The outside porch is magnificent. Kudos for outside spaces that make our flighty Pgh sunny days all the more wonderful.CM has a hipsterish vibe, and there is nothing wrong with that. Their menu is succinct and their coffee mugs large. The prixe fix menu is very reasonable on price, as are most of their options. They could use a few more meat and taters options though, as potatoes, to me, are the hallmark of a good brunch.I ordered the Elvis Crepe and my girlfriend ordered the French toast. My crepe was somewhat dull and had too much peanut butter. The simplicity that is a perfect crepe was betrayed by the lack of balance in the ingredients. A crepe with bacon, bananas and peanut butter can be made a lot more interesting. The PB should be a very delicate spread though.My girlfriends french toast with fig preserve and brie was quite good. The fig preserve could have been made better as a fig syrup.If CM steps their culinary game up just a tad, they could be a repeat spot pretty easily. I don't think this would take too much on their part.
4	I've been wanting to return for the awesome Caffe Mona brunch for a while - in fact I can't believe it's been so long since we've been here. After reading some less than stellar reviews I felt compelled to jump in and send Caffe Mona some love!This place is incredibly cute - very European inspired, brick walls, wooden tables & an awesome back patio. Reminds me very much of Birchwood Kitchen in Chicago, which I love! Plus they have a killer location literally right across the street from Children's Hospital. The $13.99 prix fixe brunch menu was an exciting thing to find. The only thing that could have made it better would have been knowing it was BYOB before we went. Nothing better with a tasty brunch than a good bottle of champagne, although their coffee was pretty darned delicious.I started off brunch with a fresh fruit plate and everything served was in season, ripe & juicy. Great start. Then I was served a dish that made my eyes roll back in my head (even without the champs)! The savory French toast topped with house made fig jam, Brie that was super creamy & buttery and Granny Smith Apples was absolutely superb. The flavor combinations complemented each other perfectly and I only shared a couple of bites with hubby & devoured the rest. I was totally stuffed when the final item, an apricot jam crepe, was placed in front of me. Sad to say, they should have skipped this item. It was crunchy & pretty flavorless. I couldn't have eaten it anyway, but based on the rest of the meal it just didn't compare. Next visit, I'll have a hard time not ordering that French Toast again & you can bet there will be champagne!
4	As I drove by Caffe Mona looking for a parking spot, (good luck. parking is on the street only) I seriously considered turning around and canceling my brunch plans. Wow. This place is a little frightening from the outside. However, when I was able to find a spot at a nearby meter, I cautious walked in and took a huge sigh of relief. The inside is quaint but charming. A few tables inside and looks like a deck with tables outside in nice weather. Although I was drawn to Caffe Mona because of the prix fixed menu, I decided that I really wanted to try the Elvis (crepes with peanut butter, bananas & bacon) and I thought that a third course of a sweet crepes might be a little much. In addition to my Elvis, I ordered a fruit plate for an app. I was rather disappointed in the fruit plate. I understand that most fruits are not in season in late March but I was expecting a little more than just apples, bananas and white grapes. It was not pleasing to the eye. Also to note, my plate was significantly larger than my two dinning companions who ordered the fruit plate as their first course with the prix fixed menu. A few minutes later, I was presented with the glory that was the Elvis. I can still taste the sweetness of the syrup and bananas perfectly complimented by the saltiness of the crisp bacon. I sat back and enjoyed every last bite while the girls were presented with their third course, a crepe with strawbery jam. In conclusion, don't judge a book by its cover. Although Caffe Mona looks rough and tumble from the outside, the food, atmosphere and decor are well worth the fight to find parking.
5	Wonderful little hole in the wall brunch place.  Both times I came it was a Sunday around noon and I was really surprised that it wasn't more crowded since this place is so awesome.  Delicious food and coffee, reasonable prices, and great service in a cute and cozy atmosphere.  They also have a great outdoor patio for when the weather is nice.
2	I went here with my family for Breakfast. We had a reservation, but had to wait for a table to open up for us, which kind of defeats the purpose of a reservation. A group with the same amount of people was in line in front of us when we entered. They didn't have a reservation and were seated right away at an empty table. That table should have been saved for our reservation instead of given to a walk-in. My husband and mother ordered the mocha french toast. I had the Brentwood bagel sandwich. The French toast was drenched in chocolate. It was too much. Way too heavy. The toast was supposed to be infused with espresso, but there wasn't the slightest hint of any coffee-like flavoring. My husband said he tasted some of the toast without the chocolate coating and it was flavorless. This dish had a lot of potential to be amazingly delicious, but it fell flat.My Brentwood sandwich wasn't nearly as big of a miss as the mocha french toast, but it still was lacking. I got the Everything bagel and the sandwhich description said it was bacon, lettuce, tomato, and avocado. The only complaint I have is that there was barely any avocado. They used mashed avocado instead of slices, and they swiped a nearly undetectable amount on the bread. It was kind of disappointing since I'm a big fan of avocado! With such a weak amount, the sandwich could have really used some mayo or something to help counter the dryness of all the other ingredients. Besides the food, the service was a little slow and it took quite a while for our food to come out. They only had two servers working though so I could understand that they may have been a little short staffed. Overall, I don't know if I'd visit again. Maybe to try the crepes, but I doubt it.
5	I went here for brunch after my sister highly recommended it.  I wasn't disappointed!  I loved J'eet, so I was happy to see they kind of stuck with the same crepe theme, but added much more.  The french toast is to die for - and the portion is VERY generous!  The plate of fruit is very large as well and displayed nicely.  Ours was apples, pears, bananas and oranges.  The omlette was delicious and so was the brie apple crepe.  No complaints at all!  I'm no coffee snob by any means, but I thought their coffee was top notch as well.  Everyone seemed very friendly and helpful, but not annoying -- my type of servers! My sister and I left very full and happy with our time there.  A huge plus is the beautiful back patio too.  I would def suggest going here when it's nice out and you can sit outside.I can't wait to go back!
4	I was just Googling breakfast places in my neighborhood and stumbled onto this place.One word: Pierogi crepe.
5	Really enjoyed this place the two times that we went.  I'm a sucker for breakfast sandwiches, and the veggie is so creative and delicious... I want one now.The mochas are tasty, and the space is small and quiet... almost too quiet... but nice.  I will be back to get more breakfast sammiches!
1	Server inattentive. Got check before even silverware. Was served wrong food. Had to ask for our food, knowing it was ready after 25 min. Coffee refills sat at coffee bar until I got up and retrieved them, and they may have had three tables.
4	Brunched here with the hubby & his newlywed friends on a Sunday afternoon. Sat on patio, loved the vibe, very laid back. Food was lovely, hubby and I had the prix fix -AMAZINGLY fresh and delicious! Anytime brie gets on French toast, I'm happy!Left full and happy!
5	This place is wonderful. Went for Sunday brunch and the food was phenomal. I especially recommend the spanikopita French toast. Not the best service but decent. The quality of the food overshadowed any subpar service. If you can, go when you can sit outside. The patio is lovely and (surprisingly) not crowded at noon.
4	My review is based on the overall experience of the place. My friend and I went on a Sunday a little after noon. It was not very crowded inside, but the patio was full. We ended up sitting at a high top table, which was fine. It took them awhile to tell us whether or not they had outside seating available. So that was weird. I ordered the potato Mona styles eggs. The eggs came with a small piece of toasted bread and a tiny salad. The salad dressing was delicious (balsamic) and the lettuce and tomatoes were incredibly fresh. I would have been ok sacrificing some eggs for more salad. The eggs were also really interesting and tasty. There was a little bit too much cheese on the eggs but I still thought it was yummy. I loved the bread and wish it had been larger!The experience was overall not pleasant, though. They seemed short staffed. The guy at the front seemed incredibly stressed and frazzled. I think there was a family there that really frazzled the staff. They kept going behind the counter and preparing their own drinks! It was really weird. So I understand that the annoying family was not the staff's fault, but their annoyance was translating onto other customers like us. The guy was clearly not handling it well and it showed. Again, this was really not their fault because that family was so obnoxious!I would maybe go again if I had a patio seat. I feel like all that frenzied activity would have been shielded from us had we been outside. So, while the food was excellent, the service was very uncomfortable.I would say it was just a bad day! So that's why I'll still give four stars. I docked a star for the staff experience.
5	I'm a regular here--great service, relaxed vibe, and my food is always excellent.  Great, affordable lunch spot in the area.
4	Really delicious food with imaginative breakfast creations (I had the Caprese bagel sandwich and it was terrific) and well-made espresso a nice atmosphere. At this to your list of breakfast places to try in Pittsburgh.
1	Worst service ever. We waited over two hours for our food, and the server defensively said that the cafe is "European style" when we ultimately asked for our food to go. The thing is that in Europe servers provide excellent service consistently over a several hour period while you linger over your meal. We were just lingering over our growling stomachs, the server didn't even refill our coffees and waters. After all that, the food was merely ok.
2	Good food and vibe overall. Service is terrible. Do not come here if you've got some place to be in an hour or two. I've been here a couple of times over the past few months and everything moves at a snail speed - from being sat, to having someone take your orders, to getting a drink, to getting food, and even to getting the bill.However, if you're not in a rush and don't mind waiting for a bit, go here because the food is good and the outside patio is nice.
3	Just to be upfront, I only very recently went here once and I only got a cup of coffee to sit and work for a bit. I did not get any food. So I live a few blocks down from Penn and I've walked past this place dozens of times. I was really surprised to read that this place has been reviewed a bunch and seems so established. To be honest, almost every time I walk by the place is empty. And after walking in, even though it's very cool and beautiful on the inside, I got the sense that it was a newer place just starting to get its bearings. This was the case with my stop-in (around 10am on a weekday). The guy behind the counter was helpful and nice. Something that I noticed was a little odd was that he said the cook was out and I'd have to wait if I wanted to get food- so I got a cup of coffee and sat down to work for a bit. The coffee was good, and the Wifi is free and worked perfectly. After a while, the guy behind the counter gave me a menu and even a free refill on coffee while we waited for the cook the arrive. The menu actually looked really tasty, particularly the brunch food (I'm a sucker for breakfast food anytime of the day). I wasn't necessarily stopping in for food, but if I had I would have been frustrated waiting. I finally got up and paid for the coffee and left. I might come back to try the food- and hopefully the cook will be around!
5	I wanted to try this place for a long time and went there on a Sunday for brunch with my girl friend. Initially was apprehensive to go in as the look of the building was bad. When I entered the people inside were very friendly and helpful. They have fruit salad, eggs, bottom less coffee and sweet crep for just 13.99. Can't get better deal than that
5	This place was surprisingly good! Got shot down from Coco Cafe...2 hr wait so this was plan B. It was busy and only one waitress yet service was still excellent. I had the Mona Style eggs with hot tea and it was delicious. Convenient location and inexpensive. Parking is only on street though and if it's not Sunday, it's not free.
2	I stopped in one day before work for some coffee because I've always seen it when I get off from work. Their coffee menu is not extensive so I ordered an iced mocha. I asked if they made cold drinks and they said they did. What was offered to me was disappointing. My cold drink was delivered in a double layered paper cup and there was too much ice in my drink so it became diluted too quickly. I will not be going back for the coffee.
5	We come here regularly and are never disappointed. Saturday mornings are very quiet... we never have to wait. Service is somewhat slow occasionally but it is so relaxed that it feels nice on a lazy morning. The prix fixe is a nice choice as it comes with coffee, which is hot and flavorful. The munion crepe is excellent as are the Mona eggs and the savory French toasts. We always enjoy our Saturday mornings when we can sit with our coffee and read books. We love caffe Mona!
4	picked this place for brunch based on brunch spots on yelp close to my boyfriend's apartment. he and i both enjoyed our meals - he got an omelet while i went for a peroghie crepe. the place is small so be ready to wait if they're busy but we were literally the only people there when we went.
4	Very nice brunch.  It's not the usual French toast and omelettes.  Not too much of a rush either.
3	Feel like the food and drinks are overpriced, the food is good, but for the amount and type of ingredients feel it's too pricey. Have had inconsistent service so can't really comment on it, once it was pretty good, the other two times I've been it felt like it was a bother to them to serve and there were only two other people inside.
4	I've stopped in Caffe Mona twice now for breakfast/brunch on a weekday (around 10-11:30a ish). The food is fantastic. A little pricey, but compared to nearby spots (cough cough - Coca Cafe), it's not too bad at all for a cute, independent boutique eatery. Both times I visited I got bagel sandwiches (delish), and the last time I visited there was a table behind me raving about pretty much every category on the menu - so I'm excited to stop back and try some more items. The only drawback to this place - the service. The food and atmosphere are definitely enough to keep me coming back, but the service is consistently... uncomfortable. Though we did get him to crack a smile once, the same gentleman was working the place (plus a cook) by himself both days I visited. I understand being frazzled when you have no help - but for a good period of time during our visit, we were the ONLY customers there. We were rushed to order, never checked on, never got refills on our coffee, etc. When we needed a condiment, we had to walk inside to ask the chef for it ourselves. Again, not the end of the world, but how can you be sooooo seemingly miserable when you work in one of the cutest cafes in the East End? The place is absolutely adorable. Anyhow - give it a try! It's definitely a little gem on Penn Ave.
1	I would not even give this one star. my experience was horrible! we went for lunch as soon as I entered the place the server  asked me "what can I do for you?" obviously I was not wondering in a park or lost some where. we were there to have food. This guy was rude from the beginning. it took him some time to come to our table. finally we ordered but it took more than half an hour before I went to ask how much more do we have to wait for the food. he replied rudely "how long has it been since you ordered ". And at that point I asked him that I would need to contact the owner of the place.  apparently the guy in the kitchen was the owner. he couldn't care less either and said it would be at least 10 more minutes if not longer. Made no effort to rectify or solve the issue. After we saw this 'take it or leave it 'attitude, we just left and went some where else. if you are looking for bad service and attitude this is the place to go. With other places next door that offer good food and excellent service, this place will close again! Apparently, this place had another name before. Either a new name or management.  Good luck buddy !
5	Best coffee in Pittsburgh. My favorite Barista sees me coming and has my steaming cup of "nectar of the Gods" waiting for me!  Way better than Starbucks. Awesome menu.
1	The owner is an asshole. I don't expect servers to coddle me, but some amount of welcome is appreciated. I've been here numerous times because my boyfriend lives very close by. Every time I've been in, the owner seems bewildered that I would want to sit and eat breakfast. Imagine! Breakfast at a cafe that serves breakfast! When I sit down, he continues to act as if I'm imposing on him, while I eat my (honestly, average) breakfast. Really not worth it. Today, he said there "might" be someone in to make breakfast at 8. I went to *Einstein's* for, and had a really comparable meal served by a human being who was perfectly nice to me. I genuinely hope Mona's goes out of business.
4	Solid breakfast / brunch spot. They have a decently  priced 3 course prix fix menu ($14) that includes "bottomless coffee". My food was good; first course was a large fruit plate that included pear, apples, raspberries, banana, and black berries. 2nd course consisted of a savory crepe (mushroom and onion) was was large and tasty. Last course was a strawberry preserve crepe which was my favorite of the dishes.My only complaints are that is was quite hot inside, and it felt a bit smoky from the close proximity to the kitchen.Give them a shot. No wait, and a lot of food for not too much money.
3	So, first things first - four stars for the food. It's great. I'm a native Pittsburgher and discovered this place on a visit this summer. They make a great quality brunch, and the mocha French toast is amazing. But the service would get two stars - and even that might be generous. Others have mentioned this, but the waitstaff at this restaurant is so profoundly unfriendly and unwelcoming that we began to wonder if we were on a hidden cam reality show. We walked in and the staff person (possibly the owner, based on comments - a middle aged man with glasses) literally stared and BLINKED at us until he finally said, "Breakfast?" Not, welcome....or hello...or anything like that. Our waitress in the summer was the same way. No words, no pleasantries, nothing. I don't need anyone to slop on fake pleasantries, but c'mon folks. A few basics, please!Seriously, we felt as if we were imposing on them by being there. As a native, I know we Pittsburghers can be no-nonsense, blunt, and to the point, but either this place is being run by a staff comprised solely of people who are living with Asperger's, or they're just plain rude and unfriendly.
