5	These dudes are amazing!!  Jerrod and Alexi is the man... I can't recommend this Honda repair shop enough.  I was treated with respect and integrity.  The pricing was honest, up front and the overall experience was leaps and bounds above any other mechanic I've ever visited.
5	These guys are really knowledgeable and have awesome quality control.  Ive been to both of their locations and was amazed on how clean their shops were. I personally have worked in the automotive industry for years and have never seen this level of professionalism.  From my experiences I have seen that their pricing is very reasonable and I get all of my service done here every time I am back in town.Make sure to check out their new larger location on Washburn & Losee.  It really proves that they are doing something right.
5	Hondoctors is an awesome place to receive great service even if you don't own a Honda or Acura. They won't provide cheap products or service. You definitely get what you pay for (which is always a reasonable price by the way).I feel comfortable coming to Hondoctors for problems I run into with my vehicle as well as with routine maintenance.I trust their expertise and love their customer service.I definitely recommend this shop.So if you're reading this, you obviously need help being pushed in the right direction.Go to Hondoctors on Losee and Washburn!!!!! They won't disappoint :)
5	The best Honda mechanic shop that I know in Vegas area.  They really know how to work on Hondas and they have pride in their workmanship.
5	Alright so i personal am a shade tree mechanic myself from way back and similar to the guys at Hondoctors built and drove Honda/Acuras for years. Not the lemme plug your car into this diagnostic system here and read what the computer tells me knowledge but more the lemme take a listen to what you got going on and i can probably tell you what is wrong kind of skills that comes with trial and error of countless fixes throughout the years. My car 2005 Acura RL was starting to come up with louder than usual ticking which can be a number of things, but experience would tell most at the mileage my car had etc, etc... that it was time for a valve job. I called and made the appointment with Hondoctors instead of doing it myself as valves are something i never really trusted myself with and with this car i want it to be perfect. Jared (stand up guy) scheduled me up to take a listen and upon arrival confirmed my thoughts of a valve job being the cause of the excessive noise. They didnt tell me something like a dealer would, like well that will be $120 to diagnose the problem for you even though we know exactly what it is and then we will proceed to take even more of your money and do the repairs. It was simple start the car up, 30 seconds of listening and yup pull it in lets get the work started, straight and to the point. A few hours later and my car was pulled back around and the job was completed, drove off and popped the hood when i arrived back at my office and the engine ran about 80% quieter than when i showed up at Hondoctors that morning. I have no clue why anybody would want to take their car to a dealer with mechanics like this in the area. They are sharp, know their stuff, and best of all reasonable for labor and costs involved on the services that they provide. The shop upon arrival might seem more of that of a high performance shop which is something that they do here and quite well also, but i suggest for those that are looking for the basis services as well such as your mileage interval services that are recommended by your dealer to look into pricing and the offerings here at Hondoctors. Im sure you will find plenty of benefits from these guys over a traditional dealer on top of the money savings involved... give them a look the next time you need something done.
5	Needed to get my 100k service done for my 3rd gen TL, and I'm so glad that I found this place.  Their quote was 40-50% less than all of the dealer quotes, and 30% less than this other "Honda specialist" in vegas.  After reading some other reviews, it seemed as if they really knew about Hondas/Acuras here. Well, turns out they do.  Jared went above and beyond in answering all of my maintenance questions, and they did a great job in changing out all my belts/water pump/ etc.  It was an all day job, and these guys even dropped me off & picked me up from the nearby Cannery Casino.  What great customer service!  Oh, also had a new front + side engine mount with me from a prior experience with a scammy/scummy shop owner last year (hint** rhymes with "Hondaphonics"; you can read my review about it) and they put em both in for me for $85 total.  The other place, as well as 3 more shops/dealerships, all quoted me over $200 (one place said $170 but when I got there they said over 200).  These guys know their stuff, and are legit. Their pricing feels more like what you'd pay your friend to work on a car for you, not a regular shop or dealer.  Difference is these guys are Honda/Acura experts.  If you are servicing your Honda/Acura, don't waste your time and $$$ anywhere else.  I'd slap you.  Seriously...
5	I brought my car here after the first place I brought it to didn't get the job done. Hondoctors were so knowledgable, told me exactly what they were doing, and didn't do any "extra" things to get money out of me. Great customer service, and reasonable prices. I will be using these guys to service my Honda from now on!
5	How many of you can say your car repairs are stress-free ? I CAN :DHondoctors is the only place I trust with my car. After quite a few 'bad experiences' at other dealerships and shops, it really is a relief to know that Alexei, Kris, & Jarrod will always take care of me. I know next-to-nothing about cars. But what I do know is that they'll be honest with me and tell me what needs to be done and what doesn't.EXPERTS: No one knows their Honda's like these guys. They're Honda / Acura specialists but they do major & minor services on Toyota, Scion, Subaru & Nissan too. I personally drive an 06' Scion xB (I HEART MY BOX!). I haven't had anything major done (knock on wood); but they did my 60k and some little stuff like brakes, oil changes, etc. All of which went flawlessly.CUSTOMER SERVICE: I've observed them interact with other customers; and if you have any questions on your services, they'll answer them for you. At this point, I have full 100% trust in the guys. If they say I need something done, I don't ask questions anymore. ...I probably wouldn't understand what they told me anyway! ha. PRICING: Reasonable. I'm not complaining. Quality of goods & services is worth what they charge.LOCATION: Up in North Las Vegas. I live in the Nevada Trails area. Yes, I drive 20 miles to get to my mechanic.WAITING ROOM: They have a private waiting room equipped with chairs, a couch, cable TV, and a water dispenser. Wi-Fi too if you need the internet.Knock on wood nothing goes wrong with the xBox.... but if something comes up, you know where I'm taking it!Don't forget to mention I sent you! :)
5	Great work, friendly staff, VERY professional. More than I can say for any other place I have had work on my honda, even the dealership. I left feeling very confident with the work and the price I paid. 10/10
5	Hondoctors are awesome, they worked on my car never tried to Rip me off like other mechanics, you can trust them good people there!
5	I been coming to this shop even before this new location for years and they have been my one and only shop i have been able to trusth w my car and my money. Jared has been awesome giving me tips and advices i will keep coming to this shop for as long as i can even if i dont have a honda because they now work on all cars now. Thanks guy
5	My thermostat went TU full closed, causing my Integra to heat up in 100+ heat of July. I tried replacing it myself, but couldn't get to it with the tools that I had. I gave up after an hour. I called Hondoctors and Jarrod gave me the best explanation of what it takes to replace it and best bang for the buck.During the drive over, I had to pull over on I-15 to let it cool. I even called AAA for a tow truck, but it never came. So I made a series of stops to let the engine cool every mile or so, but finally made it to Hondoctors. It's in an industrial park.Jarrod did a cooling diagnostic and verified that it was the thermostat before just throwing parts at it. The waiting room seats about 7, has a TV with DVDs, plenty of auto magazines and Maxims, free Wifi, and a water cooler. Can't really walk to food since it's in a business park, but it's about 2 signal lights away. Jarrod said it was fixed and even tested it to make sure it'd pass smog (which was due the next day). Awesome! Jarrod also explained some of the coming-attractions he foresaw with the car. As my car was overheating on the way, I thought maybe I should've just taken it somewhere closer to the house to prevent further damage and heat stroke on I-15, but I was glad I brought it here. Even though it's kinda far from my house, my Integra will be coming here for future repairs.
5	if you have a honda or acura and need service, this is the place to go.  jarrod, alexei, and their staff were great.  very knowledgeable and fair.  my civic is running way better than before.  definitely recommend!!!
5	great service. super fast :)
5	"The bitterness of low quality remains long after the sweetness of a low price is forgotten".....I have been going to these guys for years now and would never trust my vehicles to anyone else, they work on all japanese and american cars.
5	I first took my car to Honda West and they told me I needed a new transmission. It was hard to believe because my car had been running perfectly fine until that day. They wanted $5,000, and I had a bad feeling at this place. I then did some research and came across Hondoctors. I would definitely recommend them! Jarrod (owner, I believe) was able to get me in that day and fix the problem, that day. He said my transmission was fine. He was able to find a small transmission leak and he was able to tighten that up. Next, he did a transmission flush. After that, he sent me on the road and my car runs great! Overall, I spent around $200 and I was very glad I did not listen to Honda West. I wish there were more auto shops like Hondoctors. They are very honest & reliable.
5	Moving to a new side of town...means the dreaded search for a reliable auto shop...the scam artists are out and about and I'm always leery!  With that said, I hit the jackpot with the Hondoctors.  I worked with Jared regarding a noise my car was making.  One part was replaced, but there was still a residual noise....this is when my suspicions kicked into high gear.  BUT with that said, instead of telling me to pay for additional repairs and leaving it at that, he asked me to drop my car off again so he could take another look and he spent additional time figuring out if there could be any other cause of the noise.  Also, given that my car is older and the repair would cost quite a bit to possibly get rid of the noise....  He was very honest, he couldn't guarantee 100% that the noise would go but also indicated that it wasn't a dire repair.  Oh and he didn't charge me an additional fee for diagnostic testing since they had already done a repair.  I'm not sure if they have the cheapest prices, but I think honesty and morals goes a long way! I would definitely recommend this garage to anyone looking for an honest opinion.  They specialize in Hondas, but they service Toyotas, Scions, etc...
5	Hondoctors has been an excellent place to have my Acura and Honda automobiles serviced.  Alexei and Jarrod are very courteous and knowledgeable, they are intently focused on providing quality service, and clearly know the technology and mechanics of Acura and Honda automobiles.  I highly recommend Hondoctors based on my experiences.
5	We have been going to Hondoctors for about a year now, usually just for oil changes, we most recently had a 30,000 mile tune up.  It was a pleasure doing business with them.  They hands down have the best prices in town.  Over 200 dollar difference compared to the dealership!!  We also had some of the best service in town as well.  Quick to get the car in the shop and a quick turn around.  We will definitely be doing business w/ them in the future and will recommend to friends.
1	went here to get my 05 scion tc diagnosed and they told me its 95 bucks. the diagnostics they gave me was something i couldve found out at autozone for free. everything they told me i already knew. the guy at the desk said i didnt mention that but i put it in the comments section when i did an appointment online. after they stole my 95 bucks they said to continue the diagnostics it was gonna be an additional 230 BUCKS! BULLSH*T!!! i took my business elsewhere where they only charged me $50 to diagnose and didnt try to charge me more to further diagnose the car, and they also didnt charge me the $50 diagnostic fee since i wanted them to do the work to my car. most of these "good" reviews on here are simple oil changes. they probably write the reviews on here themselves. even the shop i took it to said why would i bring my car to hondoctors, theyre a bunch of thieves.
1	Like i said. All that was checked out before i came in. And i stated that when i scheduled the appointment. The car is fixed now and i was not charged an absurd diagnostics fee. Thanks for wasting my time and money.
5	I don't know much about cars but,I had a problem with my car at 16:30, they were able to fix my car the same day, for a reasonable 75 dollars.the representative was very kind and there wait room was nice.
5	These guys are honest, I have had multiple things done by them on my integra. Good clean shop they know honda/ acura well no issues with them. They have fair prices and did a good job on installing my coilovers.
5	I've been coming to Hondoctors for several years now & I have never had a bad experience. A very friendly & knowledgeable staff. They will not try to hassle you on trying to fix something that doesn't need fixing like other establishments. I totally recommend this place if you like trustworthy service.
5	For additional context to my review, Hondoctors has provided a wide variety of services to my car - including oil changes (where they use high quality OEM parts and oil (both semi-synthetic and full synthetic as specified by the manufacturer - unlike many other mechanics and oil change places that use the same oil for cars that require different spec oil), spark plug replacements, timing belt, tensioner and water pump replacements, used car pre-purchase inspection (including leak down test) and other items - all services were provided with excellent quality and professionalism, with OEM high quality parts, fluids, etc...  Any reviews noted that the high quality satisfaction with Hondoctor's service is based on simple commodity services like oil changes only and not more complex maintenance, diagnostic and repair services, are simply false or misinformed.
5	Finding a quality, honest mechanic, especially in Las Vegas, can be very tricky if you aren't careful. I once made the mistake of taking my car to a Purfect Auto. Whatever you do- Do not ever- every- every make that mistake. Despite that, I think I've finally found an honest, dependable mechanic in Las Vegas and their name is Hondoctors! I took my CRV in a couple weeks ago for two reasons. 1. I had a messed up exhaust pipe that was making noise from being rear ended a couple of months back.2. I was smelling a fuel leak from somewhere. They were honest about the fuel leak (as all mechanics should be, but far too many in Las Vegas aren't) and they informed me it was a super simple fix. When I had Terribles (who seem pretty honest- but apparently made a mistake) put a new fuel filter on a few weeks back and they apparently didn't tighten it up enough, so all that was required from Hondoctors was a quick turn of a screw/bolt. Hondoctors didn't charge me for that, and if they were like a lot of Vegas mechanics, they could have claimed I needed a whole new fuel line or something and charged me a bundle. Next, the exhaust system. It wasn't cheap, but it was fair, and to my pleasant surprise, they were able to order the part from California and have it installed before lunch the following day that I brought it in.  And finally, another thing I respected about Hondoctors is that I overheard them referring someone over the phone to another mechanic because they felt they would be better off with someone that worked with that particular clients car. They obviously specialize in Japanese cars, and instead of just taking someones money for their German car (I think it was German at least), they did what they felt was best for the client and referred them to another mechanic. I know finding a dependable and honest mechanic can be a real headache, so I'm hope this review helps you make a smart decision.
5	Recently, in October of 2013 I took my 93 Honda Del Sol Si to Hondoctors for the second time. This time however, I was getting major work done on my car. Alexi and Jarrod were very upfront, personable, knowledgeable and honest through the entire process. Communication with the guys was outstanding. They made an effort to email us to give an update about the new motor shipment (even taking photographs of its arrival for us). During the motor install everything was explained to us on location and as they ran into broken parts and areas of concern Jarrod and Alexi both made sure to contact me to go over any and all charges and insured me the car would be up and running in no time. On the third day, I received my phone call informing me that my car was ready to be picked up. The new motor looked flawless and sounded even better. Hondoctors installed new axels, motor mounts, transmission, clutch kit, new motor and fixed a handful of issues with my car. I can not compliment their service, ethics and overall interaction enough, they simply are amazing. Hondoctors will be the only shop that works on my car ever! Thank you Alexi and Jarrod for all your hard work and for making my baby run better than it ever has!!! If anyone in Las Vegas is looking for an honest shop that knows what they are doing without any guesses or concerns, I highly recommend you take your car to Hondoctors as they will be recommended to everyone I know!!! - Heather
5	By far the best mechanic shop I ever dealt with. Once I found this place they became my exclusive mechanic for working on my 05 Honda Civic Si. Always had great service and never tried to rip me off. Sadly I have moved to San Diego and really wish they had one here. Their prices are good, they're not cheap by any means but they also don't do cheap work either. Never had any issues with them and highly recommend them to anyone who has a Honda.
5	We had worked on our car for months! After fixing what we thought was wrong it was still not working, we finally gave up and started looking for a mechanic. We were lucky enough to find Hondoctors. They took the car in the same day we called them and was fixed next day! They kept us updated and were very friendly. My car has officially found it's new "Doctor"!
5	This is the only place I bring my GS-R in Vegas when I have any issues. Alexi and Jarrod are great mechanics and are very knowledgeable. They use nothing but the best parts and are always up front and honest. I would not trust bringing my car anywhere but there. These guys put there 100% into every car there and treat the cars as there own, and give the best customer service.
5	Honest, affordable, practical, experienced specialists, and genuinely car caring are how I would describe the Hondoctors. I'm a military member who has been stationed in nine locations in 22 years, and in all those years the hardest thing to find is an honest mechanic. The Hondoctors, particularly Jared, had to replace my Toyota Celica's catalytic converter (an expensive part). Although it took three hours to replace, they only charged me for one hour since that is what the amount of time they guesstimated it would take. There are always complications and unforeseen obstacles when fixing cars and I know most mechanics would have no problem over charging. Jared stood by his word and I truly respect his generous decision. By watching his interactions with other customers I believe Jared and his team operate with caring professionalism on a daily basis. Something else I found rare was that the waiting room was clean, comfortable, had wifi, magazines, and TV with movies. The mechanic team was also easy-going and friendly. I will only be coming to Hondoctors for all my automotive needs.Rick
1	I have a higher mileage 2004 Acura TL that I need work on.   The vehicle has been to the Acura dealer for diagnosis and they gave me a list of repairs, because I have owned several Acuras in the past and have a great relationship with a factory parts dealer who sells parts for cost, I purchased the $1000+ of parts.  I stopped into Hondoctors on E. Washburn to get a quote on the labor for the repairs.  I was informed that the only way they would do the repairs is if I purchased the parts from them.  I feel at this point they are more concerned about the mark-up on parts as opposed to the hourly labor rate I am more than happy to pay.   If they have so much business they are willing to turn away mine over a 20% parts mark-up, I will not be going back.
5	Went in for an oil change and to get my car inspected for my rebuilt title. Jarrod and alexi were verry professional and honest and polite. This is the only shop i trust to work on my car for ANY maintainance. These guys know what theyre doing.
4	Services that i've experienced were excellent. They're honest about your car's needed repair and maintenance. I haven't been shortchanged whatsoever by their service. Highly recommended for honda maintenance and repair needs.
5	I had a valve job done on my 96 Acura 2.5tl w/175k miles.  These guys did a great job plus they were half the price of the dealer. I was charged exactly what I was quoted over the phone and they finished even faster than I imagined. Even my brother in law who does mechanic work on the side said they did a good job (and he very rarely gives LV mechanics compliments.) Jared was really friendly and took the time to explain everything he saw with the car to me, plus there was no up selling for any other unnecessary work. Honest work for a reasonable price. When it comes to japanese cares especially Honda/Acura these guys are top notch.  I would bring my car back again.
5	Some of the most genuine guys. Absolutely honest with you and keep you updated as much as possible. Came in for a new motor. YEAH get that..a new motor. Such a hassle especially the price. Surprisingly it was easy. they got me towed there no problem and the price of everything was very reasonable. Was very happy with the car and the car runs better than ever. feels like im driving a 2014 car but its only a 98. Definitely going to turn to these guys for my honda health. their name literally says it all.
5	Recently moved to North LV from CA and live right around the corner from this place. It's always tough to come across true hard-working, dedicated, and passionate mechanics you can trust. But these guys are nothing short of that. I drive a '13 Mazdaspeed3 and although they may not specialize in Mazdas, I do bring my car here for routine maintenance like oil change and tire rotation. Quick and easy setting up an appointment. Fast service and great work. Hopefully they specialize in Mazdas someday in case I need them for something other than routine maintenance.
5	Great honest place. Extremely nice and honest staff, especially Jarrod. Took my car there multiple times and had a great experience every time. Would definitely recommend Hondoctors to any honda/Acura drivers.
5	HONEST. RELIABLE. CARING!!!!! Hands down this is the ONLY place I come to when I need automotive replacements and repairs!!! I just changed by spark plugs and tightened my belt. Great service with great prices!! Recommend Hondoctors!!!!!
5	Wife's Honda Pilot was overdue for a timing belt, and of course I decided we should have it replaced just before we left for a long roadtrip... These guys got me in the next day, used genuine Honda parts, charged a very fair price, and finished the same day as promised. Top notch guys who are honest, knowledgeable, and thorough, I only wish they were located closer to my home. Nonetheless, it's worth the drive!
5	These guys know Hondas.  They are honest and reliable, which is something that is hard to find in this business.  I had my 2004 CR-V in for a failed A/C system.  It was a very costly job to repair and I am confident that Hondoctors gave me the best deal possible to do the job.  I dealt mostly with Jarrod, who is just delightful and helped to make a bad situation a little better.   I will take my Honda nowhere else.
5	I came in to get my transmission oil change and have a diagnostics done on my car. The man at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. My oil was changed in no time and they printed out a list of the repair work and prices for me that needed to be done on the car. I definitely recommend this place for Hondas. They are tucked away so you might not find them right away. I highly recommend this place!
5	I've been taking my Lexus to the Hondoctors since I bought the car. They do great work at a great price. They never bs me with a bunch of maintenance I don't need, unlike other mechanics in the area. I highly recommend them. They want their customers to leave happy in safe and reliable vehicles. So far I've experienced nothing but the best from them. Thanks hondoctors!
5	I don't know shiiiet about cars. But these guys DO! And they are niiiice and sooo friendly and knowledgeable! Finding an honest mechanic is difficult especially for me being a female not knowing shiet! These guys are fantastic tho. No need to worry about getting ripped off or sold shit you don't need. Let them take care of all your car maintenance needs!
5	Had problems with the Check Engine Light, EGR Code P0104 I think. After 2 months of trying to pinpoint and fix the problem through personal means I was referred to Hondoctors. Jarrod was able to diagnose the issue and fix it (incorrect air intake manifold gasket). The estimate was fairly priced and upheld at the end of repair. These guys are friendly, honest, and helpful. They DON'T try to GYP or INTIMIDATE you like some of the other auto shops out there. CEL turned off and I passed my smog. If youve got issues with your car, take your business to HONDOCTORS. They deserve it!
5	These guys are awesome! They stayed open late for us on Christmas Eve and saved our day!
5	Before I decided to go to Hondoctors I read the wonderful reviews on here. It's been hard for me to find a mechanic not only to trust but who actually know what they are doing. My poor car has been brought through the ringer since I moved here last year from the corporate shops around where I live. So I decided to come here based on the reviews and was completely satisfied, my car is back to it's normal self thanks to Hondoctors. The shop is a bit hard to find but I suggest making sure you search for it, you will be very pleased!They are honest, and they explain everything that is being done to your car, they also had it done in record time. Looks like I have found my new mechanic!
5	The best of the best - I will not take my car anywhere else.  Alexei and his team are rock stars.  They tell you what work you need done, no more and no less, and they do a top-notch job for a great price.I found them when I needed a brake job a year ago.  I was sick and tired of brake shops showing me a caliper, and claiming that I needed to spend $1k or more on brakes.  I needed someone who I could trust, who would tell me which parts truly needed replacing and which did not.  Alexei's team did a great job.This week, Alexei and his team did an awesome job finding and identifying the source of a weird clicking noise in my car.  When they heard the noise, they immediately knew it was coming from the heating/cooling system.  They only charged me for 1/2 hour of labor to find the problem, even though I'm pretty sure it took the mechanic 1-2 hours to isolate exactly which part was the problem.  Whereas another mechanic might have guessed, replaced one part, and hoped it would fix the problem, Hondoctors takes the time to isolate the problem, and explain it to the customer, so that you are comfortable with their diagnosis.They also have a very nice waiting room with a desk and great wifi - I can comfortably work remotely from here.  This is an awesome perk which is definitely not available at most auto shops.Keep up the great work guys!
