4	I couldn't believe it but I was the ONLY customer here on a Monday night around 11pm.  WTF?!  Well, the burger was good just as it always is.  This place just was too clinical.  I think maybe now that the woman who founded INO has passed away and the daughter or granddaughter who took control is now expanding it too fast.  oh well...
5	This isn't so much an In n Out review, which I will touch on, but more of an update to a previous Simonmed review (based on an MRI I required). I don't know what MRI stands for but I'm sure it's not something positive or cheerful like Monkey Reads Incyclopedia....Ok Ok...I know it's not spelled correctly...I mean, who really knows how to spell monkey. What I'm saying is that I had GREAT results from my MRI (which I've reviewed along with Dr. Fry who delivered the relieving and wonderful news) and the first "naughty" reward I thought of was an In N Out burger. I discovered and devoured them in LA for 16 years and in Phoenix they are more difficult to find. Thank you intersection of FLW and Scottsdale Blvd (further know as ScottsBull). After leaving Dr. Fry's Airpark Medical Center in NoScott with good news I needed something toxic....nicotine, alchohol, perhaps something illegal or, oh, red meat....that's still legal, I think. Burger was amazing. Bun was soft and crisp and buttery where needed, lettuce, tomato an onion were crispier than a November wind blowing off Lake Michigan (pre greenhouse effect) and the accompanying soda hit the spot. Truly, with that 1,000 island sauce action, this was my fast food heaven. And, I forgot how much I LOVE Amercian cheese. Fast food service was impeccible. Clean grounds. And better yet, the cyst on my kidney was A OK....ooo what a subtle ending! Thanks to those yelpers who voiced, er, umm typed their concerns!
5	As an Oregonian, I had yet to experience the wonder of In-N-Out Burger until 2 weeks ago, when I went down there for the classic car auctions. Let me tell you, the food was worthy of the hype it gets. Now I know I might get killed for saying this, but I got mine without the sauce. I'm not a big mayo or secret sauce fan, so there. But, I did get one animal style, and it was amazing. One key to the great taste is they grill their buns. Another is that their menu is simple, and they don't deviate from the best tasting menu items. The only problem I have with this place is their T-Shirts. They have a Barracuda on it with a 389 emblem on it. WTF is that about!? That made me mad, because no Barracuda has a 389 in it, let alone an emblem on the side. Minor gripe, and not enough to take it down a point. Definitely check this place out if you are in AZ. It is everything it was built up to be.
4	After hiking the Lost Dog Trail in the McDowells (green & healthy  but not many wild flowers yet) I decided a burger and fries sounded good.  Five bucks even for a hot burger, hot fries and cold shake is a good deal plus it all tasted good.  Crowded but just as quick and good as in Southern CA.
5	What can I say.... There is nothing better than a Double Double with grilled onions and fries.
2	Being a So Cal native, I never saw what the big deal is with this place for out of tonwners! Its OK, its a big, sloppy burger. And, its fast food. OK... Big deal. Their french fries suck, they are mushy and crisp. They have a very limited menu, which I guess is sort of the appeal. There are much better burgers in town and I don't think this place is any good at all.
3	Cabbed it from our hotel so I could give it a shot before my flight back to Chicago and I'm quite happy I did. I went with the Double Double and while it certainly wasn't the healthiest thing I've ever eaten, it was pretty awesome and I'll probably hit it up next time I'm in town. I still need a shirt, anyway.
5	This is the Best fast food burger anyWhere to be found, BETTER THAN FIVE GUYS and RAY'S HELL BURGER HANDS DOWN.  IT IS FLAVORFUL AND DELICIOUS, NOT GREASY AND NOT OVERPRICED!  THE BUN IS GOOD AND THE CONDIMENTS ARE GREAT TOO!  The other thing is the polite and courteous staff, the place is immaculate too!  I wish they'd coem out East!
1	I don't get it.  Seriously?  People *seriously* like this place?  It's like McDonald's or Wendy's, but with only 3 things to choose from on the menu!If you have the time go The Original Hamburger Works and sit in comfort and have a real burger.
5	I know it's a chain but I can't help but love it. Went here for a quick Father's Day drive through bite with the kids.The first big thing about In-N-Out that I've always loved is that they actually listen and speak with you when you're at the drive through.  They do their greeting and then actually respond to what you say. They're actually listening and interacting. How cool is that for a drive through? I've seen that from time to time at individual locations of other chains but it's pretty much standard here.  Love that.Then I also love the fact that they're pretty transparent. It's quite cool that they have the big window walls all through the drive through so you can actually see what's going on. I love the fact that they want you to see what they're doing and what the kitchen looks like. It's also way better than looking at a cement wall.I also love that the food is made to order (no tomatoes, yes onions) every time. And I love the fact that they use quality ingredients (fresh vegetables, fries being just potatoes run through the slicer, fresh ground beef, etc.).Then I love the fact that they give you a box if you're going to eat in your car and also that they cover your fries with a napkin. Just little touches like that show that someone actually was a bit into what they were doing when they set this business up.And then, I just love the payoff of the double double and the fresh cut fries. For a quick drive through, can't beat it.
4	Great as always.  We were in Scottsdale for a long weekend and this was our best meal!  In-n-out loses one star for me because their fries are not crispy, even if we order them well done.  Other than that, fantastic.
5	Animal Style? Squeeze me? I've been chowing down In N Out burgers for more than two decades. Yep. When Courtney had a Hole. And Friends was refreshing and not annoying. And Presidents received oral sex in the oval office. Yes, that long! But I didn't know about Animal Style on my double double...extra "special sauce", grilled onions, pickles all fried up in mustard on a flat girl. Um. I mean flat grill. Animal Style? Yep. I would seriously get down on all fours for this baby!
4	I do not eat fast food.  i do eat at in-n-out.  mmmm double double animal style
5	Double Double animal style with Fries well done... That is all I need. And they're open until 1am weeknights and 1:30 on Friday and Saturday.
3	After just finishing my 5th burger since moving out here, I must say that although I do enjoy In-N-Out, I really do miss my Five Guys burgers that I used to get back in Alexandria, VA. I mean don't get me wrong, In-N-Out does the trick when you want something other than Mickey D's, BK, or Wendy's but I do wish they had more toppings to choose from. I mean I like their "secret" menu, however the fries are never crispy enough for me even when I get them well done and why do the seem to get cold almost as soon as you get them. That is the oddest thing to me. Why do I continue to go back one might wonder, well for starters I have a gift certificate that someone gave to me and we get free burger certificates from time to time here at work. Hello, I am not going to pass up free or prepaid meals. That would be just plain ridiculous LOL!
4	I MISS you In-N-Out!!!!!!!!!!!!!So good! Best burger ever!  & they are open lateI love how their are only 3 choices. I love the double double animal style with grilled onions, & extra lettuce, extra cheese and extra sauce.... OMG :)  I'm sure it's not healthy, but if you don't go often... then why not !!!!The meat, grilled onions, and toasted buns are done fresh right in front of you & their shakes are yummy too. The animal style fries are a must have (but not on the menu... you have to have insider knowledge ;) The protein burger is not on the menu either but it was ranked on of the best burger in the country by MSN if your watching your calories... ( it is basically everything wrapped inside crispy lettuce leaves.  It is really good too, you don't even miss the bun. The franchise needs to expand to more states!
4	I went here today and IT WASNT FREEZING COLD inside like it usually is. It's a Christmas miracle!
5	Get. In. Mah. Belly! Oh where to begin the ode to In and Out? How about the fact that the meat is fresh and the french fries are freshly cut? Oh, I missed you In and Out! And all the veggies are fresh too? AND the milkshakes are just flat out delish? Be prepared for many people to share your space, as most likely they share the desire for these delicious burgers. For the same reason, there is usually a line. What is nice about all of this, is the fact that even though it is super busy, the service is still great! People are friendly, and the food is still fresh when you get it. If you're looking for Chicken or Tofu, this is not the place. And if you don't feel like going inside, consider the drive through. As you are patiently waiting, there is a massive window allowing you a front row view into the kitchen. Makes me feel a bit like a stalker, but surprisingly entertaining. You will feel as though you are waiting for your last meal on earth...but then again, it may as well be.
1	fries came old.  burger wasn't that good.  and the shakes were half filled and no taste (vanilla and chocolate).  pass.
4	Simplicity is the key to enjoying this place.  Take a look at the menu.  There's only 5 things you can order.... hamburgers, cheeseburgers, fries, soda and shakes.  That's it.  Nothing much to think about here.    Unlike other fast food joints, they have no chicken, no patty melts, no tacos, no nuggets, no chili, no kids meals, no breakfast, no onion rings, no egg sandwiches, no cookies, no bacon, no curly fries, no coffee, no orange juice, no sliders, no rib sandwiches, no pork products, no ice cream cones, no parfaits, no burritos, no salads, no dollar menu, no value menu and no cherry turnovers.I think this burger is a winner.  I love a good cheeseburger, but when I go to In and Out I order my double burger with no cheese.  It tastes so good it doesn't need the cheese.  But I do recommend the grilled onions.  That is the way to go... grilled onions.  Does Burger King offer grilled onions?  I seriously doubt it.  Would you want to eat grilled onions from Burger King?  Think about your response carefully before answering.The fries are sliced right there from a real potato.  A REAL POTATO.  Like the brown thing that you see at the grocery store.  When I see a McDonalds or Jack in the Box truck driving around town I imagine inside that truck is a lot of frozen food.  I gotta figure that the fries are frozen in a bag.  But at In and Out Burger, I can see the guy slicing up the REAL POTATOES.
3	I've been reading about "In-N- Out" for the last ten years.  It seems every time I read a novel, people in it are stopping at the local In-N-Out for hamburgers.  When I saw they had one in Scottsdale, I just had to stop and see if what it was all about.  Even though I don't usually eat hamburgers, this was a chance I couldn't pass up.I went in to the restaurant so I could savor the whole atmosphere.  It was quite different from McD's but in a very pleasant way.  It could just be the location, but there was a wide mix of people, from women who had obviously been shopping, to soccer families,  to workers who were taking a break. The interior was clean, and the help was very friendly, even with the customer that had a finicky complaint.There is little choice on the menu, so I sampled the cheeseburger, fries and a shake.  It was great.  A step above BK, McD's, and even Carl's -  I understand that they use fresh ingredients, and maybe that is the difference. But I do know that I like the food better than other fast food burger places.Again, I do not eat hamburgers all that often, but if I do have a craving in the future for one, I, too, will head to In-N-Out.
4	What can you say about In-N-Out that hadn't been said before?  Nothing!  Just go, eat, enjoy; animal sytle or not - just go!
4	You can't go wrong with a double-double and animal fries.  Good quick tasty burger for a reasonable price.  This specific location was clean, with polite staff and in what seemed to be a relatively central location in Scottsdale.  First class.
4	Never come here at the stroke of noon...unless you like to wait in line! Nothing makes the afternoon like consuming a Double Double Animal Style...and since I do the "low carb" thing... I get it "protein style" (wrapped in lettuce, sans bun).
4	This is probably the best drive-thru burger you can get anywhere. I usually hit IN-N-OUT when I'm in a rush and really hungry. Note: this location has a BRUTAL drive-thru line at peak mealtimes.
4	Ahhh, animal style fries. How I've missed you so.This wasn't the best In-N-Out Burger I've been to, mainly because of the lack of cleaniness of the seating and flooring, but it was still pretty damn good. Keep in mind the secret menu to make your order unique and the envy of the person behind you.I arrived at 11 PM, which was perfect since there wasn't a line in site. The next day, I arrived at lunch and was overwhelmed with mobs of hormone-induced teenagers waiting to devour every cow and potato in sight. So, make sure you arrive a little early or a little later for meal times. Regardless, it is well worth the wait.
4	Paid a visit to this In-n-Out when I had a craving for a burger. Don't ask why. I was REAAAALLY hungry. Yikes. So, for my one horrible unhealthy meal for the week, I chose this.Cheeseburger. Animal Style. Toast. Fries. Diet Coke (Since I'm watching my figure). It was effing delicious. I did the drive through thing. I waited the customary five minutes, but everything came out FRESH to order, especially the fries. No salt on the fries, which is how I like it. I can salt them as I see fit. Also, everything was packaged just the way I like it.In-N-Out....you are what a hamburger is all about.
4	I got  to give In-N-Out Burger some love. I've been wrestling with a rating on this place for a long time. It's definitely a WIN when you can feed two hungry college aged boys and yours truly for under $15 bucks with some delicious food. They always get your orders right, keep the place clean and are UBER Friendly with fresh delicious burgers. No wonder this place is always mobbed well past the traditional lunch hours with families. Keep up the good work IN-N Out Burger!
3	This place is a bit of a guilty pleasure for me. I almost always end up getting a Double Double animal style with fries and a root beer. Nice and simple. I call this lunch "heart attack in a bag," as it's about the most unhealthy thing I will consume for lunch. It is, however, very tasty and always fills (or even overfills) me.Now all praise aside, I would have given a higher rating, except that this place is a little inconsistent. I've gotten a few burgers which were absolutely falling apart; the bun was only halfway covering the innards. I've gotten some pretty soggy fries. And one time they apparently didn't understand that I wasn't eating in my car. Even after I told three people. Granted, I still ate the food. And it was still tasty. It was just rather annoying. Not like I'm paying for top notch service here though!
5	Nothing beats a #1 with grilled onions, no tomatoes, well done french fries and a pink lemonade. I've been known to eat here twice to three times a week and find absolutely nothing wrong with that.There's magic in those delicious burgers, just one bite and you are instantly transported to a world of savory goodness unmatched anywhere else on this little blue marble we call Earth.
5	The best burger I've ever had. I went to In and Out in AZ and in Vegas, and both were equally delicious. In and Out just can't be beat. Animal style is the way to go! INCREDIBLE.
4	What can I say that hasn't already been said about In-N-Out Burger? Probably nothing.I ate here knowing it was going to be my last gluten and dairy inclusive meal for a very long time, so I totally splurged, ordering a burger animal style (minus the cheese), fries, and a strawberry milkshake.The burger was awesome.  You can get it protein style, wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun, and that's probably what I'll get the next time I'm in town.  The fried onions and the special sauce, as well as the obvious freshness of all the ingredients, proved In-N-Out to be worth the hype and well above Five Guys.The strawberry milkshake was grand.  The fries were eh.  I'm told they are usually made to order, but I am pretty sure I didn't get a fresh batch.  They were good in that they weren't too salty, but they could have been hotter and crisper, for sure.  In short, animal style, animal style, animal style.  I see now why people are obsessed with this place.  I can't think of a better hangover cure.
4	Animal Style makes it worth it.
5	Best Restaurant EVER.
5	Simply the best fast food chain...period.  The food is always delicious and consistent, and the customer service is outdone by no one.  The Double Double is absolute perfection.
4	Best hamburgers around. We never miss I&O whenever we are out west, They are an inhale-able addiction without the legal ramifications of cocaine. yum yum yumThey really have it down. Service is always great. And the fries, oh my.
4	Good food.  Friendly service and always neat and clean.
4	This place is solid.  The burgers and fries taste fresh and I never feel gross after eating it unlike BK and Wendys (not that I don't love them too unfortunately).  It's simple and has its own language.  If you haven't tried it yet, ask for the burger or fries (or both) animal style.Great shakes!
4	Animal. Style. I see you baby, slathering my cheeseburger with special sauce and pickles and onions. And oh God, is that mustard in the burger? How dare you! To think I would ruin such an amazing creation with a tomato or lettuce. No such healthy stuff here. Puh-lease. Oh and the way I pour that Root Beer. Oooh baby, that's it. So refreshing. Why do I make your fries so limp, baby? If I could change one thing about you, sugar, just crisp up those fries... For me? We don't have to fight, just hand me that stack o napkins and everything will be all right. You know I love you.Animal style.
5	Simply the best. It was first time ever eating In-N-Out and I was not upset one bit! I had the double cheeseburger with fries animal style. The animal style fries were out of this world and lived up to all of my expectations. Even though this place was packed the customer service was still amazing and I'll be back next year for my annual visit!
5	I grew up eating at In-N-Out in California, and then I moved to the East Coast.  I miss this place, and go whenever I travel.  I keep things simple--plain hamburger and fries.  I also love their shakes.  Please come to NY.  Please?
5	Still the best and always will be.  burgers are carfully made and are the way it should be made. the milk shakes are heavenly and are the best around.  fries are also unbeatable.  this is "fast food' heaven.  if your on the west coast you cant pass up In-N-Out!
5	One of the best things about living in the Southeast is In-N-Out.  Don't take it for granted as I did.  I know live in Washington and glut on In-N-Out every time I am near.
5	Yes I did it 5 Stars for a burger joint and without a bit of guilt.  This place rocks my wife makes me drive from our home on Shea and 130th Street to this location thats like 10 miles one way just for a burger.  Sometimes its fricken late as hell but I always deliver so I can get mine to if ya know what I mean.  Monster Style heck any style here is simply fantastic.  I love how they let you see into the kitchen.  Nothing to hide here not like the other joints.  This place is the pinnacle of clean from the parking lot to the kitchen.  The burgers are fresh the fries fresh cut right before your eyes.  In and Out is the best at what they do make delicious burgers and sell them to you at a price that makes you smile.  Get one, two maybe three its all good.  They are rapidly expanding and for good reason.  Please read this review and build one across the street from me.  Im sure that the Mayo Clinic will give you the land for free and Im sure I'll have to visit the Mayo in a couple months to have my arteries cleared so I can eat more of your delicious burgers.  Simply Fantastic.  A must on anyones Bucket List.
1	Boy I gotta tell ya - what a HUGE disappointment this place was. I've been dieting for the last 5 months and have finally reached my goal - and then some, so I decided to treat myself (good behavior) and have some fast food. At first I thought Wendy's until I saw that famous In-N-Out sign and pulled right in. The service was impeccable, the food? Not so much. I ordered the single cheeseburger with fries and a root beer. The bun on my burger was greasier than the burger itself - I could barely hold on to it! The fries  -  although hot  -  we're as dry as cardboard and actually tasted like cardboard...even my root beer was weak - how the heck can you screw up a root beer?!?! Five months of hard work and my reward completely and totally sucked. Thanks...I really should have gone to Wendy's - well, next time!
5	I travel to Scottsdale once or twice a year, and whenever I'm there, a burger (or two) at In-N-Out is a MUST!In the car ride over I can honestly feel the butterflies in my stomach. A nervous-excitedness comes over me like I'm seeing my boyfriend for the first time after a long vacation or something. Will the burger still have the same greasy burger perfected deliciousness with just the right amount of sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheese and buttery toasted bun? Yes and yes.(insert When Harry Met Sally scene...you know the one)Shame on me for being an out-of-towner though, as I have just discovered their 'secret menu'! Animal style, protein style - don't know what that means? Just order it anyways because it's going to be amazing! OH and they have 7-UP as a fountain soda choice! Where else is that possible?!In-N-Out always manages to knock my socks off. Everything is fresh, and the service surpasses that of fast food.  They have perfected the classic burger and fries combo. So...when's the next flight out?
4	Great french fries, you can taste the freshness. The burger was really good, I think the bun was toasted. Next time i'll order the double cheeseburger. The regular patty was a little skimpy but still good.
5	I ordered the double on my last visit and OMG, seriously, OMG! I can't wait to go back.
4	This In-N-Out is set up just like every other In-N-Out. Walk in and there are you face the counter topped with three cash registered. As you walk forward, the restrooms will be on your right (with the men's on the left and women's on the right should you turn into the alcove) and the seating area will be the entire left of the store. You order, making sure to get a Neapolitan shake with your Double-Double and head to your left to fill up the ketchup tubs (no pickled peppers because this isn't California) before taking a seat on the benches which will be just in front of you. Don't worry about the soda fountain, which will be to your left, along the wall that's adjacent to the drive-thru, as you have a milk shake coming. When they call your order (Number 79, I believe), you go to the counter and find yourself a seat...but you can't have both a window and a booth. Should you want a window seat, you'll have to choose from the hard seats that are set up as two-seater tables, some which are bundled with others. You could eat outside, but this is Arizona, so I wouldn't recommend that. Upon finishing your burger, you should toss the garbage either by the secondary entrance or by the ketchup dispenser.That is the restaurant layout and your experience, neither of which ever changes.
3	Finally got to try this west coast burger joint after hearing about it in The Big Lebowski about 50 times. Yeah, that's how much I love that movie, and no, I'm not a pot head. Anyways, this place has a pretty cool old fashioned, very simple concept without a ton of frills and extras on the menu. The burger is pretty good. Just a very thin but very flavorful patty with lots of lettuce, tomato and onion. You feel like your eating a beefy burger because of all the flavor, but it's really not that much meat. The fries are your basic thin cut fries and they're pretty good and crispy when hot but get nasty pretty quickly if you don't eat them right away. I would definitely recommend stopping by if you are nearby and live in a town without one. I'm glad I did.
2	Ehhhhhhh.Overhyped in my opinion. I've tried it a couple of times at a couple of different locations but came away with the same impression: burgers - nothing special, good but not great; shakes - same; fries - meh.I'll give it another shot the next time I'm in Scottsdale and try to remember to order off the "secret" menu. Maybe that's where the really good stuff is.
5	Best possible meal when you are craving for carbs ... This location is clean and not very crowded.
1	Most the time its pretty good but this last time I had to ditch the burger as the guy at the grill was sweating profusely. I could see him dripping from the drive-thru. F'N Gross !
5	What's not to love about a grilled cheese sandwich, animal style?It's like a salad on a bun and costs $1.95.  I'll take two.
3	3 stars:  GoodThis review is one man's opinion. And this man's opinion is that In N Out Burger is good. They let my brother and I inside minutes before the posted opening time of 10:30 a.m.(I assume they don't sell breakfast). It was surreal being the only customers in an In N Out Burger considering they are usually packed. The employees were friendly and hardworking. There was none of the horseplay that I could expect in a fast food restaurant when only a couple of customers are inside.  I ordered the standard cheeseburger meal. With a selection of three meals, the choice was an easy one. Because they make the burger upon order, it took a few minutes from order to eating. No complaints.   In my opinion, the cheeseburger was good but not the best. The fries were decent.  When it comes to fast food, in many instances the ratings of their food is one person's opinion. This person's opinion is that In N Out is 3 stars.
2	It's ok, good for a quick bite. I don't understand the almost cult like following.Made a mistake and had the shake instead of pop and was sick for hours.Staff was very friendly, but they needed someone dedicated to keeping the place clean.
4	Last time I was at In-N-Out burger was a couple of years ago.  My nephew and niece really wanted to go to In-N-Out for dinner a couple of weeks ago.  So, we decided to go.  I'm glad we went, because I got my favorite burger, animal style with single meat.
4	As good as a quick burger and fries gets!
5	I'm a huge fan of In-N-Out and this location delivers the goods.  I order my usual Double Double ($3.20) w/Animal Style Fries ($3.40).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/in-n-out-burger-scottsdale?select=pcv1WV4PX5DUax5tcTSZug#pcv1WV4PX5DUax5tcTSZughttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/in-n-out-burger-scottsdale?select=h0r285bh09IY6jVDcNsYww#h0r285bh09IY6jVDcNsYwwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/in-n-out-burger-scottsdale?select=WCcyB294517rhQmOfML9OA#WCcyB294517rhQmOfML9OAIn-N-Out never disappoints.  It always delivers a fresh, tasty Burger.  The sweet/tangy flavor of the Animal Style Sauce makes the Fries & Burgers even more addicting.  This location has great employees (they all do) and it's not as crazy busy as the locations in California & Vegas.Return Factor - 100%
4	Great cheap quality fod. This place gets packed fast!!
5	THE BEST FAST FOOD CHAIN THERE IS!  I do not know why IN-N-OUT has not headed out to the East Coast yet... what are you waiting for?These burgers and fries are to die for.  It was on my to-do list as I headed to Arizona.  This was one of the places I HAD TO GO and make sure I go every time.  Do not miss out!
4	Great place, very helpful.Even when it's busy as hell, people always clear out at a rate that lets you grab a table by the time your food's ready. The cashiers are super friendly, quick, and nice. Everyone's always working, clearing tables, mopping, holding doors, wiping things down. I love this place.Also, for vegetarians, get the Animal style Grilled Cheese. I used to think that the only thing I missed about meat-eating was In n Out burgers -- now I have no excuse. This place is bomb-diggity.P.S. Milkshakes. Get one.
5	OMG the best burgers and fries in the country! Enough said but wish they would  expand to the Atlanta area!!!
5	I can't say anything negative about this chain. Their food is delicious, the restaurants are always spotless, and the burgers taste unbelievably fresh. I must say that since discovering their secret menu, I am a protein burger convert. I don't order them for diet purposes or to watch what I eat...I just love how they taste.Something else I love, the staff friendliness  from one restaurant to the next is consistently great and predictable.A lot of burger joints and other chains could definitely learn a thing or two in terms of freshness, and the training of their staff.
4	What else to say?  In N Out + Secret Menu = Paradise
4	Simple, but homemade.  Good people watching.  Prices cheap.  I took my family on Spring Break, 2013.  It was their first trip and they were impressed.  I see why people rave!
4	I like this place for a cheap meal but the food is always fresh. The burgers are always juicy and fresh but thin. That's okay cause they are so good. The fries are so good and freshly cut. Service is always fast and friendly. Good burger place that we will always come visit.
5	Three times in the past 5 years I've been out west on trips, and each time In N Out burger is a must for me.  When you don't get it on the east coast, you take advantage of the opportunity every time.  I came here twice on my recent trip.  Once on a lunch trip on my own, and once after my co-workers got jealous of me for going and demanded we go back as a group the following day.  OK, if you say so.  After visiting this location, I now know the joys of a 3X3.  Good God Almighty, that burger might kill you, but what a way to go!  Hell, there was so much cheese I was eating what was stuck onto the paper after finishing.  Plus, it's a minor thing, but I love fresh brewed iced tea, and the opportunity to pour it yourself when eating in will always go a long way with me.  It's the perfect combo with a burger like this for me.  I'll miss you, In N Out.  Until next time!
1	This place is totally fucked up! They don't have a common condiment that every hamburger place carries - mayonnaise. Now I remember why I haven't been to one of these since they were only in California.
5	Just as the 5 Stars say this is as good as it gets for a good old fashioned hamburger, fries and a shake.  This location is my favorite because I like norther Scottsdale and all the surrounding shops, resorts and restaurants.  Like all In and Outs, this location is impeccable clean, bright and inviting.  The kids working the kitchen and counter look like All Americans from a past era and are always smiling and friendly.  The burgers are probably my favorite and I also love their fries and shakes.  I like that everything is fresh, never frozen and it tastes like it as well.  I can't say enough about In and Out which I've been patronizing since the mid 80's.  So glad they finally opened in Arizona.
5	Always a good burger.
3	Burger was quite nummy. Fries not so great. Decent price. Fast service. Small dining area. Great people watching.
4	I have been to In-N-Out many many times and I am rarely disappointed but on this particular visit at this particular location I have to say LAY OFF OF THE SALT SHAKER. Both my husband and I had the same complaint about over-saltiness and we pinpointed the source of the salt to either the bun or the onions surprisingly enough. We both managed to scarf down every morsel of food on our trays but the excessive salt was a bit of a food buzz-kill.
5	Must say my favorite hamburger joint! Too bad I have not seen one of these franchises on the East Coast! Very friendly staff! Easy to read menu! Price cannot be beat for the Food I had ordered! I timed that food was delivered exactly in 10 mins
5	best burger ask for no salt though
3	After all the hype, especially that of Anthony Bourdain, I expected heaven between two buns. That unfortunately is not what I got. Cheeseburger was ok--nothing special. I prefer shake shack. Maybe I'm a food snob. But I didn't think there was anything extraordinary about the food. Even my fries were borderline soggy. Not crisp like McDonald's fries. Yes I compared in n out to mcdonalds!
3	Paper hats. Giant safety pins for aprons. 13+ employees scurrying about.Those were my first impressions upon entering my first In-N-Out Burger, to eat for the first time.  I've had many times over the years to try In-N-Out on various trips to try this chain but have never really been interested.  Today, however, I decided to see what all the fuss was about.Service was impeccable.  Restaurant was incredibly clean.  Food was a notch above typical fast food.  I enjoyed my cheeseburger, though I'm not a huge fan of the "special" sauce (too sweet).  I appreciated the fresh lettuce and tomato.  And I really liked how the wrap your burger to make it simple to eat.  I don't really like fries, so I didn't have those.  All in all, I would definitely choose this place over the national fast food burger chains.  But, I won't crave it nor will I go out of my way for it.
5	When it comes to fast food, it truly doesn't get any better than this!  Friendly, efficient employees, fresh ingredients, clean stores...and, oh yeah, the DELICIOUS food!  Go for an animal style burger and a chocolate shake--I promise you won't be disappointed!
3	Good. Fun. Great service for fast food. Not in my top 10 for burger joints.
4	Believe the hype of the West Coast burger.
4	"I don't eat fast food."Pfft!Nope, that's a lie. In-N-Out is fast and I'm sticking to it.In-N-Out doesn't feel like a bad thing to do. (And it *was* super fast!) Had this heavenly goodness for the first time recently. I almost keeled over in delight while sampling the fries. GOODNESS GRACIOUS. Why has no one told me about this place before?All french fries should taste like this! I'll never have a fry again elsewhere. Why bother? These are the best kind. Light, crispy but not too crunchy. It didn't feel like grease was involved in frying them. But the pure vegetable oil I later learned that is used. Delightful.I still can't believe it. I was cheated growing up eating the mushy drive thru fries of other chains as a child. (Thanks Mom!) I'll save this special treat for special indulgences. Totally worth it. Loved it!OTHER STUFF+ The quality of sound during drive thru order process was crisp/clear.+ Staff was super polite, easy to understand. + Staff was helpful. Cheery! (NYE 11:15pm)
4	The best burgers of all chainburgers!Fresh, juicy burgers at a ral low price. A double-double with fries and asoftdrink is only 6,25 $.Order it "animal style" to get it grilled with a layer of mustard and served with grilled onion and extra sauce. Delicious every time!
2	First visit, as we are from Florida. Burger good. Fries terrible. I would go out of my way for a Five Guys over In and Out.
5	Fast, friendly and super nice employees. Lines can always be long at In-n-Outs but on days like those at this particular location the employees definitely make the line go very quick and seem faster than it really is. Food is always amazing here. Easy location to find and of course they have very affordable prices.
5	Love love love this place. Best burger anywhere! I really don't know what to say always a smiling face at the register always a delicious burger fries can be hit or miss and this place can get pretty busy sometimes. My favorite is a double double with grilled onions always a good choice.
4	Love the food here, especially the fries.  So fresh and crunchy.  Can't get it anywhere else.
4	last honost burger chain america! besides dicks in seattle, double double is legit, fries are ok but at least they are fresh, this place gets packed so be prepared for a short wait.
5	Can't be the double double. Always good food.  Quality every time. Fresh and tastes like real food. Like the shakes also.
2	Maybe it is just this particular In-N-Out but the burgers were blah and boring.  I seem to recall having better ones at the In-N-Out in California. Not worth the hype or the calories.
4	Awesome customer service!  Always consistently good burgers, staff pays attention to details and they give it 110%
5	I am from the east coast, so I think I am a little over complementary at this time, but I do like this place.  The service is always top notch and the food is good.  My typical order is the double double animal style with well done animal style fries.  It cannot be beat.  I would recommend to anyone.  One of the best fast food experiences I have had.
3	In-N-Out is predictable. If that is the only thing a chain would be graded on then every location I have been to would be a 5. Every food item is always fresh but I think a bit short on flavor. The portions are not over kill nor is the price. It will always take longer than average for a burger place to get your order. My visit here was based on predictable being what I was in the mood for that day.
3	Late night munchies after watching the Tony Awards.  Had a hard time understanding the girl's voice on the speaker box, and finally realized after getting our order that she had asked us if we were eating in our car, when I thought she had asked if we were using a card.  I had the double cheese burger with onions and the chocolate milk shake.  My wife had the cheeseburger all the way and fries.  Asked the girl at the window for catsup, mustard and mayo, and she said they did not have mayo but she would give us catsup and mustard.  Got the tray (reason for the question about the car?) and realized after pulling off that she had not given us the catsup and mustard, so we stopped at a convenience store and got mayo and mustard (they didn't have catsup) and paid more for that than the burgers.  Burgers, fries and shake were tasty but we both were surprised after our first visit to an IAO that the menu was so limited.  However, hunger satisfied and now we know.
5	For fast food burgers, in and out is tough to beat. Ask for your burger animal style and you won't be disappointed. Their fries are just so so. The milkshakes are pretty awesome. In and out always hires very nice people, it is rare to get bad service. I recently went to a nutrition seminar and they said a healthier fast food option is in and out, protein style burgers. It's basically a burger wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun!
4	How much or how little can I say??? Its In-N-Out!!! And we don't have them in Chicago.#1 Animal Style really hit the spot after a long morning of travelling. Great cashier and quick service! It made me happy at 11am! :-)
5	Excellent service abd awesome animal fries and burgers every thing is great fast service
4	I don't know that it's fair for me, as a vegan, to write a review for a burger joint. All I can eat is their fries with grilled onions, but they are always fresh! They're also the only place (that I know of) where I can get a drive-thru 7-Up soda. I only drink soda when I have a sick tummy, so it's nice and convenient to be able to swing by here when I need one. My family isn't vegan. They love the burgers and animal fries (which are on the "secret" menu).  Open late. The drive-thru line gets long, but it goes pretty fast. The workers are always nice, friendly, & smiling. I love how they repeat your order a second time, for accuracy, once you get to the window. If they ever decide to offer a vegan veggie burger, I would be SO elated!
5	Great burgers, fries and shakes.  Service is always great regardless of how busy they are.  Friendly and efficient employees!
3	The burgers are great but you guys should provide shade  or something to your poor employees standing outside in FULL SUN in 97 degree AZ weather.  I've seen some of these guys standing out there for a while...it's a bit inhumane in my opinion. Shame on the mgrs they should have to stand out there with no cover to see how they like it :(
2	Extremely slow drive thru. Like what are you doing?? Why does it always take FOREVER to get a $3 burger, you have like 5 items, you can't make them quickly?? Other places have like 20-30 options and they crank cars through.
4	We love "In and Out" burgers & fries. Great milkshakes too.  When we want a quick burger, this is the place for it! You can see the fries are made right there before they are cooked so you know they haven't been sitting around half the day. Simple menu, just a few choices, and delicious! Always a good choice for a quick meal on the go.
4	Love this location and so close to our house. Huge dining area and always clean plus the drive thru is quick and efficient. Come for the burgers which are so inexpensive and you also have to get the fresh cut fries. The double double burger is huge and throw on some onions and you have one awesome burger. If you are lucky while in the drive thru you may see them actually cutting the fries. The service is always top notch and the food comes out quickly. Got to hand it to them the food is extremely fresh and always tasty and juicy.I remember when they first opened the drive thru line was about 30-40 minutes long so I dropped my wife at Nordstrom Rack, the kids were small at the time and asleep so I went thru the drive thru in about 45 minutes so my wife got to shop the kids got a good nap and my stomach was happy.
5	RECOMMENDED: My car got sucked into the drive thru by the intergalactic tractor beam so I had to appease it by ordering a Double-Double and some well done fries!In-N-Out is part of what makes the West Coast the West Coast. I love that they make their burgers fresh to order and only use fresh meat. The fries took a little to adjust to, since I had grown accustomed to the crap other burger joints put in their fries. Not In-N-Out... You can see them cutting up whole potatoes to make their fries. In-N-Out is known for their "secret" menu. My advise is to ask someone in the know or simply read the comments on the listing here in Yelp for some hints and insight. My personal favorites are the Double Double or the Triple Triple. Simply put... That's 2 patties with 2 slices of cheese or 3 patties with 3 slices of cheese!  I order mine Animal style!  Ask for this and you'll certainly never order it off the menu again. The North Scottsdale location is easy to get to. It's always clean and the staff is impressive!  It's hard to beat In-N-Out in the fast food burger niche. Enjoy ;-)
4	We don't have In-N-Out in Oregon so every time I'm in CA I go. I was thrilled to find they had one near our hotel and would've eaten it for every meal if I could but self-control kicked in. This place was speedy considering the lunch rush, the staff friendly and the food AMAZING! I can't believe how inexpensive it is and appreciate the quality coming out of a fast food joint which I normally avoid. Still drooling thinking of my burger...
5	Can never go wrong with an in n out burger.Pro tips: add chopped chiles inside your burger for a kick.  Don't like the fries soft? Ask for well done !
4	Always always good. Perfect spot to hit up on those late night burger cravings. Drive through moves quickly too.
4	I love burgers and when I get a craving I go to in-n-out the stroller you my number one spot to hit up late at night I haven't tried the one in California yet but I'm sure take just as good as they are
5	It's addicting!!! So good. I can always go for an In N Out burger
