5	This is your one stop shop for anything related to gambling.  They have tons of retired casino card decks (seriously, three isles of cards!), dice, chips, trays, walls of books, cheat sheets, vintage slot machines, a small collection of movie posters and vintage signs, walls of strategy books, and quite a bit more.  It's a bit pricey, but worth the trip to find anything you need to set up your own poker night.  I particularly loved the giant statue of a Native American man with a slot machine for a chest, selling for $5,700.This whole area is good for antique and thrift shopping, particularly furniture.
5	Although I am not old enough to gamble, I love going here for the Vegas history, the large selection of books, and the large selection of cards.  They also make personalized chips as well.  It is a little hard to find, took us a while, but it is worth it.  It is also very quiet and nobody bothers you.
3	If you need gambling stuff, they've got it.  The staff wasn't too friendly though, and we found poker chips cheaper at Spinetti's across the street.  Keep an eye out for their coupon in all the tourist books (though for some reason it's not valid on everything).
4	I can not believe that as much as I shop here, I have not reviewed this outstanding shop hidden away on main street.Everything you can think of related to gambling and the experience of gambling can be found in the store.The only thing that keeps the general store from a five star rating is that the parking is very limited and it is not easy to enter. One of the outstanding features of the store is an amazing collection of slot machines for sale. All styles can be found, however, there are some states that it is illegal for you to own a slot machine in your home.They have the greatest collection of books for sale on every aspect of gambling. The number of books on Hold "em Poker is astounding.I buy my table chips for home use here, and they have decks of previously used decks of cards from all your favorite casinos. The staff is totally knowledgeable and very helpful.Also very friendly....A great specialty store.
5	i honestly don't have a gambling problem, but i do have phases- and gambling was one phase... texas hold em was a favorite, along side craps and monopoly slot machines. All addictions which this store can feed. Cards were another phase and so i used to collect cards- many which i have acquired from this store. They have a gazillion cool brands of playing cards. from trick decks, to brands like; Bicycle (poker peek, rider back, masters) bee, aviator, mohawk, bulldog squeezers, hoyle, tallyho, streamline, and also misc used casino cards. They have tons of poker chips (pink ones too), and many other things to amuse yourself into thinking you're the next world poker champ!!!be sure to get a capistrami sandwich from Capriottis on your drive back home.
5	I dont have a gambling problem or even know how to play cards but I do collect casino cards and chips.  This is the best place to go if you want to buy used casino cards and chips.  They also have a large selection of new chips as well. The staff there is very friendly and helpful.  If you are looking for anything for your game room or casino collection this is the place to go.  One tip would be is not to ride the deuce bus and then walk the 2 miles from Freemont Street.  It would be easy to rent a car or take a taxi from any of the strip hotels.
2	I just came back from my yearly trek to Las Vegas.  Since I am a card collector I paid another visit to the Gamblers General Store.  This trip was not so successful.  Since I buy alot and have large orders they were not really helpful in shipping or giving me a bulk price.  I was disappointed and took business across the street to another casino/gaming store.  From my last visit the customer service was not there.  In the future I may try them again since they may have had a bad day or something.
4	This is a great spot to grab gifts for friends.  They have everything from books to casino tokens to antique slot machines.  The slots seem a bit overpriced, but this is a retail location so it should be expected.The location has parking, and the store itself is quite large.  You could easily spend 30 minutes just browsing around.  I definitely would NOT try to walk here from the Strip.
5	5-stars for the following defensible reasons:*) Price*) Selection*) Convenient Hours*) Easy Parking*) ~~~FRIENDLY~~~ StaffI outfitted an entire casino in my living room, and all I had to do was ask Ludmilla, the proprietor. I could talk to her for hours! She gave me a lucky souvenir casino chip for buying from her that had the store logo on it. How cool is that? An incredible selection of used playing cards from various casinos, and regulation clay chips. wOw! Although my intent was to select some very attractive dice for historical dice games I am researching for occupational reasons, I found everything I wanted and much much more. Check it out:I know have the following games in my home, thanks to Ludmilla:*) Roulette*) Poker and other card games*) Dice for the following games: Craps, Dai Sui, my adapted version of Crown and Anchor, many many more dice gamesFor the record, I also have a lot of non-casino games too which accompany the casino games I now have thanks to Ludmilla, including chess, backgammon, and a variety of recognizable games. It's all for work...really...yeah...work. Ludmilla has a nice chess set she is selling, as well as several real-world casino table setups just like in the name-recognition casinos. Ludmilla also has a fair grouping of collectibles with historical significance.Advice for visitors: Not within walking distance of any hotel or casino, but trust me...eVeRy taxi driver knows where this place is!This is the Las Vegas souvenir hookup!
3	A good place to kill some time.  Inside you'll find gambling books, gambling equipment, Las Vegas souvenirs, a large selection of playing cards and poker chips, odds and ends.  Seems like they're making an effort to clear stuff out.  I noticed a lot of OLD merchandise marked for clearance.  Hopefully this is a good thing because they seemed to be getting cluttered with junk over the past few years.  I've purchased several poker books and good luck charms here.  Apparently I haven't found the right one yet.
5	I'm just getting into card magic, so I wont be talking much other than service and cards hereWas searching high and low for a store in town that had Tally-Ho cards and called GGS in sheer desperation. Little disappointed that they lacked the exact back I wanted but was blown away when I got there and saw what they had in stock. Now they do have have some trick decks Magic Makers and Bicycle David Blaine, but they do not carry cards from Theory 11 or Ellusionist (with the exception of Guardians.) They do have a great selection of cool Bicycles and with the exception of the Poker Peeks are all under 3 bucks! They do carry plastic cards and novelty cards too and a good selection.Staff was very helpful and nice. Helped me find a few gifts for some friends and even gave me a pair of free pair matching Bellagio Dice for being unable to get a couple of things I was looking for. This place is a regular stop for me now. I get my usual pack of Tallys and Guardians and something cool for my collection.
5	Great place to spend an hour or two and drool over all the amazing toys.They have it all, dice, cards, roulette wheels, blackjack tables, art...everything gambling related is here. The prices are a little bit better than other nearby places and their showroom is bigger as well. I thoroughly enjoyed stopping in here and found some great gifts. They sell decks of cards that were used in the WSOP, how cool is that?
3	This place is dying....years ago, this place was packed of so much stuff.  It used to be cool coming here...so much things to see/look at, now everything looks just like a leftover...Sad.
2	Don't get me wrong, I enjoy browsing the store but this is a tourist spot. I have found that items are overpriced compared to it's rival across the street, and no I am not an employee of Spinettis. This store is interesting to browse and browse is all I do here. I will actually shop  here if they lower the prices.
3	I ran into the Gamblers general Store on my way out of town. For some quick gifts.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gvLS_1eQX1aTq7YAMT_wkw&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=J86VUdLrSopV4khfi0ml8Q&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwIt had been a few years since my last time. What a difference a few years make.The last time I was here there were twice the amount of gaming tables and slot machines. The tough economy has reared her ugly head in the independent stores that cater to luxury nonessential items like gambling toys and supplies. But its still worth a visit because. They carry lots of cool stuff!Vintage slots ....  these old nickel machines are the coolest.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=TEQvi5NRFfBI4zPqEq_ACQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VhSSwetHDaPHQ1NQNT1NuA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwChips ... from mild to wild, old school clay chips, regulation stuff, custom made singles and sets, and cases too.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=mqfbg2vgKjXwgOzqRBelMQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=JFXpfI8g_ziMufARujvLuw&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwCards ...  a zillion of them, even cheater decks and WSOP stuff.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Z8AUptIOyJ3WmOq2fZJomA&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwBooks .... They have more gambling, poker, and Vegas related books for sale than any twenty libraries combined. A huge wall full of them.Dice ... by the thousands from all the different casinos, personalized and loaded ones too.Tables ... They still have a lot of card tables, roulette tables and table supplies that can still be found here at a bargain price. A fun place to find Vegas souvenirs. The staff here is very friendly and helpful. Still its a tourist spot for old school gamers like me, but fun all the same.
4	I had read about this store in many tourist books, so it was on my list to visit. The people that work here are friendly and helpful, especially the older lady :)  I was hoping that they would have a better selection, but still found plenty of things to buy. They have many felt layouts for the traditional Las Vegas table games. They also have poker chips, dice, playing cards, etc. I bought 5 Decks of playing cards, 2 New and 3 Used from the Casinos. The prices are very reasonable for the used playing cards...mostly $3 a pack for a deck used by a famous casino. Something both unique and collectable at an unbeatable price. Will stop in again on my next trip :D
4	They have some cool stuff and its close to home!
5	This is the first time I ever been in a store like this one. But they have very kind staff. We walked in 5 minutes before closing time and stayed about an hour not knowing they were closed. Now we did not buy one item. But they never told us to leave or get out. I poked and looked until my heart was more than pleased. And I looked around and was like where is everyone? The people inside still never told us they was closed. Talk about professional. They have everything you need to make a poker den. I am the pretty little card player in my family lol my husband he loves baseball and football. I on the other hand thinks I will play in the WSOP one day. Ok back to the review. So even tho they were closed they took time gave me business cards. Answered all my questions. And made me feel unique. (I will be back ASAP) When I am treated like that you have a fan and customer in me for life.Over all my time inside the store was pure fun I seen cards, shirts, poker chips, pictures oh wow so many items that you can have custom made. Oh I almost forgot they have real casino poker tables and slot machines. I will be back. But when I return I will be more attentive of the time. Stop in today you will be glad that you did.
2	They have a big selection but their prices are too high.  Go across the street to Spinnets.
4	Kinda sketchy from the outside, but this store is actually cute!  We stopped here to just buy water since it was sooo hot while we were there this past June and the lady ringing us up was super nice. She even gave us some "lucky" chips that weren't so lucky for us, but oh well.
5	What can I say, this place is a very cool place. Love it!
