5	Went in to pick up shelves, had them already paid for, it was right there, they had 3 guys load it in my car for me and then I was done! Nice people, easy, didnt have to break a sweat!
5	We were driving through the Scottsdale area and honestly just killing time until dinner.  We stumbled across this place completely on accident, and fell in love immediately.  They have limited hours, but we lucked out and they were open when we got there.  The place can seem a touch overwhelming when you first walk in - think Ikea, but nicer furnishings!  We thought it would be a quick stop in and look around, but we were there for over an hour and half just perusing through all the various room setups and random placements.  We could definitely imagine our entire house being easily decorate with all the offerings this place had and the prices were extremely reasonable for the pieces.Don't need a room full of furniture?  They have gobs of arts and mirrors and knick knacks!  Be warned though - if you pop in here for "one small piece" for a room you may very well end up replacing the whole room worth of stuff!  Overall: A (the only thing holding it back from an A+ is the limited hours)
1	I loved this store when it first opened. They had some very unique pieces.  Since they opened on Indian Bend , they have moved twice. They are currently in their second location on Mayo blvd. I no longer think their stock is very unique. It's become very dark, heavy, ornate with overly carved wood work. They used to carry items that resembled Restoration Hardware pieces at half the price. Now it's a lot of dark Tuscan like items that just have a dated look. I hope they go back to what they used to sell.
2	I would rather go to the Onion Barn. Every time I go in there I step on a potato! I love my new brown couch but the burlap material is too itchy and they won't let me return it. I wouldn't recommend this place
1	I went into this store for the first time 2 weeks ago because I am looking for new living room and guest room furniture.  LOVED their products, but will never go back. I visited after hitting the gym, then a massage next door, so I was in a pretty raw state.  I saw 2 women employees and 1 man (salespeople). The women were not helping any customers (they were unpacking items and chatting) but the man was (he was helping two other ladies in the store). I spent over 30 minutes looking around and was never greeted or spoken to, by ANY of the sales people, despite being less than 10 feet away from each of them at some point. Other than the two men coming out of the back carrying a chair and saying "excuse me" to get me to move out of their way, not another word was spoken to me. Sadly, I would have bought. I had even taken a picture and sent to my husband for his thoughts on a piece while I was there, however without any inquiry into my needs, let alone a simple hello, I've decided this is not the place for me. 1 star, because I can't pick ZERO!
