5	Little oasis in the neighborhood, I am so very happy to meet you, you sweetheart you with your picnic tables outside and in, your simple strings of lights across the wide open garage door, your small but elegant selections of affordable and delicious scotches, cocktails, wines and beers on tap, and your vegetarian hot dogs made locally and "available each day until they run out." Graceful bilingual staff seems mostly made up of power mamas who you want to befriend and have teach you the ways of confident tough womanliness. Tucked in an industrial kiddie corner a few blocks between le Pick Up, Jackie and Judy, Il Motore, NDQ and all the Italian restaurants that spill their well coiffed customers out on to St Laurent street, Alexandraplatz stitches together one more piece in the network of diversity and resiliency that is making this little hood so sweet these days. Obligatory nod -  this is a bit of Berlin in a tiny unlikely corner of Montreal, and it seems the owners are the loves from Le Pick Up and Constellation Records, so the music and food and heart are all in the right place (i.e.; close to me!)
5	The industrial location right around the corner from nothing made me feel like I was pretty darn special when we rolled up to this gem. Alexandraplatz, where have you been my whole life? From your light bulb string lights to your super yummy Japadog, I knew that I liked you after my very first sip of your bourbon lemonade.  Everything is affordable, the service is top notch and the picnic tables full of new friends are way fun. The staff rocks and it's a great chance to meet some cool locals and enjoy being actually cool seeing as not everyone knows about this place (yet!)I will definitely be back, and not just to see if the guy dressed in white from head to toe will be there again.
5	Absolutely love :  the affordable pints, delicious mixed drinks, good music, open air, fun patrons, lovely staff, tasty veggie food (although I might bring my own cheese for the tasty nachos next time I go). It's a great place to spend a few hours in the sun drinking hake sakes!
4	Berlin in Montreal.Really cool place that has become victim of its own success. you can wait up to 20 min to get a drink! Nested in the "oh-so-hip" industrial Neighborhood called Mile-ex, you don't go there randomly. Imagine an old garage transformed into a bar with picnic tables, little lanterns and the parking lot of the next-door brewery used as the terrace: there you have it.Drinks are cheap and if you are in the mood for something a little fancier than the usual "draft Blond" order a Bicycletta!
5	There are so very many positive aspects about Alexandraplatz that I witnessed last Friday when I met up with friends there and got liberally sauced:1. Cocktail drinks in large pint glasses. FTW. I kept having the Hare Sake . Like a gin and tonic with sake and also ginger. Refreshing! The bourbon lemonade was also good but kinda sweet.2. Vegan treats! When we got there around 8, they were dishing out these really cute portions of pad-thai with some thinly sliced BBQ grilled tofu and fresh coriander on top of some rice pasta. Joanne dropped her tofu on the ground and no probs, they gave her some new one. Afterwards, like around 10, these two dudes showed up with home-made (!!) vegan sausages and probably made a killing selling hot-dogs and nachos (great nutritional yeast sauce, dudes).3. The general feel of it. Was friendly and open and sweet. With that being said, the whole terrace thing was a bit of a shit-show and you get the sense that they're dealing with new-found popularity and don't really know how to manage. At first, someone came to tell us we could't sit in the loading area with drinks and that we had to go to the terrace even though a bunch of folks were drinking their brews right on the sidewalk. Then later on, like after 11, we were told we couldn't have our drinks on the terrace. Even though by then the whole outside thing was a bit out of control with people having their drinks whichever way. And then somehow, when Joanne asked later on, it felt like they just gave up and it became ok to drink on the terrace.So yeah, right on that Alexandraplatz is doing good. They're awesome. They just need to tighten it up. But that's cool.
4	Don't go there on Friday or Saturday but this place is a lot of fun.The place is basically a garage that they put a bar into and lined it up with picnic tables.  It's located somewhere that gets no foot traffic you'd have to know where it is to even find it.   I imagine its only open for the summer.The beer is good and cheep and the vibe is great.Only drawback is that its packed if you go Fri/Sat and that both the clientele and the place is so hipster its painful.
5	Just a heads up that this place is closed till the summer - it's in an uninsulated garage, you would not want to be in there in the winter. I've sent this info into Yelp HQ so they can indicated that the Platz is closed seasonally, but until then consider this your friendly neighborhood warning.
4	summing this place up: minimal decor, happy staff, chill drinks, friendly crowd = good vibes.
5	Reasonably priced drinks & tasty selection. I like that the clientele is mixed; there are anglos and francos, the hip and the casual. Minimal set-up - picnic benches, lanterns and a parking lot, but it somehow creates the oh-so desired Berliner feel. But we all know Montreal is where it's at, right?
4	Closed for the winter once again but available for holiday parties apparently this year? Could be cozy, rattly and magical! If you do it let me know how it goes!
3	Awesome place to grab a drink among friends. Very laid back atmosphere in a unique area. The service was great. Friendly bar tenders. However, it can get a bit chilly so be sure to dress warm. The bar is located in an industrial garage and the door is kept wide open in the spring. It will be a great place to hang out in the summer by far! Lastly, unfortunately, the venue is cash only and because it's located in such a remote area you have no choice but to use the unbranded ATM machine with outrageous charges for minimum transaction security. Great place but in desperate need of interact/credit card terminals.
4	Alexandraplatz is SOOO much more better looking in person than in pictures! So cozy, inviting, comfortable... And has ginger beer! Bathroom sink was a nice touch. Felt like I could have been somewhere in Brooklyn or the Mission. Great spot to meet up with friends or for date night!
4	Diverse crowd and affordable brews. If you like drinking beer, stepping out for a smoke and a walk in an unfamiliar but not too distant area it can be fun. Its location makes it that much more interesting. Also I'm not vegan but they made some pretty good vegan tacos one time.Replace the leechy ATM with a debit card terminal and some complimentary wifi and it is a solid 5 star place.
4	Bar set in an old garage -- the post industrial look makes the place set for a casual but yet intriguing encounter. The all-open doors during warm weather makes it feel like an open air pub. Try the cocktails with the grapefruit juice made from fresh fruits in store! Local tap beers available. Cash only.
