3	I spent a week temping at an office in the Wells Fargo Tower and I ate here twice. It is a little cafe that is connected to the tower and it obviously caters to all the businesses in the Howard Hughes Center business park. All the people coming here are employees from around the area. Surprisingly enough it is not super busy at Noon (lunchtime) as both times I went is was exactly Noon. However, they do appear to be a thriving take-out business. I guess most people these days just can't get out of their office, even if the place they're ordering from is just a few floors down from them.Anyway, it's a nice enough joint with seating inside and out. They have a HUGE menu considering how small the place is. There are cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches, plates (mostly Greek-origin), wraps, soups, and salads. On the two days I went I had a hot sandwich, the Turkey Loco, which was okay, but I just did not realize it was not going to have any veggies on it all. Guess that's my own fault. Second day I had the gyro salad. Basically gyro meat on a bed of lettuce, but it also comes with a dressing and tzatziki sauce, cucumbers, tomatos, and red and green peppers - yum!I suggest going with the salads here because you get the most bang for your buck. The salads are generous and since you're paying so much (everything here is $6+) you might as well get the most out of it! Not too many people are going to just come here because they want a bite to eat, but if you find yourself working in the Howard Hughes Center this place will definitely do.
2	I've eaten here about 4 times.  Breakfast and lunch.  The menu is extremely varied, but I haven't found anything they do well, yet.  Salads: pretty boring - mostly iceberg lettuce.  The Greek food, gyros and falafel: mediocre.  The falafel were dry, flat patties and the gyros did not come off a rotisserie like I am used to.  I think the meat was bought premade and heated up.   Looked like that precooked bacon and tasted blah. And my breakfast burrito smelled like beef stroganoff.  How does that happen?  It was ok, but lacked flavor, which was surprising given the amount of cheese, salsa, and sausage in there.They have pasta, grilled fish, chicken fingers, hamburgers, and other various items.  But I'm not willing to go through the whole menu.  If someone convinces me there is a certain dish they do well, I may try this place again but otherwise... nah.
2	We order delivery to our nearby office building several times per week. The food is fair to good and the delivery is typically pretty fast. Tip 1: call or walk-in before 11am to order breakfast items such as an omelet, however they are strict about not allowing a substitution for fruit instead of hash browns. Tip 2: the baja grilled chicken wrap is excellent and a healthy choice if you omit the cheese and request a wheat wrap (warning this wrap contains just the right amount of  jalapenos..but be sure to have something to drink close by)A few times I've called when the delivery order was wrong (eg received the buffalo grilled wrap instead of the baja - there's a big difference in taste!) and each time I called to tell them about the mistake, there was a  skeptical "tone" in her voice (the owner?) and clearly not a sincere apology - the impression she gave was that they were doing us a favor by fixing or replacing it... But they do a good enough job for something quick and close-by, and the delivery option is a blessing in this area. They have a nice little area to dine inside at the cafe when time permits, and several outdoor tables with umbrellas to sit at on nice-weather days.
1	This place is a joke. The only reason they are still in business is because there are no other quick food options in the Hughes Center. Less than friendly service and very average quality overpriced food ($8 greek salad with a few thin strips of meat, 3 tomato wedges, and a huge bed of iceberg lettuce). Not recommended.
5	I don't know what is going on with my fellow yelpers.  This place is amazing!  Delivery is blistering fast, and customer service is on par with other delivery joints.  Notable items on the menu:French FriesBreakfast Burrito SpecialFalafelTurkey ChilliAtlantic Grilled SalmonGyro Salad
5	I always order the fries well done.
4	The food is good and the service even better. I work at an office nearby and they deliver fast.
4	I'm attending a business meeting at a nearby hotel and one of the attendees took me to the Sidewalk Cafe for lunch. You'd never know it was there unless someone told you , as it's buried in the Hughes office park. If you walk along the right side of Coroprate Drive from Paradise for a hundred feet or so, turn right into a loading dock area and go up the stairs to find it.The selection of sandwiches and salads is quite large. I went there twice so far - had a mushroom swiss burger with fries the first time, a blackened salmon Caesar salad the second. Both were very tasty and reasonably priced. If they are busy you may wait a while for your food, as the kitchen is small. If you know what you want, call ahead. There is both indoor and outdoor seating. Two televisions were on (showing the same program) while I was there.The Sidewalk Cafe caters primarily to the surrounding office park, but it is in easy walking distance from hotels on Paradise such as the Fairfield Inn, Emerald Suites, etc There aren't a lot of moderately priced lunch and breakfast opportunities in the neighborhood, so the Sidewalk Cafe is a good bet. Just be aware that they are closed weekends and holidays, though they were open on Columbus Day when I went..
