4	I would say it was a decent massage....and if they offer a deal I wouldn't mind coming back.  It was very easy to book a weekend appointment the day before and that is huge for me!
5	From being greeted by June and Priscilla and having a wonderful massage by Daniel, I felt pampered and relaxed!
5	Went in for a prenatal massage with Angela and it was wonderful. I am 38 weeks pregnant and Angela made sure I was comfortable the whole time on their awesome  massage tables that have a cut out for the belly. It is so much better than getting a massage while laying on your side. Angela worked on the spots I told her were bothering me and even found the areas I had forgotten about.
5	This was the best massage I have had in at least 10 years!!  Angela was caring, asked questions in the beginning, then proceeded to melt me into the table.  Just the right amount of pressure.   She is excellent masseuse.  I HIGHLY recommend her.  The overall visit was just great.  I hope to get back soon!
5	WOW, WOW, WOW! I have found my massage place! I have been to I don't know how many places in the past 3 years, and no place has impressed me like Elements impressed me today. It began with a pleasant phone call to inquire about an appointment. The receptionist, Priscilla, is an enormous asset to this business. She has a melodious voice that truly carries a sense of welcome and cordiality over the phone. She immediately made me feel at ease and so welcome. I was able to make a reservation same day (though that is not recommended based on how frequently they book up) and went in. The best part is that the staff know they are awesome and that resonates through confidence, thus transpiring that over to the customer. Bonnie was my therapist and she did a fantastic job! I have severe chronic pain in my shoulders and she worked on them in ways I've never felt. I could feel my body loosening up, especially in those tight knotted areas. At the end, I thought it couldn't possibly be over, I need more! I will have to try out a 110 minute one sometime! Right now they have an awesome Groupon out, so go try it out! It's an absolute steal of a Groupon for what you are going to receive. At the end, I was so satisfied and convinced this is the best place I've been to, I signed up for a month to month membership. I am excited and happy to say that after a few years of searching, I've finally found a place with more than competent staff and somewhere I will enjoy for a long time :)
5	Great atmosphere, excellent massage (55min) and customer service. Everyone I came in contact with was very helpful and nice. Only thing I would change, wish I did the 80min!
5	I recently started a membership at Elements Massage in Chandler Village. So far,I have had three WONDERFUL massages, two from Angela and one from Elaine. These ladies are terrific. They really listened about my neck, shoulder, and foot problems and I felt they "customized" the massages to address those issues. I always leave relaxed, but later I feel energized and ready to tackle my day!  I'm so glad I got a membership and look forward to many, many more top-notch massages!  I should also mention the receptionist, Priscilla. She is friendly and personable. She handles her job with apparent ease. She goes out of her way to make sure I am comfortable, satisfied, and well-hydrated!  Everyone at Elements that I have met so far loves their jobs--I can tell!
1	We are always going to Target so I was excited to see a massage place going in the same shopping center. Months went by and I saw they were running an ad on Groupon so I figured it was worth a try and if I liked it I would purchase their membership program. I called to make an appointment for my boyfriend and myself,  the receptionist was really nice and fairly easy to make an appointment.When we went in for the appointment,  we were greeted and the receptionist got us some lemon water. My massage therapist was running late so I had to wait about 10 minutes..I was okay with that. My boyfriend was happy with his massage. Personally, I didn't share that same experience. Aside from the fact,  I was suppose to receive a 55 minute massage, this only lasted 45 minutes because she was 10 minutes late. I watched the time, from when she started and when she ended,  just out of curiousity.  Secondly,  she had a light/medium pressure however she rock /manipulate technique tweaked my lower back and I've been hurting for the last 4 days. We called the company just to tell the manager that I didn't have a good experience and maybe she needed some additional training.  I was NOT looking to come back in or even requesting a refund. I just wanted the manager know If this were to happen to someone else.  In talking with the manager/owner,  i was  told that the girl is experienced and nobody ever complains and I can come in to talk with a therapist who has worked in a chiropractic office before and she could put a heat pad on my back. This is not what I was looking to hear... Additionally,  she tried to blame and compare my occupation for my lower back pain. I felt as if her words were condescending, and if she talks this way tocustomers  this doesn't make people want to come back.I get massages regularly,  i know that when I went in and how I felt after my appointment was not the same. It's not my occupation, it was absolutely the technique used by this particular therapist. I also own a business and understand employees and etiquette but this entire situation was poorly handled,  not quality customer service. I will continue to go to Fuchsia Spa in Mesa where they appreciate their customers and their membership costs the same, plus they have more to offer and I've NEVER had a situation or bad service there.  It's really unfortunate as the location was convenient  but both of us will not be returning to Elements.
5	At 20 weeks pregnant with triplets, you might imagine that I could use a great prenatal massage - and you'd be right!Had a fantastic experience with Angela. One of the best massages I've had in a long time - so good that I'm joining their monthly Wellness Program. Can't wait to go back! They have the tables with the cut-outs so you can lay on your tummy, which feels glorious, I might add... The staff was super friendly. All-around a highly recommended experience!
5	WOW AMAZINGMy Sister and I did a girls spa day! Our first time at Elements Massage was beyond AMAZING! Moment we walked in we were greeted right away and was served ice cold lemon water! Then we were both taken back. My advisor Helen greeted me and showed me back to my room. The massage was amazing! She was so helpful and after the massage she showed me some simple exercise to try when I'm at work. I highly recommend this place and I am defiantly coming back to see Helen!
