5	Vladimir fixed our (15 year old) washing machine quickly and inexpensively, and I believe him when he says it will keep running for years to come.  I already have his number stored in my phone for when my dryer (also 15 years old) breaks!  Also, I found $7 in the washing machine after the first load I did post-fix -- that's got to be good luck, right?  Really, he will be my go-to guy for appliance issues should they happen in the future.
5	Great service and good price. Great customer service.
5	Vlad was referred to me by Tom of Sav-On Plumbing in Glendale. He came within one day of calling, very professional and honest. This was an oven repair of a broken oven light. Instead of ordering the part, which would have increased the cost by $50, he fixed the part I had. I was very pleased.Vlad is a national treasure and I'll definitely use him again and refer others to him.
5	I used Vladimir based on the excellent ratings through Yelp.  The display unit in my GE profile range had gone belly-up.  Vladimir had a few problems obtaining the part through his supplier but once he received it he insured it was installed quickly and professionally.  I would recommend him for any appliance related repair.
5	Thanks to the other reviews posted here, I contacted Vladimir about a problem with my 12 year old Maytag front-loading washing machine.  Incredibly, he suggested a way I could save my money and make this particular repair myself -- and it worked!!He has a great philosophy: If he can help you solve the problem over the phone first, why not? If it's not something that can be fixed that way, then he'll come out to repair it onsite, and with very flexible business hours too! That saves the customer time and money and keeps his schedule open for the bigger problems.Smart man!He's my first call from now on for all my appliance needs!
5	Wonderful service!  Timely and all around great guy:)  I will refer him every chance I get!!!
5	I called Phoenix Appliance Repair based on the Yelp reviews.  Vladimir is quick, honest and professional.  He ordered parts for my dishwasher.  Once he looked at it, he decided that the parts were unnecessary.  He explained what the problem was and did his best to fix the dishwasher.  He is on my phone for future appliance repair.  They don't make appliances the way they use to and we all need a good repairman.  Vladimir deserves a five star rating.
5	Vladimir was prompt and quickly repaired my clothes dryer.  My wife was impressed with his politeness.
5	Vladimir was prompt and arrived during the appointment window to repair my refrigerator.  He made every effort to keep the cost down for me and his service call and overall price was much lower than the competition.  He is a small business owner and keeps his overhead low to pass the savings on to his customers.  I would definitely recommend him and Phoenix Appliance Services for any appliance repair needs.
5	I found Phoenix Appliance Services based on the good reviews on Yelp. The problem I called for was for a very noisy/humming dishwasher.Not only did Vladimir fix the problem quickly, he explained what had happened, how to help prevent it, and he also demonstrated how I could fix it the next time it happens.Will definitely call again the next time I need something repaired and I strongly recommend him to others!
5	Vladamir is FABULOUS!A few days ago my washing machine over flowed. I finally sucked it up and called around for some rate quotes.  I like that his fee to come out was waived if he performed the service.He explained to me what he thought was going on and told me how much it would be, but then as he looked at the machine he tried something else and was the fix that it needed.  He also told me how to keep it from happening again and if it did happen again, I know how to fix it myself.Honest repair man.  Don't find too many of those around.
5	Vladimir is professional and courteous. He diagnosed my washing machine problem immediately and fixed it in less than a hour.  I will definitely call him again if I have any appliance issues in the future. Highly recommended!
5	Vladimir was great. On short notice he fit us into his schedule. He was very helpful and knowledge able regarding the problem with our refrig. He showed us how to fix the problem and only charged for a service call. We will definitely use him in the future for our appliance repair needs in the future
5	Vladimir arrived on time and repaired a broken water line in my refrigerator. He was polite, efficient and cleaned up afterward. I will definitely call him again and refer him to my friends.
5	I was so happy with the service that I decided to write my very first Yelp review about Vladimir.  My washer was sounding like a jumbo jet (bad pump). Vladimir fixed it up, at a fair price, and also provided some tips on how to keep it running well.  I've had a couple not-so-great experiences with other appliance repair companies before, so it felt great to finally find someone reliable, trustworthy, and definitely deserving of the 5 star ratings. Thx V!
5	Great service, great price!  Definitely recommend to anyone.
5	My clothing dryer stopping blowing warm air yesterday.  Went on Yelp to look for recommendation and found PHX appliance repair.  Called them this morning and Vladimir was at my house by the end of the day (a very happy mom with 3 kids I was).  It was as I suspected, the heating element.   Vladimir followed up throughout the day letting me know his schedule as he had been delayed at other jobs.  He was willing to trust me to mail him a check tonight rather than pay a 3% fee to charge on a card.  Would very much recommend him...and I did to all of our employees!!
5	I called Vladimir after finding him on Yelp for a washing machine issue. The clutch was going out on it. Vladimir called me back with the price of the part, $375. I told him to get it and come on out. He made an appointment with me, was on time, looked at my washer, prepared to install the new part, and then saw that my motor was leaking grease from the bearings onto the clutch housing. He told me that it was an expensive fix, and that if he installed the new part, it would only last a few months and then I would be back where I started. I had him put it back together without the new part, and while he was there, he also looked at my dishwasher, and told me how to fix it myself for cheap, and told me my under the counter wine cooler would be very expensive to fix, and that I would be better off buying a new wine cooler while I was buying the new washer. He was honest, could have installed the part and charged me $500, but instead he charged me the service call and a small fee for lubricating the clutch while he had it out. We were very impressed with Vladimir after some of the "professionals" we have dealt with over the past several years. He's now on our speed-dial as our appliance repair guy.
5	I saw all the positive yelp reviews for Phoenix appliance and decided to give them a try. I needed my dryer repaired and they were able to come out the same day. Vladimir was incredibly friendly and fixed my dryer gave me advice on how to maintain it going forward. If I ever have any issues with any of my other appliances I will definitely be giving him a call again!
5	As all previous yelpers have stated...They saw the reviews, took a chance and it paid off. After being given a 1.5week window for repair on our dryer that went out, I panicked (freaked out) as I have a newborn and a toddler (Plus a husband and me) where laundry is 24/7 and I wouldn't have survived.  Called and got a same day appointment and Vladimir showed up and helped fix the dryer and gave me tips on what l needed to do. When we need anything fixed in the future as far as appliances, we will use him. Very nice man and honest. Highly recommend.
5	I have never written a review for anything...ever--I just mooch off of other's opinions and knowledge.  However, this morning I called Vlad to get my front load washing machine fixed and he diagnosed the problem over the phone.  According to him, it was "time to get a new washer".  He said it would be a waste of my time and money to have him come out and tell me the same thing.  What kind of repairman turns down free money?  I will keep his number handy if I never need anything else fixed.
3	The repairmen was lacking in experience. I had to point out a couple things that were unacceptable to me,that he would have let slide if I had not been standing there. When he was putting the unit back into place. They did respond quickly to my call
5	Vladimir was awesome!!!!  He returned my call within 30 minutes and arrived at our house promptly.  He was very thorough with his work and got the job completed in a very timely manner.  One of the most professional and genuine people I've ever dealt with.   THANK YOU, VLADIMIR!!
5	Vladimir is awesome.  We have a stacked washer dryer that is built in with cabinets surrounding the units.  He helped me remove the cabinets and heavy granite, completed the repair as stated, and left no mess.  Very easy to reach and work with.  I would highly recommend.
5	Vladimir lived up to his reputation! I called him on Wednesday evening near 7pm and left a message, thinking it would be the next day that I would get a return call.  In less than 5 minutes, Vladimir called me back and told me he'd be at my house between 8am-10am the next day.  That morning at 9am, the doorbell rang! He had my GE Monogram refrigerator fixed in less than an hour.  Really nice guy, too.  I would recommend him to anyone and I'll definitely use his services again!
5	Needed the door latch fixed on my 1999 Sharp Microwave that is built-in. Called at 8:00 pm and Vladimir called me back and was able to come out the next day. It took him about an hour to repair the door latch and get the interior light working. No need to replace any parts. Price was $125. If I need parts replaced in the future he can order them for me. Great experience. I'll call him first for any other appliances that need fixing.
5	I had a problem with a less than two-year old #Maytag. It took several tries to figure out what went wrong. Vlad never lost his temper and was always quick to return until we resolved the problem. I recommend him to my friends, and they are always happy with him, too. Thanks, Vlad!
5	Vladimir was very responsive and helpful. He identified the problem, gave us direction on how to prep for the repairs he needed to do, and came back the next morning to wrap up. He was on time, professional, and courteous. He even helped clean some of the unreachable parts in the fridge that needed some elbow grease.
5	We received outstanding service.  Our Maytag Washer was leaking, being new to town really had no idea who to call. After we Looked at the excellent reviews for Phoenix Appliance Services we decided to call. Vladimir was able to come the same day, he replaced the pump in the washer with ease.  It was a pleasure doing business with him! We will gladly recommend him to anyone we know.
5	Will definitely use Vladimir again.  I called in around 8am and he was able to come out by 10am to fix my fridge.  He explained what was wrong (learn something new everyday). He was very professional and super nice to talk to.Vladimir is an honest man.  Thanks Vladimir for saving my fridge.
5	Excellent service.  I called on a Sunday when my fridge stopped working.  He came our Monday morning and fixed the problem.  Vladimir was helpful, informative, and professional.  I would highly recommend.
5	Fabulous business.I called on Friday when my oven displayed an error code I spoke to Vladimir the owner.He said he would call me back to set appointment. He gave me a ball park price.He came on Monday morning, right on time, was very professional and his price was in the ballpark. Would use him again.
5	Vladimir saved our Thanksgiving when our refrigerator broke less than 48 hours before the big day!! Sears said they'd have to order a part, which didn't solve our problem of needing a fridge ASAP. We were ready to buy an entirely new refrigerator, but no one was able to do same-day delivery. Vladimir came to the rescue within an hour of our phone call the day before Thanksgiving. He had the necessary part on his truck, installed it in under 20 minutes AND charged much less than Sears was going to for the part alone!! Amazing.Vladimir is efficient, affordable and friendly. We are happy to have found such a convenient and reliable service and we will not hesitate to call him again for our appliance repairs!
5	Well..I was preparing for Thanksgiving.I thought I would clean the oven before I baked my free range fresh organic turkey.Big Mistake using the self cleaning device. It literally broke the thermastat.I called many places.Many couldn't get to the house until December..whatever..I needed help NOW.After many calls and many places asking for my credit card number before any service,my husband found Vladimir.He said,"This guy has a lot of reviews."So, long story short,Vladimir comes over as planned..communicatedly beautifully..very professional..He fixes the problem..Voila! I am back in the kitchen doing what I love..preparing a Traditional Thanksgiving  meal for those I love and am grateful for..Thanks Vlad..you saved the meal..many happy yelps!
5	Saturday after T-day our GE side by side went out, so we assumed the worst...probably the compressor. Called Vladimir and boy are we glad we found him on yelp!He arrived promptly, diagnosed the problem & replaced a ckt board, saving us at least $700 bucks, not including dining out all weekend. All the great tasting leftovers are still edible! Would not hesitate to call  Vladimir again for any appliance issue.
5	Vladimir is awesome. Showed up on time, fixed our washing machine quickly and it is now working perfectly. Very polite and professional. I highly recommend moment his repair service.
4	Got a fridge for the garage that was not cooling properly.  Left a request on yelp and vlad called me the next morning and was here within an hour.  It needed a small electrical part that was 350.00!   Seriously?  Well.......he was here and the reviews on here are good so I went ahead and had him fix it .  I think I could have got it done cheaper.......but I'm satisfied.  Ask for a discount.  He gave me 25.00 off but charges 3% more for paying with a credit card.
5	I'm sorry it has taken me so long to write my review, but better later than never, especially when I believe it would be a crime not to let other people know that there's someone you can trust when one of your appliances needs help.  We had a problem with our fridge (freezer part) and thanks to the good people of yelp, I found this place. Vladimir knew what the problem was even before he looked at it - just from my awkward explanation. He fixed it quickly and he was very reasonable on price. At least now we know the person we call when one of our appliances "gets sick". We got an impression that Vladimir is honest, very pleasant and hardworking which seems to be rare qualities nowadays and are very much appreciated. Thank you everybody who shared their experience and let the rest know about this place!
5	Vladimir came when he said he would, and he called when he was close. He worked quickly and was able to fix our pump without replacing it. This saved us money which we appreciated! So glad to have our dishwasher working again! Thank you! We would use again!
