4	Showmar's, like many of the restaurants in Charlotte, is owned by a Greek family and features American meets Greek food at their chain of locations.  Showmars does american greek better than the most, and they are typically quite busy, especially during lunch time.  I recommend the chicken fiesta pita if you want to go Greek, or the all-american pita burger if you want something less traditional.
4	Bad experiences at places like Ryan's kept me from trying Showmars. But I finally gave in because I found out they serve gyros.  And I hadn't had a gyro since leaving Chicago many moons ago.  To my surprise Showmars' gyros are really good!  Not gourmet or authentic by any means.  Let's just say most Greek restaurants don't griddle their pitas in butter.  But it's cheap, fast, quality diner food. Definitely greasy and if you order too many sides or dessert they'll have to roll you out on a gurney.  But for what it is, I'm a fan.  The crowd is pretty hip too.
4	So I walk into Shomars and observe that there are two registers with two opposite personalities. In one register, jolly man. Behind the other register, grumpy man. As fate would have it, my order was taken by grumpy man. He was in a hurry, barking inquiries. It's fascinating because I think he might be one of the owners. "No Hummus!" he barked at my question. Got it! Moving right along. The no hummus retort made me think the gyros might be boring, so I went with the All-American Pita Burger. The Pita Burger was a delightful choice, served in pita bread with three thin patties, yellow-American cheese, lettuce and tomato. It hit the spot and is pretty unique to me. First All-American Pita Burger I've had at least. I'm craving one just writing about it!Anyway--check Mr. Grumpy's out!
4	Shomars has some unique takes on Mediterranean food here. When I walked in a patron said, "The pita burgers are the bomb!" I ordered the original after trying to decide between two different varieties. The meal comes with fries and a drink and I think I paid about $12 for my meal and my BF's. He ordered a fish sandwich which he also enjoyed. The customer service is great here. I almost forgot my change and the cashier reminded me just as I was walking away. They walk over to your table to take your drink order and they're not shy about bringing more. The cups are huge though so I'm not sure if you'd want any more than one cup of a soda, lemonade or sweet tea. Overall, I'd definitely go here again - it's really unique and tasty too.
4	I lived in Charlotte for three years before trying Showmars b/c I was under the impression that it was ghetto but I was so wrong. They have great specials each day and you really can't beat their chicken salad pita or gyro (better than some that I had at Speed Street this past yr). Service is quick and you get your food almost right away, which is a huge plus in my book. Great value!
3	lara's review!many years ago, when my husband and i failed to make valentine's day reservations, we ended up at showmars after trying to eat at several nearby restaurants with 90+ minute waits.  for the past eight years, going to showmars on valentine's day has been our tradition . . . and we love it.i have to admit, we don't go to showmars much during other times of the year (mostly because we don't go out to eat all that often with two small children), but every time we do go to showmars, we think . . . we should come here more often.  the food is extremely well-priced and very tasty, and the service is fast.  tonight, i got a grilled chicken pita with extra tzatziki sauce, a side of fried squash, a glass of pinot grigio, and a hot fudge sundae.  my husband got the 4 veggie plate and a glass of wine.  we also got 2 kids meals and drinks, and another hot fudge sundae for them to share.  the total price tag:  $40 . . . and still a mere $48, with tip.  not too shabby for 4 meals, 2 glasses of wine, and 2 desserts.my grilled chicken pita included two large pieces of chargrilled chicken breasts (spicy, but not too spicy), lettuce, hold the tomato, and a lot of tzatziki sauce.  the pita bread was buttery and crispy on the edges, but soft in the center . . . and it was perfectly proportioned to the chicken.  i'm not a fan of either the meat or the bread being too big for the other.  the fried squash was divine; crispy, hot, and a little salty (but rarely do i meet a piece of fried squash that i don't like).  the hot fudge sundae was simple, but really good -- two scoops of vanilla ice cream, thick hot fudge, a large serving of whipped cream, sprinkles, and a cherry on top.  the wine was good, but not great; although, i'm sort of a wine snob, and at $3.95 a glass, i really can't complain.  it was good enough.if you haven't ventured to showmars, you really should.  it's cheap eats, but it's also fresh and well-prepared.  showmars has specials every night, so there are a lot of different options.  i've never had a bad meal there, and, if you want to join me sometime, you know where i'll be on feburary 14, 2012.
2	2.5 stars. Am I missing something? I just don't see why people give this place 4 or 5 stars. I have eaten here only twice - admittedly the first was long ago so I decided to give it another shot in hopes that it was better than the first.I went with a Gyro combo with french fries for about $8. This is pretty average cost for a lunch sandwich - I'm not sure how the lady was able to have wine and dessert and dinner for 4 at $40 ... but maybe mine was a pricier item? who knows...Let me preface by saying I went after a fast since I had blood work done that morning. By the time I ordered I was very hungry and honestly most edible things would have tasted great - but sadly I still found the food quality was a little lacking here. Loved the pita bread but there was basically just a ton of meat and sauce with very little onion and tomato. I like my gyros with feta cheese, cucumbers and all the great toppings ..this just didn't cut it. The tzatziki was herbless and tasted almost like they add a thickener rather than using simple greek yogurt. The fries were crinkle cut cafeteria-style and while crispy they lacked any real flavor. +1 star for good pita bread+1 star for astonishingly fast service Unfortunately Showmars wont be my go-to Greek place
2	I don't know how Greek food could be made to be bland but uh, Shomars has managed to do it! Sure, the place was clean, service nice but the food was just food and by NC standards expensive! So, no we will not be returning.
3	Any time we're in Charlotte on this side of town, we stop in to eat at this Showmars. The original in Charlotte, step inside and its like going back in time with the retro interior, which is cool.I always get the same thing, the roasted Grecian chicken. Now, I'm not Greek, never been to Greece, so I can't say if its authentic or not, but I can tell you it's some of the best damn chicken I have ever eaten! Moist, tender and juicy inside, with a nice crispy skin and those Greek spices, YUM! Sides range from good to very good, depending on what you get. If love good bleu cheese dressing as I do, you won't find it here ( a little thin, and lacking flavor like cheap bottled dressing).I wanted to rate this Showmars higher, but can't because of the service. The service at this location has never been that good. The waitresses are friendly enough, but seem scatter brained like they have to much going on even though it was not that busy at the time we ate there last night. Had to ask for refills, brought my Mom's coffee, no cream, had to ask twice to get it, and never brought the take out box my Mom ask for. The time before that my wife and I had to listen to the waitress complain about how long she had been there that day and how tired she was.My wife and I both love the roasted Grecian chicken, but the service at this location leaves a lot to be desired.
4	This particular Showmars is always extremely busy, but their staff are more than capable with handling everyone. You might think the cashiers are on the less-friendly side, but they're fast and efficient. I get aggravated at times that they seem to share taking the carryout orders by phone and I wish one person was given this particular duty. The gals running around the dining-room are always quick to give you a refill on your drink or to take your empty plates away. We're always at a loss on whether or not to leave a tip. (I always leave at least a buck.)  It's that old argument that some people believe that you don't tip if you order at the counter or if you're at a buffet.The food is always hot and fresh and arrives in a timely fashion, but it can be hit and miss for me at times. The main part of the entrees themselves are usually the best (gyros, pita burgers/sandwiches, flounder, etc.) but the sides are what are usually lackluster. Fries are of the so-so, frozen, crinkle-cut variety. Any of the veggies taste like they're either bag-frozen or from the can.  They don't seem to complement the main part of the dish.This particular location could use a makeover. It's starting to look like a dingy diner compared to their other locations. The parking lot, though somewhat small for the crowds, needs to have the lines repainted larger/wider so you can avoid door dings, (the spaces are too tight), so there would be a loss at the amount of spaces in the lot.Your pal,Walter
3	The service was great, Kim did an excellent job.  She kept all 10 of us happy!!  My food was good.
1	Apparently you have to be a regular customer so the staff will work on your to go order first.  I was in line waiting to give my order when regular customer so in so walked in the door and the cashier says hi mr so in so, let me get your order and let you pay ahead of everyone else already here.  Order took way to long after to receive too.  Never again.
3	I had the Gyro salad in a shell. The salad itself was great. Wasn't a fan of the shell. I would come back for the salad and to try the fish. My friends swear by the place which i dont get but I am willing to try again. My friend had the chicken pita with onion rings. She wasnt a fan of either. The onion rings are pretty bland (or maybe Ive just had much better onion rings).
5	My favorite location out of all the Showmar's I have ever been. I lived in Charlotte for about 6 months and I would come here once a week for a lunch date with a good friend. The service is great, the employees are competent and very friendly. The food comes out quicker than anticipated and the food is very good. I always would get the Gyro sandwich & the meat is very flavorful and the tzatziki sauce is on point. The only suggestion I would make is the seating, during peak hours it's hard to find some spots. Overall, one of my favorite spots in the DIlworth area.
5	So far the best Showmars of them all!!!!So great to be able to choose items on the healthier side!! I always get the lg Greek salad with chicken!!! No shell add pita breadthe manager Sam is such a sweetheart but its rare to catch him because he's always so busy in the back making sure the food comes out quickly my daughter has severe food allergies and he assured me that the food was going to be safe because he personally took the time to cook her meal! If that's not amazing service I don't know what is Thanks Sam!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I was greeted as soon as i came in. My order came fast and tasted ok, even though who knows how real Greek food tastes, they know its not how showmars tastes.
4	I've been in Charlotte for 10mo. and I've recently decided to try this place-  I've been here twice now for lunch!  both times had the chicken pita,  which is very tasty- my favorite! My bf always gets the Gyro, which also taste great! Definitely will be back again, the prices are pretty reasonable, and its a quick meal you can order to go.
3	Of the two south Charlotte locations (the other in Southpark mall) go to this one at least your food will be hot and fresh but I must warn you of the grease level here as with ALL showmars I have ever been to this one is no exemption
3	Neat diner style restaurant. Kim at the register is a fixture. I am not sure I've ever been there when she is not there. Quite a few great choices. I like the grilled chicken chef without the shell but the lettuce is mostly iceberg and white. The pita bread on the side is tasty. The Super C burger is really good too.
1	Warning to anyone who is conscious of what they put in their body.  I went to Showmars and did my best to select a "healthy" option.   I thought, "The grilled chicken pita and a small greek salad can't be that bad."  After eating, however, I felt completely parched and uncomfortable for the rest of the day.  I checked the nutrition facts on Showmars' own website when I got home that night and realized why.  My "healthy" chicken pita had 1918mg of sodium, and my greek salad had almost 2000!!  That is over TWICE the daily amount the CDC recommends for a whole day.  I feel betrayed.  Everyone knows a hamburger is not the healthiest option, but when you order a grilled chicken and a side salad you don't expect that level of unhealthiness.  While I applaud Showmars for having the nutrition on their site, I think there should be some kind of WARNING for anything that has over 1500mg of sodium, especially when the average customer would never suspect.  It's just irresponsible and shows a complete disregard for the health of their customers.http://showmars.com/menu/Showmars-Nutritional-Information.pdf
3	I am a fan of Showmars. Mostly because they have the BEST calabash shrimp. I normally skate by ordering the shrimp off the kids menu. This location is the only one that put 2 hush puppies with the kids meal (this "puppy" very much appreciate that). In the evening this place confuses me a little... instead of going up and order the food, the "hostess" (whoever isn't doing whatever else) will sit you and someone will take your oder. It's more "full service" I suppose, but cmon, I didn't come to Showmars for a dining experience. I much rather just to order my food at the counter and just bring it to me. Sometimes it takes forever to get a seat and another forever to order. If I want to wait forever x2 I will just go to a real sit-down restaurant.BUT regardless, I will always be a fan of their shrimp. I promise you it's good.
1	I wanted to wait before writing my review after eating at this showmars location. I thought that the portion size was EXTREMELY small for a $12 and in comparison to other locations, but I wanted to be absolutely certain. After visiting another one today I can't believe the difference, I now feel ripped off even more and I've included pics to show why. The top is the calabash platter from the East Blvd location and the bottom is the Calabash platter from the N Tryon. In each photo I've removed everything from under the shrimp and in the bottom I've eaten maybe 7 from the platter. In the top I've eaten two. Needless to say I'll never visit this location again!
