3	I was here on its 3rd night being open.  We had intended to go to Solstice and then noticed this place so decided to give it a shot.  The bar definitely had an unfinished feel to it and you could only see small touches of why they are calling it Sin City.  The crowd was diverse and people seemed to be coming and going often.  Beers were reasonable, though nothing on draft yet, but that could have changed since then.  I don't like that there is just one bathroom for each sex, I hate waiting on line at a bar to use the loo and if this place gets crowded it will def be a problem.  But overall I would say its a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
2	How strange is this place? Very.Has an empty, half-finished feel, despite being a month old or so. They sure have their priorities straight, tho: dripping with TVs, every angle, every corner. Chimay's on tap here, but it's 7 bucks, so most are ordering the 2 dolla Bud Lights. And poking at the non-functional slot machines. And making jokes about the mirrored trays, snort snort. Service was a tad icy, but efficient. No idea who the imagined patrons are - some Vegas ex-pat in need of a good beer while basking in the lights of the slots? Whitecaps on game night? Mysterious.
5	We went to Sin City for the 1st time on New Years, I really had a great time!The band blew the roof off the place. We had a blast, we'll definitely be going back soon.-jb
3	Nice bar to booze, meet a morally loose woman and laugh at white dudes singing Eminem karaoke. No food so eat first, but the karaoke on Saturday night is NOT TO BE MISSED. Even if you don't sing, sit back and admire the mixture of white guilt and loss of cultural identity sing country and hip hop hits.
1	Sin City?...that's a stretch. I wandered in here after eating at a nearby restaurant ( b/c Growlers was dead) and I should have wandered right back out. When you think of Sin City then you might imagine Vegas or if you're me.. Frank Miller. This bar brought neither. It is the same as any other bar but with a few posters up on the walls that depicted Vegas or something like that. When we walked in they were having a Porn Trivia night....ok?. After that uninteresting event was over, the next equally unpleasant live music started. If the name of the bar wasn't named Sin City then you wouldn't think it any different than any other boring bar. On to the beer: they have your regular domestics and I can't speak of any specialty beers as they didn't have a beer list or offer any information. The bar staff seemed like they'd rather be elsewhere (and I don't blame them). This bar reminded me of the horrible University area bars that I drive by on the way to better ones. One thing I will say is that the bartender did change one of the 5 TV's when I asked him to. If you catch yourself strolling the streets of NoDa looking for a place to grab a beer and walk by Sin City, then keep walking...or just go home. Trust me you will have a better time.
3	I stopped in @ Sin City on a Friday and was pleasantly surprised by the beer and liquor specials available. There were plenty of t.v's around and the live band was pretty good.  Younger crowd and quick bar staff. The only drawbacks are its size, and the fact that it's hard to get to the bar area. Other then that it was just a good all around bar good for a few drinks.
4	After reading the other reviews, I felt like this was a perfect time to chime in for the first time on Yelp. I think they have gotten an unfair rap from the other posters.I stopped in to catch Carolina play Marquette on Friday, and had a great time. The place is plastered with awesome TV's, and to top it off had live music which made for a great atmosphere for watching the game.After the game we walked down to Solstice, which was drab and lifeless in comparison. So we left and ended up back at Sin City.I have a feeling that some of the other reviewers are probably stuck on a granola vibe for their hangouts, and this place is definitely not a hippie bar. I guess some people may feel that is a slap in the face to a neighborhood like NoDa, which is predominately an artsy crowd.I feel that is welcome addition that allows a whole other group of people enjoy a part of the city that has great charm. When I want to watch a game, I want 2 things. An awesome TV and beer. This place has the awesome TV overload that you get from places like Tacomac, without the overpriced beer. (And $7 for Chimay on tap is AMAZING, try going to Tacomac and getting one, they are like $12-$14 there.)The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars was the awful wait for the bathroom.
3	Bad hair pieces, rednecks, vampires and more men with neck tattoos than I've ever seen in my life, yep, this place sports a crowd that Vegas would be proud of (sadly didn't see any fannie packs) I was expecting this place to be huge due to the name but it's a little hole in the wall spot but pretty spacious for that. Diggin the old town Vegas artwork on the walls and karaoke is always a good time. I heard they have a pretty good karaoke crowd and I expected there to be a bigger area to sing but turns out that area is just in a corner when you walk in. Seems like this place had good drink specials throughout the whole week---all drinks are half off on Sundays if I remember correctly. I'm still conflicted on my thoughts about this place, I think I would have to have a few beers (read: six) in me already to hit this place up on a Saturday night but I'm willing to take a gamble on it again.
5	Pretty sure this place is closing soon, but re-opening in a differnt location?  I am sad about that, because NODA is an amazing area, but the people at this bar make you feel like you are part of the family...a dysfunctional one but family.  Great drink specials, gong karaoke, live music and the best bartenders in town!
5	So glad to learn the bar is still here just a shift in ownership! Great events here like live music, karaoke, and even a Comedy night on Mondays! I love the frozen drinks and $1.50 well drinks during the week ...can't beat that.  Still has a Noda vibe - kind of hipster and trendy crowd but not so stuck up.
