5	First of all I do NOT like gravy...in all my 38 yrs...even as an infant...spit it out kinda dislike...this gravy for the chicken....OMG...eyes in the back of your head toes curling slap your grandma friggin fantastic!!!  The rub for the meat....WOW...and the greens and peas and stp.stop.stop the bus...the mac and cheese would make you do terrible things to get a serving...and Carey who does the ribs...good golly...and then there's Kevin...what a man...ask him his story while they serve you...humble wonderful staff and perfection on a ate.
5	Finally made it to granny's a few nights ago and it was worth the wait. Being from the south I love soul food. I must agree with others the service was 5 stars. Very friendly and just nice people. Now to the food. I was very happy to find out they make everything in house. No pre made sides. The catfish was my favorite, porkchops where battered and seasoned perfect, the fried chicken was good just a little dry but tasted great, the smoked ribs had a great sweet sauce and nice kick from his house made rub. The portions are big but please leave room for peach cobbler. It was so close to my grandmother's I should of ordered more. Really good food and great service what more could you ask for!
5	Two thumbs up on the fried chicken. Tasty.  Not greasy.  And I'm on my second helping of grits. They make 'em GOOD here!!  Staff an owners are very friendly!!!  Look for Kim, she is amazing as is the owner Carey & his wife Shauna!!!  We WILL be back!!Carey was kind enough to bring us out some rib tips try. He makes his own rub and serves with sauce for you to decide. Great idea!  Tip - if you order the fried chicken - they make it to order. It will not be ready in 5 minutes (closer to 20) but is wort the wait!!
5	We made our 2nd trip to Granny's last night. I didnt think it was possible but even better than the 1st visit. The best soul food and southern hospitality in Las Vegas by far. We had great catfish again, pork chops cooked seasoned and cooked perfect, baked chicken had tons of flavor. Finished with great peach cobbler. Thank you Granny's for a little taste of home.
1	I was so excited to find Granny's and took my daughter there for breakfast, had the biscuits and gravy that were to be "eyes roll back into your head good" NOT!! I am from NC and I have never tasted anything as bad.. we didn't even finish one.  Then I thought well maybe it wasn't fair to say suck a thing.. So on my way home from work I called and ordered carry out.. Cabbage, Greens, Sweet Potatoes, and Red Velvet Cake all of my favorites... Well, I have to say I threw them all down the drain.. The cabbage had no taste, the greens were so bitter you couldn't eat them, the sweet potatoes weren't as bad but the cloves, cinnamon was way to heavy, I love cake as anyone who knows me will tell you. But the cake was dry it was crusted like it was a few days old. I hate to say it but I will Not be going back even though I love SOUL FOOD this is not worth the trip and it is less than 3 miles..
1	Went to this restaurant when it first opened.  Now it is a bit of a let down. The place is falling down on it housekeeping, the floors when you first walked in were filthy look like they hadn't been mopped in weeks. The Coup De Gr-as what is the female bathroom, there was feces on the toilet seat the floors were filthy the trash needed to be emptied. Totally lost my appetite. I will be making a call to the Health Department on Monday! I will never return here again, because if this is the way the place is being kept I do not want to see the kitchen.
5	If you haven't tried thsi place, you are really missing some good food.  Cooks who know how to cook southern style and do a superb job of it!
1	[Review is for the food truck--the restaurant is now closed]:Granny's Kitchen Soul Food truck offers customers a friendly greeting, a helpful staff, but bland food.Granny's seems to be offering soul food cooked a little healthier than traditional methods (greens cooked in broths and not pork fat).  Long term, my heart will be thankful for the healthy efforts of Granny's Kitchen.  Short term, the food was bland.  The Catfish is was flavorless frozen fish in a bland cornmeal breading.  The fish came out tough, not tender and I had to douse the dish in hot sauce to make it edible.  The side dish of beans was similarly bad.  The beans were super-sugary with some ground beef mixed in, but all I could taste was sweetener.  The beans and beef were drowned out.That said, the cook and customer service were really friendly.  While I was there they went out of their way to help several customers work their way through the menu and made recommendations for folks wanting to try out soul food for the first time.  I commend them for the friendliness, but just can't stand behind the food.
