5	What can i say. Its Wendys. But when i pull up to the Drive thru and the Guy on the other end says Welcome to Wendys We are better than Mc Donalds thats always a good thing. And I love the new Menu option with half a Salad and then you pick out of other things. I had a frosty. The BLT Cobb salad was delicious with no dressing on it. And they kept the drive thru moving.
4	I am a longterm customer of this Wendy's location. The employees are friendly and the food is fairly constant. They take care of their regulars.For the most part the dining room is clean. Occasionally, when they are busy, the dining room gets a little messy, but not bad.Overall, this is a nice Wendy's to visit.
4	I'd never thought I'd find myself rating a Wendy's, but the employees here aren't your typical glazed over, fast food workers. They're.....friendly. So much so, that when I need my fast food fix in the area, I will almost always choose this Wendy's.The recent changes to the menu are fine by me, but the employees here make drive thru stops quick and painless. What can I say? This Wendy's is a winner!
4	Friendly and fast service. Always got my order right!
2	The staff was nice but didn't listen when our order was taken and some of the order was messed up. Some of the customers were very loud and ghetto. The tables could be cleaned better! I didn't want to go into the bathroom.
4	Though Wendy's isn't my go-to fast food spot, I always enjoy ordering from there. I almost never change my order there, haha. I always get a Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger, value cut fries, 4 piece crispy chicken nuggets (with BBQ sauce), and a chocolate frosty. This meal is so cheap, it's crazy, but it really hits the spot. I personally like their chicken nuggets better than McDonald's.Recently I started ordering the strawberry lemonade, which is quite tasty!I noticed they now offer a caramel frosty? I haven't tried it yet, but it sounds delish! I may have to try it next time I visit.Oh, I also noticed that this location is open very late now! I can't remember the exact times, but I believe they are open until at least 1 am everyday. I think the latest they stay open is until 2 am! Yaaaay!
