3	Luna is a great store to browse through - everything I came across I picked up to look at and I found several things I liked. They had great dresses, and I particularly liked their jewelry. In the back they had a sale section with some great dresses and tops. Only thing about this place is that the girls don't seem to be interested in helping anyone or saying hello. I didn't mind so much because I'd rather browse alone, but they didn't seem very attentive.
3	Cute store. For me it's hit or miss- sometimes I find a ton of great things, other times nothing. I mostly go there to get long-sleeved tops. They almost always have good cocktail/party dresses, jeans and scarves. The staff was once pretty unfriendly, but new people have come in and it's better.
3	My girlfriend dragged me here recently, so I'm gonna do my best not to rag on Luna simply because it's not really a store for me. In fact, I don't think they sell any men's clothing, so if you're a guy and not being taken here by your significant other, there's no need to check it out. Obviously, I had no say in the matter. You know what? The Luna experience really wasn't that bad. There was plenty of seating for those who weren't shopping (myself and some other men in similar situations), and the employees were young, female, and cute. As for the clothes, they have some cool stuff--from nice jeans to fancier/trendier dresses and the like. My girlfriend was definitely a big fan, and she's got really good taste as far as I can tell. Some nice gear here--seems like women from 18-40 could find good stuff here for a night on the town or for work.
4	Good low to high price selection of cute clothes. The items on the lower end of the spectrum seem to have been vetted for quality (clothes more than jewelry). The sales associates I spoke with were very friendly, down to earth and willing to help. Will make a trip to Luna again whenever I'm back in town.
3	Luna has a fantastic array of clothing. But, oh my goodness most of the pieces are  unreasonably priced. It is outrageous. I have purchased a few items. Most have been end of season sale items. I did purchase a beautiful sweater for $125 which I absolutely love but that was an unusually high priced purchase for me. If you have the dough to spend, you will be the highlight of the evening in a Luna's outfit.
2	Luna held a sale in the Parkroad shopping center last week and I think it is even going through this week.  They are calling it "Luna Rack" as they basically took a big bite off of Nordstrom Rack.  Anyway, the truth of the matter is that it should be called Luna Wack because that pretty much describes the scene.  They are mostly offering tank and tube tops for $60 and calling it a deal.  The quality of the clothing was pathetic and most of the items were ugly.  I know it is like shopping a sale rack but still..There were a couple cute summer dresses but everything else was hideous and still overpriced.  It would be a great place for a teeny bopper looking for some type of club clothes...otherwise, don't bother.
4	Luna has a lot of cute clothes! They seem to run out of smaller sizes quickly though. They once made an error with one of my online orders and they resolved it which I appreciated. The store is always well staffed and the staff is helpful and friendly.
