5	Scottsdale Children Group is the best in town!  They truly care about their patients. We have been here quite a few times(unfortunately) and they are professional. Dr. Lichtsinn is our doctor and she is great at what she does. I recommend this practice anyone looking for a great pediatrician. They have two locations in town and all their doctors have been awarded "best doctors", "top doctors-ranking az, "America's top pedetricans", etc.- Im sure you get the point:)
5	We recently moved to Phoenix and I was so nervous about finding the right pediatrician for our kids.  As some background, I come from an extremely coddled pediatric environment where 2 of my best friends that lived within a mile of my house were our pediatricians.  Upon first moving to Phoenix,  I chose Camelback Pediatrics because it was the closest to our house.  I went there a few times and was never satisfied.  The doctors were nice and intelligent but I was never happy with the staff and the way my kids were treated.  Camelback Peds did not have a kid friendly environment (i.e. Colors on the wall, toys, kids books, tv, etc) and it's a Pediatricians office!  A friend recommended Scottsdale Pediatric Group so I tried it.  When entering the office, I knew it was the right place.  The front office ladies were so kind, a cartoon was playing in the lobby, books were available for the kids to look, there were colorful walls, etc.  The awesome customer service continued when we went to the exam room.  The nurse was friendly, Dr. Garrett was amazing, our son got a free book and stickers, shots were quick and delicate,  I could go on and on.  Thanks for making me feel comfortable in your environment!  I'm so happy we found you!
5	Being the procrastinator I am, I needed to find a good pediatrician quickly after I gave birth to my daughter two weeks early.  After a little research, I settled on Dr. Garrett at Scottsdale Children's Group.  I'm extremely satisfied with my choice.The office staff is super-friendly and set up an appointment for my daughter two days after I initially called (I called Saturday from the hospital; I got an appt, on Monday).  When we arrived, there was a short wait time before we were called into the room.  Don't worry if you need any extra diapers or wipes; the rooms are well-stocked--nice when your baby decides to poop all over the table.  The medical assistants were friendly and even gave me extra time to nurse my daughter in the room after the appointment.Dr. Garrett is wonderful.  When I told her that breastfeeding was off to a rocky start, she scheduled a follow-up appt. with me later in the week to see if the situation improved.  It did, thanks in part to her suggestions.  She is friendly and down-to-earth, unlike some doctors I've dealt with in the past.I have to move to Tucson soon and am sad to have to leave Dr. Garrett.  I would highly recommend her to any parents looking for a good pediatrician.
5	Dr. Garrett at SCP is in 1 word - AMAZING!!When I was on the hunt for a pediatrician for Baby C while I was still pregnant, I asked a few of my fellow colleagues where they take/have taken their kids.  A lot of them mentioned SCP (both the Shea and Osborn locations).  I gave them a call and let them know I was still pregnant, but was looking for a ped for my son when he arrived.  I had questions - they happily answered!  I had a feeling this was going to be a good match.So fast forward to Baby C's birth.  I knew from the moment I learned I was pregnant that I wanted to breastfeed.  Our first official day at the birthing suites, in the couplet rooms, on the night shift..I had a nurse from HELL.  From manhandling me and Baby C, to belittling my efforts and pushing formula.  At 6am, I snapped.  I literally lost my shit and went a little nuts, crying hysterically and hyperventilating after the Demon Nurse did her final check on us and got her last rude comment in before she left.  Dr. Garrett walked in a minute later.  She calmed me down, told me that my body knew what to do (and I needed to trust that and myself), and then proceeded to go report the nurse to the nursing supervisor.  From that moment - I knew Dr. Garrett had not only Baby C's best interest but mine (and my parenting plan/wishes) as well.  A match made in baby heaven!Now, unfortunately Baby C suffers from a few respiratory ailments.  The handful of times I've taken him in, Dr. Garrett is pleased with how my treatment has gone thus far (giving breathing treatments, etc) and she basically trusts my judgment (i have my own resp issues, so I know the drill).  Baby C has dodged the hospital admission bullet a few times - because we can get a handle on his breathing and she knows that I'm on the ball with his treatment.  But she knows that if I bring him in to be seen, there's a problem.  OH - She's also not one of those Drs that will just throw antibiotics at the problem.  Not if antibiotics aren't truly warranted.  She in fact isn't the kinda Dr to prescribe meds just to appease the patients parents.  I know a few parents like that...demanding antibiotics for a basic virus that antibiotics wont do squat for (but help with the problem of antibiotic resistant super-bugs).   Oh and the office staff - from the front desk to the nurses are wonderful too!.  OH and Mary Beth is an excellent NP!!  We've seen her a few times when we couldn't get in to see Dr. Garrett. I can and will shout it from the mountain tops - I love this Peds Office and Dr. Garrett!!  :D
1	would never suggest this office...EVER! Sat there for 3 hours with my new born in a dirty waiting room. First and last time I went here!
1	My daughter, Kate, has been a patient of Dr. Anne Garrett of Scottsdale Children's Group since she was born September 11, 2013.  As a family, we were insured under Cigna through the company I worked for.  After giving birth to Kate, I decided not to return back to work after my maternity leave so I could be a stay-at-home mom.  The last day of my work was January 3, 2014.  I was under the assumption that I was covered under Cigna through the end of January 2014, as this is what my company had informed me. January 14,2014 was Kate's scheduled 4-month well-check, where she would get her 4-month shots (HIB, DTAP,INADM, Pneumococcal and Rotavirus).  When we checked in, I was asked if our insurance was still through Cigna and I told them it was.I received a statement in the mail March 28, 2014 from Scottsdale Children's Group for Kate's 4-month well-check visit in the amount of $778.44 -statement date March 26th.  Apparently, when they submitted the claim to Cigna, it was denied as it said my coverage ended 12/31/13.  Again, I believed coverage was good through the end of January.  I called Scottsdale Children's Group billing department, April 8, 2014 to inquire about this and see if there was anything they could do to help with the expense as this amount was out of our budget.  Sylvia in billing told me they could give me a 20% discount, which would take $156.60 off the total cost OR they could set up a payment plan.  I told them I would get back to them.  On April 10, 2014, I called their office to find out what the no-insurance rate would be for a 4 month well-check visit.  Jennifer in scheduling told me the cost was $177 for the visit and $85.32 for all vaccines, totaling $262.32.  When you look at the "self-pay" price vs. the insured amount of each vaccine (totaling $640) on the bill, it is astronomically different.  So, I called Sylvia back on April 14, 2014 to let her know my findings and told her we would be willing to pay the self-pay rate of $262.32 today as I was not insured and have this settled.  She went on to inform me this was not an option as when I came in, they were giving us the insured rate of $778.  The $262.32 is the State's rate and if I would have told her I was uninsured at the time of visit, we would have received that rate.  Again, I was unaware we were not covered by Cigna at this time.  So, basically, they are telling me there are two different rates:  1) State's self-pay rate and 2) Insurance rate - difference $360.  This is CRAZY!!!  Why even be insured?Sylvia and I were not coming to an agreement as they were not willing to accept the $262.32, which we were willing to pay that day and I was not accepting the $621.84 discounted price they were giving me.  That is a $360 difference in price and with only one income this really wasn't feasible for us.  She told me my options were to a) pay the $621.84 b) set up a payment plan or c) she could send this to Dr. Garrett to review.  I told her I'd like for Dr. Garrett to review and to let her know we would like to pay the $262.32 today to get this resolved.  I was waiting for a response from their office and never received one, so I followed up the morning of April 22, 2014 and spoke to Sylvia's manager, Esther.  She informed me that Dr. Garrett withdrew us from her practice and sent my statement to collections.  I told Esther this was the first I'd heard about this and asked why hadn't someone called me to inform me this is what was going to happen.  She said a letter was sent out on April 18, 2014.  This is absolutely absurd and bad business practice!  I told her it hadn't even been 30-days since the statement date and you are already sending this to collections!  I had been waiting for a call back from their office on Dr. Garrett's response and I'm the one that has to follow up.It seems crazy that if you are uninsured, you get better rates by triple the amount than if you are insured.  I would not recommend this practice.
2	The doctor's have lots of credentials, but our doctor didn't have great bedside manner. Never once did our doctor try to get to know our daughter. We felt like we were just another paying customer, get in, get out.There use to be a young lady that worked in the front office that was friendly, but she is no longer there. Other than her, the nurse assistant was always friendly and another lady that works in billing that is always smiling and friendly, but out of all of them that is it. They all appear to hate their job.We took our daughter in because she was sick and they ran a strep test on her and told us that we would get our results in 2 days. They charged us at the end of the visit and said that they would call with the results. One week later and still nothing. We called and they said that they were going to figure out what happened with the results.Needless to say, we will definitely not be going back.
5	Dr. Garrett as well as all doctors of SCP are great. Not only do they know their stuff, but they are incredible with the kids AND the parents. Concerns are taken seriously and Dr. Garrett has a great way to guide while leaving decisions up to the parents if there are options. She is a true supporter of the parents kid relationship and always has the family's best interests in mind. In addition, the staff is professional and super friendly. Couldn't ask for a better peds practice!
