5	If you know TJ's then you know what's here.  Good produce, great cheeses, cheap wine, lots of prepared foods, and fresh breads.I have to admit that I discover great new products every time I shop here.  This time it was Flourless Chocolate Walnut cookies -- almost like the best crunchy brownie you have ever eaten.  Then there is the Mini Soft Biscotti.  I am a BIG fan of their Swiss Almond Cookies, but these are for biscotti lovers.  Great for dunking or just eating with a hot drink.
4	Oh, la la! I was aimlessly driving around Henderson, looking for a place to get some good lunch eats - each strip mall I passed featured some sort of random chain restaurant. I was about to settle on Taco Bell when I saw an oasis in the desert - Trader Joe's!This just opened recently, so it had the "new car smell." It was clean, had wide aisles and all the fabulous products! And best of all, it wasn't crowded like the SF locations!I went to their ready made sandwich section, there were a few veggie options - I settled on the PB&J sandwich lunch bag for $3.49. This is the first time I've ever seen this kind of offering, and it was good. You get a 1/2 PB&J sandwich, a little bag of cut green apples, a little bag of 100 calorie cookies, string cheese and small bottle of water. The sandwich was by no means the best - the bread was a little dry and the PB&J fillings were strangely stiff in texture, but the thought of having the other tasty treats in the bag kept me going.For $3.49, I think this was a great deal. I'm hoping I can find it when I go back home to SF...
5	i love, love...love tj's!!!  really!  whole foods is a wonderland of great wholesome food...but far too expensive.  when i visit normal chain groceries stores, i'm always weary to try out new or generic brands.  but at trader joe's i don't have that fear.  everything i have ever bought there has been yummy and inexpensive.try out the popped potatoe chips.  they're cooked in a pressure cooker and taste even better than your typical fried chip.  the people that work at the tj's on green valley are much friendlier though.  they're nice at this one...but just not as personable as the ones on gv.
4	It's the only place to purchase my eggs.  Perhaps, being brought up in HI and eating mostly fresh foods was close to the taste.
4	Everyone at Trader Joe's are really friendly and always willing to help you with what you're looking for.  The fruits and vegetables are always fresh and they have a great selection of premade desserts.  The creme brulee is awesome and pretty cheap considering how yummy it is.
5	Its no whole foods but i love joe's...
5	Trader Joes is the Best!    For being such a small store, they really have an amazing variety.  If you like great customer service, this is the place for you. Everyone is very friendly and personable.
5	By far the best grocery store.  It definitely is my first choice whenever I need to do any shopping, since it's both cheap *and* high quality.  You can get organic foods here, as well as all natural cleaning and personal care products at very low prices.  They have a large selection of fresh herbs and vegetables, as well.  All the staff is friendly and helpful, and after a while, they'll remember you and you'll feel like part of a family.The only drawback here is the size.  It just doesn't have the selection of a huge store like Wal-mart or Whole Foods.  Sometimes I find myself buying most things at TJ's, and then going to Whole Foods for the 1 item that TJ's doesn't sell.  Another drawback is that sometimes they do run out of things, also a symptom of their size.  If they were any bigger, though, they'd probably have to buy more product and hire more staff, which means higher prices.  All-in-all, the vast majority of my food and household products are from Trader Joe's, and one or two specialty items are all I get at other places, where I usually have to buy in huge sizes so I don't have to come back as often.  Give it a shot!
4	I love coming into this Trader Joe's.  A great benefit is that it's the closest location to my house...plus.  It's a newer store so it's clean and well marked throughout the location.  It happens to be compact, but spacious enough to navigate and move around very freely.  All the great Trader Joe brands and quality food.  A+ establishment.
5	Trader Joe's is like the happy medium between Mothers, Whole Foods and Smith's. They have a wide selection of food but limited at the same time. Personally their selection of wine is second to none with regards to other super markets. Their prices on meat are expensive but then again, you are buying free range chicken which tastes a hell of a lot better then caged foul.
5	I love me an afternoon of grocery shopping. And I love me three full bags of groceries for 80 bucks. And I love me getting quality slivered almonds, edamame chips, organic fruit, hummus/dips, cheeses and moisturizer at the same store for a reasonable price.Today I started my TJ run with picking up a bunch of lavender for 3.29 and then proceeded to fill my cart with seeded pomegranate, pre-seasoned potatoes, gouda cheese slices, a lentil masala dip, poppy seed dressing and TJ's moisturizer. I LOVE IT! I've actually told my husband that if we every did move, we NEED to move to a city with a TJ. Non negotiable. This particular TJ is my favorite in the Vegas area (I've been to all of them). It is very neat, always has all the produce in stock and the flower selection is always the best.
5	I love Trader Joes! They have a great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables, pre-packaged veggies, pre-made foods, salads, etc.Their meats are kind of expensive. Majority if not all are organic, free-range, etc. Their eggs are also free-ranged eggs.Whenever I am not sure about what to make for dinner, I head to Tj's and get the italian style turkey meatloaf. It is sooooo good! Can't even tell its turkey whatsoever. I love to get their pre-made salads and the vegetable sushi. Their frozen foods aren't full of preservatives either and are pretty simple and on point. I've been stocking up on the frozen thai curry to have in case I need a quick lunch or dinner. They also sell, vegan ice cream, mochi ice cream, sorbet, etc. I always make sure to stop by the sample area. They usually have some sort of dish on display that is made with their ingredients. And they have a sample of whatever drinks they have that day.They have so many different dried nuts, seeds, dried fruits, trail mixes, rice crackers, etc! I also love their wine selection! Once they had a pinot grigio.. I forget what it was called, but it was a trader joes brand for only about $1.99! And it wasn't crappy either! I should have bought more because last time I went, they didn't have anymore! =(Whenever I have family or friends that come to town, they usually request to go here to get snacks to take back home. Whenever I go back home, I always get a request to bring back the butter and almond wafers, Tj's granola, and the lemon meyer cookies.
5	My favorite grocery store. Healthy and portioned correctly for a couple or small family. Really like the fact they have a tasting counter so I can taste a new trader joe's product every time. Pick up their weekly grocery ad, it's so much better than generic pictures of fruits, veges and branded products.
4	Have been coming to this area for doctor's appointments and last time when I had about 30 minutes to kill, but I didn't find where Trader Joe's was located in that strip mall and ended up at K-Mart. Today, I didn't have to wait long to see the doctor after being brought back to the examination room in the back, and was out of there in less time than I normally have to spend just waiting.  So I drove around the entire strip mall (located at S. Eastern Ave and Coronado Center Dr) and finally found Trader Joe's.The store, is a little harder to find compared to all of the other Trader Joe's I have shopped at in California and the one near Summerlin Parkway, since it is wedge between other stores and not a stand alone building or a corner store.But the inside looks cleaner than the other Trader Joe's.  The aisles are spacious, and the shelves are neatly organized.  The selection of fruits and vegetables looks nice, and the $0.39 Plumcot caught my eye. It was juicy and delicious, and I wished I had bought more.Anyway, they have the usual Trader Joe's items and a good selection of wines from Europe, Australia and S. America, plus of course the domestics.  They also have Mochi Ice Cream in the freezer dessert section ($3.49), but I didn't take advantage of it since I am not planning to go home right away.  The fresh bread (some a re par-baked) selctions is wonderful, although I think a little more expensive compared to some other grocery stores.Overall a solid 4 stars for me. Store is neat, organized and clean! The staff is friendly. I would shop here more if I live in the area, but I will stop by again the next time I am in the area for my next Dr's appointment.P.S.  The meats are more expensive due to the organic or free-range practices, but still less than Whole Food's.
5	I shop at Trader Joe's at least twice a week and thought that it was about time that I yelped them.I love their organic selections and I think that they are much cheaper than Whole Foods. When I leave Whole Foods the bill is ALWAYS over $100 and I can raid Trader Trader Joe's and walk out for $60!Also, their decent cheap wines are a real bargain.
4	I would give this location 5 stars if they would have had my favorite coffee. I love the Diner Blend, they were either out, or not carrying it at this location. Tear. Love this place for pretty much anything on my grocery shopping list. Nuts, dried fruits, breads, canned and frozen kitchen essentials, Two Buck Chuck for cooking (just some of my favorite items).I really wish that the economy would pick back up so there Southwest Las Vegas plans would come through! I rarely go here now because it's just too far away. I only use it for stocking up on pantry and freezer items and COFFEE!!!!!!
5	Glad they finally opened up one near home. I usually shop here 1-2x week for the great food and the reasonable prices. everyone that works there is very friendly. parking can be a little crowded sometimes though
5	This is my neighborhood TJ's and it's by far my favorite grocery store in the area. I can't stand Whole Foods, so it's great to find a place that has the kind of products I want at prices I can afford. Some highlights:*GRASS FED BEEF. Still kinda pricey at $5.99/lb, but the health benefits are more than worth it. *Hormone free milk products (cheaper than organic, but with all the benefits!)*Cage free, free range, organic eggs*Great  goat cheese, baybel cheese, and shredded cheese*Amazing coffee selection to fit any budget or taste*WINE - when Chariot Gypsy ($5) is in stock, it's the best budget wine you'll find anywhere. I buy a case every year. They also have some lovely Italian and Spanish wines  under $10 you won't find anywhere else*Frozen mangos, blueberries, etc, at great prices*Delicious imported Kerryman gold butter from Ireland. Once you've had this butter you won't buy tasteless crap butter ever again.
5	I absolutely love this store, and am sooooo happy to be moving closer to it.This store just have a positive energy flowing around, with nice staff, nice customers, and nice samples.  The quality of the product is great,along with the prices.  I cannot believe it!  For example: Oregon Chai Tea where I would always buy at Glaziers for 5.99, is only 3.29 here!  I always have a problem with buying the store brand, off brand, like Hill Country fare, springfield, etc, but I sho don't mind Trader Joes!!! Yay Yay Yay!
5	Trader Joe's staff is the best.  They are happy, helpful, and engaging people. They are always interested in telling you stories, hearing your stories, and telling you which foods they like.The selection is eclectic.  It's like walking into a foreign store where you have to review every item individually to discover what kind of treasure it is.
5	Love Trader Joe's! So glad that I have one right down the street from me! I visit them frequently - about 1-2 x a week... I go in for my usuals: FAGE Greek yogurt w Strawberry, Persian Cucumbers, On the vine tomatoes, Goat Cheese & Wine! Usual bill: $20 something... Love them!As a matter of fact - I am going right now! Going to brave the cold - Ran out of yogurt!your constant companion,~dee
5	I am glad that Trader Joe's is able to stand up against the monopoly of Whole Foods. As a person that loves to spend his free time walking around grocery stores, Trader Joe's is my favorite, because they offer healthy alternatives for a fantastic price. I love their Green Plant juice which rivals Naked Juice's Green Machine for a fraction of the cost. They also have a great selection of cereals, including a 9 whole grains one that contains 8g of fiber in one serving. I am a freak when it comes to fiber. They have a large range of flowers at a great price, I come in once a week to pick up a bouquet for my mom. It made me feel even better when I learned that they are fair trade flowers. No one is getting the shaft to put this arrangement on the table. Last, but not lease, I remember being a broke university student living off of two buck chuck for a buzz. You can't beat the price and they are decent wines. The staff are friendly and great at chitchat, so the atmosphere is always nice and welcoming.
5	This is such a great store!  It's very easy to find what you need here.  Everything is fresh.  Unique foods and spirits.  I love that they have samples for food and wines.  I prefer TJ's over Whole Foods...customer service is wonderful!  The people working there are always so helpful and cheery.  And I feel like the prices are a little more reasonable than Whole Foods.
5	I LOVE Trader Joe's. I mean what is not to like. Great Selection of food, especially with all the products they source directly. Very Gourmet food at regular prices with their own brands. Meat and Produce selection is always good. Fish selection is very fresh. Then the prepared foods are a great way to a quick easy meal like lunch. Also you have a great selection of wines you can't get elsewhere. Again their own wine brands are very good at reasonable prices. Try their coffees, cheeses, chocolates... whatever you get you won't be disappointed. And to top it off the staff is always super friendly, they have given my 2 year old stickers and balloons on multiple occasions. And always talk to us a bit about what they like or haven't tried from the store themselves. We specifically have to travel at least almost 10 miles to the closest one, but well worth it. Gotta do a run here at least twice a month.
4	What's not to like about Trader Joes? Great grocery store with great items. That being said, I have a hard time justifying making this store a part of my regular grocery routine. Sometimes their prices are just a bit too high. Though for what they carry, often natural, healthier products, I'm assuming they're priced just right.A great store to browse if you want to look for some out there ingredients.
2	I really thought that when I moved to the Mainland from Hawaii that there would be a natural foods store on every corner- like Maui. Nope! Just these big corporate animals. The craziest part of Trader Joe's is how they make this big grandstanding play in the parking lot about bringing in your own grocery bags. Okay- that's fine. But do you have to wrap every piece of produce in a plastic tray and plastic wrap?  I'd really like to pick my own zucchini.  Typical corporate nonsense.
5	Love TJ's - It may not be as fantastic as some people are used to, if they are coming from states with tons of fresh products at their fingertips. In Las Vegas ( a desert remember) I don't think there is much better. It saves me a ton shopping here compared to Whole Foods. The employees are always friendly and super helpful. They stock a large variety of products for the size of the store, and have even ordered items based on requests. If you buy a lot of dried fruits/nuts they always have an amazing selection.There is always coffee to try, and yummy samples as well.I would definitely recommend trying it out if you have never been!
5	Thank goodness they opened here in Anthem!  I can't live without lots of their items & they just can't compare to any other grocery in town!  Their prices are far better & so are their products!  I wasn't happy with the taste of the crab cakes nor a new item which is linguini with white clam sauce-not so good guys!  Their new Sea Salted Potato Chips are not only healthy but delicious as your cocoa almonds are yummy for my tummy!Your friendly staff makes it worth my while coming in-all which have a terrific attitude & smile!I will be back in your store today-as I am in your store at least 2-3 times each week-you have a great customer!
5	I love this store.  I do almost all of my grocery shopping here.  There are a few things once in awhile I have to go to the other stores for but i try to as little as possible.  All of their food is fabulous and it isnt filled with garbage like high fructose corn syrup.  They dont have a huge range of vegetables all the time but they have enough.  I spend about the same or sometimes even less here then I do at a regular store.
5	One of my favorite stores by far! They have everything and anything I could ask for in a grocery store. Many people may assume that this store is more expensive then its competitors; however, if you actually look and compare, these prices are the same, if not cheaper, than other places. My favorite deal: $1.99 bottles of wine! Either a Pinot (If you like white) or Sangiovese (If you like red). The red is actually AMAZING, so pick some up if you need. I buy a box of 12 and keep it in the house for a while for myself & company.
5	I spend entire paychecks here. Is this bad?I find myself here very rarely, only because I know how grab-happy I get here.HOW CAN I RESIST, though? Their produce is amazing, and a great value considering the quality. Oh, and their bottled juices/teas, ugh... love.Their customer service is on point every single time and I just love how you get everything you need in one swift stop, without scouring hundreds of aisles like you do in, say, Walmart?Also, I can't help but brag to all my family in Hawaii about how close this location is to me. Ha ha ha.This is where I stop first before taking a trip back to the islands. Bringing a shipping box full of Trader Joe's to Hawaii is like... Santa Clause and his bag of goodies.
4	I was suprised that across from my hotel there was a Trader JoesWas able to get dinner fixins and good wine all in one stop. Dark Chocolate salted Carmels are super great for after dinner.
5	I just love Trader Joes. They always come through when I need something..different. I was in search of whole dates. I could not find them anywhere. I come here and ask the helpful stocker and BAM..I have dates!!I also love to buy flowers here. They have a nice selection of orchids.But the wine selection is one of my favorites in town. Such good deals on wine!I could do without the last minute impulse buying of chocolate by the registers but I know they do that for such purpose.
4	Cheap wine, fresh ingredients (including fresh pizza dough which Smith's did -not- have), and always pretty flower selection. I stop by here at least once a week
4	I love Trader Joe's!!  I took one star away for a couple of reasons.  First, what is UP with some of the customers???  It seems like this location is replete with screaming kids and rude customers who park their carts in the middle of the aisles.  Maybe I just come at the wrong time, but I don't have this problem at the Green Valley location.  Secondly, after they scan my items at the checkout, they routinely just toss them onto the other side of the register with no regard for where they land.  I've gotten smashed bread and chips that way, which is frustrating.  Sometimes the bagging is really terrible - big cans on top of produce and such.Overall, though, I still shop here regularly.  What would I do without my Trader Joe's Spicy Hummus??  :)
4	This place is a fun place totry new things. The don't have everything I need in a grocery store but what they have is always creative and special. The prices are also vary good!
5	AHH!  I love this place and I don't go enough but if I did I'd probably be way too broke -- but I bet I'd be eating the best food EVER.Since really changing my diet around and trying to eat healthier, Trader Joe's is definitely one of my favorite places to get my at-home food on.  Their store is always really clean, they have a lot of alternatives and vegan/gluten-free/fat-free/sugar-free/etc.-free choices for just about anyone watching anything, and their staff is always stellar.  Unfortunately, I usually come in 10-15 minutes before they close so I don't end up with a lot but staff is always super nice and doesn't mind at all.  I wish I could give an extra star just for that.  -:)Everything is really well-priced and they have so much stuff you can't really find anywhere else, so if you're looking to try buffalo or perhaps vegan cheese I'd put this as #1.  Next time I really need to try some of their fresh fish!  They also have great supplements and toiletries that are more organic and free of strange chemicals you can't pronounce.  (Unless you're a scientist in that field -- but if you are you probably actually KNOW what that stuff is and don't want it anyway!)
4	In keeping with my most recent review (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mt-everest-indias-cuisine-las-vegas#hrid:W5kVmSiZMx4ehCiQgiGTYw), I'm also giving Trader Joe's four stars. Why? I'll give you one guess.OK I'm also going to pretend that I just waited 30 seconds for you to guess. That's right. They have Butter Chicken! Granted, it's a frozen meal, but I've never seen that before. It was pretty good too.Actually, I've always liked Trader Joe's. It used to be my go-to grocery store whenever I needed mascarpone cheese for tiramisu. So this just puts them over the top. Not that I'm going back any time soon just to buy a frozen dinner. I don't really buy those any more. Also, this store is nowhere near my house. Nevertheless, I'm a fan.
4	I love Trader Joe's! I had another great experience today. The entire staff was friendly and helpful and I found some great deals. I split up my shopping between here and another grocery store.When checking out, the checker saw I was wearing a Detroit Lions t-shirt and started talking to me about their last few seasons. It was a hilarious conversation as I always get beat up for being a Lions fan.Got some healthy food today, some great deals, and some friendly sports conversation. Way to go Trader Joe's!
5	Recently I went on a no heart attach diet and became a Vegan (I was already a Las Vegan). In the store there is a corner where Trader Joe's has some really good food products available that are made for people trying to round out their fruit and vegetable diets without eating meat. Kudos for providing these products. One suggestion maybe you might want to consider providing edamame.
5	love trader joe's. we go every other day! love that it's a 2 minute drive. love that they open at 8am. love their food tasting. love organic. love that we go to the "zoo" aka pet store next door every visit hahaha. love love love TRADER JOE'S!
3	This place is great for things like fresh meats and cool cheeses, chocolates and stuff like that. We don't shop here all the time because its just so much more cost effective to buy milk several other every day items at Walmart. That being said, when we have friends over and want to cook something nice for dinner we go here.
5	Love, love, love living in Las Vegas and Trader Joe's is another reason why,....great prices, people, and food! Wine & food tastings on the wknds....life IS good!
2	I'm re-reviewing this particular TJ's location because, though I like Trader Joe's, I really hate coming to this store.I have had two encounters with one employee that were unpleasant, to say the least.  While bagging my groceries, he didn't even greet me.  Instead, he talked to the associate at the next lane about how much he hates his job, blah blah blah... all the while, he's chucking my groceries to the end of the lane and shoving them indiscriminately into the bags.  When I got to my car the second time this happened, my tomatoes were a pulpy mess and the bottom of the bag of cans.  I was steamed.I talked to the managers about this both times and I always get the weak, "oh, well, I guess we'll have to talk to him about his behavior..."  NO.  Enough talk.  Time for action.  The guy is clearly miserable, so he needs to be put down.  It's time for some career euthanasia.Other than that, I've learned that I have to check the expiration dates very carefully at this TJ's.  The lavash is often within one day of expiring, as is the produce from time to time.  I don't have that problem at other locations.I'm just kinda fed up.  I spend almost all my grocery budget each month at TJ's.  The least I can get for my money is produce that isn't smashed at the bottom of a bag.
5	I love this Trader Joes, it's become my regular shopping spot. They have a really good produce and meat section. Everything is high quality while still being reasonably priced. Don't forget to try their samples, they come up with some really creative and tasty meals that are simple to make.
5	I love going shopping here, this is the only place that I can find my mochi icecream
5	Love shopping at Trader Joe's!  They used to be know for those unique and specialty type foods.  I have found that over the past few years that I am shopping less & less at other grocery stores as they are carrying more daily/common foods that I use and you can still find those unique foods that you cannot find elsewhere in town.I love the fresh fruit & vegetables!  The yummy food demos!  The Wine demos, great wine & beer prices.  I love that they added a wine & beer cooler for those who want chilled wine & beer!  They have great store brand products that are usually much better than the regular brand names that you find in mainstream grocery stores! I'm hear at least once a week!  :)  Just so you know the bring your own bag drawing is real!  I have won twice!  :)
5	Wow. Love trader joes. I've been to many all over the place and this one might just be my favorite.
4	My favorite place to get almond butter because it's cheaper than most grocery stores and it's tasty. And since I'm at 30/70 vegetarian (I'm eyeballing here, I think 30% of my meals consist of meat, the rest do not), there nut selection is impressive and large. In the mornings they have delicious, fresh brewed coffee samples for customers to enjoy. Their water, bread, wines, and desserts are nicely priced. They have a good selection of chocolates. Dark chocolate covered espresso beans and pretzels are a fave. And their cookie dunkers have almost caused me an episode of Intervention because they are just that good. And service has always been nice to me. I just wished their produce section was larger.
5	Not only does this location have great parking, but they have great selection. It seems like the employees here are always looking for ways to restock the store. I was here last week and the lines were LONG. Before I knew it, there was another cashier taking more customers in his line. Love this store!
4	I'm brand-new at the Trader Joe's game. I had always thought it was too expensive -- it's not! I couldn't do my weekly grocery shopping here, but I do come here for supplemental stuff. Obviously there are some things that are more expensive and some that are cheaper than other stores. The store is clean, but packed a bit tightly, especially in produce. All the employees are friendly and helpful. And I love that they use paper bags...they make me nostalgic :)Oh, and if you're a Pinterest crazy person like me, this is where to buy the jars of coconut oil!
5	Love there prices, product is always top of the line and the staff is really knowledgeable. Just wish I would win the damn raffle already for bring my own bags.
5	LOVE Trader Joes!!  They have great fresh produce and great things that I can't find anywhere else..shelled endamame, special granola..and coconut oil that I use for everything!! It's always clean and you can always find someone too help. I really like that they are kid friendly as well..since my kids always come shopping with me and most of the time are crying...no dirty looks thrown my way.Love!
5	I LOVE TJ's!  While I consider the Sunset store my "home" store, I live closer to this one now and frequent it often.  They take back anything I am not happy with, always have yummy samples, and truly have the most wonderful wine expert, Renato.  I have been long-hooked on the Amore peach sparkling wine, which sometimes is hard to get but is supposed to be around all the time.  He helped me acquire some by ordering cases.  This is exclusive to TJ's, as are many wines, and very affordable.  He also does wine and beer tastings too.I also have a hard time falling in love with products that are then discontinued, which does happen a lot (not just at TJ's).  Whenever I am looking for something, people go out of their way at the customer service desk to look up when something was last in the store and if it is on re-order or not.Also, I had a kosher chicken crisis when I was hosting my first Passover seder for my new in-laws, and the Sunset store called this one for me and they held 2 kosher chickens in the back for me to pick up.  The culture is one that is customer-friendly and awesome.  They will open any product in the store for you to try should you wonder what it tastes like!  They also now carry (but are sold out of) roasted coconut chips, which I first had in Japan and they are amaaaaazing!  No coupons needed, soooo cheap!
5	If they could only open up a store in HAWAII then that would be just AWESOME!!   But for now I just have to make a pit stop and hoard when in town.  They have the best customer service.  Everyone seems friendly and helpful.  They just make you feel like shopping.  The store is usually well stocked and clean. Some of my favorites to bring home as gifts are the following:butter waffle cookiesbutter almond thinstrader joes 3 pack of chocolate various types of chocolate for everyones different tasteboxed herbal teassalty, sweet & nutty Trek Mixjoe joespeanut butter filled pretzelstrader joe dog treatsThis is a great place to shop for goodies and grocery products.
4	Although I love TJ's, this particular store always makes me feel like I am in an episode of The Walking Dead. It's always the old people in zombie like state pushing their carts straight ahead with their eye on the prize, without regard of who is in the way. They have to get to those organic avocados, damn it! I seem to multitask dodging people and their carts, and finding the stuff that is on my grocery list. Also, since Anthem has a much older demographic, there really is no "slow" time to come and shop in peace.I do all of my grocery shopping at TJ's for the week, when it is my week to get groceries. Boyfriend tends to stick to Fresh & Easy on his turn. I do find their red meat to be expensive, but I don't eat red meat often so it is a non issue. I love the variety of organic white meats at reasonable prices, their cage free large brown eggs, and varieties of almond milk. Oh, also, $3.99 Purple Moon wine that tastes pretty darn good! I tend to shop on the outer edges of the store, but every once in a while I will venture to their frozen food section. Their chocolate croissants are great, a lot of frozen fish at great prices, and surprisingly their tom yam soup with spinach wontons is pretty good! Their goat cheese brie is also on my list of favorites. And their garlic naan along with chicken tikka masala (outer edge area, not in frozen food area) are comparable to some of the better Indian restaurants in town.The service is pretty good. I think the store on Sunset/Green Valley has much friendlier and personable employees. Getting out of the parking is hell with all the Buicks backing out at the same time and then chilling there until they figure out how to proceed.
5	Most are familiar with "TJ's", but let me tell you my favorite reasons for crushing on this store.Food allergies? No problem, Trader Joes caters to all sorts of oddities when it comes to your picky and allergy infested consumer.  From gluten free breads, to pasta alternatives, you will have little trouble finding something for everyone to enjoy.Fresh fruits and veggies, pre-made meals and salads (they are ok, but decent if you're in a pinch for a quick healthy bite).  Guacamole kits! Yes that's right, takes the guess work out of guacamole preparation, has everything you need.Delectable cheese selections, variety of dips, chips, and snack foods.It's very hard to make any "unhealthy" decisions in this store. Dieters, this should be your go-to spot for reasonable, fresh,  and healthy options.
5	I am fan!  The only downfall to TJs is that there are not enough in town. The pricing is great; the food is amazing and their wine good and cheap!If you are looking to eat cleaner and a little like hippies then come to a TJ.  They are always laid back workers that take ownership of what they do. I love the fact that they know what they are doing.After work, there is a man sometimes in the wine sections talking about the different bottles and there is even wine tasting...yah!I am always having a blast walking in. They do a great job with their mechanizing and placements in the store.  You will walk out with more than you need.
5	I like Trader Joe's for an amazing variety of items you won't find in most stores.  They have garlic naan and the base for tikka masala so all you have to do is add cooked chicken and you have yourself a quick and easy meal.  My favorites include Cookie Butter, Pinachios (buttery pistachio cookies) and Chocolate Hazelnut Cookies.  They also have good Malbec (red wine from Argentina).  They also have fresh flowers.This location is pretty convenient as it's in a shopping center along Eastern Ave.  Parking is not an issue.  It gets busy in the afternoon.  The staff is nice and helpful.Sometimes I come here even when I don't need anything.  Then I come home with a whole bunch of stuff.  They have way too many interesting finds!  I love TJ's!
5	I love Trader Joe's, and this location is my favorite. Staff are friendly and the store always looks clean and well organized. I recommend the island soyaki sauce, which is great for marinating chicken. I love the dry roasted honey sliced almonds to add some sweetness and a crunch to my salads! Their cookie selection is great too for when you want a treat :)
5	Can't ever go wrong with Trader Joe's.For a healthy lifestyle, it does not get better than Joe's.The healthiest of healthy foods.Bargaining prices.Friendly Staff.Clean & very well organized.This is my first stop shop for all my grocery needs. They have a very good selection of hummus and pita chips. This is valuable information for someone who loves chips but is trying to replace their desires with something healthy. I used to eat Ruffles Cheddar n Sour Scream on a daily basis. But now, I have found something worth replacing those Ruffles.The market contents are comparable to Whole Foods but we all know that the prices at Whole Foods make us consider twice.
5	You can never go wrong with trader joes! They have fresh produce, great variety and amazing prices!Plus they are always friendly and clean. I happen to need a gluten free diet, and trader joes has a great variety of tasty goodies that I can eat!I love this place.
5	Has all of the necessities, the people working always have a great attitude, and the prices ultimately stack up with the best.
5	I heart Trader Joes and everyone is so friendly here!  They may be higher then your traditional grocery store but the quality is better. Their produce is always consistent which is more then I can say for some of the grocery stores here where you have to pick around rotting fruit. Ick! I recently discovered their garlic fries and OMG if you love garlic you must try these. I could seriously eat them for dinner.
5	Trader Joe's has pretty much changed my life! The quality of their food is the best & I'm always surprised at how low their prices are. I hope that never changes. Now I look forward to grocery shopping & cooking because I always seem to discover something new! I love walking into a business where all of the employees are happy & eager to help! Joey has made some wonderful recommendations & I've never been disappointed. Something I learned recently is that IF you do buy an item and you don't like it, they'll let you exchange it! How awesome is that? Knowing that, I'm much more willing to take a risk & try something new. My only complaint is that I wish they had more locations but it's definitely worth the drive =)
5	I really like this place a lot.  I thought that Whole Foods was the bomb, but I now realize that their are plenty of choices that are more economical.a. Food Selection is not the hugest, but it is great for many things that are gluten free, organic and simply fresh.  I am not an organic oriented or gluten free person, but I do like the freshness in the items.b.  Freshness - All produce are very fresh here. At same time, it does not last a long time. I am used to buying stuff from Costco or Sams Club that last quite a while. Here the items at TJ, I discovered you should used them very quickly.c.  Pricing - Very reasonable. d.  Quality - If you are looking for Lentils, Himalayan Salt, prepared Miropoix, Bok Choy, Strawberries, Blueberries, Rainier Cherries, Quinoa, Edamame, nuts, fruits, and kale, this is the place to go.  No, you won't find Cheese-Its and Donuts here but for wholesome good food, you cannot go wrong.e.  Service - Excellent. Helpers are always stocking and generally helpful. Cashiers are great and they bag your food with paper bags. NiceThis is a great place and I highly recommend it!
4	Best Salads ever! I go to TJ every week to buy bacon, salads, meat, etc. Staff is very friendly and prices are reasonable. TJ Brand products are pretty awesome. I like their yogurts and almond milk. If you enjoy quality produce, this is definetly a place to visit.
5	Now THIS is a Trader Joe's I can get into!How about being greeted by beautiful flowers on your way in? Then fully stocked shelves and help at the ready no matter which way you turn? The GVR location could take some lessons from this finely tuned machine. Loved it!Went in on a Sunday and it wasn't very busy, which is really unusual. I don't think it's because people don't shop here, I think it's because everyone is so efficient. Had some questions, got some answers. Found fresh, beautiful produce and fruit, every decadent thing I indulge in that only TJ's has, and walked out not nearly as poor had I gone to WF. Speak of WF, I actually had a question and went to the manager's desk to ask. I was looking for a specific kind of cheese, which they didn't have, and they told me that WF, their competitor, might have it! That's classy if I do say so myself. They have beer, desserts, vegetables, really anything you could ever want and I love it! This is now my store of choice!
5	LOVE! Always here! Great produce and wine and awesome staff!
5	This store is seriously my old home style grocery store with a complete gourmet inventory. Everyone knows everyone by name. Always stocked with the tastiest foods ever. Always filling the isles with great new stuff. But my favorite part of my nearly daily shopping at this particular store is my dear friend Renato. He is their local wine expert, and expert he is. He knows everything about nearly every wine TJ carries as well as Lee's and Total Wine and Spirits. He will take the time to find you the best wine based on your meal, or show you how to pair the wines with the most amazing cheeses. I am forever loyal to this store. Thanks TJ's
4	Great brand, great store... It's clean, their employees are trained very well in customer service, returns are seamless, they have great quality for most things.  Their produce section is not to be desired and their fancy packaging fools you into thinking everything they have on their shelves is healthy, which is very untrue.  I recommend buying your toiletries here which is an underrated aspect of shopping at trader Joes, or TJ's better know to the soccer moms and milfs that shop here which is another added bonus.  Good suburban, little past their prime talent.
5	Always love coming here! Friendly staff and always something fun to discover.
5	We do the majority of our grocery shopping here. The staff are always friendly and helpful and Renato is one of the most knowledgeable people I know when it comes to wine. The kids always get a kick out of looking for Lemmy the lobster.
4	The Trader Joes are generally the same across the board, in a good way. I know what to expect and think customer service generally is good at all of them. One thing I did like is this one is a bit more spacious than my usual store. When that one is busy its narrow aisles becomes its shortcoming. I came in with friend dinner in mind. Favorite place to get cheeses, snack type items and recipe "bases" (ie stock, condiments, etc). and we were able to grab up some of the things we needed. Watch out for careless housewives though and their terrible cart driving and aisle blocking, but still worth going in.
5	I love Trader Joe's!  I am not always the healthiest of eaters... but when I do, I shop at Trader Joe's.  (Did I sound like the beer commercial?)  When you first walk in, the fresh cut flowers line the sides.  These are gorgeous flowers with fantastic prices.  They have such a great selection of quality items that I adore.   They sell many organic items from soup to produce to cereal.   I always find their organic soups are about 1/2 the price as grocery stores and taste so much better.   Their selection of nuts and snacks are amazing.   These items are also about 1/2 the price than the regular grocery store.  I love it!  Another fun thing they do is have a 'snack of the day'.   Usually located near the back of the store, they have someone making a Trader Joe item for samples.   I have had some very tasty things that I had to buy.  Of course their coffee sample right next to it.  Love it! I can't think of any time checking out that I had bad service.  Their cashiers are always so friendly and smiling!  I just love shopping here and will continue to do so!
4	I don't often go to Trader Joe's but when I do I'm not disappointed. There's lots of delicious items here like Cookie Butter or Belgium Butter Waffle Cookies. There's also someone in the back with samples and free sample coffee. Last time I went, it was a yummy salad with all the fixings included.Trader Joe's is a little too pricey for me to shop here all that often, but it's good for getting organic and healthy food, and there is a good selection of everything.
5	Love this particular location because there was no limit on the chocolate cookie swirl. Also it was just down the street from where I'm staying. Everyone in the store was super helpful. My cashier was super quick and friendly, wish I took down her name. 5 stars!
5	Great service, great products, great prices.  Nothing more to say
5	Good location, good stock, reliable customer service
5	This is my favorite grocery store. Quality, healthy food and reasonable prices! I love the selections and staff is very friendly. If you can't find something ask for help! The staff really knows they're stuff! Some of my favorite items are the following:Berry yogurt shake, heirloom tomatoes, various nuts (I make my own trail mix with almonds, cashews and pistachio nut meat), coconut oil spray, the moisturizer (I no longer use the expensive stuff from the dept store, I've turned all the girls in my life onto it) They have a pretty good selection of wine and cheese. And a lot of gluten free choices. There's almost always free samples in the back of the store along with coffee.
5	Why has it taken me so long to find you??? I freaking love this place now!! My bro in law and his gf both work at TJs. My first encounter with any TJ products was their Savory Thin crackers and Three Layer hummus. So good!!! Then every time the bf would cook, he would pull out ingredients from his fridge that I wouldn't see at other stores. I asked him where he would get all his fancy stuff and he said TJs. So I decided to start shopping there one day and now I'm hooked. The produce is always fresh. I always have kale and power greens in the fridge. They have unique items like plantain chips, banana nut cereal, chocolate covered whatever you can think of and much much more. I don't eat as much meat as I used to, but if I do, I'll buy it here because I know it will be fresh. I love their frozen food section since I know something new will always catch my eye. My latest find was the mozzarella sticks (yes they've had it for a while but it's new to me) and they are so good. They also have an entire aisle for wine and alcohol as well. Plenty to choose from for all those not so good days at work.  After shopping here, I don't think I can shop anywhere else. They have what I need and everything is affordable. Employees are great and some of them even have good jokes for you. P.S. Try their face lotion. It makes your face soft without leaving a greasy feel. Plus it's great as a hand lotion too!!
5	Love their frozen desserts and flower selections. Can't wait for Summerlin location to open soon. :)
5	Love this place, always great service, fresh produce, wonderful samples in the back of the store and a great wine department with great tastings!
4	My family and I have patronized Trader Joe's in various locations since we first discovered it in Encino, Calif., back in 1988.  While the prices have, not surprisingly, continued to rise for our favorite items over the years, the chain has always been a great place to go for some unusual variations on our favorites and some things we just can't find anyplace else.We've been going to the TJ's at Eastern and Coronado in Henderson since in opened in 2007, and while there have been occasional letdowns (including one really bitter clerk who I think they finally fired), my overall impression is that the place is first-rate for both selection and customer service.The clerks are always friendly and welcoming, and once you've been visiting the store for a while, they really get to know you.  There are at least 6 clerks and a manger I know by name (and vice-versa), and they always treat me like both a customer and a friend.Quality is very consistent, almost always good to great, but the truly commendable aspect is, if something doesn't meet your expectations, they will allow you to return anything without an explanation.  They'll ask why you were dissatisfied--it just makes sense--but you can say something as simple as "I just didn't like it" and that's fine with them.Your best bet is to go early in the day or after 7 in the evening if you don't want to wait on long checkout lines and do battle in the parking lot.  But the employees will always be friendly no matter how crowded it is.Since the company literally negotiates for products and prices, sometimes they can go a long stretch without carrying certain items, but just about all the longtime favorites are always in stock.  And if you ask regularly, they'll pass requests up the ladder so the "negotiators" at the corporate level will know a products is in demand.Bonus:  If you reuse their paper bags or carry your own canvas bags, they will enter you into a monthly drawing on every visit to win a gift card.To me, this is the way a grocery store should be run.  As long as there are stores wherever I am living, I will be a customer.
4	Great products!! I wish they had more choices on vegetables though. For the most part the staff are friendly. At times you would come across those who are abrupt, not so friendly staff like today.
3	Easy in and out. Really wish there were more vegan, and organic products. For that reason, I find more items of my need at sprouts and whole foods. Wish I could come here more.
5	This is my favorite place to get groceries. Prices are good and the quality is great! People are friendly. They have pretty much anything i need. And even some food thats already pre made incase i forget my lunch.I get all my veggies here and they taste so pure and clean. Delish
4	Everyone knows Trader Joes. Organic stuff for good prices. Most of my groceries are purchased here. Frozen entrees can be spendy but I still buy them. I like providing myself good nutrition.
3	Usually love going to this location. As usual we shopped. Finding many things we love. Until we got to the cashier. Wow she wasn't nice. She seemed annoyed. She for sure was not happy at all to be at work. Or was it because we were not of 'white' skin.  As we were leaving the counter with our groceries, she was very pleasant with the next customer.  Asking how they were doing and had a smile on here face laughing.Well I got here name. I will remember face also. But all I can say is "God Bless you!" You need a lot of God's help. I will continue to shop at Trader Joes. I love that store. I will not let one ignorant person stop me from shopping there.
4	One of my favorite places to shop groceries.  Great prices, great assortment of international items....  And love their brand of fresh pasta.  Location is awesome, in our neighborhood, and always busy!
4	Love trader joes! All of their stuff is so delicious! And I love the samples!! Everyone is very friendly and the store is always clean!We bought some flour tortillas but they were moldy after 2 days, kind of disappointed about that.
4	My go to for groceries! really great prices especially if you compare to Whole Foods down the road near GVR. Wine prices are really good. I try to stop in weekly.
1	explain yourselves, trader joe's. i found a human hair in my kale chips.
5	I love trader joes! It's always busy here but always so lively. Even the people that shop here are nice. The store is extremely clean and organized. Although they don't have everrrrrything here, the things they do have are great. Produce is fresh. Frozen foods are amazing and surprisingly very affordable! The people that work here are great. Everyone is so helpful. The cashiers always seem to strike up a nice little conversation upon check out. Bring your own shopping bag! They'll give you kudos, unlike other grocery stores that get annoyed when you pull out reusable bags.
5	The only place I go for groceries!  Great super nice staff and excellent food, so many choices.  I love the already made meals since I don't cook ;)  Love it here! Great selection of wines, too!
5	Every Trader Joes is awesome in my opinion, and this TJ in Eastern is no exception. I shop here at least once a week, if not more, and the experience is always A+. Staff is fantastic, friendly, knowledgable, helpful and the store is always clean and well stocked.  I like they have a good selection of organic and preservative-free foods at fair prices.
