4	If you want a place that has an extensive food and drink menu, with a lot of TV's, then this is the place!  We just went here last night and it was great!  Milkshakes were thick, lots of beer on tap, and the queso dip was AWEEESSSOMMMEEE!  LOVE this place.  :)
5	The server bree was great the manager need to give her a raise but great food  clean bathrooms and restauant is clean so I give it a 12 out of 12 and if you go see Bree she is great
4	went to uncle bears few weeks ago and it was good..waited for karaoke to start on aug 17. so i went again last nite the 18th to check it out. the people are so nice in there..food is great  service wonderful..now they just need to get the word out for events they have there..hopefully they will get the trivia machines in..so much fun..and yes the host for singing was very nice and great singer also..thanks again guys i will be back..and when i walk in you will say..HEY LINDA.....lol
4	Took our dog to the doctors at Bansfield. Was hungry when we left the house and always have wanted to try Uncle Bears, which is in the same parking lot. First good thing is the patio is pet friendly! I enjoyed it when the previous establishment was Chuy's. So Uncle Bears continued the pet friendly patio. However I am not a big fan of the eat your peanuts and throw them on the floor. But the good thing is you can not take the peanuts onto the patio! So I ordered the prime rib sliders w/fries, I thought this was really great! Comes with four large sliders stuffed with caramelized onions, cheese, and thinly sliced prime rib! Folks! These are large sliders! Even though I would like to try something else next time. I am the type once I find something I enjoy at a restaurant I always get that item!! I will come back!!
1	i can't believe this place got any reviews that were not 1 star.  TERRIBLE.  If microwaved food, slow service and  dirty atmosphere is what you are looking for, this is your place. They foreshadow their bad food by serving you peanuts in a dog bowl. All of their food should be plated this way.  Honestly, any review above 1 star was probably given by someone who eats canned spaghetti and frozen pizza as their diet staples.
1	Again ,let me start by saying I am in the restaurant business. Uncle Bears is a cute idea gone wrong. The concept is lost....what is Uncle Bears ? A sports bar, A pet friendly family restaurant?  An offshoot of an often repeated some kind of something with no identity? I am not sure what it is. I am sure that the food is HORRIBLE. Just garbage....The taste reflects the quality....HORRENDOUS. Enough said on the food.Ambience.......HUH ? I along with all 4 of my dining companions were totally confused as to what they were trying to do. In addition, we all thought it was a "hollow" feeling in the restaurant. It just doesn't work. It is a cross between several ideas that do not go together at all.Price point is 3 steps above the quality of food being served. Alot of other reviews state precisely this. The price is an insult to those of us that know better. If you don't know better ...enjoy. But enjoy soon the doors will be closing.
4	This place rocks! Can dine inside at a booth with TV or on the patio w/ your mut! The aju sliders are delish!
5	The pulled pork sliders are awesome! Decor is a little cheesy with the dog theme, but its fun.
1	They just opened up in Surprise, My wife and I thought that we would give it a try. We walked in and there was only one other couple there and it took about 3min for them to decide what table we were gonna sit in and who was gonna serve us. We sat down and noticed all of the dog pictures, kind of weird. The girl that was serving us never introduced herself, so have no idea what to call her. We told her this was our first time but she did not recommend anything. The cheddar fries were good and that was it. I could see the cooks in the back eating while preparing food. The staff were just standing and joking around. I only got one drink refill. It took about 15min for the server to come back and take our order. I ordered the chicken fried steak and it tasted like it came from mcdonalds and I only ate about 25% of it. My wife had the turkey and avocado sandwich and she only ate a couple of bites. She said it tasted dry and the avocado was bad. After the table was cleared of plates it took about another 5-10min for the check to arrive. We will not be going back here again.
2	I'm torn!!! I've been going back and forth between 2 to 3 stars. Survey says... I'm sticking with 2 stars. The ambiance, cute and playful. If you love dogs, you'll appreciate the dog pictures and dog bowls filled with peanuts on the table. Overall experience, I can't say it was great. It was my first time going there (note: it wasn't even busy) and the server was too busy to bring us water, beer, and napkins. The other server brought out our food and drinks. The food wasn't the greatest, McDonald's would have been a better choice. Hopefully, things will be better next time.The good news is after my dining experience or lack of, I wrote the manager and he was very responsive. He said he will speak to the staff and make sure the food quality improves. Hopefully he will follow through.
5	Oh my!! This place is wonderful! Had breakfast there and the chicken fried steak with sausage gravy is just like what Granny made back in the olden days.  After I woke up from my carb induced coma- I realized they had football on the big screens!!
1	The whole dog theme for a restaurant is bizarre! Peanuts in a dog bowl, dog bone shaped tables, dog related stuff on the walls, but what really killed it for me were the pictures of dogs on the menu. I love dogs, but I don't want to be looking at them  when I'm browsing my menu. The first thing that pops into my head is dog hair, dog breathe, and poop....eew!The servers are SLOW, don't know the menu and specials, and are not the friendliest. The menu is all over the map. My impression was that this is an "American Grill", but you can order burgers, sliders, Mexican, pasta, and even pizza too....WTH? The only positive thing I have to say about this place is that they have a cool patio with nice fire pits. So unless you're just looking to have a drink and hang out by the fire, stay away from this place.I used to frequent the Chuy's that was at this location, and that was fun and yummy! If you want dogs and want to be playful, take it to the dog park, not the restaurant.
5	Very good service and great fun for the whole family!
3	This place had me at "Woof." I'm being "serial." There are dog bone shaped tables topped with dog bowls filled with peanuts with shells that can be discarded with on the floor. If you bring a 8 x 10 black framed photo of your pooch, they will adorn one of their walls with that photo. How cute is that? This is my kind of laid back place!The patio outside is large and very inviting. There are large cushioned iron furniture covering the patio. One of the corners held a tall fireplace with surrounding couches. I could definitely see this place being good for a happy hour hang out after work.My co-workers and I came here for one of our lunch breaks. We only had an hour and were short on time. Two of my friends shared a fajita salad. Others ordered the mini pizzas. The mini pizzas looked like those Lean Cuisine microwave pizzas in size and appearance, but they tasted pretty good. I, myself, ordered a sizzling beef fajita platter. It was very similar to the one that you'd get at Chilis. The beef was very tender and not chewy at all. I really enjoyed my meal.We were all very stressed though, because we got there at 1pm and didn't get our food until 1:40pm, so we basically had to scarf our food down in 10 minutes to give us 10 minutes to drive back to our office. I just didn't understand the wait because the place wasn't crowded much at all. Only 3 or 4 tables at the entire large restaurant seemed to be occupied. I still like the setting though, so we will be back. Maybe we just need to make sure we have more time next time though, so we don't have to stress so much. ...Or maybe it's a sign that we should just come for happy hour instead?
5	hey guys and girls..it's me again..bear's is still my favorite place to go..of course the staff are all great..love getting my hugs and a hey linda how u doin..lol..i so miss the karaoke on sat. nites so for now will enjoy friday's...don't want to complain but i am not into sitting and just listening to music unless i am at home or in the car..lol..come back sat nite karaoke..come back to me....luv ya all  linda
1	Went on a Saturday afternoon because you can take the dog and sit outside. 15 minutes from receiving a menu to ordering. 30 minutes to get 2 salads and 2 burgers which were lukewarm. Another 15 minutes just to settle the bill. I don't know if it is lack of staff or ll bad management but a quick bite to eat took over 2 hours. I will not be returning.
2	I was really in the mood for pizza and wings so we thought we would try a new place.  I will not return.  We ended up sending back the pizza because it wasn't good.  It had a burnt carbon taste to it even though it wasn't burnt.  The wings were ok.  I wasn't impressed over all. Service was good and so were the drinks.
5	Been here a few times. Family friendly place with great food. All fresh and all super tasty! Have not had a bad meal yet and the beers are always awesome! I feel very comfortable at this place and have no complaints.
3	We took both of our dogs here after a vet appointment and it was pretty awesome.  The service was pretty slow but since we weren't in a hurry it wasn't that big of a deal.  Our waiter Billy was awesome and very knowledgeable about what the restaurant had to offer.  He saved us 15% on our bill!The atmosphere is very friendly and relaxed.  We sat outside (because we had the dogs) and it was very nice, could have used some misters though.  Everyone there customers and staff were really friendly.
1	my husband and I sat for 30 minutes without being waited on while waitresses and waiters stood around talking to each other. This is the 3rd bad service experience. Will never go back
5	The great thing about Uncle Bear's is tha dogs are the theme and real dogs are allowed!!  The other great thing is that Uncle Bear's supports local dog charities and gives back to the community!!  Yes, the food and the ambience is great, which is very rare for the Surprise restaurant community, so I say 5 woofs all around!!!!
5	My favorite bar and grill in Surprise! Absolutely love the staff! Food is very good! Love the blackened chicken sliders! Oh and love places that give you peanuts and you throw the shells on the floor. Very nice patio!
5	The food and the service was really good. Best burgers in town. The stuff very was friendly.
3	Too inconsistant. It is either really good or just blah
3	Not great BUT not terrible... After a To-Go order that I wasn't extremely impressed with my husband convinced me that the food is usually better than what we had that particular night. So I decided to dine in another time... The service wasn't bad. Our server was pretty chipper and friendly as with the manager who stopped by to check on us. However, I was disappointed that the peanuts in the dog bowls were old and stale. I don't recal having to wait an extremely long amount if time for our food and it was definitely better dining in but my husband ordered sweet potatoe fries and didn't receive them with his meal. Our server didn't notice it even after the server made sure we understood it was a $1 up charge. We got the sweet potatoes after we were finished eating. During our meal we started to notice the server really wasn't talking to us but at us and didn't seem to listen to us... It was as if our server wasn't used to anyone interacting and just kept going thru their normal spiel not really acknowledging what we said. While I don't think the food is super great it also isn't bad so my husband wanted to get take out and I agreed hesitantly.... When my husband came home he said he couldn't understand why it took do long to get our food. He then tells me that when he placed the order that he orded us both the Ragin' Cagin' Chicken. He then says the girl that took the order asked if he wanted the Chicken or the  sandwich. Confused he says that he thought it was a sandwich because it was in the burger and sandwich section under the burgers...  The sandwich would have been awesome IF my lettuce wasn't wilted from  the hot off the grill chicken and the bottom of the bun wasn't soggy. The fries weren't awful but kinda cold but he did have to drive home.  Overall it's just OK.
5	Came here on a Saturday morning. Our waiter Mike was excellent. Very attentive to our needs and brought me refills without asking. The breakfast was excellent. I had the country steak and eggs. The gravy was amazing. Everything tasted fresh. I love that this place is dog friendly on the patio. We bring our two pitbulls here often and the staff take good care of them keeping their water bowls full.
1	This was not the first time we've been here, we usually have great service and the food is usually great too. However this last time we went we had to walk out! They sat us outside like we asked, then we ended up waiting at least 15 minutes just for our server to take our drink order, which she never did so that's when we walked out. She didn't come running to us until she saw us leaving, too late! There was no excuse for her ignoring us, 3 different groups of people came after us, sat in a different section outside, and their server was on it! Too bad we did not get that server :(So we left and went down the street to Red Robin, much better service!
2	I, too, have been to Bears several times and had good service and good food.  This last time, 10/27/2013, I sat outside as usual.  I sat there for several minutes and was ignored by both a waiter and a waitress.  I then noticed a "reserved" paper on the table and figured that they were waiting on the rest of the party to arrive.  I stood up to one side and waited for someone to notice me and seat me.  I was ignored by two more waitresses and ended up walking out. I will probably go back because the patio is dog friendly, but this experience really spoiled it for me.
1	The food was blah. We had wings with no flavor. Ribs and pork plate was too sweet and tough. With a dollop of cole slaw. The prime rib sliders were ok. They had to be eaten with the au jus or they would have been totally gross. The waiter was not helpful and slow. We won't be back. Sad
2	What can you say about place that encourages throwing food waste on the floor and allows dogs.  The furnishings are a little awkward.  I felt like I was in some warped combination of Petsmart and a children's play center.  Service was good.  I had the prime rib sliders, they were ok but not good enough to risk having a wind come through and put dog hair in my food.  I had their wheat ale-it was pretty decent.  I doubt I would return, but if someone I knew really really wanted to go there I would go.
3	Came here for happy hour with my work.  They were not super crowded, but seemed understaffed.  Our server seemed harried and did not come around much.  We practically had to trip her to get her attention .  Food was ok, I enjoy the turkey melt and their hush puppies are awesome!  Was loud as it got crowded and pretty cramped.  Would go back but not a first choice.
2	Was really hoping for a better experience. Once we walked in, we noticed there weren't a lot of people for a Saturday afternoon and college football. We liked the idea of a dog theme, and the peanuts in dog bowls. We really were disappointed that our waiter had no idea of what beer was available, which resulted in my having to order a different beer 3 times because it turned out the beer wasn't available. I commented to our waiter that the manager needs to do a better job in having the opening meeting to outline the beer selection so the waitstaff are prepared and don't look like fools to their customers...and the waiter agreed. Never saw the manager making rounds. The chicken wings were just average and I have to say the Thai peanut sauce is too thick and pasty. We drank our one beer each and had a few wings and left. I don't foresee us going back, too bad.
3	There are ups and downs to this place. The food is on the fence. Their cookie dessert is amazing but their barbeque.. Not so much. Also the atmosphere gives a mixed message of outdoors and busy versus inside and relaxed. And lastly the cleanliness of the whole place is not so good. I found a bug on my table and they make you throw food on the ground.
1	It's simple, something has changed since they have opened.  I went there on the 26th and the hostess was so friendly and that gets a 5 star rating but from there it all goes down hill!  The wait staff is not great, the cook puts food up too soon before the other food is ready making it so the fries come out cold and then you need a do over and the prime rib sliders are shaved now so they can throw the fat in there.  It was so disgusting.  I have to admit I am picky so I took them home to my husband and fellow yelpers HE DID NOT EAT THEM enough said, THIS MAN EATS EVERYTHING!!!  NEVER AGAIN!!!
2	Our night at Uncle Bear's started out pretty well.  We drove like 25 minutes to get to this location because we were craving the nachos and ice cold beer.  The beer was cold and the nachos were tasty.  We ordered dessert and then everything went downhill.  The cookie was cold and rock hard, and the ice cream was so hard it seemed like it had been in the freezer for months.  My husband and I were talking amongst ourselves and the bartender starting talking with us.  Everything was fine until he started saying things that were quite insulting to both my husband and I.  My husband was so annoyed and angry that he didn't even want to tip the guy.  I did, even though he was very rude and made our experience an unpleasant one.  Note to bartenders: don't piss off the patrons because it makes your wallet a whole lot lighter.  We will not be returning to this location purely because of the unpleasant service.
1	We are always looking for some place new to try on the west side of town.  Stopped in on Sunday, 1/12/14 - probably won't be stopping in again.  Waitress never showed up for about 15 min.  They sent the bus girl over with a rag and spray bottle (twice) to see what we wanted.  She tried but had no clue.  We had a coupon and that really confused them.  Ordered a Guiness and sent it back - yuck- watered down or something.  Food was just OK.  Many seats in the place were open - we sat in a quiet corner - then a large family of 6 with very young kids had to be seated right next to us....why?  with so many tables open?Ladies room was out of TP - Sorry - nothing good to say today.
4	We have been coming here since they opened up in 2012. Service seems to have gotten better, but I still try to avoid this place during football games. Service tends to be a lot slower during game day. However we still love coming here, we always bring our pet here with us. Food is great, and very affordable. But we just heard they will be changing their menu soon! Going more to the menu they have with the Uncle Bear's Brew menu? That means, prices will be going up as well. Hope they don't change to much, would be sad if we would have to look for another pet friendly restaurant. Until then, this is still one of our favorites!
3	We were excited to go to a dog friendly place but had no idea that we would have to wait forever for us or our dog to eat. The food was okay. The service was horrible. If I go back I hope I don't get the same waitress. They really need to work on getting better servers, it was ridiculous. If you advertise that you are dog friendly and you have dog food options maybe you want to have that in stock. They didn't have anything and we took our dog their for their birthday. We ended up getting a burger for our dog, crazy!
2	I want to like this restaurant. I've been here twice and each time I'm disappointed. This time I had the French onion soup and meatball sliders. The soup was very salty, so much so that I could not get two swallows down. The sliders were okay, nothing over the top or impressive. The meatballs had good.seasoning, but the slider lacked sauce completely. The waitstaff are always friendly and accommodating, but slack in customer service after you've been seated. We were promised our check and a to-go box and waited nearly 20 minutes for our waitress to appear again, only to have forgotten both. I won't be coming back to Uncle Bears.
4	I've been back several times since the 10/29 episode and have received excellent service and good food.  I guess the bad trip was an anomaly.The nacho plate is great.
5	Great service and food the Cajun belly rub burger was nice and spicy and the outdoors fireplace was a great spot for a cigarCraft beer selection was a bit limited but the specials were a DEAL
5	We had a great time at this American restaurant! Brought the dog, sat on the patio near an awesome fireplace and had good, albeit unhealthy, food. Ate nachos (really good because each nacho had toppings and was separate from the other chips), wings and a pizza. Wings were meaty and crispy and the pizza had an awesome hand pressed dough. Met other cool people that brought their dogs to eat and started up good conversation. Staff and clients were friendly. Had live music that started about 730 and the singer was really good. We will be back!!
4	Lunch there yesterday with Nena Moreno. What a fun doggy-themed bar. Dog-bone shaped bar tables, peanuts in the shell at each table. Yeah, you can throw your shells on the floor. Great food and their steak fajitas are melt in your mouth tender and flavorful. Will definitely be a favorite of mine and will be going back again. So many different types of food. You can bring the doggy with you on Saturdays if you care to drink and dine on the patio. Prices are very reasonable. Try it, you'll like it!
1	My girlfriend and I had really bad experiences both times we have went here. Bad service, slow food times and no mgmt presence. I did like the theme with the dogs and the dogs on patio but everything else was disappointing. I know they have some great reviews here but I just didn't have it both times we were there. With the competition in surprise ratcheting up they will have to do much better to get or keep our business
4	Servers are attentive and their queso rocks!
4	The address listed didn't take me to the restaurant but it was right across the street. We went in during Sunday night football and loved the table with the tv. Busy but service was very good and food was great. We really enjoyed ourselves and I would definitely recommend this place to friends and family.
4	This place has suddenly closed - our loss
1	My favorite bar and grill in Surprise! Absolutely love the staff! Food is very good! Love the blackened chicken sliders! Oh and love places that give you peanuts and you throw the shells on the floor. Very nice patio!Loved this place and was a regular here. Now they suddenly close and give no explanation. They removed themselves from Facebook where they could have posted a reason so regulars like us were not wondering why. Business always seemed good too. Thanks for nothin uncle bears!
1	I'm glad this place shut down. I went here once and it was awful. Foremost of all, this place advertised itself as "dog friendly". So we went here thinking it would be a nice experience with our little chihuahua. Our dog is sweet and friendly with people, I knew he'd pose no problems. We walked though the restaurant (it took 10 seconds max) to the patio. We were sat at a dog bone shaped table with very little chairs. I didn't mind that, but we were set apart from the other patrons so no one would've been bothered. Next thing I know a server is chastising the host for taking us through the restaurant. Of course I felt bad for the host and on top of it the server ended being assigned to our table. Right away she asked our order and we weren't ready. I tried to put our pup on the tiny little chair (which was about 1 foot off the ground) and the manager came up to say we couldn't because of regulations. That's fine but it honestly made no sense; We were outside as it was and the chair was so small, our pup was as high off the ground as a regular sized dog would be. And of course the other patrons were segregated enough to not mind. Then when the server came back we still weren't ready(discussing if it was a good idea to eat there) since I already felt unwelcome with the doggy. But my boyfriend ordered a beer and we sat there contemplating if it was worth staying. But of course the server took her time getting the ONE drink put in (probably on purpose) and we sat there for 15 minutes with no beer. So we walked out -Through the patio entrance-you're welcome. P.S. And now you're shut down. Hurrah.
