2	Staying on a sweet tip, Starbucks stock a variety of cakes, muffins, cookies and tray bakes these days. Alongside staples like chocolate caramel shortbread, carrot cake and chocolate fudge brownies, they have a selection of more seasonal treats like lemon tart, raspberry and coconut squares and strawberry cupcake with white chocolate curls.The problem is, they look better than they taste. Really. I shared a couple with my better half and within one bite, we could tell they were (A) frozen and (B) had more sugar than butter, eggs and flour. Guess that's what you get for snacking at a corporate chain instead of an independent, right?!
3	it's starbucks and i love starbucks, but the girl behind the counter was rude to me and it was only just past 7am.  so sorry, lothian road starbucks you only get three stars.  maybe you should teach your staff how to be nice, especially to early morning customers on their way to work!!!
1	Not what I'd expectT-shirts, blue jeans and tattoosQuality was ok
2	Ah, Starbucks. How the mighty have fallen. Once the bright blazing new star that tried to convert us tea-drinking Brits into caffeine-fuelled maniacs, now you are  nothing more than a tawdry tarnished tinsel-clad fairy lying forlorn and forgotten at the bottom of the tree. At half past four in the afternoon on Lothian Road and desperate for some coffee, the options are a bit limited around here, so Starbucks with their prime corner position seemed the safest choice. How wrong I was. The place was in need of a good clean, there was only one person doing everything;  they'd run out of clean mugs for those sitting in so I had to make do with a paper cup instead, and when it finally arrived I ended up leaving half of it as it was so pathetically watery. Please would somebody open a Caffe Nero or a decent independent coffee emporium here? Pretty please?
4	Summary based on 1 visit:-came here on 1 January morning when Costa was closed-standard coffee drinks-ok prices-helpful, friendly service
