5	First, Bob is a great guy.  A great, solid mechanic and a super trouble shooter.  I trust him completely!  I always leave paying less than I expected, and am always happy with his work.Secondly, if you like people who are 'friends of the animals', than THIS is your guy.  He's a gentle soul wrapped in an auto mechanic!
5	Bob (the owner) is an awesome guy who is one of the few mechanics that actually works with you in explaining (and even showing) what's wrong with your car. Which is perfect! Because you KNOW what exactly is and NEEDS to be worked on. Bob's honesty and amazing knowledge of all sorts of makes and models is phenomenal. I have a Honda now, but before that, I used to take my Dodge Intrepid to him. Don't let the "Asian Auto" name fool you, Bob can problem solve any type of make and model of car.When I had my Dodge, I had an oil leak in it, and the dealer wanted to replace a ton of unnecessary parts. The dealer was telling me it would cost $2,500 to fix the problem. When I took it to Bob, he showed me what they were talking about (I had then realized the dealer was trying to rip me off), and that the there was only ONE thing that needed to be fixed for the leak to stop. So, Bob took care of the REAL problem with my Dodge, and I saved over $2,000 dollars. The car worked GREAT and the oil leak never existed again!I've been taking my cars to him for over two years, and was referred by a friend who's been taking her cars to him for nearly a decade. I would highly recommend Asian Auto to anyone who is looking for a truly honest mechanic that also has reasonable pricing.You're awesome Bob! I'll be bringing my cars to you for years to come! :)
4	I recently had a huge issue w/ a break job I had gotten done at Firestone (of all places).  I Searched around the East Valley area to look for a mechanic that did great work.  Found this this Mechanic right off of Yelp.  Had to read all the reviews before making my decision to take my car in.  Still a little skeptical!! I was hoping that the break job turned out okay as I was going to drive my car that same night to Tucson, AZ.  And until this day the breaks are terrific.  I would definitely recommend his work to anyone.
5	Five stars is not enough.  Wish I could give him ten. Bob is the last honest mechanic.  He always does a great job for a great price. I have been going to him for 7 years and he has single handedly kept my 94 Accord going strong, saving me tons of money on repairs. I had brought it to other mechanics and they charge an arm and a leg - if it was not for Bob I would have gotten rid of my car ages ago and I would be stuck with a big car payment now.  I highly recommend Bob. I live in Cave Creek and get my oil changes done up hear because it is a long drive to tempe, but whenever I need to get a major repair or service I bring it down to Bob in Tempe- it is totally worth the drive (that is how good of a mechanic he is).
5	The long and the short.Bob is awesome.We recently moved to Phoenix and inherited Bob as our mechanic through my in laws (they gave us one of their cars).Then that car got into an accident and the damage cost more than the car.  We needed a new one.  After all the stress of trying to find the right car in our budget, we found one.  We needed Bob to look it over before we agreed to buy it, and he was able to see us on the spot!  24 hours later the car was ours.(Additionally, he's just an awesome person.  Be prepared to see lots of sweet cats around as he rescues them.)
5	Bob is awesome. This place is so quirky with all the cats, but we love it :) He's honest, trustworthy, and provides great service. If you've been to him multiple times  before, know that you should make an appointment with his wife not him (he forgets to put it in the book! :))I usually get my oil changes here, he never fails to explain to me what's wrong with my car and in an easy way so that I can understand. His pricing is fair and decent. Overall, I will continue to go to Bob and you should too!
5	I love Bob at Asian Auto. I went here upon recommendation after going to another shop that was clearly trying to rip me off. Sure enough, Bob said I only needed a small portion of the service they recommended, and he saved me a lot of money. Another time I went in, I mentioned a minor noise my car was making. He said that he could fix the noise, but it would be around $200 and it's not something that needed to be fixed, just a noise issue. It wasn't a bother to me so I didn't spend the money. Both of these visits really show how honest Bob is. He always does good work and is timely, and is a very friendly guy!
1	Took my vehicle to this shop after one of my co-worker recommended me to their shop saying how great the tech can do magic on the job.  Well, 3 weeks later and thousands of dollars gone after them "kidnapped" my vehicle without any communications whatsoever, my car is finally done.  Hopefully he actually fixed the car.I don't think that's how you are suppose to do for business.  Before every job(s), you are suppose to contact the vehicle owner to see if we approve and/or disapprove the job, well, I didn't get anything from this shop at all.  Every time we tried to contact the tech, he is nowhere to be found.  We had to contact someone else to get the message to him.  This is not the way of doing business especially if you want me to recommend anyone we know to you for more businesses.  This will not happen ever after the stunt you pulled by fixing my vehicle.I don't know why everyone are saying such a great thing about this shop when they can't even answer and return their phone calls.  If I can give a 1/2 star to this shop I would, but the minimum I am allow to give is one star, so that's all I'm getting.Make sure you do your research on the shops you are taking your vehicle(s) to get it fixed next time.  I know I will think deep and hard the next time something is wrong with my vehicle.  I will never take my vehicle here ever again.  Good luck!
5	Bob, the owner is awesome. He is fair, honest, and just cares to fix your car correctly. not over charging, or doing work that doesn't need to be done. i've brought my cars here (both Honda's) for the last 5 or 6 years. This shop is one of the honest ones left. You can tell by talking to him that he has genuine passion for doing the right thing. Call him, you'll enjoy the service, if you need work done on a Honda or Toyota. Maybe other cars, but I know H and T are the focus.
5	Awesome!  Bob is great and won't try to upsell you on anything you don't need.  You will only get the service you need for your vehicle.  I've been taking my vehicles here for 10+ years and have never had a problem.  This is a great local business to support!
2	Fair prices, odd hours.  Cats everywhere. I won't be coming back. I came to pick up my car and nobody was there... Door was locked. Nobody answered my calls. I had to call out of work for the day.
5	Bob is the best! Honest, calm, fair. He's done my friend's car work for years, helped find great deals on cars, and just tonight diagnosed and fixed my coolant leak at no charge! He also told me about the most common problems with my car, and how to avoid them (and their costs). Excellent local businessman.The friendly, curious cats are a bonus.
4	Fair. Honest. that is hard to find in a mechanic. Knowledgeable
5	Bob is a solid, knowledgeable and ethical mechanic. My family has been going to him for over 25 years, as my dad went to high school with him. He is fairly priced and, yes, works odd hours: mostly because he works all the time!! When I got into an accident, the dealership quoted me $2000 or something and he fixed the issue for $700. I trust no one else with my car and even though I want a Volvo, I'm going to stick with a Honda/Nissan/Toyota because I can't imagine going to another shop.He's also super nice and laid-back. No need to fear an upsell or any shady behavior...except maybe from all the cats he takes care of!
5	I love Bob. He tells you like it is and he understands if you are so broke and works around it. I love the lovable cats...he's got names for all of them and kind of lessens the blow of the money you have to spend on fixing your car (which is an inevitability! They don't last forever!).  He is super knowledgeable and will answer any question you might have with no ulterior motive. He really just wants to help people while running a pretty smooth business.  I feel like he's a part of the family! I love this place and you will too!
1	Terrible customer service- did not answer their phone when I called for the status of my truck. I was quoted one price and charged more. Never called when my vehicle was done- would not recommend this place to anyone!!!
