4	I love this pub.  It's real nice and well lit on the inside.  Me and my boys usually come here for their pizza special.  It's half off past 12am so a large pizza would come out to 8 bucks which is not bad because they got some good pizza! Best thin crust I've ever tasted.  Besides the food and booze, they have a game area with 2 pool tables and some TV's that contain a number of games. Dont know what it actually is tho. I just know it's a touch screen and people play games on it and doesn't have anything to do with gambling.  If you wanna play some music there's a big jukebox where you can choose 2 songs per dollar and has it plays through out the bar.  It's hidden near Ann and Camino Al Norte across the street from Smith's. And past 10, if you try to open the doors and they're locked, don't worry it's not closed they just gotta buzz you in.
1	We had a problem with EVERYTHING here.  Literally everything.We had a school function at 5:30, so 3 of us went here for dinner beforehand.  Got there at 4:30 and were the ONLY people in the restaurant section (other patrons were just 2 people playing pool and 2 ladies at the bar drinking).  We looked at the menu and ordered at 4:40.  The waitress repeated the order to us and had everything correct.  That's when the problems started.  Here are my list of complaints:1.) We ordered at 4:40, but did not get our food until 5:15.  Remember, we were the only people in the restaurant and we had to be back at school by 5:30.2.) Because we had about 10 minutes to eat before we had to race back to school, we asked for the check right away.  The waitress disappeared with our cards until 5:25.3.) While stuffing our food down our throats because it took 35 minutes to make 2 wraps and some sliders, we noticed many things wrong.  The french fries were burnt and hard.  My friend ordered a club wrap, but they sent out a bikini wrap.  We didn't have time to order another one and, oh yeah, our waitress hadn't returned still.4.) She brings back the bill and my friend lets her know that the wrong food item was made for her.  The waitress says, "Oh. Sorry.  I must have entered it wrong."  and WALKED AWAY.  No offer to take it off the bill.5.) They charged me $0.75 for my side of ranch to dip my burnt fries in.  Really?6.) Waitress never checked on us or refilled our drinks.Needless to say, the food was poorly prepared, service was nonexistant, our order was wrong, and they charge for ranch dressing.  We were also 10 minutes late getting back to our school.  I will never go here again.
1	Food was cold. We were only ones waiting and it took 35 minutes....... And it was cold I said that already but damn
3	Ambiance:  Basic neighborhood bar.  I will say the restaurant portion though is slightly nicer than most.  Sat in the bar area though since it was quite slow.Food:  Pizza was on happy hour so split one of those.  Was thin crust with a sweet sauce that tasted okay.  Also split an order of sweet potato fries.  They were also okay, but did not have much of a sweet potato taste.Service:  There were two female bartenders. Our server/bartender was nice.  I think anytime you don't sit at the bar you risk slower service.  This was not the case really.Price:  On happy hour pizza is 50% off which is great.  Not sure I would want to pay full price.Overall an okay experience and I would go back to catch a game on happy hour or to play video poker.
1	I actually just left there and couldn't wait to write a review.  I am so pissed off for the underhanded up charges.  Beer and bites my ass!I have been here a number times, mostly because it is close to home.  It is always dead in here and the few people that frequent here are chain smokers.  On the bright side, I usually get good service here and if your just drinking beer it is good enough.I stopped by here for lunch and a few things rubbed me the wrong way.  I ordered the chicken club special and a bloody mary.  The bloody mary was $8.25.  Are well drinks in crappy local bars really 8.25?  The chicken club special was barely edible, I had to drink 3 glasses of water just to choke it down.  If you are going to offer a special - make it special or at least better than you average fare.  Now here is what really pisses me off.  When I order the special, the waitress asked what I wanted for a side.  It was implied that a side order came with a sandwich and a sandwich usually comes with a side at all places like this.  Nobody said anything about a charge for fries or anything!  I get billed for the special and extra for the sides.  It is just a dirty trick.  The special turned out to be anything but special.  A basic crappy bar lunch with one drink rings in at $37.  Really?  Then a tip and lunch for 2 people was over $40? NOTE to the owners of PT's:  You would be better off offering a better product at fair prices than trying to profit off every sandwich served.  You have about 25 tables in the restaurant part and I have never seen anyone sitting in there... and I can see why.
1	From the minute you walk in, it smells like one giant cigarette. I don't want that in my day, so I will never go there again, and neither will those that know me.
4	Love this place! Awesome food, great service and I can bet on sports here.
2	It sucks that I have to give 2 stars for food from a place that used to be quite good.  But it sucks even more that we paid $31 and change for less than mediocre food.  We ordered to go food last night.  We purchased a french dip, their November wing special and a club sandwich.  First off the french dip was barely edible.  It had shredded beef and was over salted and way too much pepper.  That was my dinner.  My husband ate half and we threw half away.  The wings were breaded and fried and came with fries.  Pretty good deal for the price.  However hubby ordered plain with mild sauce on the side.  The wings, unsauced, were very spicy so just be aware. How is that even possible?  And the club sandwich was okay.  The bread was greasy from the cheese.  It's like they grilled the cheese and then added the cold meats.  The fries that came with the food were good.The french dip was almost $12.00, the wings $7.00 and the club sandwich I think was around $10.00 or so.
1	I went to hang out here tonight with some friends. We bought some beers and played video poker. The blonde female bartender had a negative attitude the whole time. It made me feel uncomfortable to be there. As we were leaving, she slammed the receipt on the table and told us how much it would be for two drinks. Even though we were playing, she still charged us for drinks. I didn't want to argue with her, so I paid. I waited for my change and she never brought it back. Very unfriendly customer service! I don't plan on going back anytime soon
3	Deano the bartender was very nice and very good with customer service. But the philly cheese steak! OMG! That thing was SO SALTY! I will never ever get in my life again
