5	i feel this review is going to be rather biased.  while i tend to shun all things american being an ex-pat and i generally rejoice in supporting local cafes, coffee shops, and restaurants but then there is starbucks...  oh starbucks....there's a serious love affair going on here.  i don't know why, but i absolutely 100 percent adore starbucks and am totally in love with all they have to offer.on this visit i got a skinny caramel macchiato and the friendly barista even asked me if i wanted the sugar free syrup since i was getting a skinny.  of course i said yes, this being a genuis idea and something i had never thought of before.  and it's this sort of service that is one of the reasons that i love starbucks.  they may be a chain with thousands of stores worldwide, but i still feel like i get extremely good and friendly customer service no matter if they are busy or quiet.  it's clear that these baristas take pride in the company they work for.i've had pretty much every beverage on the menu and a good variety of they food they have on offer.  and it's all been good quality and enjoyable.  i love that they offer low calorie options as i generally try to eat helathy, but that i also have the opportunity to splurge when i need a treat :)  my only negative comment is that Starbucks in the UK has less offerings than it's American counterpart and i get extreme Starbucks envy when my sister sends me texts with pictures of her coffee and food purchases.  i think they should have the same offering worldwide, especially in relation to the pumpkin spiced latte!!!  this is my favourite fall treat and i have to wait to go back to the states to get it :( but even with this slight tiny drawback, my love for Starbucks is strong and neverending.  i will proudly support this brand and continue to enjoy everything it has to offer!!  i am american afterall, so i suppose in a way i'm still supporting a local shop...
4	Good Atmosphere, perfect coffee. Just always seem to run out of 'veryberry scones' before lunch time.
3	Service expected,Very hard to find a seat,Not too inviting
3	This compact Starbucks is bustling with activity, especially at weekends. Both last time I was at Ocean Terminal and this time when I popped my head into this Starbucks I saw no seats available. Last time, we left. This time, we stayed and did get seats. There is additional seating in the main part of the mall outside Starbucks with outdoor-style tables and chairs, but it isn't as comfy and there are no plugins that I could see. Because of the seating issues, I don't find this Starbucks to be the most enjoyable to visit, but the beverages are always lovely and reliable.
3	Standard StarbucksI like Starbucks, and have drunk their coffee for a long time. I know there are much better indie places out there, but if I can't be bothered taking a risk, I default to Bucks. This one is a particularly good escape from the mundane shopping environment that is Ocean Terminal.I drink skinny cappuccinos, in case you ever want to buy me a coffee, and I enjoy giving them the wrong name and taking photos of what they write on my cup.service is fine, though you can tell they are used to getting beasted in here,  so they always seem to be on 'get you in, get you out' mode, and sometimes I enjoy a more leisurely service experience.That is all
5	OK so I love Starbucks. I've been a convert for many a year now and it's unlikely I'll be hunting down a new fave for a while. The reason why I've decided to Yelp on the matter is because of this particular store. The staff are great, they always remember my name and my varying different drinks I like to order. On top of this they're actually good baristas, which sadly isn't always the case at every Starbucks I've been to both in the UK and the US. Yes sometimes there are long queues at peak shopping times but usually it's a chilled out place to go sit with friends for a chat or to go and work. Plus there's free wifi in all their stores including this one.
