5	They staff was absolutly amazing! They were extremely patient with me when I couldn't pee right away and when I admitted that I was an ex-junkie and my veins would be hard to find, they were super nice and didn't treat me and differently.  My over all experience was wonderful, couldn't have possibly been any better.
1	So my MAIN reason for even reviewing this place is if you have a choice of a different location for a drug test or anything..TAKE IT! I went here right when they opened for testing at 9am. The two ladies that were working kept just talking among themselves and weren't friendly at all. When I finally got back to take my new employer requested Drug screen. I was helped by someone named Camille. She didn't even introduce herself and was very flippant. Not only did she lead me into the restroom and force me to try to stuff my purse into a very small lock box rather than allow me to leave it outside but instead of WARNING me about the process ...Barked at me that she had things to do (there was nobody in the place) she started HUMMING A SONG and ordering me to wash my hands and didn't mention not to flush the toilet after the process was done. Now I KNOW I KNOW how could I be so silly? well I have not had a drug test in over ten years because well I was employed by the same company a long time. Plus I was used to actually having a open door test lol...I take some accountability but she yelled at me after I flushed like I was a three year old and tried to say she warned me not to do it even though I saw NO SIGNAGE and wasn't warned. Overall she just wasn't very nice and I don't plan to go back here when I get to do my retest ... YES I am a freaking FAIL! haha...
5	Excellent experience. I went online to schedule an appt. For general lab work, they only accept appointments until 3:15, and that is the time that I chose.  You can go in as a 'walk-in' until later, however. I wanted to make sure that I got this done and over with right away. After I signed in at the front window...No one else was waiting in the lobby, boo yah!...she brought me right back to take my blood. I was done in and out in 5 minutes. Now that's what I'm talking about!
