1	Buyer Beware!  Even if they recommend a product and it is the wrong one they will NOT take it back or exchange it.  EVER!  Not even if you never opened it.  Very rude staff.My daughter and I went to D&I and told the clerk that we needed an attachment tool for my drill to twist wire.  The gripper on my drill was not small enough to be able to grasp my wire.  Our wire was not your typical round wire but square.  When it is twisted it makes a very cool serpentine effect that is stunning when crafting jewelry.  The sales girl said they did not have an attachment for our drill but they did have a "Jump ring maker" that would do the job.  We purchased it and took it home.  At home I further researched our needs and realized that this jump ring maker was NOT what we wanted.  We never opened the box.  We attempted to return it the very next day and were told no refunds, no exchanges.  Period.  We tried writing to the owner via email and got the same response; no refunds, no exchanges.  I find it funny how the owner of this store and his employees continue to lie to defend themselves.   They have concocted an elaborate lie about my wanting to make a ridiculous amount of jump rings.  Suposedly for a window display in my salon.  sounds like that would be a very modern looking display and my salon decor was NOT modern.  Once again, I tried to return the jump ring maker  the very next day because it was NOT what I needed to twist wire.  The box was not even opened, so how could I have made 60,000 jump rings with it.  What the heck would I need 60K jumps rings for?   I NEVER wanted to make jump rings and I never have.  He knows it.  He continues to lie about the experience I had with his store 3 years ago.  Every year he trots out his libelous accusations and personal slurs towards me.   How sad.
3	Somewhat industrial level selection - lots of small beads in quartz or generic "stone" variations, but NO quality gem beads. NONE. Also only a dozen or so gold filled items, and a scant selection of sterling and Bali silver. Comes down to this - looking for real gems and metals to make signature pieces? Forget it. Looking for inexpensive small stone beads, cheap metal findings, and glass beads? This is the place. I have to give them credit for the glass bead selection - it's pretty amazing and very well organized.
3	They have a pretty decent selection, and it's well-organized. The store is very neat and the staff is pretty helpful too. All in all, an OK choice for local bead shopping.
