3	They mean well at this restaurant.  The service is arguably the worst I have ever experienced in a restaurant.  The food makes up for it signficantly.  Sesame tofu is my entre of choice, and it comes with an egg roll, two batter-dipped shrimp, and sweet + sour sauce.  I believe all (or most) entres come with the same, as my boyfriend also receives those sides when he orders something different.  The food is excellent!  I would recommend buying and bringing it home, since the service is so terrible.  On my first visit, the teenage girl working there would not pick her head up from the counter and scribbled our order down without ever looking up or smiling.  The food was then thrown in front of us.  But don't worry; something about the food is good enough to keep us coming back.
1	Ick.I rarely ever just throw away my food, but most of my meal from House of Egg roll is now sitting in my trash can.I ordered sesame tofu, which sounded great. What I got was some hard triangles of tofu coated in about 10 sesame seeds and then dyed bright, glow-in-the-dark orange (which suspiciously looked, and tasted, exactly like the sweet-and-sour sauce that came with our egg rolls). ,That was it. Nothing else, other than several florets of broccoli they put under the tofu. No, it wasn't cooked with the tofu and sauce, it was just plopped, raw, underneath everything. And there wasn't even really any gravy or sauce at all, so everything was dry.I want to give H.O.E.G. points for trying to be a bit more creative on the veggie options (Sesame tofu, orange tofu, etc) but if the food sucks, it doesn't really matter how good the menu appears.My husband's order wasn't much better.The egg rolls were pretty good, I'll admit.I should have stuck with Sun Chinese Dining. Sorry, Sun, I won't stray again...
3	really everyone has said it before me. horrible service.i walked in and just order a to go box of shrimp fried rice, my favorite staple of chinese food. and some places make a habit of cooking their rice in a pound of dead dog grease and tossing tiny, tough shrimp in it, but house of egg roll really delivered. plump, juicy pieces of shrimp and tender rice with no over-greasy feeling to it. a little overpriced yes, $7 for a large container of this stuff, but i made two meals out of it. i'd definitely come back and get it again.
4	The House of Egg Roll is your perfect cheap Chinese food restaurant. Their service is very fast, delivery or pick-up. The only thing I have not enjoyed from this restaurant thus far is the Almond Chicken. The Orange Chicken, General Tso's Chicken, fried rice, egg rolls, and Mongolian Beef are all great.
2	We only go here if absolutely, positively...necessary. My partner ordered the Mongolian beef last night and he said there was a lot of gristle in it. I don't know about you but that kind of turns my stomach. The spring rolls are fine and the lo-mein is passable. Just plan on taking your order out as the kids they have working the front are none too friendly. I went to the restroom and the bathroom had several small live and dead roaches in it. I had to make sure I got out of there as quickly as possible before one of them crawled on me! I don't know about you, but if a restaurant has a nasty bathroom, it says volumes about the kitchen. I do not want to come back here. Shame, considering they kind of make up their own hours and stay open sometimes until 2:30am.
2	Don't plan to eat there.  Clearly the place is intended to only be a carry out place.  Food comes out in to go containers and you get packets of soy sauce etc.  Food wasn't bad but it wasn't very good either.  I would not return.
2	If you like bland, salty, greasy Chinese food...this place is for you. I'll just head across the street to Chow's Kitchen.
1	Strangely rude. Seems I did not know what I wanted  before I arrived and that must have upset them.. We were the only ones there at 1pm on a Saturday. Funny that the house of Egg Roll only had one spring roll option.Interior was tacky, run-down and just plain sad.
1	Let me just get the most important part out of the way.The FoodI ordered a tofu vegetable dish that came with an egg roll, 2 lobster cream cheese thingys and "fried rice".The main dish was soggy and SALTY. I can make it better myself at home (which I should have done but was too lazy...boo me). The fried rice was not fried rice. It was just white rice with soy sauce splashed on it. The egg roll was super greasy and bland and I didn't even eat the lobster cream cheese things.You can stop reading here becuase the rest will be a short rant about how long I had to wait for delivery (unless you are interested):I ordered my food waited 30 minutes, waited 40 minutes and finally at 50 minutes, I called and they said sorry and that it would be there in 10 minutes. I waited 10 minutes, then 20 and finally, after nearly 1 hour and 10 minutes, my food was there. Not acceptable if you have the same standards I have.
4	This used to be one of my favorite, hole in the wall Chinese take out places, then I kind of forgot about them. But they recently stuck a menu in my door so decided to try them out again. Still very tasty, and what a great deal! Lunch special is only $5.75!
3	I'm from the east coast so I am use to greasy Chinese food. The shrimp Lo-Mein wasn't bad at all. I was give it a 6 out of 10. But I asked for it as spicy as they can make it... I wasn't impressed with the heat.I also ordered Hot and Sour Soup and it had all the normal ingredients... But as odd as it sounds the broth tasted like it was gravy based. Yeah that's right I said it, gravy based. Like turkey gravy. I ended up throwing it out.My wife ordered General Taos. It was of course good. Any Chinese food restaurant that can't make General Taos shouldn't be in business.O and finally... The egg rolls. They tasted like classic east coast egg rolls.
1	Terrible.  Sticky interior.  Incorrect order.  Orange chicken that tasted like they used a ketchup glaze.  Kung pao chicken was all the right ingredients just no flavor or spice.  I didn't finish my egg roll.  Crab puffs were the best part of the meal.  Will not go back.
3	I just finished my take out and here I am. I have dined there once before a year ago. I remember sitting there with my boyfriend. There were a bunch of young adults horsing around. The service was horrible and very distracting. One of the employees was sitting in the middle of the room (it's not very big in there) with her laptop stacking poker pieces. Another staff member knocked them over while bumping into the table. They argued over who was going to pick them up. So tonight we did take out. The food is great. We placed the order and it was ready in 15 minutes. Upon arrival I am greeted by a young lady who is on her laptop who does not bother to  look at me. Then an older female looked at me. I told her I was in to pick up an order. She asked what I ordered. As I list of my items: curry shrimp, beef and broccoli, and house fried rice, she rings up my bill and hands me my food. Overall, the food was good. The vegetables could be cooked a little longer. Service needs improvement. The room has some tables but people rarely dine there. There is a table in the front with healthcare items and supplements. That really threw me off. For a second I thought I walked into my gym.
1	This place is horrible. We ordered delivery and it got to the house very quickly (we live 5 minutes away) but everything was cold! Was the food just sitting out before they brought it over? The meat was really chewy and the vegetables were mushy. Everything was way too salty. The egg drop soup literally just tasted like salt water. Out of the 10 people at the house nobody could eat the food. We ended up throwing it out and ordering pizza.
4	This place de facto markets itself as a delivery and take-out joint.  It has tables you can sit at and mentions eating on-site in their materials, but their emphasis is on delivery and take-out--you shouldn't expect a compelling, dine-in experience because that's not who they are.That being said, they are pretty good at what they do. In my book, the yumminess of a Chinese restaurant's shrimp lo mein is a key performance indicator of cooking ability. They do a very good (i.e., a "4.5") shrimp lo mein: not excellent, but very solid.Where they lost 0.5 point is for their skill at "understanding what the customer is saying" and "attention to incoming online orders." The good news is that if you place an order online, it will probably get FAXed to the restaurant. The bad news is that they might not look for it or notice that a FAX has arrived. This was the first time I used their online ordering capability so I also called in to give them my order (telling them that I also made an order online) just to make sure my food was ready when I got there. When I arrived, my food was ready, but only because I'd called in: when I asked the person at the counter if my online order arrived, he said, "Shrimp lo mein?" I said, "Yes, but did you receive my online order?" To which he replied, "Shrimp lo mein?" We did that again before I told him to get someone else to the front. That other person understood my question the second time I asked it, looked under the counter, and pulled up the heretofore ignored incoming FAX of my order. He then looked at me and said, "Yeah, we got it."Advice: call in your order.
1	I have eaten here a number of times years ago, not sure when they changed ownership or if some younger family members took over, that said, the food has gone down.  This last order, we threw most of it away.  We had ywp orders of Orange Chicken, DRY, NO taste, No Kick appeared make last week.  I'm not sure what the fourth item was, I thought I had ordered Chop Suey with chicken, what I got was a hard, Tasteless unrecognizable something.  The only good thing we received was Chicken LoMein it was good.  I'm not sure what they use to cook with MSG, not sure, but I had a sneezing fit and had to go to the bathroom.  I would call down to complain, but there is a young guy who thinks he's funny, NOT, and the rest don't care, I'm also afraid of them spitting in or doing something to my food.  I do not Recommend this restaurant .
1	Never get my online order in less than an hour. I'm done!
5	This is my go to Chinese food joint. Their sesame chicken is so incredible and also the crab puffs are amazing. They always seem to really appreciate my business when I come in. I will definitely visit again in the future.
3	Got the orange tofu, was cocked quickly but very bland and not chewy. From the east cost, I like my food rich in flavor and this wasn't it. It was not bad, how ever it wasn't good.Would not go again, but food was edible.
4	I'm from Phoenix and new to the east valley,this place is the closest I found to replacing my beloved Happy Foods.I enjoyed there fried rice and beef & broccoli.They were also friendly, quick, and reasonable priced.
5	Love this place, stumbled on it by accident and got the house special chicken... It was fresh and quick and the portion was enough to share with my roommate! I will be coming here again
1	On the positive side the delivery was quick... The egg rolls were burnt, tasted like they had been refried. The vegetable soup good portion for sure...  The cabbage in the soup had black spots all over!!!  I will pay a few extra bucks for anything else next time..  The last time I will eat there..
