5	I joined the Pilates Joe studio at Scottsdale and Thunderbird  about 16 months ago. I go three times per week on a regular basis. I hate to  miss a class because you can really feel the difference. Pilates is all about strengthening and toning from head to toe. This studio has a" spring wall" which was new to me and I love it!   The instructors are AMAZING!  They are so knowledgable and they keep the class moving and are so good at explaining what you're doing and why.  The classes are not huge so you really feel like you get the individual attention if or when you need it.  Over the years, I have joined many gyms and signed up for many exercise classes. This one feels like home to me. I would highly recommend this Pilates Joe Studio to anyone. I would hope that you would enjoy it as much as I do.
3	I took my first class at Pilates Joe today. It was challenging and quite varied. The staff is welcoming and very friendly. PJ was the most affordable pilates class I found. I signed up for a 2 week trial for $65. I'm sure i'll continue after that. I really enjoyed the workout, but I wouldn't rely on this to be my only workout.1 week later......My 2 week trial is over and while the instructors are lovely people, i've removed 2 stars. Let me start by saying i've been practicing Pilates 6+ years The class just wasn't balanced. There was way more upper body work than lower body. Just about every exercise was flexion based, with literally 1-2 extensions. My poor shoulder joints couldn't take it anymore. There format is fine for the occassional workout, but I couldn't do it anymore than that. This is just my opinion.
5	I have been taking classes at Pilates Joe for over a year now and can honestly say I am a member for life! I originally tried pilates to get in shape for my wedding and was thrilled to have the opportunity to take pilates classes for a reasonable price since private lessons were a bit too much for me.I have had a chance to try out several of the different instructors and each brings their own style and expertise which helps to keep the workouts interesting. I saw and continue to see results quickly and love the variety of mat exercises and the springwall (which basically is modeled after traditional pilates equipment). You can't find this anywhere else in Scottsdale!I've now been going at least 2-3x per week and see the difference it makes every day. I can't imagine this not being a part of my workout. I am now even more excited to go each week since they have added Piloxing to the mix. This workout gives me the pilates exercises that I love but mixes in great cardio along with great music. The instructor Eva is extremely high energy and makes sure you leave wanting to come back to the next class!Lastly, the owner and staff always make you feel comfortable and welcomed which is extremely important and is another reason why I highly recommend Pilates Joe. Trying a class is a no brainer!
5	I took my first class at Pilates Joe last week & felt it for the following few days. I'd never seen a springwall before, so walking in I was instantly intrigued & curious how the workout would be. Essentially it's a reformer + mat class in one.You utilize everything; weighted balls, playground balls, magic circles & the springwall. Arms, legs, buns, thighs, abs...they somehow manage to work out every inch of your body in 55 minutes. The particular class I took seemed heavy on the abs (or maybe I just haven't done a sit up in a while so it seemed like it...).Tough class but I was able to keep up due to the pace. I also tried Piloxing which was tough. For the first 30 minutes you wear weighted gloves and do different boxing moves & the last 30 you are on a mat doing pilates moves. Very fun! First class is free which is great since it made me want to come back & try more classes. I also see the classes featured on Groupon Now for $10. Definitely a studio worth checking out!
5	I've been going to this studio for 8 months, and I love love love it. The owner and teachers are awesome, and memberships are the best price you'll find. Each teacher is very different, so try each one to see who's more your style. I've seen major results (after having a baby last year) and love that each class is challenging, fun and offers a wide variety of exercises that change all the time. Eva is my favorite; she will kick your butt!
5	I love this studio! All instructors are wonderful. Check out Eva's Piloxing class if your looking for some extra cardio.
5	I tried Pilates Joe as the result of a Groupon and I just love it. So many woman-oriented fitness businesses try to be like a spa, and it's refreshing to find a place that is so no-nonsense. It's a total keeper!
