5	This place is awesome!  I am pretty well-versed in Mexican cuisine and in all these years, I've never found a place this tasty!The food takes a while to get prepared, but that tells you they actually cook it rather than "assemble" it as they do in most Mexican restaurants.  Menudo, posole, sopa de res, all variants of camaron.... Unbelievably good.  I've taken some of my employees after work and they ALL agree the food is legit!  Also, they are open 24 hours!  Forget Filibertos, Alibertos.. and any other "bertos" and try them out!  You will NOT be disappointed!
5	this place is hidden in a strip mall where sonics on van buren and 99th ave. right across of a school. awesome mexican food. their menudo is awesome. coming from a person who is very picky with good mexican food! try them out forreal!!
4	Okay, I didn't dine in... I was the 1:30 am takeout queen on my excursion to La Flor.  The MAN ordered two sets of taquitos and a la carte chicken enchiladas.  I had fish tacos and upped my order to a combo with rice and beans.One set of taquitos went right into the fridge for chow the following day. One set got devoured and the MAN reported them to be outstanding.  I, admittedly, gave the tortillas from my fish tacos to the pups, but the fish was perfectly cooked and mixed very well with the cabbage, sauce, and red chili copiously supplied by the very friendly overnight counter personnel.  The chicken enchiladas were AMAZING and really made the local Mexican restaurants look like junk food in comparison.The reheated taquitos 24 hrs later were very good... Not sure how they reheated so dang well (surely a testament to the initial cooking) and with no grease stain on the paper towels... The rice and beans were cleaned up in minutes and were exactly what one wants from rice and beans... Beans that stick to the fork (no spoon necessary) but are still soft enough that chewing isn't required and rice that separates (not sticky at all) and is still firm.  Perfectly yummy!!!!!Visit Flor instead of the silly Sonic sitting in the parking lot in front of it, they are open 24/7, you won't be disappointed!
3	Its awesome to finally find a 24 hr Mexican food joint! It did take a long time to get my food but it was well worth the wait.
5	In the last four days I have been here three times.  It's amazing.  The mini tacos are what I call TDF ( TO DIE FOR)  A co-worker got the nachos the other day and they almost didn't make it back to work while transporting them in the car.  Smell was that intense.  Tonight I got my usual four mini tacos and had them gone in 10 minutes.  The meat to tortilla ratio is out of this world.  I love this place.  I thank my co-workers for turning me on to the joint.  One and only one bad thing.  Pepsi products.  Thumbs down.  I just run to the QT down the street and get my diet coke.  PERFECTION!
4	Decided to have lunch here today solely based on the reviews. My family usually goes to Garcia when we want really good Mexican food and this place is in a plaza I never really trusted. Well, I am very happy stopped in. I ordered the chimi and finished the meal.  The portion was huge and delicious. You will want to add either their green or red sauce as there is a lot meat but that's okay in my book. I will be back with the family. Thank you having really good Mexican food much closer to my home.
5	Love going to this place we heard about it through my in laws. And we decided to give it a try, the food is great havent had anything that I havent liked. And are open everyday all day. Big plus! Favorite place to go since moving out here from Cali.
4	La Flor De Michoacan was a great Yelp find.  I found myself in at the high school across the street attending a soccer game.  This place popped up on my Yelp app and I dropped by after the game.  Glad I did.This is a Mexican restaurant that offers up a typical fast food style menu plus some additional things I'm not familiar with.  You're bound to find something to your taste on the menu.  They also sell hand dipped ice cream and other snack items.  I ordered the No. 1 combo, beef taco and enchilada (my go-to Mexican meal).  My food arrived promptly on a plate instead of the typical Styrofoam carton.  The presentation was nice: two tortilla chips were sticking out of the beans and the lettuce and tomato were on the side as opposed to on top.  They also placed a piece of wax paper under the taco so the the sauce wouldn't soak in.  Brilliant move!  La Flor De Michoacan is the only place I've been to that does this.  Anywhere else I have to gobble the taco so it does not get soggy.  I topped the taco off with the house salsa.  Good eats!The dining area was clean and tidy and a step above what most will expect from a local Mexican joint.  It's fitting to dine in with others or family.I eagerly look forward to the next Phoenix Monsoon game as I know I have found the place I will eat at after the games.
4	Very reasonable, good food. We had breakfast--good eggs, fresh salsa, fabulous tortillas. The only negative was the plastic silverware--it was too flexible to cut easily.
4	I had the craving for some menudo & i was very happy to have stumbled into this place and found they have menudo blanco, which is menudo without the chili already added.  It was great and i'll be back soon!
2	Just okay, nothing to write home about . Prices are good but  not the authentic place I expected and was looking for, like my abuela's.
4	Great food and great prices...been a regular here for a few months.  Really nice it's 24hrs since I work nights.  And I always hit them up for the $5 for 5 mini tacos!
5	We wanted menudo this morning, but since we live in Avondale, we were resigned to go to La Canasta all the way in Phx.  Decided to check yelp and found Michoacan.  So glad we did!  This is the best menudo I've had since nana made it last!  It was clean, cooked perfectly with a delicious hearty broth. Tortillas are homemade, bread is fresh.  Also tried beef rolled tacos and a chicken chimi.  Both dishes were excellent, crispy and fresh.  Great prices.  This is our new menudo spot and ill be back soon to try a quick burro.
5	Being new to the area I was looking for an authentic Mexican food experience. I must say I believe I have found it! This place is only a block or so from work and in the few weeks I've been here I've eaten here four times. The daily specials are incredibly priced and the portions are perfect. All cooked to order in plain sight. I recommend the tacos or the carne asada fries.
1	This place has really gone down hill over the years.  Every now and then I will give them a chance to redeem themselves and every time they have shit the bed.  Super Nachos and Carne Asada Fries, simple enough, right?  Wrong.  Both looked disgusting and had only a few crumbles of carne.  Their Green Chili Burrito?  I don't even know what to call the concoction they created, but it certainly was not a Green Chili burrito.  It seemed as though they simply slapped some beans in a tortilla, tossed in a few crumbles of carne from the previously mentioned fries and nachos, and topped it off with some of their mediocre salsa.  Wait... that's  exactly what they did.If they get another chance from me it will be because someone else is buying, and when it sucks again I will not be surprised.
1	not the best place for non spanish speaking tourists to go to. they f*cked up my order when i asked for cheese no beef and the girl rolled her eyes n and i asked for the guacamole n pico on the side and they didnt give it to me at all. she gave me my order n shut the drive theu window on me before i left. i opened thw box n the enchiladas were cold n the cheese didnt even melt all the way through. i ended up tossing the whole thing. wasted my $5 on this piece of sh*t order. again, dont go here.
5	Great place stopped by tonight cause I was out drinking and well it's a 24hr joint. Nothing fancy but real good food. Had the carne asada burrito, it was delish and the right size too not too big not too small and just under 6 bucks, I'll be back again.
4	Breakfast burritos!!! Need I say more?  Big enough to share and great flavor. My favorite is ham, egg and potato with their green& red homemade salsa.
1	Food tasted terrible. Guacamole was a light minty green color, not very appetizing.  The tacos fried way too long. The tortillas used in the mini tacos were super dry. We regret dining at this place. Would probably have had better food at the place we originally wanted to try.
