4	Finally, I can Yelp about an apartment complex. Now that I no longer live here, I feel compelled to Yelp about the Mandarina. First off, I hate leases. I hate apartment complexes. I hate paying deposits and being treated as if I'll do damage before I ever move in. I'm no messy criminal. Good thing for me, the Mandarina staff treated me as if I were the mature, responsible and nice adult I am (for the most part). Of course, you think, "They have to do that while they're trying to get you to sign." Well, even after I signed a lease and moved in, the staff were helpful, considerate and friendly. I can honestly say that. And believe you me, I've had my run in's elsewhere with some pretty crabby management. Each month when it was time to pay rent, the staff made me a copy of my check and signed and dated it. Ah-ha. Proof, I thought. I never needed it, nor did I need to worry about getting my security and pet deposit back. After I moved out and cleaned my place, I did one final walk-through with the staff. I knew that day whether or not I'd be charged for anything. I wasn't, and my happy refund found its way to me in a matter of days. So, how was living there? Were there any problems? Of course there were. It is, after all, an apartment complex. You can't really choose your neighbors, although for a time, I lived next to some really cool guys who played football. I was sad to see 'em leave. Guest parking is a joke. Most of the parking is covered and reserved for residents, so any guest that comes over must come early enough to find a spot, or be okay with hoofing it from somewhere else. I guess you could always park in the Castle Boutique across the street. Let's talk gym/pool. I used both on a regular basis, especially the gym. It was always clean with fresh towels and cold water. The cardio machines aren't anything to brag about, but I sure did love having free weights at my disposable, along with a couple weight benches and leg presses. Plus, here's where you'll find a vending machine if you need your soda fix. As for the pool, I wouldn't say it's the cleanest since it's publicly shared. I didn' t see many people using it during the week, so I took advantage of after-work swims. You can have open containers, too, which is nice if you want to relax with a brew. Just don't ignore the pool rules. No glass allowed. I found out that! Inside, across from the gym, is what they call a Business Center. It has two computers with Internet access. You can check your email or Myspace 24/7 without too much of a wait. I wouldn't suggest saving your passwords or personal documents on the desktop, but I certainly ran across my fair share of interesting things... People who aren't moderately tech savvy should probably not use public computers. In any case, getting to the computers is easy. Sometimes you have to wait, for people bogart the machines. I guess it comes with the territory. Here comes my gripe. Maintenance - both interior and exterior. I never once had my single call for maintenance answered. I un-clogged my own bathtub and said "to hell with it" regarding the broken ice machine. Whatever. I found you can't really rely on this place to fix things, unless they're absolutely necessary. As for the landscaping, it's okay. I don't understand why they water the grass and trees every night, creating a swampland. Makes no sense to me. Nor will I ever be a-okay with landscapers waking me up at 6:30 a.m. to trim hedges. But, looking back over the 12 months I lived there, I have to say 98% positive things to say about Mandarina. They are a bit overpriced, but if you can afford it, it's a pretty good place to live, especially since you'll get your own Washer and Dryer in your unit. The location is great if you don't mind being nestled around business parks and buildings. There's places to eat at Priest/Washington and 48th/Washington. You'll have easy access to the 202 and 143 also. The light rail runs right in front of the complex, so that can be a plus or minus, depending on how you look at it. At first, I was thrilled. Then I found out that the light rail won't stop at the Mandarina. So, I figured, why stick around when I can't play with the new city toy? That, and I refused to pay higher rent.
2	When I moved into Mandarina I really liked it. The staff was cool, my neighbors were nice, the grounds were well-maintained and it is in a good location if you have to commute between Tempe, Scottsdale & Phoenix, which I was doing at the time. During the last couple months of living at Mandarina, they switched management. Really perplexing and annoying events started occurring. For some reason, the time they saw fit to do landscaping-extremely loud landscaping- was starting at 5 AM. And this was in the winter, so no heat excuses. The staff was suddenly never in the office when the hours were posted and took 2 hour lunches. The front security gate broke and "two weeks" turned into.. well I don't know because it was still broken when I moved out.At first the new management themselves seemed okay, the woman who was managing seemed  pretty nice and considerate. Then it came time for my roommate and I to move out--breaking the lease because of her upcoming promotion/move to another state. This is when  they showed their other, evil, manipulating, conniving, ruthless side. After completely ripping every last cent they possibly could out of us it got worse. The management company "misplaced" our final payments and I didn't find out until 2 months later when I was contacted by a creditor. Lovely. After a week of calls, voicemails, and getting the run around, the apartment fessed up to making a mistake, but we still had to pay interest that had accrued while there was a "remaining balance." We were freaked out about having this on our credit and just wanted to put the whole debacle behind us so we paid it without much fight. The facility itself is nice, but I would never recommend it to anyone unless they had a different management team.
4	"it's just past castle boutique but if you reach le girls you've gone too far"hahhahah!I have lived here for almost 3 years and I really like it. I have noticed that the quality of people has gone down a bit and the neighbors are more hillbilly-ish/hoodlum. I am in the process of buying my first home and hopefully they don't give me any crap when I leave.I think alicia covered everything pretty perfectly, and i definitely recommend living here. one thing that i will add about hating this place is they come to your apt a couple times a year to check the smoke alarm and filters. I guess that comes with renting? but i don't like people coming into my home when I'm not there. i posted some pics of the interior on my review of pruitt's furniture- check them out if you'd like to see the inside of the 1b1b :)
3	my previous review no longer stands bc mandarina is under new management and all of the awesome people who used to work there, don't. it is still clean and the neighbors for the most part are OK.but thank goodness i'm out in 1 month, i have new neighbors next door that have band practices at 2am, it's really awesome bc my dogs flip out and bark the whole time. also, no one ever returns my phone calls or answers the phone in the office anymore. lastly, this is trivial but it bugs me, the new management is always leaving notes and advertisements on your doors trying to get you to recruit people to live there. it's very obnoxious in my opinion. OH YA! and the new management keeps the gates open at various times throughout the day--- i know i personally would pay more(and they prob charge more) to have gates and they probably advertise having gates but they're pointless bc they keep them open for hours on end during the day. so either keep them closed or charge me less. either one. BUT i am giving them 3 stars bc I still truly think that this place is an awesome location, clean, and usually quiet (as long as you don't have my neighbors)
3	since i don't live here anymore,(and i already cashed me safety deposit) let me just say i really enjoyed my 3 years. it wasn't too loud- im like a granny and just called noise control when people were super obnoxious. loud parties at 4am on a weeknight are not cool with this loser. i never had to deal with extra parking bc i had a garage and a parking space. besides, it's not hard to figure out which spots are never parked in so you can use them for a night or two if you have a few guests. NEVER park on the ramp. a friend made that mistake only to find his car missing the next morning. i always felt safe, i never heard any stories of car theft or home theft and i was there for almost 3 years. towards the end the staff was really getting on my nerves bc they NEVER answered or returned calls. the old staff was super good about doing things quickly but not the new staff. so just stop in and demand help. be really annoying, i found that to help as well. call over and over, or leave 10 messages. i left my apartment spick and span so they charged me nothing for moving out and i got all of my money back. (they didn't even notice that i painted the walls and didn't paint them back to white) so it is definitely worth your time to clean before you leave- don't be gross. i even went above and beyond and made nice vacuum lines for them. the only thing that bothered me on a regular basis were the people smoking on their patio. all of the patios faced each other so whenever anyone would smoke i could smell it. the storage is amazing. i was able to fit more in my 600sf apt than i am  in my 1500sf house. i am exaggerating, but there were TONS of cabinets and the bathroom had even more cabinets. lastly, towards the end i noticed a lot more really yucky people moving in. im not sure if the prices dropped a whole ton or if they started offering assistance or what. but like, people with no teeth type of people. i had one on my floor and they would always lock their 10 year old out of the apt. i had to call the cops a few times bc she would be out there for hours asking to be let in.  :( but i think this might come along with being in this part of town? idk. all apartments have weirdos. overall, i enjoyed it and i would recommend it. the location was awesome.
4	Let me just start off saying that I was an original tenant at Mandarina. I moved into my unit in Feb 2002 (the unit had never been occupied) and moved out April 2009 upon buying a house. I am very picky when it comes to my living quarters, and Mandarina lived up to my expectations throughout the years. I have to say that while every complex/neighborhood is going to have its fair share of problems (crime, aggravating neighbors, etc), at Mandarina, there was rarely an incident. Three gripes throughout the years: Parking Accommodations - About 95% of the parking is covered. If your guest parks in a covered space, they're liable to get towed if the resident arrives home to find their spot is taken. If there are no spots, your guests must find parking elsewhere. Most likely next door at the Draw-10 and walk over. Trash Pickup - This was both a perk and a pain. The perk was not having to cart your trash all the way to the trash compactor. You instead just left outside of the breezeway every pickup morning. My gripe is at no fault of Mandarina, but the residents who did not abide by the trash service times. Light rail - No fault of Mandarina. Waiting to get out of the complex to head east on Washington was always a pain after the light rail was completed. While I had no issues with the staff upon moving out, the original staff made it a truly great place to live back in 2002-2004.  Overall, I'd recommend Mandarina to anyone looking for a new apartment complex.
4	Mandarina Apartments has been a great place to live, with it's super close proximity to my job at Sky Harbor International Airport.  The staff in the leasing office are friendly and are quick to fix anything that needs to be fixed.  The apartments themselves are pretty large with nice windows and good central air.  Having a washer and dryer in every unit is pretty great.  There is a large pool and hot tub that are cleaned very well daily, and it's nice to have a workout room and business center in the complex as well.  It's very difficult for guests to park at the complex since most of the spots are for residents.  There are very few guest parking spots.
4	So far so good! The management seems nice for most part, the 1 Bedroom apartments are big and spacious. The price is more than the average price, but the community seems good. Not enough bike racks are evenly spaced in the complex. The Gym is ok with decent equipment, and the swimming pool is 4ft , hey but they have a hot tub :) ! Regarding the locality well, we are glued right in between Castle and Le Girls, can get a bit shady when its dark.
3	I lived at Mandarina about 3yrs ago. I loved that the apartment was close to work. However, the light rail always made it hard to turn left into the complex. Also planes seemed to take off and land over my apartment. Super noisy. Got use to it but it was a reason for me to leave. The grounds were immaculate and the staff was amazing. Going to the grocery store seemed like a chore because it was not close. I heard a train around midnight it I was still awake. Things might have changed since I have lived there and if I had to I would love there again. Guest parking was impossible and I remember a few nights residents were lined up outside the gate cause we could not get in and had a person who was on the inside drive up to the gate to see if we all could drive in which worked. It was by far a decent place with fair rent.
