5	Nutzy Mutz & Crazy Catz is a great locally owned pet store with food, toys, and whatever else your pet might need.  This is also the place to go if you want to buy organic chicken feed.  The store owner is really nice.  I always enjoy coming to this store.
5	The best place to support when you need to get quality food, toys, or accessories for your pets!  The store owner is always knowledgeable and always have treats for your dog if you bring them in.  She is always willing to help me find just what I need and usually has samples of different types of foods.  Prices here are great and it's a very nice addition to the Lakeside neighborhood.
5	My girlfriend loves this place. Liz is so friendly. Plus, where else can you get a 50lb bag of organic chicken feed?
1	I have visited both locations of this store in Madison and both times I have had bad experiences. The last time I went to the store on Midvale, there were boxes of merchandise everywhere like they were restocking, but the girl working was sitting behind the counter, talking to her friend. The store is fairly small, so it felt cramped and hard to get around just because there was so much clutter everywhere. I couldn't find the price a can of food and was aggravated that I had to interrupt their conversation to ask. I have also been to the Lakeside location. After I was done shopping, I stood at the counter for a few minutes, waiting to be helped. The salesgirl was helping a woman find a retractable leash, but then when the woman was set to go, the salesgirl asked if the woman could check out first - in front of me - even though I had been waiting there for a couple minutes! How rude. Their selection of stuff is okay, I like all the different cat food that they have and the prices are decent. But I will not be shopping at either location again because the customer service really leaves something to be desired.
5	I adore Nutzy Mutz. They are definitely not the most convenient place for me to shop, but I go out of my way to support them because they are super friendly, knowledgeable and carry a wide variety of fun products for my pets. The owner, Liz, always remembers my name and my dog and makes me feel more like a friend than a customer. Nutzy Mutz carries several high quality foods for dogs and cats, including a great selection of dry, wet and raw. Everything for sale is researched thoroughly by the staff and I feel confident knowing I am feeding my pets the highest quality, safest food available. Nutzy Mutz also understands the need to spoil a pet. I've found the best treats and chews there, and it is so lovely shopping bulk treats for my pet and never having to worry about where they were made or how they were manufactured. They also have the nicest selection of unique collars and leashes in town, including some made locally and other small vendors I haven't seen elsewhere. There is a variety of toys, grooming supplies, health supplements and more---- even organic chicken feed and info about the Urban Chicken Network.I can't say enough good things about Nutzy Mutz! They are one more reason shopping shopping local is the way to go.
5	A lady with gorgeous collars at the dog park told me she got them at Nutzy Mutz. I loved the store from the moment I walked inside. Its small but laid out well, bright and friendly. I love the lounging animals! They're so friendly! Liz is fantastic. I just love her and I don't even know her that well. :) She's always happy to see me, showers my dog with treats and praise and answers all my questions quickly. You can tell she really knows what she's talking about. But not only her, her employees know too. One of them recommended Acana cat food for my picky kitty and she loves it! (Due to crystals in her urine, I need to switch to dry food now and Nutzy Mutz is where I will go for help) They also found me a great dog food (Innova) and some supplements for my lab mix with dry skin. I send everyone I can here!
5	. There customer service is spectacular.  Answer all my question. They really do stand behind there products.  My dog is a picky eater. They have all sorts of sample pack to try. Best yet dog foods made in Wisconsin. Glad I went. Keep up the great work.
