4	Very good spot clean and friendly staff 2 other location one in aliante and another on rainbow, always get there turkey cheese or veggie wrap for breakfast always good and fast service.
2	They are right next door to a super busy starbucks, and so I went in one day to see what it was like.  I was very underwhelmed with the service.  The counter makes it kind of hard to see what they are doing behind while making the food.  I was actually late to work becuase they took so long with making my bagel and ringing me out.  The staff is friendly enough but somewhat slow so don't go if ur in a rush!
1	I would AVOID this BUG ridden place!! They are not only dirty but they can not get your order right. They made me late to work and then when I called to tell them that they gave me the wrong bagel, I was told it was my problem. Nice isn't it? They have a high counter so you can't see what they are doing behind the counter. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!!!! Its over priced and just gross!!  The men that work there can't speak good english and are absolutely rude!!!!!!!!!
2	Popped in here for a quick snack and needed something different.Small little bagel deli'ish establishment. Got a pastrami bagel sandwich that was decemt. Wasn't horrible, but it definitely didn't hit the mark, or very close to it for that matter.The young man served me in about 5 minutes and then promptly returned to the table of young girls he had been talking to when I came in. I'd keep shopping around.....
4	Not sure why this place has so few stars.  Solid bagels and schmear.
2	This place is tucked away in between a busy Starbucks and a large grocery store, among other small mom and pop shops. I needed a quick bite to eat and didn't want to deal with the line at Starbucks so I decided to pay a visit.There's a huge poster in the entrance that advertises their $3 special for bagel with cream cheese and coffee. Bingo! I made my way in to divulge in their special. The dining area isn't anything extravagant, it's just what you need with lots of tables and chairs. Walking up to the order stand, I was quite disappointed to see that three-fourths of their bagel selection wasn't available. It was 10:50 AM so I wasn't sure that they just sold out of everything earlier in the morning or if they don't offer a large selection as listed. I opted for a simple blueberry bagel with cream cheese. Unlike Einstein Brothers where you can see the preparation of your food, this place has a huge wall from the order stand to the cashier's stand so preparation isn't visible. Whatever, I figure you can't mess up a bagel with cream cheese. They toasted my bagel (I didn't ask for this but I think I'd be annoyed if I didn't want it toasted) so that it had a nice crunch. But the bagel had absolutely no flavor. Blueberries? Nah, this bagel had me scratching my head wondering where the blueberry good ran off to.They serve regular coffee as well as vanilla flavored coffee. Their vanilla coffee was pretty good, can't complain about that. As the name states, this place serves gyros and deli sandwiches. Their "New York" bagels didn't impress me so I'm not sure if I'll be back anytime soon to try other items on their menu.  Sad face.
5	Visited last thursday to get a quick gyro fix. Opted for the gyro platter. it was 50 cents more than the gyro it's self. But let me tell you, it was well worth it. Came with a huge portion of meat on top of a pita with lettuce tomato and onion on the side. Along with your cucumber dill dip you can opt for fries or hummus. Man that hummus was delightful. Not to grainy or oily but perfect for the soft pita i had. Will definitely have to try the bagels next.Almost forgot to mention, I had so much leftover that I took it home.I was dying to eat it the next afternoon only to come home to my roommate begging for the name of the place. At least we enjoyed it together!
1	The service here was terrible. How do you screw up an egg and cheese breakfast sandwich? I knew that I was in trouble when the guy asked me if I wanted the bagel toasted. Yes, and please cook the egg and melt the cheese.I award you no stars and may God have mercy on your soul.(Yelp won't let me give zero stars.)
5	awesome food, good prices, nice speedy service
3	This place is small & has irregular hours, but a pretty extensive bagel menu, excellent schmears, & from my experience (& having tried this place bc o review from a native New Yorker) this place has the closest to authentic you will find, outside "The City", at least in "Sin City". There is also a good variety of sandwiches, but j have never tried the gyros. Overall, worth checking out & a great $5ish breakfast/lunch!
4	The BLT is delicious. About once a week I get a craving and this place really delivers. My husband grabs us bagel and smear (mine with tomato) and 3/4 of the time it is correct. (Full disclosure: my husband has a German accent. So it might be a language barrier) I think this place is a gem. Support local business.
5	One of my favorite places in Las Vegas to get a gyro. Staff is always friendly. Bagels are also good, but I rarely get one because the gyros are so awesome.
5	I love this bagel shop, they have sandwiches and gyros. I had a salt bagel Mediterranean sandwich, it was amazing. My son had a chocolate bagel w cream cheese. The food is super quick and the service is awesome. Found a new spot for some delicious grub.
4	Love this place... I've never had the bagels but love the gyro! So good. I would give five stars but the place could really use some freshening up inside and the ordering experience is always odd (order, stand with a bunch of people, 5 min later you can pay, then stand around until someone yells out your order) probably sounds picky but it's just weird.
1	Hate to say it, but I saw cockroaches on the floor near the restrooms. Didn't order anything.  Immediately left.
5	Great service and awesome food. Love their gyros! Just hate the fact their closed on Fridays :(
3	The best New York style bagel I've had in a while. Got a toasted everything bagel with plain schmear. Medium size bagel, great texture and taste. I wanted milk but they ran out ... I'd pick this over Einstein's any day. In the strip mall that shares the Smith's parking lot. Bleh atmosphere.Call in your order to save some time when you're late (my lifelong battle)Mon-Fri:  6am-4pmSat-sun : 7-2
5	This place is awesome! We were visiting from hawaii and we got to meet Ramona and the staff... they were very friendly and the food was great. We all (4 )ordered different things and it was to die for. We don't have this kinds of stuff here in hawaii so it was a treat for us! We will be back here for sure next time... don't worry ramona, we will be sending you a postcard soon!
4	Good food and the price was right!  I found this place while driving around the outskirts of the strip and glad I did.
1	The woman who processed our transaction would not get off the phone even while taking our order. She did not make either item the way we ordered it. No onions no tomatoes is not that hard. Also when I order a bagel sandwich on an everything bagel and end up with a plain bagel that is very dry and crunchy I am not a happy customer!
4	Another locally owned place I frequent as often as I can.I love their breakfast sandwiches.  Eggs, cheese, and meat on you choice of bagel.  I've never had a bad combination.  They also have great sandwiches, wraps, and Gyros for lunch.  The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is that their coffee is below par.  I'm a self-described coffee snob.  I just can't dink the coffee.  Other than that, NY Bagel is a great place to eat.
3	3.5 STARS for a NEW YORK BAGEL SHOP in BRIGHT LIGHT CITY  The New York bagel is a part of my heritage. Unfortunately my heritage is on the other side of the continent. The next best thing to paying at least $800 round trip to fly between Vegas and New York plus parking, car rental, and taking time off is to patronize a Big Apple bagel shop in Bright Light City. New York Bagels does a good job of bringing me to a New York State of Mind.   The New York bagel is as rare as a snow blizzard in Las Vegas. I only know of three New York style bagel shops in Vegas. They are Bagel Cafe, Harry's Bagel mania, and New York Bagels.   Recently I have left Vegas for a New York bagel experience on three ocassions when I was in the area of Springs Preserve. On each occasion I ordered a different bagel sandwich. In three visits I'd experience a delicious toasted poppy seed bagel with lox, tomatoes, onions, and cream cheese, a toasted poppy seed bagel with egg salad, and a toasted sesame bagel with bacon, lettuce, and tomatoes. The lox sandwich is my favorite. I love lox on a toasted bagel. Maybe it is a biased taste that brings me back to my elementary school years sitting with my grandparents at the table enjoying a lox sandwich breakfast. Biting into the lox sandwich brought me miles and ages away from Rancho at Charleston. My second favorite sandwich is the egg salad. Biting into the Bagel overflowing with delicious egg salad brought me back to my twenties, enjoying breakfast in a New York bagel shop. And the BLT brought me into the adjacent Starbuck's to enjoy the sandwich with a cup of Starbuck's coffee. The New York bagel shops never served premium coffee. This one is not an exception. The Coffee is decent. It is nothing that has a bad taste  like it came out of Lake Mead or a premium taste like it came from Starbuck's or Einstein Bagels. Einstein has New York beat on coffee. Anyways a delicious bagel sandwich and Starbuck's is a great marriage of sandwich and beverage.   New York Bagel is a self serve bagel shop unlike Bagel Cafe. There is a menu board on top of the Bagel case. The majority of sandwiches with a coffee will come up to less than $10. When you decide on what you want, you tell the friendly person working here your order and a few minutes later it is ready. There is sufficient seating in New York Bagels. There was never a dirty table in the room. At the corner is a rack where people are free to read the local free newspapers.   Just like my New York Heritage, I am a bit vocal. I will state my minor complaints slash constructive criticism. To start off, there are some sandwiches with the corresponding prices are omitted. The Bagel potpourri scent that I am accustomed to in the New York bagel shop is missing here. The bagels are not as soft, warm, and in all honesty as delicious as the New York bagel shops of yesteryear. The side item that is omnipresent at the New York bagel shop is air here. I used to love the slice pickle and potato salad or macaroni salad that went with my New York bagel sandwich. I enjoy taking a few bites from the sandwich then the potato or macaroni salad. This is like having a hamburger without fries. My ultimate vocal is addressing the fact that the Bagel case was in want of critical varieties at noontime on Sunday, October 26, 2014. My fellow New York friend wanted me to pick up either a pumpernickel or salt bagel. Both of them were out.   New York Bagels is one of three bagel shops that I currently know of that are as close as Las Vegans will get to the New York bagel experience. Under the neon of Bright Light City it momentarily brings me across the continent to the Big Apple. With that said I support a part of my heritage by bestowing New York Bagels with 3.5 stars.
1	Not so great. Order egg and cheese for breakfast. One guy at the counter. Egg was cooked through microwave. Bland! No salt or pepper. Should have went to mc donalds instead. Was hungry. First and last time here.
5	Came to this place cuz it was right across the place from my doctors appointment. I ordered the Ellis Island bagel sandwich on an everything bagel and my boyfriend ordered the gyro with everything on it. The everything bagel was so good. Most everything bagels have too much garlic or too many poppy seeds or sesame seeds but this bagel was nice and salty with not too many poppy seeds. I also liked how it was still soft even after it had been toasted. The pastrami was tasty and the mustard complimented it perfectly. The gyro meat was tender and very flavorful. I liked their tzatziki sauce cuz it had a nice hint of cucumber. And the two guys working there were really nice and chill. Didn't take too long to make our order. Cute little local business. Will try to come here more often.
5	I love Nova Lox and they did not disappoint. The bagel was served in a form of a sandwich and was packed with lots of salmon. The guys behind the counter were really friendly and greeted us as we walked through the door. Will be back again.
5	I'm from New York and this is the closest place I can find to my house that is comparable to good ol NYC bagels AND they deliver! Which is awesome for my days off when I don't want to go anywhere
2	Coming from NYC I am very disappointed in this place.  NOTE: when I first tried New York Bagel on Rancho in 2012 i thought they were about average for non NY or LA bagels.   END NOTEMy office gets bagels every Friday for the staff.  However, the last time we purchased bagels for the office the bagels from New York Bagel Deli and Gyros they  were thin and small and had a different consistency than expected.  That is why we stopped getting bagels from here for our weekly bagel day.  It is clear that the person making the bagels does not know the way to properly make a NYC style bagel.There are much better bagel options in town such as Bagel Cafe.
