5	Trendy place, micro-brewery. Lot of German / Czech style beer. Really good diversity of beers. It's not expensive, good food, good meal. Little Lounge music in the background.What makes this place a 5 stars in my opinion is the beer! It's a pretty solid microbrewery. Beers with character!
3	Small selection butthe beers here are pretty good.Overall, not bad.
4	This is a great little gem located on Rue St. Denis which serves a ton of microbrews and interesting tapas as well.I went there with Jon S. and we decided to get a sampler of 5 different beers; we never ordered food but it definitely caught my eyes. They had a some dumplings which featured rabbit on their blackboard, amongst others. Not something you see everyday and the people next to us seemed to enjoy it. I also vaguely remember seeing lamb keftas, fish & chips, chili, gravlax and rabbit confit as well. A pretty diverse yet very original selection of dishes; very exciting and refreshing.The staff was very knowledgeable about their beers and were able to both answer our questions and make recommendations. We left full of beer and very happy with our experience there. I'd totally go again for a drink next time when in town and hopefully will get to try some of their tapas. The bill prices weren't bad either and service was prompt.
4	Visited 4 different brewpubs while in Montreal on vacation and this was the best in our book, especially since we came to this location twice.The food is very good. I had the rabbit burger and it must have been the tastiest I have ever had - very juicy and flavorful. The burger came with a good sauce and some garnish. My GF had the vegetarian burger and was quite impressed that it appeared to have been homemade and very good. The other item we have tried was the fries (which come in two sizes) and appear to be homemade cut potatoes and salted to perfection.Finally, the food isnt what we came here for, it was the beer! Very good selection of different beer styles and we did not find any fault with any of them. Overall, you could pick any one of them and not be disappointed if you are an avid beer geek like ourselves. However, we settled on the porter (buccaneer) as our favorite.Regarding cost, the prices listed already include all taxes and are quite fair. Good value in my opinion.In summary, dont miss out on this place if you are in Montreal. Especially since the location is quite good with many of other stores and brewpubs on the same street.
5	My favorite bar in Montreal!!!My boyfriend did a little research before our trip over the weekend to Montreal and discovered that this place had some great beers to try.So we walked over on Friday night and enjoyed a few beers on their little terrace.  Their staff is FANTASTIC!!  Just the nicest people you will ever met.  They were knowledgeable, friendly - the kind of people you want to hang out with all night long and drink with.We loved this place so much that we ventured back on Sunday night and ended up hanging out with their staff and one of their friends.  We chatted until the wee hours of the night about Montreal and beer, about NYC where we come from.  We listened to some Beastie Boys and laughed about how crappy some of the other microbreweries are.Needless to say, this place holds a special place in my heart.  We even bought a two glasses as souvenirs to remind us of our fabulous time in Montreal.
5	My beer connoisseur friend insists that L'amere a Boire is one of the best microbreweries in downtown Montreal to eat and drink. He's obviously not the only one who thinks so though, since it's pretty much always busy.While the sidewalk patio smack dab in the heart of the Latin Quarter is definitely the place to see and be seen as well as people watch on a busy night, the atmospherically high-ceilinged dining room and lesser known quiet back terrasse are excellent as well.Out of the very descriptive beer menu booklet, we went with the zippy Drak and smooth, rich Muesli to go with our double order of hush puppy-like dill-infused fish and fresh and crispy chips. Beers are available in glasses, pints, and pitchers for your sampling and sharing pleasure.
4	This is a nice, casual place to dine or enjoy a nice brew (or two).  We stopped in here on our first night in Montreal and the bartender was incredibly friendly and welcoming.  He was quite helpful in assisting me with the menu when I told him that I had a dairy allergy.  I ordered the fish and chips and the fish was incredibly flavorful!  The meal came with a delicious salad, which balanced it out nicely.  My boyfriend ordered the bison burger, which did come out very well done.  That seems to be more the norm in Montreal, but you could probably request it to be done differently.  Of the beers we had, nothing stood out as being incredibly unique, but they were all of good quality.  All in all, dining at L'amere A Boire was a positive experience.
3	This was the first brew pub I stopped into while visiting Montreal and while I enjoyed it at the time I have since visited other brewpubs that were far better than this one.  They have a decent beer selection, though it is much heavier on the lagers and pilsners (lots of time refered to just as brune, rousse and blonde I think) than most brew pubs here or anywhere I have visited for that matter.  I am more of an ale drinker and what I had was decent though nothing to write home about. Just yelp about apparently.  My meal was another story.  I ordered a burger with frites, what eventually came out after a bit of a wait was a seriously overly charred burger on a very grilled bun.  The burger was also topped with some sort of corn and salsa combination that initially did a good job of distracting me from the quality of the meat and bun but eventually got overwhelming and had to be scrapped off.  My companion's fish and chips was very good though, were I to return and eat here I would get that.  I'd recommend just stopping in here for a beer on your way to Le Saint-Bock however.
3	Near UQAM, this brewpub seems to cater to the local students. It is a pleasant multi-level place that offers 6 to 8 of their beers on tap. They are well crafted, if not particularly unique. We tried several, but noted that the students focus mainly on pitchers.The pub food offerings are narrow, but diverse. They include quesadillas and empanadas, as well as fish and chips, sausages, salads, and fries. We tried a few of the dishes and found that the quesadilla and empanadas were not very authentic and actually weird. Sticking with more traditional offerings is the best idea here.
5	I don't know much about beer, but I can say that the ones served here are great. I ended up sampling some of the Drak and a Rousse, both of which were enjoyable.The menu is kind of strange, but has a variety of options and they're affordable too. If you're vegan, I don't think you'll have much luck here, as most of the menu consists of some sort of animal product. There is a veggie burger, but when it was asked if the burger was put on the same grill as the meat, apparently it was. If you wanted to have it on a separate grill, you had to request to do so- that shouldn't be the case. That's my one complaint about this place, being a vegetarian and all.My group ended up ordering the nachos, and the portion was large enough to be shared amongst ourselves. It was piled high with cheese, olives, hot peppers, and came served with salsa and sour cream.The atmosphere of this place is great, even if it gets really noisy sometimes. The ceilings are high, and there are three levels with tables to sit at. If you can, head upstairs to the top floor and sit by the window, where you'll get a great view of St-Denis.Definitely coming back here next time I visit Montreal.
4	I'm confused at how this is my first visit to this bar since I first moved to Montreal. It's got a great atmosphere, and I really like the layout of the place. Although I don't drink anymore, (trials don't count!) I did however get to sample the Drak and Rousse too. I personally liked Drak a lot! I found the Rousse too florally, where as the Drak had more of a cut to the chase personality of a beer, meaning, no floral, no fruit, it doesn't try to get complicated.I like that this bar had two floors, it gave it a nice airy openess instead of feeling crowded.  They also serve food there. the server was very nice and attentive to my friends watering needs.
4	Brewpub with nice selection of beers and simple but pleasant food menu (I had rabbit burger, which was certainly a first for me).I definitely rate it over the other two independent brewpubs I've sampled in Montreal (Benelux and Dieu du Ciel), both of which seemed very strongly orientated to the student market, and had - perhaps consequently - very high noise levels.
5	St. Denis is such a beautiful street and is home to some of the most unique restaurants and bars in town. The street comes (especially) alive in the summer time. After hearing many great reviews about L'amere a Boire, I decided to give it a shot. They have an interesting selection of artisan beers ranging from Czech, German, and English origins. Not only is their selection inexpensive, but they also come in different sizes, which is great if you'd like to taste their various beers for 2$ a 5oz glass! Generally, I love blonde beers. They're easy to drink, they have a nice-dry body, and an aromatic hop to them. I got to taste Weizen, Cerna and Drak. They were all great beers, not too bitter, not too sweet, aromatic and perfectly crisp. Definitely coming back for more -- the ambiance is great, the location is perfect, and the service is right on par.
5	While pub hopping around St. Denis last night, I dropped by L'amere a Boire with some friends to show them how great this place is - and it did not disappoint! After ordering the same beers as my last visit (Weizen, Cerna, and Drak), I told myself I HAD to try something new next time. I was chit chatting with the bartender about a few of their other beers and I was curious about "Montreal Hell," the bartender was nice enough to fill me up a little taster glass on the house to quench my curiosity. I wish I caught his name... but it's always great service like that, as well as constantly pushing great product, that makes loyal customers. I truly love this gem of a pub!
4	Montreal has good beer, and this was a good place to start.
4	Came here around 1 PM, so not many people inside, but a few on the terrace. This was the pub that held my first taste of the beer Canada had to offer me to taste. I unfortunately forgot what beer I had ordered almost immediately after it was placed in front of me. It was excellent, however. Nice and cold and a tad bit fruity! For a menu reference (which is completely in French), it is on an orange page with a peculiar picture featuring a collage of what could be considered "revolutionary" images.4.75$ for a glass, which is pretty reasonable.I asked which beer the bartender would recommend for me between two I was looking at. He offered me a small tasting glass and I fell in love with the beer within the first sip. With a slightly foam-covered mouth, "YEAH. THIS ONE."
4	This is a fun, relaxing pub to get an interesting dinner and try some local Quebec beers. The crowd is overwhelmingly locals in their early-20's. Menu is small plates plus burgers.L'amere a Boire has more of a pub feel (dark, loud) than a restaurant feel. No one greets you upon entering - confusing since they have 3 levels of seating. Just wander in and find a table. If you go to the top level, order food and drink at the bar upstairs. Elsewhere, a waitress will (hopefully) discover you and come over.The first time we came (11pm, a Thursday), we were informed that the kitchen was no longer open. "No food at all?" "No, sorry." Frowny face. We decided to stay for beer. Later, the waitress came to our table and said they had "chips and dip" (nachos et trempette, $8). Maybe it was because of how ravenous we were, but the dip was brilliant - light as sour cream, indulgent with cream cheese, herbed and with a robust flavor that tasted much like hummus - but cooler and sweeter. Loved it.The next night, we came back at 7pm to actually try the food. It was PACKED! Eventually we found a table and ordered the rabbit burger (burger de lapin, $11), lamb spring rolls (rouleaux "brick" de gigot d'agneau, $10), and a bowl of frites ($4.50). The frites are just brilliant. I guess this is the norm for Montreal??!  The rabbit burger came with grilled zucchini and sprouts. I wasn't a big fan, but perhaps I just don't appreciate rabbit being ground into burger. The lamb spring rolls were fresh, thoroughly lamby, and crunchy with minty yogurt dip. Do the right thing and wrap your roll in the lettuce before dipping and consuming. Delicious.  The beers we had were also fabulous. L'amere a Boire's own "Montreal Hell" is bitter but citrusy and clean-tasting. Recommended if you like German beers! Their "Celebratus" was also great - dark and cinnamonny, but not very heavy at all. I also tried an amber ale whose name I've forgotten, that tasted very similar to the Celebratus.The beers have different prices according to type, size (12oz, 20oz, or pitcher) and time - check my photo (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-am%C3%A8re-%C3%A0-boire-montreal-2?select=IvNIoYA4JHc0R5qUTbEIdg#42ixKJ7-ogxWqc_sok6yqQ). All food and drink prices on the menu already include tax. Only one thing about L'amere bothered me. Our waitress kindly asked us to settle the bill after finishing our food (but not our beer), because her shift was ending. We gladly did, but 30 minutes later when we were about to leave, her shift apparently still had not ended. ???
4	If this place wasn't packed all the time, I'd always be here from the time I land until I depart. Their Hefeweizen is the best I've had outside of Germany. Cerna Hora is absolutely fantastic. I've only had the food a handful of times, but the rabbit burger really stood out - not sure if it's still on the menu, but I don't think I've ever wolfed down a burger that quickly.The service is always really great, as well - the staff is quite knowledgeable about their beers, and they're always super friendly.If you're in Montreal, just go. It will be an enjoyable experience. As long as you can find a seat.
4	I dropped in for a pint with a friend the other evening, and I can't believe I've never been here before. Good beer, but more importantly, delicious looking and smelling food. We were off to dinner elsewhere so didn't sample the food, but I'll definitely be back. Lots of rabbit on the menu (gyoza and burgers) along with other pub type food. A good place to stop for a pint after work or dinner or just munchies.
4	This was one of my favourite beer stops in Montreal for a number of reasons - 1) It had the best service, 2) my preferred drinking atmosphere and 3) great beer. This was easily the best service received among my beer stops this weekend. The server explained all the beers, was quick to offer re-fills and checked in on us regularly. Unlike the other beer pubs visited, you can run a tab. Tourist alert - servers speak English. I love the look of this pub, exposed brick and lot's of woods. They have three floors so the place doesn't have the same crowding feel as others. Tall ceilings provide a loft feel. The layout also ensures you can have conversations with your friends without screaming. Now for the beer. They had about 10 - 12 house beers on tap if I remember correctly. Beers are slanted towards lagers. Had a chance to taste most with the following standouts: HEFE WEIZEN, Montreal Hell and one or two others that I cant remember the names of. No one in my group enjoyed the cask selection though. You can order sample size, pints or pitchers of your fav. beer.They are also building an english version of their website so fellow tourists can do their research before arriving.I will definitely return on my next visit to Montreal.  Some Montreal brew pubs may offer increased selection or even better beer in some cases - but none offer the great overall experience of L'amere A Boire. BK
3	The choice of beers is good, although very 'north American' (I'm from Belgium...). The waitress wasn't at all friendly (but we all have bad days right!?). We were also a bit disappointed by the duck wings (much likely frozen). Good place around St Denis, although, if you're looking for good local beers and nice atmosphere around Montreal, there are definitely better places.
4	Just get me one of everything! That's how I ended up with4 oz samplers for $2.17- Boucanier - Cerna Hora- Drak- Elephant (low alcohol - $ 1.74)- Fin Siecle- Weixen- Amere- Odense Porter- StoutI enjoyed almost all the beers I sampled. Great for everyday drinking at such a reasonable price!The set up is modern and pleasant, not too dark as some of the brew pubs I have been to so I can still admire the colour of my beers!! Service here was excellent! Our waitress came back and check in with out frequently to make sure that we have everything we need even the place was quite busy!I will be back! Love their beers!
4	On the east side of Montreal you sure feel a long way from England but here is a brew pub serving great cask conditioned ales in the English style.  It was a pale ale with English hops and malts and very much the real thing, nicely cool and with a very lively natural carbonation and delicious in the expected restrained English manner.  I am not sure if they rotate their cask beers but, regardless, I'll be sure to check this place out when visiting Montreal.
4	Really good place to go to with a bunch of friends. It's the sort of bar you go to for a beer and you end up spending the night there discussing nothing and everything with people. They have a great selection of beers. The background music is well-chosen and not too aggressive. The staff is lovely.
4	I tried coming here once after it was recommended. I found a place to sit on the third floor, though the place was obviously so packed that I knew it would take forever to get service. I returned another evening that was less crowded and was pretty pleased with their house brewed ales. I also ordered a bison burger that was pretty good, too. Like many places in the city, it is a bit cramped. But, the design of the interior, especially on the lower level by the bar, is pretty uncomfortable and impractical, particularly during winter months when people wear enough clothing to double their bulk and take up more space.
4	Fun little place with a nice beer selection. Just noisy enough to be bustling but not so loud that you can't talk.We had the charcuterie and pulled pork nachos. Both were nice plates and good portions. Wait staff were responsive and courteous. Could not have asked for a better first stop in Montreal.
3	Came here expecting more. Was not blown away by the beer. Don't get me wrong, it was okay, but I wasn't wowed. And we tried 2 pints and then 8 samples. Still, the 3 stars are for everything but the beer. Our server was very attentive and helpful- excellent overall. The atmosphere is very appealing. I shared a pretzel with my husband and we both had burgers which were very good. The fries were good as was my husbands salad. Sorry, just didn't like the beer."
3	Underwhelmed by the beer. Enjoyed the vibe on the back patio. Eh, could have skipped it and enjoyed another bar more.
2	Haven't been let down by my fellow yelpers yet...except this time. We were excited after reading the reviews but it went down hill right out of the gate. They were out of three of the beers I wanted. I sampled three others and only really enjoyed one, a hefe weizen average at best. Our food was delivered fast and hot but my fish & chips were bland and too doughy. We couldn't get the waitress to come back at all, I had finished my samples around the time the food came so I had nothing to drink during the entire meal. Too many good places in that area to try, so save your money.
3	Of all the places I tried for beer tasting, this one was the lowest on my list.  Good beer, but nothing stood out.  Maybe I just wasn't trying their best.  But from what I tried, this place is "alright"
5	This place is totally rad. The beer is great and the food is interesting--I had bison pogos the first time I was there. The patio in the back is comfortable and the inside seating isn't bad. The prices match the quality, which is good.
4	Excellent!Had a bunch of different beers and the pulled pork nachos.Everything was very good and all the girls who work there are hot.
