4	This course is very low stress and relaxed.  Mostly par 3's, 2 water holes, overall an enjoyable course.  I am not a great golfer and our twosome was paired up with people of similar skill (luckily).  We did not feel rushed or hurried the way you can at some other golf courses.  We had a 10am tee time and the better golfers are usually much earlier (there are good golfers here too, don't worry).  Overall a great experience golfing here and the price was right ($25 in February)
4	I am in a golf league through my work and play here about 20 times per year.  This isn't the nicest course around, but it gets the job done.  It is a relatively small executive course with mostly par 3's and 4's.  For the most part the course is very well taken care of.  Some of the holes are pretty challenging which is good.Everybody in the pro shop is very friendly and helpful.  I pay $15 with a cart for 9 holes which I guess is pretty reasonable.  I'm not sure if that is the full rate because I am in a special league.I'm not 100% sure but I think the driving range is free.  Before I tee off I usually grab a bucket, fill it with balls, and head to the range.  Everything is just laying there so I just take it.  I have no idea if I'm supposed to pay or not.
3	This is a fun executive course, very pretty with a good amount of challenging holes. I was a bit disappointed in the quality of the greens. They didn't roll very true and had a lot of dry spots where the ball would just jump around.  Not particularly bad by any means though. The range was another disappointment. It is set up well with yardage markers, but the mats they expect you to hit off of are lumpy and worn out.  I booked a tee time for my foursome online, but it turns out you probably don't have to because this course will pile as many people as they can onto the course.  They ended up starting us about 15 minutes late and we were still in line at the first tee behind two other groups.  By the time we actually did tee off, there was no chance of finishing before sundown with all the people in front of us. It felt pretty rushed with no spacing between groups at all. However, other than a few issues with the greens, it really is a nice looking course and not a bad price. We paid around $20 a person for 18 holes. I would play here again during the off-peak season if I'm in the area.  You'll have a fun round if you can get over the fact that you'll be sandwiched between groups all day.
3	This course was exactly what I expected for an eighteen hole executive golf course, which is as old as Bellair and the surrounding neighborhood is. If I based my review on the pro shop experience this place would be a one star.When I first got to this course and went into the pro shop I was second in line to check in. I looked around and their merchandise selection was poor to say the least. The whole pro shop and restaurant area looked like it needed a remodel.After the gentlemen in front of me checked in, I walked up to the front counter and the pro shop attendant looked at me and walked away. He went outside and disappeared for about five minutes before returning to find me still standing there waiting to check in and pay. The pro shop attendant then looked at me like I was bothering him by being there.After finally getting checked in, I was sent out to play. The course wasn't in the best shape, the tee boxes, fairways, and greens weren't bad. Any areas outside of those looked terrible. There was little to no living grass in the rough and the sand traps were hard as a rock.I don't consider myself a golf snob by any means, so don't take this review as being nit picky. Play was decently paced even though the course was fairly busy. Even though this is an eighteen hole course don't be fooled the course is short with mostly par three holes ranging from 100 yards to 170 yards. There were four par fours but they were all under 300 yards and driveable.The greens fees were $25 for a 7:30AM tee time, which isn't bad. I didn't buy any food, drink or merchandise so I can't tell you the pricing on that stuff. I would imagine it would be similar to Glen Lakes or Desert Mirage because this course is basically an eighteen hole version of those courses.In all this course is pretty average. It's probably affordable to play in the winter when other courses are charging an arm and a leg, but in the summer take your business else where. Championship courses that are well maintained year round are much better then Bellair in the summer.I would be lying if I said that I wouldn't be back because in reality the course isn't bad and it's not a long drive from where I live.
