4	Great selection of really nice clothing, purses, and shoes. As with any consignment store shopping, the trick to a successful outing is taking the time to really sift through the racks to find that hidden gem.  This place is definitely worth a visit!
3	I stumbled upon this place during one of my driving adventures.  The staff was friendly and I found a lovely Ann Taylor dress and Burberry inspired bag which gets compliments everywhere I go.  They have a great selection and I think the prices are fair.  Nothing looked worn and they seemed to have something for everyone.  My friend was thrilled at the fact that they didn't have just "skinny girl" clothes there and catered to the more full figured woman as well. My negative?  I brought some suits in that had been cleaned and stored in space bags (at least one or two suits had never been worn).  I was told I had to bring them back on hangers and pressed.  Yes, I imagine that the could have used a quick press since they were in space bags but they really could have done that (I was told they were scared to do it for fear of ruining them) but the hangers?  I didn't get my things on hangers so why do I need to put them on hangers?  They snubbed their noses at a couple of items which I guess is to be expected since they are dealing with the Ballantyne crowd.  In the end, I wound up driving around with the stuff in my car for another month since I don't have time to iron 10-12 suits and other items and wound up giving them to my sister who was more than grateful and appreciated my taste (even the pieces they snubbed).
1	Stopped by the new store at quail corners....supposed to be a consignment shop...but they seem to think they are a Nieman Marcus...without the quality service...Their prices are laughable...a pair of Levi's  for 28.00? Aren't they like 32.00 new?  Don't dare make a comment or ask a question....the attitude there is more like if you have to ask, you can't afford it..terrible service, rude staff...over priced junk..steer clear...give them 1 star because the shop looks ok..if you want good deals, shop the outlet stores...this place won't last at this location too pretentious for the neighborhood...would rather see a nice coffee shop in its place
1	I came here to consign after hearing great reviews from a coworker. I will never go back. The women working were absolutely hateful. Not only did they snub their noses at my clothing (Lilly Pulitzer, Wildfox, J. Crew), but they also were completely malicious and rude. They literally asked me why anyone in their right mind  would take any of my clothes if they weren't hanging and pressed. This is something I easily could have done if they would have told me when I called beforehand. They continued to make derogatory remarks about my clothing, choice of education (ASU), and general lifestyle until I had the good sense to get the hell out of there. Don't waste your time and energy! Side note- I did notice they had very cute things for sale, but I would much rather purchase things from people who have even a tiny idea of what customer service means. Clearly, these women do not.
3	Divine Consign is a consignment shop that does more than just women's clothes.  They've got a small section for kids clothing, along with menswear, but there are also some household items, and artwork.  This being said, it's a bit confusing. Maybe this isn't always the case, but I was wearing athletic clothes when I went into the store, and didn't get any acknowledgement, let alone eye contact from the woman working there...while other women, dressed in everyday clothes did. I'll focus on the womenswear, since that's what I was hoping to find.  I did see some NEW Diane von Furstenberg dresses, with tags, selling for about $60.  Albeit they were from about 2006.  (I know this because I used to own one of the same dresses.) There aren't many higher end designer items...though there is the occasional Chloe handbag, or Tiffany bracelet. I'd say the inventory is geared toward about 80% middle-aged, and 10% mall brands, like J.Crew, Banana Republic, and another 10% designers like Milly or DVF.  Prices are what I expected for a consignment shop...though the selection could use some work.
3	I frequent this place about once a month to check out the new items although they tell me they put new items on the floor daily, as they come in. Overall the place offers nice, stylish clothes at reasonable prices. They are friendly and helpful. They take consignments only on certain days and they only pay out on certain days, so be sure to check. I also recently found out that you can only use your credit at the store you have it at. You cannot transfer it to their other store off Park Rd.
2	While this store is attractive and does have some pretty clothes for sale, I wouldn't personally frequent them again, either from a shopper's or a consigner's point of view.  The comments about the staff in the other reviews are mostly spot-on.  The women staffing this store seem to have an awful lot of attitude.  It may depend on who's at the desk on the day you come.  The first time I visited I actually got a lady who was pleasant and accepted many of the things I brought to consign.  The other two trips have been fairly disastrous - you leave there feeling confused and lower-class.  Ann Taylor, Laura Ashely, Banana Republic, in perfect condition - rejected.For shoppers, you simply are paying too much for used clothes, in most cases.
4	I love checking out consignment shops every time I travel and I very much enjoyed my shopping experience here. There is a cute dressing room also which I liked since the last consignment shop I visited had only a tiny bathroom without a mirror in which to try clothes. What I bought: a GREAT pair of sandals (I forget the name brand but they are a well-made sandal). I paid $20 and considering the details, I'd say they were at least $50 retail. There is also a great selection of jewelry interspersed throughout the store. I was on my way out when I spotted a pretty necklace with a leopard flower. It too was $20. Definitely a fair price for the quality. The shop also carries slightly used Louis Vuitton purses. The handles were just a tad dark so I knew they were just slightly used (and REAL!!) The normally $1850 was around $850.I will return when I'm in the area.
5	I have no idea where the people are shopping at that wrote the negative reviews - because this is my absolute favorite store in Charlotte!!I was tempted not to write a review at all because I don't want others to know about my "hidden secret" - but I just had to write something after visiting their yelp page.Both of their locations are great - they offer amazing clothes at great deals. I have visited other women's consignment shops in Charlotte and none come close to comparing.  The ladies that work here are fantastic (the owner, Amalia is an absolute doll and has great style - so you trust that her store will have great stuff as well)- they are all so sweet and so much fun to hang out with while browsing all of their hidden treasures. My husband has tried to "ban" me from this store - the thrill of the hunt seriously becomes an addiction - especially when you know you will always find great things. I always try to leave without buying anything - but somehow seem to find myself leaving with 3, 4 or 5 new things at a time! If you have read the reviews and don't want to visit that is fine (more for me!!) - but I would SERIOUSLY consider checking this place out if I were you!!
2	They do have some nice items up for sale. I noticed that immediately ( that's what the two stars are for). Sadly, I also noticed the attitude that the other reviewers mentioned just as quickly! I'm relatively new to the area, from NYC, & this shop is only a 10 minute drive from me but the atmosphere is certainly that of a snooty, high end boutique. As much as I love and adore designer everything I would much rather drive 25 minutes further to a very cool consignment shop in Rock Hill, with very sweet & warm ladies in a friendly atmosphere, just so I don't have to deal with any attitude. High end or not, a warm atmosphere and friendly service always gets you further. I speak from experience because I've been in the retail business, in both corporate & boutique environment as a manager, for many years.
1	This is my first negative review that I have left in my life. (54 year old!). I prefer to see the positive and good in every situation, instead of focusing on any negativity. This time I feel compelled to chime in and will completely agree with the other Yelpers in regards to the rude and unfriendly demeanor of the sales associates, as well as the owner herself. I have been in this store several times, both as a consigner and customer. Unfortunately, each time I visited this store I was treated as if I was second class. They don't make eye contact with you, are completely into gossiping and 'customer service' is non-existent. I love shopping at small, individual boutiques where you receive friendly service and the experience is fun and upbeat. There are plenty of great little boutiques and consignment stores throughout the Charlotte area that give such service and they leave you with a sense of gratitude, not attitude upon leaving. Regardless of whether or not they have nice things (and I give them two stars here) the lack of respect and friendliness is a deal killer.
