5	Here with Cinnabun at 6:45PM. Dr. Marsh and staff awaited our arrival as the visit was on an urgent no-appointment basis. The dachshund is being x-rayed for a potential back, bowel and/or bladder/urinary tract problem.  Great folks, and Dr. Marsh is an Ohio  State University vet school graduate "to boot"...Go Buckeyes!!
5	4 years ago we took our puppy for his first Veterinary visit and met with Dr. Marsh. His bedside manner and constantly amazing care earned our respect and trust, not only as doggie parents, but our dog learned quickly to trust him too. After 2 years of exceptional care, we moved out of the area and had to seek care under other vets. But because we trust Dr. Marsh, implicitly, no matter what the new vets say, we know we can always call Dr. Marsh for reassurance. He takes time out of his busy day to treat our dog from afar - no quips or questions asked. We wish he would move to where we are! We recommend Dr. Marsh to anyone who wants the best care possible for their furry friends. Thank you for everything, Dr. Marsh! Our baby wouldn't be as healthy as he is without you!
5	Dr. Marsh and his team gave my 8year old Lab his first dental cleaning. They were wonderful throughout the entire process! Check in was easy and they answered all my questions, nervous as I was to have him under anesthesia, they called after the procedure to inform me that he did great and everything went well but the best part was picking him up and seeing he had a pleasant experience. I saw his xrays and Dr Marsh explained everything. I would recommend Cobblestone for every pet owner, the team is top notch!!
5	Yesterday was our first visit to Cobblestone.  Sadly the visit was to put our cat to sleep, but thankfully the very caring Dr. Marsh (and his staff) made the experience the best he could for our family.  We would highly recommend him and will use his services again.
5	My pups have seen both vets, and they are absolutely fantastic with my fur-kids! Their bedside manners, and that of the staff, make it so much easier to get the pups to actually go to the vet! My Duke has been diagnosed with IMHA. Thanks to Dr. Marsh's quick thinking, Duke may have a chance at remission and living a long life. And thanks to the helpful guidance and explanations, I can help Duke live that life! They are an amazing group, and I recommend them highly!
5	Dr's Marsh and Jundt and their staff are the real deal. Super smart with kind and compassionate care. Reasonable prices too. I referred my boyfriend to them for his beloved kitten's spay. And I'm an employed CVT. Just sayin...
5	My little chi got attacked by another dog early Saturday morning.  Being new to the area I didn't have a vet, so I called around and no appts.. Cobblestone didn't either but they wanted to get him  in because of the circumstances. And I'm so glad I did. Not only were the support staff wonderful and caring but dr Amy was awesome and put me at ease.  She stitched up my little guy and sent us home with complete instructions and he is doing great. Thank you so much!
