5	Upon visiting Las Vegas, I was dying to get some great lip balm. I didn't pack any and it's so dry in Vegas! To much my excitement, they had a Kiehls store at the Forum Shops! I The women who helped me was very helpful. I LOVE my Kiehls products! And for someone who has lots of experience in the beauty industry, there are some that I just can't do without! Here are a few: Intensive Treatment for Dry or Callused Areas (great for feet), Lip Balm (tinted one- I like), Centella Recovery Skin Salve (for my sensitive eczema areas, Coriander Body Wash- to mention a few. They are always very good with giving samples at Kiehls, so if there is something you want to try, just ask, they'll hook ya up! You can also find Kiehls products at Nordstroms and Neiman Marcus. Everything I have tried I have fell in love with!
4	I feel like a kid in a candy shop in the Kiehl's boutique.  I have grown accustomed to ordering my Kiehl's products online or buying them at Nordstrom, Saks or Neiman's.They have samples galore and it's worth it to take the product home and try it before committing to a bottle if you can get it easily after taking it home. The product we've used the longest is the Mango Bath & Shower gel.  I also really like their facial moisturizers.  My daily moisturizer used to be the ultra facial moisturizer with spf 15, but I've since strayed from kiehl's and have been either just been using curel or boots.  The latest purchase is the lycopene face moisturizer which I find extremely helpful for dry patches on my face (it's great to use as a spot treatment since it's so darned expensive!!!).  All of these are non-greasy and fragrance free.  My favorite winter time moisturizer is their Creme d'Elegance Repairateur.  It feels like ultra airy whipped butter when you scoop it out of the jar, but it's not greasy at all and makes your skin sooooo soft.  It's $28.50 for a 2 oz. jar that usually lasts me one winter season. I thought I liked their lip balm (that comes in the plastic mini pot), but I have found that it actually seems to make my lips drier if I don't constantly apply it during the day... Not my favorite.They also make SPF 25 body moisturizer that I'm not particularly a fan of.  It's REALLY watery and don't get it too close to your eyes because this stuff REALLY stings.I've also tried the Abyssine cream, which is $40 for a 1.7 fl oz jar.  I have yet to see any difference from using this.  I'm not really noticing anything.  It claims that it diminishes effects of aging.  I've used it for about a year and clearly it's not working (see my Boots @ Target review).  It moisturizes really nicely, though, I just don't see it providing the results that are advertised.My husband LOVES their Ultimate Brushless Shave Cream - White Eagle. (5 fl. oz tube is $15.50)I think I'll stick to the Creme d'Elegance and bath products.
5	This place is amazing!! I have been using Kiehl products for years. And this location is great to stock up when you run out.The customer service is great, they are very helpful and will give you samples. They have some of the best products ever!!If you have problem skin they will take care of it!
4	This store is located on the lower level (access is tricky). I only used the Lip Balm, but I purchased the bigger pot of it (the tube is portable, and this is available in department stores too). This lip balm was celebrated in many beauty sections of fashion magazines. It was very effective- moisturizing. (But since discovering Lush a while ago; I love their lip balm, though it's more solid in the beginning of using it.) I did get a few samples with my purchase. The staff is really nice, too. I went here a couple times to buy the Lip Balm.  From the looks of these reviews, looks like there are a few fans here.
4	I have to tell you that I'm very happy with everything I purchase from Kiehl's..  which isn't allot, but the men's FACIAL FUEL line is really great. Is tumbled in there at the Caesars Palace location a few years ago and was hooked. I end up buying gifts from Kieth's for friends and family and they all get hooked too. The products are quality, the team that works at the various locations are usually very helpful and knowledgeable, AND I totally love the free samples when I purchase items! :]
4	Every time I go to Kiehl's with buddies, they get as hooked as I am. the service at the Caesar's Palace location is always great with awesome suggestions and so many free samples with purchase. Even a free travel sample when you check in at Yelp!At around age 29 i started to really focus on my skin and body, inside and out.. Kiehl's takes care of the aesthetic. Seriously give it a try if you haven't yet. You will be thankful you did.
5	Pro: It's a flagship store filled with beautiful products.Con: It's the ONLY flagship store in Nevada. And it's on the Strip, inside one of the busiest shopping areas in the city. The employees have always been friendly and helpful. I tell them my problem(s) and they show me the appropriate products. And they give me good advice and free samples (when you make a purchase). Their SPF is magical and manages to not to leave white chalky residue on my mugg like other brands.  Yes, it's expensive, but I think it's worth the splurge if you're a grooming  aficionado.
5	Kiehl's is EXCEPTIONAL. My exceptional experience began when I walked in late on a Sunday night, a bit sweaty from hoofing it from the Caesars Palace parking garage, walking past the wanna be club kids, and making my way to one of the famous curved escalators that was out of service. My grumbling at Caesars Palace evaporated like mist on a hot desert day when I stepped into Kiehl's. From start to finish I have rarely encountered service like I experienced here. I had questions on the products, I got answers. Knowledgeable answers too, and without any attitude. Service with a smile? I had interactions with 3 different staff members and all were professional, friendly, and very helpful. But while service is important, it's the products that brought me in. And while pricey, I do not regret my purchases almost 2 weeks later. Their shaving cream is outstanding, and they have other products that while they can't do the work of a plastic surgeon, they have slightly bent back the hands of father time and how I look when I look in the mirror. Once I made my purchase I didn't have to ask about samples. They asked me. And they chose things I could actually use vs. just shoving a bunch of stuff in my bag. When it comes to retail I am jaded, skeptical, even negative....but when I write that a place was truly exceptional...it has to be earned. The staff at Kiehls exceeded my expectations and their products did the same. 5 Stars, without question or hesitation and all of those stars are as legit as it gets.
5	I LOVE Kiehls, always have.It reminds me of my mom, the good old days as a teenager at home, having her buy me the products.Now I only buy their shampoo/ conditioners every so often, but love to browse and get samples of new hair and face products.Service is always exceptional, I'll be and off and on client for life!
5	Easter was an amazing resource.  She walked me through the product line, told me where the New York store was, and when the item I wanted turned out to be to big to take on the plane, she made me a sample to hold me over, despite the face I would not be able to buy it.Often when you go into a store and the sales person tries to help you, you are made to feel as if it is not genuine.  The people at this location are wel informed, helpful and seem legitimately excited about their products. This store is without a doubt worth a visit!
