4	I believe that this is the first location of Roberto's in town, although I may be wrong, but it is one of the first.  The building looks like nothing much from the outside, but it is always packed.  They have a drive-thru, but it can take a very long time to get your order.  They have a good selection and speak a lot of English at this location.  They are very quick in service and have nice specials.  They just don't have a shrimp burrito like some other locations.  They also have one parking spot, in front of the building, since most customers come from the MAX.  Expect to see some military personnel from the AFB and I'm sure there are lots of customers on the weekend from the adjacent swap meet.  I also found it interesting that this location has some arcade games and a jukebox.
5	I want to take this Taco Shop home with me. This is the first Mexican place I've been to where they had a little "hot sauce" bar. Sort of like a salad bar for hot sauces, veggies for your tacos, and those awesome jalapenos, onions & carrots.I had the steak taco, torta, & chimichanga...all top notch delicious! They didn't skip a beat in the way they marinated their meat, the pico de gallo they added and all the extra toppings. Plus, they're open 24 hours and have a drive thru. Love you Roberto.
1	Robertos is disgusting. Even when I'm drunk it's still gross. It's anything BUT authentic. More like a American place trying to be Mexican.
5	These Mexicans know how to make some great food! There Burritos are the best I've ever had, the Chile Rellenos are the bomb, and I love there Tamales! I wish Metro Detroit had one of these Taco shops. Gracias !!
5	As far as an inexpensive but still really excellent burritos is concern, this Roberto's is the best out of the ones (the others are located in the SW) I have actually tried.Unlike the other locations, the burritos served here comes to you nice and hot. The burritos is packed with the filling you ordered, and not with rice and beans.  The burrito I love ordering here the most is Lengua (tongue), it is simply the best.  I actually went here for lunch and again for dinner after my class in the same day.  And they do serve Shrimp Burrito at this location.They also have a simple fresh juice bar, where they will squeeze fresh oranges or carrots for your real fruits and vegetable juice.The decore is not impressive, although a crew was in there tonight to do some remodeling. So next week, when I go back, the interior may look a lot more presentable.  They still have a few arcade games in there, and the jukebox too.  The salsa, cucumber and other garnishes are still available in the self served bar.The staff here have no problem taking my order in English. The drive through is pretty active, but I didn't see a huge crowd in the store or in line for the drive-thru (could be the late lunch and late dinner times I was there).Parking is not a hassel here. Location-wise, I would recommend it to any CSN student attending classes or works at the Cheyanne campus and others in the area.  I would not recommend driving to North Las Vegas if you live or work too far away just to eat here.5 Stars for delicious burritos, good value for the money, and nice hard working staff in the kitchen.
5	Yum!  So good!  Decent price, great food, huge portions... I ordered the Beef Chimichanga and was not disappointed... I will be back!!
2	On the naughty listI can't really express myself here the full extent. What I will tell you is that the tacos are over $2.00 each, they taste better at Pepes Tacos.The location is horrible there are always people panhandling, or wanting to sell you something while you are trying to eat. The staff is really slow, they don't pay attention to orders. I asked for one thing they gave me another. They over charged me and didn't give a proper refund. Overall the inside looks dirty, just like the one on Easter Ave. The owner if Roberto Robledo, who is the owner of the Eastern, Durango, and a few more, So far the only location I can recommend is Warm Springs and Durango.
1	This place sucks!! The cashiers at this location don't know what they are doing! I asked for a carne asada burrito with red sauce on top and  aka a wet burrito, she told me no, she doesn't feel like making it! First of all, that's rude!  2 I'm the paying customer I get the order the way I want even if it means me paying more. And three where the hell is customer service!! Never again!! I has to talk to the manager and she said they don't have one???? Really??
1	Worst place ever.  First took forever to take my order then once they took my order it disappeared.   I said i want my money back she's too busy trying to find my food.  I said it a second time she says well what did you order? Really and her attitude was the worst.  I get she didn't understand my English but since where in the US please understand your customers are always right.  I will never eat at that place again.  They need to train ppl basic customer service skills.  Nasty attitude to go along with filthy restaurant.   Should have never stopped.
