4	Fantastic, professional groomers located in South End.  Ron and his experienced staff go above and beyond to get your fur baby looking their very best.  A bit pricey, perhaps, but worth every dime.  If your dog's breed requires a specific cut, this is the place to go.  Ron even donates his services to pups at the nearby Humane Society who need a 'special cut' in order to find a forever home!
5	Ron and his staff are the best.  I found Classic Grooming after buying a gift certificate for their services at a charity auction, as part of a pet package.I have never been anywhere else since.Ron even babysits Buddy while we're out of town now! Yes, you will pay a little extra but as the other poster said, it's totally worth every penny.
5	These guys are simply the best!
3	The name "Classic Grooming" should be replaced with the title "Show Dog Grooming," since that is exactly what they expect of each dog that walks into the salon. Although they made our little puppy look pretty they definitely made us a little self-concious of the way we were grooming our puppy (even though this is our first dog). For $65 with tip we received a mini- groom, which did not even include any cutting or plucking of the ears (which was the most important service we needed them to perform). Basically they bathed and brushed out all of the "knots" that were in our puppies' hair. When we went to pick him up we were criticized for our inability to brush him properly, which resulted in all of the knots that he had in his hair (Kind of bumped our egos down a couple of notches). We were also feeling a little bummed out by the fact that our initial estimation of $40 for a mini-groom was increased to $50 because of all of the knots that they had to brush out.In retrospect, I would have only taken my dog here if I were more concerned about his first experience at a groomers being positive, which is exactly why they said they did not perform the extra services on our puppy (They did not wan him to have a negative experience). When I take my dog to the groomers I expect them to perform all of the services that they are paid to do and not be so concerned with hurting the dogs feelings. Those of you who feel that a dog should be treated exactly as a human  will thoroughly enjoy this place (check out the hot oil treatments and pedicures for A DOG!)
5	We finally found our groomer!   Staff was great and very professional.  They cut our labradoodle exactly as we asked.   Which in the past has been hard for other groomers to do.   They made sure before we left that we were satisfied with the work.   It was also comforting to know that he wasn't in a crate all day while waiting his turn.   They have a large yard where the dogs can play and walk around.  Little pricey, but well worth it.
1	When the basic quoted charge is 50% higher than my regular groomer, and extras include $1.00 per minute for dematting (included in other groomer's basic charges), it just doesn't make sense to go here, especially when having to wait for 7 other "regular" customers go ahead of me. I only checked out this place because it's closer to home...but I will stick with Canine Carousel from now on.
5	I took my standard poodle here yesterday for the first time and was super satisfied.  The owner took tons of time to talk to me before and after grooming to make sure me and my dog would be happy.  The groomers did a great job with her cut.  The price may be a little higher than some other places but I know it will be done right and  they will make sure my dog and I are treated right and that is worth every penny.
5	I found Classic Grooming after a little internet research for my 3 year old Havanese and I am very happy that I did.  Her previous grooms had been a bit mediocre and a bad hair-cut was the last straw at her previous groomers.  I must say that after our first visit at Classic Grooming, she finally looks the way her unique breed should look.  The price was more compared to what I was paying at the previous Groomers, but the result was well worth it.  The staff was also very receptive to my requests and also very competent and knowledgeable regarding her specific breed.
4	I took my Yorkie-poo here and Ron was very honest with me about his anxious behavior. Instead of giving up on my tough puppy, he was willing to have him come stay to get acclimated to his environment before his next haircut. Thanks Ron and staff for your patience and love!
5	Hands down the best group of folks I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. The biggest thing for me is how my dog is treated with any provider I use, and the team at Classic truly cares about each and every dog that comes into their facility. Their prices are well in line with the level of services that they offer. While they do a fantastic job on some very detailed and amazing grooming for a variety of the dogs that I've seen there... they are also very welcoming and open to folks like me who just need the basic services. They use quality products, their techniques are amazing, and their interaction with the dogs is truly astonishing. I've just recently started using their "Day Camp"... and I couldn't be happier. Classic really is a "Full Service" groomer!
