4	La Paloma Mexican Grill is a little hole in the wall restaurant perhaps only the staff of St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center and surrounding office workers know about in, what I believe is, the Encanto Park neighborhood.Don't let La Paloma's exterior or existence in a small strip mall overwhelmed by a medical supply store keep you from checking this great restaurant.La Paloma is clean, the atmosphere friendly and the meals fresh, traditional and tasty. You order at the counter, then sit down to eat. For a Mexican restaurant, they have the typical dishes: Burritos, tacos, enchiladas, rice and beans.The surprise here is the small section of the menu devoted to Korean cuisine. The owners are Korean, thus have to have dishes of their native land. My husband had their Beef Bulgogi, which is Korean beef barbecue with fresh vegetables and rice and loved it. Craving guacamole, I went for chicken tacos and a side of a guacamole with an interesting spice combination.The only issue we had is that my meal arrived about 10 minutes before my husband's meal. It could be his dish took longer to prepare and they are used to the lunch crowd, which can have a casual attitude toward meal arrivals, If that makes sense. They are open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays and 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturdays. Closed Sundays.If you find yourself in the area, or are curious about La Paloma, definitely check it out. We'll definitely go back there in the future.
4	Now open Saturday.  They cater too.  Arizona home-style Mexican food.  I know, not like YOUR Momma's home style.  I too came in on a Wednesday lunch, about 12:45, with barely an empty table to be found.  Charming Andrea mentioned it was slow.  It didn't seem slow to me.  KVIB 95.1 Latino Vibe spun its English and Spanish world-ish kind of music over the air, and the Women's World Cup soccer game was on the TV.  By the time I finished my green burrito combination, the attractive, clean and neat La Paloma was nearly empty.  That's fine.  I insist on packing and using a digital camera instead of phone or blackberry.  Some people get very nervous around cameras.  Others jump in front to smile and wave.  I don't want to make people any more nervous than already happens.  That's why the pics show a nearly empty restaurant.   My words for the food is "home cooked."  The beans are just about like the first home-cooked refried beans I ate at Luis' grandparents, the rice home style rice.  My $6 green beef burrito would put the fear of the Cow God into any bovine finding out that much of them was going to be cooked in verde sauce and rolled into a giant flour tortilla.  The meat pretty tender, sauce mild.  I can't roll my eyes, smile broadly and exclaim loudly how great it was.  It was just fine.    You fetch your own chips at La Paloma.  Next to them are hot and mild salsas and mostly-onion plus tomato and cilantro pico de gallo.  Both salsas had lots of oregano.  That's just fine, because some kinds of oregano are a natural anti-bacterial.  The also both had red chile and some tomato sauce.  I'm thinking the heat in the hot sauce is jalapeno.  Hot is on the left, pico in the middle.  A different feature is the horchata and jamaica fountain - drink all you want for 30 cents more than soft drinks and ice tea.  My family likes horchata so I think that's a pretty good deal.  Jamica and horchata will be sugar loaded at La Paloma.  There is a full range of the usual (Coca Cola ?) sugar loaded and diet soft drinks too.The "Everybody's"  restroom was also clean and neat, but some guy didn't put up the seat.  Eeew.  We never lift it up or leave it down at the right times guys.  If you had scars like mine, you'd know when those times are.  Otherwise, neat clean, lots of scented soft soap, paper towels and other products.  As mentioned, parking is limited in front, the rear lot's football field size, and has parking.  La Paloma has a rear entrance.My main problem after lunch was staying awake.  Would I convince my running mates to eat lunch at La Paloma, spend about $7.00 for lunch and mingle with the St. Joe's lunch crowd?  Yes.
5	La Paloma catered a company meeting, and we were very satisfied with the food, good tasting and there was a LOT of it!! I worked with Lupe and Maria to come up with a mix of dishes to everyone's taste and the meeting was a success, with everyone lining up for seconds. We will be back!!
5	Food is fantastic and cheap. I usually get the taco, enchilada, beans and rice for like $6 and it is very good. Chips and salsa are free too.
4	Food is reallyyy good - I always get the cheese enchilada (and I hate enchiladas) with a beef taco, and the fish tacos are AWESOME too. They deliver really quickly. Side note: if you get it delivered, have exact change if you're using cash. EXACT change. One of the delivery guys always refuses to let us pay separately with cash when we order for lunch at work and it turns into a huge confusing mess...more dollar bills thrown all over the table than the stage at your local strip joint. Just either pay with a card or make sure you have the exact amount!
4	Great mexican food. Daily lunch specials. Quick service and reasonably priced. It is across the street from St. Joesph's Hospital, which is convenient for me. Have been here at least once a week.
5	Love the food here !
5	This place is amazing and everyone is very friendly at this family owned establishment. I enjoy all the food but especially like the Carne Asada plate. Very reasonably priced as well.
4	Went here for lunch. Really nice staff (young girl taking order and serving). Food is very good, not great. Excellent prices and is authentic not like BS places like Ajo Al's.Nice family owned place
2	Nothing special here just over priced Mexican food. Got two breakfast burritos and paid $15.00.
1	Got out of meeting late and wanted a quick bit to eat as I caught up on some email; tried out La Paloma as they delivered.  Food was fine, Carna Asada Burro - enchilada style and a coke.  Price was fair but the $5 delivery fee plus $ 3tip = $20 buro with no rice or beans.  3 star food with a 1 star value.  Eat in or not at all.
2	The food here is delicious. We frequent order from an office building next door. The score is low because the delivery is SLOW. The charge for delivery is $4.00 and it takes sometimes an hour to show up. Please take note managers...your delivery sucks...good thing the food is so good :-) it almost makes up for it.
4	I really like the food here.  Usually get the crispy beef tacos, rice and beans.  Tacos are a little small but really good.  Got a red tamale once, and it tasted good, but was a little hard and stale like it had been sitting around for awhile.  I want to say a little pricey but the only thing that's cheaper is like a filibertos type place and this is better food than those have.  Always have had good customer service.
1	I gave this place a try two times. Both times I've been very disappointed  on the quality if the food and their extremely slow service. The food made my tummy ache all day after I returned back to the office. Unfortunately I will no longer return. Sorry la Paloma, I really wanted this to be my near neighborhood Mexican spot
1	Used to be great. .. my go to spot. .. not so much anymore. .. I don't know what they did,  but the food tastes,, medicinal now.  Seriously,  what happened? !. I keep thinking "it will be back to it's old self" again..but no.  I gave them three chances, and its still not good.  I won't be back until I see some reviews that reflect a change for the better. ...
