4	I came here looking for answers to my chronic all over body pain. Dr. Crowley and the rest of the staff are amazing! It's a rare thing to find a doctor who will listen to you and take time to answer any questions. I'm an RN so I'm somewhat skeptical of physicians. I highly recommend this practice. Dr. Crowley went above and beyond when I told her about my troubles finding a psychiatrist and she immediately got me an appointment with an amazing doctor! I have some answers now and even though I still have the pain, it is easier to deal with knowing I have such an amazing medical staff to help me through it.
1	You will find a running theme from people  at the various offices they have , about how they are treated when it comes down to money issues-very poor.Sadly, this overshadows their work. The business office I would liken to a Nazi culture. Totally unprofessional IMO. Medically, they do a very good job and I was a patient for 10+ years. Kathy  who is in charge in the back and Scott Brown , a P.A. ,  are great at this office(Thomas Rd, Phoenix). I rarely got to see Dr. Tesser -maybe twice a year,  but Scott kept me mmostly out of pain from my RA and him and I had a great rapport , always talking about sports or motorcycles.I hate doctors and did not mind going to see these folks. Then things changed, on one visit they administered an Infusion to me without getting the prior authorization. They sent me a bill after the insurance did not pay for it because of their mistake. It is not my job to get the prior authorization, it is theirs. And,  I was flabbergasted to get a bill and a demand for payment of $200.I discovered all of this after the incident below:For the next 18 months I visited them every 60 days or so and then one day I tried to make an appointment and was told by staff I could no longer make appointments. They referred me to the Head of Billing and gave me her direct line.  I called the person from my car and had Billing on speakerphone so my friend who is also a patient could be a witness. I went through another back and forth with billing about what was billed, when it was for etc. Ms. Head of Billing acknowledged she received my certified letter back undelivered (the one discharging me as a patient)  but proceeded to tell me that the "Practice" had decided to discharge me as a patient. Her explanation was that I was too much trouble as a patient and that it was a group decision to "discharge" me. I was floored and got emotionally upset and was not happy at all to hear this. Especially after 10 years and thousands of dollars of business they got from me. Being discharged after 10 years for a $200 billing disagreement was and still is shocking to me. Granted, it was unresolved but that is because the charges could never be validated.They still cannot tell me what it is for though i figured it out myself. I tried to speak to someone else and she refused to transfer me to anyone. I asked for her supervisor's name and she said she was the only person I could talk to and that the decision was final and I had no recourse and no, there was no one else to talk to. "Surely you have a supervisor" I asked. She avoided a direct answer and repeated herself that there was no one else to talk to.  I asked her if she knew that my RA is pretty aggressive, that I had just had my 10th anniversary as a patient and did she realize I would be without medication etc. and she did not care-100% cold-hearted about the situation. I offered to pay the bill blindly even though she could not tell me clearly what the bill was for "might be your deductible" she said. My friend witnessed the entire call (since it was on speakerphone) and can attest to the content of the call, her rude demeanor and her inability to tell me what the bill was for. Essentially, I was fired as a patient and there was nothing to be done about it. So, the morale of the story is, if you get on the radar of the 'Billing  Nazi' for ANY REASON i.e. cancelling appointments, disagree about over billing or anything financial, you should find another doctor because they are going to "discharge" you the first chance they get. When Dr. Gluck was alive and they were on 19th Avenue(before the name change) this was a friendly and helpful office. His sudden passing must have affected them financially because shortly thereafter, they became part of  Arizona Arthritis & Rheumatology Associates, P.C. They have never been the same since! Good Luck.
1	Unbelievably bad service.  They made me wait 1.5 hours for my appt and then treated me like I was just another source of revenue.  5 minutes with a PPA and then maybe 10 minutes with the Dr. The Dr looked he was annoyed to treat me. Then some blood work and then come back and see us in three months, with no help in between.  When you call to make or change an appt you have to listen to a 10 min long commercial on what they can do and are placed on hold forever to talk to someone.  I have been trying to change an appt now for over three hours ... waiting on the phone then getting hanged up on.  Call back and wait an hour with no response.   I called their number 18 TIMES! Forget it!  This place SUCKS I am a person and will not be treated this way.  Oh then there is the threat to bill you if you miss an appt. but then there is now way to change an appt.  NOT EVEN an email address from their web page.  WTF?!?  Its obvious whats going on here, the Dr's are too concerned about making money and not at all concerned about the health of their patients.  That's why there is little to no support staff (to reduce expenses) and long waits because they over booked. That way they can cram in as many people as possible. Good bye forever.STAY AWAY ... STAY FAR, FAR AWAY!
1	AVOID this money grubbing office. I had an initial appointment which I could not make because my gout was so bad the day of the appointment that I could not walk or drive. I called in and talked to one of their schedulers and she said not to worry about it and to call back to reschedule when I was feeling better. I specifically asked if there would be any rescheduling fee and she said there would not be. I called back later in the month to reschedule and they will not let me reschedule until I pay them a $75 no-show fee. They were not interested in hearing my side of the story and their "records" of my appointment were not accurate. They are all about caring for income and wealth and apparently could care less about caring for patients. There is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly ..,. read their doctor reviews online!
4	Okay, I have read all the reviews, so here is mine. Dr. Kruetz, was wonderful.  I came in for possible diagnoses of Arthritis,  and he listened to all of my issues, did examination. No arthritis,  only tendonitis. Now, I was given 3 treatment options, and opted for the cortisone injections.  No pain from injection, and the nursing staff was just as awesome.  I arived at 8 for check in as recommended,  appt.  was for 830, nurse called me back at 830! No complaints here.
1	I tested positive for a connective tissue disorder and made an appointment at this practice. During my appointment it became clear that this disorder was not my doctor's specialty. After further testing, I was contacted by her assistant with a positive diagnosis of this very serious and potentially fatal disease. I found out that another doctor in her practice has experience with the disorder and attempted to make an appointment with the other doctor. I was told that it was forbidden. Regardless of the fact that the first doctor was ignorant of this disease, and that she already made mistakes in her advice to me, they would stick to their policy. I would avoid this practice because it is not patient centered.
1	There is a clear lack of organizational process and customer service from my experience with this organization. Ranging from long wait times to being unable to find records even when I sent them myself. I would have to agree with the majority of comments posted here. I was personally told they didn't care about Internet reviews by their office manager after mentioning the negative feed back I  had read.  Without going into details I would say keep looking better options are out there.
1	I went to the Mesa office. I will not being going back and would never refer anyone to this clinic. Everything, minus the nice xray tech, was terrible.When I went in for my initial appointment there was a guy sitting at the reception desk. I signed in (noticing there were three other patients' names still on the clipboard because they didn't bother to, in over an hour, remove the stickers to protect patient privacy) and received no greeting. He sat there half facing me, had facing the girl at checkout, carrying on a conversation. He completely ignored the next patient to check in as well. Couldn't even be bothered to look up. I sat in the waiting room for 10 minutes and neither he, nor the girl sitting at checkout, bothered to acknowledge anyone. While it turns out he was not the receptionist, you shouldn't be sitting at the first window, being the first impression of a doctor's office, and refuse to even smile and say hi.The doctor herself was also lousy. I saw Areena Swarup and felt completely blown off. By the end I was fighting back tears. She suggested a couple meds for sleeping, which I had to remind her about five minutes later and blew me off when I told her I had tried the dose she suggested and couldn't function on it. She also suggested that I exercise. I kept telling her I was seeing her because I was too exhausted to even get out of bed and that I wanted to exercise (I was extremely active before I got sick last year). Yet somehow exercise is going to help the fact that I am too sick to exercise? The phlebotomist wasn't terrible, but definitely not good. When I first got there another woman was saying how the woman wasn't able to draw blood on her that day. Instead of quickly inserting the needle she did it extremely slow and got a poor stick as it took forever to draw the blood. I have fantastic veins and have had enough blood draws to know this wasn't my issue.The last issue I have is the fact that they never even bothered to call in my scripts. It's now a holiday weekend and I'll have to wait until Tuesday to be able to get the only potential help from this horrible clinic.There are plenty of other rheumatologists in the Valley, go to any other one, this place is terrible!
1	I should have checked on yelp before I even bothered making an appointment at this place. My appointment time was at 9:15 check-in I arrived at 9 o'clock paperwork in hand which I had already filled out. After waiting for 30 minutes I went to the front desk because maybe someone had forgotten about me. I was rudely told by the woman at the front to please sit down and she will be with me shortly. After almost an hour I was finally called to pay my co-pay. I then waited an additional hour just to be called into an exam room. After 30 minutes I was finally seen by the P.A.and was told the doctor would be in to see me shortly. By shortly I guess he meant an additional 30 minutes. Dr Bennet literally spent 10 minutes with me and that included an entire body exam. He never apologized for all my time he wasted nor did he hardly seem bothered or interested in anything having to do with my well-being. What a complete waste of time and money I will be reporting this to my insurance. Do yourself a favor and do not go to this office if you're looking for a doctor that truly cares about patients. He's a sorry excuse for a rheumatologist. And his office staff are clearly clueless
1	Holy Moly this place is horrible!!  I read the reviews before going but continued with my visit due to being referred to their practice and they were highly recommended by my physician.  Oh my goodness what a nightmare of an experience!  I was originally referred to see Dr Peters who I have heard is amazing, however he was booked out for months in advance and my referring dr. told me to see the first available due to my condition.  When I called to schedule I was cut off several times and the scheduling staff was so rude!  They told me that they wouldn't continue our conversation until I sent a written referral to their office from my referring dr stating that he was referring me...even though my referring dr had already sent my files and a hand written note stating why he was referring me and the need to be seen.  Yes they confirmed that they received it and were looking at it, but needed a statement that specifically said that my dr was referring me.  The referring dr couldn't believe it because my insurance doesn't even require a referral?  When I finally got in to see Dr Kreutz he hardly made eye contact, seemed like he didn't want to be there at all and appeared that he didn't care at all.  I called to transfer to Dr Peters as I was originally referred to and the scheduling staff was once again a nightmare!!  She literally responded after a pause, "ugh, what do you want again?".  I couldn't believe it!  When I explained the desire for transfer and explained that I was previously referred to Dr Peters anyways and the only reason I saw Dr Kreutz was because of first availability, she cut me off with "no".  That's it, just "no".  After the rude no followed by silence, I said "ok, so that's it?".  She responded with "ya, no".  Unbelievable.  Don't waste your time to just be treated horribly!
5	I cannot for the life of me understand the bad reviews. I've been seen here for years and have never had an issue with the staff, scheduling, billing, etc.   I am now seen by Dr. Kruetz. He's awesome! He's personable and knowledgeable. As an RN, I know many doctors are pill pushers. Dr. Kruetz is not! He's big on educating patients on other methods of pain relief. From exercise to diet.    Knowing his goal is the same as mine, to manage my fibromyalgia with the lowest dose of medicine possible, is reassuring.   The MA that I usually see is the sweetest woman ever! She remembers that I have kids, their ages, my job... just little things that make my visit seem like I'm a person and not just a number.  The reception desk staff is friendly and efficient.   I'll continue to be a patient here and I'll continue to refer friends and family here.
4	Again, It was necessary  to go see Dr. KRUETZ.  He was professional and friendly.   He listened  and came up with  a game  plan.  I would highly  recommend  this office  an personally  this physician.   My appt was at 215 in the  afternoon.  I was concerned  that  being  late  in the  day eveyone  would  be  behind.   Not  the case, I was called back at 215pm. Right  on time.
