5	This place is awesome! It's a real barber shop experience... and not just the little candy cane looking spinny thing (they don't have one, consider it a real, modern, barber shop experience). A basic haircut costs $21 (and they offer shaves and they have lots of other packages too) and you get the haircut, with scissors and combs and stuff, not just a quick clipper session, a shampoo, a hot towel on the head, a kick ass shoulder and head massage and they even trim sideburns and neck lines with a straight razor. You walk in and they know who you are, they remember what you like and they get you in and out. Oh, and I almost forgot, each chair has its own flat screen and direct TV receiver- saweet!  You don't really need an appointment, it's the type of place where they will find a way to get you in whatever time you go, very laid back which is always a major plus in my book. And not to get too sappy, but they give a $1 discount if you come in with your son, father or grandfather which I love. I am actually looking forward to bringing my 2 year old in as soon as I am sure he wouldn't just go straight for the shaving cream and razors!Definitely a keeper for me, I would highly recommend stopping in for a cut.
5	This place rocks. Got my hair cut last week and it was a great experience. And to top it off, they dropped their prices. Sweeet!
5	Hot shaving cream to clean up the edges on a haircut?  A hot towel and massage to wind down?  This place is fantastic.Rushel is everything I want to see in a barber, and one of the best parts of prepping for my recent wedding was going to him for a hot shave and tune up.  Gold Scissors is clean, well-equipped, and everything about it shows the pride and care that they have for their business.
5	Outstanding!  I get my haircut every week, so I have high standards.  I just moved here from Texas and was pretty worried about finding a new barber.  This place has not let me down.  No need to worry about finding the right barber either.  All of the staff are very good at what they do.
5	These guys are the best in town for mens hair cuts and prices.  Thanks, guys!Steve
5	Took my 7yr old son here because of a mailer coupon I had recieved. Place was not busy (not sure if thats a good or bad thing), but staff was great. My son got right in and eventhough we had a woman barber(?), she listened to our requests and my son was happy with his cut!They honored my 5$ off coupon even on the childs cut price. I was very pleased with this place! Thanks!
4	Very good cut here at a reasonable price.  It was one of the rare scissors-only cuts that are hard to find since so many "stylists" want to use the buzzing clippers for sides and back to save time.  Location is tucked around the south facing side of the shopping area, over by the Papa John's Pizza.
5	These guys are true professionals. An old-fashioned haircut, followed by hot foam and straight-razor.  Like something out of the 50s in New York!  When your hair is the way you want it, you get a steaming hot towel over your head and a neck and shoulder massage to finish it off.  A VERY classy joint!
5	From out of town on business needing a clean-up. Outstanding service, attention to detail and value. If I lived nearby, I would be a regular.
5	Sure, $9.99 sounds great to go take the easy way out at Sports Clips..OR....you can get a $20 haircut at a classy joint like Gold Scissors!Good people who know how to cut hair and are communicative work here.  They'll make sure you leave the building a better man.  You also have the option of watching sports while getting your hair cut.
5	I went to the same barber for nearly 20 years and when he retired, I spent months trying to find a decent barber in my area. One day by chance I stopped in and I have to say I was very impressed! Great family owned shop with excellent service and even better cuts. Don't go anywhere else!
