3	Besides the fancy iPad looking thing this place gives you upon arrival (substitute for actually filling out paperwork - warning: might be hard for older patients) which I thought was pretty cool, this is pretty much your standard urgent care. Wait around for 45 minutes, see the doctor for 3 minutes, get a script for your pills, and you are on your way. No real bedside manners (sometimes that's nice when you're sick and miss your mom) but overall - decent place. Having to go to places like this just makes me want to find a primary doc ASAP.
1	I went and after waiting 45 minutes at FAST Med, got no diagnosis and sent to the ER or my doctor.  I was charged $115.00 for that.  Seems like a lot to have to pay for nothing.  Now I have to pay again, somewhere else.
1	Don't waste your time here. This place is so slow you will die of old age before you are treated for what you came in for. Lethargic, non-caring staff and I'm pretty sue the doctor naps in between patients.
5	I visited this clinic in mid December at around 9am.   There was one person ahead of me when I arrived.   The girl at the check-in desk was very nice and offered me a bottle of water and handed me the paperwork to complete. I was seen in about 15minutes, talked to the doc, did a quick test, got results and was prescribed medication.    They happily billed my insurance company.
5	Went there yesterday feeling terrible (sore throat, ear ache, fever). I did the online pre-registration to save time but didn't need it because I was the first one there. They've simplified the sign-in process by doing it in paper. The electronic sign-in process seemed to take too long. I was in and out of there in less than 20 minutes. Had an excellent nurse p.a. who gave me the right prescription to get me feeling better fast. I would definitely go there again. There hours are great if you're not able to see your primary doctor. If you feel it's something worse and need to go to the ER, then by all means go to the ER and don't go to an urgent care.
1	I went there after a bad fall with a bad cut that wouldn't stop bleeding after 2 hours. The place was empty so there wasn't much of a wait. Aside from a tetnus shot, a quick cleaning and bandage, they didn't do much.  They used a new medicated bandage they had just gotten.  When I got home, I sat to rest for a bit and when I stood up, therewas a puddle of blood.  It was still bleeding heavily through the next day.  It should have had sutures. Won't waste my time going there next time I need medical care.
5	This was my first time to an urgent care facility, and I was pleasantly surprised. Dr. Ding was really efficient, and knows her stuff!
5	I try not to give out 5 stars lightly, and FastMed deserves a 5 star rating.  I never thought I would be writing a review on how an Urgent Care facility amazing.  With that said, I cannot say enough about the staff and how I was treated.  I came down with a terriable sinus infection late Saturday evening, and was parked out front when they opened Sunday at 8am on 12/01  (which I think 8am on a Sunday is pretty good)  I was the first person in and there were no others coming in behind me.I filled out the normal 1st time patient paperwork and read the HIPPA info, but whats nice is the offered me an OJ why I did waited!!!  What a nice and personal touch.  Also they even noticed it was my birthday and mentioned happy birthday to me.  Not only did I find this impressive this is also and indication that they read their paperwork.The staff was personable and the PA that saw me actually talked to me like a human, she asked what I normally had been given (I am a long time suffer of sinus infections and know exactally what works and what doesn't)  She even made a suggestion for a better nasal spray that I liked way more than what I had previosuly been taking.My regular doctor is at the Mayo which is a very long drive for me being in Old Town, however I would not think twice about coming here again.I hope that management sees this reviews and gives the staff there the proper recoginition.
5	I work in the same plaza as this place and I came here after work due to a infected tooth. From the time I clocked out, walked here, signed up as a new patient, waited, saw the doctor, got my script, walked back to work to get the script filled, waited for it to be filled, and went on my way home. Total time was roughly 55mins-1hourFAST.Try to see Marguerite McClain if you can. She rocked! Super nice, friendly, and understanding!
5	Thank you FastMed for the quick service I received this morning! Don't let the non-friendly, smile free guy at the front desk discourage you, once you get past him you'll be very pleased with the customer service.The young man who took my vitals was friendly, polite and courteous and the PA, Andrew was terrific! He has great energy, very knowledgable and quick! I'm feeling better already! Thank you FastMed I'll be back!
1	I first would like to say the the medical part of this company was great.  I was in and out in a professional and quick manner.Everything else about this company is not so great.  I was here back in August of 2013 and since I did not receive a bill from them, I thought my health insurance took care of it.  I thought everything was squared away until saw that there was a medical collection agency on my credit report yesterday.  I called the collection agency agency and was told it was because of FastMed Urgent Care.  I asked the collection agency to tell me the address that all the correspondence was being sent to, and my unit number was left off!!  So of course I would not have seen anything.  Now there is a really simple thing that FastMed Urgent Care could have done, which is to pick up the phone and dial 10 digits to get a hold of me.I have since then paid the amount, and the collection agency is more than willing to help me clear this incident from my credit report.  This is just more unnecessary work for me when all that could have been done was call me.
5	This is the best urgent care I've been to.  I have 3 children so I've been here quite a few times.  Always in & out in about 30-45 mins.  Average wait time is only about 15 mins.  Staff is very friendly & knowledgable.  They accept most ins plans including AHCCCS.  If you've been there recently you don't have to fill out all the forms again just the one explaining why you're there that day, like the symptoms page.  Highly recommend this place, they're wonderful!
1	UNPROFESSIONAL, UNCARING and RUDE! As a healthcare professional and having owned and managed several pediatric clinics here in the Valley, I was shocked and disgusted with the lack of professionalism and to the indifference to the needs of patients demonstrated at the FastMed URGENT CARE Clinic! My Husband injured his back and was unable to walk or sit. He was in constant agonizing pain. I made an appointment at FastMed, we arrived early and filled out the necessary paperwork. We waited 40 minutes past our scheduled time while the pain my Husband was experiencing increased in severity and had become unbearable. He fell to the floor and was lying on the floor unable to get up. The front office employee, Dana simply ignored the situation while others in waiting area looked on in horror and some even asked Dana if "there was someone who could  help the man on the floor". Her response over and over was simply, "Someone will be right with him". After I took care of him and tried to make him more comfortable, I went and asked Dana if my Husband could go back and lie on an exam table as he was unable to sit. It was awful to see him  lying on the floor in so much pain in the waiting area! With much reluctance, she got up to ask someone if he could come back. So, after 55 minutes, my Husband was brought back and he was allowed to lie on exam table. We waited for 15 minutes for someone to come into room to check on him. I then spoke to someone in the back to let them know we had been waiting OVER an hour and my Husband was in extreme pain. Again, I was told, "The doctor will be right with you".  About 10 minutes later, a medical assistant popped her head in and said, "The doctor will be with you soon". When I tried to tell her how much pain my Husband was in, she ignored me and walked out of exam room. The Physician Assistant, Jie Ding came in about 12-15 minutes later, looking very annoyed and without looking at either one of us stated, "What is all the moaning about?" - his bedside manner was abhorrent and rude. After everything we experienced up to that point, along with the treatment we received from the PA, Ding, we opted to leave immediately and go to an Emergency Department. (We chose FastMed because an ED generally can be  busier with extremely long wait times along with higher co-pays.) Upon entering Scottsdale Healthcare Osborn ED, the nurse and aides moved quickly upon seeing the condition of my Husband and came out to assist him to a room. The physician immediately came in assessed the situation, ordered X-rays and gave my Husband medication to ease his pain until they were able to view the images and fully examine my Husband to make a proper diagnosis. The nurses and physician were efficient, caring, competent and knew how to address the needs of the patient. We received OUTSTANDING care at Scottsdale Healthcare Osborn. NEVER again will I ever step foot in a FastMed Urgent Care clinic!
5	i'm on a contract with a nursing home. so far, i've gotten a nasty foot fungus, a cold (the first i've had in over 8 years), and most recently, a swollen, red, tender "abcess" on my arm.....all from working at this one nursing home!none of the other stuff bothered me, but the thought of having VRE or MRSA or cellulitis or getting a wound vac on this very sore, very painful prick on my arm made me super nervous. you can make an appointment on line....actually you reserve a time slot, but it's not necessarily an appt...you will get priority over walk-ins. admission was easy and fast and my insurance covers the visit, with a small co-pay. the lobby and treatment areas were very clean and the staff was professional. i was seen by an actual MD, which is rare because urgent cares normally use PA's right? the doctor was courteous and very likeable and we even chit chatted about my current work facility hygiene (and lack thereof!). he prescribed me a few drugs but said to give the arm another day or so and if it was still red, go pick up the antibiotics and start taking (or he said pick them up now and start, but i'm kind of a sucker for not taking any pills). a great place for a quick fix. open on sundays too!
4	Quick help for sickies. Let's just say your friend burns her hand on the grill. It's Saturday am, WHAT DO YOU DO? WHAT DO YOU DO? You check in online, show up 30 mins later, give them your copay and see a doc. The place is clean. The online check in is a breeze and you walk out with your script waiting at the pharmacy if you need one. I still remember a time when one used to wait until Monday or go to the Emergency room. We are so spoiled.
2	Terrible urgent care. Took over 2 hours to be seen.  When we arrived there were only 4 people in the waiting room.  My wife is pretty sick and couldn't get into our doctor until tomorrow so we had to try urgent care. I'll never go back to this one. Frankly I'm amazed at their high reviews.  Maybe this isn't the norm?
1	Absolute worst experience I have ever had at an urgent care facility. I visited Fast Med after falling during a hike and was told by the receptionist that the wait would be an hour.  After waiting for over 2 hours and having multiple patients who arrived after me (and did not sign up online) called in, we left the facility. I understand there are waits to see a Dr., but to be continuously skipped over and told "your next" is bad business. Will never return.
1	Incredibly slow. Rude service. Horrible experience. Waited in the doctors office for over an hour only to get three minutes of actual treatment. After finishing my appt I had to wait another thirty minutes just to pay for the medicine and "care" that was provided. The lady at the receptionist claimed she didn't work at the location and that was the reason why she couldn't ring me out and made me wait for someone else to ring me out. All around horrible experience. Stay away if you can.
1	FastMed? More like SlowMed. This is hands down the worst experience I have ever had with an Urgent Care. The only reason I went is because I received notification that my doctor had left my service network last week. The place had me wait over two hours to see a "doctor" who then said he had no clue what was going on with me. He recommended to take a medication that I actually saw at CVS myself--same exact milligram dosage as well. Not only is the doctor inept (if he is a doctor at all), but I actually think a paperclip is smarter than the staff. They are rude as well, and I actually saw a girl essentially begging to pay the receptionist for her medication when I got in as she stood there for 20 minutes. By the look on her face, she had probably been waiting there since sunrise. This place is about as useful as a wet piece of bread. If you are in serious need of urgent care, you would be better off watching a "do it yourself" video on youtube than go to this joke of a place.
1	Very slow service and unfriendly staff. People there don't care about your health, only insurance. They say things that they don't do. An employee there by the name of Terrance is very rude.
