1	Right in the heart of Chinatown this place is always dead because the AM-PM across the street serves food & Cheaper gas. Last time I was here they evacuated everyone because of a propane leak. Did I forget the water down their gas.
4	One of the cheapest gas station in the Chinatown area, located right now Spring Mtn. Rd.  Besides being hit up for change or money for gas for stranded 'tourists', I have nothing but satisfactory experiences getting gas on the way back from work, if the vehicle is running on fumes.Prices is typically two whole reddish cents higher than the Arco across the street, except they take cards.Location:  5/5. Very accessible if you are near Chinatown or the Wynn and Nearby casinos.Price:  4/5. Never the lowest gas price in town, but priced to move.  Service:  3/5. Pay at the pump or with the cashier, and inhale as little petro fumes as you can feeding your car's never ending thirst of the sweet crude derivative.Four stars.  It would be five, if air for the tires is free.  But I have not seen that traditional service offered for free in Vegas.
4	Cheap gas alert! Cheap gas alert! Cheap DIESEL alert!Fellow Yelpers in Las Vegas who drive motor vehicles... This Circle K may have the cheapest gas in town. Plus they have incredibly cheap diesel. My boyfriend drives a Jetta TDI, which takes diesel and we went here yesterday to find incredibly cheap-o diesel.It's in a skeezy neighborhood, you might be hit up for change by the somewhat sleezy folks hanging around outside, but if you're rummaging in your change jars for gas money this may be your best bet (outside of places like Costco).
4	On my way to see a play at Las Vegas Little Theatre and decided to stop here a fill up.  While the station across the street was a bit cheaper, this was easy in and out for me.  It also was the same price as Costco and there was no surcharge for using a credit card.I did get hit up by someone wanting money.  I ignored him and after awhile he went away.  This certainly is a good option if you're in the neighborhood and needed gas.
1	Totally ignorant . And I speak of the person that is currently working there . All I did was ask for a pack of cigarettes and begins to talk smack to me about California and some random shit. The eff??
