5	I found out about this place through an Amazon Local deal, which gave me $35 off an acne peel and facial (originally $70) and an additional $35 another treatment. I decided to give it a try since it seemed like a great deal.Upon arriving at the office I was immediately greeted by Tori, who would be the one to perform my treatment. She was very friendly and waited patiently while I filled out my new patient paperwork.After I finished the paperwork she led me back to where my facial would take place. Overall, I had a great experience. Tori was very attentive to my needs and always made sure I was comfortable. I also really liked how she would always tell me what she was applying to my face and why. She didn't just go through the procedure to get it done, she explained each step and answered any questions I had. My facial was only supposed to last 20 minutes, but Tori went ahead and performed extractions and really took her time to make sure I had the best experience possible, which I really appreciate. After my facial finished, we discussed further treatment plans and products that would be beneficial to my unique skin type. I even received a free sample of a sunscreen she applied to my face during my facial. After my first appointment I was greatly pleased and have scheduled another facial with her. I highly recommend Chic La Vie and Tori to anybody interested in improving their skin.
5	This review is for Debrah Torres. I've been coming Debrah for laser hair removal and facials since December and I have nothing but rave reviews. Debrah is absolutely amazing. She's very professional, has an amazing bedside manner and truly cares about her clients. Laser is certainly not defined as a "comfortable" procedure but Debrah is quick and efficient. She has state of the art technology and cares about the integrity of her patient's skin. After my first treatment I greatly appreciated her checking up on me a few days later to make sure all was in order. I have also had the opportunity to have a mild chemical peel and microderm abrasion facials done with Debrah. My skin looked and felt amazing after each facial.
5	Thank you Debrah for the great service & facial. I've had many facials done in my past but this experience was great. After receiving a  breast augmentation done by Dr Lane Smith(Owner of Chic La Vie) I was offered a free facial. So who am I to turn down a facial? Lol. Anyway, upon arrival I was greeted promptly & waited approx 5 min for my esthetician Debrah. She directed me to the comfortable & clean room where the service began immediately. It felt great and she gave me a lot of advice for my skin plus products I should try. I'm very satisfied thank you so much. -Microdermabrasion facial
