1	Stay away, Workman ship is terrible $1100 door has bolts not flush to the wall. Squeaking already after two weeks.  Marilin very rude on phone and continues to blow you off and then hangs up on you, Very rude. I have a statement that will be posted about the events of how I was treated it's going to  long and will follow this review within a week. But for now do not consider this company. Buyer beware.I'll make this as short as I can. I had to stop payment through my CC because Martins Doors (Garage) which I needed one and after telling the worker Ryan that I need to match the color of the other doors in the development which are a light Tan which most house's have and some have a light green. But my door which matched the house was Tan. Ryan say's no problem the only difference the panels will be slightly different and from across the street you won't be able to tell the difference. I told him styles change but my only concern is the color, He assure me there would be no problem. After the work was done he came with a bill of sale which I signed. He showed me the door going up and down from the inside and I said ok never thinking to check the outside for the color. We agree on the color who thought he would slip in a White door. I paid and about 10 minutes later I told my wife lets see what it looks like from the outside. I went outside and the door was white and it was about the whitest white can be. It looked terrible not matching house and now I'm going to have to deal with the HOA. I called and spoke to a Marilyn  who told me the boss was not here and this was a Thursday and he wouldn't be back till Monday. I said that's when your going to swipe my CC and that's when she said I won't do anything until we resolve this matter. I told her at  that time I was leaving town on Tuesday and wouldn't be back until Saturday so I would appreciate her getting in touch with me on Monday. On Monday around early afternoon I had to call her to see what's up and she didn't even remember me I had to remind her. She then said I'm in a meeting with the boss Ken about how to resolve the problem and I'll call back within the hour. I waited two hours and she said I'm still in a meeting and never heard from her again that day. Tuesday came I left town but before that I made sure she had my Cell number and she never call. When I got back my CC had been used for the purchase without her ever calling me to find a solution to the problem.When I called Monday she said Ryan said I asked for White and they didn't have almond anyway (I told her I would have waited) and there's nothing they can do except to recommend a painter to spray the door at my expense which is about a $500 job. Terrible company . If you need a garage door or any door for that matter buyer beware. This is on there web site Broken Garage Door?We will always give you an honest and fair price. We take pride in doing our work right the first time and we stand behind our workmanship and materials. After taking a closer look there's two bolts not flush into to the wall and the door squeaks when it goes up and when it goes down. It didn't when we tested it a couple of times but I'm thinking maybe it's out of alignment. This is the short version there really is a lot more to the story and the way I was treated. You would expect a company that say's that it's been in business since 1936 would treat there customers with a little more class that was shown me by Ryan and Marilyn.
5	Martin garage doors is the best. My business recently hired Martin to replace one of our drive in roll up doors and service the rest of our roll up doors and dock levelers. Martin was by far the lowest bid and they provided excellent service. They were on time and our doors and levelers have never worked so well. I highly recommend Martin!
1	I called Friday for an appointment next day.  There were some times I was not available, so I made sure they had a phone number and that I would be home when they said they would be there.  They were no show, no call.  You get only answering machine which says to call the same number you just dialed.  This is for the number associated with S. Schuster St.  Try another company if you want service.
1	I can not recommend this company for work. They screwed up our appointment x2. The service repair guy's angle immediately upon arrival was trying to push us into buying a new garage door motor right off the bat from him. The price quoted for a repair or replacement of our garage door motor was extraordinarily high. The wrote on their invoice that we "passed" a 12 point safety inspection of our garage door system that was never performed.
1	I really wanted to give them a more positve review as they are part of local trade association. Representative came out at the appointed time. I told him my budget was limited and was looking for a repair in leiu of a new door...Took one look at the door, said it could not be repaired. Wrote out an estimate $750.00 for an uninsillated door and 950 for an insilatted door..put it in my hand..said let us know and walked away..no discussion, nothing...............this was in a matter of probably 5 min max..Oh he did say no charge for the home call.................gee thanks....
5	We showed up at 4:10pm and they closed at 4:00pm that day. I called to just verify the hours and Brandon picked up the phone call even though they were closed. He was inside just getting the store closed but came to let us in to help us! Brandon is in the accounting department and normally doesn't handle sales but he called a co-worker to make sure he sold us the correct garage door opener and never once made us feel like we were a bother for keeping him at work late. He went above and beyond to give us the best customer service and we will only recommend Martin's Garage Doors in the future!
