4	Quite a variety of annuals and perinnials.  In addition a wide assortment of trees and shrubs, even blueberry bushes.  I liked the fact that they had shopping type carts to do your shopping with.  They also have a shop with all the gardening supplies you can think of.  Prices are also reasonable.
4	After being frustrated with the knowledge and variety at the Big box stores I decided to see what a local garden shop had to offer. Talk about variety this place has it, the knowledge of the staff is second to non and really made me feel confident in my own gardening abilities since the stuff I have planted is now becoming overgrown I needed the nudge to prune my stuff myself. They also have a vast array of Organic gardening products with staff who know what to recommend for various types of problems you are having with a species of plant. I will say though that their prices are a little bit higher for most of their plants but they appear to be of better quality. The mulch that they offer for delivery is also much more expensive than other places around the region. I will be coming here more for the variety, quality and expertise of the staff.
1	We purchased some trees that soon died from spider mites and they were not interested in our problem.
5	My wife likes to go there to buy her items for gardening. I had to make her a special sign for garden as well "Sandy's Garden" Just need some flowers.
4	Keep in mind I am not a garden aficionado by any means, so this review might not be very knowledgable. All I know is that I had a friendly worker help me pick out some flowers. And now they're planted in my garden and look lovely.I went over to the vegetable side, which was slim pickings. The dude I asked about the veggies wasn't as friendly as the chick from the flowers. I guess flowers make people happier.While I do think it was pretty expensive, I did buy perennials for my whole front facing garden. So now I won't have to bother with it again. I'd be interested to see whet their veggie selection was like earlier in the spring. Oh we'll, always next year!
4	I didn't know how I would like this place, because it seems small from the street. But I'm glad I went in. The staff is knowledgeable and fun to chat to. They have some neat things inside, almost like an old General Store. All the fun is in the back, though. There is a greenhouse, and lots of variety. They help when you need help, and leave you alone when you wan to just peruse. I will absolutely be back.
