3	This cowboy theme restaurant is a blast.  Located in North Scottsdale with a huge outdoor area on the outskirts of pinnacle peak.  The ceiling in the restuarant is covered with hanging neckties.  Men take note... if you wear a tie here (not that you would ever wear one in AZ) they cut it off and hang it up.  This is a great place to throw a party.  They have a singing cowboy and a caricaturist that will bring life to any party.  The food is straight BBQ.  Don't expect a gourmet menu...come here for the experience not the food.
5	My parents took me here, I've taken my kids here, and they will likely take their kids here. Pinnacle Peak Patio is an Arizona classic! The BBQ is great and so are the fixin's, especially the cowboy beans and the bead. The 32 oz Porterhouse is simply the best -- although I could never finish by myself (at least I'd never admit to it...).When I first ate here, Pinnacle Peak was in the middle of the desert. Now it's surrounded by some of the Valley's poshest suburbs. No matter. Once indie the real world is miles away. Your in the Wild Wild West now.Kids, nostalgia lovers and history buffs will have a heyday here, for the walls and ceilings are filled with all sorts of interesting items. Stay for the staged "gunfights" and superior live bands.
5	I totally remember this place from when I was a kid in the 70s. My dad had a 1957 Plymouth Fury and every now and then we would drive out through the empty expanse of desert to eat at Pinnacle Peak Patio. Ah! The 70s! When my dad would get the car up to 120mph and all of us without seatbelts would laugh and laugh as the car went this way and that flying down the empty rolly bumpy desert road!!!Although as a kid I didn't pay much attention to the cuisine, I do remember that there was sawdust on the floors in the old days, and cut-off-ties hanging from the ceiling. They would stage gunfights out in front of the restaurant. I think there was a big ranch-style fireplace. There were red candles on the tables and Patsy Cline and Hank Williams Sr. on the jukebox.I am sure it has changed alot. Just like all of the beautiful desert in which I grew up. Sublime in those days. Alas, You can't go home again.
5	I'm a tourist in Scottsdale and I love Pinnacle Peak Patio Steakhouse.I felt like a real cowgirl eatin' meat after a long day of doing cowgirl activities on set with the Bonanza cast. I miss Little Joe. He was a cutie.It's still warm out so we sat in the backyard with live entertainment from a real cowboy singing cowboy tunes plus some Tom Petty and Elvis.The food is basic but the meat is well done. I asked for a medium rare filet mignon and that's exactly what I got. Plus I got a potato, mini corn on the cob, salad, cowboy beans, and wheat bread. I'm still full four hours after dinner.
3	ok. i have mixed reviews on this restaurant. first, the steaks are outstanding. they melt in your mouth. some of the best steaks i've ever had. however, i hate the rest of the sides that automatically come with your meal. they serve ranch style beans, potato, and corn. i don't eat ANY of these for medical reasons. this is your only choice. there are no other sides. no substitutions. it comes this way. the food is expensive and it sucks that i have to pay that much money for a meal and can only eat the meat. the atmosphere is great. it's fun, very casual, and of course the decorations are very cool. it's a great tourist spot. i, personally, would not go here again, only because of the automatic sides and lack of choice. when i could eat the corn, beans, and potato in the past, they were very plain and boring. very generic. great steaks and ambiance. poor choice of sides.
4	Pinnacle Peak Patio is a fun western steakhouse with a beautiful view outside. Snipped ties and old business cards adorn the restaurant dating back to who knows when.. the service was friendly, rotisserie chicken and NY steak were juicy and flavorful.I'd love to visit again to enjoy the patio or a cookout.  It's a huge restaurant that can even accomodate large parties of 1800 people inside and 2000 outside!!!
3	I guess you have to try it at least once to say you did.We had the sweetest lady for our server, so the service was excellent.The food was your typical cowboy fare...not bad, not great.  The entertainment was heee-larious.  I felt like I should've worn a ten-gallon hat.It's tourist-y, for sure :o)
5	My favorite steakhouse of all time.  Great steak that is cooked just right.  They often have some live music there which is fun.  The service was great and the atmosphere is really cool.  There are thousands of ties hanging from the ceiling and business cards stapled on the walls, even saw dust on the ground and picnic tables.  The patio is absolutely wonderful too.
4	Wow!!!  Pinnacle Peak Patio Steakhouse sure leaves a lasting memory.  Definitely a must if you're in the Phoenix area and you've never been.  Food is pricy.  As in $$$$$.  But it is good food!  The ribs literally peeled off the bone and the steak was nicely marinated and tender.Service was interesting.  Waiters are chipper and prompt.  Certainly some peculiar themes at Pinnacle Peak that make it original and one of kind.The Van Morrison karaoke is debatable, but what isn't debatable is the fact that Pinnacle Peak will not disappoint. Yes, a tourist trap, but that does not change the fact that it is a great place!
5	In the 1960's this was our favorite steak house. A good place to stop after a long day of four wheeling. If you wore a tie into the place they would cut it off you and hang it from the ceiling. The roads then were all gravel or dirt. I still rank it the best steak dinner in the Valley.
2	I honestly don't understand why this place gets such good reviews.  OK, it has some kitschy charm to it, but the food is far from fantastic for what you pay for it.I ordered the filet mignon, medium-rare and it came out essentially burnt.  My wife ordered the salmon, which was so over-cooked that it was actually starting to dry out.  I hadn't realized before that you could dry out such an oily fish.  To top it off, my baked potato was far from being finished baking.Long-story short, if you want to see some "interesting" decorations, knock yourself out, but don't go there expecting to have a memorable meal.
2	Two words "Tourist Trap". If you've ever been to old Tuscon, Walls Drug or the Big Texan then you have experienced this kind of place.  I guest if you are in town you have to do it once. The food was not good. My party had steaks and they were overpriced and not that good. We all had stomach aches afterwards.  I was initially kind of suprised when the waiter told us they had there own micro-brewery. My enthusiasm waned when I asked what styles of beers they brewed. He said "We have a brown one, amber one, black one and Hefeweizen". Can you believe that? Oh yeah don't wear tie they have decorated the ceiling with ties they have cut off of people.
3	Imagine going on vacation and being taken to church by your best friends family...guess where?? You guessed it the same place that they filmed Uncle Buck..the Pinnacle Peak Patio Steakhouse, super wierd!!. My best friends church was using this place as a make-shift house of worship and I thought woo-hoo I get to push the gender bender b/c, that morning I was requested to wear a tie.  Afterwards, we were offered brunch here and I realized why the tie...servers came out with huge scissors and cut them off staple them to the rafters and started singing and yes they do have a contest for that huuge steak that was seen in the movie= tourist magnet.  I do remember it being rather pricey but, an experience I'd never forget..church at a steakhouse and a eccentric cowboy lunch
3	Pretty decent food and lot s of it.  Unfortunately if you want to go there you'll have to do it soon.  The place is set to close in a year or so.  If you come in with a tie, it gets cut off-which is their big trademark.  sad to see it go, but what are you gonna do?
4	My fiance's parents were in town from Pennsylvania, and I thought this would be a fun place for dinner. Yes, it's a bit touristy - but the food was delicous and there was great live music. I was also impressed by their beers on tap - they even had one that was made in house that we really liked. If you're looking for a fun, out of the ordinary, night out - this is your place! It's more fun if you get into character - so be sure to wear your boots and cowboy hat!
5	I've been here on and off over the years.  My son is now 27 years old, and when he was a pre-teen, I told him I'm taking him to a real special restaurant but he must wear a tie to get it. What a protest!  You try this with your guests.  So, when we got seated they took out the fire alarm bells and a big scissor and cut the tie off.  On the ceiling you can see the results of I don't know how many years of cut ties hanging from the ceiling.  Also, at leat 40 years by my estimation of business cards.  So, surprise your guests with a gift of informality.  I was there last week and it's the first time I sat out on the patio and enjoyed country music live. My Porterhouse Steak and beans , with bread and butter were icing on the cake. It's an experience, try to go when it's crowded.  The signs guiding you here are better than they were 20 years ago.,
5	Amazing!! I can't say enough about this place.  Be sure to wear a tie (he he he) and ask for your steak to be "well done"  (They will bring you a BOOT on a plate!)Live music, great atmosphere, and the place can literally hold up to 3,000 people!  You will LOVE IT!!!
4	Lots of fun. Steaks are awful, chicken is fantastic! GoodMicro brews! Great Deserts. Country cowboy atmosphere. Most meat is cooked well done even if you ask for it medium. Tourist restaurant. Great for large gatherings.
1	i haven't been here in about 7 years. i was soooo disappointed in all of the food. they used to have the best steaks in town. i went here today specifically for a great steak and 1/2 off appetizers. well, first off, they increased their prices, yet are serving you less food. standard with dinner in the past, you would get the steak, potato, salad, beans, corn. now, you get the steak, salad, and very small serving of beans. i ordered the cowgirl 1 lb t-bone dinner, $21.00 .  the steak tasted like it was fried in a pan. there was zero flavor and it definitely did not come off a grill. i would rate it as below average. the salad was lettuce with ranch thrown on it. the beans were very small & bland, just beans, no flavor at all. my boyfriend ordered the largest steak dinner $35.00 . his steak was the 2 lb porterhouse. his steak had more flavor then mine, but it was fairly tough and also lacked that grilled yummy flavor. nothing special and definitely not worth $35. so far, these lousy steak dinners cost us $56.00 .  we wanted to order appetizers which were 1/2 off which they promote on signs & on-line. they had 3 appetizers to choose from, that's it, poppers-onion rings-and something stupid that i can't remember. they had no wings, chicken strips, mozzerella sticks, calamari.....  we ordered onion rings. ok onion rings. our bill was $65, soooo not worth it and not worth the drive.   not only does the food cost alot of money, you get less of it, and the steaks have really gone downhill.  there's other stuff on the menu like barbequed chicken $17, ribs $18, and salmon.  it's definitely expensive to take a large group or family. if you want the baked potato or corn that used to come with the meal, you have to order it separately adding onto your bill. accept for the western theme and theme with the cutoff ties and business cards, this place was way overpriced and the steaks suck.  they have plenty of room for very large groups but expect a very expensive bill with little food to show for it.
3	This place looks like the old time southwest. There's even several live rattlesnakes, (in their cages, of course!). I ordered the trio which was a combination of baby back ribs, steak and chicken with sides and salad. (A lot of food.) The chicken may be some of the best I've ever had. Perfectly cooked, slightly charred on the outside with a warm, moist center. The white meat was as moist as any dark meat! Unfortunately, the baby backs and the steak were just "good". This place is definitely a tourist spot. Expect tour buses to roll in, but they have the staff and seating to handle this without impairing your dining pleasure. We had excellent service and their coffee is wonderful! Great spot for an out-of-towner!
3	It is what it is - a one time visit, non-foodie tourist trap.  From the ghost town front to the aquarium with rattlesnakes, your kids will love it.  Hubby and I on an adults only trip?  Not so much.  Your typical 1960's steakhouse fare - iceberg lettuce salad, Texas toast (though this was whole wheat,) ranch house beans, and an okay steak.  My cholesterol watching hubby had the grilled chicken salad which he said was okay, but it looked none too green to me.  My steak was done how I requested; medium rare.  Entertainment was a John Denver/Eagles/one man band who sang harmony with himself.  He had a nice voice in real life and on the recording.  The rattlesnakes were a bit of an unpleasant surprise to me and though I am petrified of snakes, I don't like to see any caged animals and these were no exception.  Courteous, albeit somewhat smug service.  I prefer not to be treated as a greenhorn city girl but whatever.
4	Try the Inebriator beer it is amazing! And the Inebriator Tootsie Roll is out of this world. $2 micro brews at happy hour and they are super tasty!Don't know about the steaks and stuff but the place is your usual old western theme with shit stapled all over the place and ties hanging from the ceiling. If you want some tasty beers with high alcohol content give those two a try though.
2	My Wife's family invited us out to dinner here a few weeks ago, the exterior looks like an old frontier town and inside there's a gift shop and the entire restaurant has ties hanging from the ceiling with business cards on the walls, apparently, if you wear a tie here they cut it off and hang it from the ceiling. Needless to say the amount of people wearing t-shirts with windsor knotted ties was astounding, the attraction definitely seems to be in the novelty, They also had a country crooner type singer that was way too loud and got annoying quickly.  The food was OK at best, I ordered a steak and chicken combo, with a baked potato, the chicken was a 1/4 chicken so if you're squeemish about bones, avoid this.  The Steak was somewhat devoid of flavor so I ended up dishonoring it with A1.  They also serve cowboy beans family style to the table, They are also surprise, surprise "Devoid of flavor".the table ended up splitting some apple pie/ice cream desserts, which were actually pretty good.if you're looking for an "Authentic cowboy" meal, well this might be the place, just don't be surprised when you find out what authentic tastes like.
4	For the people who write reviews on this place and say its a tourist trap...  DUH!!!!     I have been going here on and off since I was a little kid in the early 70's...  The steaks are always great!!  I have never had a bad meal here and I dont know of anyone who has.  You will not be disappointed coming here.  Dont bother to call for a reservation because they have 3000 seats.
1	After a day of climbing Tom's Thumb at the McDowell Mountains, we decided to sit our butts down here and have some beer.  Taylor, Travis and I were bellying up to the bar, and there wasn't another patron there.  Still, it took the bartender 5 minutes to come over and say hello.  We asked for menus and said that we were hoping for delicious beer.  He then walked away.  %&$*@?  Why?  He was the only one and he was making drinks for the entire restaurant.  This was a Saturday evening at 7pm.  Again, WTF?   It took another 10 minutes before we could order food.  Beer was good, food was good, not going to bother with the details though because this is where it gets odd.We asked for the check and I went to the bathroom.  When I returned, (5-10 min later), he then TELLS us that we owe $33.50.  No check printed or presented.  Then we hand him 2 $20's and get $3.50 in change back.  I'm no accounting wiz, but he is WAY off.  This guy was judging us by the time we sat down.  I will never return to this place.  It is a shame that dress dictates service.
5	I love the beer, love the steak, love the atmosphere. They've had some great live musicians when I've gone, too.
2	Dinner here on a Thursday night.  I was first put off by the weird odor in the front of the restaurant.  Kind of a cleaning solution meets funk situation.  There's also a strange "gift shop" that looks more like a flea market.The amber beer was decent, the burger was well done and below-average.  +1 for the live music too. If I came back, it would be to sit on the patio and have happy hour.  I think the burgers up the road at either Greasewood Flats or Reata pass are tastier.
3	PPP was decent. The white chocolate beer was delicious. I will be back for some more of that. I cannot wait to go back for happy hour. Steak is steak to me. It was not out of this world, but it was good. The sides were fair, beans and bread. The beans lacked flavor, but I might just be biased, my dad makes a mean pot of cowboy beans. The whole restaurant is very kitschy. Everything revolves around the cowboy theme. This place would be great to take tourists. -1 for undercooked steak -1 for tasteless beans
5	This place is fantastic for what it is! Just a good cowboy style steak house. Not a huge menu but simple and tasty and a fun environment!!
2	Overall: I was underwhelmed by my visit.  We went on a week night and ate indoors.  We were expecting a fun, kitschy, dining experience (we were on vacation), but found ourselves eating in a dark, dank, musty room filled with ties; we found it dull and uncomfortable.  If you want a P.P. 'experience" I would suggest eating outside (to avoid the funky smell inside, if nothing else) on a nice evening; they had live music.  Food: I am a vegetarian in a family of non-veggies, so I can't provide a first-hand evaluation of the food. My family seemed to enjoy their steak and chicken salad, but the "extras" (1/3-of-a-corn-on-the cob and baked beans) left a lot to be desired.  One thing I was a bit surprised by was that I have been to several steakhouses before, but each seemed to have one thing on the menu for non-meat eaters like a veggie burger or a pasta dish that could be made w/out meat.  P.P.P. did not have anything at all except for a baked potato and the child's mac'n'cheese.  Oh well.
1	I had a $25 coupon here and man do I wish I would have given it away, or maybe just thrown it away. I remember going here when I was a kid. I used to think all the ties hanging from the celling were so cool. Anyway, this place sucks. Everything we had, had no flavor, was cooked like crap, and just down right sucked. Even the corn was ice cold! How do you mess up corn? So even with the 25 bucks off I still spent around $60 and left very unsatisfied. This is a no go fo sho. If you are in the hood up there and need a good place to eat try Greesewood Flats, or Sassi. I guess I should write reviews on those places.... Maybe one day
3	If you haven't figured it out by reading the other reviews, this place isn't a 5-star restaurant.  Pinnacle Peak Patio Steakhouse has been around for what, 20 years?  It's about fun, atmosphere, music and food.  Any restaurant that continues to pull in 2-4 tour buses a week, 3 times a week, obviously is doing something right.  So here was OUR experience last night:We walked up to the outside hostess stand where we were greeted in a very friendly fashion, and were seated immediately inside.  Our server came up to us within 30 seconds and took our drink order.  Shame on me for not knowing her name, but she was amazing.  She got steadily busier and busier and yes, as she did, the service declined, going from amazing to really good.  This place is known for their mesquite steaks and they did not disappoint.  They were a decent portion and very flavorful.  No, they weren't the same quality as a 5-star steakhouse, but they were served with great sides and a warm, friendly style. We both ordered the trio, which is a 6 oz steak, 1/4 chicken and 1/2 rack of ribs.  As my friend would say, it was a "Fred Flintstone serving". We darn near ate ourselves into a food coma and still had plenty to to take home (I just finished a plate of leftovers tonight, and there's enough for one more meal easy).  Afterwards, we walked around and checked out the old photos from stars and celebrities who visited over the years.  And check out the collection of law enforcement patches and letters.  This place is an icon in AZ and worth coming to. Good solid food, good solid service, fun (and yes touristy) atmosphere, and some of the nicest people working there that you'll ever meet.It's touristy, yes.  There's NECKTIES hanging from the ceiling....that kind of gives you the first clue.  It's old-Western, cowboy, "yes m'am" type of place.  Get in the mode, enjoy your meal, and call it a good night at a good restaurant.
4	I stop in here every year when I go to Spring Training. Fun place, cool setting, but most importantly the food has been great every time. Usually get the combo plate with ribs,steak and chicken. Will definitely be returning this coming March.
4	This is an excellent place to go if you like meat, potatoes, and beer.  This is a true steakhouse.  The menu is rather simple with your choices being steak, steak, and more steak.  It's a little pricey but you get some fat 'grilled' steaks.  The best part of this place is that the Sonoran Brewery is located here as well.  The happy hour is almost unbeatable as far as the drinks are concerned.  It's a little short in that it is only from 4 to 6 PM, but you can get pints for $2.  They have a white chocolate ale that is different than anything I have ever tasted, as well as the Inebriator (a 9.2% alc. stout).  Most places around here at least, this would be like a high gravity and would cost more.  They also have pitchers available, so when happy hour ends you can get a pitcher of craft beer for like $10.  It's located almost in the middle of nowhere and is like driving in to the wild west.  The first impression is like something out of an old ghost town.  Overlooking the modern cars you will find parked out front, it's got hitching posts, cactus, an old smoking pit big enough for the 'whole' cow, and a very antique appeal, not to mention the rattlesnakes (inside & out).  This is the desert after all, so I know there are rattlers around.  I haven't actually seen any outside, but they do have a terrarium inside that has 3 live ones in it.  Fair warning, don't come in your interview clothes.  There are cut ties hanging from the ceiling, all over the inside of this place.  Any time someone visits and is wearing a tie, they cut it off and hang it from the ceiling.  Of course they give you a card or allow you to use your business card to hang from it.  This way people know who was here and when, and was dumb enough to wear a tie.
2	If you are with a large group of say 50 you might like this place!  Very casual seating on benches at picnic tables.  Friendly people but food is only fair at best.  Steak was tasteless and appetizers were straight out of the freezer section of the grocery.  If you are looking to eat a half a cow you could order the 32 ounce hunk of beef but if you want taste go elsewhere!
1	This place is ok except all the old ties everywhere. It's like eating dinner in a closet with 50 years worth of dirty laundry. Some people like that I guess, but I avoid this place.Over priced for mediocre food.  Service average.
3	Took some family members there that were visiting from back East.  Western theme carries throughout the menu and decor with picnic tables, old western gear sprinkled about and wait staff in cowboy hats. Reasonably good food for the money. The ribs were mediocre but the steak was surprisingly good for the $. Roasted chicken not bad either. Nice selection of micro brew beers. Service was great. Try the beer battered fries. Yum!
4	Happy hour from 4-6PM, yeah!Had th Sonoran Beer Co. Brewmaster in the bar telling us about all thedifferent types, processes and events.  Handed out tastings of some unique brews, likeWhite Chocolate.  Made my Porterhouse steak taste better.  Great mesquite flavor on their grilled meats.
3	Massive group dinner (60+) which is always a concern since they have to prep multiple dishes at the same time.Steak - Mine was medium, with some nice give!  Tasty, and enjoyable!Chicken - Crisped skin, cooked through but not overcooked, nicely done!Dessert - Apple pie, flaky crust, with cinnamon ice cream.  Ice cream lacked the strong cinnamon flavor I expected, to the point I thought that maybe it was just vanilla ice cream.  But the pie crust was nice!Overall, it was a good experience, and enjoyable time with all my co-workers!  Nothing phenomenal, but good solid food.I'd look forward to coming back with a smaller party and trying something more particular to their restaurant to see if there are any hidden gems to enjoy....
4	Yelp mobile reminded me of the $2 microbrews from the 4PM to 6PM Happy Hour.  Stopped in after a hike to Pinnacle Peak and enjoyed a $20 double red.
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place.  We have been going to the Pinnacle Peaks in California for many decades now.  It was a treat to see where this all began, and the location is charming with the gorgeous peaks in the background and what looks like an old  Hollywood western ranch set.  At sunset, it is stunning.  They serve a very plain and simple meal, no frills, but chompin-at-the-bit good!.  The "piece de resistance" is the rib eye steak.  I don't believe it is on the regular menu, just a Thursday special, so call ahead if that is your goal.  It is by far the best of their steaks, and the special included salad, baked potato, bread and butter, and cowboy beans. Usually you have to order the baked potato separately.  Meal cost $18.Come and enjoy the show - you can see from the dining room several cowboys manhandling huge chunks of beef over a hot mesquite grill.  It's fun and the smells are out of this world.
3	Another tourist spot. This place is not about the food as much as it is about the novelty and character. Fun spot for kids and families!And, even if you've been there a million times, SOMEONE ought to wear a tie just for giggles.
2	I'm now a local and had to try it out. We had a few items at the bar with drinks. I'm not impressed at all. I think it's seen it's day. A onion ring order consists of 3 rings. We were served by the bartender who never gave us napkins and it was dead slow. No excuse. Plastic glasses and red checker table cloths. A tour bus pulled in when we were leaving. It's time to clean up the forty year old business cards and ties, they are brown and disgcusting.
3	Hadn't been here in years.   Came back recently with a large group for a business meeting.  The food was simple, steak, chicken and a baked potato.  The salad was your salad from a bag dressed with store bought raspberry dressing.  The chicken was standard, but the steak was surprisingly well done.  I've got to say since the kitchen was churning out steaks for 150 people, that is impressive.The verde bar was kept busy by all the thirsty folks and the margaritas were tasty.  They have a full liquor bar and that was emptied pretty quickly. We had a cute show emceed by a guy who looked the part of a grizzled, slightly off kilter miner.  The show really is the reason why you come here.  Its a cute place to take out of towners, as a person who lives in Phoenix, I won't be making the drive regularly out here, but the place looks like a movie set and it's still closer than driving to Old Tucson :)
4	Great local steakhouse, good atmosphere, micro-brews, and reasonable prices.  The restaurant will unfortunately be torn down in the near future to make room for a resort, so I'll miss this place.
4	Really cool spot, old fashioned servings. Defiantly check it out.
4	Been here several times before and to be honest it has nothing to do with the food.  If you have kids then it's a must, if you don't then go ahead and skip this place. Best thing they serve is the ranch salad dressing. Yup the salad dressing, one of the best I have ever had. Cowgirl steak cooked unevenly and chewy, but then again not here for the food.  My son just loves to stand and look at the rattlesnakes in the aquarium, in fact most of the time he was by the snakes and not at the table. White chocolate beer, tasty. Fun atmosphere with all ties hanging from the ceiling and they have live entertainment, tonight was a guy on guitar which once again entertained the little one. If we have the kids we will be back on our next trip here, if not we will be up the street at Maestros.
5	The first time in my life that I had meat literally fall off the bone. I tried their steak, ribs and chicken. It was all fantastic!
4	Slightly touristy in that there's a lot of memorabilia scattered around the place, not to mention a tank with rattlesnakes right when you enter and an old west town made up of prop store fronts and a stage for live music out back, but other than that, it's all history.  The restaurant has been around since 1957 according to the website, and the history is pretty evident upon first glance.  The cieling is covered in snipped neckties and business cards dating back decades - just look for the dustiest ties and the yellowest cards, you'll see what I mean.  Along many of the interior walls there are hundreds of beer related trinkets, tap handles, old label artwork, bottle caps, old photos of the first breweries, and unique bottle openers.  It's a pretty interesting place to just walk around (and, of course, there's a gift shop for all your last minute christmas gifts).  There's also a local brewery attached to it, Sonoran Brewing Company, and all of their beers are served at the restaurant.  I recommend trying their Inebriator Stout and the Victorian IPA if you like craft beer or your tastebuds could use a wake-up call.  The food isn't oh-my-gawd amazing, but it's good.  The steaks are consistent with just the right amount of fat and good flavors if you order them medium, the ribs fall off the bone and melt in your mouth just like they should, and the chicken tastes like chicken if you didn't come to a steakhouse for steak.
4	What a cool place and one of the best happy hours in town - $2 drafts!  Great cowboy atmosphere and so glad I was able to staple my business card to the wall along with the many others.  Beware if you wear a tie to this place...you will lose it to the ceiling!
4	Great Food and Fun!  This is the place to bring out of town guests who want to experience a true cowboy steakhouse.  The food is good....but don't expect anything fancy.  They have the best chicken in town.....you have to give it a try.  Some nights they have live music.
4	I frequent this place for the BEER and the patio setting when the weather is good. This is a touristy place but I living so close its very convenient. The staff is friendly and the service is good. The on-site Brewery is awesome, they even make their own root beer too. The food is just ok for me, the salads have little flavor and the chicken sandwich is much like a school cafeteria might hand you . The Ribs and onion rings are Yummmmy and the jalapeno poppers. I like fries not ruffles potato chips, but oh well. The beer is really the hit here, and the ambiance of course. I might try the roasted chicken next.  I wish there was something unfried on the appetizer menu.
3	I thought it was fun for the whole family.  The place has a little bit of everything.  Caters to kids and adults alike.  The food was OK but I wasn't expecting a Morton's quality steak.  The benches, the rattlesnakes, the sawdust.....Reminded me of old Rawhide.  I would definitely return as it was a fun evening for the whole family.
2	Friends and i thought.. let's go somewhere different and try a place we haven't been in years. We broke down and went to the patio. It's expanded some with outdoor seating (thank goodness the weather has cooled) but other than that.. a place we could have done without.The drinks? ok. The appetizer? Let me tell you. there were three of us so we got the combo (2 of the above thing) $5.75 for three onion rings and 3 stuffed jalapenos that can you get for $5 a bag. Absurd. $1 a piece for an onion ring? Give me a BBQ break.The salad? a small bowl. The steak? about 1/3 "  thick (almost more like a flat iron steak) and the beans... moderately warm. The 1/4 chicken (thigh and small wing) was at least cooked ok. But it must have been a small chicken.For the money? A waste. It is probably a great place for tourists but for locals looking for good food, reasonable pricing and value? Skip it and make your way to the Frog on Bell or some other place selling BBQ and decent food.I try not to be overly critical knowing a place has to turn a profit but what you get for your money is still important. I judge a place by asking my self a question when i leave - "would i come back again and why?" The answer here... Not for a long long time. A LOOOONG time.
4	How can you not love a Phoenix classic? Yes, this is a tourist establishment. Yes this place can get pretty cheesy with a huge play on western life. And yes, it's not five star dining. But here's why Pinnacle Peak Patio will always hold a special place in my heart. It's a Phoenix right of passage for anyone who remembers Phoenix when there was nothing but desert past Frank Lloyd Wright Road, driving to Pinnacle Peak Road felt like going on a road trip to the middle of nowhere and the only restaurants to choose from were spots like Durant's, Pink Pony and the Sugar Bowl. Yes, Pinnacle Peak Patio is a tourist spot, but it's always a great family spot and even just a fun spot to make it a night out and act like a tourist in your own city.So what's Pinnacle Peak Patio all about? Well, there's a faux western village, there are hay rides, there's a "pretend like your a saloon girl/cowboy" photo opportunity, they have saw dust on the floors, live country bands and picnic tables/benches for seating. Oh and definitely wear a tie when you go. Just do it, make sure it's not your favorite tie and enjoy the ride. The food is sub par and exactly what you would expect from a place like this...one or two steps above your backyard BBQ food. It's lively, you can be casual, you can bring as many kids as you want and whether you admit it or not, you'll have a good time as long as you walk in knowing what to expect. Yeehaw, I'm out!
3	Very Touristy. So hey I'm a tourist, so when in Rome right!!  Steak was decent but not great. The other was good.  Good for families so they don't mind screaming kids which is ok with me.  Be careful about ordering well done steak. When they mean well done its shoe leather. Other than that service was good and friendly. Kids loved it so its good with me. Wear a Tie and it will be good for a laugh. All in all a good experience.
4	This place has been around forever. I started coming here when I was 5 or 6, especially when my grandpa came to town from Cincinnati. He loved it. The whole "wild west" theme prevails, and it is fun to think about cowboys and times gone by. I liked the sasparilla when I was a kid, I don't think I've ever had it anywhere else. Last time I was in Phoenix we went again, and while the quality of the food has maybe slid a bit since I was 5 ( um, I'm kinda a LOT older now), it is still cool. I like the good mood of all the visitors, it's a place that inspires laughter and happy shared experience. If you do wear a tie, wear one you don't care about, ok. Trust me on this.
4	This is a GREAT place to take your relatives visiting from the Midwest!  It's also a great place to grab a beer after hiking Pinnacle Peak if you are a local.  This isn't a destination for schmancy food-- it's a great hole in the wall to chow some satisfying grub ;) take some time to peruse this place's walls, nooks, and crannies-- they are covered with some worthy kitsch!   (we appreciate the antique beer paraphernalia) I'm definitely a fan of all that this establishment stands for.
4	Everything on the menu is excellent. Solid beer selection too
3	Great tourist fare. When we have family in town that appreciate a 32oz porterhouse more than a delicate sashimi, this is where we head. It is quite the drive from Phoenix, but portions are large and service is always prompt and friendly.
5	The Inebriator stout. Epic!$3.00 at happy hour... Awesome!
3	I don't recommend coming here for the food, especially if you're vegetarian, but it is a nice place to enjoy a beer and hang out in a fun western environment. The food menu is kind of expensive for what it is. The beer, on the other hand, is awesome. They have a brewing company, Sonoran Brewery, and it's really great. The White Chocolate Ale is really something else! I think Pinnacle Peak is one of the few (or only) places you can find it on tap. I recommend coming here after hiking the Peak or in the afternoon/evening to enjoy a beer and their lovely patio. On Sunday evenings there is a country band that is quite good.
3	5 stars for the microbrew. The white chocolate is one of the best beers ever brewed. The others are incredible too. Who knew? The 35 dollar porterhouse steak was terrible! I could only eat about 20% of it. The rest was grizzle and cartilage. Should I have complained? Yes, probably. The $2 happy hour beers made up for it.
3	This is a really cool place in such a beautiful place of town. Really a great place to take visitors or feel western. The staff is SO, SO friendly. The food just isn't that great. We had sliders and ribs and both I could have made better at home. I have heard other people say they like the food, so who knows. I will definitely be going back, just wish they had food to die for.
3	This place has always been geared to the tourist trade and for that it is fine,Like so many tourist centered business do not expect high quality, it should be but don't expect it.But for what it is, it is ok.
1	The food is very mediocre.  The step down out the front door needs to be addressed.  My wife was carrying my 2 year old daughter  and they both fell and landed pretty badly.  The floor drops down about 6 inches right outside the door.  Needless to say my daughter hit her head on the concrete and sustained quite a bump.  The manager got us some ice and a towel, but I would have liked a little more assistance and verification that we were going to be ok.It's troubling that our society is so sue happy, that it's the first thing the restaurant thinks of and tries to distance themselves from the situation and fails to respond in a decent manner.Fix your front door!  You have it painted so you realize it's an issue.  A few bags of concrete and some labor and your entry can actually be safe!If you are in the area Greasewood Flats is a much better choice!
5	We were visiting the Phoenix area for the first time in 24 years. Pinnacle Peak was always a favorite place, but I was worried because of some poor Yelp reviews. We decided to give it a try anyway and I'm SO glad that we did!  The restaurant hadn't changed much over the years. My husband and I ordered the 16 oz. T-bone steak dinner.  Dinner comes with salad, steak, cowboy beans and bread. The steaks came cooked to order and were seasoned perfectly. The cowboy beans were also wonderful and I'll try to replicate the recipe at home. The salad and bread were standard.  Service was friendly and efficient.  For dessert we split the Apple Pie with Cinnamon Swirl ice cream.  OMG it was wonderful. If you're in the Phoeniz/Scottsdale area and want a fun experience go to Pinnacle Peak Patio.
3	Enjoyed a meal outside here a few years back and raved about this place to my family so when we drove an hour to get here and discovered we had to sit inside only ...it was a bit disappointing. We had expected to enjoy a great dinner under the stars on a warm April night surrounded by a fire and cowboys singing tunes. Apparently the grill outside had to be certified before it could be used so it was inside only for us. This would have been great to know when we checked the website for details. My parents (60's) had a hard time seeing under the dimly lit light but when our server lit the hurricane lamp on our table, that made it a bit easier for them to see. Our server was helpful and friendly.We all ordered drinks and appetizers. The onions rings were killer and I enjoyed a Prickly Pear Margarita which was on the small side for $8 but it was really good so all was ok.The boys ordered ribs (best ever according to our son) and my mom's black and blue salad was the side of her head and came out in this huge saucer like bowl. It was fresh, packed full of flavor and so large she didn't stand a chance in finishing it.I was eager to order a Filet Mignon and as always ordered it Medium. Sadly it came out mooing and VERY red so I sent it back asking for it to be cooked medium well. Again, it came back red so I threw in the towel and our server took it off our bill apologizing for the error.I was thankful for the side salad, appetizers and corn/potato combo I enjoyed while my steak was cooking for the second time. Despite these minor snafu's, overall it was a great experience. You could spend hours looking at all the pictures, artifacts from the olden days and just enjoying yourself here. Apparently Saturday nights also offer line dancing so if you're inclined, I say go for it!
4	Order a Drunken Brownie, it's a beer blend (white chocolate ale + inebriator imperial stout) which tastes a lot like a chocolate coke float! While you're here get a T-bone steak! They're a thick cut and made to perfection, practically melted in my mouth bite after bite! Do yourself a favor, order the root beer...it's Addicting!! Yeah its a bit touristy here, but hey we still had a good time. It has a great outdoor patio and bar area. Don't forget to check out the live rattlesnakes they have inside!
4	Pinnacle Peak Patio is far from a top dining spot in Phoenix.  It is a very touristy spot that overplays its cowboy/western theme.  The place hasn't changed much (if at all) since the first time I was there about 20 years ago.  The menu is pretty basic, offering mostly above average chicken, ribs, steaks and burgers.  And it may even be a bit over priced.Having said that;  Pinnacle Peak Patio is still a fun spot to grab a good bite to eat.  It's definitely one of those places that you need to bring the family to at least once.  Enjoy the old west town ambiance, bring the kids, and don't wear a necktie unless you want part of it to be added to their collection.
5	Wouldn't recommend for vegetarians, but, as a carnivore, I was in love. I ordered a full rack of ribs ($24.95), and they were awesome. My wife and one of my sisters ordered the 10 oz. top sirloin ($16.95), and it was very good. Neither of them polished off their steaks, so I did. Yeah, i went glutton, but I don't get to unleash total carnivore too often.After dinner, we went out and enjoyed a one-man country band (very good guitarist) and did a little country dancing. it was just our family and one other, but it was a lot of fun. Their prickly pear margaritas were better than the others I had on this trip.Overall, lots of fun, and they had a snake aquarium with two rattlers that you could see up close that was lots of fun for my son, too... kept him totally absorbed.
2	This restaurant was pretty average. The steak, a little worse than average. It kind of made me feel like I was a ranch hand, because they didn't have real tables or seats. Just picnic tables.
4	I have been coming here since I was a baby...so for 46 years, and it rarely disappoints.  I find the larger the steak, the better the cut and taste, so order a big one and share.
4	Hadn't been here in 31 years and wanted to see if it was still as memorable.  When we drove up there were about four cars in the huge dirt parking lot, and once we got inside there were only three tables of other diners!  Chalk it up to Monday night , but thought there might be more at 7:30!  We had forgotten to buy cheap ties, but they were for sale for $3 each in the lobby gift shop.  Of course, friendly and warm server Megan cut them off our necks when she arrived to add to the other more than one million ties that are tagged with the former owners' names and hanging from every major surface in the multi-acre dining rooms.  I recommended the Hef for my wife, which she loved, and I tried the white chocolate ale, which was not heavy with the slightest hint of the flavor in the nose.  I even ordered a second which was unusual for me with dinner.  My wife had the chicken and ribs combo and I upgraded to the NY strip and ribs combo, rib lover that I am.  Steak was meh but ribs rocked.  Was disappointed to learn that they had recently closed the craft brewery as we were looking forward to trying the various local  brews with a sampler, but at least we did get some from the next to the last keg of white chocolate!  Greg on the live guitar sang beautifully in the mostly empty house, and he and Megan made the dining experience 4-star.  It's touristy but still fun even with an empty house!
4	Went here on a late Sunday afternoon and it wasn't too busy.  They had a country western band playing.  The food is a little pricey but not too much more than your average steak house.  I had the ribs and steak combo, which came with corn on the cob and a side salad.  I don't like salad and wished they offered soup instead of the salad.  My fellow dinners thought the salad was kind of bland.  The ribs in the combo were pretty damn good.  They had a prickly pear chipotle barbeque sauce that was unlike any barbecue sauce I've ever had.  I've been on the hunt for the best ribs in town and so far they are the front-runner.  The steak that came in the combo was okay.  Cooked the way I like it, nothing to write home about.  My fiance ordered the 24 oz Porterhouse and it was fabulous!  My mom had steak and chicken and she really liked them both.  You have to buy your baked potato separate ($3.00) which is a bummer because every other steak house includes a potato.  I didn't like that part.The old west atmosphere makes this place really a fun experience.  They have a couple menu items that aren't too pricey, like the hamburger, if you want a meal that doesn't break the bank.Be sure to wear a tie if you come here.  They'll cut it off and hang it on the ceiling.  Ties are everywhere here, old and new, and it is really fun to see.I am a fan.  Really wish they'd put that potato in the meal....and start serving soup.4 stars....Yay, I'm a fan.
4	enjoyed this place.  the food is a bit overpriced.  2 kids and husband had different kinds of steak. they liked theirs.  I LOVED the ribs and steak combo.  Delic!  Beans were not great.  The ambiance is very interesting....the whole place is quite an experience...like a throwback to another life.  the salad at the beginning of the meal was lame....it reminded me of a low budget restaurant from when I was little.  Fun experience for my hubby and me.  There was a very low budget wedding reception taking place while we were there.  pretty funny.  I felt as though we had been transported to country western days.  Band felt the same way...throw back.
1	I'm very surprised that the rating of this place is as high as it is. Maybe this place was nice a few years ago, but now it is terrible. The server seems to be annoyed that he had to be there. The host was not much better.The food was horrible and bland. Nothing was even close to being good. They have ties hanging on the ceiling and walls that are covered in dust and I'm surprised they have not been shut down. We had to go to another place for dinner after.
3	Definitely go here if you're looking for something whimsical.  Off the beaten track, way off.  Tons of ties hanging from the ceiling.  The food was pretty good.  They do the basics, but pretty tasty.  My husband had the NY strip, and it was done really well.  The bread basket came out and we thought at first, oh, they giving us slice bread.  But it was pretty good slice bread.  Not sure if they bake it themselves, but it was thick-sliced bread and still warm and tasty.The cowboy beans were pretty good too.   They had a band playing.  Pretty good, easy to listen to.  They didn't hurt my ears.For those of you who live in the OC, CA, it's faintly reminiscent of OC Mining Company, except slight dustier, and the view is better at the OC Mining Company.I'm glad to have done it once.  Not some place I'd want to go on a regular basis.
4	Short ride to get some good BBQ. The chicken and ribs fell off the bone and the sauce had a sweet taste. Baked beans, corn on the cob, green salad and a couple of slices of whole wheat bread and butter came with the meal.  Got to listen to a good country band singing songs the whole family could understand and enjoy.  Ate on benches out in this big area under the stars. Of course when you can come as you are, it just makes everything so much easier.  Stopped on 9/20/2013.
1	Over priced, poor service, poor quality. This is a tourist trap and not worth your time.
4	I went here with a work function, the people were excellent, they set up a chili cook off for our teams, it was pretty cool cooking outside, once we sat down for dinner the steaks were perfect, to wrap up the night we cooked s'mores on an open fire, overall this place has a great theme and the staff made the experience
4	The meat is great! But the sides (salad, bread, etc..) were subpar. Great atmosphere and fun live music at night.
5	This place is AWESOME! My brother lives in Phoenix and on my visit to him he told me this place was a must to go to before I would have to return to New York. We went on my last night in Arizona and it felt pretty magical. The waitress sat us right next to the window and we had a gorgeous view of the sun setting and Pinnacle Peak. I love the chopped off ties and next visit will bring an old tie just so it can join the mass.When we got to the restaurant we were seated right away. I got up to use the bathroom, it was huge! Thank goodness a restaurant/bar finally got it right. Big bathrooms=no lines. On my way back I stumbled upon the restaurants rattlesnakes. Yes, live rattlesnakes. The baby, properly named Junior was all in a huss over me and coiled up and rattled that tail. What an awesome thing to behold. The mother could care less that I was there (and was probably sleeping). They look well cared for and it was a special treat to observe the beauty of wildlife.I ordered a prickly pear margarita (we don't have those in NY XD) and I ordered the combo which was simply steak and chicken. My steak was cooked to perfection, medium rare. It cut like butter and wasn't smothered with seasonings or sauce. The chicken was fantastic as well. I was thoroughly delighted with both of them. My margarita was delicious! I've only ever had cactus candy that my brother brought for me on his visits back home to NY and it tasted like that in margarita form. This would be my go-to drink if I lived out here. I miss it already.This is an awesome place, I cannot stress that enough. Good quality food, entertaining atmosphere, and really friendly staff.
2	Pretty awful. Service was fine but the food was terrible. There were 15 of us and 7 people had to send their steaks back, most a number of times. Some were pretty much uncooked . . just charred on the outside. Very poor sign for a steakhouse!! The manager knew the problems our group was having but made no attempt to come and talk to us. Won't be revisiting during any future trips to the Scottsdale area.
4	Great live music, Crusaders bike club has fund raiser for kids in need.  Help them out!  Marisa and I did.  Really like the outdoor patio and bands.  Food is pretty good too.  Margaritas need imrpovement.  I'd give them 5 stars if they get that nailed.
3	Sure its sweet spot is corporate and tourist visitors in search of an 'old west' experience but it has enough charm and a decent enough menu to justify putting on some denim and making the visit yourself.
5	Amazing food at a very reasonable price. Great atmosphere and service. I eat here on a regular basis and have never been let down. Highly recommended.
3	This was one of my favorite places to go when I was growing up.  We tried it recently because of my fond memories of it but it was just OK.  The steak was very high priced & I ordered the filet mignon.  It was tough & very fatty.  I ordered it medium, it was well done.  The drinks were weak & the service was slow even though it was a slow  night.  Too bad it wasn't as good as I remembered.  Glad its still there though.
5	Great place to bring the family and friends! Be sure and walk around and see all the cool and fun stuff! The staff is always ready to fill any special request and Mr Skinner always makes sure everyone had a great time!
4	Fun place overall.  Looks like it's gonna be another western-style tourist trap, but it's actually a cool place.  Usually a decent selection of beers.  I've always enjoyed the food.  It's not cheap by any means - actually the prices are a bit steep.  Very basic menu - steaks, ribs, chicken, pork chops....not an ideal place for a vegetarian.  In my opinion, the steaks were some of the better ones I've had in town.  My wife always says hers is underdone, but mine have been great.  The appetizer portions are huge.  Meals come with bread & butter and beans.  Tried the ribs for the first time recently, and they were tasty.  I always save room for apple pie and ice cream for dessert.  Fun ambiance, good place to take out-of-town guests looking for a southwestern-y experience.  When it's nice outside, they'll have bands playing, people dancing, etc.  A fun night out.
5	Yeehaw! I spent a week visiting relatives in Phoenix and most of the restaurants that we went to prior to Pinnacle Peak weren't that great (See my, I Love This Bar, review) Being a foodie from Philly I know good food. First off, the elevation of this place is 2,800 ft up a mountain making the scenery spectacular. Upon entering you'll be greeted by a friendly hostess. We went on a Saturday night so I thought we would have problems getting a table, no way, they were able to accommodate seven in less then five minutes. If you've read other reviews you know about the ties so I'll leave that alone, but a lot of people forget to mention the awesome country band playing for their "captive" rattlesnake audience. Check out my photo. The food was the icing on the country cake. Appetizer medley of fried zucchini and mushrooms, stuffed potatoes & onion rings we all awesome. The dipping sauce they serve it with is what makes it. Full rack of Ribs were all fall off the bone delicious with a great sweet and spicy sauce mopped on top. The cowgirl steak was huge and cooked to perfection. I washed all that down with their in house wheat beer and it was the perfect end to a great vacation.
2	We hit Pinnacle Peak Patio this afternoon for a late lunch/early dinner.  I have enjoyed going here for many more years than I would like to admit...We usually go about 3-4 times a year, it takes me back to my youth and an Arizona that has for the most part disappeared.We all decided to have burgers.  Let me say that the burgers were all very good and cooked to order (medium rare).  The buns were nicely toasted, and came w/ the usual garnish on the plate (lettuce, tomato, pickle, and onion).  I'd give the burger alone 4 stars.  Hint to kitchen, if you're going to serve lettuce as a garnish for the burgers, how about serving a leaf of it instead of a big chunk from a salad???The burgers only come w/ beans.  Potato, salad, and corn are all extra.  Considering that the burgers start at $8.95 and the next cheapest complete meal I saw was $15.95 (pork chops).  If you add a baked potato and salad, you're right in the range of the complete meal (which also comes w/ really good bread).  I believe the salad was $3.50 and the baked potato $3.00 (I may have this backwards, and if I do, I apologize).  For this money, both the salad and the potato could be a little bigger, and the salad could have been a little fresher and come w/ a few extra veggies in the bowl.  The cowboy beans???  I like them and ended up eating the whole bowl (not very big).When the bill came it was $44.00 (2 adult, 1 child, no alcohol, shared appetizer).  Not huge; but when you start to think about the meal as a whole, not that great of a meal for the $$ spent.  Will we be back?  Yes.  The service was good; and unfortunately, most of the old time cowboy steakhouses are long gone; so options are limited to this type of dining.  Maybe we just need to keep our visits to later on Saturday nights when the live music is going. I wish Yelp would let you give 1/2 stars in the rating, because I feel that 2.5 stars would be more appropriate.
3	Hadn't been here in years!  The views are fabulous and the band was great.  Beer was cold, food was really over priced!  Lower your prices and improve the service, please.
2	Steak was good service was not good, and very slow. Beautiful scenery but overall over all over priced,,, would not recommend.
2	What a huge disappointment this restaurant is. A restaurant that should be filled with good times and excellent food. The service was terrible. They were understaffed, at least if you consider that we had a party of about 20 with one (seemingly) inexperienced server was provided no help. It took our food about an hour and 15 minutes to come out after we sat down though we had kids and were ready and hoping to order from the moment we sat down. The food was decent. Perhaps the equivalent of Applebee's at prices that were about double that.Ties on the ceiling, great ambience, but way too much money with no excitement in service or food.
4	We had a very large group in town for a meeting. We selected Pinnacle Peak Patio for a night out. The place was perfect.  We added in line dancing, a DJ, a story teller and photo booth.  The food was surprisingly good. The group had a terrific time.
1	It's more like pinnacle puke patio!! This place is TERRIBLE!! Don't go here. It's closing for a reason!! We came for my dad's and sisters birthday and it felt uncomfortable. It smelled like a goodwill store with all the dirty ties above us. We got our burgers and they were RAW!! Wtf my dog can cook a cheeseburger. SO disappointed. I'm feeling sick writing this so I'm gunna have to stop and throw up what I ate of the non cooked cheeseburger. I have to put a star but if I could I wouldn't put any! NO STARS!!
3	Likes:Live music is entertaining but not too loud.  Chicken was really tender and flavorful.  The chocolate cake with ice cream was sinful.  Must try the home brewed root beer!Dislikes:A little pricey considering the atmosphere. The 7 oz. steak was a little over cooked in my opinion. The beans are pretty bland unfortunately.
3	If you are a tourist, this is a pretty cool place.  They even have a terrarium with live snakes so you can see the rattlers up close  Good food and atmosphere.  Great concert venue and outdoor seating.However - if you are a local, or a cowboy, this place is straight up kitsch.  A little campy and not the best steak in town - not bad, just good.  My main beef is that they CHARGE 50 CENTS for BBQ sauce - and it is straight out of a bottle from the grocery store.  If your Shi.... ahem, stuff is good enough to charge for, then it had better be home made on site.
5	I hosted a large group party in May and had such a great experience!  The staff was amazing to work with and so accommodating.  We started our event with a cowboy greeting our guests and handing out our company logo'd ties (that would be cut off during the event) and a salsa challenge that served as a great ice breaker and provided a tasty appetizer.  This was followed by a steak, chicken and potato dinner while our band, The Crown Kings, played some amazing music.  We had a great night and everyone had a great time!
2	Atmosphere is great, old memorabilia abounds. But the food leaves alot to be desires. Hamburger plan was $8.95 and tasted like a piece of shoe leather. Then had to pay $3.95 for a basket of fries. So for 2 hamburgers, basket of fries and 2 beers came to $32.00 Ouch
2	We have been going there for over 40 yrs.   Last night our steaks were rare vs medium when we sent 1 of them back it still came back rare so we gave up. I had the filet and it was tough.  Actually the last several times we been they have been tough; for a $27 steak I expect better.
5	This place not only has the best food...The service is AWESOME and IT IS DOG FRIENDLY. If you have not tried this place, you are definitely missing out!
5	An Rizona institution and the best damned steak I have ever had.  Cooked to perfection with a good salad, beans and bread - the essentials.   Casual atmosphere and very western kitsch but by far the best view of the city.   This is scheduled to close due to development which is sad; this has been here since 1954.
4	This is one of those restaurants with so much history that you need to see it to believe it. The first time I went into this place, I was definitely awestruck. It's huge, and there are thousands of ties hanging from the ceiling. It definitely has a lot of character.This is one of those places you come to for the atmosphere and scenery (Pinnacle Peak is gorgeous) as much as the food. The food is not fancy at all, but that's part of the charm. You get good steaks with A1 BBQ sauce. My husband loves the cowboy beans... possibly even more than the steak. Their homemade root beer is very good. Their onion rings with ranch dip are fabulous.They try really hard with the live entertainment, and it's not bad. I've sat both indoors and out, and I would say that sitting outdoors is better, but it's weather permitting, of course. The scenery is just magical. We've been here a few times and I am sure we will be back again.
5	My family and I will miss PPP (Pinnacle Peak Patio) when it closes in 2016.  Where will we go for the kind of service, food, and fun PPP has provided to us for over 10 years?  It will be difficult saying goodbye to the building, the outside patio, the entertainers and the servers.  All are top-notch and it will be sad to see them go.  Waitress Donna always remembers us and makes everyone feel special...almost like family.Get to this great restaurant before it closes!
5	Haven't been here in 20 years.  It's still a no frill one of a kind place.  Great atmosphere. Tasty steak at reasonable prices.
5	These guys really know how to cook ribs the best I ever had and wow they got some rocking beer battered fries now . I love this place and the chicken rocks and the service is fantastic friendly and fun.. Live music is a plus it really makes the atmosphere ! Please do not let this place move or disappear ! It's my fav
