5	A great place for coffee and sweets of very good quality. The staff is welcoming and on point. Excellent in every way. Prices are reasonable and the desserts are delicious.
5	Anyone who knows me knows that I love sweets. And frankly, when it comes to sweets right now in Montreal, there is no better area than the Sud-Ouest. Already home to Leche Desserts and Rustique (my favorite doughnut and pie shops), it is only perfect that Patrice Demers, formally of Les 400 Coups in the old port, decided to set up his new venture, Patrice Patissier, in the area as well. His boutique opened up about 3 weeks ago now and I went on the opening weekend to see what he had in store.Having taking over the old video rental store on Notre-Dame Ouest just down the block from the Joe Beef empire, the space is divided into a takeout bakery, a wine bar/seating space and a back room for eventual cooking classes. The kitchen is visible to all when you walk in, allowing us to see what comes on behind the scenes. The space is modern, clean and relaxed - touches of wood and nice lighting makes the room inviting to sit and grab a quick tea (or coffee for those of you are inclined to such a beverage).Now, for this first visit, I stuck to the bakery because that was my main interest and also because it was the only part of the boutique open at that point. Patrice Patissier offers quite an assortment of items -  pastries, cakes, "petit pots" and cream puffs. I had a dinner in the evening and was responsible for the dessert portion of our meal - I figured a nice variety of everything they had at that moment would be appropriate. Ironically enough, at the time I arrived that early afternoon, there wasn't all that much left as clearly their opening weekend was going better than they had planned. Great for them, not so much for us as patrons but hey, it just means I would need to come back to try what I missed out on.On the pastry front, I got their Kouign Amann and a maple Financier. Now I had never heard of a Kouign Amann before this - it is a Breton cake, kind of a sweetened puff pastry. Sweet and flaky, this was a nice new discovery. The maple financier was great as well - a moist banana bread or sponge cake-like consistency with the added sweetness of maple syrup.The one cake they had left was a chocolate and cafe St-Henri cake. A deliciously chocolatey treat with just a slight hint of coffee which, for me, as a coffee hater, is a good thing.Both varieties of their "petit pots" were available - lemon, camomille, Anicet honey and yogourt, pineapple, muesli. Both are served in actual mini pots to take home. In both cases, great combinations of flavour and texture. The sweet pineapple, the fresh yogourt and the crunch of the granola or the bite of the lemon with the sweetness of honey and the spongy meringues - I really enjoyed these. The presentation as well is a nice creative touch from Patrice and his team.The final dessert was their cream puff which is done to order. The day I was there the cream filling was Bahibe chocolate, caramel and banana. A great combination of bitterness and sweetness in a wonderfully rich cream filling. Top notch dessert and probably the biggest hit amongst my dining group that evening.As a first impression, Patrice Patissier hit some very strong notes. All of the desserts were wonderful - not a single dud in the bunch. Once the wine bar aspect of the space gets really going, I will definitely be checking it out. Now my biggest challenge dessert-wise here is not coming home with a dozen different pastries next time I stop by and believe me, I will definitely be stopping by again and you believe you should do the same.Cheers!
5	Yah, I see the logic behind all these 5 stars and I can't help but agree. I met the kind and elegant Candice here for a Yelp friend hang, and I think we both relaxed immediately from busy bustling days as we eased into this bright  tasteful room. The kouin amman was dreamy, the little maple loaf was buttery with a crispy crust, and the cheesecake mouse was so light and magical - it had a layer of apple or something jellied in the middle that brought a weird and unnecessary texture to the treat but honestly I can't complain about it, it was delicious and I would eat it any time regardless of weird apply jellied thingers in the middle. Also of note: a back room with big shared tables where I think the magic happens but also there are books and it seemed open for groups? And also also, an elegant bar with a small but lovely looking collection of wines and some spirits too I thought? Drinks and dessert is a lovely idea, don't mind if a I do.
3	So I upgraded my stars purely based on ambiance and decor of the venue. It has 4star space, 3 star drinks, and 1.5 star pastries. Financier, why so oily!? Where are the eggs and things that usually make you a choice dessert?Kouign Amann, why so dry? What happened to the flaky, buttery layers you should be (at least in the truest form)?Ahh, after my second encounter with "top" pastry shops in the city, I believe that pasties are not the strength of Montreal. And thats okay. It could be the ingredients, the weather, who knows. All I know is that I will stick with fatty foods and bagels next time around.But the space is incredible and I thoroughly enjoyed my experience (sans pastries) by looking inwards at the beautifully designed space~
5	Don't you just love walking into a bakery and being greeted by mind blowingly good aromas?  Don't you love it even more when those smells translate into delicious baked goods.  That basically sums up a visit to Patrice Patissier.  There are so many yummy treats on display that narrowing down your choices is no easy task.  Ultimately though I went with the kouign amann which had a sweet, crispy exterior and an airy, buttery interior.  The bakery is huge and even includes an area for cooking classes (which are already full for the spring sigh).  There's ample seating and it's definitely worth while staying to enjoy your goodies here.   I will definitely be returning here when I'm in the Atwater Market area.
4	Professional, tasty, beautiful decor. Warm, inviting. Good music selection. The desserts we had were fabulous, a true masters work! Flavor combinations were surprising and fresh. Plating was beautiful, cutlery was nice. I have a soft spot for Duralex glasses. Big win!Will be back soon.
4	Excellent pastries, cappuccino and decor. Perfect for a tete-a-tete. Service was courteous and it was lovely to see the kitchen working like a well-oiled machine. Definitely worth a return visit.
5	Too bad my friend and I found this place the day before we had to fly back home. And wow, I just loved it! Atmosphere is nice, coffee was good and pastries were amazing! I had to go back the next day before we flew out. I think I tried half of their pastries. Lol. will def go back if I ever get to visit Montreal again.
4	Had a few things here but what really stood out for me was "le vert". Looked disappointing when it first arrived but that flavour and textures just exploded in your mouth from the very first bite. So much so that I still think about it weeks after. Its absolutely delicious. Its also open late for a bakery so that is a big plus. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the price vs portion size. I thought the price was fine but the portions could be bigger.
