5	I've been coming here for a couple of years because my car maintenance needed specific oil requirement; Mobil 1 synthetic 5w30.  I also am religious about using only Chevron gas also and fuel injection cleaner after every oil change. I come in at about 7500 miles and sometime stretch it to 9500 miles if I'm lazy. When my indie car mechanic open up my 150k miles car engine ; the interior looks damn near new. There won't be any costly engine rebuild here. So that is the power of preventative maintenance. I usually can get my oil change if I make it in 30 minute before closing time and their weekend hours help. The guys that work there love to talk cars and the job that they do. The owner who I thought was from the "Soviet Union" always make sure I get the service I needed. They also offer other maintenance service such as coolant change, timing belt change, etc. Like every car repair place, make sure you know your car and what it needs done. But they never suggest repair I didn't want. Mobil 1 Express has high spec quality products so I would chose this place over those lube place. After about 25 minutes and $70 , I'm gladly out on the road and seeing the horizon coming in fast again. Thanks guys.
5	Great service! Honest and friendly staff!
5	These are the only guys I bring my cars to if ever I need my oil changed. I've been going there a few months now but absolutely love that these guys don't try and rip me off. They're not like the stereotypical shady mechanics who try and take advantage of you, and I appreciate that.
5	Mobile 1 is the best oil. Plus Honest people. Go see Dick!! He was nice and explained what I would be wanting to do next.
5	First let me say when I need auto work done I look for a shop that is honest and Dick and his crew are just that. My first visit here was for a second opinion on a list of things my normal Toyota dealer said I needed to have done. I'm so glad I got that second opinion because some of the items didn't even need to be fixed. Another reason why I'm giving a excellent rating is because they also fixed my door handles even though it's something they don't normally do but were willing to take a shot at it and they fixed them :). I really appreciated they took the time to do that. :) :)
