2	Disclaimer: My visit to Wally's was about three years ago, maybe things are better now. This was the first time I had EVER taken one of my vehicles to a shop for anything other than an oil change, tires, or smog check. I do all my own work and well, for me, this was similar to dropping your child off at day care for the first time. I chose Wally's because I figured it would be cheaper than the dealer. My car had an erratic idle during warm up, I did some of my own diagnostic work and narrowed it down to a few different things but I decided I didn't want to throw parts at it and surly Wally's could handle this situation. I dropped my car off and one of Wally's staff drove me back to work, I appreciated that. I got a call the next day and they said the car was ready to go. The bill was $500. Okay, a little more than I wanted to spend but at least it's running properly now....NOT! Whatever they did made the problem worse!!! how on earth could they tell me it was better?, that's beyond me. I took the car back, got another ride back to work, and this time they figured it out. Bad idle air control valve. Okay good this was one of the things that I thought might have been bad so at least we agree on that. So not too excited that I had to take it there twice. But here's what really roasted my muffins. A few months ago I was looking through a Honda Accord chat forum and apparently this problem is extremely prevalent in these cars. These guys only work on Hondas and Acuras, why aren't they familiar with this problem? So in the end I feel like was probably overcharged for shop time considering that this should have been an easy fix for them. Six and twelve months later Wally's called my cell phone (Hey I'm on the 400 minutes a month plan, quite wasting my minutes!) to "remind" me to come in for maintenance. Ugh I know when I need to do these things and I'm not coming back here to have them done. So why the two stars? Well I really did appreciate the rides back to work and at the end of the day they never tried to up sell me on further repairs that I didn't need, but I don't think I'll go back there.
5	I live in Los Angeles, but went to Vegas for the weekend. I've never had a problem with my Acura until I was driving in the middle of the desert (figures, right?). My car started leaking manual transmission fluid pretty heavily. Luckily, I was able to make it to Vegas and was lucky enough to find Wally's repair shop. It was a Friday night about an hour before they were to close. They were able to get my car on a lift, determine the problem, and fix it. They knew I was from out of town and could have taken advantage of me, but didn't. The staff was very friendly and able to explain and show me the problem. If I lived in Las Vegas, this would be the place I would go!
5	Wally's has not only been my most reliable automotive repair shop but also a great family friend.  Wally himself is hands on grease monkey doctor/repair man.  Whenever I have had car issues, I go to Wally's.  I will continue to go because of the great service and prices.  These people KNOW cars!!!Check out Rusty Nuts for Wally's Hot Rod shop for the more vintage aesthetic.I also must add that they bring their golden retrievers to work and consequently I must say how much I love people to who share their workplace with their animals.
5	I have had Wally's service my cars for over 20 years. I will always purchase a Honda/Acura since I do not trust any other repair shop to work on my car. Taking my cars to the dealership will cost me twice as much and they will "recommend" unnecessary services.  Wally's will tell you what needs to be done but does not pressure you to have it done there. It will just need to be done. They are trustworthy and honest and in Las Vegas, this is hard to find.Excellent service and will also help you find a new/pre-owned car!
3	1. Very friendly staff, helpful, straightforward. They gave us a free quote and no pressure to have EVERYTHING fixed. 2. Price seemed fair, work was done pretty fast3. Downsides : I know it is aesthetic but they didn't even vacuum out my car, no car wash, nothing. After spending over a thousand dollars at a car shop I couldn't believe they didn't make it look nice giving it back to me. Even cheap-o oil change places vacuum out your car :(4. I have had TWO problems that weren't there before within 5 days of getting my car back. Coincidence? Maybe. Irritating? Very. My windshield washer fluid *magically* doesn't spray out now, and the battery was found to be "weak"
5	Wally just replaced the headliner in my 2002 Honda Accord.I feel like he is as honest as a repair man can be. He did a good job, informed me all along of cost and time to repair.For the person who took away stars for not vacuuming out the car? Are you for real?  That is the last thing I worry about when going to a repair shop. Be thankful for an honest mechanic!!  I sure am!  Thanks Wally!
5	I could walk to the Honda dealerships by my house, heck even see the sign from my roof top. however, they have screwed up on something as a simple oil change on my 2006 CRV so many times. So, I drive about 22 miles to Wally's even for an oil change, their service and pricing is top notch! It's been 3 1/2 years since I had a full time job and Wally took the time to watch my brakes for 1 1/2 years, telling me to keep waiting until needed, yet before the rotors needed to be turned. Any other shop would have told me i needed to replace them immediately. I just took my car in for it's fall/winter service, change all fluids and filters after a hot long summer and I swear everything I drive home from Wally's my car just drived better! Sure it's a little smelly and dirty from the shop mechanics, but you are not paying for a spa service for your car...(to the person below who was upset their car was not washed)!
5	My father has been going here since I was a little girl, so in 2006 when I got my first car which is a Honda, I naturally started to come here. Service has always been top notch. Friendly, polite, and the fact they have complimentary rides to and from the place is great. My car has always come out of this place great.They've always been super fast with repairs, even when it has been a major service. One time they knew I had to leave for Arizona the next morning and the mechanics stayed until 8:30, fixing my car when they normally close at 5:30. Top notch place.Added 1/21/13 --I should have done this a long time ago, but last year I nearly totaled my car. The engine was completely smashed on one side, couldn't get the doors open/closed, and the hood wouldn't go back down. The third call (First being my dad, second being my insurance company) was to Wally. A few weeks later, I got my baby back in amazing condition. Forever thankful.
5	Honest and fair.  Took in my car without an appointment and completed the service within the promised time.  As a guy who does most of his own car repairs, I know that I can trust them.  I knew the problem before heading in and they gave the same diagnosis.
5	Drove from LA to Vegas and had a check engine light come on my 2001 Acura CL and they were kind enough to check the codes just close to closing time and consult me on the problem for no charge. Very professional and courteous!!
5	I was moving halfway across the country and my 03 civic started having serious issues. Got the car to these guys and it turned out to be a full on valve job that was needed! But they were super helpful, even stayed late to get it done for me so I could get back on the road and salvage the many plans and moving pieces with my move. Absolute life savers, and good honest guys. For the job they did the price was good too. I'm just sad I found such a great place but I don't anywhere near!
5	Wally and the guys have been working on my Honda vehicles since we purchased a 1986 Accord and a 1986 Civic new from a local dealer. The dealer seem to always be changing their rules regarding scheduling maintenance. 2nd rule change and I asked friends where they got their Honda worked on. Out of 10 people, 9 of them all said, "take it to Wally". We have been with Wally's ever since. They are the only ones that have worked on my Honda Element. The Element is now over 110,000 miles strong. Our 2003 Accord has a lot more miles than that.
5	My story with Wally.. Driving Corona, CA to Las Vegas, for a family matter and  my Acura transmission cooks going up the Baker grade.. Tow it to the hotel in Vegas and search on Yelp and call Wally.. The car makes the 1.5 mile trip at 20 mph, from the hotel. Wally drives me  downtown, where I needed to go and calls me later to say, the tranny, is bad, but he refilled it with fluid, drove it around and might get it back to  So. Cal, if I drive very slow. He picks me up at the hotel to his shop and when I ask how much I owe him, he says nothing. I said let me at least pay for the fluid you put in and refused, saying, I'm from out of town. I was stunned to say the least.  If you need your  Honda, Acura repaired, this is the place to do it.
4	Looking for a place for Eva (my 1986 Honda Prelude Si) to get some TLC, I finally wandered to Wally's shop.  No frills place, nothing fancy but they sure do know their stuff.  Needless to say my baby needs some minor extensive work, much more than just the required oil change I wanted for her.  The guys there know their Hondas, knew exactly what was needed for my ride to be in tip top shape.  But bad news for me, the work is gonna cost me a pretty penny.  Wally's is very knowledgeable with their import cars, but dang the prices kinda show.  I have no qualms with them probably doing high quality work but for me, average-pay Asian guy, labor rates run a bit high it seems.  I'm guessing in the low hundreds per hour.  And they are most likely worth it.They took nearly an hour to look over my classic ride and get the oil change done.  I could tell in Wally's face that I might not want the answers he had for me when the inspection was done.  And wow, was I in for a doozy!  Got a nice tiny seal breach starting on the power steering (gasket is wet) that needs to be monitored closely, which means I need to check on the power steering fluid each time I drive Eva.  Unfortunately the only replacement is an entire new steering rack which will set me back some coin.  I will need a major checkup down the line soon as well.  Damn!  Wish I was Super Mario right now so I could just whack a few bricks for some extra dough.Warning for you wannabe classic car owners now...keep up proper maintenance!  It will keep your ride healthy for more miles down the road.  My only regret here is that I wasn't a trained mechanic myself so I could the work on my own baby.  Wally and his crew did good work going through Eva and keeping her right.  I will probably be back for more service...as soon as I get some additional green in my wallet!
4	Went in today to get my A/C fixed for my car. Daniel that helped me at the desk was very helpful and enthusiastic. They seemed pretty swamped with many cars.Overall, they were able to fix my problem. It's great to have working A/C once again.I would say that do a quality job BUT... they do CHARGE A PRETTY PENNY. I would consider bringing it back to them for brakes/motor mounts, but it would have been quite pricey. To save money, I will be doing that myself.
5	Was In Vegas and My daughter need her Accord given a once over (it had been almost 2 years since) I met Dan and he was fantastic! The gave the car the once over bumper to bumper and made a list of things that needed to be done should be done and those that could wait. The work was done in a day (had a full major service) and other then the fact I hate parting with $1 from my pocket the job and professionalism were wonderful. Thanks to Dan and the team that will take care of my daughters car going forward.
5	We've been going to Wally for almost 20 years now over several cars, and will continue to do so. Prices are what they are, and are expensive anywhere you go, so you may as well get what you pay for! They only use OEM or high parts and they do great work! Definitely the place to go for Hondas in the valley.
1	I am so angry.I spent over 600 dollars in labor to find out they fastened my engine air filter with one screw. I brought this to the attention of the service writer and ha asked me if I wanted the screws.I said no thanks,Feel like I already got screwed.I told him that I won't be coming back.He said sorry to hear that and then he tried to shake my hand.Very disappointed .
5	Honda Odyssey van broke down in the desert on way to Vegas because it was very full, very hot and driven very hard.  The fluid poured out and I thought it was engine oil.  After having the car towed to the Honda Dealership in Vegas late on Saturday afternoon, they charges me $140 to look at it in order to tell me it needed a new transmission.  Which would take until Tuesday to get it and Thursday to put it into the van at a cost of $4,000 for rebuilt.  Well, that sucks.  So, my husband, who was at home in Redondo Beach, went on line and suggested I take the van to Wally's on Monday after reading the reviews on line.On Monday morning I got a call back from Wally's (had placed calls with 3 other locations) and was told to bring it on over.  They looked at the transmission and said that if he was to replace the transmission in Vegas, we'd have to get it serviced at his shop to keep the warranty.  He suggested that he change the fluid and clear the screen (?) and if we didn't drive home in the heat of the day and kept it under 65 it would probably make it.  Total charge $130.Well, the van made it home and is still working fine.  No new transmission necessary.  Thank you Wally and don't trust that Auto Nation Honda Dealer, East Las Vegas.
5	These guys are really honest and do great work. Saved me hundreds!In the same building as Precision Performance.
5	Found Wally's on Yelp and went to get a low beam headlight replaced. They only charged me for the bulb and had me in and out in 10 minutes. Great customer service provided by Daniel. I will be back for maintenance on my Honda.
5	Update...Again outstanding customer service and pricing. dave took great care of my wife and daughter. Gave us some possible things we should do in the future but no pressure to move forward in the moment. Great company thanks for giving me faith in your industry again.
