4	Nice clean place .  I like this location here.  Convenient too.  Friendly staff.
1	The pharmacy has limited hours on weekends.  Went Sunday morning at 1030 to pick up called in prescriptions.  The guy at the counter said that they only had 1 of my 2 called in prescriptions and that I had to hand carry in my other prescription.   I get on the phone with my Dr's office and as soon as the nurse answers the guy says never mind I found it in the system.  Then he said my cough medicine and Z PAC wouldn't be ready until noon.  So we head home and come back at 1:30 and sit in the drive through for 10 min until we are helped.  Then they tell us they still don't have it ready and it will be another 20 min.  So I told them to cancel my prescription and I went to Walgreens.
1	Unbelievable came in at 11 am said it would be ready at 12. I said okay I'll run to the grocery store... Decided to go home and watch football came back 140pm and they still aren't ready!  Are you kidding me!  Get your crap together!  On top of that they close at 6pm on a Saturday and Sunday.... Try not to get sick late on the weekend!  I've had much better luck with Walgreens!
1	I was VERY dissatisfied with my experience at this CVS Pharmacy. I'm reviewing the PHARMACY portion of this store. As a pharmacy student I'm going to be very critical at how patients should be handled and the process that goes on when processing a prescription. First thing, I just came from the doctor's office because I was in a car accident. My doctor had written me 3 prescriptions to help deal with the pain and tension. I handed my prescriptions to a technician at the DROP OFF counter. She asked If I've been at CVS before and then tells me to sit down and my prescriptions will be ready in 15 minutes. Then she calls me up shortly after I sit down to tell me she can't process my prescriptions. My doctor wrote the written date as 11/19/2 and some were 11/19/12. She obviously made a mistake since the date I saw her (which was just an hour ago) was 11/9/12. While technician is giving me a hard time about the date the pharmacist walks up, takes them, then calls the doctor's office to confirm the date it was written. I didn't travel back in time from the future lady, recognize it's a mistake and call the doctor's office if you need to. ANYWHO, they confirmed the date and I sat down once again. About 30 minutes later my prescriptions were ready, I paid for them, and then I left. Now, I was really disappointed in the Pharmacist and Technician that handed me my prescriptions because I've never taken them before, They didn't assure me of my knowledge about what I was taking, how to take it, some side effects, and contraindications. It's the law to council patients on NEW PRESCRIPTIONS. When I got home I referred to the print-outs on how I should take them (e.i. with or without food) and to my discovery the ink alignment IS WAY OFF. The words containing valuable information were cut off. I may be intelligent enough to figure out those words that may have been cut off but what If I was an elderly person with poor sight and/or incompetent??? This pharmacy has made numerous mistakes on my father's prescriptions and it aggrivates me. It makes us pharmacists look bad. It's quality not quantity and this pharmacy lacks attention to detail and patient care.
4	Got my prescription quickly with no hassle and off I went. There were quite a few cars in the pharmacy drive-thru so I avoided that route!
1	Your 1hr Photo is a joke!!  Even your employees are a joke!!  30 mins just to change the damn paper right I'm front of your customers and not even acknowledge the fact that it's been that long of a wait time.   I hope any of you southwest branch executives are reading how poor your system is!!  I will make sure to tell all my friends and social media affiliates not to stop by this branch again!!!  Oh and did I forget to mention my photos were sitting on top of the machine like it was a piece of garbage waiting to be thrown out!!!
5	Everyone there is super friendly, always has my prescription ready when I call and never gives me any trouble. They take pride in their customers and it definitely shows in their customer service skills. I have never had a bad experience there.
