4	I've recently been making occasional trips to the uber-suburbia of Phoenix to visit friends and most recently, this past weekend in celebration of one who had just  turned his long-awaited 21.  For some reason, finding a bar in which to indulge in libations for said birthday was some sort of challenge.But we somehow found ourselves at Enoch's,  a locals bar in a new-looking strip mall...quite the antithesis of my hometown dive bars built in buildings pre-dating asbestos laws.  But it was a Friday night and me my homies were ready to throw down some shots.   We walked into Enoch's which had a live band which played excellent Skynnard covers, a packed square bar in the center, and a row pool tables all occupied.  Our bartender, Flash, kept us happy with shots a-flowing, a  great mark of service, I found, for a moderately packed Friday.  I use the word "moderately, because even though every stool at the bar was filled, there was still adequate room to walk around.So Enoch's gets the 4 stars because Flash was a superstar, the band kicked ass, the bar had a good vibe, and my 21 y/o friend who had his 1st chocolate cake shot on Friday is still raving about how good it is...and today is Sunday.
2	i don't see the big whoop with this bar. it always seems to draw a big crowd on friday & saturday nites. it's pretty busy all the time. they don't offer food accept for bags of chips. they may have a frozen thing they pop in the microwave. it's  mixed crowd of all ages. the tvs are ok. nothing special. they do have a happy hour. it's ok. i guess if you're in the mood to hang with alot of people, it would be a good place. they do have karaoke and live music at times. i would only go here if i'm trying to stick really close to hom.
3	I checked out Enochs on Friday and I had a good time.  The band was playing decent music, not my taste, but I got into it, and the people were cool.  Many different types of people, so it kept things interesting.  My only problem was that it was impossible to order a drink.  No one ever came to our table and when I went to the bar, it was nearly impossible to get the bartenders attention. But overall, I had a good time, and in the end that is all that really matters.
3	Excellent local dive bar.Always friendly service.Mixed crowd from young to old.Cheap, and STRONG drinks.Karaoke, with people who don't care how crappy you sound.Close to my home.And that my friends pretty much sums up this place.  There is nothing fancy about it at all.  Old decor, but fairly large.  Have not been in here and seen the place filled to the brim.I recommend this spot for cheap drinks and the friendly staff.
4	Total dive but could be worth the effort to check it out. The staff was great the crown was mixed with mostly regulars. The karaoke was bad... bad but they were having fun. They do have food now... at least it looked like a plate of fried goodies. If not MCD is right there.Darts, pool, karaoke, drinking!
2	A dive located awkwardly behind McDonald's, Enoch's is a cozy little place to have a few. The selection was a bit limited, I don't think the bartender knew any of the mixed drinks advertised at the table, and a near-senior crowd will try their darned hardest at karaoke.As for bar appetizers, I saw lots of microwaved popcorn. Strange. I ordered a beer (thank you for freezing your mugs!), sat down, and had a long pondering about how to describe this bar.It's like a small get together at a friend of a friend's house. The people are very nice, but it's boring and they're in no hurry to get to know you. Meh.
5	Karaoke Thurs, Fri, Sat, Sun from about 9:30-2.  Joe is an AWESOME DJ, and when he's on vaca, CB is just as great.  Been visiting Enoch's at least 3-4 times a week for about a month now and I'm so happy to have found a bar where everyone gets along so well.  Drinks are stiff and reasonably priced ($3.50 for rum & coke), karaoke attracts all kinds/all ages/all genres of music, and there's no cover!  There's an outdoor area for smokers, and inside there's several pool tables/darts if you're into that. If not, there's plenty of seating at the large bar or at hexagonal hi-top tables.  Absolutely love this place!
5	Its my favorite karaoke bar.  Joe is a great DJ and people seem to judge the singers based on the effort put forth and not the quality.  Although I think I noticed the music goes up to drown out us bad singers sometimes.  Friday and Sunday nights is when Joe is there.  Its a good sized place behind a the McDonalds.  Its got a patio out front for smokers, pool tables on the other side of the bar and on the Karaoke side it also has darts.  There are plenty of flat screens.  I have never had a bad waitress here.  The menu has crispy wings, fries, shrimp, fried burritos and more but I cant remember.  A small pitcher is $3.50 and a big basket of french fries in only $4.00.  Everyone smiles and says hello, so I'm keeping it on my rotation.
1	Surprisingly, the only place we found that had Karaoke on a Saturday night.  Karaoke used to be on every corner but I guess not anymore. We found Enoch's had a KJ come on at 9pm and headed over. Ordered a pitcher of beer and watched the football games. Beer was good and cold in the frosted glasses but after my sister complained that her beer was awful, did we discover that he glass was coated with not frosting but what smelled like vomit!The bartender said that it was probably tomato juice as a lot of people have been ordering beer and tomato juice lately, but it definitely wasn't.  They gave her a fresh glass and fill, but it just ruined the night.  I sang one song and we bounced. never again.
1	Went specifically for karaoke. Waited two and a half hours to sing. Host kept telling us we were soon within that time frame, but we never came up. Meanwhile, we kept seeing the same people over and over again. We later found out from an acquaintance that frequents this place that the karaoke host will only let you sing if tip him. We left upset. What makes this so bad is that we tried this place about a year prior and had a poor experience. Shame on us for giving them a second chance. Husband and I were looking for a regular spot to hang, so they lose our repeat business. Between this and the bartender over charging us, we are never going back.
