5	The Montreal outpost of the world-renowned, Paris-based Kusmi teas.Very nice and bright space, white although not sterile, with red chairs, carpets, and accents.  While this is a store, they do offer samples of one flavour and have a chess set on the middle of a table, so you can make yourself a bit comfortable.  On the other hand, you may want to just wander the shelves to smell their amazing blends, find one (or five) different aromas and rush home to make them.  I sampled the detox in the store, which was a bright and refreshing tea which I expect will be a hit come summertime.  Seeing as Quebec is still in the last grips of winter, their Lapsang Souchong was inviting for its smoky blend, the Genmaicha could be sipped all day while discussing the world go by, and the entire shelf of Earl Greys could be enjoyed immensely.  The supreme winner though would have to be the Prince Wladimir.  Complex, dark, yet not overbearing (with citrus, vanilla, and bergamot).  Cap it off with picking up some of their tea cakes from the counter in the back.Friendly staff happy to help, yet who are not overbearing as you wander the store.  Kusmi has been around for over 140 years, and there's good reason for it.  Go - you may change your entire outlook on tea.
5	One of my favourite gourmet tea brands with a store in Montreal. Go here to pick up Anastasia. Here you can also buy assorted tea products (beautiful tea box, cups etc.) and smell the tea leaves before buying.
4	My exposure to this tea is mainly seeing it at high end shops and with prices that defy logic. Nevertheless there is a market for this kind of product (gorgeous packaging) and soothing names so they seem to hit the nail on the head. This is the only store owned by Kusmi in Canada. A friend who likes their teas wanted to get a variety pack so we came here. Apparently they don't sell the macrons anymore so that was a bit of downer. Otherwise the service was decent and we got to try a sample. They do sell some drinks which are made in a secret room behind a door which is a bit unnerving IMO.They have decent patio where one can sit and enjoy the drinks.If you are tea luver this place won't disappoint.
