5	The moreish buttery toast and cinnamon/plum tea is one of my favourite treats at Ephemis. Petite and packed with cushions to comfort your derriere, this little tea room offers a relaxing environment whilst you ponder over the ridiculously large list of teas available. Next time your wandering around the Marchmont area of Edinburgh have a look out for this place, the tea's are available to buy in packets too which could be that perfect quirky present for a loved one.
5	I sincerely hope Ephemeris doesn't meet the same end as all the other businesses that opened in that exact location. Once upon a time there was a juice bar that managed for a year before closing down. And there were others in between that I can't quite recall. Ephemeris seems to be doing pretty well, as far as I gather. It prides itself in serving only vegetarian food, and having a list of tea as long as Rapunzel's hair. They also have flavoured coffee. When I went there, though, I went for the classiest of meals: a fry up. And it was pretty taste and really really cheap. I mean, cheaper than Snax cheap (Snax is a one-stop hangover cure on Buccleuch Street). Also, inside the cafe they sell artisan work. I bought myself a pair of Frida Kahlo earrings in there once, and now, I seem to be known as the girl with the Frida Kahlo earrings. Even my friends have forgotten my name.Go on in, grab a bite. Work your way through the list of teas. It's nice and cosy inside.
5	I've been wracking my brains trying to remember the name of this cute cafe and tea room all week. I went through Elegant, Endearing, Elephant and Ethereal before stumbling upon Julia S's review and remembering it's called Ephemeris!A lovely, old fashioned tea shop, they serve tea, coffee, sandwiches, light snacks and homemade cakes. The tea is made from leaves and the extensive list includes everything from herbal and fruit teas to builders teas. In keeping with the cute and chintzy interior, it's served in vintage polka dot and flowery tea-pots with china cups. Forgive me for saying it Ephemeris, but in keeping with my addiction - the hilight of my visit was the freshly ground coffee. Brewed from freshly roasted beans, it smelt and tasted divine.
4	An 'ephemeris' is a table that gives the position of astronomical objects. I discovered this after asking the owner how this delightful, homely cafe got its name. It turns out that the Polish owner, who's nickname is a Polish word similar to 'ephemeris' wanted to call it 'The Living Room' at first, and then opted for her nickname instead.And a living room is exactly how this place feels. Situated on the cross at Marchmont Road, it's a small, cosy cafe that has a very hand-made feel. A Polish tea shop, with a Scottish twist (scones and tea at the ready!) it's a lovely place to catch a quiet hour with yourself, lunch with a friend, or take the family for Sunday tea.Because tea is what Ephemeris specialises in. Tea as far as the eye can see. So many different types of tea. And it's real tea. Not branded, fancy, labelled. Tea that's been mixed and labelled by Ephemeris. Whilst I may have opted for Earl Grey and a scone to sit in, I came away with a bag of the 'calming' tea. A mix of melissa, orange, hibiscus and rose. Delightful. There's a full menu of all the different types with descriptions of the ingredients. To give you a taste there's also "autumn colours" of carrot, apple, pumpkin and saffron; and "Little Red Riding Hood", with apple, blackcurrant, strawberries, rose, and raspberry. Take that Twinings.This is a wonderful, local, friendly establishment which I'll be coming to time and again for my tea and cake time. I've also spied they do breakfast. Excellent!
