4	This is a practically brand new restaurant.  Very clean and efficient.  You haven't had a Chili-cheese dog until you've had Wienerschnitzel.  Today I tried their new "Sea-dog".  Its a deep fried fish filet with lettuce and tartar sauce on a hot dog bun.  It was very good.   This restaurant also has the Tastee-Freeze ice cream for sale as well.
5	I've been eating "The Schnitz" for most of my life now and I dont think that there has been a location that I've been to, that I've been dissapointed in.But because this one is the closest to my house, I shall review it.I have never been told "we're out of that" at this location.The two guys that run it, "know me" and always greet me with a "how have you been or where have you been?." They work quick and my orders are always on the mark.They may take a lil longer to pump out the order, but thats because they dont heat lamp any of their food, so its always fresh.
5	Once again, we love going to this restaurant because they have the family deal that you can not beat if you are hungry for hot dogs. They have the 5 for $5 deal. Can you beat that? I don't think so!! The family and I love chili dogs, so of course we are gonna go here!! YAY for Wienerschnitzel!! This time, we went to the one that is in front of Las Vegas Outlet. YYYYYAAAAAYYYY for chili dogs!!
3	Why am I writing a review for Wienerschnitzel? I guess it seemed sad that they only had three reviews to date. If you don't feel like driving all the way to Costco for a hot dog you can't really go wrong here. Keep your eye out for coupons in the weekly circular if you want a really good deal.
5	This is a nice and clean location! Great customer service!
4	To be honest, I only drove thru this place because a friend of mine told me they have corn dogs. Whaaaat?! Somewhere besides Hot Dog on a Stick that serves my beloved processed meat deep fried in a cornmeal batter?! And not having to wait for the local carnival/fair to come into town to indulge in this fare food?!  I was so there.They have a special of 5 for $5 corn dogs and although I was so tempted, I stuck with my usual 2. It was steaming hot as I drove away and dug right in. So delicious and worth the calories. I will be going back for sure...for the corn dogs.For anyone reading this review and wonder why this would even be helpful, so what, I like corn dogs and not getting anything else. Enjoy!
4	Great food for the price. I love their chili dogs and their ice cream!
1	Horrible and terrible customer service!  When I was just about to place my order, a customer just got a sundae and asked the cashier for just a little bit more fudge on top (this Wienerschnitzel had chintz him on the fudge), but the cashier (Yussell) sternly said, "No" and told him that it was cost him 27 cents more!  What a joke!Of course, I was leery that my family would receive poor service as well.  My wife and I order their new Angus hot dogs.  About 2/3 of the way done eating, we realized that they forgot to put the crunchy onions on top.  When I approached the cashier, who summoned the cook, the cook was confused.  Apparently, the cook did not know that these crunchy onions go on top.  What can you do about this, since we were almost done with our hot dogs.  Very disappointing!
