4	It is my first sushi venture in Las Vegas area, for a good reason. I am very skeptical of sushi restaurants that are not located within 50 miles off the coast. Sure stuff can be flown everywhere, but restaurants along the coast have a distinct advantage of real fish markets within close proximity. That and Vegas's demand for the ultimate mainstream and average-American friendly thing doesn't quite mean good sushi in my mind. Where dragon rolls are the mark of quality, for me it is quite the opposite.However, this place was recommended by a worker at my favorite ramen place, so it had to be tried. Tucked away in Henderson in a seemingly empty corner of some retirement community, this is a nice simple modern place with plenty of counter space and an open robata grill to the side. Menu has nice simple Japanese cuisine as well as the dreaded dragon roll that everyone looks for. We sat at the counter with Jun-san, the head sushi chef. He was very friendly and was happy to see that I was a passionate sushi enthusiast, gave us uni from a hidden fridge as well as some domestic kobe beef slightly torched. All the fish came from different sources, such as tai from Japan and chu-toro from Spain, which tells me he puts good thought behind fish purchasing. Some great aspects of the kitchen is that they hand-make their own tofu as well as udon. Did not have room for udon but I did try their agedashi which was done very well with light but richly flavored dashi broth. Tofu was soft with a great texture. From the robata we asked for chicken meatball (tenuku?) which was really a hotdog shaped chopped mixture of chicken and herbs, grilled and smothered in sauce, and my favorite, a fresh egg underneath it on the plate that allows the runny yolk goodness smother itself all over the meat (they ask you if you want it when you order, in case you're squeamish, but ahh I love runny eggs). The fish wasn't the freshest but I was told that Sunday is not the best day of the week for him. Apparently Thursday is the day to go. But the uni was nice and sweet, chu-toro nice and firm, and Jun-san treats the ikura himself.I was told that this is the best sushi in Vegas area, and I'm ready to believe it. I am no fan of Nobu and this is a great place to be away from all the blinking lights. Overall it was a very pleasant find and I was glad to dine there.
5	Review by a Japanese born and raised there.This place is a hidden gem.Who would expect a GREAT Japanese place on a strip mall in Henderson!?I had so many unique, beautifully presented, and absolutely delicious dishes there.  I had the most excellent tofu there (homemade) and is probably nothing like tofu you have ever had (unless you are from Japan).Eat the tofu with salt.  If you think tofu is not worth ordering by itself, give it a try.Another really memorable dish was a salmon sashimi wrapped in a thin slice of daikon.  I'd never had this before, and it makes my mouth water just thinking about it.Their logo is one of the coolest I've seen...  The character "En" rotated 45-degrees.  Whoever designed this is f'in awesome.
5	Big sushi eater here.The place is really beautiful.  The dishes and the decor are pretty, and the little details of the place really set it apart.  The prices are very reasonable, and the sushi is delicious.  The service was efficient, but baked and fried rolls do take a little time.  The presentation of each piece of sushi is carefully thought through, and it's beautiful to look at as well as delicious to eat, as good sushi should be.The robata grill was a unique touch, but nothing to really jump up and down over.  I'd suggest getting your sushi, and ordering a few skewers from the grill just to sample, as they start at just $1.50 each.  I love Dynamite, and every place I go, I sample their take on the dish.  En Sushi's dynamite is among the very best, and among the most unique, as well.  It's almost like a seafood dip, complete with chips.  While not my absolute favorite version of sushi, it's still up there.Great value over all, and great place to take a date, or anyone you want to impress.  Go on a weekday.
5	This place is AWSOME! My fiance and I have been going to this place as soon as it opened up. They recently went through new ownership and it has gotten SO much better. Don't get me wrong this place was good with the old owner but with the change in management we find ourselves there at least once a week! Last week we went there 3 days in a row! ITS REALLY THAT GOOD!Since they are under new ownership they ask what kind of rolls that we look for when we eat at sushi joints and they ALWAYS make us what we want. The rolls that we ask for aren't even on the menu and the fact that they make it for us the way we want gives this place all the stars that I could give them. If I could add extra stars I would! The fact that I have been asking them to start serving Takoyaki and they did that deserves all the stars in the world! Talk about customer service. Its not even on the menu but if you are craving Takoyaki, just go there and ask for it and they will gladly make it for you. As soon as they see me walk up they are already making it in the back for me! They also have a beef tataki that my fiance LOVES, it has FRESH wasabi on top and little crunchies served with it. You can't beat that! Also the Yoshi special is DELICIOUS! I don't know what he puts in that roll but it's to die for if you like spicy rolls! Their robata grill is good too. You rarely see fois gras on a menu and they have that as part of their robata gril! They also had pig ears one night and it was good! i'm not one to eat that stuff but it was really good! The tomatoes are great too! My friend had 10 skewers one night at dinner! It's that good!  I could go on and on about the place as you can tell but you should really try it for yourself!It's slow there so whenever we go there we are the only ones there but I would love to see them get more business. I would hate to see them go down because they are SO attentive. So if you are looking for good rolls, takoyaki and grilled veggies, meat, and seafood you should definitely check this place out! Oh yea, they just opened up for lunch today so you could even try it if you work in the area! Shawn, Yoshi, Yasosan (sorry if I misspelled it!) are awsome!
4	I go here with my dad whenever I visiting my old people.  The atmosphere is nice and the service is great.  The chefs are friendly.  The menu has a nice selection, although not anything too different.  However, En is reasonably priced and tastes wonderful  So much of Vegas sushi tastes like a mix of Chicken of the Sea mixed with dirty carrots.  En is my favorite sushi place in the area!
5	Good news/bad news... bad news is that the Raku connection is no longer -- good news is that the new owner has kept most of the signature dishes on the menu so that fans can continue to enjoy the signature dishes that made this restaurant such a standout.  Even better news is that Shawn -- formerly one of the top sushi chefs of Ka and his wife Sue, have taken over ownership of the restaurant and it's wonderful.  Service is lovely - food is great.   It's a gem of a find.Tonight we had the Sin City roll and the Bam Bam and they were both terrific -- the tomato skewers are phenomenal, the corn potato -- well, just trust me, you have to have it to believe it and it's great.I'm really looking forward to plenty of repeat visits -- oh and a shout out to Yoshi -- nice job, too!  Congratulations guys!
5	Party of 12, special ordered sushi and our own bottle of sake made for a perfect experience here. The sushi chefs made good on all the dishes that kept on coming. Great cooked food for those scared of fish, so there is something for everybody.Got notice from the sushi chef that they had some special fish in so I drove down and enjoyed live uni. Thats what I call great service. Somehow I killed two hours here :)Worth checking out, worth the drive, and will keep you coming back.
4	I'm really torn between 3/4 stars, but I've decided to round up because the food was good. First the good:Robata grill stuff ROCKED! Duck ($3) and Kobe ($6) were both incredible. The portions are small, but so are the prices. Monkey Special: this sounds sick, but we loved the tempura banana covered in tuna... the combo really worked. Sushi: Sushi rolls were good, but not great. No major complaints or raves here. Then the bad:Gratuitous use of fake KRAB. Plus they call it crab, and it's not crab. I ordered everything without this stuff as I think it's gross. It's like Ka all over again! Ok, so the service was well.. awful. The watiress spoke very very poor english, but I can't fault someone for that. We decided to order a custom roll. This is one of my favorite aspects of a "neighborhood" sushi joint.. getting the chefs to makeup custom off the menu things. This may be me being a brat.. but this is something I've always been able to do at smaller type sushi joints. We ordered a roll with tuna, shrimp tempura, cream cheese, and avocado on soy paper. The roll comes out with just tuna, and shrimp tempura.. on regular paper.. covered in tuna. HRM... ok. So she disappears for 15 minutes and when she comes back she says "everything ok".. "well no actually this roll is pretty wrong.. it was supposed to have cream cheese and avocado".. she runs away and comes back 10 minutes later with a block of cream cheese and diced avocado.. seriously weird.. like we're going to assemble our own roll over here? Next issue... we asked for the lobster roll without tartar sauce. It came with tartar sauce... all..over..it.. who the hell wants tartar sauce on sushi? Seriously that's sick. I tried to be super friendly about all the issues, but maybe because of the language barrier.. I think she felt akward. She disappeard for 30 minutes! Getting the check took another 20 minutes after we asked for it. Typically when you know a customer has had a bad experience, you try to do things like printing the check faster than 20 minutes. All in all dinner took 2.5 hours, which is kind of ridiculous given we didn't order that much food. Anyways, I know part of my issues were me being a picky b*tch.. ie, making a custom roll and wanting no tartar sauce on my sushi. However, I do think when the custom roll came out wrong, bringing me a block of cream cheese was completely weird and not the right way to handle the issue!I'll give them another try, but next time I know not to try anything weird... !
5	I had a hard time deliberating if I should give this 4 or 5 stars since I don't like to usually round up to 5 stars.  However, service, cleanliness, food, and uniqueness all were good enough to have me push it up.  The place is very clean, the ambiance soothing, and the decor has a great Japanese feel.  I'm ashamed for not writing about this place sooner as I have eaten here a few times already.  The service is very friendly.  Everyone greets you, and they have a genuine smile on their face.  They seem to always make sure that the customer is taken care of.The food is very well done.  The sushi and other food are aesthetically pleasing along with very delicious.  The Robata Grill picks are very good.  The tofu salad is probably one of the best that I've eaten except that I've learned how to make it myself since I love recreating foods.  The corn potato is different, but not bad.  The NY Steak skewer had a bit more to be desired, but not a bad idea.  The chicken meatball is delicious, and the calamari is superb although I don't think the tartar sauce quite fits the bill as an accompanying sauce.  However, it tastes great by itself.  The creme brulee and cheesecake are homemade along with one other dessert which I forgot at the moment.   They were also very satisfying. As always, it does take a lot to make a place 5 star worthy, yet this one seems to just have made it.  It was an enjoyable dining experience here.  They also took a picture of us on a polaroid to hang on a tree so that the customer with the best artistic picture will win some type of gift.  I just wonder how they will give out the gift since they didn't take any information.
4	Oh how i love to wander away from the strip to find something worth eating and this place is one of them.  The decor is nice very hip and modern looking. the service is friendly. sushi is definately fresh. What made this place special to me was that not was it only sushi but it's a robata grill. the food felt like it's for izakaya. Little snackable foods to eat while you drink. the only downfall for it and it's not the reason i took off a star, but the problem is that it's pretty far from the strip.
4	The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because the drink menu is a bit neglected.. if they had as much creativity in their cocktail menu as they do on the Sushi menu then it would be a 5 star for sure.So, here's the review.. I have already been there too many times to count, they know us well and I might be a bit spoiled because of it but hey, we kept going for a reason.The sushi is very fresh, I'm pretty picky about that and if I even get a slightly off odor I'm outta there.  You can tell that they have given a lot of attention to cleanliness and detail and for a sushi place, that would be very important.  No fishy odor in the restaurant at all.. not like other places I won't name! The creative menu, cleanliness, freshness, friendly staff, loyalty, open to creating individualized sushi for you, and ambience all make this the place to go for sushi lovers.  We've done "I Love Sushi", Ka, Spicy Tuna, Nobu and just about everywhere else and we keep coming back here..Make sure you try the foie gras from the Robata grill..it's a winner! The Saba with fresh wasabi will get you addicted.For those with negative reviews.. how? I can't even fathom how that happened at En Sushi.
5	I didn't think it was possible.  At first it was like a mirage.  I thought "In my neighborhood, a real Japanese restaurant?"  It's very real and very terrific.  I have been eating here for about 6 months so I should mention this by now..I have had almost everything on the menu here but I'll just mention what I think is the best.  I don't often get the robata other than a side of nasu but it's pretty good too.  I like sunomono salad, agedashi is terrific, chirashi is plentiful, takoyaki for a snack, and tonkatsu for lunch.  The people who work here are very kind and the service here is always terrific.  I eat here a lot when I am not feeling well to try and improve my health.
5	http://www.eatinglv.com/2009/06/en-sushi-on-klas-tv-cbs-channel-8s-dishing-dining/Nice...
5	This place is great! This is hands down the best sushi place in Las Vegas, they have the best staff, the best ambiance and of course, yes the best sushi! I just can't say enough about it. These guys sure know their stuff. Sean and Sue are the owners and they always make sure we leave super satisfied and FULL!  Yoshi is also a sushi chef and sake bombs with him is a MUST! They have flatscreen T.V.'s so you can watch sports while you eat great food! What can be better?  Yasu san is the Robota KING!  He treats that charcoal and skewars better than some people treat their children! He's always checking and turning making sure the temperature and texture is perfect with every piece. My husband and I go here whenever we are craving sushi. One time we actually went 5 days in a row!  We have tried all the other places like I Love Sushi, Ka, Sushi Mon, Kabuki and any other sushi place that is close by. No one comes close! Whenever we have family or friends in town we always bring them to En, now when they come back they always ask if En will be one of the places we will go to. We always reply with an enthusiastic YES! They think we are treating them but really, it's a treat for us!Service is awesome, they even deliver which is great for those days when one of us is sick or we're tired from a long day at work and can't make it there but really REALLY want sushi.mmmm.... just thinking about it makes me want to go there right now! Must try: red snapper special sashimi, california salad, beef tataki, anything on the robata menu, actually, anything on thier menu is a must try, who am I kidding trying to single out any dish!  :-)
5	We love this place!  It's local too! Ride your bike to sushi.  Love it...
5	my wife and i are extremely picky about japanese food--it's our favorite cuisine.  we have eaten sushi, teppan, and robata from san francisco to tokyo.  En is as good as it gets.  and how lucky are we that it's the closest japanese restaurant to our house?!  unlike the very racist reviewer below who basically said that a korean run place can't make good sushi, we don't care WHO makes the food as long as it's GOOD.  and this place is FANTASTIC.  our kids love it, and we love it.  their fish is fresh--surprise surprise, that happens to be important--unlike the ethnicity of the sushi chef.  the tofu is HOMEMADE--if you like agedashi tofu, En's homemade version is a delight.  not many places serve robata grill food and en's is excellent.  the service is very friendly and we've become such regulars that the wait staff know exactly what our kids order every single time.  when we leave for vacation we always look forward to coming back home and having a meal at en.  A good meal is a good meal and friendly service is friendly service.  Our favorite japanese restaurant in the world happens to be in henderson, NV.  nothing wrong with that food snobs!
1	Review by a real Japanese.This is a Korean ran joint and they don't do anything right.  Sushi rice was wrong, sushi cuts were poor, the balance was hopelessly mistaken.My son had Tonkatsu and even that was completely botched.  There is no redeeming quality here.  If I could give negative or zero star, I would have.Another Chinese/Korean pseudo sushi disaster.
4	Out of the way place -- En Sushi was a drive (and we were already staying in Henderson) but well worth it. Went on a Saturday afternoon. Place was empty and WYATT, my three-year old, stretched out on the padded bench and promptly fell asleep (so the rest of us had an unhurried, two hour late lunch -- a nice plus). The atmosphere was casual, the decor seductive and the service relaxed, personal and attentive. The premium sake we had paired well with everything we ordered and our little ice carafe was well attended (frequently refilled) by our server. The miso, one of the usual Japanese restaurant choices of JULIANA (my five-year old) had lots of the housemade tofu and was her all time favorite. Sadly her shrimp tempura was a bit undercooked and the oil wasn't quite hot enough (so the batter was a little greasy). From the robata we did not specify how we wanted them cooked and the kobe (nothing special) and the duck breast (the basalmic made it) were both medium well and not the medium rare I would have preferred. (And i, a notorious tough reviewer, still gave the place four stars -- yeah, it was that good.) The beef tongue (which we had after the foie gras) was good but (in the same teriyaki sauce as the foie) not particularly distinctive. The corn-potato was just, plain fun. The foie gras was OMG. We (it was a party of four) had three cut rolls (Sexy Girl, Candy Cane and one whose name I can't recall), a salmon-skin hand roll plus white-tuna (yes, I know it's not really tuna) and uni sashimi. Sauces were more subtle and complex than the usual chili-mayo and sweet soy concoctions you get at the typical American sushi joint. i know the review seems overly critical but to tell you the truth i was really wowed. Really a good dining experience.
5	I've been twice in the past couple weeks and this is my current favorite sushi place in Las Vegas ! The sashimi is always so fresh and tasty. The cuts are generous. The robata grill stuff is an awesome addition. The owner and other sushi chefs are friendly and fun. I will warn you the suburban douche population is HUGE at this place. The sushi bar is always crawling with tools from Anthem that have never eaten sushi before and freak out about every single item they try "OMG it's salmon..OMG this is the best salmon I've ever eaten", etc. If you can get over the suburbanites by all means you must go here!
5	Hard to find hidden jem. Some of the best rolls I have ever had. Love the Robata grills on the table don't miss the potato corn skewer. Friendly staff the decor is a bit stark and the music lacks but the food is top notch.
4	Dear En Sushi,We surely do miss you and all of the money we spent at your restaurant. You are way too far of a drive and we became unfaithful after discovering...RAKU!  We miss you En Sushi and sad to hear that "Mr. Miyagi" went back home...Sincerely,Your Xmas Photo Ornament 2008-2009
5	I have been going to EN since they first opened and it is always great!  The fish is fresh, the rolls are unique and the same chef's are always there and are great!  Everyone that works there is very friendly and remembers you.  I love the BAM BAM roll, but have had so many rolls there.  They are all really good!  Lisa Lisa, Something Wrong, on and on...even the simple rolls and sashimi are wonderful.The purple haze is pretty cheap sake but tasty and I love having it once in a while (when I'm not having green tea).Their homemade desserts are delicious!About the prices: I feel they are very reasonably priced, especially for the size of the rolls and the quality of the food.  If you get a specialty roll, they run about $13 but it's enough to fill one person up.Love EN!!!
4	This Japanese restaurant tucked away in a strip mall in Henderson is definitely worth the trip.Now let me be frank. This is not some high end Japanese restaurant - it's clearly a neighbourhood joint. No - it does not feature high end fancy Japanese cuisine such as Okada or Shibuya on the Strip.Rather it is simple inexpensive place with solid Japanese food. Having experienced a number of pseudo-Japanese sushi joints (aka run by Korean chefs), real sushi places are actually few and far between in Vegas. So this place is a real gem.The menu is varied featuring sushi, robata, noodles and tonkatsu. We've been a few times and have tried various things on the menu. Of note are the sashimi dinner which features a large portion of fresh fish - more than what is written on the menu. Tempura is nice and perfectly crisp. Grilled foie gras, duck breast, portabella mushroom and Chilean sea bass are all very good.They have a business card to encourage folks to come back again - there are a variety of sizable appy's (tempura, edamame, robata, etc) that you get free with minimum purchase. Once you have tried all of their appys - the next meal gets a 30% discount. Folks - this is way better than the Ichiza "club" discount program.We only wish that this place was located closer to our place so we could go more often.
5	This place is always awesome!!!  My wife and I had another great meal last night!!!  Thanks Yoshi for the hospitality!!!Its walking distance to Coventry Homes!!!  Yipeeeee
5	Thanks to all my fellow yelpers who reviewed this place. All the good reviews enticed me to go try EN and you were so right!!! My hubby and I both loved it. It's in my list of top three favorite sushi bars!!!! Maybe I'm just getting addicted to sushi but I know I will definitely crave this place in the future. Their Screaming Orgasm is bomb! I've tried the Hot Night Roll and Sexy Girl Roll so far and they were both yummy! The BBQ Short Ribs were tasty too!! Can't wait to try more rolls!
4	If you live on the East side of town and don't feel like driving to Raku, then I recommend going to En Sushi and Robata Grill instead to get your Japanese fix. I have only been once since it is all the way in Anthem , so I can't give the most complete review, but I will say everything we had was above par and the space was superior to that of most neighborhood restaurants.En's decor is clean and modern - definitely a place suitable to take a date. The staff was all friendly, though there weren't quite enough of them. Despite the fact it took a little while to get out the food, the waitress was attentive and everything from the grill came out hot.The robata items didn't have the intense charred flavor of those at Raku, but they were good nonetheless. The corn stuffed with sweet potato ($2.50) was on the mushy side, but the other vegetables were crispy (the shishito peppers were especially good, $1.25). I'm glad the chef of both Raku and En, Mitsuo Endo, has created a robata trend that is being followed by a lot of Japanese restaurants, but the way the robata is used at Raku showcases the cooking method better than any other, including En (I was just in Raku last night marveling out how they could get so much flavor into a cherry tomato that looked like it had been on the grill for all of two seconds). En also makes their own tofu, but sadly they were out of it when we were there so I couldn't say how their version compares to that of its sister restaurant.One thing you can't get at Raku, however, is sushi, so if that is what you are after to complement your robata craving then come here instead. The Yellowtail Lover ($12) was a successful roll prepared with thick slices of hamachi and a creamy spicy filling complemented by the acidity of a spicy garlic ponzu. The individual pieces were sized appropriately, and it was better than most rolls I've had. Anyone who likes Sushi Fever will be happy with the creative Americanized sushi menu here.
5	The place is an an unassuming shopping center in a high end neighborhood in the burbs of Vegas.  Once inside, I was surprised that it wasn't that big.  However, the decor and cleanliness was nice.  The service was good, except I think that the hostess/mom forgot to put in our appetizer order, so that took 20 + minutes to come to our table.  However, once it did come, it was terrific.  They patiently waited for us to finish the apps before bringing the rolls.  I could tell the rolls had just been finished, and they didn't disappoint.  The quality of the fish was outstanding.  Probably the best sushi I've had in my life.  At first I was a bit surprised there was no soy sauce or wasabi with it, but honestly, it would have just ruined the flavor.  There was already plenty of sauces on the rolls depending on the one you ordered.  The Spicy Spider roll was our favorite, but you probably cant go wrong with any of them.  Will be back...so glad I went here rather than a steakhouse for a bday dinner.
5	Great service, generous portions...so far my favorite Japanese restaurant in Vegas!!
4	Pretty Darn Good!Lots of selection, fresh fish, great rolls and really good appetizers.The one knock I give them is that they put too much sauce on everything so that your rolls and sashimi tend to be swimming in juice/sauce. So we always ask them to go easy on the sauces, and that helps.I'm not a big fan of the "grill" part of the menu.  We've ordered off of it a couple times, and the meat tends to be dry.
5	Holy Anthem Shopping Center!  and THANK YOU Blair B.!!!!  I finally decided to get here, and it took 2 calls to the restaurant and my inability to comprehend that going up the hill on Eastern is south and not north to get me to find En.I arrive, sit at the bar, and meet Chef Jieun (sp?) and Chef Sean, and everything-man Yoshi.  Yoshi recognized me as cuckoo lost lady on the phone (in a nice way) and was glad I made it.  The service was outstanding.  I got iced green tea (what a surprise), and ordered the homemade tofu agedashi style and the Japanese eggplant with bonito flake from the robata side to start.  The agedashi tofu came with 2 shishito peppers (yummy surprise!) and the eggplant was delicious.Then Chef Jieun hooked me up with the perfect saba sushi with shiso leaf and everyone seemed amazed that I like mackerel.  I also got complementary spicy garlic edamame in that time.  Then I asked for yellowtail jalepeno sashimi and told em I like it spicy, so Chef Jieun snuck in 2 thin slices of serrano peppers on the fish to spice it up more, plus yuzu sauce and yuzu-ponzu-chile sauce.  I ended up pouring the sauces into my soy sauce dish for later.Then I got a salmon skin handroll complete with gobo root and avocado (after watching it get blowtorched, sweet!) and robata foie gras (sauce on side - not a fan of teriyaki).  Yoshi gave me the house special corn-potato to try and the corn had a hint of sweetness and that great grill taste.  At the end, I also was graced with free vanilla mochi, too much to eat!Refills aplenty, Yoshi gave me a to-go cup of iced green tea without my asking.  So generous!  Plus a really good discount/free food card for the next visits.  I need to get back for whole scallop sushi and Spanish mackerel on the weekends.  Togarashi on the tables, a very welcoming atmosphere, and great conversation.  I sat next to some guys in town for the Hoover dam bridge opening, and they found En on YELP!!!!!! I'll be back!!
5	Everyone who knows me and my sushi needs knows that I'm loyal to one sushi place. So when some friends insisted we try En Sushi in the bourgeois hills of Anthem, my initial response was, "Pshh... why bother?"This place is unassuming and could easily be missed. It's small and cozy with chic and modern decor. There is a lot on the menu but everything, and I mean everything we tried was delicious from the corn potato to Hamachi Kama.I raised my eyebrow at some of the prices of rolls like the $18 Anthem Roll, but boy oh boy was it worth every penny! Every roll was huge and beautifully presented. The fish was fresh, the sauces were delectable, and there wasn't an overwhelming amount of rice.The corn potato was a cute (for lack of a better word) and tasty appetizer. We also had the baked green mussels. The crab layer kind of masked the green mussel flavor but they were delicious nonetheless.The waiter found out it was me and my husband's first visit there and they generously gave the whole party free strawberry ice cream! I had already planned on raving about this place on Yelp and this was icing on the cake.My only complaint is that it's quite a drive from our side of town but its worth every mile. So, the moral of this review is don't be afraid to venture out of your sushi comfort zone. You may be pleasantly surprised!
4	Having lived in Southern California most of my life it was never an issue finding a good sushi place.  Now that I live in Las Vegas I depend more on my Yelp friends to steer me in the right direction. And they didn't fail me when I was in search of a fairly close sushi place.My all time favorite sushi restaurant has to still be Tsunami Sushi on HB, CA (http://tsunami-hb.com/ , http://www.yelp.com/biz/tsunami-sushi-huntington-beach), but En Sushi is a very close second. It has a great atmosphere and very friendly staff. I started off with an Iced green tea and spicy garlic edamame. The edamame is great.  My friends started with an Uni shot, seaweed salad, and had a spicy salmon hand roll.I had a craving for Albacore sashimi, which is what led me on this adventure, and the chef said the salmon was very fresh, so ordered the salmon and the Cajun albacore sashimi, both were very fresh and tasty. I wanted to try one of there rolls which they have quite a selection of, so I went with the Spicy salmon roll with extra masago. Wow, it was a lot of food but I finished it all.
5	Awesome quality to say the least. Good lunch specials. Very fresh ingredients. I am very loyal to this place. Just wish they had a AYCE option and longer hours. Service is great but slow, so plan your visit with some time to enjoy. I love the grilled foie gras and sea bass, and the lobster roll and sun devil rolls are delicioso!
5	Best sushi EVER!!! Miss you guys, come visit us!!!
4	Sushi was good, service was pretty slow. The place was packed and En only had one waitress for the entire restaurant. They need to hire at least one more waitress to get 5 stars.
5	This is a great sushi restaurant with a very friendly staff. We originally went to a different place, and when trying to go back a second time ended up at En Sushi thanks to my phones bad GPS. This has become our sushi place and we are scared to go try anything else since we know how good it is. You can also get small kabobs of NY strip steak and fresh vegetables. Every time we have been it has been almost empty, which is fine for me. Last time we went in the chef was taking a nap on the bench, but awoke and was still able to prepare us a great meal.5 stars all day.
5	Hands down, the best sushi spot in and around Las Vegas. The prices are amazing, the menu has a great variety (even for the non-sushi lovers!) and  the food is always fresh and simply perfect. The staff is wonderful. For frequent customers, they have this little card with six, FREE appetizer options for you to choose from every time you come in and eat. Once you have tried all six, you get 30% off your next dinner!  A total win, win! If you want to eat some sushi that will make your taste buds orgasm, find your way to En Sushi.
2	When I ate there the first time - they served our party wonderful food fair. From the rolls to the fried rice to the pork tonkatsu. Since I had good food and service the first time, I decided to call in an order for pick-up. I ordered a Spicy Tuna roll -It smelled bad ! I could tell they served me rotting fish that had not been in a cold storage.Thats too bad for them - since down the street from them - less than 5 miles there are several other excellent Japanese sushi places.Needless to say - I will not be back there in a long time.
3	Food has gone downhill since early this summer, I will not be going back any time soon.
4	If you are a Japanese Food fan, and want to try some real Japanese food, check this place out!!!If you are the type that say I love sushi, but eating the hybrid American influenced rools like "sex on the beach" or "Dragon roll", or "rainbow roll", please be warned that this is a real place with real food.1.  Ambiance- A bit "cold" but overall small and nice place to bring guests, family or friends. Not your typical Japanese place with the traditional style or decor.2.  Service - Mainly served by the one waitress and several helpers. A bit frantic or unorganized and times, but always nice and very polite.3.  Food -  Robata Yaki is the Japanese Grill.  All fresh meats and vegetables are offered and cooked with either salt or teriyaki sauce.  This is basic like beef, chicken, wings, seafood, fish, veges. All simply grilled. Very basic, but very tasty. I recommend that you go for the salt or 'shio yaki' and ask for teriyaki sauce on the side. Outstanding simple taste of the freshness of the food.  By the way, unlike a Benihana style teppan yaki grill, where the meats are cooked on a huge iron surface, Robata Yaki is a traditional form of grilling and the "Robata" is an oar like paddle that is used to serve the diners who in a more traditional restaurent, would be sitting all around the grill and fresh food and the cooks would be in the middle grilling everything and serving to you with the paddle...4.  Pricing - Excellent and well worth it.  By the way, order a small amount and then you can always order a bit more.....5.  Gotta try it all, this is a great place. I have frequented Robata Yaki restaurants in Tokyo and San Francisco and this place is quite decent and for Las Vegas, unique!Friends, family, kids.  This is a great place.
2	We came here on a Friday night for dinner. Although my expectations were high from reading all of the good reviews, ESRG's underwhelming quality wasn't even close to what I would expect of a 4+ star establishment. It was a disappointing experience.The overall design and ambiance of the restaurant is nice. Clean and modern feeling. The service is satisfactorily friendly.For dinner we ordered an oyakodon bowl and a robata and sushi combination. The miso soup was okay, but had no seaweed in it. Not awful, but miso soup should have seaweed in it. Next came a spinach salad with a touch of vinaigrette on it. Extremely boring and not tasty.The oyakodon bowl was okay. The skewers of grilled chicken and fish I received with my combo dinner were drier than beef jerky. The nigiri slices were cut too thick. Although I appreciate the generosity, it's not fun to chew on a slice of salmon that's too thick.A fairly unremarkable sushi restaurant. There are many far better sushi establishments with slightly more reasonable prices.
4	Love this place. Great atmosphere and great service. Even my four year old likes it.
5	OK,  I have gone back twice now since the first time and I tell you the food is consistently awesome and fresh.I only order from the Robata menu. That is what makes this place so different!
4	Is sushi supposed to melt in your mouth like this?
2	We tried this place based on yelp reviews.  We were early diners arriving around 5:30 as we were headed to an event at the Pavillion.  At this early hour they were already out of their signature potato dish and one other robato item that Don ordered.My sushi was very average.
5	I love this place!! To me a real sushi restaurant will have fresh wasabi and this place does. Forget that green paste and get some fresh wasabi for you favorite sushi dishes. Now for the food, I haven't had a bad dish in this place. Spicy crab handrolls for only $5.00 is the deal of the day everyday.
2	I will start out by saying this used to be the BEST sushi place in Henderson... Fresh, delicious and unbelievable Tuna. The reason for my 2 star review is the place recently changed hands... not sure if ownership has changed or just management (as I was told). The quality has really gone down hill and in my mind is just another sushi spot in town. I used to pick up from them 2 or 3 times a week. I am sad to say I will not be ordering from them anymore. :(( I ordered last week: Spicy tuna rolls, rainbow rolls, crispy tuna rolls and all were just OK... I did not like the smell or taste of the tuna. Its sad cause they had superior tuna before. Now it is just not good. PLEASE bring back the old En Sushi!!!!I miss the old staff as well... what happened to EN?
3	Yep,  En has totally dropped down my list since they were sold a few months ago. Don't expect the same service or quality that you did.
5	I love Yelp! When I was craving Yakitori and driving my husband crazy this place completely fit the bill. My husband was happy with his sushi which given how fickle and picky he can be I say this is a good thing.
4	This is our favorite spot for sushi.  It's rarely busy and the food is always fabulous.  We went again Friday night, and the service was a little off.  We had to wait a long time for our order, and they forgot my rib-eye skewer.  The sushi was top notch, though.  My husband ordered a trio of sashimi and the presentation was exquisite.We will continue to go back because the quality of the food, the presentation and the price is worth it.  We do wish they'd bring back the watermelon sorbet...
5	We LOVE this place! It's unexpectedly nice inside, the service is great, it's quiet and the food is fantastic!
2	This used to be one of our favorite local sushi haunts. In the past, we would be willing to make the considerable drive from Summerlin. Sadly it has changed ownership and gone WAY downhill in terms of everything that matters: quality,quantity, value, and service. What originally started out as a 4-star establishment for us can no longer be recommended. Our recent repeat visit was even worse than a disappointing experience from a couple months ago. We should've realized something was amiss when the restaurant was practically deserted during prime hours on a Friday night. Apparently we're not the only ones who have noticed a change for the worse. We're sorry to see this one fall, but we will not be returning.
2	I'm really sad.The people that once owned En Sushi have sold the business. So what was once a good quality, very affordable Japanese joint has been converted to yet another subpar neighbourhood sushi restaurant run by people who don't know Japanese cuisine.Let me give it to you straight. If see a menu that has rolls that have 12 ingredients on it, run far far far away. Although my husband and I didn't order any rolls, our companions did. The rolls were the circumference of the bottom of a coke can. Topped with all these ingredients, how can all the individual flavours come through? What was the chef thinking? Well, obviously, soaking it a dish of sauce is an obvious answer to this question. If it wasn't messy enough already, it sure was one hot messy meal then.This is not sushi. I don't have a name for this atrocity but it certainly is NOT sushi.If the legit-ness of this place didn't plummet right then and there, it hit the proverbial rock bottom when they served the paper thin slices of sashimi, cut incorrectly. Inside I'm cringing because we told our pals that this place was good.Tempura was overly hard and thick and wasn't nearly as delicious as it was from my previous review. Plus they seriously cut down the portion sizes from my last review.And a final note, they no longer have the ongoing offers for free food either that I mentioned previously. Even if they did, we will not be returning.
4	This sushi experience was pretty good for me. We got there and the place was empty - granted it was about 8:30pm which is really late for this area. We got to sit at the sushi bar with our 2 kiddos which was really nice. My sushi roll was very fresh and the eel sauce not too sweet. My boyfriend's beef teriyaki was very good and he kept raving about it.  Our server made this experience amazing. We let him know we had never been there and he accommodated very well explaining things. My son went to the restroom and the door was too heavy for him and he couldn't get out but we didn't hear him crying for us, but our waiter did. And around the corner came our Server in shining armor with our crying child.  Kudos to an attentive waiter and really good sushi chef.
5	Bravo to EN SUSHI......Been going there since they opened and they have an excellent Hamachi Jalapeno along with the many rolls.  If you ask for something specific they are more than happy to accommodate your sushi desires.  Service is great too.
2	Not impressed at all. Great decor but service is average and the food is just average for the most part. The spicy garlic edamame is very flavorful. That was the most impressive dish we had. But not enough to get me to come back.
4	The sushi here always surprises me.  It is exceptionally fresh.  The service on this particular night was a bit lacking, but the food was, as always, excellent.
4	I used to go here almost everyday when my office was just across the parking lot.  I loved their lunch specials: chicken katsu/ salmon teriyaki/ sushi/ sashimi with miso soup and salad for about $11.  As soon as my number shows up on their caller ID, they already know what I want...unless they have a new employee.One time I miscalculated how much cash to bring but instead of asking me to walk back to my office to grab more money then pay them, they told me it's fine.  Sure, it was only  a dollar but still.  So, I went back in the afternoon before going home to pay them.  They're really nice!They have good food and I've often wished they had AYCE but at the same time I'm glad they don't otherwise, I'd weight a ton!
5	During my current week+ long holiday break from work, I've found myself eating out constantly and absolutely stuffing my face with some of my favorite foods at some of my favorite restaurants  The goal is to seemingly be unrecognizable from the weight gain upon returning to the office.   The one exception to going to all my current favorite restaurants was a revisit to what was one of my favorite restaurants from a year or two back, En Sushi & Robata.  I ended up here with some friends early last week before going to the movies, and upon request from the one friend who had never been, we found ourselves there a 2nd time merely 3 days later.  First I'll start by mentioning that I read many of the previous reviews, and while I knew a little about the previous ownership having something to do with the Mon Group (of which I am a big fan of generally), but I don't really follow restaurant ownership as much as the most Elite of Elites.  I did however notice a small diminishing of enjoyment in En's food about the time others were posting about the change in ownership, so I must say I'm convinced they may be accurately describing how things were, and it's possible it's the reason we stayed away for quite some time.  As a matter of fact, I hear so little about this place anymore that during the drive there the first visit, I considered that it might actually be closed.  When we arrived I was happy to see it was still there and open, though it was extremely empty for a Saturday night.  The next visit had a few more customers, but certainly not a full houseHere's a rundown of the items we ordered during the two visits:1)  Pretty much every veggie skewer (robata) dish.  These are my favorite selections on the menu.   We always need multiple orders of the zucchini, asparagus, and button mushrooms in the least.  Also really enjoyed the japanese eggplant.  Shishito peppers are a favorite of mine as well.  The potato corn is really tasty and basically tastes exactly as it sounds, but I don't find it a necessity.  These all run about $1.50-$2.50 a skewer, and you seriously can't go wrong just ordering 5-6 of them to start2)  Other robata:  I also usually get the NY Strip and some of the fish robata as well.  I must say I enjoy the veggie robata more than the meat/fish ones, which if you know me at all you'd find absurd.  This isn't to say they arent bad, but the veggie robata should be a priority3)  Garlic Edamame:  Big edamame fan, and can almost never resist it on any menu.  This version comes slathered with some garlic chili oil sauce that I find very tasty.  When no one is looking I can be known to suck the edamame pod clean off of this sauce before eating the edamame themselves.  Worst visual of the year?   Probs.4)  Sushi:  I'll first admit that I am by no means a sushi snob.  While I enjoy sashimi and nigiri as much as the next foodie, I can also put away roll after roll of oversauced, nonsensical rolls that use ingredients that are probably illegal in Japan.  Not of that variety is the Yellowtail Jalapeno dish, which is pretty standard at a lot of sushi restaurants but I find it a very good version using fresh fish here.  On these two visits we also had the "Angry Beef" roll and the "Hot Night" roll.  Angry beef was a roll stuffed only with veggies, but then surrounding it on the plate was a sizzling portion (think fajita style) of beef, onions, and mushrooms.   I think the idea here is to take the piece of veggie roll, and cover it with the other fixins.  That's how I did it anyway, and I liked it quite a bit.   I have no idea what the Hot Night roll is except that it was fried, I think it had cream cheese, and it was covered with crab.  Oh it also came with a dish of 2 sauces, of which I have no idea what they were.  I'd just dunk it into both and eat it.  I'm an animal.   I was a little disappointed to learn they no longer carry foie gras as it used to be one of my favorite things to order.  It still is listed on the menu like the proper tease that it is  Yes, I did consider dropping it to 4 stars for this alone. Everything was priced fairly, especially the robata skewers.  Service on both visits was fast and pleasant.  If you've never been or if you haven't been in a while, I'd urge you to give En a(nother) shot.  I was glad I did.  So glad in fact that I'm giving it a coveted 5 star review and the honor of being my 100th.    Arigatou gozaimasu!
3	Love the food here especially the wonderful garlic tuna dish. The reason I cant give it 5 stars is because the service is consistently poor to awful and very unprofessional.  Not to be a jerk but sometimes the young ladies here are braindead. In fact one time I took guests we waited over an hour and a half and the waitress only returned once during the entire time so being that we were there to eat sushi we were planning on ordering a lot more. Id also like to point out that it wasn't that busy. One couple actually went straight to Wendys afterwards so they could "have dinner", quite embarrassing for me as the host. When a member of the dinner party explained our disappointment to the server she giggled and said "oh". Frankly because of this situation I will only go back when I drive by and see its really slow and im craving the garlic tuna. Very disappointing because I love the food
5	We have eaten here 4-5 times and each time have had excellent food.  On our last two visits we took friends who also really enjoyed their meals.We mainly eat off the dinner menu rather than ordering sushi.  Robata grill, tempura, chicken teriyaki have all been delicious.  Menu seems new and expanded as of our last visit.  I enjoyed the combo meal that had noodle soup (full of big, thick noodles) and tempura.  Our friends liked their sushi although I didn't get any details.  On earlier visits while the service was OK, waiters/waitresses hadn't stood out as being particularly friendly, but our last couple visits have seemed much better.  In fact, our waiter last time (who said he was relatively new there) seemed truly interested in our friends' opinions on the sushi they had ordered and he was pretty talkative - in a good way, not annoyingly so.We will return.
2	We elected to try this "sushi" restaurant under the current owners after nearly a year and, unfortunately, it has not improved.  Under the previous owners the fish was always fresh and well prepared and the "sushi chef owner and his assistant" were always full of great banter and responded honestly to which fish selections that day had the best taste.  Very much in a true traditional sushi bar manner!  This evening I ordered traditional sushi pieces just to see how the preparation and taste would turn out--hamachi, sake, ono, maguro, unagi, saba, ama ebi, etc.  No rolls!  Starting with the rice it tasted somewhat bland (a starch taste) and no hint of wasabi.  As the fish pieces came out some had a "fresh frozen" taste.  The "hamachi" had the best appeal but not by much.  The "ono" was thinly sliced and the unagi sauce was bland.  The oil used in frying the "ama ebi" needs to be changed and the "shrimp head" itself was pretty small.  I could go on but I think that speaks for itself.  If you desire a true and traditional sushi experience you might want to go somewhere else!
5	AMAZING!  We have gone here a few times now and really have no complaints.  My husband is a cooked sushi kind of person and I am the raw plain sashimi type.  En gives us both the variety we crave.  The prices are pretty reasonable, I mean I pay 5.80 for 3 thick pieces of fish and the rolls are the same price.  They have a full bar as well with decent pricing there too. Our waitresses have been great the last few times we have been there.  The first time we went, eating at the sushi bar itself mind you, we had to beg for refills.  Not the past few times. At the end of every meal, hang around and have them make you the orange.  The sushi chef creates a great bunny out of an orange as your dessert.  So creative and a nice way to end the meail.
5	We go for lunch. Great food at a great value. Beef Bento Box is my favorite, but other choices have been equally good.
1	So we finally decided to eat here last night after the first attempt last week but we saw no one in the restaurant or cars in the parking lot,  oh they were open as you can see the neon light saying open was on and we saw a chef behind the counter,  but we left and decided to go elsewhere. We should have known better when we noticed there was only 2 other couples inside the restaurant.  don't get me wrong their sushi was ok,  but not something to go crazy over and must have. I have had pretty darn good sushi from Smith's and it's in comparison to their sushi here. And the Robata grill...  first of all they don't do foie gra no more and our server told us they were out of portobello mushrooms and sushito peppers, big disappointment there which left me No choice but to order the steak and chicken...  whipptey frickin do!! We had to practically look for our server the entire time we were there even to get refills on our water & get this,  he left before we did!  The sushi chef was the one that closed our check out and we were the last ones there shortly after another couple at the bar left before us. I don't know if this place has gone downhill from the last time customers were coming here posting their food pictures. 1 star rating for this place because of the lack of knowledge and service by our server and the items I wanted to try on their menu wasn't available. Definitely never coming back. Trust me when I say that there's a reason why their parking lot is empty...  that's always the biggest sign!!!
4	Very good quality sushi and I love the Robata grilling technique very flavorful meats and veggies.  Definitely a great place to check out.  The service is always friendly as well.
5	Have to update my review. They have redone their menus and dropped the Bento Boxes. They have replaced with Chicken or Beef Bowls. Also, they have lower prices than the Boxes. Almost as good. I still recommend.
3	This used to be our spot! And then it closed while we were away, back in Minnesota for a Summer. When we arrived back, they had reopened under new management and unfortunately did not hit the ever-loving bar anymore.
4	I stopped in here the other day at 7pm. I enjoy sushi once in a while so I decided to give it a try.1. Atmosphere 10/10 the place looked awesome, used traditional Japanese plates, and was so clean you could eat off the floor.2. Service 10/10 they waited on me like I was royalty.3. Food Quality 10/10 the sushi was absolutely delicious. Some of the best Ive ever eaten. It tasted like it was fished out of the ocean yesterday thats how fresh it was.My only issue was the cost. They dont have ALL YOU CAN EAT so prepare to spend $$$. But its well worth it.
