3	Even though my eyes had to adjust, this place was very dark in the middle of the day, as if blaring music and strobe lights could come on at any second. The lobby was huge, with some stools in the back and seating along the wall. On one end of the room was a stage, just big enough for a DJ, and a sturdy stripper pole right in the middle.But Exit 7 isn't a gentleman's club, it's a dive bar...isn't it?There were some couches in the back, but they weren't in the best condition. So we sat up at the bar and ordered a couple of Blue Moons. $3.50 during happy hour, with $2.50 for other stuff like Bud Light Lime. They even had Dos Equis lager on tap, so I'm sold on the draft selection easily.The bartender was a funny guy. He admittedly didn't drink beer, and wasn't the best at serving it (PROTIP: less foam), but he was pretty excited to work with liquor. He boasted about his Bloody Mary, which he makes with Three Olives Tomato vodka like the good lord intended. Crafty.I only came here because my usual dive Sammy's was under maintenance. It wasn't a disappointing change of pace by any means. I'll be back on a Friday or Saturday night someday to report on what debauchery may or may not being going down here. Until then, go get some import/microbrews on tap at domestic draft prices. Thank me later.
3	My boyfriend and I have been to this bar quite a few times in recent weeks due to Sammy's being closed for maintenance. The owner was pleasant and seemed very involved in the club she runs. They have two nice pool tables in the rear of the club. Also in the back is a lounge-like area with a screen that appears to be for some sort of dancing game. On weekend nights they have a DJ that I personally thought was slightly obnoxious. Upon entering the club you will find a dance area complete with stripper pole. The bartenders are extremely friendly and poor strong drinks.
3	The place looks better then what it did before. The new owners are trying hard to change their image. The  owners are getting involved with their customers. Bartenders are very nice and they can pour a drinks they are not water down what so ever. But the DJ could have a better attitude . Great job wish a better success but you need to talk to your DJ . Your Dj can help you or break you .
5	Been going here for a couple years now. On and off..its a great little place with a DJ.. Very chill. And since it is under new management even better.. I love having somewhere to go dance and not have to worry about some stuck up snottsdale girls judging.. Good job new manager for cleaning the place up..mb
2	Finally made that trip on a Saturday night. It was disappointing! When I heard the music blaring, and saw security at the door, I was getting a little hyped. I was patted down! I hate that, not because it is uncomfortable, but because it tells me that this establishment serves thugs, and is ready for trouble. At least they weren't dicks about it.So I walk in, and what do I see? Two girls dancing, surrounded by a bunch of bald guys with neck tats. It was weak. The entire seating area in the back was empty, no one was even playing billiards. Meanwhile, security was pacing around with angry faces and earpieces, as if they actually had shit to deal with.I stayed long enough to finish my Jack and coke, and I bounced out. "Where are you going???", the bartender called out, sounding disappointed. "Sammy's". Don't get me wrong, I don't hate Exit 7. Their staff is nice, and the interior is awesome compared to most dives. There is just a lot of potential I don't think they're using. I hope it becomes a more happening place, or they won't last long!
