5	Have to hand it to Charlotte Oktoberfest. Such a great collection of breweries from all around. Colorado, Virginia, NC, SC, and tons of home brewers. Having it at metrolina makes for quite the muddy experience, so wear shoes and expect to get really dirty. Such a blast with all of the other attendees, though. Everyone is stoked for the beers and food. It sells out every year, so grab your tickets in advance. Can't wait for next year!
4	Another good beer festival put together by the Carolina Brewmasters home brew club. Breweries were represented from all over the country, with an emphasis on regional and local breweries as well. There was also a home brew tent with people pouring from all of the NC & SC home brew clubs. The place was packed and some of the lines were long, but all in all I would say that that it was well organized. Unfortunately, the weather did not fully cooperate with light sprinkling during most of the event, and periods of heavier rain here and there. All of the rain turned most of the place into a mud bog. In true beer geek fashion, the festival goers did not let this get them down, most people were still enjoying their beers and the company of their fellow beer lovers. Several people took advantage of the muddy mess to unleash their inner child and run and slide in the muck slip & slide style, a few of the guys decided to partake in a little good natured mud wrestling. I only saw one instance of tempers flaring, but fortunately it didn't escalate past words. There were several police officers around keeping an eye on the crowds and making sure that things didn't get out of hand.Highlights: The home brew tent was a home run for me, lots of interesting, tasty beersLow Points: The weatherAll in all this was a well run, fun festival and I am looking forward to next year.
5	Even the rain could not kill this event. What a plethora of beer from breweries, bars, and home brewers. I am so glad I got tickets a head of time before they sold out. I will be there next year for sure.
4	This was a pretty good event with a big crowd.  It was all about the beer!  And not to mention having cool pretzel necklaces.  Those things were a hit I tell ya.  Even when it was raining, people were still having fun at the event.  Sure, it got a little muddy, but who cares!  All in all, good event.
4	For the past several years, I have always had conflicting plans on the date of Charlotte Oktoberfest. Finally, I was able to make it this year.  Thankfully, the owners of grapevine in Fort Mill run buses up there which is super convenient and well worth the $20 round trip ticket.  Charlotte Oktoberfest is not a true Oktoberfest in the German sense.  Most of the beer is American craft and microbrews, there is little German food to be found, and the music is not German.  It is a beer festival much more than an Oktoberfest, but it is a large and good beer festival.The weather was iffy at times but not terrible.  They used to use some of the indoor buildings but I was told that led to too much broken glass.  Still, other beer festivals have used the sturdy plastic sample vessels with few complaints so that's an option.  Most importantly, there was a lot of good beer to be sampled, including a plethora of home brewers.  If you're a beer snob it's a great event, but do not expect a traditional German Oktoberfest.
5	Best Beer Fest in the Southeast. Need I say more. Best selection of homebrews anywhere.
4	This was my first ever Oktoberfest and I have to be honest I thought I wasn't going to enjoy it but I was surprised.  Typically at these things you arrive only to find hoards of people and that makes it very difficult to survive the lines for such small pours of beer.  This event was different.  There were several tents with small lines and the pours were quick and steady.  The homebrew tents is the place to be as they are the most creative and you are sure to find something you like there for sure.Parking is tough here and honeslty with that much drinking going on it's best to cab it.
5	For the last two years the Charlotte Oktoberfest has been held in the parking lot of the NC Music Factory.  While not as conducive to drinking as the the Metrolina or Memorial Stadium, it's still a decent venue.  The gravel is difficult to traverse after a few beers, but it is still a wide open space.  It was very well laid out this year with everything being in a different section.  I tried a lot of new beers.  The only thing I would say is the bring in more food trucks.  Four or five is not enough for 6000 people.  Other than that, this was another great event and as always, all profits get donated to charity.
3	This was my first time attending Charlotte's Oktoberfest and I was overall very pleased with the event and my experience. I bought the general admission ticket and arrived a little after 2:30 to avoid the massive lines. We were handed a tasting glass and event guide as we entered. The event guide was very comprehensive, but oddly the quick reference list in the beginning was not sorted alphabetically, which would have made it easier to find what we were looking for. I appreciate that they sent the event guide in email version ahead of time because it allowed you to familiarize yourself with the breweries before you arrived. With that being said, once you arrive it is difficult to find your way around the tents. You can see signs of the name of brewery and tent number, but other than that not much else. Since it is a large area directory signs would be helpful. For example, food trucks this way, first aid that way, promotional vendors this way, and so on (I really wanted to find the Yelp tent to say hi to the bestest, Nikki, but couldn't find it). We just followed the tents around the outer areas and worked our way around. We did hit cider beer alley and it would have been helpful to have this area labeled more clearly because it took us a minute to figure out that we wanted to skip this area (just not my thing, unless it is kegs and eggs time). I know that the time frame of the event is tight because there is only so much beer you can pass out before things get out of hand, but surprisingly four hours is a tight time frame to get around to all the breweries. If you have the extra money to spend, go for the VIP ticket because the extra time and shorter lines would certainly be worth it. It would have been nice to heave extra time to enjoy some of the non-alcoholic vendors/promoters, food and live music. Maybe you were allowed to stay after the 6pm end time? I am not sure. There were a couple of engagement type activities around the event, but they seemed to be an afterthought. For example, an autograph selfie station where people were autographing a big sign, but I am not sure what it had to do with selfies. There was a station where people were painting a big wall...again, no idea why. There was an instagram frame with the event hashtag, but no one manning it and no one managed the hashtag and responded to tweets or postings.  All in all, it was an enjoyable event to attend and still some room to grow and perfect it.
5	My goal was to try every pumpkin beer. I soon realized that was impossible due to the fact there were way too many of them.I have to echo Brian F on this... I think the footprint is laid out pretty well. It's a good sized space for an event of this size. My advice: if you have the money I recommend splurging for the VIP ticket. I think it's worth it... especially if you have a set list of beers you want to try. Wicked Weed had a steady line even before general admission was admitted.Also, eat before you come. Don't get me wrong... I think the food trucks are great. I am not knocking them in any way. However, you spent money to sample #allofthebeers and you have a lot of ground to cover.It's a drinking event. Please don't drink and drive. Call Uber or a cab. Need another reason? Parking is limited because of the event footprint. And ladies, leave your heels at home. It's a gravel parking lot. I saw too many wasted girls eat ground.Leaving: traffic is kind of a mess at the end. I recommend hitting VBGB or Small Bar and waiting for it to clear up a bit.Ass Clown was again a standout for me. I am a huge fan of their habanero. That was the only tent I hit multiple times because i wanted to try several of their brews. I hope everyone had a chance to see Jonathan and Brittany at the Yelp tent. Spoiler alert: it was the fun tent. Make sure you swing by next year to make a pretzel necklace.
5	Another fantastic festival. Over 90 breweries showed up pouring over 400 different beers. The weather was perfect, and the food trucks work great. $75,000 was presented in donations to the three various charities. Save the date for next year October 3, 2015.
5	What can be said about this event other than that it is the elite beer event in the South East? Over 90 breweries participated pouring 400+ beers, plus all the bottle shops pouring their own beers. Add in the home brew tent, and I would see a number higher than my feeble mind would be able to count to. Beer festivals have their own great place in modern culture, but what really sets this event apart is the fact that the proceeds of this event go to area Charlotte Charities. It's not some corporate juggernaut hopping from town to town trying to capitalize on a local culture's appreciation for beer. Oktoberfest IS Charlotte's local beer culture and they selflessly do it all for the advancement of the art and science of craft beer, and to give back to our community. No other beer event can claim such accolades. I am so proud of the Carolina BrewMasters, and the army of people who work countless hours to put this beer event on, all in the name of charity.
5	We have been going to Charlotte Oktobefest for years (since it was in the CPCC outdoor stadium). We love it! Here are a few solid reasons:1. My biggest reason: to my knowledge, this is the only Oktoberfest/beer festival in Charlotte that we can try beer from home brewers and talk to the brewers. It is a really fun experience and definitely the best part of the entire event. They are  a crafty bunch who take risks. RISK IS THE WHOLE POINT OF SOMETHING LIKE A BEER FESTIVAL. You want to try things you normally wouldn't.2. LOTS of craft brews from all over the area. A huge selection of variety (including incredible ciders)3. They give $75,000 to local charities. $75,000 PEOPLE. Who else does that? Really. That makes my bleeding heart happy.4. They are now located at MC Music factory. I was bummed when they were far away at that painfully ugly and far expo place. We go to this event every year and I highly recommend it.
5	I am anxiously awaiting next year's festival already, I just attended my 7th Oktoberfest and it never dissapoints. It is 200+ beers on tap and then some in cans and bottles,there is also Cider, Wine and this year they added Rum. The variety are astonishing, and everyone is generally well behaved and pleasant in spite of all the High Gravity beer drank by those amateurs. He He!It's the most Bang for your buck you will get drinking beer:  it's outdoors, there's bands playing live music, thousands of happy beer drinkers/brewmasters, food trucks, giveaways, and not to mention Beer Tours to educate the public. All for charities in our area, usually 3 of them!
5	Attended this year.  When we first walked up and there was an insanely long line I was expecting to have at least an hour of the festival ruined by waiting...we arrived 20 minutes early...we were drinking at 2pm on the dot.  Tons of beers to try...awesome North Carolina breweries!!! We hardly waited in line for anything - a delish beer in our hands at all times - food trucks were ok - the pulled pork, bacon and Gouda grilled cheese was decent (while drinking).  We will definitely be back next year if they have it in the same great location!!!
5	I was a bit skeptical about the event at first as I had many unanswered questions. The website for the event seemed a bit vague and there was no phone number to call. Tickets were $45 dollars but it was definitely worth the money.I will def be back next year! It's the ultimate party for adults. Beer, Food, Music!!
5	Charlotte Oktoberfest was fantastic. I love beer. I love nice weather. The combination of the two made this event kick butt.I WISH I could have gotten to every tent, but every brewer I did go to was pleasant to interact with. There were hardly any lines since there were so many brewers there, which made the event that much more enjoyable. Honestly, the longest lines were at the food trucks!I absolutely LOVED what my friends and I dubbed "Cider Alley." A WHOLE LINEUP OF ONLY HARD CIDER. Usually you get one or two cider places at a beer festival, but this festival KILLED IT with the cider! I will definitely be attending again next year!
5	If you haven't gone, just go to go! If you have gone, then you already know. I'll just do quick hits, since it changes from year to year, but these are key points- Even though it looks crowded on the outside, its big and spread out  once inside- if you move around, you never have to wait long to get a beer- you get bigger samples than you think- bring pretzel/pizza necklaces- good amount of restrooms (men use the "men's room" to the rightside of the front wall, speeds up the process for everyone.- get on a beer tour, learn about what your are drink and talk to the people making it.- go to the homebrew tent, these people are passionate about it.- taste something outside your comfort zone, this when you should do it.- IF you are UBERing beware, so is everyone else at the sametime, so they'll be over loaded.Go be merry and drink beer
