4	First impression, this place rocks!! It's in the space that used to house Palette.. the space has a very "breezy" sort of Caribbean plantation feel that's easy to relax right into.. not to mention the moment you walk through the gate you're greeted by friendly smiling faces. LB has a massive outdoor patio complete with tables, well appointed outdoor sofas and chairs where you can leisurely sip a cocktail or beer. While their grand opening isn't truly until Tuesday (12th of May) they seem to be ironing out their kinks pretty quickly with only a few minor hiccups mostly due to computer errors rather than human. The menu is made up mostly of burgers, salads, lahvosh pizzas and a few entrees. We ordered a few starters, the LB Favorite (bacon and roasted corn lahvosh pizza, half $9) as well as the Queen Creek Olive Oil (kalamata, tomato, fresh basil and feta lahvosh, half $9). You know you can put bacon on just about anything and have it taste awesome but paired with the right flavors the good becomes great! The sweetness of the roasted corn with the savory saltiness of the bacon sent me into piggy heaven! Was so good I didn't want to share but alas, I'm a good guy like that. The Queen Creek Olive Oil lahvosh was very tasty, the lahvosh being crispy and light but sturdy enough to hold the ample toppings. I love olives and olive oil paired with cheese and the feta was a great idea. The cheese being strong enough to stand up to the kalamata, the tastes were right on.Meanwhile we were all sipping on Nimbus Brown Ale ($4) which was ice cold, rich and complex. Nimbus is certainly one of my favorite craft beers and at 4 bucks, nice! LB also has a full bar and while cocktails around 8 bucks they pours are generous. We didn't have wine service but the manager Eric used to be the sommelier at The Grill at TPC back in the day when it was one of the best steak houses in town. He knows his wine so I look forward to next time when I can enjoy a glass or 6. I ordered the Fire Island ($10) which is one of several classic Pischke dishes on the menu that made it over from the old days. Oh yes, the owner Sid Campbell was a cook at Pischke's Paradise for over 12 years before it was ruined by new owners. The Fire Island is a pizza with chicken breast, red onion, green chilies and a cream cheese sauce that is absolutely finger licking tasty! Be sure to ask them to add 2 over easy eggs on the top, outrageous! The Mr ordered the Roasted Green Chile Cheeseburger ($10) which is served on MJ's Breads giant English muffin. The beefy flavor combined with the soft texture of the English muffin was excellent, you can taste the quality and the smokiness of the green chile. An order of house fries comes with the burgers and sandwiches and let me just say, they were seasoned so well that you could have chowed them down plain. However, the bread and butter pickle ketchup is simply amazing with its dice of bread and butter pickles, never knew ketchup could be elevated to another experience! First impressions last nearly forever and this one was great! I think LB has a bright future in front of them. This will be a great place to hang out on the patio after work with friends, drinks and cool conversation. Excellent addition to the neighborhood.
4	To be completely fair, Local Breeze really isn't open yet. Well, sorta. They're officially open on Monday, but they opened the doors to us kind neighborhood folks last night in test run, and I must say, the results were surprisingly smooth. Yes, they have a liquor license. Yes, the food is just as good as the fare at Pischke's. Yes, it still is the old Cavness House, just less cluttered and slightly more Bahamian. All of these things make this place good. Sure, they have a lot of kinks to work out, but they're on the right track.First things first: They seem to give a heavy pour on the liquor, but are quite stingy about their wines. Perhaps those that follow me should recommend a heavier hand on the vino. Second, the food is quality stuff. Think Pischke's, but updated. I had the Olive Lavosh with fresh tomatoes, olives and Queen Creek Olive Oil. Their appetizer menu is chock full of the lavoshes, and they don't disappoint. Then I followed it up with the Fire Island, a Pischke's classic, and it is still at the top of its game. Get it with a poached egg on top to mix with the peppery chicken, creamy sauce and veggies. This one packs a good punch spicewise, so be aware.Also be aware that those this is the old Cavness House, built in 1914, and we're in downtown Phoenix, it kind of seems like Key West when you walk inside. Gone are the days of the cluttered antiques and strange pieces of junk that filled Palatte. The inside is airy, clean and very simplistic. They may have knocked down a wall or two... I can't really tell. Thankfully, they left the bathrooms completely intact -- the stall in the men's room still looks like a rusted out side of a steam engine. Well done.Things that weren't so good: They service was understandably a bit lacking. But damn, they need to photocopy more than one "unofficial" wine list for the evening. Our waiter had to continually return to claim it, only to bring it back later with someone else's grubby prints all over it. Most of the wait staff hadn't tried half of the menu items, which is sort of ridiculous, but hopefully that will change quickly. I also feel like the outside patio area lost a bit of its flair from the Palatte days. It's all stucco-y and less ancient. Perhaps it fits in with the loose island theme.I'd definitely recommend everyone checks this place out, but give it a few weeks to work out the kinks. The outside area is still great for brunch and dinners after the sun sets. I'm hoping they really do integrate the live music thing that Palatte kind of hinted at. It'd be nice to use that courtyard effectively.
3	Unfortunately this place will, for the foreseeable future, be compared to Palette (the former occupant of this space). So I will start with the decor, and as expected, Palette took all the character with them leaving Local Breeze with a hollowed out core. Equally gone are the hip and beautiful staff. The way cool bathroom and outdoor patio dinning remain.As for the food. Good! I had the Firecracker Shrimp and a hamburger ... both were good. The fries weren't bad either.  Beer prices at  $4 seems fair.I just don't know what to make of this place. I will update once I go back (and try the steak).
3	It's really hard not to compare this to Palette. I liked this place because it gave me a place to go and pretend I was at Palette. I wonder if they know about the big shoes they have to fill?Overall, the brunch experience was very nice. Killer bananas-foster French toast, and I also had an egg-white omelet (I can't remember what it was called, but it was the one with shrimp and a green-chile cream sauce). It was certainly tasty, but very heavy, and lacked a certain refinement that Palette nailed. The service was great, which had been my only complaint about Palette (whose service was slow, inattentive, and once they dropped food all over my friend and didn't even apologize). Local Breeze seems to be going for a Hawaiian theme, I think? They seem a little confused about their identity.I will go again, but I will always miss Palette, and unfortunately for the folks at Local Breeze, the building will be a constant reminder, like looking into the face of the twin of a long-lost lover who jilted you for your best friend.
3	Did they change the restrooms???  WHY?!!!I don't know if I can visit after hearing that.  Those things were art.  ART.Alas, I'm sure some day I'll wander down and check out the food.  Photos make it look delicious and interesting... so glad to to see we're keeping the restaurant biz rolling downtown.
3	One of the reviewers said this owner wants to run a restaurant - I completely agree.  That has good sides and bad of course in short it isn't Palette  ... We stopped in for brunch last Sunday - the French Toast is Challah [which I love] restaurant-baked I think - and seemingly not fully baked - the center was dough.  The scrambled eggs were adequate - the restaurant-made salsa verde was excellent; the Schreiners sausage as expected.  That was all we had - quality not a compelling reason to return ... until the service is factored in - crisp timely and friendly.  I'll be back to try dinner.
2	I was underwhelmed.  I went for lunch with a friend an sat on the patio. While some of the bohemian 'charm' of Palette was definitely gone, the shaded patio is still a comfortable, welcoming space, even on a 95 degree day. (and perhaps more so, with some of the 'clutter' gone.)What got to me was the slow and somewhat rude service.  Despite several empty tables, we waited well over 30 minutes for our food, after waiting at least 10 minutes for our order to be taken.  When we asked after our food, we were abruptly told it was coming, only to wait another 10 minutes.  This is unacceptable for a weekday lunch when you have to get back to work.When the food finally arrived, I was disappointed.  I had the Cola Ham Sandwich and fries.  The sandwich was mediocre and the fries were tepid and greasy.  My colleague had the salad which he seemed to enjoy (although not enough to warrant any comments)I understand everybody has off days, etc, , so I'll be back, especially to check out the brunch.   It is great to have a locally owned non-corporate restaurant in an historic house with a great patio in downtown Phoenix, so I have high hopes my experience next time will match some of the better reviews on this site.
5	Y'ALL know i don't give out 5 stars often if ever so when I tell you I dig this palce It's all I can do to drop by everyday for a french fry fix. DA BEST!!! chili lime YUMMMMMMMMMY and I just tried the Lavosh w/ bacon OMG Fab. I always get the CC Ham and love it each time.  I think the portions are getting bigger.  Good for me.  love it love it love itJust one more thing............ I miss the Palatte sweet potato pancakes anyone know if they are reopening someone else? ps boycotting over easy terrible place  Yelp to come on thatThanks Local Breeze you renew my faith in ham sandwiches
4	First trip to the new Pischke's spinoff was solid.  For those of you who never had the privilege of visiting the original Scottsdale Pischke's when it was quality, it was a place with a beachy feel in Old Town Scottsdale that served unique sandwiches, salads and lahvosh "pizzas" all day long.  They served light fare before it was hip.  It was good stuff.So drop your waah waahs about Palatte being gone (yes, I cried too) and be glad that someone's trying something old and new in that beautiful space.We got the tons-of-shrimp and pesto lahvosh, which was luxurious and brought back memories.  My Atomic Burger, with horseradish, was zingy and delicious, on a decent bun.  Fries were great, chile-lime spiced.  We also ordered the Fernando's Chicken sandwich, a tangle of wine, chicken, jack, tomatoes and pepperoncinis.  Not as awesome as the burger, but good--I think the bread overwhelmed the fillins.Service was friendly, food was piping hot.  Atmosphere was fine, could probably use a little more character somehow but I don't know what that'd be.  We'll definitely go back to try the salads, sandwiches, fish tacos, and a different lahvosh.
4	Like everyone else, I went in with the pre-disposition of disappointment compared to Palette (I'm still sad I never got to try their breakfast), and while Local Breeze has lost some of the charm of the former restaurant, it's nice to see another unique independent take this space. And I must say, the food is pretty good. The LB Paradise Toss salad burst with the flavors of spiced chicken, mango, red peppers, and cilantro and came with a light, refreshing lime vinaigrette...the perfect salad for a hot summer day. The Coca-Cola ham sandwich was really flavorful too, although the toasted bread was a little too well done. For dessert, our server recommended the key lime pie, only to come back and inform us they were out. However, I can't imagine it being much better than their rum cake...you get quite a hefty portion for $5. Service is decent - our server had to check with the kitchen when asked what kind of lettuce our salad came with - but the people are friendly, and the cookies they bring with the check are a thoughtful touch. So I guess I'll stop dwelling on the Palette past and embrace the future with Local Breeze.
4	Took my girl to @localbreeze for her birthday last night (not that it's a celebration-type restaurant, more that it's a quaint downtown spot without a wait and decent outdoor seating). It was our second time there and we had a great time.They're pretty light on vegetarian faire :(, but I enjoyed the hummus and lavash (minus the bacon). They make a decent margarita too. Our guests enjoyed the spicy shrimp appetizer. A peach-flavored, creamy cocktail was delivered to our table by the bartender(?) along with an apology (apparently many order it and expect something else), but the drinker said it was great. The outdoor seating is very casual and southern-feeling; misters were appreciated.
3	I wish I could LOVE Local Breeze; like several other reviewers, I was a Palatte regular.  Oh sigh, I soooo miss my Sunday brunches at Palatte.   Been to LB twice at lunchtime, and I've tried Sunday brunch at Local Breeze twice now.   Major disappointment is: food is too big and too expensive and too rich.   I think my server today might have been first day on the job so I won't gripe too much but, I'd like some fresh squeezed orange juice.  "Okay." .... Back to the table:  "We have fresh squeezed orange juice, but we didn't squeeze it, is that okay?"   Huh?   So it's not from concentrate, is that right?   Right.   Next: I'd like a cup of hot tea.   (I don't drink coffee, just tea.)   "Sorry, we don't have hot tea, only iced tea."   Hmm.   How difficult to bring out a teabag with a cup of hot water?No oatmeal.  (I loved the oatmeal at Palatte.)So I've had the french toast which was ABSURDLY huge.   It was fine, but, soooo big.  I could only eat about 25% of my serving.   The waitress informed me at the end of the meal that I could have ordered a "half" order.   Oh, that would have been nice to know ahead of time; it's not on the menu, you have to ask.    Still got charged for the full order of course. Next I had a shrimp omlette.  It was quite good, but again - 4 eggs - HUGE.  And $12.   The shrimp were in an interesting sauce - flavorful, like a bearnaise perhaps- very, very rich.  Came with huge piece of toast (no butter) and some pretty good rosemary potatoes -  yummy because they were pretty greasy/oniony probably not good for you though. I'll be back, I'll keep trying.   It's okay, and the atmosphere and location is still marvelous.  I really hope this place succeeds but I'm not wowed so far.    Next time I think we'll split our meals.   I miss Palatte.
3	Since this place is conveniently within close walking distance I go there often for drinks and appetizers.  Truthfully it was beginning to loose my interest.  The food is good but I wouldn't say great plus it is a bit on the spendy side.  Fortunately the staff has always been very courteous and quick so I can't complain.  Well I went to brunch for the first time this weekend and was completely satisfied.  Yes it is expensive and I am sure I could find a cheaper option but I will pay the price if it is worth it.  I had the Cholla Bay omelet and wow was I surprised.  First, it is a very large omelet (4 eggs) and it is filled with some of the best tasting shrimp.  It is a very rich dish as it is cooked in a creamy cheese sauce so as always if you are looking to be healthy don't get this one!  But who doesn't love a filling meal and some adult beverages on a chill Sunday morning after a night out at the bar?!  I suggest their Sangria, delicious and refreshing.  I think this place is most accommodating for large groups and I can't wait for the weather to be perfect enough to enjoy their fantastic patio.
4	Local Breeze Patio Cafe is one of the coolest restaurants you'll ever visit in downtown Phoenix!  The wife and I literally stumbled into Local Breeze, 606 N. 4th Ave., Phoenix (on the corner of 4th Avenue and Fillmore Street), several days ago and felt like we found a little gold mine. Local Breeze opened in May 2009 and is quartered in a restored, historic home that was built in 1914. Even though the home was built almost 100 years ago, it has a modern, unique feel to it. Sorry, I never heard of Palatte!In the patio area which is expansive, I felt like I was thrust into a little piece of the Caribbean in the desert. There was a large lattice patio cover, trees, string lights, fans, candles and comfortable outdoor furniture everywhere. The outdoor patio is perfect for having a drink with close friends - especially at night. In fact, I think I want to have my next PhxSoul.com happy hour there! The interior is compact but interesting. It felt like I walked into an art gallery - paintings and other viewables adorned the walls and the soft lighting gave the place a homey feel. The men's bathroom was a trip! There was bottle sticking out of the wall (on purpose) and some funky wallpaper. The stall looked like an old, rusted trash bin but it was real cool! Almost made me want to ... errr uhhh ... never mind! The best part about the place was the customer service! Our host Melody was probably the most welcoming host I've had at any restaurant! She really took pride in her job and the restaurant itself. I enjoyed talking with her - kind of felt I like I was talking to an old friend. I also had an opportunity to talk with the owner Sid Campbell - he was very gracious! I love restaurants with that mom-and-pop feel! As for the food and cocktails, wifey started off with a "Low Tide" Pina Colada and I had the LB Signature "Mojito" Lemonade. My bebida went down smoothly - not too strong, not watered-down. Wifey enjoyed her drink too. I ordered the Cajun Chicken Fettucine and my wife had the Fire Island pizza. Man, they served up some healthy portions! Unless you are REALLY hungry, you're probably going to be asking for a to-go box. My dish was tasty - didn't need to put any salt or pepper on it. I was glad that it wasn't too spicy. My wife said her meal was very good - the cheesy was gooey and the dough was filling. I wouldn't say that we were "blown away" by our entrees but we'll be back to sample other items on the menu. I have to admit that my bill was higher than I expected it to be but you'll always take a hit when you order cocktails at dinner. I'd definitely recommend this spot for anyone who's lookin' for a chill dining experience in downtown Phoenix.
4	I really tried hard to go to Local Breeze with out thinking of Palette, but failed miserable and resolved that there will never be another Palette. But at least I can now review local breeze knowing that I can separate LB from Palette. That being said:I actually got about what I expected from LB. I ordered the Cajun Chicken Lavosh, which was tasty and very large, even for a half. My server happened to be the baker as well and she did a very nice job despite telling me that everything was good, when I asked for a recommendation. The atmosphere was nice, although I can't really approve of there sub par music mix (honestly, Rod Stewart?). The crown on this occasion and probably the main reason I am giving them a 4 our of 5 was for the Key Lime Pie... which is really a lime meringue type thing. Whatever it was, I will dream about it tonight. I plan on going back and trying the hummus.And the Bathroom is awesome too!
5	great service, great food, and great outdoor seating made for a wonderful first time experience at this charming little restaurant.you would think that sitting outside eating in the middle of august summertime in phoenix would be practically unbearable. local breeze made it tolerable and i don't think my overly-sweaty ass ever felt uncomfortable once during the whole dining experience. they had fans, a swamp cooler, and misters going and it made for a comfortable and charming outdoor dining venture.we started off with the greek lavosh which was to die for. the cheese they melted on top of it will make any cheese lover weak in the knees. their mojiot lemonade was crisp and refreshing. ok selection of beers, certainly not the greatest but i picked out a favorite, kiltlifter, to go with my coca-cola ham sandwich. my girlfirned (Rachel O.) went with the atomic burger as we are both fans of spicy food and this burger comes topped with horseradish. it even made her face scrunch up and me quiver in my seat the moment it hit my tongue and you better believe i enjoyed every second of it. the coca cola ham was HUGE and both of us only managed to eat half of it. leftovers are always good.service was spot on, and i enjoyed the decor and atmosphere despite what many people have complained about before. get over it, it's no longer pallete, move on, and enjoy the local breeze.
5	I've been there 4 times now, always excellent. Friendly staff, cool aura, lots of character. Food is consistently very good. With cool weather, would make a great place for after work gatherings.
5	I met a couple friends for drinks and appetizers and WOW, the food was amazing!  Very friendly staff, love the managers!  Atmosphere was perfect.  You must try the Greek Olive Lahvosh...the half order is huge!  Three of us shared it.  The Firecracker Shrimp is also a must try...I expected it to be spicy, but it was not and the flavors...well, it's just too good for words.Can't wait to visit again!
4	Went here for lunch. It's located in an old house, so it's a very cute/cozy setting. It was too hot for the patio, but on cooler days, I bet that's the best place to sit. We had the coca cola ham sandwich, which I thought was too sweet and couldn't eat much of. The lavosh on the other hand was super good. I'd definitely go back.
3	I hate the heat. HATE. Yet I am doomed to reside in this heat haven so when my best friend raved about a place where you can sit outside in Arizona and not feel the heat I had to check it out. By the time I ventured downtown to glance at this place Phoenix was experiencing a cool down so the patio was very comfortable without the fans and misters. Our waitress was great and even chatted about our night and my favorite bar, SideBar. We got the L.B. favorite lavosh and I okayed the bacon even though it didn't sound too appetizing. It wasn't. I ordered some chicken sandwich that was on a french roll. The salad on the side was better than the sandwich. My friend ordered the classic turkey which was large but average. BUT I think ordering the classic sandwich was a boring mistake of its own. The fries that came with the turkey were greasy and when I ordered a amber ale and some guy brought a pale ale. I like pale ale so it wasn't too bad but it made me yearn for the amber. Yes, or course I ordered the amber next.The waitress told us that the island bar was opening the next day but there were still ladders and paint cans lying around. I failed to notice until my friend mentioned it. The only really cool thing about this place is that it is in a historic building with strange bathrooms. Other than that I would skip it.
4	Absolutely loved the atmosphere  - my party sat outdoors on super comfy chairs and couches and enjoyed the weather.  When I went indoors to use the restroom, I was so impressed with the interior - it was cozy with hardwood floors and candlelight.  The food was original and the portions were extremely generous.  I used a restaurant.com gift certificate, and they were more than happy to honor it.  The wait staff and management were really nice and you could tell that they really care about making this restaurant work.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
4	I've only had one dish there, the #3 breakfast which had a yummy mixture of potatos, peppers, egg and toast. It was great and a large portion. The toast was especially great. I ended up bringing the rest home for dinner too. The waitress I had last time was a probably new to waitressing because she kept forgetting things, but the food more than made up for it. Going there again this weekend, maybe Ill try something new! The place is cute and very comfortable. You really can sit outside with all the umbrellas and shaded spaces.
4	we went here for brunch on sunday.  we got the PB&J french toast and the eggs benedict.the french toast was exactly what you would expect - large pieces of challah topped with peanut butter and dolloped with jelly.  very tasty, especially if you're a fan of the childhood classic.the real star (and my meal) was the eggs benedict.  it was bread made fresh daily, 8oz filet mignon, and 2 eggs over easy with a bearnaise sauce.  i got the sauce on the side, and was glad i did.  i think if it had been on top it would have been overwhelming.overall, it was very very good.  we'll be back for brunch sometime soon!
4	We tried to grab breakfast at Matt's, but the wait was too long so we headed over to LB and really enjoyed our breakfasts. I'm not really sure why they're open for breakfast during the week as there were only a few people there, but the food was really good.I got the third plate, which was over easy eggs served over potatoes, onions, peppers, with gouda cheese. It was more food than it needed to be, but the combination worked really well and the potatoes were spiced nicely. My girlfriend got the challah french toast, which was also good - really thick slice of challah. I was scared away from the egg pizzas that other people have complained about but our meals were great. Coffee could have been hotter, but it tasted good.The service was solid and the setting itself is a nice, relaxed outdoor area that makes me want to go back and have drinks there soon.
4	The best thing you can ever do for a restaurant you like is to bring others to it. That's how I got to Local Breeze in the first place, and that's what I do now for my friends. A such, I've tried several different items.Their cheeseburger is fantastic. Great lavosh combos. Just had a three-variety hummus with pita bread and olives that was really fantastic. 4 people served well off the hummus plate.The drink menu is wonderful, bartender Preston's spin on a lemonade based mojito is really tasty. I've seen the inside and it's very nice, but that's not why I come here.It's the fantastic outdoor dining/patio/bar that floats my boat.This is a great place to have a conversation, an informal biz meeting,a group discussion. Tell your neighborhood association that you've found a great mellow place to have your next subcommittee meeting. You don't have to tell the other members how nice it is, just say you worked hard for them!The staff is great and attentive, it's on the list of what Ilike about living near downtown Phoenix.Cheers!
5	I was really pleased with my entire experience here...with the exception of the name of the restaurant.  The name is too "brown bag," too generic for this little gem in the middle of the city.It is quaint but not so quaint that those with testosterone would not see its great qualities!  The atmosphere was ideal: old bungalow home, great patio--very large--with shade for the heat of day and heaters for the cool of night.  The food was excellent, VERY reasonably priced, and the service was outstanding!We happened upon this restaurant by accident so were really glad to see that they serve brunch until 3PM.  And we were so impressed with brunch that we will return for lunch and dinner.
2	The first few times I went there it was ok, good portions and decent service. I usually order the #3 ( have had it 3 times already) So I decided to bring a big group of friends to eat there to share in its awesomenss. Big mistake. Service was poor. The waitress never came to check on us after giving us our food and they completely screwed up my order. I even called ahead of time to make sure they could cook the #3 plate, they said yes. When it came out it was 1/3 the size it usually was, and didn't have any of the peppers or bacon that it's supposed to come with. It was literally a few pieces of potatos with 2 eggs on top for $9. Everyone else was not really impressed either.
4	Once again, I found myself mildly ill and in search of food.  Specifically: food to clear out the stuffiness in my head.  While Local Breeze is quite likely good for much more, I was very appreciative of their Atomic Burger that night.I met my brother for a bite to eat before a show at The Lost Leaf.  As soon as we walked up and saw the beautiful patio area, I knew this was going to be a winner.  The fenced in patio extends around two sides of the restaurant.  It looks spacious enough to accommodate quite an outdoor crowd very comfortably.  Inside, the place is dimly lit and feels comfortable as soon as you walk in.  The separated rooms space people out well and none of them felt cramped.  Once we were seated, our charming waitress came over and was very helpful in selecting a beer.  We ordered shortly after and the aptly named and horseradish covered Atomic Burger followed soon after.Now, I might have more of a recollection of the taste of the burger had my sinuses not been in the process of being cauterized.  That being said, I do recall a very flavorful and well-constructed burger.  Sandwich making seems to be a fading art, but I feel confident that the cooks at Local Breeze have got it down.  The buns, which resembled hefty English muffins, were well suited to hold the sizable burger together.As a side note: I think the bathrooms are some of the coolest I've seen.  I can't really describe it, so you'll just have to go see it for yourself.I'm certainly going to go back once I can taste food fully again.  It had enough promise that it merits a return visit.  I only wish that it was a bit warmer and I could enjoy their wonderful patio.  I guess I'll just have to return yet again in the warmer seasons...
4	The food here is good but the reason I keep returning is that it's the best place to be when you want to be in San Diego but are stuck in Phoenix.  The patio is incredibly relaxed and the outside bar is a wonderful place to unwind any day of the week.
4	Now that I've had a chance to try a few different items, I feel like I have a sense of this place. The food is fresh and tasty, The fish tacos are made with marinated talapia and served with a huge mound on fresh cabbage, pico and tomatoes. They're on the starter menu but the three tacos are a prefect lunch item as well. I'm also a fan of the seared ahi sandwich and usually get it with the fries and some extra lime vinaigrette on the side for dipping the sandwich. The chopped salad is this fantastic "kitchen sink" of fresh veggies and pieces of their applewood smoked bacon ... you had me at bacon. The atmosphere is very relaxed, which is not surprising with the owners' Pischke's connection. I like the patio, and have been told that it's a great happy hour hangout and they have a nice weekend brunch service (that's on my to do list still).Of course, they won me over with their friendly service and the free to-go ice tea.
4	so this is my first time going and I have only had the one item, but based on the fact that I liked it so well, I will definately go back..I ordered the fish tacos and although I normally won't pay $9 for lunch I did it anyways.  I loved them, they are very different from any I have ever had and I loved the flavor.  I've had a lot of fish tacos and so many places overcook their fish, these were perfect and they were marinated so I didn't have to douse it in salsa to give it flavor.  I am not a big eater so one taco was enough for me, so I ended up giving the other two away.  I would eat them on a weekly basis if I could order just one, I liked them that much..
3	I finally decided to give Local Breeze a try after the sad demise of Palatte. I really liked the feel of Palatte, and I was hoping Local Breeze would keep that same vibe. As soon as I entered their outdoor patio, I got a bit of that quaint, shabby chic feeling again... but with a touch of tropical island flair. So, yeah, I was feeling the whole "local breeze" milieu and was digging the lovely Phoenix fall weather (except for the rouge bee interrupting my meal). When the menu came, I was happy to see some great offerings -- more breakfast options than lunch, but I sort of new ahead of time that it was more of a breakfast place.  I had the LB Paradise Toss and my fellow diners had the cheeseburger. The food was pretty good, I must say. However, the service was a little slow -- very reminiscent of Palatte -- and it sort of bothered me that the waiters were kind of hovering around the front patio area, near where we were seated (Although, I must say I am really weird about that kind of stuff, so I'll just chalk up my criticism to one of my many quirks.) All in all a decent dining experience, but I just kept feeling confused by the whole concept of the restaurant.  Maybe it's the name -- Local Breeze. For me it conjures up images of the tropics, island life and Hawaii, where my taste buds start salivating for fresh fish, roasted pig, or even more Caribbean- and Cuban-inspired dishes.  There was an Ahi Tuna salad and sandwich on the menu, but that wasn't really what I was thinking of for a place called "Local Breeze." Despite my qualms about the concept of the restaurant, I'll still give props to the place. You can't deny good food, even it doesn't fit with the name of the place.  And eating decent food in a lovely atmosphere is even more pleasing.  Keep up the good work, Local Breeze, and I'll be back to give you another go.
3	I can only give Local Breeze a truncated review, since my experience here was limited.It's billed as a breakfast and lunch place that's open from 9am-3pm, so it seemed a natural to try out for that morning meal. There's a nice patio out in front that has a number of seats set in the shade: seems like a nice atmosphere on a warm morning.However, at the time of ordering, I was informed that breakfast lasts only from 9 am to 10:30 am and that I'd missed the narrow breakfast window of opportunity by 20 minutes. Since I was set on breakfast, I decided to leave and head somewhere else; a pity, as several items on the menu looked interesting.
5	This place is pretty cool. We live just a block down the street and we go there often. The staff is really friendly. Great atmosphere. Very clean and the food is great. I would definetly recommend it!
5	Great breakfasts, veerrry attentive staff, and dog-friendly!  What else can I say?Oh yeah, wonderful patio with outdoor bar, and quaint French-inspired bathrooms (waterclosets? :) ).
4	My mom loves this place, and we both love to support local businesses, so this was a perfect choice for dinner before heading over to the Orpheum Theater for a night of opera.  The servers were friendly, and the atmosphere is great, love the inside, all the little rooms of the old house. Excellent outside seating, plenty of shade for summer, and a nice sized fire pit which is perfect for our mostly mild winters.  My friend had the Cucumber Martini and loved it, and the margarita and peach schnapps tea were also well received at our table.We split a the Paradise Hummus for starters - and it was some of the best hummus I've had at a non Middle Eastern restaurant, but not quite good as homemade.  I loved the Arugula Pesto and Roasted Red Pepper variations, and the traditional was quite good.  Could have used some more olives as garnish.  The house made pita was excellent - except they fell into the same situation so many restaurants seem to.  Pita to Hummus ratio was WAY off.  There was no way the few slices of pita were going to be sufficient, and when we finally got more pita, well, I could have built a nice fort out of it and still had enough to finish the hummus.  I'd rather pay a few bucks more at the get go and get enough pita to do the job.The portions here are quite large, and most of us had to get boxes for 1/2 our meal.  I had the Sirlon Steak Sandwich with fries - and it was good.  Not great, and the fries were fairly overdone, on the verge of burnt, but not inedible.However, I think I was the only person who wasn't thrilled with their meal - the Coca Cola Ham, the Roast Beef, the Pesto Chicken and the Lavosh were all praised highly.   Everyone loved the seasoned cottage cheese as a side, which looked way better than the fries.  The house salad - not sure if it was the dressing, the greens or the way the two combined, but it was very bitter, and got relegated to the same pile as the fries.Follow up service got a little slow, but at the same time, the place did get busier, and the staff was super friendly.I'd still pick them over a chain any day, the food was better than most, and the atmosphere and staff were far better.
5	What a great find.  We enjoyed our evening last night (Mardi Gras)  - everything was perfect.  The appetizer Shrimp Tacos are to die for - outstanding cocktails and a small but perfect choice of wines.  Then came the FILET... heavenly.  All of this in a cozy downtown atmosphere.  Worth every penny (and I spent less of them then expected!)
4	4 stars for now because it's not palette and because my food was still hot. 2 huge things that make local breeze pretty damn good. Mimosas are strong so I'm buzzed. I orders a BBQ burger with a side of 2 fried eggs and crafted my own egg burger. Fucking bomb. Should be on the menu.i will continue to give Local Breeze my patronage, but i will say...the first cold plate of food i get, i'm outta there.
4	Moving forward, you will probably be able to find me here every Sunday with my laptop day drinking to my hearts content. They have a fabulous patio with comfortable furniture and a relaxed vibe and one kick-ass mojito. I also REALLY enjoyed the chopped salad (veganized, of course).My only complaint is that it is way too expensive. Hoping that they run some awesome weekend specials so I don't break the bank hanging out!Oooooo just a quick update: BICYCLE DISCOUNT: Be Green! - Ride your bicycle to Local Breeze for Brunch and receive a 10% discount on your entire check.
2	well... everything might have changed here - but one thing remains the same - my food was just as cold as it was every time i went to palette.i'll probably be back - i gave palette six tries before i realized NOTHING was going to make my food hot. but what the f&@%? get some warmers or something. this is silly.
4	Between bread or on top of lettuce, is the main choice you will make here as the vast majority of the foods are either salads, sandwiches or a few pasta options.I suggested we visit this hidden place for a team lunch one Friday. The weather was perfect for a location with a large patio like this. Our party of five was quickly seated at a round table that fit us perfectly. The tables to did wobble a bit but the chairs were comfortable and we were in the shade. It took some time for us to all decide on our meals, and drinks were brought while we read. My coworkers who ordered coke surprisingly received tall bottles of coke made with cane sugar. We then placed our orders and I opted for the seared Ahi Tuna on a "giant" English muffin, I was healthy and selected the salad as my side. The dressing options were unique, including at sweet champagne dressing, and a lime one that I selected. Our meals arrived in an acceptable time, My Ahi was rare just as I had ordered, and it was topped with a bit of sauce possibly a garlic herb mayo based sauce. The English muffin was decent but would have benefitted from some time over a grill. The Ahi itself was decent quality and the flavor was clean. My accompanying salad consisted of tender baby greens and a light neon colored lime dressing and a few diced tomatoes. I asked for a side of their "Atomic" horse radish, it arrived quickly and was quite pungent.My co worker who ordered a turkey club noted the high quality of the bacon on his sandwich; another co worker was pleased with their portion size. It was said that the French fries option while looking natural and rustic and well seasoned lacked some of the crispness that is found in an ideal French fry.The meal ended with a complimentary mini double chocolate cookie that was soft and just exquisite. Overall I was pleased with the quality and quantity of my food, the service was decent and on a nice spring day the location is hard to beat.Parking is only available on the street so be prepared to do a bit of hunting
4	Visited for brunch today with two dear friends and a new friend.  It's raining out so we sat inside.  The decor is interesting and the inside is cozy and inviting.I opted for the Cholla Bay omelet with a side of potatoes.  WOW!!  It was freakin' humongous.  The flavor was exquisite, a nice blend of shrimp and a creamy sauce.Our waitress was super accommodating, even going so far as to help us figure out how to split the bill correctly.  One of us just got done with an intense yoga class and I was just plain worn out so neither of our brains was working at full speed.  :)Looking forward to visiting again soon!
4	This was me and my wife's First time here, and we had never been to palette before, But from what everyone tells me this place is a step up. We had gone on a Sunday about 2 in the afternoon with a group of friends. The atmosphere was really laid back, On first glance the outside is pretty nice if it didn't look like it was going to storm I'm pretty sure we would have sat outside. We were seated promptly inside the building. The inside was nice and basic tables and chairs, a older phoenix home converted to a restaurant a nice cozy place. With local artwork placed on the walls. I like to go to the bathroom and on the way back check out the art pieces.  The waitress was really nice and very fast she gave us our menus and left us to make our drink choice, I ordered a mimosa and water, and when she came back to get our food order for my dish I ordered a Coca Cola Ham Omelet with Pumpernickel Toast.   First off let me say the mimosa was pretty damn good. Nice and strong. So good in fact we finished our first glass and ordered a second. Yes I was buzzed, but through my little buzz I noticed that our food was taking awhile to get to us. There were 5 people at our table and I know it takes time to get those orders ready. But it did seem like it took some time. I think that was the only real complaint. When the food finally made it to us, It was hot but not super hot I would say more like lukewarm. Not to my liking and my wife and friends agreed. The Omelet was big with lots of ham and eggs. Just to make sure of the taste I made sure to clean my palette with the glass of water I believe if you are trying something for the first time the first bite determines how everything else tastes.Well let me say that it was good real good, but wasn't the best. I expect a Coca Cola Ham Omelet to have a distinct taste of Coca Cola. I want it to be sweet and flavorful releasing all kinds of sensations on my taste buds. Who knows maybe the mimosa threw off my taste buds.  But don't get me wrong it wasn't awful, it was a good effort on the chefs part. But maybe it needs to marinate a bit more. I don't know I'm no chef but I know I like to eat.  But I will admit the flavor finally made a real appearance in the last 2 or 3 bites of the omelet. And yes I ate the whole thing cause hey I like to eat.  Would I order it again? Maybe but I would give something else a try first. All in all it was a good experience the food and company was good and we enjoyed it. I will be back again, but as I said trying something different. I think this place has a real chance of becoming something great. They just have to work on getting that food super hot.  And a side note my wife who does not drink tried my omelet and she liked it better than her plate.
3	I'm giving Local Breeze 3 stars because I loved the atmosphere... they have a huge outdoor seating area that makes you feel like you left the city and you are vacationing at an easy breezy location outside the valley. We went to Local Breeze because the waiting list for Mike's big Breakfast was of 1-1/2 hour. We were hoping for breakfast, but they stop serving it around 9:30 so we had to settle for brunch. My boyfriends and 2 friends had high hopes so it really was a shame that out of 4 orders, 3 were wrong and it took 2 tries to get them right. Plus, even if the orders were right, the food wasn't that good. The toasts were hard as rock, the food that was supposed to be spicy... wasn't, 2 out of 4 drinks had suspicious things floating on them, and the flavor of the food just wasn't there. I don't know if I will ever go back. The waiter blame all the problems on the sunny morning... I guess they were more busy than usual. But, I don't care how busy a restaurant is, the food should always be clean and it should always taste good... no matter what!
4	One word Lahvosh....two words LB Favorite! For this dish alone I will continue to go back to Local Breeze again and again and again. Actually I think it's a waste of time to get the small one, because what is better than left over's!?!?!This Lahvosh is perfect, the combination of flavors but the most important element and the one they do not skimp on the BACON! For years I have denied myself bacon, because I know that a healthy person or a person trying to be healthy should not eat it. But because Local Breeze has opened my eyes to how wonderful bacon can be...I can never close them again.I have also tried the Spicy Marinated Beef Sandwich , which was good, but not spicy like the Menu tells you.The service has always been great! Although there was one time where my friend Jason B. was like a stalker outside the window to get the waitresses attention...but that's a story for another day!I love the patio and just how comfy and at home it feels! This is a great go to restaurant! Please just do me a favor and don't order the LB Favorite Lahvosh, because sometimes I just don't like to share!!!
4	I picked up my friend for lunch and headed to Local Breeze.  It has been on my to do list for a couple of months.  We sat in the shade under their patio and were cooled by a nice breeze.  How appropriate.  I ordered the Atomic Burger.  The menu boasts that it will clear your sinus with its pepper jack cheese and horseradish.  Did it ever.  I had to pace myself when eating this burger.  I ate a little to quickly at one point and gagged on the strong horseradish.  For my side I ordered a salad with a lime dressing.  The greens were so fresh and the dressing was enjoyable.  My friend ordered the Veggie sandwich and was happy with her choice.  Local Breeze has a nice atmosphere.  The waitstaff was attentive and pleasant.  I will go back and I will try something else.  I did enjoy my burger don't get me wrong.  Something with a little less burn next time.  4 stars.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. Quick disclosure: When I was working for the Downtown YMCA, I discovered Local Breeze as I was searching for businesses to participate in our fund-raising campaign. Local Breeze was totally down to contribute. So on top of getting that delicious meal, know that your money is largely going back to the community. Awesome.But the food (and drinks) are really what keep me coming back. The coca-cola ham is delish, and the serving sizes are pretty decent. You definitely get your money's worth. And there's a reason why my profile says that my "recent discovery" is "spiced cottage cheese from Local Breeze." That was written months ago, but I don't think I've discovered anything quite as amazing yet. And I normally don't even like cottage cheese.The last time I went was for my bday dinner, and again, it didn't let me down. We had good food, good drinks, and a good time in general. The bartender mixed up this killer cucumber martini, which sounds weird, but if you're a martini fan, go for it. If you're feeling less risky, you can't go wrong with their mojito.
4	I like this place. The food was tasty, the staff was attentive and the patio is enormous. I am a big fan of the old Pischke's so this place brought back fond memories. We will return to this downtown joint. One complaint: the lettuce in a chopped salad should actually be chopped not whole leaves, I had to chop my own chopped salad.
4	This place holds a lot of sweet sweet memories for me.. first dates, second dates, fun bags, binge drinking after my car got broken into, St. Patty's day pre-gaming.. I love Local Breeze, allow me to count the ways..Its like this.. You walk in, and BAM, you're immediately on vacation. The atmosphere is so super chill, and quite frankly one of the most random places I've ever been to. Fantastic (enormous) patio with cozy chairs next to fire-pits, tiki torches, bag pits, waitresses that seem to constantly be stoned, an owner who tells me that I have a beautiful head, decent breakfast and also a great dinner. Last night we had the filet Mignon and the biggest Caesar salad Ive ever seen in my entire life. I'm not kidding, there was literally 5 pounds of salad on my plate, it was shocking.. I could have fed that psycho Octomoms entire family with my leftovers. Ive had several things here and have never been bummed.. the hummus plate is the jam, a mound of delicious crispy pitas, 3 different types and all of them equally delicious. Burgers are juicy and huge and fn' BOMB. Breakfast is tasty, but slightly overpriced in my book. Full bar included, and who doesn't love that? On top of it all, the parking situation doesn't completely suck.. lots of street parking is available in all directions.Only complaint is this.. one morning I came here and wanted this crazy alcoholic coffee concoction my buddy told me about, its basically 10% coffee and 90% booze.. 4 different kinds of booze, and rather than granting my wish, she told me I was crazy and that the drink would cost roughly $30 because of all the different shots that are in it.. are you effing kidding me? If I EVER pay $30 for a drink it better be some decent Whiskey or there better be gold dust and muscle relaxers flying out of it. Okay, that's a little extreme..  but seriously, I'm not gonna pay that. Now that I really think about it, everything there is a little over priced, but the people and atmosphere totally make up for it.Anyway, I heart Local Breeze, and i'm totally looking forward to making many more memories here. Check it out!
5	Local Breeze is the kind of place that you could go on a Saturday during nice weather and spend the entire day. Get there at 9am for breakfast/brunch, have a few mimosas, play some bean bags, have lunch, couple beers, catch some sun, afternoon snack, get some laptop work done, have dinner, drinks around the fire. Done. And done.Great food on an AMAZING patio - this place exists on a different plane for the months of Feb-Apr and Oct-Nov. Maybe the only issue I have with the place is that the portions might be a little too large - OK, a lot large - so take a friend and share.
4	Okay, so I'm from Chicago. I was slightly dubious that sitting outside even in April was a good idea, but the garden, cushioned chairs, and umbrellas convinced me. :) Everything was good! Things of note, however, include: unique menu choices and giant portions. :) The atmosphere at night must be really cozy, like a backyard dinner party. They have a firepit, area to play bags, and a desert-style garden. They even give 10% off if you ride your bike over! It was a little pricey, but I enjoyed it and love how it's integrated into the neighborhood.
4	These guys earned an extra star *just* for the 10% discount if you ride your bike there.  How awesome is that?There is a TON of seating outside.  It reminds me of the restaurants on the beaches in Costa Rica, where the majority of tables are outside.  There is seating inside, but in Phoenix, in March, you really shouldn't sit inside.  That's such a sad, sad waste.They have a great menu for breakfasts and lunch.  I had a veggie sandwich that was big enough that I had to bring half home to eat later.  Service was really friendly, from the host to the waitress.I love that this place is a big, old house.  While I was sitting there eating, I was imagining living there, in old school Phoenix.  Pretty cool.
4	What a beautiful brunch oasis in downtown Phoenix.  Sitting outside on an April afternoon, listening to jazz and feeling the cool breeze (thanks to the misters), I felt like I was in the Mediterranean by the sea.  Or something like that.  Anyway, I really dug the atmosphere, and the food was delicious.  The Vegetarian Omelet was yummy, bursting with veggies, and the olives gave it a great flavor.  The potatoes were perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the whole wheat bread was thick and perfectly toasted.  I also had a few bites of the Banana Fosters French Toast, which is waaaaay too sweet, in my opinion, to be considered breakfast food but was a great finish to my meal.  The coffee is good enough to drink black.
4	If you ask my friends how long it took me to decide on just one breakfast item the day we visited Local Breeze for Smunch, you will understand why I will try this place again. The menu looked fantastic. In the end I had to go with the local breeze omelet, but several items, including the french toast were tempting.Local Breeze was a gorgeous setting for a spring brunch. I loved the complete relaxation that overcame me as I sat down and the fact that they were well accommodating of our party that kept on growing.The best part was their bread. I loved their homemade bread and will forever and ever!! If you come only once, please just come and try the bread.All in all, my meal was good but not outstanding. But the bread will have me coming back to try others.
5	Oh Sid, Oh Preston.  Oh you guys........I was so sad to see Palette leave this beautiful spot, once home to the downtown oasis Tara's Garden.  I was then equally disturbed to see that the new replacement was named, of all things, Local Breeze.  WTF?  We live in Phoenix.  We don't have breezes. We have dust storms.  We have monsoons.  Local Breeze?  Really?But...it won me over.  First. 10% discount for bicyclers.  Then, amazing drinks.  Then, amazing drink specials.  Then, awesome, beautiful outdoor bar.  Then, incredible yummy, delicious and not expensive food.  And then, my ninety year old grandma come to town.Grandma lived in Key West for twenty five years, before Grandpa died and she got too old for such shenanigans.  Now, she shuttles bewteen "the kids". (Ages 68-72.)  This March, it was Dad's turn.Grandma arrived at Sky Harbor an hour and a half late, essentially destroying more than half of our downtown options for food.  Since I love LB, me and the Significant O decided to go there.  When I arrived, I was worried that G'ma might be cold. (All seating is essentially outside seating.  Even inside is outside here, a fact I had sort of forgotten. I was freaking out. This is my little old delicate g'ma!)   Sid brought over a heater.  Hustled the girls to take care of her.  Personally  greeted her at the door.  Walked her to her seat.  She soaked it in.  Unlike her last ungrateful offspring of visits past, she was FINALLY being treated as the queen she deserved.Food: Awesome.  Drinks: Awesome.  Menu: Awesome.  G'ma was STARVING and dove in to the food like no one's business. Mom and Dad (also starving, since waiting on G'ma for an extra hour and a half) LOVED IT.  I was so stressed out about finding the perfect place to bring little old grandma, and this was it.  How convenient that it's also a killer place to eat a hangover breakfast feast, perfect spot for a date, a business lunch, a quick bite OR  leisurely drawn out mid-week brunch,  or late night nibble?  (Kitchen, i think, closes at ten).We are SO LUCKY to have this place in downtown Phoenix.  For all the specialty stops that have spring up in the last couple of years (Which I also love) this is such a great, local, easy place.  It's a lot like Carly's, the default place that I go when I just want something awesome, familiar, nearby and solid.  Best compliment from Grandma:  "Something about that place reminds me of Key West in the seventies."  (I think it might be Sid, but who knows?)
5	Hands down the best breakfast I've had in Phoenix! I'm in love, if I could take this place home, I would take it out to brunch at Local Breeze the next morning.The atmosphere is amazing the patio area is great I felt like I was at the beach. The patio had misters going and a deck area to sit at with a bar. I Think I could relax on the patio and drink sangria all day. Everything on the menu sounded amazing I went with the fire island eggs  and they were delicious! Thank you to whoever though of this brilliant breakfast food! I also had some of the Banana's foster french toast which was amazing. All the breads used are homemade and everything tasted fresh and original. I really can't wait to bike down and spend another Sunday on the patio!
4	Great outdoor patio, couches, big bar, tables, great burgers, huge side of crunchy fries and they carry sweet tea vodka. Do not order the sangria, unless you like it super sweet. I don't, I'm sweet enough already.
5	Local breeze is definitely a DTown PHX gem.  Situated just behind Cibo on Fillmore and 5th ave, it gives you another great option to grab a bite or a cocktail.  Although the food probably deserves its own review because it's so good, I want to focus on the awesome ambiance.  This place feels like you are on the beach! It's amazing.  The second you walk in, you forget that you're in the middle of DTown PHX.  It's only when a city bus rumbles by outside that you ever even think about being in the city.  I assume this feeling of beach nirvana is caused by the foliage-lined walls that block out the outside world, completely immersing you in Local Breezyness. Other than the walls though, the general layout is also great.  They actually do have a nice big indoor part of the restaurant, but I rarely see many people inside.  Not because it's not nice, but because the huge outdoor patio/bar/yard is where you'll want to hang. They have great management/staff, awesome drink specials and excellent food.  If you have an open weekend afternoon, I can't recommend enough spending it outside at local breeze
3	Checked out the local breeze on a Saturday night with the boyfriend while a friend was in town. This was actually our second option because we didn't want to wait for an hour at Cibo. I love the aesthetics of this place. Quaint house turned restaurant with a big outdoor bar/patio and high top tables. It was a gorgeous night and we sat a table near the fire outside. We waited for our server for what seemed like forever, as well as our drinks. The server really lacked personality which usually dissapoints me. We ordered the large chicken lahvosh which was HUGE and tasted amazing. It was perfectly filling for 3 people and didn't put you on the edge of uncomfortably full. The sangria was incredible as well as their English ale. Overall, everything but the service was stellar.
4	Came back again, and this time split the Greek Lavosh - the 1/2 order was more than enough for 2 of us. It was so tasty. We sat outside and the weather was awesome, and the service was fast and friendly. We missed out on the key lime pie, but I keep hearing that I have to try it, so I guess I just have to go back.
5	This place is awesome. If I lived downtown, I would be here 3-4 times a week (especially during happy hour). The experience is just a bit pricey, for my meager budget, but when I splurge I come here. The food is tasty. I've tried the burger and fries (yummy, especially the fries), the mahi mahi salad (fabulous), shrimp lahvosh (a no-brainer to order), and the fish tacos. The first time I had the fish tacos I couldn't stop thinking about my next visit for over a week. Then I went again a week or so ago and either (1) they changed the recipe, (2) the restaurant gods conspired against my enjoyment, or (3) my expectations were so high that I was let down. As a former server/bartender myself, I am inclined to go with 1, unfortunately. The fish taco experience has not affected my will to revisit the Local Breeze, no way. Not only do they have other tasty food, they also have some pretty darn good drinks. If you are to planning to simply have a drink or planning on drinking your dinner, go with the cucumber martini. As a male I generally stay away from martinis, but bring on the jokes because this one is [choose your dramatic word . . . epic/phenomenal/unbelievable]. Oh, and the corn hole is fun to play, and watch. Not sure what I am going to do during the hot Phoenix summers. I will figure something out.
5	I have got to say that the portions are huge.  I had the roast beef sandwich and the bread was thick and fresh.  It came with fries and an awesome horseradish dressing on it.It is one of the few restaurants actually open downtown at night.  A fun atmosphere.  The restaurant is actual inside/outside of an old house - quite cool!The food is good and the prices are modest.  Enjoy!
5	Working just down the street, any excuse that i have to take clients out, or friends that come on in for lunch - lets head on down to local breeze.  I will admit i have a problem - i find something and can't stray from it - here is the Green Chile Burger.  I don't know who originally came up with the idea to put chile on a burger - but i love that person.  Food is an upscale lunch, service is casual, waitresses are fun, owner working just like everyone else.  5 stars for everything - the porch - ambiance - food - service.
2	Meh.I like the outdoor patio.I like the mojitos, and the mojito style lemonade.Service was AWFUL.  We were basically ignored for most of the time.I thought the food was meh.Meh.  The filet medallions with shrimp and bernaisse wasn't bad... but..... meh.The spicy sirloin sandwich with fries... it definitely wasn't spicy, and it too.... eh..... meh.I'll come back for brunch, to give it another shot.  I *really* want to like this place.
4	I heart Local Breeze!Every time i've visited I've been greeted at the door and shown to my seat by Sid the owner.  What a class act!The service has been nothing but top notch from all the servers I've encountered.  Kate took care of me last time.  Great job!The food is phenomenal.  I recommend the Ahi salad, and the hummus plate to start. But nothing rivals the lemonade mojito! Keep 'em comin!
4	I have to be honest, I, like a lot of downtowner folk said that I would never eat at Local Breeze when they made Palette go away (Loved me some Palette). But I have to admit when I'm wrong... I.WAS.WRONG.!! Great little menu, great little cocktail and nice atmosphere!! I had the Coca-Cola ham sandwich on pumpernickel bread and a side salad...It was pretty darn good. Very fresh and bursting with flavors... I mean how could Coca-Cola ham sandwich and a side salad with lime vinaigrette dressing be boring!? The cocktail I had was a very smooth (dangerous!!, LOL) Peach Tea which had a sweet tea vodka in it... highly recommend this. Lastly, I have to give props to our waitress. I think her name was Tatiyana. Personally, she had no business being a waitress... she looked like she belonged on a runway modeling fashion... BEAUTIFUL & SUPER SWEET!! In all seriousness, this was probably the best service I have gotten at a restaurant in months. Oh... I have to take away points for the lack of plant life that used to exist when Palette was around. I think that was a lot of the charm of that location for me!? Then again, it is summer in Phoenix right now.
3	I'm still getting used to the idea of restaurants in houses (Local Breeze, Cibo, Main Ingredient, etc.). Every time I go to one of these I'm giddy, like a little kid at the circus! "Wow! It's a house! And they turned it into a restaurant!" Can you tell I spent way too much time in the suburbs before moving to downtown? I forgot what it's like to go to a restaurant with personality.Anyway, Local Breeze. My 3-star rating is only so because of the service (or lack thereof). The food was good, with room for improvement. I've been here twice now, once for breakfast with my husband, and once for lunch with a good friend. Both times, really enjoyed my meals. Breakfast was eggs, bacon and two enourmous pieces of whole wheat toast. Holy crap - i could just come here to eat toast! It's delicious. I also had the spicy cottage cheese (did NOT like that at all, though the server said it was one of their signature/popular sides, meh... ). My lunch was a classic turkey sandwich on wheat with house fries. My friend had the coca cola ham sandwich. Both were delicious but I think they would have been made better if the bread had been toasted. No problem, I'll just make sure to request that next time I go, if I get a sandwich (though I'm thinking trying of a burger the next time I go).But the service - ugh. Seriously? What is wrong with Phoenix?! Why is it so hard for people to even TRY to offer good service? Ever since we moved to Phoenix from NYC, this is something we've always noticed, good customer service is just a rarity here.At Local Breeze we were left waiting a ridiculous amount of time, both times I've been there. Not only that, our water glasses sat empty almost out entire meal - both times. If someone can't come by and check on that, at least make it a point to leave apitcher of water on the table. I noticed so many reviews on here where people say what great service they had, and I've gotta wonder: are your standards that low, or did I just end up with a dud both times? I really liked the food, so I'm willing to give this place a few more tries, and I'll keep my fingers crossed that the poor service was an exception and not the rule there.
4	Well they have re-upped the outside bar, added a "corn hole" area (I can't believe people call it that) and it's super super nice, and has a great view of the CenPho skyline.This morning I had the Coke Ham and white cheddar omelet ... the toast that came with it was out of this world and the ham was Damn good. And they served my dawgie water right away ... big ups!
4	Tried LB for dinner tonight, and it did not disappoint. We arrive around 8:30 (Friday) and it was pleasantly busy but we were seated right away. It's so relaxing to sit out on their patio, even on a hot night it's comfortable. Service was prompt and courteous, we got water and menus right away. We ordered:1/2 shrimp and pesto lahvosh (oh my goodness, I could have inhaled that entire gigantic platter and had to practically force husband's half on him so I wouldn't steal it from him). This was the hit of the meal, and 1/2 order was huge. Perfect to split between two people as a starter. I will be tasting garlic for days and waxing nostalgic for that crispy bit of goodness.Husband had the BBQ-bacon burger with fries, and he wiped his plate clean. I guess it was good. I ordered the Veggie Sandwich with green salad. I violated my sandwiches-aren't-for-dinner rule because I wasn't in the mood for anything heavy or creamy or cheesy as an entree. It was a great choice, with greens, cucumber, roasted red pepper, hummus, and olive tapenade mixed with a vinaigrette and served on a herbed focaccia. The salad was large, and the lime vinaigrette suggested by the server was superb. Reasonable prices, but not cheap. Before tip, without drinks, our total was $33. I would like to see some lighter, non-sandwich entrees added to the menu, maybe some more vegetarian or shrimp dishes that don't also rely on cream sauces and cheese and pasta. Just a suggestion from someone who is really trying to avoid gorging at restaurants, but who still wants fabulous food. I don't always want to stick to the salad menu when I go out for dinner. But a very nice night for a dinner out, and we were both happily full when we left.
4	Have eaten both dinner and brunch here a few times, and it was delicious. The patio atmosphere is great - especially in spring time. It was wonderful to sit out and have a nice brunch outside in the beautiful weather. The food is excellent. I have tried some of the omelets and french toast and all have been good. The french toast, however, is quite massive.Its safe to order a half portion, it still is decent sized. Dinner here was also good. I tried the chopped salad and it was fresh and filling. Service can be hit or miss, but overall a great place.
4	Local Breeze is a lovely little breakfast spot in central Phoenix and nice substitue to Matt's but without the long wait. The last time I was there I had the Coca Cola Ham and Cheese Omelette with potatoes. It was reeeeally good. The portions were very generous (I probably could have shared my plate). Although we ate inside, the patio area looks like an enjoyable mist experience. The next time I go I'm going to get the banana french toast, it sounds delightful!
4	So maybe the name doesn't fit the face...but Local Breeze is a wonderful, independently owned, affordable establishment that is most deserving of having many a bridal shower thrown there.  In fact, I recently co-hosted a lovely bridal shower there myself!The other bridesmaids and I knew that we wanted an adorable, shabby chic place to hold a Saturday lunchtime shower for 15 of our vegan bride's nearest and dearest.  After chatting with the manager, it seemed that this was going to be easy peasy.  He was completely flexible - we could either use the entire weekend brunch menu or he would type up a limited menu of selections for our guests.  There was no minimum charge either way which is a stellar bonus considering so many cute, bridal shower-y places in Phoenix require you to spend a certain amount.  Local Breeze also has several vegan dishes on the menu (phew!) but we decided not to limit the entire menu to veggie/vegan options.The manager pre-printed personalized menus for our guests featuring 4  brunch entree options that were $10 or less (talk about a bridal shower on a budget)!We ended up choosing:Bananas Foster French ToastFire Island EggsChopped Salad Veggie Island We also pre-ordered carafes of their white sangria so our ladies could get into the groove directly upon arrival.  The food was plentiful and received lots of props!  While our waitress seemed a little hungover from partying the night before, the outdoor setting was perfect for our shower and our bride was as happy as a vegan clam!
4	We meet at Local Breeze for a Sunday brunch. I found parking right next to the restaurant. M was already there with a table on the outside patio. There was a wait for the inside. OK, they have mister system and water coolers for the outside patio. It was not too bad. The service on getting our order was a little slow but it seems like she was spread throughout the patio. They were serving breakfast and lunch. A lot of selection, but since I do not get breakfast food much I had to get the Coke Cola Ham and White Cheddar Cheese Omelet served with country potatoes and wheat bread. The rest of the table got Eggs Benedict and 2 Downtown's Favorite Breakfast. Everything was so good. I love French toast so I must try next time. Loved the atmosphere, but it started to get HOT. It took awhile before we could get our check. If the service can improve, then it would be perfect.
5	I been to most of the breakfast places here in the downtown area and this is one of my favorites, not just because its in walking distance or that you can get a 10% off your bill if you ride your bike there either. That's just an added bonus. The real reason we go there as much as we do is because the food is absolutely amazing. The owners are always there to meet and greet you and let you sit where ever you want. I have actually tried everything on the menu at least once for sure.  However I must recommend one of my favorites and that is the "Fire Island Eggs" that dish is the bomb, yum yum. Check it out. JT
5	Best place to eat breakfast in Phoenix, bold but well deserved. I stumbled across this fine establishment one Sunday morning and wasn't disappointed one bit after eating at local breeze. The fire island eggs were amazing and complimented with a little green Tabasco sauce added the perfect touch.  The patio is huge and open creating the perfect setting for some sangria or mimosa whichever you prefer. They also offer a "going green incentive" with 15% off for bike riders on Sundays. Keep doing what your doing, because its right!
5	Great food. Fire Island Eggs are amazing. I would highly recommend checking this place out. Its a nice place to take someone for breakfast.
3	So, I went to Local Breeze in April and enjoyed myself tremendously! I enjoyed the food and seeing everyone else's dish was a marvel.  (The french toast).  BUT, I returned to Local Breeze with several of my girlfriends this past Sunday and was kind of disappointed.  I asked to hold the onion from my Fire Island Eggs (delicious).  She informs me that it is premade and there can be no modifications. No problem.  Then our food takes an exceptionally long time.  One of my girlfriends food came out wrong in spite of us double checking with our server to make sure.  And our potatoes were cold.  I guess I think if the food is premade we wouldn't have to wait so long and they should find a better way to keep their potatoes warm.
4	The portions are huge! You can definitely get one dish and share with a friend.  Friendly staff, great food. Such a refreshing change from the former restaurant that was too pretentious for my taste.  I am not sure where the name come...They are dog friendly, next time we go we're going to load up the dog and come back for brunch!
4	This was our first time at LB. It wasn't crowded which is cool. We started off with the half LB lavosh. Then I had the coca cola ham sandwich which was very good. My husband had the atomic burger and he liked it a lot especially the horsey on it to spice it up. We both asked for well done extra crispy fries but they weren't. They were barely even hot. So bummer on that. Since the desserts are house made I tried the challah bread pudding and he tried the key lime pie which had crushed lemon cookies as the crust. Both were delicious! (see pictures that I posted) We can't wait till it cools down so we can enjoy the outside area.
4	I go to Local Breeze pretty regularly.  I mostly go for brunch with the girls.  I like their spicy Bloody Marys.  I'm not crazy about the potatoes, but I LOVE the spicy cottage cheese, so that's what I order with my meal.  The portions at LB are HUGE.  We always have leftovers.  The mojito style lemonade is also a treat.  Service is prompt and attentive.  We love the bike rider brunch discount on Sunday.  Have gone in the evening after Critical Mass bike ride, too.  It was busy, but the quality of food and service was still good.  The firecracker shrimp are my current favorite.  They have a spicy cajun sauce and come with crusty bread.  Yum!
3	Nice place, with great ambiance and a nice vibe. Very laid back and casual. The lavosh is great, the patio is pretty sweet in the fall and winter. Staff is not the brightest or friendliest, but also don't upsell or pressure you. Overall it's a great place to chillax and have some good noshies with your BeBu or shortie.DON'T BRING YOUR KIDS, THEY HAVE A WINDOWLESS VAN PARKED OUT FRONT YOU CAN LEAVE THEM IN.
4	Really great spot for homemade breakfast.  They made tons of homemade breads, biscuits, even the English Muffin.  It was tough to decide what to get.  I went with biscuits and gravy with a side of  Portuguese sausage and a couple of eggs on top.  It was a bit too much rich flavor, but that was my own fault.  Service was very friendly, but a bit inattentive, especially since I was one of the only people there.  The outside also looks a bit misleading, as it's falling apart and kind of messy in the yard, but it's the awesome quality menu and friendly service inside that really makes this a fantastic little breakfast spot.
2	Visited for Sunday Brunch.Nice location,easy parking.Greeted fairly quickly after hostess turned around at the hostess stand.When asked outside or in ?we chose inside and where seated promptly just inside the doorway.Server was very pleasant and food served in timely fashion.My dish was barely luke warm and potatoes cold.When finally able to get servers attention she apologized and brought my plate back in kitchen to be reheated in microwave which I could see from my vantage point : ( My dish contained shrimp which doesen't improve in micro but thats not the servers fault.Overall the staff is very friendly but more so to each other while catching up on the night before activities.I have not been wowed by this place yet but not sure if I ever will?Didn't recieve visit by manager at all during visit only acknowledged on leaving.This was my 3rd or 4th visit
3	We went for lunch on a Wednesday.  Arrived a bit after rush, 12:30 ish, no wait, sat right away.  Very pretty atmosphere, beautiful outside seating.  Service was horribly, horribly slow.  We shared the Ahi sandwich.  Ahi was good, not great and very overpriced.  Needed more flavor at a cheaper price.  Will go back to try breakfast, on a weekend, with no time limit.
4	I can not say enough good places about Local Breeze! This is one of the best places to be for lunch during the week or for their great drink specials on Wednesday nights! I know they have other great drink specials, but I can get away from their $3 sangrias (Wednesday nights only - I think).
4	Quite possibly the coolest place to sit outside and have a cocktail downtown.  I have a friend who lives in Ahwahtukee and we meet here occasionally as it's a nice half-way point.The outside dining area/bar is spacious with a wonderful assortment of comfy places to sit.  The atmosphere is casual and inviting. The staff is friendly and laid back.My favorite cocktail - the Cucumber Martini - YUMMY!
5	This is another one of those "we need to eat so lets see what yelp recommends in the area" finds.  It was a good thing we had directions because this place is kind of hard to find, its not very well marked or visible from the road, tucked into a slightly residential area in downtown (its location is an old phoenix house).Once you do get into the restaurant, you find a literal oasis.  It was 100 degrees that day, in the middle of the day and we chose to sit outside as it was so comfortable and with all the decor and covers you really feel like you're at a resort and not in downtown phoenix.We had their breakfast fare and it was all home made to order, high quality ingredients and very tasty.  The bread is baked on site.  Large portions but you won't feel bad about bringing home leftovers.They are dog friendly as well.*serves coke products, including cane sugar coke!
4	OK so I've been putting off coming here because 1) Sweet Pea and I were not fans of Palatte - I know, I know, it was great blah blah blah- didn't get it and 2) "Local Breeze" sounds like some place where they wear Hawaiian shirts and serve smoothies.  But, it was such a nice morning for a walk, and I just don't have the kind of time it takes to commit to Matt's.The ambiance is pretty much the same as Palatte, Sweet Pea calls it "you have a big backyard and invited everyone over for breakfast" kinda vibe, and I agree.  Two big improvements are the addition of what looks to be a sizeable bar and sit-down service rather than order at the counter.  The music was a little random, but at least it wasn't the steel drum stuff I was expecting by the name.We were greeted quickly and served water promptly.  It was a nice day, and we sat outside.  The menu is limited, but enough of the breakfast standards.  I ordered 2 eggs over easy, the "spicy" cottage cheese, a side of the potatoes, and the whole wheat toast with an iced tea.  Sweet Pea got the biscuits and gravy with scrambled eggs and a side of sausage.  They came out quickly and were large portions.  He said he liked but didn't love the biscuits and the bacon, but he did seem to eat quite a bit.  They told him it was spicy, and he said it had some spice but wasn't overpowering.  The highlights of my meal were the potatoes and the toast.  They say the bread is baked in house, and it was thick and definitely had a homemade flavor.  The potatoes were skillet-type potatoes with peppers and onions and were very good although cold.  The cottage cheese was odd- not spicy per se, but had some sort of odd flavor that I couldn't put my finger on.  It definitely had some pepper and chives in there, but perhaps a pinch of cayenne?  Anyway, not really an improvement over regular cottage cheese in my book.One bizarre thing- the menu says that they give 10% discount if you ride your bike there.  We asked if we got it since we walked, and the waitress said no, with the reason that "a lot of neighborhood people walk here all of the time, and so if we did that, it would be pretty much everyone getting 10% off."  OK...so you're discriminating against locals and pedestrians?  You heart cyclists?  What's the reason for the discount in the first place, because it's obviously not environmental....?  Weirdness.  But the place is solid, and I'll be back.  Probably for cocktails next.
4	Great food here, I am having a guilt trip not giving them a full 5 stars.  Stop by and have breakfast, lunch or dinner, they don't disappoint.  I love their bloody mary's!  I love scotch too.
5	Si, Beuno! Nice, spacious outdoor layout... addictive food.(Trippy bathroom too!)
2	Today, I was so excited to take my family to The Local Breeze for lunch! I had been with some girlfriends a few weeks ago and loved it! So I was eager to share the joy with my husband, and his brother (along with his family). Here's the deal... between us two couples, we have 7 kids. And NEVER have we been so poorly greeted at any establishment. We are well aware that we have a lot of kids, but we are also aware of how well behaved they are so we aren't scared to take them out. However, The Local Breeze obviously frowns upon children at their establishment. This was made painfully evident when the greeter said to us, "They need to be controlled" within the first 2 minutes of our arrival. So, we took our brood of offspring, and put them back in the car to support another downtown restaurant. It's completely fine that this is not a child-friendly eatery. And to be completely honest, i might still go while on a date or otherwise child-free occurrence. The point is that there is no need to talk to customers in such a fashion to make them feel completely unwanted and uncomfortable at your restaurant. It was severely disappointing and I will be sure to spread the news as well as possible in order to save The Local Breeze the inconvenience of having to deal with such annoying little customers. *insert sarcasm here*.
5	Dropped in today for #SMUNCH with @SMUNCHPhoenix.I think I am in love!Had the Bananas Foster French Toast, and the Sawmill Gravy with Biscuits.Wow.The french toast is indescribably delicious! The bananas foster topping is simply delectable, and the thick-sliced challah bread makes for a treat of epic proportions!Plus, the full order of french toast is a meal for two! Huge!For the kids, we ordered the PB&J french toast, half order.They couldn't even finish it!We sat outside, near the bar. The verandah was PERFECT!Local Breeze is one of the places that make me wish I could live downtown.Well done!
5	Saturday morning we decided to cruise around downtown and find some lunch, me and the wife are not big fans of commercial eateries, but unique, good food isn't always the easiest to find. That's where we rely on yelp, Local Breeze has a solid 4 stars and a lot of solid reviews. It's located in an old house near the "historic" district which is slowly, but surely, gaining some personality. Once entering we noticed it was huge and had a cool bar with a tropical theme. We were greeted and seated by who must have been the owner, we were sat in a nice quiet corner of the patio. The service was excellent! The guy who sat us noticed that our drink order had not been taken by the server, so he came over and made sure we got our drinks promptly. One thing that gave me a great impression up front was the awesome beer selection, they carry mainly local microbrew products from Grand Canyon Brewing, Four Peaks, Oak Creek, etc. The guy was sad to admit they had Bud Light on tap (he said too many people are still ordering it, which is sad but understandable). Being a near perfect Saturday afternoon, I ordered a Grand Canyon Amber Ale and my wife order the Sangria, which was also damn good, it had many pieces of whole citrus in the glass. For brunch I ordered the "fire island eggs" and my wife ordered the Local Breeze Burger. The fire island eggs were amazing, and the fries had a really good chile-lime seasoning on them. I finished my wife's burger and have to say that it was a great burger, good quality beef chargrilled to perfection with thick bacon and sharp cheddar. The menu was not huge but very balanced and had personality. The burger was about as tame as it gets, most everything else has a bit more adventure in it.Overall, an A+ experience, thank you Yelp! We recommend Local Breeze and will definitely be going back for brunch every weekend we can. Apparently their dinner menu changes and has more options. We look forward to going back for dinner sometime soon!
4	i finally was able to get hot food here. for this alone i am happy. oh, the hummus is excellent and so are the drinks.
5	This may be my fav spot in Phoenix.   I've been here for brunch, din, and drinks, and all were fantastic.  The space is wonderful - a little oasis in the middle of downtown Phoenix.  There's a big outdoor bar and lots of seating (both tables for dining and couches for sipping).  The inside is also charming, with a more retro vibe.  The food is also great.  They have large menus that use lots of fresh ingredients - very veg friendly.   For brunch, we shared the bananas foster french toast as an appetizer (apps at brunch? brilliant).  Delish - very rich and sweet and would be too much for me as a meal, but a few bites were perfect.  I then had the vegetarian omelet.  Sometimes eggs are just eggs, but the difference for me is nice fresh add-ons, and this had plenty.  (For this reason, I prefer brunch at Local Breeze to Matt's.)Happy hour is also ideal on a nice evening - lots of room for a big group, and refreshing mojitos at a good happy hour price.Dinner was good - if perhaps slightly less memorable.  I had the chopped salad sans meat, and it was tasty and filling.A spacious, comfortable, garden hangout in downtown Phoenix with veg-friendly food and good drinks?  In.
4	We stumbled upon this place when we tried to eat at Cibo, but when they were to full to seat us, we decided to try Local Breeze which is right next door. We opted to eat outdoors because the evening weather was so nice. The ambiance outdoors reminds in a way of Bahama Breeze. The place is fairly big, but has never been so busy that you can't get seated right away. The menu has surplus of good dishes including nice salads. I would recommend this place to anyone who would like to have a mid-size party. I haven't tried brunch or lunch, but so far I would recommend this place.
4	I've been here a few times and I absolutely love having lunches here. Let's see what I have tried from this place.Lahvosh...gotta have!I had their Cajun Chicken Lahvosh; however, I have fallen in love with their Garlic Shrimp Lahvosh. It is bombay!!! I could probably just have a full order of Lahvosh as my lunch, but I have always gotten a half portion so I can try their other yummy foods.SandwichesUpon the recommendations of many, I ordered the Coca-Cola Ham sandwich...and WoW! It is wonderful!!! Their Seasoned Beach Fries have great flavor too.The Spicy Sirloin and Fernando's Chicken pretty much tasted the same to me. It was just alright.Fire Island...some of you have mentioned about this and I'm not sure if this is what ya'll were talking about. This was good, but really extra cheesy for me, but if you like cheesy food then this meal might be for you.Mini CookiesAt the end of your meal, you are suppose to get these mini chocolate chip cookies. I've only had them given to me once . It's just a great bonus at the end...free food (who would say no to that?).
4	This is one of the first places I had brunch in AZ when I arrived 3 years ago. I remember the menu was different, so I had some healthy something with blue berries. But I tried what some friends ordered and all had good flavors. Will have to repeat and find out more!
3	The best thing about Local Breeze was the company, hands down. I met Deb L for lunch. It was a rare and wonderful treat, getting together without husband's and kids.The food was fine. Nothing to write home about, but fine. I had an omelet with asparagus, goat cheese, prosciutto and basil (I got it without tomato). It came with fries. Everything was fine. That's really all there is to say about it. I did find the place a little on the pricey side. I paid $12 for an omelet and $2 for a diet coke. When I asked for a refill I was told they discontinued free refills. Hmmm. Interesting thing to go cheap on, since the actual cost of the soda in my cup was less than a quarter.I could go to Mimi's Cafe and get an asparagus omelet with potatoes for $9 and my soda would be bottomless. It's a chain, but it's also a really good omelet.So, to sum up, the food was fine. The company was beyond compare.
5	I have been here at least 10 times and have never had a complaint.  The staff is friendly, the food is great, the atmosphere is lovely.  My favorites - the LB lavosh and spicy cottage cheese.I will continue to come back to Local Breeze again and again!
4	What a lovely way to end an amazing weekend. I will definitely be returning, and next time it will be on a Saturday instead of a Sunday so we have time to get our day drink on. (They close at 3pm on Sunday) Best Bloody Mary I've ever had. This is not a typo. Perfection! We only had one because of the very busy day of shopping and dodging Auburn fans that lie ahead but trust that this will be rectified soon. We ordered the Sawmill Gravy with Biscuits and the Vegan Sandwich with fries. Both were incredibly tasty, meaning I ate half of my sandwich and stared longingly at the biscuits and gravy, giving in at the last minute by stealing repeated bites. I'm not vegan, I can do that.The table next to us had some sort of french toast concoction that looked out of this world. (Yes, I was the creeper eye raping your french toast. My apologies.) I'm not a huge fan of sweets, especially at breakfast/brunch time but I'm putting this on the list of things to try. Clearly, a list that will grow along with my waistline. nom nom nom The owner is sweet and greets you in a very genuine way upon entering. Not some 16 year old emo kid that doesn't know how to make eye contact. Score!  The service was a little slow, as mentioned in some other reviews but somehow it just kind of flowed with the laid back feeling of the place. The decor takes shabby chic to a new level and has a very relaxed vibe. Kinda makes you want to smoke a big fatty and drink mimosas all day long. Not that I've ever done that...  Places like this make me happy that I live where I do instead of the dreaded 'burbs'. It's nice to see parts of downtown flourish and I will continue to support these establishments by way of alcoholism and emotional eating. Especially if someone else is picking up the tab. You have earned a way into my heart Local Breeze!
5	Love Love Love! The patio is where its at. And don't leave your animal at home... they're invited too!
4	We went back here the other weekend, and I have to say that I like it more and more each time I go.  Others in our party felt the exact same way.  The food is nothing extraordinary, but it's solidly good.  The atmosphere is great.  And, finally, I can confirm that their bloody marys are delicious.  I am glad to see this place downtown and doing well, and I plan to come back again and again.
4	The fact that Local Breeze and I share an alley is probably #1 on my list of why I love living where I do in Downtown Phoenix.  It's actually Local Breeze Patio Cafe, so let's start there.  You'd be hard pressed to find a better patio in Phoenix.  I've eaten here at all times of the year and they manage to keep the outdoor temperatures perfect.  Fire pits when it's cold  and large outdoor air conditioners when it's hot moderate the temperatures amidst a lush, green oasis.  A full outdoor bar and all the comfortable seating arrangements  make this a perfect hang out spot for a group.  I can't wait till downtown builds up some more, making this hideaway an even more special place. Inside is a little spartan, but the local artist's works on the  walls tells you this place is right in tune with Downtown Phoenix.  The front of house is a bit shaky, but they compensate with a friendly staff.  I usually save the review of the bathroom till the end, but you MUST see it.  I don't know of another restaurant where I would actually ask the server to show you the opposite gender's room.  Left over from Palatte, they are jaw-droppingly beautiful walk-in functional art projects that must be seen to be believed.  I'm not a breakfast person by nature, but I will seriously stay up so I can get it here.   Breakfast here is easily the best I've had, beating Matt's Big Breakfast by a longshot.   The bread put all others to shame--extremely generous and as good as you would expect for being baked in house.   The country potatoes are an 11/10.  The challah is a meal in and of itself.  I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  I've had about three-quarters of it and the Fire Island is the best so far.  That being said, they lose their 5th star largely because the spicy dishes just aren't spicy.  I've talked about it with the owner--it's spicy for the "average person," who I'm guessing is a lot like my mom who starts sweating midway through a mild curry dish.   Upon their advice, I've asked to kick it up a notch or two on the spicy marinated sandwich, and it just didn't work out the way I wanted.   The one thing that could have the kick here I was looking for is the Atomic burger, which I guess wasn't made right--a big bite there was getting there, a big bite elsewhere put me in tears.    Still damn good tho.Come to Local Breeze hungry.  I once gorged on 5 lbs of stroganoff over an hour and a half once, finishing it off and still a bit hungry.  But Local Breeze is what tuned me into quality food--food that's actually good for you.  Most things I get here turn into two meals which is perfect as I'm on a budget like everyone else.    Three freaking hours after eating three-quarters of Sid's tuna sandwich and some of the salad, I'm still stuffed.  I don't know how the hell they do it.  They unfortunately don't have draft beer here, but the bottled selection is generous.  I'm not big into liquor, but I've obviously had enough of it in my day, and just like their breakfast Local Breeze gets best in the city for their house cocktails--they're just that well made.  One is easily enough for most people.  I can drink like a rhinoceros and having two means a great night.  I need this place to be open as much as possible because I wouldn't know what to do without it.  Literally.  I can't cook and hate driving, so I come here as often as possible.  But since Pita Jungle opened up, business has been slow at Local Breeze.  They've reduced their hours and I'm genuinely worried for my solid fixture of the Roosevelt neighborhood.  I am eagerly anticipating their new dinner menu and hope it's just what reminds all of Phoenix's foodies that Local Breeze is a good part of what make our downtown dining scene the best in the Valley.  9/10.
5	I meet a friend here for Saturday brunch. I never had heard of local breeze but the second I got here I couldn't believe I hadn't been here before. It is so cute!!! The patio and outside eating area is one of the best patio areas in Phoenix. To start with, we split a carafe of white wine sangria and it was perfect for a lazy saturday on the patio. I had the fire island eggs with the country potatoes. The country potatoes were really good. They were cooked perfect and had red and green peppers and just the right amount of purple onion. The fire island eggs had chicken with cream cheese and green chilis on top of there homemade pizza crust and then eggs on to of that! So decadent but very delicious. As if that wasn't enough deliciousness,  they bring you a homemade cookie with your check at the end. This place is great and I can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner.
3	OK. I've given Local Breeze a few tries now. Last time was for brunch. Husband and I both ordered egg-white omelettes, the healthful aspect of which was completely negated by the gallon of oil that our plates were swimming in. Every time I eat at LB, I leave feeling heavy, bloated, and greasy. Ease up, dudes...I love your patio, but probably won't be back until your menu gets a fresh update. It's too bad, because it's a great location with great service.
3	I'll admit it, I did not want to like this place because it took Palate away. But we went for Saturday dinner and I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised. I thought it was going to be super cheesy (really... with a name like Local Breeze?! Really?!) Thank goodness there was no Jimmy Buffett playing or we would've gotten the heck outta dodge. The music was good, but the atmosphere was missing something. Oh, and people. It was missing people. The place was practically empty! On a Saturday night. Uh oh. Too bad, cause the patio is really nice and they offer s'more makings over their fire pit (what... $7 is a bargain for that...right?) There is also a bean bag toss game (thank goodness for free) with a bar right next to it ($5 Kiltlifters... hmm...) This place has potential, but needs to work out the kinks. Why the bathroom is dirty when the restaurant is empty is beyond me. Seriously guys, are you too busy to clean that up? The food: The pork chops were a miss compared to everything else ordered. The tilapia (lemon) was yummy and the broccoli was perfection. The lavosh was solid to start. The fish tacos were good. The clear winner of the night was the Fire Island sandwich. It was freaking good and I will be back for it. Hopefully there will be other people there as well.
4	Delicious breakfasting with quaint outside seating feels like you're down one of the side streets in Santa Barbara not downtown Phoenix. Hungry hangover size portions means plenty of leftovers for dinner later if that's your thing but it's so yummy you might finish it all on the spot.Rumor has it they make a dinner to match their breakfast feats, can't wait to try it out!
4	I've been here twice for brunch and really enjoyed it. The Veggie Island breakfast was delicious, good coffee, and prompt friendly service.
4	Local Breeze is a great place to have some drinks outside and a solid bite to eat! Their burgers are great, breakfast is wonderful and the drinks are very tasty.  We live nearby and even had our engagement party here.  They went out of their way to set up the outdoor bar area for us and it was a wonderful experience!  The atmosphere is very relaxing and we have even walked there with our daughter and played bean bags while having a drink.  The service has been consistently good.  A great gem in Downtown!
2	I usually go to Local Breeze for breakfast.  This First Friday, we rode our bikes over for dinner.  Our original destination was Cibo, but they were slammed.  Plus, there was nowhere to lock up our bikes.  We headed around the corner to Local Breeze, and were told there would be a 45 minute wait.  Hey, at least they're bike-friendly!  There were several empty tables.  I asked about them, and was told "those are tables without servers."We sat at one of those tables, grabbed the New Times,  went to the bar for drinks, and waited.  I'd say it was more like 20-30 minutes until we were seated.    We ordered the firecracker shrimp appetizer, which we all loved.  We sopped up as much of the flavorful sauce as possible with the included French bread.  Our only complaint was the uneven number of shrimp...11.  If there were 12, it would be evenly distributed to groups of 2, 3, 4, or 6...seems like a no-brainer.  Two of us ordered the Ahi Tuna Salad, and one ordered the Ribeye with Gorgonzola.  When our food arrived, the presentation was impressive.  However, the actual food left a lot to be desired.  My friend ordered her steak medium, and it was just too bloody for her taste.  She finally decided to send it back.  Our salads looked lovely, but the tuna was not at all seared.  It was a little raw in the middle, with none of the savory goodness of a well-cooked piece of fish.  While the greens were very fresh and tender, we both felt there was too much roasted red pepper on top of them.  Roasted red pepper is a wonderful accent, but more is not necessarily better.  The salad was supposed to come with a wasabi aioli, which we did not see anywhere on our plates.  The cilantro lime dressing was fantastic.  I would've been happier with less quantity and more quality.
1	I and my five friends will NOT return after our treatment last night.  I made reservations for a Saturday night, early as I had another engagement afterwards.  We waited for a long time to get our drinks, then we flagged down the waitress to order.  We waited.  After a while we flagged down the waitress and she told us there was a big party of 20.  (The restaurant was only half filled.) After one hour, I inquired with the manager (who turned out to be the owner of the establishment) as to the wait.  He said, sort of dismissively, "yes, yes, free drinks and appetizers.."  We waited a little longer and my boyfriend inquired.  The owner was aggressive with my boyfriend and told us we should leave.  We left, 2 hours later (no joke), and we still hadn't eaten.
4	Found this place the other day, had breakfast there. Really nice folks, service was good, just a tad slow, and the prices are a tinny bit much for what it is...On the flip side, the food is awesome, portions are good size, atmosphere is nice, it is a night place, but good during the day also...Totally great place close to downtown.If you are looking for a cute place that's a tab pricey, then this is it...Good luck, have fun and be safe
2	Underwhelmed.Let's start with the positives - nice patio, good drink menu, friendly service.Negatives- I tried Local Breeze shortly after it opened and really liked it. However, I returned recently to find a changed menu and mediocre food. The current menu is a mish mosh of steaks, lavosh pizzas, and random sandwiches. I couldn't quite make the connection, and I found the taste just so-so. With so many great restaurant options downtown, this would not be my first choice.
4	Foods good, their salads are good atmosphere is grand drinks are grand i like the patio area, there is a bar outside, and its a nice place to sit and chill with some drinks.
5	We went here last night for a late dinner and some beers and had AMAZING service!I knew I wanted to try the lavosh, but was a bit bummed when I saw that the only vegetarian one was covered in olives (bleh).  The "LB Special" sounded tasty, with a bit of a Mexican theme but had bacon on it.  We asked the waitress to substitute the bacon for anything the chef wanted - as long as it wasn't olives (or meat). The chef personally came out to talk to us about what wanted on the lavosh instead!  Beans? Yes.  Chilies? Yes.  Onions?  Yes.  Pico?  Yes!!  It was awesome! Instead of getting bacon, we got four delish veg-friendly toppings for the same price.  They were overly accommodating with our vegetarian diet and I really appreciated that the chef came out to talk to us about what he could do with the lavosh.  Oh and it was delicious, by the way!
5	The food and service far exceeded my expectations. And, that is saying something considering I took an out-of-town client there. The fruit, veggie omlette and pumpernickle toast were outstanding. The only drawback is they don't open until 9 a.m.
4	After passing by another breakfast place only to find a ton of people waiting for a table, we decided not to wait and head somewhere else. Local Breeze is located on a residential street in what once was a house. We arrived and were seated immediately outside on the patio.  I really felt like I was dining in someone's backyard. It was so inviting and relaxing with the bustle of happy diners surrounding us. The brunch menu has many items to choose from, it was hard to decide. Especially after reading about the french toast, but I passed the french toast and opted for some bacon and eggs. Served with country potatoes, homemade bread and jam. It was delicious! We were told that many ingredients are sourced locally. The eggs tasted incredibly fresh and the bacon, was excellent. Cut fairly thick, it was cooked to perfection. The potatoes were yummy as was the homemade bread. Hubby opted for the Bourbon & Cola Cured Ham, White Cheddar Omelet and it was equally delicious. The ham had the perfect balance of salty and sweet. The coffee was also great, nice and strong. Dish after dish that we watched being served looked better than the next, my only regret is that we didn't get to try their other food. Between the atmosphere, service and food, it was a perfect way to end our trip before heading to the airport.
4	I had drinks here with friends for a private party after an event at the Phx Art Museum. Local Breeze catered with some delicious pizza, veggie trays, hummus and pita. I will definitely be returning to try out the Sunday brunch. Most of the restaurant is outdoors and the patio area are comfortable and pleasant. There is an outdoor bar, friendly staff, and I thought the design of the bathroom was really cool. They are dog friendly so that is a major bonus for me, cant wait to go back.
4	Local Breeze is a sweet place! Somehow actually has is breezy in downtown phoenix as well! They have great food, excellent breakfast, good drinks and beer and a huge outdoor patio. This really is a great little gem just outside of the heart of downtown PHX. A short walk from the madness of the downtown 'scene' in a nice little neighborhood that people actually live in! Its cool.Also bring your bike and you get a discount!
1	Please Don't Go Here...i came to local breeze with the intention of treating myself to a HH drink and maybe dinner. there were a few people at the bar, including an off duty manager.  I was set on  a cocktail so I ordered immediately from a very rude bartender who took her time and expressed no interest in serving me.  I sat at a patio table a few feet away from the host stand and the bar and drank my drink. it was a mojito and was incredibly salty... either the glass was not washed or the bartender was confused.  anyway, i had intended on also eating dinner, but after finishing my book, I realized an hour had passed and i had received no service.  i sat for a while longer... and no one came to help me.  I could hear the off-duty manger flirting with some girls at the bar, and another manager (owner?) was at the host stand just feet away from me.  i approached the manager (owner?) and asked for my bill.  he got the bar tender.  I paid, and FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE (after many years of serving and managing restaurants) DID NOT TIP.  I have been a server on and off for nearly 10 years, and this is in the TOP TWO WORST RESTAURANTS I HAVE EVER BEEN.  i decided to share my experience with the mgr/owner and he literally shrugged his shoulders and said sorry.  i left almost in tears.  i had every intention of enjoying myself and spending some hard-earned money on a nice experience, and was disappointed and dismissed.  I hope your experience is better than mine, but I wanted to share about the bad drinks, poor customer service, and disengaged management
4	Why this Cen Pho girl loves the Local Breeze:  1. Sunday brunch - though admittedly this is the ONLY time I go, so I will admit  my review is biased for the Sunday Funday/Sunday Brunch crowd =) 2. Local Breeze Omelet - goat cheese, roasted asparagus, tomato, basil - need I say more?! 3. Huge patio well covered with umbrellas and misters to keep you cool even on hot days! 4. Location - right behind Cibo, I like that this is downtown and in the residential part of Phoenix.   Just remember to turn west when you see the monsoon art sculpture on Central & Fillmore.  5. Sangria (my advice: go for the red, not white) 6. Works well for big groups and reservations not neededSome other quick info:  Yay: Fire Island Eggs do have a kick and they are delish.   Bananas Foster French Toast - unique twist, pretty yummy!  Intrigued by the coca-cola ham & cheese omelet though I haven't tried it yet, it will be next though - along with the Nutella French Toast (I'll let you know how those work out). Nay: White sangria - I'm a white wine drinker primarily so I was super excited to see this on the menu, but don't love it.  Sticking with the red.   Spiced cottage cheese.   Just didn't do it for me.  But, I will say that my mom loved it so we'll call that one up in the air for now. If you want to earn that elusive 5th star dear Local Breeze, here are my suggestions: -change your name!  Local Breeze?  really?  what's that all about?  It's local.  Not so breezy.  We do live in AZ after all. -not sure about the hours yet - I've gone twice and it's been closed.  My fault for not checking, but it was during prime dining times.  Odd-send your wait staff to server bootcamp.  It's been hit or miss with our servers.  One couldn't figure out who could possibly have ordered a drink.  There were 3 of us at the table, 2 with full drinks. Who could it possibly be that needs a drink?  perhaps the only one at the table without a drink?  Nevermind the fact that the same server took his order no more than 5 minutes before.  Servers also incorrectly charged on on two separate occasions.  Annoying! All in all though, I love the concept, great location, interesting menu, fantastic patio.   And this is definitely a place where you can have a leisurely dining experience - I've never felt rushed, it's spacious so you don't feel like you are taking up prime real estate (don't worry LB we'll still be drinking so you aren't losing $$ on us!).  Definitely an advantage over some of the smaller local places in the area.   All in all, very excited about this place and hope others are too!
4	Enjoyed Saturday brunch at Local Breeze.  The service was really friendly and prompt.  We were able to sit out on the patio and they do a great job keeping it shaded since it is getting warmer.  While I'm not in love with their dinner menu, I think they do great job with brunch. It's a nice place for a morning brunch on the weekends or a cocktail in the late afternoon.
5	Great place for an afternoon lunch on the patio!  They had the misters going and umbrellas up.  The drink menu had a lot of local brews on it as well.  Portions of food were great!  Service was great as well!  We'll be back again soon!
2	Underwhelmed. Perhaps it's my fault for having high expectations based on others' reviews and based on the veg friendly menu. Plus I had my heart set on adding another joint to my "dog friendly" collection of hang outs. But I left wishing for better food, better drinks and a smaller bill.The hummus was dry and a bit chalky. The pita was stale. The white balsamic "vinaigrette" was viscous and had some seriously strong onion business going on. The fish and fries were decent - my dining companion admitted they were very well prepared albeit with maybe a pat or 2 of too much butter. The "seasoned vegetables" as listed on the menu was misleading - I took that to mean a plural variety of vegetables. But it meant a whole head of broccoli. Mmk. The cucumber martini was gross, that's as objective as I can put it. Sour? In a cucumber martini? I thought that might be a typo for Sake. But it turned out to be a good way to ruin 3 oz of vodka and a plump refreshing slice of cucumber.The service was ok, the atmosphere was alright. But I didn't feel the food or drink were priced appropriately for the quality. The menu looks so lovely with all it's meatless fare and fresh sounding ingredients, but I felt a kind of emptiness after dining here. One that no french fry alone can fill. Would I return? If it were not my decision, I would return to meet friends here or attend an event. And I will order something else on the menu with full hopes of a new and better impression. But the impression I got from this meal was "recession, I guess they must be feeling it in the kitchen too."
1	Back to my belief that service needs to weigh heaviest on expectations in the "service industry," I've got to share an experience at Local Breeze from a recent visit.  My friend ordered a salad without the bacon, but the kitchen apparently missed this request and made it the normal way.Fair enough.... accidents happen. But as we then tried getting the server's attention to fix the situation, he was less than responsive. Finally, after my friend had picked around at her salad for a while and the rest of us finished our meals, the waiter insisted on bringing a new salad. My friend declined the replacement since it had already taken so long and asked, instead, that it be removed from the check. After much ado from the service staff/manager, this was the agreed upon solution.But when the check came, there was a miscellaneous charge of $6.... That was for the portion of the salad that our friend ate. Serious!?!?!? The restaurant would not back down from this position, so they got our $6 and will not likely get another dime. Ever.Too bad... Local Breeze otherwise seems like a nice place with decent food. If only they were better at being a restaurant, I would fully support them.
4	Bananas Foster French Toast and Mimosas on the patio...OMG this alone was worth the trip. We will be back!!! The service was great.
1	Well we tried to come back..Went back this am for brunch. 8:15AM. NOT OPEN!!!  So disappointed! Signs posted say open
4	I have been in Phx 3.5 months but I've heard about Local Breeze from a friend, from the Internets, and from Daily Deal. Best patio in Phx, I'm there!My boyfriend and I headed here after we hiked Camelback Mountain. We were nearly brain dead and in desperate need of food. Our server was friendly and attentive and the food was better than expected. I ordered the shrimp tacos, which were messy, but damn tasty. My bf ordered the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger and he loved it. The fresh squeezed lemonade I had also hit the spot. We'll have to make ti back for Sunday brunch with mimosas. Well done Local Breeze, well done.
4	Local Breeze is great open-air joint to grab a burger and a brew--just as long as you leave plenty of time between your visit and that next appointment. You haven't lived until you try the BBQ burger with a Mexican Coke.
4	This was my husband and iIs first time here but I can tell ya we are probably going to make a regular stop- our massge therapist (The Art of Touch) is literally across the street so it is super easy for us. Lunch and a massage? Yes please!I had been craving Ahi Tuna so I had their Ahi Tuna sammy which although messy was good and totally hit the spot. I also liked their hand cut fries which were just a bit salty for my taste but other than that were pretty good. My husband got the eggs benedict which they were happy to serve even though we missed the brunch hours. They use a bernaise instead of a hollidaise sauce and filet instead of ham. My husband was taken aback at first but with each bite found it more interesting. I should note he is a huge eggs benny snob and it is his quest to find the best eggs benedict in AZ (so fas Scrambled in Phx and The Barking Frog in Sedona are the faves).It was hot so we didn't sit on the patio but by looking at it I can see it as a super cool place to hang out in cooler weather and I am for sure coming back to try the dessert- I am a sucker for red velvet cake and was crushed I was too full to have some this trip- next time dessert first!All in all a good experience and I love to support the local joints so yay from me!
5	Local breeze is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  My bf and I go all the time for brunch, and they also have really good burgers too.  My favorite part about this place is that they have a dog friendly patio.  They usually bring the dogs little dog bowls with water and sometimes even a cookie!  Try the coca cola ham omelet for brunch....AH-MAZING!
5	I went to Local Breeze for the first time last weekend. I have to admit that I was way more excited about seeing the friends I was meeting than anything I had read about the restaurant. The name sort of struck me as sort of odd for a downtown Phoenix restaurant. Don't know why.But...I don't think so any longer! We drive up and I immediately love this joint. Friendly staff and a wonderful space. The house in which the kitchen resides is beautiful in a rustic yet refined sort of way if that is possible. :) But it is the patio where we sat. Open, dog friendly and comfortable, it was perfect. Then you get to the menu....and I see that they have Fire Island and Rocky Point eggs! Turns out that a former member of Pischke's Paradise works their and has put these items on the menu. I thought they were lost to me forever! I would go back just for these two items (Fire Island Eggs in particular), but there is so much more. So glad to have tried this place!
4	Go for brunch and sit outside, just not when it's 112 degrees. Large portions and very tasty. They won't seat you unless everyone is there so make sure you don't have a super late person or you will just be standing at the front being very hungry.
2	I wrote a rave review for this in 2009 but since then I have had many bad experiences.  I will not go here for lunch anymore - the service is inexplicably slow and unfriendly, and it has caused embarrassment when I bring work lunch meetings here.  They charge for every soda refill but do not tell you until you get the bill.On the other hand, their breakfasts are very reasonably priced and delicious.  So my new policy is to only go here before 11 am.
5	breakfast. BREAKFAST. breakfast. Wow. Reasonable prices, gigantic portions and mouth watering recipes.  I don't recall the exact name of my meal choice, but it was something along the lines of "southwest veggies", which included a flatbread smothered with hummus and topped with eggs, black beans and veggies.  It was mouth watering.  I also snatched a little of the boy's omelet when he wasn't looking - equally delicious. The ambiance was cute.  A quaint little restaurant in a residential district a few blocks from DT.  The house was renovated into a restaurant and the courtyard and outside bar was a perfect way to spend a Sunday morning drinking a bloody mary. I wish I had more time during my stay to try everything on the menu.  Let's just say - if I were a Phoenician - this would be my local breeze!
5	YUMMY! OK so I live 2 blocks away from this place and I pass by it all the time and I've always wondered whats going on in that place and why is it always so packed? I'd never cared to try it because I believed it to be all patio but little did I know of the awesome inside dining area. my favorite neighborhood breakfast spot was Matt's Big Breakfast but sorry Matt the line @ your place today blew me right into Local Breeze, and in my opinion is the real "BIG BREAKFAST" and is now my new neighborhood place for breakfast. I had "The Plate" 2 eggs cooked to order atop a hearty pile of freshly made potatoes O'Brien and 4 big pieces bacon with freshly baked buttermilk biscuit served with what looked like homemade preserves. I had the nerve to also order a half order of apple brandy french toast... omg if that was a half order lord help me! The total experience @ Local Breeze was absolutely delicious and right in my backyard... I can't wait to go back and yes it was about $20 for myself alone but with those portions and flavor it's well worth it!
4	I met some friends here and I had a really good time. The service was slow, but I think the food was worth it.
2	Not sure if this place has lost it's touch or it might be that the surrounding spots are getting better.  I almost wrote this review on the last visit and hesitated because as you can tell I do frequent this spot. I have been disappointed with the food, today I ordered the Eggs Benedict and there was a problem with the consistency.  One filet was cooked well and the other was medium.  I ordered them medium rare! There attempt at poached eggs were also bad as they both had fully cooked yolks. :( Lastly the English muffin was hard, maybe more bernaise would have helped. For 16 bucks this needs to have more quality and flavor instead I am here debating why I need to return.  Not classy San Diego
4	Local Breeze is one of our favorite spots here in downtown. The place is seriously low key and reminds me of grad school in Austin. The food is great. But I would stick to something on some type of bread. The salads aren't bad . . . but I am definitely not a fan of the combinations of food in the salads. I love that they open the door for your when you are coming and going, it just says Hi welcome to our place and thank you for coming. That makes me want to go back. Really looking forward to Fall/Winter so we can go back to sitting on the patio. Good job guys keep it up . . . and come out with some better salads. Oh and the portions are HUGE. I usually have to take half home. . . and I'm not a small girl.
1	OMG!  We went just for drinks and the sand bag game outside.  A gin and tonic was $10.00!  Four people six drinks later and one sand bag game ...I left there paying $70.00 tip included!!!  Way too much money, I wont order from there again:(
4	came cause of the yelp reviews and i was looking for a location between scottsdale and glendale. it's kind of a random location...I had to follow the directions super closely but i feel like lots of places in phoenix are like that. local breeze has a really big and cute outdoor patio. perfect now that the weather is cooling off :)came here for brunch and everything on the menu looked really good but i went with the local breeze omelet. The portions are hugee! the biscuit i got was so warm and fluffy! my egg tasted a little overcooked/dry but everything else was great. the perfect amount of goat cheese, asparagus, etc.it's kind of far from where i live so i don't think i would make a special trip out here, but glad i checked it out!
2	Average food.  Poor service.We were visiting our son at ASU and this place was recommended by my brother-in-law who lives in the area.  I would call it a "trendy" place in an old house (registered historic site) just outside of the downtown core in Phoenix.  Parking is on the street.  Lock your car.We went for Sunday brunch.  The food was ok to good.  My son and I had a marinated steak sandwich which was moderately spicy/flavorful.  My daughter had a Caeser Salad which was good.  My wife had a brunch type sandwich with eggs that she described as "uh, ok".I'd have given the place 3 stars but the service really disappointed.  While everyone was pleasant, we were ignored on several occasions.  At one point I thought we must have been invisible.  The busser brought us water right away and then we sat...and sat...and sat.  Finally we asked the hostess if there was someone assigned to our table.  She went off to check and came back and told us the waitress didn't know we were there.  Nice.  The waitress finally arrived and didn't apologize for making us wait.  That would have been nice to do.  She then took our order and after a short wait, the food arrived.  My wife had asked for some ranch dressing. It didn't show.  We waited a few minutes.  Finally, we flagged down another waitress (as ours was nowhere to be seen) and asked her if she could bring us some ranch dressing.  After staring at me like I was asking for gold or a unicorn she said "sure".  We never saw her or the ranch dressing again.  Finally, our waitress came back when we were about 90% done eating and asked if everything was ok.  I asked my wife if she still wanted the ranch dressing.  Too late.  "Oh, I forgot" was the reply from the waitress.If you want to feel like you're in a trendy spot, this is perhaps the place.  But, based on our experience, we'll not go back when were in the area again.  The place seems to be more full of itself and focused on being trendy than paying attention to its customers.
2	First off I noticed that the patio was huge, a large open space.  Kind of nice, but it doesn't look like they have done anything too spectacular with it.  The waiter was nice and friendly, but overall not a great server.  I didn't even get my drink until after a 20 minute wait and I had to ask for it again.  I ordered a bacon cheese burger, which was huge, but overall fell short of flavor.  The fries were kind of boring and soggy.  As I complained to my girlfriend about how many pickles were put on my burger (7-8), she pulls a pickle out of her eggs.  What the hell, lol.  Shortly after that, the waiter noticed that there were a ton of red peppers left on our friends plate.  I guess the kitchen didn't get her food right either, she asked for no peppers.  The waiter had taken the drinks off the bill, which was nice.  But he should have taken her meal off the bill.  I wasn't impressed with the food or service.  This place lacks consistency, according to all these reviews.
2	Local breeze is purgatory for a bar. Doesn't have any direction and has no idea what it wants to be. Food and service are inconsistent along with hours of operation. Has so much potential considering the beautiful patio space. Maybe live music on weekends or some tvs for watching football...? Ok pick something. Food is circling the drain. This local is done with it. Yuk. There are other patio games in town.
4	Met a friend for lunch and sat on the patio.  The atmosphere was very relaxing and comfortable. The service was prompt and friendly. I had the steak sandwich and with fries that reminded me of the fries my mother used to make for me. Very enjoyable experience - only drawback was lack of close parking.
2	The BF and I went here this morning after thinking about trying this place for awhile. Let me start by saying that in order to look at their menu online you need to download adobe reader and even then, no prices are listed. That was my first semi complaint, but I figured it would be good, so I shouldn't worry too much about that. So we got there at around noon and the place is cute, big patio and all. We were seated and got water from the very nice bus boy who works there. Our waiter came by and we both ordered coffee, I got the fire island eggs and the BF got the biscuits and gravy. When we got our coffee we were assured that the food would be out shortly. Well...I don't know what shortly means to them, but we waited a good 20 minutes or so for our food. Not so awesome. The BF's coffee was empty for about 10 minutes of this time with no offer to refill and no one around to ask. We get our food and mine was alright...it's chicken in a cream cheese semi spicy sauce on 'pizza' bread (kind of thick...not really crusty, but whatever). The flavor was just very one dimensional and the dish got boring after the first few bites....it was kind of too rich, which isn't something I would generally say. The BF's biscuits and gravy were not good. He said they tasted like a pizza hut meat lover's pizza. The biscuits were not light or flaky and the gravy was just one note...spicy. Plus, the gravy tasted the same as the potatoes that came with it (kind of like peppers)....so it was a big plate of one flavor, and not even a very good flavor. Additionally, and not necessarily the restaurant's fault, there were tons of flies around....they kept landing on our cups and it was somewhat annoying...maybe the trash needs to be taken out more often? Or maybe it's because people had their dogs at this restaurant, which I think is somewhat gross...I don't know, just not so pleasant. So the waiter comes by and takes the plates away and then we sit and wait...and wait...and wait for our check. I don't really understand this because I would think that he would have wanted the check as soon as possible, but maybe he knew he did a poor job and had given up on our table. Either way, after ten more minutes or so we got the check and paid cash to avoid the inevitable long wait if paying with a credit card. The total was 27$...that's pretty pricey considering the quality of this meal...feels like a waste of money to me. So if you like having all of your food taste like peppers and that's it and over paying for that experience....this is the place for you, otherwise, I'd say skip this place.
5	If grandma comes to town and tells you a place reminds HER of Key West, you know it's legit.  But I didn't need that sort of confirmation.At first I wouldn't be caught dead eating anything other than the bananas foster french toast (and trust me, someone at your table NEEDS to get this dish - don't worry, the full size order is way more than enough to share).  But then, one day, I tried something else - the Local Breeze Omlet... whoa!  Scrambled eggs, Proscuitto, Goat Cheese, Asparagus, Tomato, Basil galore.In the mood for lunch?  Just go for anything on the menu.  Salads, burgers, sandwiches... just point to something and you'll be pleased no matter what.But the best suggestion I can give on this place is go for the weekend brunch.  You'll be glad you did.  And I feel obligated to share this secret, since I just learned of it this weekend myself...  Rocky Point eggs (trust me on this one).Full disclosure: they stop serving breakfast foods around 11am.  DO NOT MISS THIS DEADLINE!  Also, although good, I would skip the sangria (and don't expect an $8 value out of your $8 mimosa).Be sure to check out the bathroom before you go (go before you go?), it's pretty cool, like the rest of the place.  And, 10% discount if you ride your bike on the weekends.  Are you heading to Local Breeze yet?
5	Best French toast ever! Love love love the brunch here! Great atmosphere!
5	Coffee smells great and tasted even better!!! LOVED the challah bread french toast.  My friend and I shared the apple with brandy and it was simply the best EVER!!!!  It's HUGE and so tasty with coffee that it made our day!  The bacon was cooked perfectly (crispy, not greasy, smoky, hickory, sweet/tangy) and liked the eggs too.  Great place for breakfast!!!!  They also have a firepit with great seating outside.  Too bad it was a bit chilly but we enjoyed eating inside and looking out the windows.  Lots of natural light and friendly staff.
4	I live right down from the street and you this place might possibly be the best brunch place in all of Phoenix. Their modern take on the food they serve is delicious and adventurous. From the house to the absolutely amazing patio, you can't miss at this place. The employees and owner are great people that are always there to serve you right when you need them. The only problem I have is that their drinks are as expensive as their food. They do use mostly top shelf liquors.
1	I was just here this morning and it was all closed up :(
5	I'm compelled to rate this place even though it's closed, on the hope that whatever restaurant lands here will take a cue from them.  I also hope that if the owner or staff ever check this they know that this restaurant will be missed, and I'm sure I'm not the only one to think that.I've eaten here more than any other restaurant in Phoenix I think, I love to check out new places so a location really has to knock it out of the park for me to want to become a regular.The service was always spot on.  They had the craziest designed bathrooms.  The owner was always on site making sure that things were going smoothly.  The cajun chicken pasta was killer!  The burger on an english muffin with BBQ sauce blew my socks off!  The Georgia Peach Tea drink was delicious and packed quite a punch.As you drift off into the sunset Local Breeze, I wish you well!  I'll miss you!!!!
5	WHAAAAAAAT????  They closed?  SUCH a huge bummer.   I've been known to drive down from Metro Center to eat there.  Such a great breakfast and LOVED that my dog could join me there.  Sorry to see you go!
4	I loved to come downtown for the awesome breakfast choices with the potatoes smothered with dofino cheese and also stop after work for the best in town cucumber martinis!  Can I stop by and pick up a park bench or the corn hole game?  It will be my best keep sake at home of your wonderful place.   It was always fun to have an out of town guest check out the unique restroom too. Jan
4	I first came here to celebrate a baby shower and was really impressed so I brought the husband and eventually the in-laws. We even attended a retirement party on the patio, which is open and inviting. Local Breeze was such a great venue to relax at and enjoy food with family and friends. We've had breakfast, lunch, and dinner here - all of them fantastic. They had great omelets, fantastic sandwiches, and killer mojitos. I'm sad this place closed! It's such a good location and I always felt at home here.
