4	First time coming here. They've been open for less than a week and I would have never known unless they hadn't told me. I had an almost hour long pedicure which is so rare! What a treat this place is. The staff is very sweet. Polish colors are updated for the season and great brands like OPI, essie, etc. This is the place to come for a truly pampering experience.
5	Nice and clean!!!!!!
5	Friendly service, very sanitary, great prices and great nails design
5	Ann, Tracy and their family started a chic and hip nail studio on the West side of town ! I had been going to them for years over by Cost Co at Cave Creek and the 101.They use the best products, are reasonable in price and are true artist.  This is a fun place to get your nails done or get waxed.  It is their Grand Opening so I  received 10% off. They have a bar (like a dry bar) to sit at while the stylist works on your nails, very modern.  All is new and fresh.  I really like their work!  They are worth the drive from Scottsdale.
5	Best in the Valley for mani/pedis!!!  This is s family run business who strives on top rate customer service!  I highly recommend!!!
5	I am so happy this place opened! I have not enjoyed any of the other salons around and this place is great. It's clean, comfortable and also affordable. All the technicians are very nice and the manager truly cares. Their pedicures are great and they do a hot towel and hot stones after the leg massage!
5	I moved here 3 months ago and have struggled with finding a decent nail spa. This one takes the first place prize. I don't think I've ever had a better pedicure. Hot stone massage with all pedicures. Super accommodating, kind, offered me water, asked me how much time I had in case my mani and pedi didn't need to be done at the same time. Very very professional and CLEAN!!  Get over here and get the best service in North Phoenix!
5	I moved from Mesa to Glendale. I was looking for a nail shop to get my brows & pedi I found this place on Yelp!. It had good reviews so I decide to try them. I'm glad I went their service was awesome and super nice staff
5	Yet another great experience! Even more updated polishes and options. The girls are very thorough and detail oriented which is even better!
5	Once again, I'm impressed. I have always thought of getting my nails done as a task...something to scratch off the to-do list. This place makes it an experience. And I look forward to ADDING this to my to-do list now. Finally enjoyable and relaxing. Great job ladies. Thank you!  Impeccable places like yours are so hard to find.
5	Great salon! Very relaxing and you do not feel rushed through.   Tracy is wonderful ! I highly recommend!
5	Yippee I found the best girls in North Phoenix.  Definitely stop in and see Ann, Tracy or Victoria for your holiday nails.
5	This place is awesome! There aren't many aces in the area that do quality work. The atmosphere is relaxing and the employees are very nice! Request Ann to do your nails- she's the best!! :)
1	I'm sorry to be the 1st unhappy review, but darn, my toes, still hurt. my mom, daughter and I went 2 days ago for pedicures. Thankfully my mom and daughters experience was much better then mine they had nice ladies and a good job. The lady I had tore my toes up, it was the worst pedicure I've ever had, i get gel on my toes, because my nails are weak and split alot. The lady went to remove the gel used a new nail file on my little toes, that scrub thing, then picked it off with the clipper thing and almost rip my nail off thankfully she realized it was my nail and not polish, she keep looking at the clock like she had somewhere else to be. Sorry to say I won't be back and to bad because its so close to my house!
