4	Wing Heaven is located on Durango & Farm/El Capitan right next door to Retro Bakery. I've been pretty excited for this place to open...wings AND seafood! My wife doesn't eat seafood so it's perfect for us. They have a few things to choose from. Traditional and boneless wings, chicken strips, gizzards and a few seafood options...catfish, tilapia, cod & butterfly shrimp. Then they have a bunch of side items like fries, wedges, fried pickles and some other goodies. The menu seems pretty basic at first but they let you use the "seasonings" on pretty much everything so there's a ton of options. Not to mention quite a few wing sauces.We went with lemon pepper wings, honey heaven wings, old-bay catfish and some sides...fried pickles and bacon cheddar wedges. The wings were cooked pretty dang close to perfect and had a nice crispy texture on the outside. The honey heaven which came as a suggestion from the owner is killer! It's kinda sweet and tangy but it has a little kick to it. The catfish was also really good, not too heavy on the seasoning and fried a nice golden brown. Sides were awesome. Real bacon on the wedges! Fried pickles with decent batter and not all soggy! And they have Kool-Aid! What's not to love?!Kinda teetering on 4.5 stars with this place. They are take out only so don't come prepared to sit and eat. Even though we live close, the hot food in a bag made my catfish get a little soggy which in all honesty was the only flaw in the food for me. Everything was tasty, they have excellent customer service, a super friendly staff and the prices are more then reasonable. I dug it! Wing Heaven will be seeing me quite a bit!
5	My new favorite place to eat!! Best comfort food!! Gizzards are delicious !! Mac & cheese are the best!!! Pick your seasons on Ur food!!! Thank Heaven for Wing Heaven!!
5	I'm a wing lover and decided to try this place out. Glad I did. Great tasting wings. The staff was great too. Will be back!!
2	The catfish nuggets were just ok. The fried shrimp was typical frozen grocery store shrimp. I was very unimpressed. I would like to go back to try the wings which are the main attraction here. Hopefully they will live up to my expectations. I also look forward to trying the kool aid. The prices were quite high for the quality, also. Will revise once I've tried the infamous wings.
4	This place is amazing great service and super good food the wings are amazing the fish is amazing you have to try it
4	If you want great wings, this is the place to go. I went for the classic hot but they had a huge variety of sauces to choose from. Had the fries and fried pickles. They were good as well. We will definitely be back.
3	I tried the Caribbean jerk - ok, honey BBQ- above average, and the garlic parmesan- great flavor but a little dry, service was friendly and food came out fast, but for the price it should have been amazing. It would have been about the same price to have gone down the road to Buffalo Wild Wings and somebody would have served it to me. Also, no sides included - ranch, carrot, celery, which I would have expected at the price, maybe they supply if you ask and I falsely assumed they would throw in. Will try again, but might have to wait for coupons or a deal
2	Honestly, I love supporting small businesses whenever they open in our city of Las Vegas, but if you do please come with your game correct!  Wing Heaven was just a letdown.  The concept is great, wings, fish, other fried delights.  But where Wing Heaven fails is in the execution of it all.  Just not what you would expect for a newer establishment.  I just couldn't give this place more stars if I tried.  If it was better when they first opened, then Wing Heaven should get back on the straight and narrow soon to keep patrons coming in at a good clip.  Wing Heaven was a drive for us, a bit out of the way.  Entering the place, it is nice enough.  No tables if you plan on eating here, just a few stools and a flat screen TV or two for you to catch up on sports while you wait for your order.  And boy, did we WAIT.  It was a weekend night and it wasn't busy at all in the store.  There was one other couple ordering at the time.  1) We weren't greeted by the owner, or anyone in the place for that matter.  2) After the couple in front of us ordered, the owner and them proceeded to shoot the SH!+ with each other for at least 10 minutes (yes I timed them).  And not once did ANYONE greet us or tell us that they would be right with us.  A bit annoying.  3) When we finally did get to the register to place our order, the owner wasn't exactly friendly or welcoming with the wifey and I in his place.  Could be just that's his demeanor, but still, you want my continued business, please at least FAKE a smile to show some effort.  I got the whiff that his food was gonna speak for itself, so I figure I would just give it a chance.We thought about the catfish (but I favor Mario's Westside for that), but ended up going with a pound of fried pollock because it was on special.  The seasoning we chose was Garlic Vinegar.  You know us Filipinos, lovin' our garlic and vinegar like it was salt and pepper.  The real reason we drove down to Wing Heaven was because my wife loves fried gizzards, and this was one of the only places I've heard of that serve them on a regular basis.  So we got a pound of those as well.  Paid, and proceeded to wait while our order was being prepared.  That was a long 10 minutes.  Owner finally warmed up a bit and asked us if we liked cheesecake.  He said he was going to make us a treat to try out.  Yay, some life out of this guy.  A few minutes later we are given a cheesecake bite of sorts with chocolate and raspberry sauce on top.  It was OK.  But I was expecting something a bit more homemade.  These seemed like those cheesecake bites you get from your local warehouse store, just covered up in batter and fried.  Good effort, but wish it was more original.  Glad we were offered it though, it's the only reason I went and gave Wing Heaven another star.Upon our take out order arriving I lifted the bag.  It really seemed LIGHT.  I had to ask behind the counter, "Bro, you sure this fish is a pound?"  Guy says yes.  I did the WRONG thing by just leaving with a "Thanks" and not checking on my order.The wifey and I finally drive back to our side of town and get to sit down to enjoy our meal, and immediately are disappointed.  Our pound of fried fish seemed so measly!  It looks like they included the weight of all the seasonings BEFORE frying!  So sad.  Our fish pieces were so small, and much of our fish order was in tiny bite size pieces.  Just bad!  Lots of batter bits, and not much fish.  The only thing good about this was the Garlic Vinegar seasoning, it gave good tang to what was lackluster fish.  I wish I had remembered to take pics of this, but it was so upsetting I totally disregarded it.  But the wifey can vouch for this fish being just a disappointment.  It came with a tiny condiment container of cole slaw, but that wasn't so tasty either.  Needed more vinegar, and less mayo.  Tartar sauce?  Nothing special.On to the fried gizzards, which were a letdown as well.  Granted, our trip to our eating area wasn't very far, I wasn't expecting our fried items to hold up the greatest because just about everything at Wing Heaven is packed to go (since they have no real eating area in house).  But the gizzards were rubbery!  Like shoe leather rubbery!  It can mean two things - either the gizzards were overcooked OR the gizzards are a frozen-type product and not fresh made.  No amount of Louisiana hot sauce could really save these gizzards from being yummy.  No bueno.About $15 total for our order since we opted to not go the meal route, since it was our first time to Wing Heaven we wanted to feel out the food.  I really hate to say it, but looks like we won't be back anytime soon.  Maybe it was an off day for them, or maybe there are some kinks (one of the cooks seemed to be in training), but I just didn't connect with this place.  I know Wing Heaven specializes in wings but they just don't seem special compared to other wing joints.  Sorry, guys.  Disappointing.  Heaven this is not.
5	Delicious Crunchy Chicken and Fish! LOTS of Flavors to choose from.
5	The food is great.. Had the wings they are fat juicy and the souse is amazing. I have gone back a few times.
1	I'm giving it one star, and that's because the wings were actually DELICIOUS! The reason for my bad review is simple, the customer service sucked! The guy at the register was apparently having a bad day... Lemme rephrase that, bad life! ATTITUDE from the start. I asked how big the wings were, and the guy acted like I was asking for a free sample! Then when I asked to mix and match, I asked if I could have 4 wings in a separate sauce and he snapped at me "we only do in 5's"... Like if I already knew.All in all, the wings were really good! I got the Jerk Sauce and Can honestly say it was very pleasing.Wing Heaven needs to send their employee to a learn some manners. If you don't want to deal with people, get out of the food service industry! I hate to write bad reviews, but this guy really made my first experience at wing heaven a bad experience! At least the wings were good.
4	First of all, let me say the customer service was great, that's what pushed it from 3 stars to 4. I felt like me, Wayne and the other guy (whos name I forget but seemed like a boss?) clicked just fine.The wait was a bit long, maybe 20 minutes, but thats what real fresh food takes. Also, they asked if I like my wings more crisp, and yes I do, so that adds time. Had catfish, perfectly cooked, tartar and slaw was good, not outstanding.Chicken strips were as good as anywhere, easily as good as raising canes or better. Spicy dipping sauce, and what I think was also a spicy ranch? Decent.And a family order of fries and wings. Fries were nice and plump, very good. They get a bit soggy in the styrofoam so you may want to consider serving them in another way.The chicken wings, 10 honey BBQ, yum and 20 scorching. I told these guys you can't make it too hot for me, and they apparently took that as a personal challenge, LOL. Them bas**rds were HOT! By the time I ate them all I was scorching. Actually it was 19 wings as one of them was a bit off, missing most of it's meet. They graciously noticed this and offered me a free Kool-Aid to make up for it (and to eat the offending wing) The Kool-Aid is sweet and yummy. The wings, even before saucing are well seasoned with a bit of cajun rub.40 plus dollars before I left, not exactly cheap, but very very yummy!
5	Went in today to get my gizzard craving satisfied !!! This is the best place to get some gizzards, wings,catfish!! I had a perfect lunch!!!! Toney & his staff are the best!! I don't understand these other bad reviews of customer service. I encourage everyone to try something new there every time !!!!
1	I really hate writing bad reviews for small businesses...esp ones in my neighborhood.  Not that our opinion is life changing or anything dramatic, it's just that I really have high hopes for small businesses, really wanting to find the diamond in the rough...the place no one else has really discovered yet...It took me weeks to decide whether I was actually going to post my review...well here it is :Can't come to a place called Wing Heaven and NOT try the wings first right??I tried the 10 Wings Meal ($12.49): Spicy Garlic, Honey Heaven and a 1/2lb Fries. The flavors were just ok...I did like how crunchy the outsides were though.  The owner (presuming) mentioned that they marinate/batter the wings twice, before the fryer and after, so they get extra crispy and a bit more flavor.  I wasn't overwhelmed with the food flavor though...But the reason the review is so low, was the fact that my chicken wings were NOT FULLY COOKED.I bit into the first one or two and noticed they were a little pink on the inside.  Nothing horrible like blood or super raw, just a bit pink.  Just enough to worry a bit, but my iron stomach was telling me that I would be ok eating a little bit of the "less pink" ones.I started ripping them apart and they were all pretty much the same.  I ate up the wings that I thought were "more cooked" but I ended up getting sick afterwards.  AND for the next 2 days.I am sure I could have went back into the store and asked for him to cook me a new set.  I am sure the customer service would have been great and it would have been done with no issues.But I didn't do that...and I got sick...so we are both to blame.
1	Overpriced! Wings deep fried in old burnt oil! Rude owner. This place us in business for the short run. Instead of providing great food great prices and great management. In turn, the "rude" owner might then have a business that he could actually retire from due to being successful over the long run.
3	I had the catfish & french fries.  The catfish is just average. The fries were exceptionally good with the side of cheese. It's worth going back for in the future.  I had my doubts about the fries but I'm gonna title them the best fries in Vegas. The employees have a attitude problem. They will run good loyal customers away with all they foolishness.  Just uncalled for foolishness & for no good reason. I said I've never been here are your wings good? I was told I don't eat take out. I said ok placed my order & left. Total I give it 3 stars. I will return.
4	I dig me some killer INFERNO WINGS, they make a great sauce on that one!  Hot is good too!   SCORCHERS are my favorite.   10 minute wait as they making anything fried for your little hearts desire, and to feed the beast inside you.  Enjoy this NW Vegas tradition at this location. Wing Heaven@!   You will feel like you are in heaven after eating them and like you are in hell the next day, as you must go back for more....lol  Enjoy!
1	I was very disappointed,  they advertise fresh fried wings and fish, fresh doesn't mean frozen, when ever your products are frozen they simply are not fresh! I ordered The catfish fillets, catfish nuggets and fries, The fries were pretty good and is the only reason that I gave this review one star, The catfish was just okay and nothing special other than the rubbery texture, very mushy inside not flaky at all. I will not waste my time nor my money on another visit. I must add that the staff was very friendly and helpful.Wing Heaven is not the business!
5	Great Fried Shrimp! I didn't know they existed !! The hot & teriyaki wings ARE SOOO GOOD!! Friendly service too
4	Wings are always really good here! Spicy BBQ is so good! Staff is friendly, and and always very helpful.
3	1st time tried this place was so so. Glad I gave them a 2nd try. Had the catfish, hot wings and cheese sticks. Catfish was really good. Picked seasonings I would use, was very tasty. Hot wings were perfect. Hubby had most of them..will def have to order more next time. Will be back..
2	Had the spicy garlic wings and mozzarella sticks. I was shortened on my wings, paid for a 10 piece, and I only got 9. The sauce is more oily than traditional sauces. The mozzarella sticks were over cooked, and all of the cheese spilled out of the breading. Even if they were cooked correctly, wouldn't recommend them. Your marinara sauce will come cold, I was told it's because it's canned and can't be kept warm, because they don't sell a lot of it. I was offered a free replacement to fix my order, but I never went back. Just didn't want to unfortunately.
1	well i just called to place a to-go order and was turned away because they stop taking orders at 8:30, even though i called right on the dot.... they dont close for another half hour... THAT already put a bad taste in my mouth.. so much for a new place in the area...THANKS BUT NO THANK!
4	These wings are great! I had the honey heaven flavor with fries and a mixed koolaid.  Everything was delicious. The place was clean and the staff was very friendly. Thank you wing heaven for a great experience.
4	I was encouraged to return to this location by management. And I'm thankful for the invite to return. This chicken is good. This fish is better! The fries are even best. This place got another star out of me. The spices they use are unexpectedly good. I will return again today and I'm looking forward to the crunchy spicy goodness that's slap yo mama goodness!
5	Best chicken wings I've ever had!  The experience was great too.  We were greeted with a smile and were asked if it was our first time there.  The owner, cant remember his name, told us not to order anything until we tried the chicken wings.  He cooked two chicken wings and let us make the decision if we wanted to eat there or not.  Of course they were amazing, and we did.  Try this place out, you wont be dissapointed!!
3	I used to love Mom's when it was at this location and had high hopes for the replacement. I was not disappointed, nice menu and very convenient for carry out. The food is good with a nice selection of flavors and the wings are big, prices are okay and pretty much the same as BWW. Only bad thing I could say about the place was the staff, the guy who took my order wasn't the friendliest but I'll try again and see if there's an improvement. He might've just been having a bad day.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars because, being here on vacation for 2 months and craving wings especially that it's only 5min away is great. Been to wings heaven 3x already, my first experience was great wings tasted great a bit salty but not overwhelming.  2nd time I ordered the same thing Hot/lemon pepper and hot wasn't hot and lemon pepper ehh wasn't there! 3rd time I ordered it again and mannnnnn, they were salty! I tried drenching it in ranch but that didn't help. So I called the next day talked to the Manager/owner Tony Miller and he was great! Very helpful and he cooked a batch without the flavor for me to try then seasoned it and asked me if it needed more. He gave me my full order of 50 wings on the house. I recommend this place but make sure to let them know to be lite on the seasoning!
1	I went in tonight for some fast dinner. Big mistake! First off, the place is very dirty and smells as though they haven't changed the grease in a long time, judging by the teenagers behind the counter, my guess is that it is lack of knowledge. Second, they were very rude and unprofessional. But I was hungry so I soldiered on. Then I got home only to open up what I thought was a joke! It wasn't.. The boneless wings are actually nuggets, and at 1.00 a piece, I felt very short changed. Then the over whelming smell of fish( in my wings box) hit my nose. I couldn't even bring myself to try them. This place should and probably will be closed very shortly. What a horrible experience and waste of $10.00. I highly recommend you drive the extra 2 miles south to Buffalo Wild Wings and get what you pay for at least. As a hard working mother of 4, I would highly recommend spending your money somewhere else. Very disappointed.. And hungry.
3	I went for the second time last night. My first visit was good as the wings were nice and crispy, yet juicy and spiced just right (I don't like sauces). Last night was a little disappointing. The owner was at the register when I walked up. He was busy pushing buttons on the cash register for a good minute then looked up at me, backed up, looked to his employee and pointed at me. No greeting to a paying customer???I placed my order and waited for my wings. I was Pleased when they were done, but they forgot my boneless wings so they had to drop them in the fryer. 10 minutes later they were done and I left and went home (around the corner). My wings were just warm having sat in the styrofoam container and they were not crisp as they steamed themselves having been in the container so long. They did taste good though, but I like them crispy. My boneless wings were cooked to a crisp, way over cooked. They were so bad I threw them away. So in my experience it's 50-50.
5	Great wings! Angel and the gentleman (sorry I didn't catch your name) gave amazing customer service and really hustled today.  Thank you guys for a fun tasty dinner!
1	Ordered to go. They forgot to put it in the dipping sauce as I have requested. The wings were okay. Not as good as I was hoping for. The fries were soggy. T I've had better food and service. Not coming back.
4	My husband loves their wings, we haven't tried anything else. The wings are always freshly made and flavorful. I will also admit I despise Kool Aid, but they have an all flavor combo that is great with or without vodka lol.
3	We wanted to try something new and we usually get a sampling before we form an opinion and this was no exception. The staff was nice enough, the boneless wings were fully cooked and very crispy. The garlic parmesan was tasty, but thats about it. The dry seasonings were good but not a fan of the sauces. They didn't mark which wings were which on the containers so we spent 10 minutes trying to figure everything out.The honey heaven sauce was weirdly overwhelmed with pepper, the teriyaki sauce tasted more light straight soy sauce, the bourbon sauce was way too sweet, and the fried mushrooms had zero flavor.I'd go back with someone who was wanting to go but wouldn't go out of my way to go back on my own.
2	Walked in for a small bite to eat and saw all kinds of fried stuff. Wings fish (multiple species), shrimp gizzards etc.  I was about to get some of the gizzards but the lady working there said it was wing day.I looked at all their 19 sauces decided to go with sweet and sour, very bland and 3 of the 5 wings were undercooked. Normally I'd eat them but they were far from being done.  So I won't go back!
1	Fish was not seasoned and was overcooked. Fries were bland.  I've eaten here several times and the quality of the food is never consistent. Money wasted...
5	I go to this place at least once a week! The catfish and shrimp are always fried to perfection. Don't miss out!!!
