3	It's a little bit strange that for a place that has the word 'bakery' in it, their bakery goods are not very good. Forget about ordering anything at night, by then everything has been sitting out for a millennia and has become chewy and hard. Pray tell us what shall we order? The saving graces are the mac and cheese (white cheddar over shells, so gooey!), and the tomato and mozzarella on ciabatta. Normally I never get real excited about anything but this is fresh, hot, gooey, and with the right amount of sun-dried tomato pesto in it. Kind of tastes like you are eating a spicy chorizo sandwich, if such a thing existed.
3	I don't understand all these negative reviews. When I walked in the servers were nice and helpful. My son ordered the Cesar salad and then after it was made asked for chicken and the server was nice and friendly. No issues with the service here. I had the turkey cranberry sandwich. It was fresh and I thought it was really good. My son had the Cesar salad and broccoli and cheddar soup. The salad was fresh and good. The soup was ok. Not great. Overall I thought this place was good but they do have the best cookies.
2	Its hard to review this place because it lacks in customer service but has great food.  Whats really annoying about this place is their separate stations.  One station for salads where the salad people cant talk to you unless you are ordering a salad and a sandwich section where you guessed it.  LOL you better be ordering a sandwich or they are gonna get pissed!  Sounds hilarious oh and it is but this does happen and I am sure that it hasnt just happened to both me and my husband a few times.  Anyway only because we made the grave mistake of speaking to the sandwich guy who told us we had to speak to the salad guy standing right next to him have we ever really had a problem with this place.  That vibe has been going on awhile and I feel it at every single Paradise I visit so its obviously a problem management should look into.  I think it might be appropriate to have cross trained people that can help you whether you order a salad, a cookie, or a sandwich.  Know what I mean?  Anyway the food is the only reason this place survives I love the Fuji apple turkey salad and it happens to have the lowest calories which is awesome since its the best.  My husband likes the steak and blue cheese salad and it is freakin good.  Lately we have been getting a couple cookies and the chocolate chip with coconut on top is the best.
5	Ok! OK!  . . . Coffee and pastries are definitely my idea of a little bit of heaven-on-earth. But the coffee must be fresh and strong and the pastries must be made with the soft hands of knowledge and care.  One simply cannot throw together a good cup of joe; nor can a delicious melt-in-your -mouth pastry be dropped from heaven without a bakery angel watching over the careful assembly of ingredients. The ultimate goal must be a gastronomic paradise . . . . with rich dark coffee to balance out the sweetness . . . oh, wait, that's Paradise! On my way! Meet you there?
2	I am originally from the eastern side of the states.  I am accustomed to Panera Bread. When I moved to Phoenix, I was saddened to learn that there are no Panera Breads in Arizona, only the generic Paradise Bakeries.  I had heard that Paradise Bakery is owned by Panera, but it is no where as good as Panera.  Their ingredients lack quality and it seems like you have to pay a lot more for the specialty sandwiches and salads than you would at Panera. I ordered the "pick 2". I informed the lady taking my order that I wanted to stay within the $6.99 price (its more if you choose specialty items), but I was confused by the menu and I unknowingly ordered a more expensive sandwich.  When I went to go pay, they told me a higher price and I was confused.  The lady (Christine/a) seemed very annoyed with me when I tried to change my order. Over all, she was very unfriendly and she seemed like she really did not like her job.  I specified I wanted mayo on my sandwich, which I did not get and so I had to go back to the counter and bug someone for mayo (there was none laying out to conveniently take).  The guy I asked had to tell another guy that I needed mayo and they acted like it was some grand task. The sandwich was just a slab of deli turkey meat and lettuce on white bread. As part of the "pick 2" I also got the Caesar salad.  It was a large serving but the dressing they used was horrible. This is not an isolated incident.  I have been to Paradise a few times before, and I have never had an impressive experience.
2	I wish I could rate it higher because the girl was very nice to help me however the selection was lacking today and the wait was super long. There were zero brownie bites available and only one box of carrot bites. And two ready made boxes of cookies and only one plain bagel...I'm on the run most days and need quick fresh treats available and typically can get my needs met here.
1	First -I don't know where all the previous reviews have gone because I've reviewed this place AT LEAST twice since the location actually opened.  That was about a couple years ago now.Service here has gone downhill, or else they just have better employees with more social skills and customer service skills at different times of the day.  Seriously folks, I went in there to place a to go order and Dana and a couple guys at the counter just stare at us.  No one said, "what can we start for you?" or "how can I help you?" -NOTHING.So since they just stood there in a state of stupor, and I knew already one menu item that I needed to order I siimply told them.  It did seem to register because I was finally asked "half or full?"...Then she asks if it's for here or to go and I told her to go.My guest gave them his order, and then I had a difficult time making up my mind about what I wanted when it occured to me that the last sandwich I had here was one that had roast beef on it.  So I figured I would ask how much roast beef is on that specific sandwich.  Fortunately the manager (?) is nearby and after I repeat the question again I get an answer.I decide on my sandwich and after all of that I am still seeing gapping mouths and blank stares from everyone, except the manager type person, that's behind the counter.Seriously, because I asked a trick question or something?Da-yum, my behavior threw them for a loop.  Oy vay kiddos, I already knew we were gonna have problems in the future but just didn't realize how bad it would be.Hmmm, thinking I'm gonna make a call.
5	.
2	Food was good. Cookie was great. Service was awful. Young workers who stand around and wait. Thank goodness for the one person who decided to work today.
2	Sandwiches are overpriced. Especially for how shitty they are.  I mean, what kind of asshole ruins a Cuban sandwich with sweet pickles?  The soup I got was decent, but nearly $15 for a bad sandwich, soup and a small soft drink is a rip off.
3	I really. Like the roasted tomato soup had that & a chicken Caesar salad. Nice portion size, friendly staff who took time with customers. Their portion sizes are larger than Wildflower Cafe across the street.
5	I absolutely love this place! The cookies are to die for and they have a lot of comfort food and healthy food!
3	It's pretty much what you'd expect, weak coffee and all. That said, It's a perfectly bland corporate-looking setting for late morning studying, which is the only reason I keep coming back for more.
1	Terrible service, and the inside was unclean. I have been to other locations numerous times and have never experienced anything like this. A real shame.
3	Gotta say there has been significant improvement here.  Greeted upon approach to counter and they're prepared to take our order.  I think they know us.  Is that good or bad?Manager was apologetic about the snafu from our prior visit and its likely she recognized us from that evening.Sandwich was prepared and we were asked if there may be a desire for extra condiments.  Very attentive.  A salad for me and wouldn't you know, I have questions about something I've never had.  A breakdown of the menu item and I decided it sounded like what I wanted for dinner.Overall a VERY pleasant dining experience.Thank you Paradise.
5	Thank you Salad Guy tonight!! Sorry I didn't get your name but I know it was around 8pm and you were super helpful because I haven't been in for a while and the new menu threw me off and you made some great recommendations. I'm just finishing my Greek with chicken and you rock for throwing in 5 or 6 pepperchinis! The last time I asked for "extra" (at another location) I got 1 more. Thanks for the great customer service!
5	Thanks for not being Starbucks or Panera. Starbucks brew too strong Panera makes watery coffee. This place has choices.  I prefer light roast an really fresh!yummy treats and healthy food choices.  Glad I found it. Will come here whenever I visit the area.
1	Out of rolls, out of flatbread, out of toilet paper in the ladies room and only 745pm
2	I love Paradise Bakery and eat there often, it has been hard having some locations close and change names. My friend and I met at Paradise Bakery and were shocked at how rude an employee Jenna was to the other staff working. When you are rude to other people it reflects bad on you. Jenna, you need to take a BE NICE class.
5	Best cookies of all time.  Everything is good.  Mango iced tea, soft bread for sandwiches, amazing salads, coffee muffins and fast service.
