3	This place is new since I last lived in Pittsburgh - it's huge!  But totally one of those big, canned, Irish bars.  It was relatively empty this snowy Friday afternoon - and service was slow.  There were a couple special requests, nothing outlandish, that they just couldn't get right.They do have a "build a hoagie/salad" checklist, which was ok.  For a Catholic during lent, it was hard to find anything without meat - or without fries or cheese, for those watching their figures.  I got a sub with portobello, roasted reds, onions, oil & vinegar.  It was dry and the mushrooms were salty.The chips however, were amazing!  Homemade with a hint of BBQ.  I'm not a big fan of chips, but for some reason, I couldn't stop eating them!
4	I had to plan a bachelor party in Pittsburgh without ever having actually been there, and McFaddens saved my butt.We wanted to find a bar that would allow us somewhat of a 'private event' for a few hours on Saturday afternoon, and McFaddens was the perfect choice.  The staff was super helpful both during the planning stages and during the actual event.  The prices were very reasonable and the food and drinks were exactly what we asked for.The crowd was barely picking up by the time we left, but we interacted with some of the locals and it seemed like a cool place to hang out.  I don't know what midnight on a Friday is like, but if you're planning a small gathering and want you and your guests taken care of in impeccable fashion, I'd highly recommend McFaddens.
1	If there were negative stars I'd have to use them for the lunch service.I work next door and our internal cafe shut down forcing us to find food in the neighborhood.  There's seldom more than 10 customers in the huge pub at lunch.  With that many customers you'd think that they could serve up a salad pretty quick wouldn't you?  Well don't get your hopes up.For a salad that is a decent size you have to wait long enough that the cook could have harvested the contents from a victory garden, in the next county!  The wait staff is perfect for something like a bachelor's party but if that's what you're looking for you might as well go to Hooters.  The foods faster and the atmosphere isn't trying to be something it's not.  As an Irish Pub the only thing they've gotten right is the name.  The food's not Irish, The Guiness is flat and the Bar keep looks at you funny if you ask for a Black and Tan.  Since when did a "Blue Moon" become a staple at an Irish Pub?The people are friendly though, I hope they get better management so they can become a true Irish Pub.  You can never have enough of them.
1	Terrible service, average food.I understand how service would be slow before a pirate game, but since their right next to the ballpark you might think they would plan for it.  The place was not even half full, and it took forever to get served.  It takes time to cook dinners of course, but it took 20 minutes to get a coke, then it came in a little dixie cup.  The waiter had to be reminded 4 times before he remembered to get a drink for one girl at our table.  I won't be back.
4	me and my wife ate there for lunch. plenty of flat screens and seating. we ordered the fish sandwich and cheesesteak sandwich. both were very good and the portions were right for the price. we walked out of there 30 bucks lighter and that included a healthy tip.  they re closed on sundays which is odd for a sports bar a half a block from heinz field. but overall good experience and hope to visit again soon.
5	Went here to watch the Winter classic because tickets were absurd.  Located right next to Heins field, this place rocks.  Dude man that runs the joint is friendly, and the bartenders are fun as hell.  They know how to party.  Certainly a great venue during all Pittsburgh sporting events. Prices are reasonable
2	This place is a drinking establishment first, dance club second, restaurant and quality of food is last. Basically if you've drank too much, go ahead and start soaking up some of that alcohol with a basic burger, wings or what have you. The place is huge, lots of Televisions, big dance floor and plenty of overly expensive alcohol. There are better places in Pittsburgh or on the North Shore to eat and drink.
1	Terrible food and filled with drunks.  Not my bag.
3	Went to a Pirate Game and this place looked to be going off on a Friday night so we strolled in afterward.  Good atmosphere lots of young people as it turned out a bus load from Morgantown West Virginia had came down to party.  All and all a decent scene, had fun and met alot of other people from out of town.  Everyone was pretty wasted and there was lots of dancing going on with all the college kids.
2	I mean....it is what it is.  A bar, that's on the North Shore, by the stadium.  'Nough said, right?  Ok, maybe not....The food, unremarkable.  The drinks, you know...normal offerings.  The chick bartenders, dressed to impress...the dudes.  I wish there was more to say or better yet, more to do on the North Shore, but it just hasn't happened yet.  I'm waiting...I'll be here.  You know where to find me!
3	Okay place to spend some time before a Pirates game. It can be hot in there when crowded but they have decent specials.
1	Awful would be a compliment. Terrible service explains a huge empty bar beside a baseball stadium before a game.
1	Was there last Saturday afternoon. Not many people in the bar. Music was way too loud (or am I just getting old?). Disappointed that the only healthy option on the menu (an appetizer of chopped veggies and low fat ranch) weren't really served with low fat ranch. And the steamed veggies with my meal were loaded with butter, although the prep notes only mention "steamed" to make me think it's a "good for you" choice.
3	I recently visited McFadden's for work, on a Sunday, during a Steelers game.While I was there, the bartenders were awesome. Very prompt, and friendly. We also had the chance to eat while we were there and while the food was pretty awesome, the service was slow, and this was even before the crowd for the Steelers game came in. Around 11:30 am, the place was so packed with crazy Steelers fans you could barely move. It was shoulder to should, but so much fun. Most of the people that were there were also going to the game, so around 1 pm most of the crowd had cleared.All in all, it was a good visit and I wouldn't mind going back sometime on a weeknight to enjoy the environment a little more.
3	Spacious bar for groupsDance on the bar, or just watchEasy to blackout
1	2 bartenders on after the baseball game and one server watching the wings game on the tv the whole night,   took us 20 mins to get a drink and then when i ordered 5 shot of washington apples  i was charged 42$ for 5 of them!! really?  seems high,  and she poured the extra shot in a cup for a friend 4 seats down from me!     i asked the server how much those shots are  she said 7 $ each    so 7 times 5  is $35  not $42  i ask the manager about it,,   he told me he would check it out and she probably hit the button on the screen one time extra by accident  but she was never over by the computer the whole time i ordered drinks or paid!!  umm so she never rang it up while i was standing there!   the manager never came back to me, he avoided me the rest of the time over 30 mins   so we got up and left!    never be back AGAIN!!   bartender and the manager dont care! just after youre cash   stealing from the bar!
1	Went here for some food and a drink or two. The food was well below average and the drinks were pretty bad as well. I got a vodka and sprite. Basically got a watered down sprite.... I mean how do you mess up a vodka and sprite.  Some else with me got a margarita and said it tasted like margarita mix that's it. We didn't even finish our meals. Instead we left and went to the supermarket and got some food to take back to the hotel room. I feel bad to say it was simply horrible.
3	It was just OK.Never thought I'd say this but the place seemed to be TOO big for the amount of people. My highlight of the Pittsburge trip was seeing the bride to be of a bachellorette party fall of the bar while dancing. LMAOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
4	Good-sized spot & close to the ballpark. Both pluses. Decent amount of taps. Food was pretty good-they have good portion sizes.We had a good time when there, but it was never very busy and seems like people must not like to hit it up after games.
2	I had a great first experience here- the service was quick and friendly, food and drinks were good as well!  Unfortunately, I came back again with a slightly larger group, and they said that we would be charged extra for having a party of 8 or more and that the bill would not be able to be split......There was literally no one else in the entire restaurant.  We expressed that we didn't have cash so we wouldn't be able to split the bill.  Needless to say they let us walk out and lost 9 customers. For the record our waiter was very nice. It was the manager enforcing the policy.
1	Worst service I've ever gotten. Barely any alcohol in any of my friends or my drinks. And, worst of all, an ex-bartender who worked there tried to hit on my friends and I. When we rejected him, he dropped his drink by accident then laughed, dropped ours, then told the "security" or guy workers that it was our fault and got us all kicked out! The one man grabbed my neck and led me outside, forcing me to stand in 24 degree weather while I waited for my friends. I pleaded to at least stay in the vestibule and he refused. Unbelievable, disrespectful and unnecessarily cruel. They treat women like shit, pleading for them to dance on bars because "our parents won't find out". Trust me, my mom is all about me being sexy, but not me being taken advantage of by power hungry, domineering men. Gross! Dont go there. There are no hot men to hit on anyway.
2	The drinks are cheap.  That's the nicest thing I have to say.  It's a bro bar right by the stadiums, so standards can't really be too high.  The food is awful, the service is really bad, the drinks are domestic...but It is what it is.
3	An okay bar next to the stadiums in Pittsburgh.  They have a decent selection of beer and while the special beer is decently priced the normal beer (Coors, Miller, Bud, etc.) is not, it is quite expensive for Pittsburgh.When there is not a home game the place can be pretty empty but when there is a home game it is packed with people and can be pretty fun.  There is also a relatively large outside area with views on Downtown and the river.I would go here only if there was something going on on the North Shore, otherwise, there are much better bars/restaurants to go to in Pittsburgh than here.
2	Wish I'd read some previous reviews before I went here. If there isn't an event in the area go someplace else. Food was OK. If you want dinner in an empty warehouse this is the place to go. Service was OK but not great.
3	To say I don't remember a goddamn thing about this place would be a semi-true statement.  Went on a Saturday night before the casino with some of my friends and we are all in medical school so it was an eclectic bunch.  Greek, Colombian, Ethiopian, Indian.  It was like the United Nations descended on yinzburgh.  I grew up in California and have never felt so distinctly Chinese in my life.  Lubed ourselves up with alcohol, started browning out somewhere near 11pm, told a girl I had escaped from North Korea and taught myself perfect English while in the labor camps.  Sorry, if you're reading this.  I grew up in Fremont CA and I feel terrible, but not because I went to McFaddens
1	Seriously some of the worst bartenders in the burgh. Do you not want my money, instead just bs and stand around in groups and talk.
2	The sound level wasn't too loud, and the service at the bar was fairly prompt and friendly (although one female bartender insisted on cracking her gum very loudly and frequently which I found unprofessional and rude).  Unfortunately, the food was absolutely terrible.  The crab dip tasted like lighter fluid and the bread that came with it was bland and dry. The total bill for one appetizer and two beers came to an outrageous $27 before tip. I don't recommend this place at all.
3	look - this is a kinda divey bar right next to PNC park. loud music indoors. no idea of the food, but the drink poors are decent gievn the prices. We loved the outdoor area and acoustic guitar player.
2	Wish I had read some of these reviews before I actually went there. Whatever the system is that they try to use to run this place, it doesn't work. The food was fine, once it came and was correct. The service was mostly bad-but was done with a smile. We went before a Pirates game on a Tuesday evening, expecting a crowd but it really wasn't overly crowded. The young lady seating us went out of her way to get us a table. That was about the end of the good service, unfortunately. We waited for 10 minutes before our presence was even acknowledged by our "waitress", when she said she would be right back. Another 5 minutes or so go by and she finally comes back to take our orders. It took 10 more minutes just to get our drinks.  Our appetizer never came, and one (out of two) orders was not right when the food did get served...35 minutes later. It was hot and pretty good. But sorry, a fried fish sandwich and a burger shouldn't take 35 minutes. Add on to that the fact that another drink was ordered, which also never came. And BTW-the drinks were just coke.
5	This place was a nice surprise in our trip to Pittsburgh. We were in town for my buddy's bachelor party and after the game we decided to stop in here since it was right next to the stadium.We got there about 9pm on a Saturday and it was very casual and not very busy.. yet. We were hanging out drinking watching some sports on TV and slowly but steadily the place starts filling up, the lights go down and a pretty good DJ starts spinning. Within an hour the place was packed with people dancing everywhere and having a good time. There were people packing the dance floor and others dancing on top of the bar. At one point the staff was on top of the bar pouring shots into people's mouths. I did not complain. I heard they started charging a cover after we got there. Also noticed there were one or two bachelorette parties being celebrated at the same time.The bartender was also very helpful. As we were drinking we told her about the bachelor party and she got the manager to approve giving us wristbands which allowed us to drink for half off while the bachelor was free! What a great gesture for us and our wallets.This place really turned the party into a blast.
2	This place was pretty awful.  We only went here because the friends we were meeting made the choice.First, it is insanely loud.  Like hurting your ear drums loud.  There was absoutely no reason for it.  It isn't a dance club at 5:30 in the afternoon. You are trying to eat a meal and have to shout to actually talk to your dining companions.  They were clearly targeting men with the way the servers were all dressed.  Two of them were actually showing butt cheek.  Our server was very attentive until she noticed that the three guys with us all had wedding rings on.  Then she was basically MIA for most of the evening.  We saw the shot girls and miller light girls more than we saw our server.Food was mediocre at best.  I didn't expect anything outstanding, but it was clear most of the items were purely frozen items that were reheated.  We waited quite a bit (but they were busy) but two people's orders were cold. It was pretty obvious it had been out for a while and the server didn't pick it up for whatever reason.Perhaps the most egregious thing was the prices.  I get it is a bar near the stadiums, so the entree prices were high but not unacceptable.  However, I asked for extra celery and was told there would be a $3 charge.  Three dollars for four pieces of celery?!  Extra blue cheese was also insanely over priced.  Most places will give you celery for free or maybe charge fifty cents.  But three dollars?!  And when I questioned the price the server said "does that mean you don't want it?  It's not that expensive"If you are a 21-25 year old single male, maybe you would enjoy this place.  Otherwise, stay away.
2	Caught a Bucco game here recently, tried the Kilmore Quay Crab Dip ($9), which the bartender complimented as, "the favorite menu item." Nothing else really looked appetizing, but I wasn't exactly hangry. It was indeed a delicious snack! I had about 3 mixed drinks & they were okay. The bill was more than it should have been. I could have walked across the street & enjoyed the Bucco game live AND had 3 drinks at the ballpark (ain't cheap!) for the same price. I've had a dinner here before as well, & it wasn't a meal to brag about or re-do.All in all, it's a bar, next to PNC Park, with a lot of flatscreen tvs. So if you want to catch a game, with drinks, go for it. Just eat elsewhere.
1	Dead empty on a Thursday during happy hour before the Steelers game.  Just a couple guys playing video games.  Sign outside mentions $1 miller lites on Thursdays.  Except we found out that wasn't until 9pm.  And happy hour didn't start until 5:30 so until then Miller Lites were $6.  The bar looked nice inside but the bartender couldn't be bothered.  No thanks, 1 miller lite and left.
2	Stopped in here before the Steelers game last night. Overall, nothing special, nothing terrible. The floor was unusually sticky everywhere. They had a nice patio area, and the whole place is very wide open. Next time I go to Pittsburgh I'll take my chances elsewhere. Again, nothing was terrible, but there wasn't anything special about the place, or anything that gives you a reason to want to comeback.
