4	Friendly staff, good selection and prices. I was lucky enough to catch the anniversary sale; my niece (who's unnaturally lucky) got a scratch-off discount card for %50, which I then proceeded to use to buy hundreds of dollars of necessities for my new apartment.
4	I am always met by a friendly staff and yesterday was no exception.  I decided to paint two refurbished bathrooms and went to the right place.  I   picked up a set of paint card options and returned with my choice.  The paint was mixed while I was helped by at least 3 people showing me masking options and drop cloths.  I commented I had some wall paper to repair and was shown what to use.   After the paint was mixed I was helped to select the right paint brush and how to care for the brush after use.  All in all a painless experience with some items on sale.  Now all I need is the initiative to start the job...
4	There's nothing like a good hardware store to a guy like me (born and raised on the cattle ranch long before the era of Lowes and Home Depot).Maybe they don't have everything, but they have reasonable facsimile of everything. And if they don't have the thing you need, they have a guy who can help you find it...sort of the hardware internet equivalent, before the  real interwebs was created by Al Gore.Paul's Ace Hardware is a pretty good old line hardware store and it's just about perfect for what I need, now that I am no longer landed gentry and live in the high rise world (OK, it's Old Town Scottsdale...at best we can aspire to "mid-rise").I call the building if it's something building and big, My Handyman if it's something inside and not so big, and very occasionally, I remember the part of my persona that has built a couple of houses, several barns, rebuilt more cars than I care to think about and pretty much any appliance or machine you can name, and I climb on my bike (it's little too far to walk), and go to Paul's to get what I need to fix something.I save myself time, money and I guess I still get a little satisfaction out of fixing something (I swore I wouldn't do that anymore when we moved back to town, but I guess you really can't get the friggin' country out of the boy).Paul's Ace Hardware, it's the Ace Hardware chain, but with a local owner. They probably have what you need.
4	Why was I here?  I have to seek assistance & bug the helpful Ace hardware man (John) who pretty much thought I was clueless.  Oh well, at least I got my answers for the home repair questions I usually don't have time to deal with...  I even bought stuff & was thrilled I spied a 50% off coupon they have hanging  by the front of the store.  This by the way was one of the largest, neatest & cleanest stores I've seen but I may have to do a tour of Ace hardware's 2B sure.
2	This place sucks! Your helpful place? I think not. I have lived in S. Scottsdale for 4 years now and have been to ace a total of 6 times. The first 4 were Farly pleasant and the staff was helpful, although they didn't go out of their way (I have had better help by the 16 year old at Lowes.) But, this past week I have gone into Ace Hardware 2 times. The first time I asked the door greater for help on a ceiling fan part (I needed to replace the pull switch on the light kit- he pointed me to the light bulb isle. I know I am a girl, but I was not looking for that kind of repair. I found my own way to the electrical isle, figured out what I needed, and paid. Then unfortunately I had to go back to get a second part (I tried Lowes first, but they didn't have it.) I didn't even bother to ask for help this time. I found what I needed and went to check out. After standing in a very long line, I made my way to the cashier. While I was in mid sentence asking her opinion on replacing the part, the phone rang. She didn't hesitate to completely ignore me and pick up the phone. She stayed on the phone with that customer until the transaction was complete and I walked out. Now, if it were a big box store, I would expect that kind of service, but for a company who's slogan is about customer service, I was very disappointed. I will not go back to Ace hardware again.
4	This is one of the two Ace Hardware stores I shop at.  I come to Paul's if I'm stopping by after or during work.  I am in the middle of rearranging/decorating our guest bedroom. After I started moving things around, I realized that the outlet setup in the room is horrible! I needed an extension cord. I made Paul's my first stop yesterday during my lunch hour errands run and pull into the parking lot to see a BBQ going on. I bypass the BBQ tents and head inside. I am greeted and told where I can find the extension cords. Another employee is standing in the isle I need, and asks if i need help. I tell him what I'm looking for and he says, "Well you've found the right isle!" He walked me down the isle and showed me the different selections. After I explained what would be plugged into the cord he pointed me to the Ace brand, which was the least expensive. 6ft cord for less than $2.00. I grabbed 2 and headed up front to checkout. Checkout was quick and the cashier said to make sure I stop by and grab lunch for Contractor Appreciation Day. So, for under $5.00, I got 2 extension cords...and lunch! SCORE! :) I've bought anything and everything here.  From having keys made, glass cut (a new section of pane), to gardening supplies.  This is my during work hours and immediately after work Ace!PS - The guest bedroom is officially in order now! I'm sure J's nephew will appreciate not sleeping on the floor tomorrow night.  LOL
4	Fantastic! The prices may or may not be competitive, but the customer service is AMAZING!! Great job!! Go here first. Lowes sucks!!
1	Staff at checkout is unhelpful. I will drive out of my way to another store. Woman up front did not want to even get out of her chair, and spoke with a nasty smirk.
5	make sure you say yelp for $5 off of your $25 purchase.make sure you buy their $20 worth of products for $10 groupons!make sure you say hi to pat the cashier! she's always so helpful!
4	The staff here are fantastic. I can get nearly everything here that I would get at the mega stores in half the time. The best part is, "Small business is the heartbeat of local communities and the engine of the US economy. Over the past two decades, small businesses created 65 percent of net new jobs. In addition, for every $100 spent in locally owned independent stores, $68 returns to the community through taxes, payroll, and other expenditures." American Express Small Business SaturdayI am a mega store convert!
4	The staff are friendly and very knowledgeable. They were able to confidently help us find the right fuses. Ace even had the Webster duster/spider killer that I hadn't been able to find elsewhere! I was in and out fast.
5	i've never had a problem getting assistance here, except when it's busy, usually on a sat/sun. it's not that far from the house, maybe a mile, so i if i'm in a real bind, i come on by here to pick up some stuff. they've offered groupons here and with those, i've bought some power tools and hardware. ace brand is cheaper price but the quality seems to be just as good!
5	Incredible customer service. If anybody doesn't think so they are probably jerks themselves! I have found that a lot of yelpers are just jerks who use the privacy of the internet to spout off a bunch of crap.
4	I'll be honest hardware stores confuse me. They all seem moderately priced and some people swear by one or another. I go to this one to have keys made. They have a better key making set up than the others. On top of being great at making keys this is a brand new store (they just moved locations) and it's very nice. They went all out for this store and they even have a coffee bar inside which looked pretty darn good.
5	I love my Ace Hardware's! All of them. This one was the nicest I've ever seen. It may help that their offices are next door so Mr Paul may have wanted to make this his flagship location, but again, this is the nicest I've ever seen! The staff there was helpful as always, I wouldn't expect nothing less from an Ace. In addition to being nice inside, it was one of the biggest. Instead of narrow isles, tall shelves, they spaced everything out which meant a little more walking to find what I needed but just enough to make it a line in my Yelp review. I will always drive out of my way to go to an Ace over a Lowe's or Home Depot.  This place also has a Yelp check in offer like my old home town store in Gilbert, spend $25 and get $5 off. That has gotten me to spend more than I planned plenty of times, but not today since I only bought screws.  I'm looking forward to my next project so I can come back in here and shop!
5	I absolutely love Ace stores.  It's a clean store, they are very friendly, helpful and usually have what I need.  The one time they didn't, they researched it (rare item, didn't even find one for sale on the internet) and got back to me in a timely manner.  They weren't able to find the item; but, they found a much more affordable alternative!  :-)  That's worth 5 stars in my book!
4	Super friendly! Went here to buy paint and magnets for my classroom.  There were lots of color options and many different shapes and strengths of magnets.  Also, if you are in the market for some good people watching, this place delivers!
2	ATTENTION DIFFERENT LOCATIONS CHARGE DIFFERENT PRICES AT DIFFERENT LOCATIONS FOR THE SAME ITEMS ! i saw this when I wanted to exchange 4 items at the Scottsdale Rd store. I was told prices are based on zip codes. The amazing part the higher prices are areas see as lower income areas on items of need not luxury .
4	A REAL hardware store.They really do have EVERYTHING here .My only issue is the prices on some things can be high, really high  - like double or more. I understand paying a premium for good service and good selection but don't get carried away on the prices
5	What's this?  Another opportunity to write a review describing how much Lowe's sucks?! I'll take it!Lowe's is basically across the street from my house.  But I zoom on past that monstrosity and keep on cruisin' to Ace, the Helpful Place!It seems they have as many staff members as Lowe's, despite being much smaller in size (perhaps the difference is that these workers are friendly, helpful, AND knowledgeable!).  They have a few checkouts, and none of those stupid self check-outs that never work.  Check-out is fast, super friendly, and efficient.Pricing is a tad more than Lowe's and Home Depot, but it's worth it not to want to murder myself and/or others after having dealt with the morons at Lowe's.  Selection is surprisingly adequate though I do leave my gardening purchases to Home Depot.They usually have a $5 off $25 Yelp check-in offer, and I'm also a frequent recipient of similar coupons in the mail.Many thanks to Paul and his great staff!  THIS is how a neighborhood mom and pop should be run!
4	Since they are a smaller hardware store, they are more personable and helpful in my opinion. I went in looking for some landscape lighting accessories and the male employee (do not remember his name) not only helped me find everything I needed (which was great since I had my infant with me) but also cut 10ft pvc pipe down to 10" increments. He spent quite some time doing it and since the pipe is an inexpensive fixture, he was not financially motivated.  Prices may be slightly higher but you can get personalized service, open stock on screws and such and free popcorn :)
3	I love this Ace!  It's close to my house and they always have a great seasonal selection.  The staff is always friendly, but in my experience they always are friendly at Ace.  I thought that because they were privately owned they would always increase the sticker price of everything.  Negative!  They have pretty great sales most of the time.  I'll be back here when I need something random at my house that I do not have.
5	Re: recent review of Lowe's. When attempting a new project which i frequently do after watching DIY on a daily basis, I DO go to Lowe's/Depot for the big lumber items. But as usual, if i need actual assistance with the details of the project (plumbing, electrical, etc), the big stores absolutely cannot compete with the helpful advice of Pauls Ace. this location is less than a mile from me, so i frequent it daily during project time. There is always, always, always someone there to not only point me where i need to look, but give tips on how to make the project more "correct". Case in point....i was toying with making a bucket waterer for my dog so i wouldn't have to fill her bowl outside without worrying about dirty water or if i got home late. the staff at Paul's Ace walked me to the plumbing section and after i described my hair brained idea, i had small basket of plumbing pieces and he had completely revamped my initial idea so that it actually worked! he even said "take a few extra pieces of this/that size in case you need a bigger/smaller size and just bring the ones you didn't use back to us". Brilliant, right?Ok, so what's next....expanding the master bedroom so the wife can have a walk-in closet???? um, no....even this DIY knows his limitations. But for all my other projects, Ace will continue to trump Lowe's/Depot for customer service.Remember....check in on Yelp and you get 5 bucks off for 25 bucks worth of stuff.
5	Friendly service, reasonable prices, good selection.
5	I bought a small grill so that I could cook fish outside and not stink up my apartment. Took it home after buying a nice piece of salmon and was all excited about a great dinner.  Started assembling the grill and became frustrated as could not match up any screws with the picture directions.  Packed it back up and went back to ACE.  As soon as I walked in the girl at the front offered to help and said she was fairly sure that she could put it together and she did!  She did it quickly and carefully and without judging my lack of expertise at not realizing screws were already attached to other parts and just had to be repositioned. I will always go to this ACE.  Have always liked their paint and household cleaning supplies and this incident just reinforces my feelings.  THEY ARE A WONDERFUL STORE .
4	My experience was they were well established and respected in 1980. They put a guard on my arcadia screen door in 1980 which is as good as new in 2014. Service is not what it was but they have twice moved,  gotten bigger and offer more. Prices seem to be higher but service is sometimes very good. Selection seems more in depth. Nothing has come close in Scottsdale.
5	The best Ace Hardware store around. The staff is plentiful & always helpful with suggestions & helping me find whatever I need, in addition, they educate me regarding products-how to use, prepare & what to expect. A 5 star experience all around.
