5	This location has great customer service. They are honest and don't try to get you to purchase devices you don't need. Clearly explain what is needed and what your options are.
5	I am very grateful for this Firestone. Last week, we had a pretty bad air leak in one of our tires and we were supposed to head home.The waits at the Firestone on Rainbow Rd, one Goodyear, and the local Costco was more than 2 - 3 hours, but amazingly no wait at this one.Henry was our service representative, was kind and courteous. I did not feel like he was trying to sell us unnecessary things, or scare-tactic us into replacing the tires (they were truly very worn). 40 minutes later, tires rotated and replaced. All-in-all very professional and a great experience. Everything looks very new; the waiting area is indeed clean and air conditioned which is a must for Las Vegas. Free coffee, TV, and toys helped to keep all of the family occupied as we waited. Top notch!
5	I came here after a few other tire shops just couldn't seem to get rid of the heavy vibration of my new aftermarket wheels / tires noticeable at any speed over 65mph. The wheels / tires were larger than the OEM on the F-Sport edition, but nothing too crazy and the car was still brand new. Every shops balancer would indicate the tires were on point, so I was starting to think it was coming from the spindles or hubs on the car's drivetrain. This is odd with a new car, so I insisted they balance the tires with forced weight as if they were still mounted on the car. I remembered seeing this it at a trade show where it could get a more accurate reading by actually applying pressure to the tire equivalent to the displaced weight of the car like it was riding on the highway at high speeds.After a bit of research, I found it on the Hunter website and from there it showed what shops in Las Vegas close to me that actually had the Hunter GSP 9700 Road Force Touch installed. Knowing they run about $15K I was not surprised to see most at luxury car dealerships service centers, but I was surprised to see this Firestone location had one of the 3 in the city. That's where I found myself driving quickly to this Firestone shop andirons inquiring how they had one, they said most new store locations will get one installed. I was sure this was the answer, but just in case I opted for the lifetime balancing price which is very reasonable. They had to actually dismount one of the tires according to the computer and once it was remounted along with the other 3, I was good to go. Their report showed all tires were off quite a bit prior to the balance when the other ship said tires were perfectl. I immediately test drove it on the highway and there it was, that smooth ride I remembered, which made me a very satisfied customer to this shop. I will be back and If you are having issues with your tires vibrating, shaking or jumping, let these experts fix you right up. I highly recommend this shop. Thanks guys!
5	Had a 9 am appointment here on Sat/27 Sep:- Got there about 8:30 am and they promptly assisted me.  They gave me a free ride home & picked me up upon conclusion of my car servicing.- It was about 9(?) am until 3:20 pm to do on my 2008 Honda Fit:a) Replace the shocks & struts to Monroe (which I hear is the best brand), sub-total $1,187.46.  Meineke (formerly AutoTech), Goodyear on Sahara, and Firestone on Spring Mountain (independent shop?) quoted me similar prices.b) Oil/filter change, using a synthetic blend (which I guess is better than standard oil), sub-total $19.49.  AutoTech used to have Groupons for dirt-cheap 1 year of unlimited oil changes, but no longer has that promo.c) Brake service, using ceramic brake pads (which I hear is the best type), sub-total $332.97 including the 2 x caliper repairs.  Since my tires were off Firestone waived the $10 brake inspection fee, called me when they determined my calipers were off (uneven wear), I okayed the repair.  I hadn't done any brake work since owning the car from 28k miles to the present 77k miles, so I'm sure Firestone wasn't trying to upsell me an unneeded repair.- Add in the $25 "Shop Supplies," $92.81 in taxes and the final total came out to be $1,658.  I had previously purchase Firestone lifetime alignment service
1	I have used Firestone for many years and on many of the cars I have owned and always had consistent service and all of the workers have been professional, until I stopped into this location for an oil change and to check my car for leaks (as the power steering was clearly leaking) and hopefully get the leak fixed. I also wanted to check one of the tires for a leak (Firestone tires) and get them rotated which is free because I purchased them through Firestone. I got there early in the morning and there was only one man in the waiting room who was getting his car worked on. I asked how long it would be for an oil change and to perform the actions mentioned above. The manager assured me it should only take them 45 minutes, which actually seemed quite long but I agreed. While sitting in the waiting room for TWO HOURS I observed my car being "worked on" the entire time, but the manager was clearly occupied with getting a part for an Audi that I did not see in the bay (I am guessing it was his own car?) as he was constantly going and interrupting the mechanics working on my car after talking on the phone to several businesses about this Audi part. So after waiting two hours I was basically scolded for bringing my car in to them with it low on oil as the manager just kept ranting to me that he can't be held responsible for my car (ummm...isn't that why I came in? The oil?) and that there was a nail in my tire so they put a plug in it. So as he is checking me out in the computer and acting like he is angry with me, he pushes these papers towards me and tells me that I need to sign these which state that I can't hold him responsible if anything bad happens to my car.. So, obviously I am very confused and I ask what they found in regards to the leak that I asked about and he just got more angry with me and said "well how are we supposed to know because it is such a mess that we would have to run a bunch of tests because there are so many problems". So yes, in those two hours they had done nothing but allegedly change my oil and plug up my tire (allegedly). I had money to fix my leak and whatever was wrong with my car. And every time I have visited Firestone in the past and gotten an oil change they do an inspection and tell me what's not working and give me estimates on everything or fix it right there. I got none of that...just an angry manager who made me feel awful and a bunch of papers that say I can't sue them if my car blows up. That being said, I would encourage anyone to never stop here.
5	Although this location is far from me and the Firestone next to my house NEVER wanna work on my car and decides to send me here. I'll say I'm happy they sent me here this location from the moment I walked in I was greeted and helped. No run arounds! I'll be making this my home location! & did I mention they are pet friendly!
5	I am usually skeptical of five star reviews because I think they are from friends or coworkers. I have to say that my experience at this Firestone location blew me away. Sam Oakley greeted me by name, listened to my explanation of what brought me to the store (a failed tire on the I15) and Took care of me in a very courteous manner.I waited for less than an hour while he replaced the faulty tire and put on two new ones. The employees were very informative and I left feeling that Firestone has the best customer service of any tire store. I only wish that I lived closer to Las Vegas so that I could use the store on a regular basis.
5	To be honest, the customer service and service on my car was excellent. I had no issues telling them what I wanted. They made some recommendations, but I went with my factory manual for the miles on my car. They didn't upsell me or try to con me into getting something I didn't need. I'll definitely come back here when am in town.
