4	J'dore Chez Cora! It's the best place in America's hat for some petit dejeuner: wonderful pancakes, homefries, and great orange juice. Plus their logo is this cute little smiley sun. I accidentally imported one of their coffee mugs to America because the little sun way saying "take me to America! American movies come out quicker there!"Always a line, or should I say queue, on weekend mornings due to those Canadian wake and bakers but they have the right idea.
5	Chez Cora...Because sometimes you want an American-sized meal in Montreal.  _C$
5	This is the place to start your day in Montreal! The menu is quite extensive and the portions are huge. I had the crepes du chocolattes et banannes and it was brought out on a platter! My husband enjoyed the French toast made with chocolate brioches which was yummy, but not overly sweet. I am also a fan of their fresh squeezed juice. The prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you get. I look forward to returning to Chez Cora on my next trip to Montreal.
4	Best breakfast place in Montreal, very close from the Sheraton hotel. The food portions are huge but it is so delicious, i'll guarantee there will be no left overs. I had a crepe filled with fruits and nutella cream, by far the best crepe i had...we went back the next day, and food was still delicious but the service seemed extremely slow, i guess they must have been busy. Also, if you don't want to wait to be seated, try arriving between 9 and 10 in the morning, after 10:30, there is a line out the door.
5	What a great place! Loads of fresh fruit, crepes, eggs! Very clean restaurant I loved it
4	What a nice place to come eat at!  It just reminded me of back home, Dallas, Texas.  The only thing that got me by surprise was that they offer Baked Beans for breakfast.  Note:  In Texas, we eat Baked Beans for lunch or dinner usually with BBQ.  So, what the heck!  Why not!?  I tried them with my Bacon && Eggs...they sure were good!  :)  Every time I come visit Montreal...this would be one of the places I'll come back to visit.
