5	Every time we've purchased items from BB&B, we've always felt we got great value. The staff has been always helpful and pleasant, with their store manager a year ago performing a magnificent job, gathering throughout the United States discontinued drapes. Though her efforts, we ended up with drapes for our entire home, on discount, that match our furniture beautifully. Sure, the order required broken shipments from many different locations throughout the U.S., but as the shipping was free, the product was all in excellent shape; that was a small price to pay. And did I mention that the order (10+ locations) was entirely shipped within two weeks time?BB&B also takes orders for purchases of product for college-bound students, having the items available at the store closest to their campus. This saves on space on the initial move of your student's belongings.There are a number of locations throughout Las Vegas. Our favorite is the one on North Decatur, just north of the 215 Beltway.As the holidays are coming up, BB&B is also a great place to get table clothes for round, oval and rectangular tables. There is a size for virtually any table, with or without the extensions being used for additional guests.
3	A-OK.All of BB&B is overpriced, so don't walk into one without a coupon of theirs.  Pretty standard experience to be had here.  It's a clean, well laid-out store.  Customer service is hard to get, but once had, it's friendly and knowledgeable.  I will say that while their selection isn't the best I've seen, it is above the average.
3	It's hard to find what you're looking for, but the staff there is very friendly and helpful. They went out of their way to help me find what I was looking for.
3	The customer service person here must've had her 7-11 Convenience Store security training which is "Greet every customer who walks in the door".  It helps mainly with security to alert you're not incognito.  Anyway, she loudly blurted "Hello Welcome to Bed Bath and Beyond"..can I help you find something?" I said, "yes...I need to find the kitchen items"...and she pointed to the right and said' There will be someone there to help you if you need it".  So off I went looking for some type of rack to keep tomorrow's roast pork cooking above the dripping fat.They had only one type of tall oval ring shaped plastic that was heat resistant.  I was shocked that it cost $25.  And even if I had their 20% coupon, I would've balked. It probably would've done the job but I wanted to ask the department employee if he had anything else.  Well, he was busy helping some woman asking questions like "Do have have something that would help stuff mushrooms?" I wanted to say, "Yes, your hands and a knife". After trying to look for another employee there, I gave up.  It was a few days after Christmas, so I knew service would've been tough to find.  I usually shop at the BBB in Tustin/Irvine on Jamboree.  And this store plan, size, and appearance looks identical to the one I shop in.  So it was kind of familiar, though it's a different world when you step outside (you could see snow falling in the not too distant Mt. Charleston).  Prices are OK. I wouldn't call them a discount store. They were doing a nice job in this store replenishing the shelves, so most of the shelves were full.  But immediately after leaving there, I walked into Wal Mart next door.  I found a turkey roasting pan with a cheaper V shaped rack and two prongs...all for less than $10.  Still for a lot of stuff I need, like plates, small appliances, bath rugs and beddings I've bought at their other location, this one is comparable.
5	This store is huge and offers you tons of fun and creative ideas to fix your home up with. I wanted to remodel my bathroom so the husband and I went looking at BB&B and we are happy we did. Ok so maybe he ain't happy I spent bout 300 bucks lol Long story short I got everything my little spoiled heart desired and then some. I fixed up my entire Master Bath Room and even got some cool kitchen supplies. Will I return yes yes yes The staff are professional and witty kind and willing to help you find anything you want. I really like the way the cashier took time to wrap my items so they didn't break and its not even a holiday or my birthday. I love to be spoiled and this is a new favorite store of mine. I like the parking lot its got security and no beggars to stand around and bother you.
3	That will teach me to try home shopping around Christmas. The shelves were practically bare so my options were limited. I settled on a tea kettle that looked decent and, with my 20% of coupon, wouldn't break the bank. Hope it's as good as the last one.....
3	it's a useful store, there are a lot of cheap novelty items priced from 3.99&up but they are generally overpriced! (such as mugs and pens and keychains) prices really range throughout the entire store really. the store as a whole is unorganized; I wish there was an easier way to navigate the store!There's not a lot of people working the register, so on a real busy day there can be quite a wait, but it's generally not bad because it's usually not crowded! my parents go here to purchase quality aerobeds for extra guests! they have great customer service!! if you have a gift receipt and item from here as a gift, their return policy is awesome :) lol
3	My wife and I have been going here for awhile now and every time seems different. Very clean place, and the staff is always willing to help you find what you are looking for. Today March 2 though when we were checking out we asked if they had military discount, as we have got one before and the lady was very rude and had an attitude about it. Still not a bad place but they seem to change their discounts all the time. One minute they do military and next time they don't do it. We will probably still go or just find somewhere else for appliances for the house.
