2	I used to go to Goodwill all the time to look for Board Games (I am a collector) and I thought that a brand-new Goodwill would be a good place to look.And, well, I was really disappointed. What I found were games thrown together with toys haphazardly on top of clothing racks. It was reminiscent of what I might see at an older location where the employees no longer care that uncontrolled brat children have torn into everything and destroy the toy aisle while mommy shops.On top of that, what happened to the prices? I used to be able to go to Goodwill and get a laundry basket for two bucks tops, but when I found one at this location it was marked $9.99. I could buy a new one for less! This is just one example of many things I found horribly mispriced. I know the second-hand thing has become trendy as of late, but whoever is handling the pricing over there has clearly lost their mind.I prefer Savers now.
2	I went to this store during it's first week. Very spacious and big. I mainly shop for clothes and purses. This one seemed to have better quality stuff but the prices were marked up compared to other goodwills. I don't look at the price til I'm ready to buy because it's usually under ten buck for whatever I'm getting. The pants I wanted were $15.99! I could go to walmart or anywhere I can get NEW pants for that price. The purses were marked up as well. I've only been there twice hoping the price was just for the grand opening. Some things are normally priced but I was dissapointed. I may return if I'm in the neighborhood...
4	I came here on a whirlwind tour of Valley secondhand stores on Saturday.  It was a fun day; we stayed out of the rain (while still enjoying the drizzle), we got some really neat items, and we spent very little money in the process.  My husband, our baby girl and I stopped in here as we were headed home and I'm really glad we did.  While this Goodwill was also running a 50% off everything promotion, it was still well stocked with a respectable selection of merchandise and the employees were all working furiously to keep the aisles clear, and the shelves organized and re-stocked.  I was also able to score a BRAND NEW Vick's humidifier and a picture frame for under $5, out the door.  This wouldn't seem like a great find normally, but I had needed a new hot steam humidifier, and I always feel ripped off for paying about $20 for one at Walgreen's.  And the picture frame was a really fortuitous find because I just happened to need a picture frame that had four, vertical, 4x6 photo openings and a mat, all without any silly phrases (FAMILY, Sister=Best Friend, I luv my dogs, that kind of crap) painted on the frame itself.  Do you know how hard it is to find a frame like that, that meets those requirements? Pretty darned hard.  In fact, right before Christmas I spent about an hour online looking for just that kind of 4x6 frame and the only thing I found that was even remotely close was about $52 and the color was all wrong.  This was a very lucky find all for $2.  YAY!Anyway, I had a good experience here.  It was one of the better ones.PS:  They had a huge sofa sized painting of an overly dramatic starkly feminine face that looked almost like Pete Burns (from Dead or Alive) in full drag makeup.  It was utterly fabulous, and if I'd been in the mood for an 80's rock icon sofa painting, that sucker would have been MINE!  In fact, it might still be there.  HURRY!
2	This store is big and pretty clean. They did have a good selection of housewares but nothing great. I noticed the things I did pick up were overpriced.I must have been there about the same time as the other girl because I also saw the vintage desk for $130. It was probably worth that price but inside an antique store not GW. I looked at clothes and since it was $1 day I imagine most of the good stuff was gone because all I found was blah. I did however make a small purchase that day for a beat up easel with a chalk board and white board. It just needs a little love and my son will be in heaven. The store was packed full of hipsters so I guess this is a trendy hipster shop. I don't think I will go back here.
3	Parking lot is a bit small but your typical goodwill. I love going on Thursdays, $1 days! They pick a certain tag color and no matter what the item is (Besides food, new and seasonal) it is only a buck! Some items can be a bit over priced, but if you go on a sale day you can scoop up a great deal on a donated treasure =)
2	Meh.  I just can't get past their price increases.  I love thrift shopping and I've supported Goodwill for years (both in terms of shopping and donations) and frankly, this is a bummer.
4	Let's see...where to start...Organized...check!Friendly...check!This is the ONLY location of the many in which I have been that had new area rugs! They might have been the six by six or eight by eight. Anyway brand new and taped.Interestingly, I also found their selection of jackets and coats to be better than m/any other GW's in the area. Too bad I wasn't looking for one!As winter has rolled into the Valley of the Sun, I was happy to see that they had a nice selection of long-sleeve, upscale blouses of many colors. Because I only had 20 minutes, it was easy...very easy to quickly pick up something because the women's section was well-organized.But since I was looking for kitchen items, I headed to that section first. I wasn't disappointed, but I didn't find that for which I was looking (glass cutting board, ramekins and torch---yeah, right).I would surely visit again.
1	There is an older woman that works here that is THE worst! She is extremely rude and lacks basic customer service skills. I would've left my mountain of clothes right on her register if I were the one making the purchase.
2	Great selection and very clean and organized but some prices were just OUTRAGEOUS for a store that takes donations!! I was surprised but maybe location is key? I might return as it is very close to my house but I don't know. I saw a pair of jeans for $29.99 as well as an area rug for $79.99....that seems crazy to me for a goodwill.
2	They have alot of merchandise and clothing at this one, but a good bit of it looks trashy. It looks unorganized and cluttered compared to others I've been at. Prices are high as well.
