3	Why hello dear friend!   How is darling Buffy today?  Good, good, so glad to hear she is recovering from that absolutely hideous pavement rash from the tennis court.  Dreadful!Jim W belong to a country club?  Perish the thought!  Jim W eat lunch at the country club restaurant, Bolero's, on a 2 for 1 coupon?  Certainly!I found the indoor dining area to be a bit stuffy and I might even venture perhaps a bit pretentious.  Perhaps.  Shall we take our lunch out on the veranda?  Quite so, indeed.  The view of San Tan Mountain is always so splendid this time of year.  Do say!The service was very good in an obsequious sort of way.  If you enjoy the feeling that you are being fussed over because you might be a big macher (look it up here: http://www.koshernosh.com/dictiona.htm) then you will get off on the service here.I opted for a cheeseburger and fries.  I was a little disappointed in the fries, thin, slightly coated and unremarkable.  The burger was very good.  The setting was very nice.OK, Country Club lunch, been there, done that.
5	Thought I would give an honest review of Bolero's since the previous review by Jim W is nearly incomprehensible. Bolero's is located at a private club called Seville, hence the club like upscale atmosphere. If you wouldn't join a country club, then don't go there just to save a few bucks. Bolero's is a solid 4 star eatery with an inviting walnut dark wood interior, large windows and a centrally located fireplace. The service is thoughtful and the staff is well versed in how to treat paying customers and members. I have had nearly everything on the menu and have yet to have a bad meal. While the hamburger is very good, it seems pointless to go to a country club and order such a "pedestrian" plate. The prices are very reasonable so live it up. The fish and chips are outstanding as is the roast beef sandwich with a jus. The drinks are generous but too much indulging may lead you to write boorish reviews that sounds remarkably similar to Mr. Howell from Gilligan's island. Bottom line, the food is great, the staff is attentive, the atmosphere is elegant yet casual and the views are expansive. I give it 4 stars for food quality, 5 for pricing, and 5 for service. Jim W. may want to stick to Micky "D's" less than obsequious service and atmosphere for his burgers. But if you enjoy a good Rib Eye or Reuben sandwich and you want to impress your date with out parting with a bunch of cash, you will enjoy Bolero's. Oh and say Hi to Lovie and Thurston Howell.
3	Good country club fare.  Incredible views and outstanding service.
3	Went their for Eater Brunch, the food was good the service was OK. But I will say they were VERY busy. And when your that busy, its hard to keep track of where your at. I would say the only disappointment was with the lack of ability to keep themselves upscale on that day. There was food laying on the floor by the bar, and no one cared to pick it up, the bar was very dirty with uneaten food and dishes ever where. In my opinion, know what your good at, having a Sunday Brunch is hard to do. Because of that I would say raise the price slightly and don't bring on so many reservations.
4	Fabulous! Great food, great atmosphere, incredible views! Their specials are hard to beat.
3	After reading other so-so reviews, we were a bit skeptical about even trying this place but decided to go there for lunch to test it out.  The food & service were good but they add an 18% service charge (tip) onto each bill for the wait staff to share.  Our server pointed it out to us as he delivered the bill to our table.  We generally tip in that percentage range for good/very good service so it wasn't an issue except that we don't like to be "told" what to tip.  If the service and/or the food was sub-par I would have been outraged at the gall of the restaurant to take away the leverage of sending a message by leaving a small tip or no tip at all.As they say on Shark Tank, "For that reason, I'm out".  We didn't think the food was that good to go so far out of our way and be told we have to tip 18%.
1	OMG.Terrible experience here.  We expected a lot because it's a beautiful country club.  Our evening started by walking into a mostly empty restaurant and standing at an empty host desk for 5 minutes.  The hostess then swung by to tell us it would be 10 minutes before they could seat us.We went to the bar and ordered a couple drinks and an appetizer (cheese plate).  The drinks came quickly but the appetizer did not.  15 minutes later we were seated in the dining room (only 2 other tables had people there).  It's worth noting that the hostess actually stopped to talk to people as she lead us to our seats, for at least a minute or two, both of us standing awkwardly waiting for her to finish her conversation and show us where to sit.  Shockingly unprofessional.Our waiter came over quickly and was unaware that we were still waiting for the cheese plate.  He took our orders (she wanted a salad, I just got a burger) and disappeared.  No bread was offered to us.  The cheese plate eventually made its' way to our table with 3 slices of bread and approximately 19 billion pieces of meat & cheese.  Still no bread or biscuits offered to us even though other tables had them.Her salad arrived without dressing, along with my burger.  The waiter did not come back to check on us.  Near 15 minutes passed before I could flag one down and ask them to get her dressing; by this time I was done with my dinner.  At this point they asked if we wanted bread.  Another 10 minutes later the bread and her salad dressing came out.Our drinks were empty for this duration as well.  What a cluster.  To add insult to the experience, 18% gratuity was added automatically to the bill.  We spoke the manager about the experience and he apologized about our experience, and justified the long wait to seat us despite the empty restaurant saying that they had a backup in the kitchen and didn't want us to be seated and wonder why we weren't being served food quickly.  Well, we wondered anyway.We could have been seated and at least had bread & drinks instead of being treated like second class citizens waiting at the bar while the restaurant remained empty.The food was marginal.  The burger is not a complicated culinary endeavor, but managed to taste like a (nice) mass produced frozen patty.  The fries were terrible.  Her salad was okay, but truthfully the food could have been perfect and we'd still be upset as the service was deplorable.The manager asked us to come back for a second chance.  We may do it and if our experience is better we'll update this.  On the other hand, neither one of us are particularly excited to go back.  As of now, not recommended.
3	I have been at Boleros several times and while is in a beautiful setting and the restaurant is very nice, the menu and the service are not that good.The menu is limited and the choices not that apealing for a golf club restaurant. Most of the times while the waiters are very nice and friendly they take a long time to check if you need something else or if your food is ok and the kitchen takes a long time to prepare your meal even if you are the only one there.I hope they review their menu and work on the efficency of the kitchen and staff.
4	Second chance at bolero's.After receiving a phone call from one of the managers regarding our visit in April, we decided to try again.  We were told they would make things right and they were very apologetic for the horrible evening we had.  (We were so irritated with the place, we waited 4 months to take him up on the offer)As an aside, we were told we would be comped dinner due to the previous disaster.I called ahead and spoke to Jason, who does not work at Bolero's any longer, but stated that since he was the manager at the time the incident occurred, he would make sure the new manager was aware that they needed to adhere to his promise to make things right.  Was told to call manager Desi, but no one answered.  Proceeded to the restaurant and hoped for the best.  When we got there, as before, we stood at the front desk for between 5 and 10 minutes before anyone came to seat us.  Not a promising start.  Luckily though, that's where the lame service ended.We had Gage as a server and he did a terrific job.  He was attentive, stopped by to fill our drinks often, checked to make sure our food was good, brought things out all at the same time, and was pleasant to deal with.  We started with the cheese plate and it was, as before, good although probably could use some more bread with it as there are a ton of meats and cheeses and 4 small pieces of bread.  As far as the food goes, she had the spinach salad, and I had the reuben with onion rings.  Both dishes were well prepared and tasty.  We asked for a basket of bread, which was brought out with dinner.  The bread was great, but they maybe ought to consider bringing it out early, maybe just asking people if they'd like bread with their meal.  Just a suggestion.Our only other concern as far as the menu goes is that there are not a lot of vegetarian offerings that aren't salad.  Overall, it was a much better experience.  As we said before, Gage did a great job, and even though Jason is no longer the manager there, Dave (who was standing in for Desi, from what we were told) took care of everything.  They put effort into making this experience much better and they did a good job.  We both appreciated it and we'd go back.There it is, an updated review.  Bolero's is in a beautiful location and now we can say the service & food are worth a visit.
5	Great service. The new menu has a lot of great choices.
4	Excellent Burgers, wings, wraps and a well stocked bar. The Arnold Palmers quench my thirst. Pasta night is amazing and if you are a Club Corp member they offer a 50% discount. Fine dining at drive-through prices. A treasured retreat.
2	We visited on a Saturday night with a large party of 13. The place was pretty empty. The entire thing was a disaster. It took 20 minutes to get a drink order, which was wrong. Then we ordered and the food came out in a decent amount of time however, one person's order was forgotten. We were all done eating by the time his food came. Two people's mashed potatoes were ice cold and one person's chicken was raw. The waiter begrudgingly took an item off the bill but we will NOT be going back.
2	As too often service slow.  Waiting for brunch it took a long time to get coffee and it arrived lukewarm!!!!  Always understaffed!!!
2	Have not been here for a while, food is still mediocre, ordered steak & wedge salad and cob salad both not tasty, steak sent back as it was cold, chicken on cob salad dry and flavorless . While servers are always nice, Service is always bad, only customers in whole restaurant and had to get steak sauce on our own as server forgot it.Manager Tiffany very nice comp meal as it was not that good.
