5	Working with Matt Baker at Cobalt Mortgage is a refreshing experience, especially in such a challenging real estate market as the one we find ourselves in today.  Their flat fee mortgage is unique and brilliant, and Matt's customer service is outstanding.  After all, being promised a great rate is nice, but not if the lender can't close the loan on time.  As a residential Realtor, I have worked with Matt on a number of home purchases now, and he doesn't just close on time, he often closes his loans early!!  Matt is a true professional.
5	This was my first home purchase so I wasn't sure which way to go.  I have submitted info to about 4 different lenders and when they all came back to me, Matt sounded like he was the way to go.  I put my fate in his hands and boy did he execute it beautifully.  He closed in no time at all and this was a great first time experience.  Trust me, I highly recommend Matt!  Once again, THANK YOU MATT!-Chris
5	We are so happy we selected Matt Baker as our mortgage broker to close on our new home.  We loved the flat fee mortgage and that there were no surprises at closing.  Matt was even able to pull off a small miracle as we had to switch our loan at the last minute!  We would highly recommend Matt to any of our friends and family!  Thanks Matt!
5	I was admittedly nervous about everything to do with purchasing a new home and especially having it financed with all of the new restrictions in today's market. However, Matt Baker made it truly simple and precise. I can not begin to express how knowledgeable and professional he is throughout the whole process. I would and do whole-heartedly recommend Matt and his team to any and all of my friends and business partners. Thank you Matt!Greg P.
5	Matt baker was awesome at getting me the finances I needed for my home. I had a complicated situation with my finances with over 200k in medical loan debt and he was able to get my loan approved. Would definitely recommend.
5	Matt Baker at Cobalt Mortgage is not your typical mortgage lender. Matt is very knowledgable about the new guidelines that have taken place in the past few years. He has many different programs available to cater to the new home buyer or home investor. Matt keeps his clients informed through the process and delivers results much quicker than the average lender. He is trustworthy and ethical and has his clients best interests at heart.
5	I am a real estate agent who recommends  Matt Baker with Cobalt Mortgage to all of my clients.  He shoots it straight and will get the deal funded in a timely manner.  He always puts my clients at ease and is always very competitive with his rate and his services are above and beyond anyone else I have used.  He will stick with a client even if the client is not ready to be approved at the time and he is a class act.  If you are an agent and your current lender does not put you at ease about getting the deal done, then call Matt he will change your outlook on doing business with anyone else.
5	It was refreshing to work with someone that actually knew the guidelines. I was new to the area and needed an agent that could help with a refinance. My situation is not typical, but did fit the current guidelines, (assuming the agent actually knew them). After calling different lenders and being disappointed about the lack of knowledge, I decided to try Yelp. Matt's reviews gave me hope so I called him. I was not disappointed. After the first call, it was obviously he understood the issues and knew that I would meet the guidelines. The loan closed and the process was smooth. The glowing reviews on Yelp were correct!
5	Another great experience with Matt Baker and his team.  Our refinance was so simple, stress free and was executed timely and efficiently. We received a great rate and with the flat fee, closing costs were nominal.  It is always a pleasure to work with such a highly professional and knowledgeable team.  Thank you!
5	As a first time home buyer, I can't really compare my experience with the Cobalt team to anything else. My brother bought a home a year ago and went through his bank for financing. He described it as one of the worst experiences in his life. My experience was the complete opposite. Todd and the team at Cobalt (Suzanne, Brittney, & Matt to name a few) were incredibly friendly and made the process so much easier than I had anticipated. I was constantly impressed by the level of service and accessibility my wife and I received from Cobalt.From start to finish, we had keys in hand in just over 1 month.To say I would recommend Cobalt is an understatement. If you re buying a house in the valley, do yourself and your agent a favor and work with Cobalt. You won't regret it.
5	For VA loans, Cobalt makes magic happen!  My own bank turned us down for a VA loan and claimed that processing would take 90 to 120 days if it had gone through.  I thought we were going to miss out on our new home because the bank already wasted about a week of our time before they notified us.  I was then told to contact Matt Baker at Cobalt Mortgage.  I could type forever listing the little things Matt and the Cobalt team did to make this process smooth, but I'll just sum it up; they worked some magic!  We were offered the same rates as our bank was giving us, and they said the VA processing could be done in 7 days instead of 90 or 120.  We had a few bumps in the road with negotiating with the seller and other random things, but each time Matt and Cobalt had a perfect answer.  Once it was time to deal with the VA, Cobalt expidited our processing and it was complete within 4 business days!  I have buddies who dealt with their banks and other lenders and they tell me how much of a nightmare it can be, but our experience was awesome!
5	Well I wasn't expecting to sell my first home within 8 months of purchase, but sometimes an offer is too good to pass up. That being said, we needed to get back with a lender for our new purchase and after the experience we had the first time it was a no brainer to go back to the Matt Baker and the Bookspan Baker Team. Once again the team was quick, professional, and got me a great rate. I can confidently say that for as long as I am in the valley, this is my mortgage company. Thanks to everyone at the team. You all did a great job.
5	We may not remember next year our lender experience because it was very uneventful and that is a WONDERFUL thing that we are very grateful to say! Working in real estate I see first hand how nightmarish lending can be however this experience was no nightmare, it was a piece of cake and that has everything to do with The Bookspan Baker Team! We are more than happy with our experience, the team bent over backwards to help make our dream a reality, they were quick to respond when we needed it and answered all of our questions professionally and honestly. We are VERY happy with our uneventful, boring transaction, we wouldn't have wanted it any other way!
4	Wow...what a looong, tedious process. I recently purchased my first home. Luckily I had a fax machine and internet access at work. I can't blame the mortgage company for all of the documents and faxes I had to send, but it was still a pain! Everything seemed to move smoothly (like clock-work) and they were able to close on-time! (it took about 30 days). There weren't any hiccups along the way, so I was happy. Unfortunately, they sold my loan shortly after closing and I didn't know about it! Who is Penny Mac??? I don't want them!
5	I worked with Debra Castor a few years ago when I was in the process of purchasing my home. I have recommended her to many people in the past, now she is with Cobalt Mortgage. I was extremely pleased with all the help and assistance she gave me in the process. I was a bit nervous about purchasing my first home and she made me really feel at ease. Very knowledgeable, helpful and just a cool person to work with. I highly recommend any team that Debra is connected with!
5	Debra Castor is a true real estate professional.  She is informed and up to date on new programs and rate changes.  I know who I'm going to call the next time I am looking to purchase a home.Thanks for all your help!
5	Working with Matt Baker at Cobalt Mortgage is a refreshing experience, especially in an economy when everyone seems to over promise and under deliver.  Their product is outstanding, and Matt's customer service is over the top.  Everyone promises a great rate, but to actually get a great rate and have the lender perform, completing the loan process to close on time is another thing.  As a Professional Realtor, I have worked with Matt on a number of home transactions, and he doesn't just close on time, he often closes his loans early!  With that said, lending today can be complicated with many moving parts that demand compliance in the smallest details. What I appreciate about Matt, is in the event we have a borrower with a complicated financial portfolio that complicates the loan process, Matts determination to do what it takes to accomplish the goal for the client goes beyond the norm and is an earmark of a person that truly cares about the customer, I find that a rare commodity in people today. I will continue to refer my clients to Matt and his team!
