5	I admit it.  I LOVE sweets, but I just don't indulge very often.  However, when I do want something sweet, it HAS to be amazing - in other words, the calories better be worth it!  :)This is why I adore Market Street Toffee!  It is a cute little store in a small strip mall type location (behind Blue Adobe Grill and a few doors down from Tuesday Morning).  Two white benches flanking either side of the door welcome you inside.  Every day they offer free samples of the 3 types of toffee they serve so you can choose your favorite without having to purchase it first.  The "Traditional" is my personal favorite, and the "Zebra" is a close 2nd.  The "Margarita" is also good, but it kind of has a little of an alcohol flavor which is not my personal thing, but still divine none-the-less.  They also have peanut brittle, chocolate covered marshmallow stack things, fresh cookies, and a few other items.  After your purchase, they even provide a little ice pack so your toffee doesn't melt on the drive home during the hot months.  They are a little pricey, but honestly, they are so worth it!  They also have THE COOLEST boxes and packaging!  My son's party favors are these sweet little curved boxes with ribbon (they must have 30+ colors to choose from) and they can imprint a message on the boxes too. It is a mother/daughter owned shop and they are both super nice.  Attention to detail, great presentation, even better toffee, and a local family run business make Market Street Toffee a real winner in my book!Thanks for listening.Warmly,Kirin :)
5	I am going to have to ditto Kirin C. on this place.  I stopped by on her recommendation and was not one bit disappointed.Market Street Toffee is owned by a mother and daughter team.  The space is light and airy and the unbelieveable aroma of their treats fills the air.  I am not a big sweets eater myself but I gift my clients with goodies on an almost daily basis.The price may seem a bit high, but it is well worth every penny.  The packaging is adorable and they can even customize their gift boxes for you.  I ended up buying an assortment for one of my biggest clients and received rave reviews.
5	Market Street Toffee is the best! I am not a big sweet fan but I could eat anything they make and love it.  I can not get over their choclate chip cookies.  They are th best cookies in the whole world.
5	Okay, time for an update on my ALL TIME FAVORITE place! Let me be completely honest and frank....Goody Twos Toffee is my crack. I don't smoke, seldom drink alcohol, heck....I don't even drink caffeine! But jeez, there is something special about Market Street. **In the interest of full disclosure let me state I freakin' LOVE Donna & Stacey- the owners! Since I spend waaaay too much time (and money) there every week, they have become friends since my last written review**. But then again, how can you not love the two people who make your life easier (and a little sweeter at the same time)? Since my last review I've given Goody Twos Toffee as presents for practically every occasion - Holidays, Birthdays, Thank You Gifts, Teacher Appreciation Gifts, you name it. Whenever there is an event, everyone I know and love gets toffee. YOU can make it totally custom for the person receiving the gift- with colors of boxes, ribbons, their name, or business logo, a message and a sentiment from you. Why do I give toffee as presents for everyone? 2 REASONS: 1) It's completely unique. Nobody else has seen or tasted anything like it, and the custom packaging makes them feel special. 2) EVERYONE loves it and is thrilled. Do you know how hard it is to get presents for people who don't need another damn thing? Or people who you don't know well enough what to get them, but you want to get them something they will enjoy? Taa-Daa....Goody Twos Toffee makes your life easier then. So If you ever need a great gift that is sure to be unique AND appreciated (or you just want something special for yourself), be sure to go to Goody Twos Toffee. Guaranteed, you will agree with my 10 year old daughter who thinks their confections "are made with vitamin L-O-V-E"!  (and kids don't lie!)Enjoy!
3	I took a trip out to GoodyTwos to see about stocking up on little gifts of toffee for the holidays. The woman gave wonderful directions to help me find the shop. The shop is beautiful. The packaging is beautiful. The toffee is beautiful. Everything is beautiful. It is also expensive. I realize toffee is not an inexpensive product to make; but, I think a lot of the cost at GoodyTwos comes from the packaging -- which IS beautiful, but I would rather my gift giving dollar go toward the consumable treat. I did drive all the way out there so I couldn't bear to leave empty handed. I bought a small package of the double trouble and a small package of the 2 alarm peanut brittle as gifts. Personally, I think there's too much chocolate on the toffee - it's covered, top and bottom. Of course, I say that and then I go and buy the double trouble... but, hey! You might as well do it, if you're gonna go there! Right? Besides, peanut butter cups!?! Anyway, it's certainly a classy looking treat but, for the money, I don't think I'll be loading up on toffee for all my friends. Sorry, guys... you'll have to purchase your own, if you want it. (Maybe we can split a bag every once in a while!)
5	5 star delicious. Need I say more?
5	What's the difference between a mediocre store-bought toffee bar and the delectable goodness of a GoodyTwos toffee bar? Quality ingredients being made by hand in smaller batches of course! Today my family and I visited Stacey Barnes and Donna Gabilson the daughter-mother team of GoodyTwos Toffee Company. With their silhouettes gracefully placed on their smart, modern packaging, GoodyTwos mixes up traditionally-made, "darn good" toffee with a bright, creative presence. This creativity also drives them to reach out to their customers using nontraditional avenues of new and social media. We hadn't even visited their establishment yet and my wife, Michelle was already having a conversation with Stacey via Twitter last night.When you visit GoodyTwos, the toffee takes center stage. There are samples of EVERYTHING sitting out for you to try. You must start with their "Traditional" toffee, the foundation for all of their mouth-watering goodness. The toffee smells like Christmas. And when you bite into it, it's crunchy and buttery but won't break your teeth. It's a perfect balance of butter and chocolate and... well, whatever else they put into their toffee. If you're into that sweet and salty vibe, then look no further, the "Sweet and Salty" is the way to go! It's a beautiful marriage of dark chocolate and sea salt tossed with almonds - I think it may be my wife's favorite. They also have unique flavors like the "Nutty-Twist" which includes some reduced Cruz tequila, and "Double Trouble" which is pretty much peanut butter cups on steroids.So it was 110 degrees when we visited their store in Scottsdale today. There is nothing that says Christmas or holiday treats in this heat. And yet, inside their store, eating toffee on such a hot, summery day was absolutely appropriate. (They even have ice cream "toppers" i.e. toffee chunks!) Stacey and Donna are two joyful and smart women who really care about their product. From the moment you walk in, you're welcome to experience the sights and tastes of some incredible toffee. By the way, they ship locally and internationally. So don't fret, the toffee won't melt. They've figured out all of that fancy shipping packaging so that you get your treats fresh and tasty. Thank you GoodyTwos for a great afternoon!My daughter Cadie, thoroughly enjoyed a toffee treat. My wife and I heard "More please!" from her a lot all afternoon afterwards.
1	I have sampled their product at the Farmers Market and in their store. I have also sampled their personality at both locations. I think I was served by the owner at the Farmers Market and her mother at the store. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. The daughter is definitely worse than the mother though. They are both quite rude and very lacking in business and people skills. They should perhaps concentrate on wholesale or internet marketing where they don't have to interact with people because they are quite unpleasant to deal with. Their prices are crazy too but that's possibly good because this stuff is very good to eat but not good for you. However, I just don't see the justification for almost $30 per pound. It seems quite ridiculous but since they obviously think their personal waste is perfumed they no doubt believe people should pay a premium to enjoy their product too. It might be good but I can definitely live without giving my hard earned cash to this pair of nasty people. If others feel the same way they won't be in business too long.
5	Over the years I've eaten my share of toffee, though I do enjoy it, toffee has never really been something I've craved or sought out. Lately, a group of people on Twitter that I call "The Foodie Faithful," have been going on and on about Goodytwos Toffee so I thought I'd drop in and have a look/taste.With trusty pal "Mikey" in tow, I entered the toffee shop and was immediately struck by the intricate simplicity of the toffee shop. Mother/Daughter team Donna Gabrilson and Stacey Barnes have arranged their toffee haven in an open and inviting way allowing guests (I say guests instead of customers because in two seconds, they make you feel welcome), to roam and sample their toffee creations at will.With toffee left, right and center, you almost don't know where to start but that's where Donna (AKA "Traditional") or Stacy (AKA "Nutty Twist"), come from the secret toffee making lair behind the curtain, greet you warmly and tell you their story (of significant note here, they talk to you rather than at you,  engaging while informing), and quite a story it is.  The recipes were inherited from their grandmother and from they way the toffee's taste, these ladies paid attention!Starting with Grandma's Traditional toffee and offering up such delights as Nutty-twist (a double nutty lime and tequila infused toffee), Sweet & Salty (Almonds, vanilla, dark chocolate and sea salt) and Creme de la Crunch (fresh pecans and almonds, coffee liquor and white chocolate), there are flavors and textures to make your mouth water.I can't remember a time when I was so excited by toffee or so thoroughly engaged by a small business proprietor, Stacy took the time to explain the thoughts and processes behind each flavor, never tiring of questions, not once seeming to grow impatient for me to make my purchase and move on.  As each guest entered the shop Stacy greeted them with a warm affection generally reserved for a favorite cousinNot only are the flavors wonderful (the toffees are just the right texture, crunchy but never sticking to your teeth),  but the duo go out of their way to use the best ingredients available, sourced from local purveyors wherever possible.  The two are extremely passionate about their craft and before you realize it, you find yourself drawn into the toffee world (adding to the growing list of toffee that you can't wait to take home and devour), and having a genuinely good time.Ever wonder what happens to all of those toffee pieces that aren't quite big enough to stand on their own?  Looking for something unique to put into a gift basket?  Got a couple of scoops of ice cream that need livening up?  Goodytwos has just the thing for you in the form of "Toppers."  Scoop up a jar of these tasty treats for use as a topping on just about anything!Did I mention the selection of crunchy peanut-brittle (they're famous for the 2 alarm with cayenne pepper and chile powder), or  scratch-made  Traditional toffee topped, chocolate dipped marshmallows?  (yes, I did leave with a trio of these melt in your mouth pillows of flavor and texture.)Those who know me well will tell you that I'm not generally one for gratuitously effusive praise but I can't stop thinking about how genuine these toffee ladies are.  If you're having an off day, walk into the toffee shop, there's no way you'll leave without toffee in your mouth, a smile on your face and little if any memory of whatever it was that you were fretting about to begin with. (each bag of toffee even comes with a "Crunchy Truth" inside, a witty fortune cookie style aphorism).If you find yourself craving something sweet and are anywhere near Scottsdale (or the Prescott/Flagstaff Farmers markets), find the time to visit Goodytwos toffee, it'll be worth the trip! One final thought they will leave you with...
4	I am hooked on the sweet and salty toffee.  I agree it is pricey, which is a good thing because I won't be buying it as often.  Last time the $8 little bag didn't last 30 minutes, but I am sure my hips and thighs are still holding on to it.
5	Great local product.  Great local story.  Their product is downright SINFUL!!!! and I can affirm like many have mentioned here these two gals are as much a value to their brand as the toffee itself.
5	I'm not much of a candy person, so when my friend and fellow yelper Nick A. suggested that we visit this shop, I thought that my experience would just be just a look-and-leave. But it turned out to be a pleasure-for-all-the-senses experience. Upon entering the charming shop, the heavenly aroma of the toffees grabbed me and made it impossible for me not to try the samples. Everything was delicious! I wish I had bought more than I did, as I don't go to this area often, but this shop gives me another reason to look forward to my future visits to Scottsdale.
5	the mother/daughter team make the most delicious toffee in the valley!you can find it during winter at the old town farmers market!
2	Have been a Customer of Goody Twos for almost 2 years. The product is amazing and the twozzels are my favorite thing.I am writing this review today based upon the phone service I just had. This review in no way is for the product but only for the service I experienced. Today is November 17th plenty of time before any Holiday shipping dates. I called in order to place an order for 2 clients and than also 10 family members. I am extremely busy and use companies such as Goody Twos to fulfill gifts and presents i need to send out. When I spoke with the people who were working which I hope were not the owners it was made very clear to me that I would not be able to place an order due to that fact that their shipping department was full until January 1. As someone who was interested in making Good Twos a regular for my corporate gifts and personal use it make it extremly hard to recommend them and or use them for this in the future. To be told that they are not taking any more shipping/delivery order for the next 2 months seems outrageous.I was offered the option to come to the store and buy product that i then could ship myself but due to the fact that they have recent moved locations to out of my way and the fact that as a business I do not have the time it seems outrageous to tell me this is my only option.I may be a little upset at the moment but I still feel it is outrageous to say you are closed for shipping orders through the holiday season. It is called higher another person, work on Sundays or work throughout the night. Why let business just walk out the door and leave money on the table. If it weren't for the fact that my Wife absolutely loves the product i am not sure if i would go back. I know for a fact that i will not recommend their corporate gifts program to any of my business owner friends
5	Love this toffee! The toffee shop is easily one of a kind and their product is amazing and puts any other toffee to shame! The owners are always around and talk to you like they've know you for their whole lives. The staff is amazing, the product is un-touchable and always puts a smile on my face :)
3	The Toffee is Good do not get me wrong.Is it worth 15-30???  SOMETIMESIs the service that I was given yesterday worth 15-30?? NOT QUITE.I tried almost every single toffee in the shop minus the actual peanut brittle itself and the pretzely looking toffee.I did not care for the cinnamon toffee out of the bunch. Everything was very decadent and just good. The only toffee i felt was definitely mind blowing and worth buying was the sweet and salty just because all the other chocolatey ones had a similar taste except the one with tequila which was nice but not amazing.Neither of the girls working were the owners,One short dark haired girl was very nice.The other girl on the other hand is one of those types of people that should not be employed at a business that has to deal with quality customer service. I know this is not a chain and they probably do not care too much about customer service since their focus is more on selling the product to keep the business open. But personally, I think you need a little bit of both to make a business completely successful. You would not want someone like me for instance spreading word saying "HEY I am never going to back because the customer service was poor"So my situation, I had brought in the man that I am a caregiver for who had wanted to take me here yesterday and we were more than excited to try it out. He had picked up four bags for himself of different 1/2lb toffee bags (WHICH you are allowed to save $2 on for a single bag using the yelp check in!!)(Not much of a deal but every bit makes a difference so I for sure was gonna get that $2 for him since he paid!) Only problem is when we had brought the toffee to the counter, I asked her (which she SHOULD be aware of) "Do you guys honor your yelp check in coupon/offers?" Her response" No, probably not." REALLY LADY REALLY? YOU ARE THE OWNER NOW TO MAKE THAT DECISION????So i hurried and pulled up their check in offer and showed her to her face that they are supposed to take 2 dollars off and since he spent 75.06 on 5 bags its not a huge price difference! So she was like well I will just give you the 2 dollars back.  Well duh lady you are supposed too unless you overtook the business and are making the rules now! Geezus....So irritating. Definitely not a nice first impression.Now when I enjoy my sweet and salty I will be reminded of the girl who thought she made the rules for the business and how she was Not exactly pleasant. Awesome!:|
5	This toffee is amazing and they are always so helpful and sweet. My favorite is the Sweet and Salty...but the Twozels is pretty addicting. I always have a great experience at their store and I haven't met a flavor that wasn't amazing. Cute packaging, beautiful store, really neat concept. Love the mom and daughter thing. Plus, the place is immaculate and clean. ADORE!
5	Amazing toffee and toffee popcorn!  I would visit Arizona just for their treats!
5	After my first visit before in February, Stacey one of the owners contacted me about my visit and apologized for the inconvenience last time.  This time I brought yet another avid toffee lover such as myself to try out the delicious goodies.  It was a tough choice to make picking yet another bag to bring home but since last time finishing a bag of sweet and salty which lasted me a little over 2 months I wanted a new bag of something else and I went with the Traditional which is absolutely phenomenal, mouth watering last but not least Addicting!!!  With the yelp check in it takes off 2 dollars from the bag.  If you buy two bags it almost covers the tax! Stacey is one of the nicest owners of a shop that I know besides Pittsburgh Willy's in chandler, which is always a good thing because I believe that owners that have good relationships with their customers succeed much more than those who have little communication. Whenever I am with people who love toffee as much as myself this is  a definite place to check out for sure and I cannot wait to go back and buy more once I finish my bag within the next two months again I am sure.
5	The toffee is amazing! I received some as a gift. I had a taste of the original, sweet & salty, and double trouble. I will definitely return for more!
2	Toffee is great but too expensive!  The prices sky rocketed with the publicity and they  took advantage of it.  Now, it's just too expensive to buy!
5	OMG. This stuff is Goooooood! This place is one of Scottsdale's little secrets.
4	I stumbled upon Goodytwo's adorable little shop while wandering the Agua Caliente plaza. The bright green umbrellas on the patio and the shop sign featuring silhouettes of the owners are elements that are just too cute for words and drew me in. Inside, you're immediately overwhelmed by the sugary, delicious smell of freshly made sweets. The displays and packaging are all very beautifully done - precious little gift bags filled with squares of toffee, boxes of twoozles snack mix, toffee-laden jars adorned with bows in their signature green, and apothecary jars stuffed with SAMPLES. This is the important part: they have an amazing sample bar along the left side of the store featuring all of the different types of Toffee available.You could OD on sugary goodness by making your way through each type (I think that there were about 7 or 8 to try) however I was able to contain myself and kept it to just two for this visit - the Nutty Twist, which features white chocolate and toffee made with tequila and a twist of lime... there was a tiny bit of kick but overall a good flavor without too much tequilaness - and a new type (it is not on their website, so I don't have the proper name) which featured white chocolate and a hint of lavender with the toffee ... it was my favorite, and I purchased a 2x2" square of it for FOUR FIFTY to share with my husband.Which brings me to my next point: price. It was definitely on the pricy side for a tiny treat, but perhaps it works for the Scottsdale crowd who would frequent this shop. The jars were pretty small and cost $8.99, the bags of toffee (which contained 4 squares) were $18.50 (I think) and the Twoozles were somewhere around $9 or $10 per box. Goodytwos is not inexpensive by any means, but the quality was certainly there and it is obvious that they use top notch ingredients and well styled packaging. I can see their toffee as a perfect addition to a lovely gift basket, or even a standalone hostess gift or party favor.The saleslady there was super sweet and talkative and I couldn't allow myself to leave without buying something after she was so kind, so she did her job well! This was a fun find and I'll definitely head back the next time have a little extra cash and the excuse for a sweet treat.
4	You will leave the shop on a sugar high! They have samples of every flavor....and you will want to taste every one of them! I loved the sea salt toffee and the classic is a good choice as well. Its a bit pricey so I save this experience for special occasions.
5	What a great team! Love all the different flavors they have, can't go wrong with any if them. I always purchase for clients as gifts and they love them. Friendly staff, clean store and very cute packaging.
