1	Well they keep bragging about how good their stuff is but it still tastes like sh*t. It is still worse than Pizza Hut and Papa Johns which is pretty bad because they are both crap too. It tastes like the same old crappy Dominos with extra salt and 10 cents worth of herbs added on and some garlic goop smeared on the crust. I'm not sure if it's any better, it's just different. That's about what I expected, but I'm still pissed. Also on my box it said "the road to enlightenment is paved with sliced italian sausage" and my inner Kwai Chang felt repulsed. "For all life is precious nor can any be replaced." A road of meat to enlightenment?! F- them. 0 stars!
4	Love the Pineapple, Ham, and Jalapeno. The new pizza is good. I like the garlic flavor on the crust. I don't do carbs and pizza very often, so it is a nice treat. Ordering and paying online is awesome, and the online tracker is pretty cool. It is not Nello's, but it is still pizza. It tastes even better right from the fridge for breakfast.
4	We ordered three pizzas for pick-up after riding bike with friends. The staff was friendly from phone to pick-up. We ordered the old stand-bys, cheese, pepperoni & ham. They were great, cooked perfectly and the parm crust was awesome!
1	This store lost a customer. After the manager disrespected my role as customer I no longer will be ordering from this particular store.
5	Dominos has gotten really good in the last few years. You're saying, "Five stars? For Dominos? C'mon." No, you come on. Their pizza's good, it's fast, it's affordable, and their customer service is spectacular. Is it Spinato's or NYPD? No, but Spinato's not open late, they're way more expensive, and they don't have an awesome online ordering system.For economy pizza delivery, it's basically the Hut vs Dominos vs Papa John's. Out of those three, my favorite is the big D.
2	well, first off they lied to us about their special and told us we could only get one topping per pizza when clearly advertised on the window was two topping.  While I'm sure this wasn't out of malice, just negligence, it was annoying.  My black olives prefer to be accompanied by mushrooms.  Secondly, their crust is the wonder bread equivalent of pizza dough.  Soft, airy and no chewiness at all.  I think we will stick with Little Caesars from now on when we want cheap pizzas.
4	This is my go-to place for dinner when I'm pressed for time or just don't really feel like cooking. My family really likes their garlic sauce to dip their pizza in. The downside is that each sauce is .75 cents each. They deliver! That saves me so much time, there is a two dollar charge for that. Tip the driver because that doesn't go towards their tip!
5	Great Domino's App love it. Pizza and service is always top notch. They get 5 Stars for being consistent. Price, quality, convenience, and easy. We love Ahwatukee and someday will branch out and try another pizza place, but Domino's is a great go to.
5	Services is always excellant, prompt delivery, hot fresh pizza.  We order from our place of work and have always been happy.
5	For a chain pizza restaurant this Dominos is hitting on all cylinders. I have never had a bad pizza from this store. You also have to try the Brooklyn Style thin crust pizza *with light on the sauce, it's awesome! crispy folding crust, perfect sauce, cheese Yum!This Domino's is my go to Pizza Delivery Joint! Two Thumbs UP!!!
