1	horrible. Just horrible
4	The Wal-Mart in the Centennial shopping center is the best Wal-Mart in on the North side of town.  It's got a great assortment as do most of the Supercenter's.Fitted with a great balance of Grocery, Produce, Garden, Home/Bath, Auto, etc. The superenter delivers on your everyday needs at fantastic pricing.  When I'm on this side of town it's simply the place I shop.
1	In general this is a petty good Walmart, as long as you don't have to deal with management. Once management gets involved everything turns to crap In the insanity of shopping for all the Thanksgiving stuff I asked a Grocery Management employee if they carried Portuguese sausage, otherwise known as Lunguicia. She had no idea what I was talking about, but if I provided her w/ a UPC code of the product she could check. Told her I didn't know what the UPC might be as I don't carry them around in my head or back pocket. Told her I thought she might be able to look such information up....She got a bit trite (irritated) told me I didn't need to tell her how to do here job. Told her I'd check with another grocer who could assist me. She shrugged her shoulders, waived said "That's your choice", and went about her assigned task unloading frozen turkeys. Great customer service....Management has no clue how to keep a customer.
3	The person who helped us at the register tonight was really nice and helpful about checking a price, but management wouldn't budge.I bought a crate this morning for our marking and destructive doggy at the Spring Mtn location for $38. Got home and the other dog doesn't need to be crated, but ended up enjoying it that I decided we should go get her one too so it's fair. The same crate is $43 here. I just find it weird how a big place like WalMart has different prices and doesn't honor it at another store. This store is best at night to me. In the morning- clusterfuck. Poor associates...this is one crazy volume store to maintain and somehow it stays fairly neat.
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this Walmart yet.  It's the one I shop at most often.  I enjoy shopping at this location, here's why:- It's clean.  Unlike the Walmart that's closest to my home, this one is always well kept and clean.  Kudos the the employees for keeping it this way.- The shopping carts work.  I hate it when I go shopping and the wheels of the cart are jacked up and the cart pulls off to one side.  Or when the carts are filthy and look like they've been carrying trash bags for days....blech!  The carts here are mostly clean and at least 90% of the time they work properly.- It's big.  It's a Super Walmart, which means it has groceries plus all of the other stuff from a normal Walmart.  I like the one-stop-shop aspect of it.  I know what people think about "buy local".....but when I'm buying stuff like drain cleaner, I'm not going to a local store to get that.....we don't have local stores that sell that kind of stuff!  Anyway, for the basics that can't be found at a locally owned store, I buy it here.The only negatives about this store for me is the parking lot......many people have no clue how to park/drive.....and the cashier lines.  For some reason, they have 30+ registers, but most of the time only 10 or so are open....which means long lines....and cashiers are slow most of the time so even if there is only 2 or 3 people ahead of you, it takes F-O-R-E-V-E-R!  I guess it's like that at all Walmarts.....probably a function of the shoppers too.Overall, not too bad of a shopping experience.  Definitely my favorite Wally-World to shop at.  Return Factor - 80%
2	I've stopped here a few times, but it's a long distance from where I live.  There were several items not in stock.  Perhaps they sold a lot over the weekend, but it didn't look like they had enough shelf space.  I really have to say the store had less stock than the two I'm accustomed to.  I won't be eager to return.
3	Despite being one of the cleanest and most well organized Walmart's I have been to, this one usually irks me the most. It's always out of stuff. Always. I can never get everything on my shopping list here no matter what day of the week I go. How can you be out of chocolate ice cream on a Saturday? Other than that (which is usually rectified by going to the F&E down the way) this Walmart is not bad. It has a very pleasing garden section that is laid out very nicely. The clothing area is neat and free from aisle obstructions most of the time. And of course it does suffer from the usual Walmart problem of being insanely crowded on Saturday.
3	I dread going to this walmart because it is so busy. But, you cannot deny how less expensive household items are here rather than the grocery store. Plus, Walmart will match all prices in the grocery mailer and all competitor coupons. So I try to be as organized as ever to get the most savings for the hassle it is to shop here. The parking lot can be dangerous for your car so park a ways out.
4	This is the only Wal-Mart/Super Wal-Mart I like to go to in this town. There is pretty much everything you could need there.I love to cook and they have a great meat selection at this place... I enjoy spending the $26 bucks and getting a huge pork loin to slice up into steaks, cubes, roasts etc. myself... really saves me some cash, and it lasts a long time.Speaking of which they always have sales! Chicken Broth for $.50 cents?!?! I'm In!
4	We go to this Wal Mart for everything!  Allen in the eye care place is awesome.  The guy responsible for ordering the horse items in the pet area is great too!  People there are always nice!
3	What I do like about this store is that it's clean, well stocked,  and I can usually find what I need without asking. Which is good, because trust me when I say that you will go through the tortures of the damned trying to find someone that works there to help you! In fact, almost every time that we go to the sporting goods section, there is no one working behind the counter, and more often than not there are already several other customers not-so-patiently waiting for someone to show up and DO THEIR JOB! Even when you take the time to go up and down the aisles in that section looking for her, she's NEVER there stocking or doing anything else work related. Quite literally every single time that we've been to this Walmart to buy ammunition we've had to go to another department and get someone to hunt down the "associate" that is supposed to be working in sporting goods, and it usually takes atleast 10 minutes before she shows up from god only knows where.Very, very, annoying.Add to that the fact that even though they have like 30 check-out stations, there is never more than 8 that are actually open, so the lines are always long and slo-o-o-o-o-w.But, this is the closest Walmart to my home and since I do like their prices on meat and booze, and the boyfriend loves having a McDonalds in the front lobby, we actually end up coming here quite often.  We've just stopped going to the sporting goods section.
2	Not enough cashiers. You see so many registers but most of them are closed and only 5 or 6 cashiers. Don't like the long line wait. Also don't like that fact they are being stupid with online coupons and insert coupons.
1	WAGGIN TRAIN BEWARE!!!!! This Walmart sold my husband "Waggin Train dog Treats" there is a "caution" out for this product. I gave a bone to 2 of my 3 dogs, the 2 I gave them to almost died, the third I gave a "bonz" to was fine. My vet knew immediately what was wrong, knew exactly what happens with this treat, and took a proactive measure....luckily my 2 dogs lived (with a hefty vet bill) MANY dogs are dying shortly after eating waggin train jerky and bone treats !!!  Go to consumeraffairs.org, go to the FDA website, google this product....Nightmare's are happening to dog lovers all across the country. I contacted this Walmart....it was like I was talking to a rock. No one cares that dogs are dying from kidney failure after eating these Waggin Train dog treats. No one cares about my hefty dog bill, I called Waggin train, i was referred to another company, then had to file a claim with Sedjwich claims. Of course Sedjgewich, on behalf of "Nestle, Purina,Waggin Train" refuses the claim based on "the treats have not been recalled YET" of course there is a CAUTION placed on them at this time based on the FDA........So the good thing is my 2 4 pound dogs still sleep snuggly in my 9 year olds bed at night, and I did not have to bury mine (so many are dying)I see this Walmart still has them on their shelves....so Walmart obviously will not remove them from their shelves....until one of their beloved dogs die....... Corporate greed sure is UGLY!!
3	i always would rather go to a Target but wally world carries items that target doesn't . thus , i am forced to shop here , the store is clean except for the restrooms. wally world has the ugliest shoppers ever, ya should check out the web site on walmart shoppers pics .lol
3	I hate the pharmacy it's always slow at this one.
5	The nicest walmart in Vegas, not nearly enough cashiers or employees (they should hire me, I've applied MANY TIMES) The shelves are always well stocked, I usually run into a sisterwife here or one from their brood! Love this store, you'll find me here OFTEN :) and then the Sams is right next door!
4	I love this Walmart. I have been going here since it opened. It is always clean and stocked well.The produce area is always clean, but the produce itself looks sad.I do wish they had more cashiers because the lines to get long often.They have a hearing aid store, nail salon and hair salon.They have restrooms at the from and back of this store which I like because not all wally worlds have public ones in 2 ends of the store.There is a McDonald's inside this Walmart too. I don't know how long the special will last but between 8:00 PM and 4:00 AM you can get unlimited Big Mac's for just a $1! Yes just a $1. Since I do my grocery shopping later at night that has been a nice treat on the way out. Check with them first as I am sure this wont always be a special.
3	I hate Walmart but they carry Mobil1 oil cheaper than anyone else.  I usually try to avoid this store during the day and go at night since it is 24 hours.  Also, the people at the auto service department are pretty nice.
1	In sum - WalMart. My girlfriend likes -- for whatever strange, twisted reason (tradition, to torture me?) -- to come to this cesspool. Alright. I purchased some car windshield wipers at another, dirtier WalMart (I'll review that gem another day) and I misplaced the receipt. I always figured that WalMart prided itself on two things: lowest prices on its subpar product lines (which is not even true, RE: lowest prices) and taking anything back for exchange (they give you a gift card).Someone forgot to tell the CS 'ASSOCIATE'/wench that treated me like a convicted rapist/thief while she performed the exchange for me. I gave my girlfriend the gift card and said lets go. Something was wrong with their pharmacy (really typical, not atypical) so we could actually really go. WalMart. - E
3	What else is there to say about Walmart, everything is made and China and they have everything you need. Sometimes the employees can be a bit snarky and rude,but I would be too if I got paid what they do.
4	This is a really nice Walmart, which is strange because I usually hate WM and the average "Walmart Customer". I am sure that sounds bad, but you know what I mean. This WM is huge, organized, super clean, and well stocked. It also has a great grocery side that has a ton of options and good prices. Who knew, I may be becoming a regular Walmart goer, as long as it is this location.
2	Ghetto Ghetto Ghetto. What has happened to this Walmart? it used to be soo nice, and well kept, used to be soo clean. I used to just work in the area and would actually travel out of my way to go to this Walmart. Now I lived here and have to use this one more than I want to. It is soo dirty now, it is also never fully stocked, always out of products. Floors are filthy, merchandise everywhere, the farm stand dept smells like a dumpster of rotting fruit and veggies. I see opened food packages everywhere, and I see cold stuff that should be in the fridge in warm areas. I once went there for a can of paint around 7pm and had to wait an hour to get some help. We asked and asked for help and they kept saying it's coming, and never came. Finally I went to the service desk to alert the manager that no one is helping us. She sent someone 15 mins later. I understand that there are rude customers who destroy the store because they have no respect, however, the workers should be able to clean it up just as fast as it happened. I'm not sure if it's under new management, but when it first opened it was wonderful and I always recommended it to people. Now?? it's a damn ghetto joke.
1	This is the first time I have written a review, and it sucks it's a bad one. I normally dread going to Wal-Mart but they do normally have a lot of the items I need for a decent price. I recently moved so had to go to this one. Anything I need is NEVER in stock, if it is their stuff is SOOO unorganized and don't know where anything is you get what you find then go to checkout and there is the typical Wal-Mart only 1-2 check stands open and broken self checkout machines. I went to stop in not that long ago and the second I walked in I was passing produce and I see not one, but two people working in produce "stocking" grapes. Licking their fingers, no gloves on, stealing grapes out of the bag with their dirty hands (God knows how long they were doing this before hand) then zipping them back up and putting them back on the shelves. I kept secretly spying and saw it continue with different types of produce. I've emailed the store twice tried contacting the manager NOTHING. If I have to go to spend a few bucks somewhere else, so be it. I work at a grocery store so it really gets to me. I know these types of things happen in different types of places but the fact the manager doesn't care REALLY made them lose a customer. I was just going to continue going back, never buy food or produce and tell the manager but nope. My money will be spent elsewhere. There is a guy there who works in produce you can tell he loves his job (well his department) and he does his job well and very professional, then you have those employees who will make you lose business. Disgusting. If I could give this store 0 stars I gladly would. Or a negative 10!! Oh yeah, let's not forget how busy it gets and they do NOTHING about it (most likely from poor managment) and I also called to see if they had a certain product, they said yes and I came didn't find it, I asked and was told they have never carried it. The parking lot is also an accident waiting to happen whether you are driving or walking,
2	Like all wal-marts, it has everything you could possibly need at rock bottom prices. However, this wal-Mart is always in a state of disarray and forget the weekends when they're out of stock on groceries and the lines are 5 deep. The employees all look like they just got out of rehab AND failed their high school proficiency test. They're either on the phone or performing some sort of mysterious re-stocking. The speed of the cashiers is always inversely proportional to the length of the line.
4	This is our regular walmart. We have a walmart neighborhood market that is closer but that doesn't offer all the same stuff as a regular walmart and the prices are cheaper at a bigger one. I drive just over 10 miles to shop here because it is affordable and I can find most of what I need under one roof. I will usually check out what deals each store is having and decide if it is worth it to go to that store and get it or just have it price matched here at walmart and get the same deal. I keep seeing these commercials on tv promoting how great the produce is at walmart. Which location? Which state? The produce is more if a miss than a hit here. Either the produce us bare or just looks weak. This visit the produce was bare but I did find some good bananas and bell peppers. Soda by the case is usually cheaper than the 12 packs here. The store itself is clean and there is always an employee nearby to answer any question you might have. I am glad they opened more self check out lanes but when I have a full shopping cart the other lines can be long. There is a McD's as you enter on the food side and they usually have good deals going on after 8pm. Right now it is 4 nuggets for a buck but it changes often. The parking lot is spacious but busy like a zoo because...  well its walmart.
4	After back to back bad experiences at my Walmart mothership, I opted to try my new Walmart home. I grabbed a few small accessories for the vehicle and headed for the door. The lines were backing up and  a friendly cashier called me over to an empty register and rang up my purchase. I stopped at Mickey D's on the way out to grab a beverage and got a good laugh out of the old lady with her arm in a sling giving the poor guy behind the counter a hard time for charging her for mayonnaise. The sign clearly says you will be charged for extra condiments. "But cheese is more expensive than a squirt of mayonnaise and I told you I didn't want cheese or pickles so I shouldn't have to pay for mayonnaise." The couple behind her had a good laugh too. You gotta love Walmart, right?
3	My usual Walmart review is 1 or 2 stars, but I stopped off at this one the other day on my way back from another errand.  I can't believe this is the same chain as the nightmare Wally's at Charleston and Decatur.This one is bright, clean, and seems to be better stocked than most of the locations.  Though I wasn't shopping for groceries, the produce section seemed much better and fresher, too.  Parking also was easier.  And I didn't feel as if I needed a shower when I left!I had to return one of the items I bought, so I returned to the same location to see if my previous experience was an anomaly.  Happy to report that it wasn't!  And they also had more than one cashier open at the non-food end.  That in itself was a feather in their cap.  Not that Walmart is ever my choice, but this one is destined to be my Walmart of choice.
3	As far as walmarts go, this place is newer and pretty clean.Problem is it's usually very busy and they're restocking is downright awful.I've waited weeks for them to restock certain items, seems like they could  revise their computer system.  Constantly run out of Sams bottled water... solution?... order more????I usually shop late night to avoid the crowds b/c the lines get pretty crazy.Dry goods... always the best prices, I come here for everything.  Then hit Sams next door for bulk stuff and gas.Produce.... meats... I usually avoid and pay extra at Smiths or another cleaner grocery store.
4	As Walmarts go this one is probably one of the best I've been in . Very clean very organized the customer service is above what your average Walmart customer service is. The employees seem to be happy to be working here. The customer service line is never long for returns and/or exchanges. I personally have not had a bad experience at this location. The location itself is pretty accessible and convenient. And in a very nice area of Centennial Hills. It's located right next to a Sam's Club like a lot of the Walmarts today. They do a pretty good job at keeping stock on shelves you rarely come in and see empty shelves. Always neat and organized.
5	I thought I lost my credit card. I misplaced it.  The staff in the motor department and customs service were super kind and helpful helping look for it. Thank You!!
4	I like Walmart, I do. It has almost everything you'll ever randomly need, like, ever. What I don't like about it is their rude, half dumb I suppose, workers who don't have work ethic. This irritated me: A lady working at the paint section named Roberta who stomped over her booth with her eyes glued to her damn phone. I had to jump out of her damn way to avoid a physical confrontation with that lady.  An older guy working there said he'll be right with me while he was finishing assisting other customers. Roberta on the other hand was standing in the booth next to the hard working guy texting away on her freaking phone. "I just need a white gloss spray paint finish", I said.The man acknowledges me with a nod while Rober-frickin-ta looks at me, sighs rolling her eyes and says, "four more minutesssss." Like, wtf, man? It literally would only take three minutes tops of her time to get the spray paint a foot away from where she was standing, doing not her job. So I wait patiently for the man to finish up while Roberta talks aloud about doing 'this' tomorrow, four more minutes till I go home, basically showing how she doesn't care for her job as she finally puts her damn phone down. I snap a picture so I can show you guys that I was not kidding. This wasn't THE worst customer service, but freaking damn, Roberta has no work ethic even if  her job is just a paint assistant at Walmart.
1	Service here is terrible! I ordered something off of walmart online and for some reason they canceled my order, came into this store to try to get some "help" and they were useless, gave me the exact same 800 number that I was calling the day before but to no avail. Manager there really doesn't care and just sort of shoo's you off. Try asking any worker here a question beyond "what aisle is so-and-so in" and it becomes a train wreck. They should really make a reality show about customers coming in and asking the workers here for help.
1	I have started to hate walmart. The prices are low, but my time is worth more than the savings. They never have enough cashiers and there is always a huge wait. Taking something back takes longer than LA traffic! I have decided not to spend my money there. Get your customer service and manpower issues together!
1	Walmart sucks i hate it
5	I visit here almost everyday for small/large grocery.very well organized and a lot of things stacked
3	I'm more of a Target gal so I'm kind of biased. This Walmart Super Center is located in the gigantic shopping district known as Centennial Centre and is right next to Sam's Club. What I like about this Walmart is that they carry Primo water jugs. When you exchange your old water jugs at the Primo water exchange machine thingy, you get a voucher to get a discount for new ones. You gotta love the bakery department! French bread for $1 and baked cookies for $2. You can't talk about Walmart without mentioning their price match policy and their generous return policy. You don't even need the ad for a price match or your receipt for a return. Even though I have a general dislike of shopping here, it's those two policies that keep me coming back. The downside to shopping here? The lines are always long and there's never enough cashiers. Be prepared to wait 10-15 minutes in line. Also, there's always a crowd here. You get into traffic jams with other shoppers since it's so busy.
1	I started going to this location about 18 months ago for basic oil changes.  Generally, I have come to expect lower than average customer service from Walmart Tire Centers, but this location outdoes itself.  When I first started coming here, I was actually surprised how nice and helpful the staff were.  The service was quick, and we never had any surprises.  Then something happened, everyone disappeared and was replaced with new, younger people.  These people are HORRENDOUS.  On multiple occasions, I have been the only vehicle being serviced, and been told that it would take at least an hour to have the oil changed. Despite the quoted time being ridiculously slow for a simple oil changed, the actual service generally takes about about an hour and twenty minutes. I once asked how long it would take to have my headlights done...two hours.  The staff are slow, rude, and beyond worthless.  I've even had to pull my car out of the garage and take the dirty rags and tools off my seat myself after having my tires balanced and rotated because the service took nearly two hours and moron that finished the job (yes, he was unbearably slow and lazy...I watched him work on my car the entire time and putz around the garage doing nothing for half of it.) never cleaned up after himself or pulled my car out, but instead began working on other people's cars that had just barely pulled in.   I've been patient and have given them many chances, but never again.  I am never coming back here.  The service is among the worst I have ever received from any establishment in any industry.
3	I don't really like huge corporate stores, but when the need arises to enter such store this place isn't bad.
4	I love this place because it always nice people that help you if need it and I most like coming after 10:00pm cuz there not a lot of people they also have a McDonald's inside and clean also they give your food fast and hot
1	I hate Walmart ... Why don't I stay out you ask ?! Because it's xmas and buying a secret Santa gift card for someone who you barely know seems an appropriate reason to come to this hell on earth place. Walmart sucks simple as hell , stay away!!
2	Not the worst Walmart I have ever been to, but by far not the best.  No one in the store knows where anything is or knows how mix paint either.  The lines are very very long so you better bring a book.  Unfortunately Walmart has a monopoly so we as Americans really have no choice but to use their store.
