2	As a student, there are some places, which over the years, you eventually dread to visit. The Hugh Robson building, for me, is certainly one of those. Located in George Square, this place is famous for its twenty four hour computer lab, one of the few located in George Square. You might be thinking, well that's great, I can go there to do work anytime I please! However, the Hugh Robson's nickname sends shivers down a student's back - The Bunker! Yes, the computing lab is on the basement level, with one larger room (with no windows) and two smaller rooms (one with windows). The computers are all the same and there are printing facilities. However, that is not the issue! Round the time when essays are due in, this place is full all night, and what a depressing state of affairs it is! Students who evolve to resemble zombies, bins full of unhealthy snacks and even worse, the atmosphere of hopelessness! Do yourself a favour, don't leave an essay till the last moment, no student wishes another student to experience a night in the Hugh Robson!
5	For me the Hugh Robson building is the perfect place to study, there are no distractions, the layout is simple and boring, exactly what you need for an area of work. I like the fact that there are no windows in the main lab for two reasons, firstly if there were windows I know I would simply daze out of them, and secondly being Scotland, all you would see is rain, which would make you feel even more depressed if that impending essay deadline wasn't enough.Whether your flatmates are being too noisy, you lack an internet connection or you just don't enjoy studying at home, the 24 hour lab will always serve as a a sanctuary to all of your intellectual needs.During the essays and exam period the computer labs do become very full, but seeing as the lab accommodated over 200 people, there is normally someone leaving every few minutes, where in the mean time it would be possible to make use of one of the vending machines located in the lobby area of the building offering essential revision food- sweets and crisps!
4	Hugh Robson Building is the place to come when you have an impending assignment or exam to be getting on with.  I usually just work in my flat or the library, but when the internet goes down I head straight to Hugh Rob. The atmosphere is verging on depressing with no windows and simple decor.  Yet with limited distraction it offers a great place to work.  The computers are all in good condition and easy to use (unlike those stupid apple macs in the library!!), great for downloading necessary documents for any work you may have.  Hugh Robson is nobodies favourite place in the world but it's a great place to come to get in the zone for doing some work.
