2	I came here to get re-sized. I had a young girl help me out and she measured me and after doing her fancy shmancy bra math she came to the conclusion that I was an A cup. Errr. Wrong. I couldn't get both cups in an A cup bra to cover one of my boobs. I laugh and inform her that she is mistaken and to try again. I even told her what I was and now what I think I am. She proceeds to argue with me as if I have no knowledge about boobs. I wanted to tell her that I have about 10 years more boob experience than she does, but I felt like I was getting nowhere. Finally, she grew a brain and asked her manager to help her. The manager came over and before she even measured me she told me what size she thought I was (from just a glance) and she was spot on. I bought a couple of bras, but never again will I ask them for size help. Maybe if they put them through some type of boob training course, but I'd have to see the diplomas on the wall.
3	I came here yesterday because I needed a swimsuit and I tend to like the one's Victoria's Secret has over some of the other stores.  It's a very large one compared to a lot of other ones I've been to so I liked having a bigger selection of everything.  All the girls in the main area were very friendly and kept making sure that I didn't need help or have any questions.The selection of swimsuits wasn't amazing, but it's the end of March, I was just happy they had anything.  I found one that I liked and wanted to try on so I went over to the dressing room area and stood there with the swimsuit on the hanger while two employees chit chatted back and forth.  One of them finally notices me and says the other one will help me.  She then walks over to a room and asks if I wanted to get sized.  I told her that I had just had it done a week before so I didn't need it (not to mention that I was trying on a swimsuit not a bra so i don't see why she even bothered asking).  Now I figured that saying that I had already been sized would get her to just hurry up and get me into a room but no.  She then asked what size I had been measured at.  Um, I don't really see the need for you to have that but whatever.  Then she asked my name and how to spell it.Now I know that none of this really seems like a problem, but when the girl is being rude while asking you personal questions like that, it kind of puts you in a bad mood.  So at that point I just wanted to get into the room, make sure the suit fit and get out of there.  I probably would have stayed longer and bought something else but that girl was just too pushy and did not put me in the mood to shop.
1	Didn't have matching bottoms:\
