4	We missed the first venue but had a great time at every other place. It was worth the price and would recommend it to everyone who wants to check out multiple bars!
5	I planned a bachelor party for about 15 guys and went with VIP UNLTD. Andrew hooked us up - we got into great clubs (Light at Mandalay Bay, Mix at The Hotel, Hyde and the Bank at Bellagio). We waited in lines for a total  of 15 minutes. Everyone had a great time!Pros: Convenient way to get into clubs, especially for a group of all guys (although the girls from other groups that night enjoyed themselves too)Cons: Have to meet by 10:30pm (may be early for some groups)Overall: We had a time and Andrew was great to work with. I'd do it again!
5	We had a GREAT time with Andrew (our host/promoter) on the VIP UNLTD club crawl! There was a group of 5 of us (3 guys, 2 girls) and this was my first club crawl experience. What a solid introduction! We snagged a deal for this crawl from Yipits and we couldn't pass it up. The price was too good!My group showed up at around 10:15 pm at the Evening Call at Mandalay Bay for check in, but right before that Andrew texted me, asking if we were on our way, and he was willing to wait for us since we were running a little late. Upon arrival he was really friendly and funny as HELL! Definitely provided us with laughs and good conversation the whole night. He also provided us with several rounds of shots between stops. Pretty dope. The venues were NICE! We hit up Light, Mix, and the Foundation Room, which are all inside Mandalay Bay. The final stop was LAX inside Luxor. They were all nice and super fun, especially FR and LAX because they had a nice mix of EDM as well as radio songs/hip- hop. Overall we were satisfied though. We never waited in line more than maybe 3-5 mins and everything went smoothly. Each stop was roughly an hour. I'd totally do a crawl with Andrew and VIP UNLTD again! I look forward to another in depth discussion about hip hop with him, haha! Good times!
4	VIP unlimited was a nice little deal for Vegas. As most of you know, you should not got clubbing without a plan in vegas. If you do, you may waste 3 hours of your time waiting in lines. Our host was Andrew and he was mad cool hooking us up with 4 shots on the night. Apple vodka and cranberry juice was definitely on point. Most of our crawl was focused in Mandalay Bay. The venues were Light, Mix. Foundation room, and LAX in the luxor. The were all walking distance and all had there perks whether it was the view, music, or vibe. Had a great time and definitely would do it again but this time with hopefully a different mix of clubs.
5	We had a fantastic night out in Vegas with VIP UNLTD!  We met up with Andrew at Evening Call & started our night off right with some slushies bought with a discount.  We then walked over to Light in Mandelay Bay.   After Light we went next door to Luxor and into LAX.  After that we piled into a party truck (complete with lasers, video screens, and free booze!) and headed off for photos at the famous Welcome to Las Vegas Sign.  And then our last stop on the tour was The Bank inside the Bellagio.This was a fantastic way for us to sample different clubs in Vegas & it was great to not have to wait in any lines & get the VIP treatment for entry at each place.  The 3 clubs were a variety of size, style, and music; so they had picked out a good range for people with different tastes.  Andrew was an excellent host & was very accommodating for our groups questions/requests.I would definitely recommend anybody coming to Vegas that wants to go clubbing to check these guys out!
5	Absolutely recommend TO Bar crawl with VIP unlimited, we were a group of six no waiting in lines, got to see 3 major fun clubs, ride the party bus have complementary drinks on the way to the Vegas sign which I loved. Definitely  will use  their service again next time we go to Vegas. If you come across people complaining about being left behind at the clubs, keep in mind they either did not pay attention or got intoxicated. because Andrew it's super clear with instructions . We had great time.
4	great time with host Andrew. was a lil unsure about a club tour but this is the best way for a bunch of dudes (10 of us) to get in and out of some pretty good venues. party bus was great. other parties were great. all great. would do again.  p.s. don't be a dick. tip your host at the end of the night.
