4	I am constantly at Mesa Riverview doing shopping, and have seen Angel Sweet Gelato about a zillion times.  Being that the weather is getting hotter, I decided that it was time to wander in and try this place out.I was pleased to see that they had a small but nice selection of Gelato.  Everything looked well signed, clean, and appitizing.  Impressive!  The service here was wonderful.  Staff was wonderfully helpful, answered all my questions, and let me taste a few flavors before settling on thier vanilla flavor.I did take out since I had to go home and do other stuff, other wise I would have stayed here and eaten it in thier store.I will gladly return for thier tasty gelato.  The only reason I gave them 4 stars is because this location is NOT on thier website for some reason.  I guess they have two locations...and this is the second one.  Its been open for as long as I've lived in this part of town and thats been about a year or so.  They lost a star for not having this place listed, and I had to call thier other location to get the address info for this one specifically.  In this economy, I think you need all the advertising you can get, even if its putting up your address online.  FYI.
5	I work just around the corner from this location and last night I had to give it a try.  I've only had gelato one other time so to me this was a new experience.  I loved it.  The staff was wonderful and gave us a brief history of how the gelato is made.  I had a taste of my husband chocolate oreo and it was so YUMMY!  I decided on their tropical surprise and it was Yummy too.  They make their Gelato daily so you know it's fresh.   I'm going back as often as I can.
5	Great selection and goooood flavor. This place is a cozy spot to try and enjoy a good gelato. I tend to have the chocolate flavors, and they had at least 3 different kinds. You won't believe this place has something sweet for you, so give it a try!
4	gorgeous gelato!!! and near my home! so thrilling! :D their prices are reasonable, the place is squeaky clean, and the staff is friendly. I enjoy their extra super dark chocolate (forget the actual name), Panna Cotta, and Coconut.. also love pistachio! :D
4	Angel Sweet Gelato is a welcome treat on a hot day. It sits in a small strip in the middle of Mesa Riverview, but if you can find it (west of Logan's), it's worth a stop.The selection of flavors is large, including a dozen dairy-free fruit flavors that aren't quite as decadent as the dairy gelatos in the left-hand case. I've tried the lemon and all the berry flavors, and haven't found anything that wasn't delicious. The prices are reasonable, and you can order sizes from one small scoop to a big box (all unfortunately served in styrofoam).There isn't a lot of seating in Angel Sweet, but I've never seen it full. Get a punch card if you live in the area. If you like firemen, this would be a good place to see them hanging out.  =)
4	This is my first review on yelp. My wife and I were looking for a place we could take the kids for ice-cream tonight after visiting bass pro shops. Did a search on yelp found this place.I've got to say I've never tried gelato before but my wife thought it looked good. I got peanut butter and banana, the wife got PB and choc Oreo, and my kids got Oreo and choc chip... As my 5 yr old said, this place is off the hook. We will definitely come back.
3	I came here with my mom because she has an insatiable sweet tooth. She asked the girl behind the counter if the coffee flavored gelato had caffeine in it. The girl replies, "I don't know. I don't make it."We kind of laughed it off but then when I asked her if they had anything that was dairy-free she says, "I don't know. I don't make it."After complete shock we just shook it off and ordered our gelato. My mother attempts one more time to get something useful out of this girl. She asks her to suggest another flavor to go with chocolate. The girl replies, "I don't know. I don't eat it."I couldn't believe it. I mean sure she's probably in high school and it's true...she doesn't make it and most likely doesn't eat it. But hello....CUSTOMER SERVICE!Besides that the gelato was amazing and pretty okay priced. Banana Yum!
4	Mmmmmmm gelato. This place has a lot of variety, a great quality product and reasonable prices.  It's staffed by young kids but they're friendly and do what it takes to keep the line moving.  (People...if you're still deciding step aside and let me order my large pistachio pumpkin, OK?)My only wish would be that they switch up the flavors a bit more.
5	My friends and I are currently devouring our 8oz. cups of gelato. The girl at the counter (we didn't catch her name, but she rocked!) quickly greeted us and helped us with the gelato experience. She willingly gave us samples of everything(!) and she offered up tasty combinations of flavors. I ended up with the strawberry & cheesecake, Jon S. got straw/cheesecake/pb, and James got mango and fruit. They make it fresh everyday and you can definitely taste the quality and freshness of it. We're not sure how we're going to finish all of this gelato but it sure is yum!
4	Mmmmmm.  New flavors to try (pana cotta, apple, pineapple)!  Staff was super friendly and helpful.  The gelato was delish and reasonably priced.  Open til 10 pm on Fri and Sat, which is purdy dang good for Mesa.
5	Excellent gelato! Always fresh and a large selection of classic and interesting flavors: super dark chocolate, Oreo, panna cotta, lemon, fruits of the forest, to name a few.
5	I come here a couple times a month for me and my son's weekly "ice cream date". The place is always clean and the selection of gelato is great. I love that all the fruit flavors (minus coconut) are dairy free and SO GOOD! Don't let the small sizes fool you, i promise a little goes a long way here.
4	I had the fruits of the forest flavor and really enjoyed it.  Staff was very helpful.  Will definitely be coming back.
4	Rich and decadent gelato at reasonable prices.  While the fruitier flavors will be a bit more icy than smooth, the creamier/chocolatey ones are the perfect smooth texture.  The flavors are not overly strong, which is fine with me since I will usually have a combination of flavors, and the more mild flavors balance each other out.  I have been a fan of Angel Sweet gelato for years, and will continue going here as long as I am in Arizona.
4	This place was mucho yum..... I went here last week and thought it was going to be not so good, as there were a whole bunch of cops outside and only high school kids running it. I was so wrong! The people that worked there were very friendly and let me try different flavors without seeming annoyed or anything. I ended up getting super dark chocolate (or something to that effect) and coffee. The coffee is like real coffee... not sweet, but tasty. The super dark is also not very sweet, it has a bitter chocolate flavor.... I really enjoyed that, as you don't get those kinds of flavors in gelato or ice cream too often. The BF got peanut m&m flavor and really enjoyed it. He said it had the overall flavor of a peanut m&m, it wasn't just gelato with peanut m&ms in it. Overall, it was really good and I would definitely come back.
1	Visited today right @ noon.  this is a start up company, they did not have any prices on the wall and the sign on the windows are crooked.  We went in to see and try the gelato. no one was behind the counter and no one ever came out, we called out, whistled and everything then we left after a while since no one knew what customers were all about.  they should have a bell ring or something when the door opens. as addition to detail is not part of this company.  also could not find a list of ingredients anywhere and according to Arizona law all food businesses must post a list of ingredients for everything they sell
4	I've been here twice now and both times it was great! Each time, the guy behind the counter was friendly, helpful and didn't look put out when we asked to sample different flavours. it always takes me a while to figure out what I want, and what flavours would work best together, and neither one looked or acted annoyed as I tried most of the gelato in the case. For the price you get a good amount. The kids' size is $2.00 and you can mix two different flavours if you wanted to. The first time i went I got the plum and the fruits of the forest in a waffle cone. I have to say the plum is AMAZING! It doesn't taste like plum flavoured stuff, it tastes like an actual plum. Perfect and refreshing on a hot Arizona summer day. the fruits of the forest was good too, but I think the plum was better. The second time the gf and I shared a coconut and panna cota. The panna cota is fantastic! Rich and creamy. I still prefer the fruit flavours during the summer, but it's a hard choice. The fruit flavours are egg and dairy free, which is great for kids with allergies, and they're really careful about preventing cross contamination with the peanut and non peanut flavours. (Our kid has a severe peanut allergy, and is allergic to eggs, so this is important to us.) We'll definitely be going back again... and again...
5	Love it! Very good stuff and I love sharing it with others... I wish they'd get one in Gilbert near guadalupe and gilbert rd.
5	I'm not a huge ice cream fan but I really like Gelato. It's lite, flavorful and half the fat of regular ice cream. I highly recommend the coconut so good!
5	amazing!!!!!!!!
4	People are nice! The gelato is amazing super yum-yum!
4	This place is pretty legit. They have delicious and unique flavors that are good to enjoy alone or blended with another flavor. The prices are pretty reasonable as well. I would recommend this place for sure!
5	We love Angel Sweet. Here's why:1. There's always plenty of parking.2. The kids working there are nice.3. They have the BEST PEANUT BUTTER GELATO I have ever eaten. 4. They don't limit you to the number of flavors you can get in a size, like some other places do.So go ahead, try that super dark with the peanut butter and the cheesecake and fall in love with Angel Sweet. Just be prepared to sit on the hard bench outside or take it to go--they have only three or four tables inside.
5	OMG- DEELISH!The super dark chocolate is to die for, especially combined with either pistachio, cheesecake, or coffee.All of the fruity flavors are a huge hit with my kids and my husband.Their prices vs portions are completely reasonable- and knowing that I'm getting something that is better quality than ice cream just makes the whole thing sweeter!
5	Amazing Gelato!  Fantastic flavors.  Free tastes of everything you want for first timers!  If I lived out here, i'd frequent this place waaaaaay too often.  They also offer a punch card deal!  Personally, I love the tiramisu flavor.
5	I have been going to Angel Sweet for a few years now and it has yet to disappoint.  They have the best gelato outside of Italy and today was no exception.  They always have the same basic flavors and then they add others on a daily basis.  I have been to other gelato places and they definitely do not compare.  Be sure to try the apple cinnamon...WOW!!Pros:     The flavors are plentiful and amazing!              The staff is very nice              Open late              They have a water cooler for free waterCons:     I wish they were open 24/7  :)
5	Their gelato is like my dream guy, rich and super smooth.And cold. And creamy. Sometimes nutty or fruity.Wait, this is becoming a terrible analogy.Just go try it. You'll swear off ice cream forever.
5	This place is super yummy!  I do miss my favorite gelato scooper Hannah Grout however!  Its the friendly employees that make my visits enjoyable!
5	When you promise desert to a three year old, you had better come through...they have minds like steel traps!  So the moment we finished lunch, my daughter lovingly reminded us about our aforementioned promise.We went next door to Angel Sweet, not knowing exactly what to expect. I had heard lots of great things, but you never really know for sure about something until you try it yourself. After all..."opinions" and whatnot...At first glance, the facility comes across as small. There are only three tiny tables inside, each with two chairs, and all in very close proximity to one another. Now, there are a few random seats near the window, and there's a park style bench on the wall under a mural of a couple of small shops, I can only assume Italian. My first thought was, "I'll bet this place gets uncomfortably crowded during the peak summer months." But, I digress.When you look at the displays for the various gelato flavors, you understand where all of the square footage went for this building. There are at least 20 different varieties of gelato, each flavor laid out like a work of art under that glass. It almost makes you want to eat them all (*NOTICE: DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS RIDICULOUS FEAT!!! That would be gastrointestinal suicide).We had plenty of time to study the flavors on our inaugural trip, as the gelato pusher was nowhere to be found. For a brief second, I thought to myself, "This is going to end badly...). Moments later, I realized why there was a little hold up...the gelato man emerged from the back room with two more gelato trays to fill a couple of voids under the glass. His emergence might as well have been in slow motion. He was carrying two heaping masses of fresh gelato art. I think I saw smoke...and possibly doves. There might have been 80's hair metal in the background. The whole thing just SCREAMED "John Woo".After relieving himself of the two new flavors on the street, he apologized for the wait, and then explained a few things about the gelatos to us. He mentioned to us that we were allowed to sample as many flavors as we wanted. Now, at most gelato places, they give you that weird square spoon to try the samples. Not here. They give you full sized plastic teaspoons!I only needed one sample. The Panna Cotta was AWESOME! I They offer a variety of cones, but I always go for ice cream in a cup (you know...to avoid the extra calories). They offer small, medium large, and kid's sized cups. Within the small, medium and large cups, you are allowed to mix up to three flavors. In the kid's cup, you can only mix two. Now, usually, when you get ice cream in a cup, there's lots of leftover space after the attendant scoops in your confection. Not here. This guy filled this cup like he was filling a hole in drywall, and his deposit depended on it!In retrospect, I should have ordered the kid's cup. This gelato is HEA-VY!!! There's a disclaimer about that very fact next to the cash register, but I guess I was too mesmerized by the beautiful gelato to notice until it was too late.Bottom line...this place is AWESOME!!! Just remember to heed the warning. A little of this stuff goes a LONG way!
5	My taste buds will forever be thankful that I tried this place. We came in after eating next door because I'd been craving something sweet. The guy behind the counter was wonderful. He was super sweet (no pun intended) and was eager for us to try as many flavors as we wanted. He was very knowledgable about the product and sold us from the minute we walked in. The mango gelato made my knees melt. We will definitely be back and I highly recommend that everyone tries this place.
1	Unfortunately I will never go to Angel Sweet again due to a very unpleasant encounter I had with the manager here.  I came to ask about having Angel Sweet cater an event I was doing for a non profit or to see if they'd donate a gift card. Rather than just saying "no" I was berated for "money grubbing" and then the supervisor proceeded to walk into the back while continuing to yell at me for having the gall to ask for a donation.  I have no problem with rejection and obviously understand that small business are often not able to support non profits in our community.  What I don't understand is how someone in a customer facing role can be so incredibly rude to a member of the public.  I live less than a mile from Angel Sweet and used to go here a minimum of once a week. I got the message loud and clear that Angel Sweet doesn't want or need my business.
4	Not sure if Angel Sweet to switching to Gelato Spot or vice versus.  The door and sign says Angel Sweet but the cups and receipt said Gelato Spot.  Me confused!  Either way, roasted almonds and new york cheesecake is YUM!1 minus - the employee was so NOT happy to be there.  We got some attitude.  Sorry for intruding your work time.
1	This location is closed now.
