5	I've used Controlled Rain for years and they've always arrived on time with great customer service.  I don't know that they're the cheapest but if you have a nasty irrigation problem they're all over it!  A+!
5	Called at 7:15am, received a call back at 7:55am.  5 Minutes before they are scheduled to open.  Sent out Josh the same day to take a look at a leaking valve in the back yard.  Was very honest, and said to do a couple of things and will return to fix on Wednesday.  Not an issue since the water was able to be turned off.  Was going to replace the pipes connecting the valves (3 valves).  Estimate was $110, with $10 off for the Angie's list coupon. When Josh returned on Wednesday (at 9am, the scheduled time) and went to go to work.  5 minutes later Josh tells me the valves were simply loose.  Was really cool and just said how would anyone know when its under water.  After talking about if we should move forward with pipe replacement, based on his suggestion it wasn't really needed. After he tighten all the valves, and checked for leaks, said he was going to do an evaluation of the whole yard.  He checked all heads, coverage and anything pertaining to the sprinklers.  Not only did he do all that, he set the timer, and made a couple of adjustments.  After all this (about 30 minutes worth of work), wrote a check for $45.  Only charged me to re-wire the valves and the the yard evaluation.  Would use these guys again and again.  Great service, and extreme honest and fair.
5	The experts at Controlled Rain, Josh and Ken installed my irrigation system a few years ago at a very reasonable price. Their honesty and integrity is outstanding and whenever I have a question or need anything relating to my irrigation system, they respond promptly. I'm living out of state now and called them to see if they could send someone over to shut off one of the valves in a flower bed that was hitting my garage wall and without hesitation, Ken went right over and shut it off. They explain everything fully so that you understand and they provide authentic, honest and quick service. Where I've had challenges with Arizona contractors in the past regarding service, I've not experienced any issues with Controlled Rain. I can't say enough wonderful things about them. You cannot go wrong with this company. I only wish I could take Josh, Ken and Carol to my next house with me!!!!!!!!!!!
