5	This place is great. What sets it apart from other shops is the set up. I have been to a lot of coffee shops that are one room and you are sort of up in everyones business. This place has split levels. The owners run the place and I could talk to them all day. Very friendly. Food is delicious. A great place to spend an afternoon.
4	For those of you who like to explore the North Side like myself you are always looking for new and exciting things that remind you why this side of the city is so great. Java House for those who aren't familiar used to be named "The Vault" and is located right on California Ave. The new owners have done a marvelous job bringing the coffee shop to life by putting themselves into the shop. If you were to ever wonder who they are, they are in fact the nice couple that works there as well!The nice niche of this coffee shop that you may find interesting is the back room. It's a living room area that is so unique because it will in fact remind you of a house and it's just as comfortable as well. The food there is quite delicious and I have to say the only con I found in this area was a lack in selection but other than that it truly was fantastic food to find at a coffee shop. The price is reasonable and parking is rather easy since there isn't much down that way. If you ever find yourself looking for a mellow place to grab a cup of Joe, check out Java House, you won't be disappointed.
5	NOT CLOSED!!! This place is awesome!!!! I drive from Verona to Brighton Heights just to get a sandwich!!!!
5	This place was great! I had the turkey sandwich, and it was far and beyond what I expected. Completely delicious and a lot of food for your money.Highly, highly recommend.
4	Quaint, spacious, and independently owned coffee house that also serves breakfast and lunch. The service is friendly, and there's usually locals sitting around drinking coffee and talking. The coffee itself is fine (I prefer it to SBUX) and reasonably priced. They accept credit cards.
5	The Java House is our go to place for a delicious lunch, great company, coffee and tea, and the BEST smoothies in town.  Every sandwich is made to order, and Yolanda's are so good that they are known as "Yolanda Sandwiches" in our house.  The only place on the Northside that uses fresh fruit in their smoothies (no gross syrup), and real chai tea in their chai tea lattes.   The Java House is a comfortable place to meet clients, enjoy time with friends, or just relax.  I love it!
5	The Java House Is My Morning Stop After Working Out...I Enjoy A Nice Hot Cup of Coffee Paired With Great Conversation...Java House Truly Creates a Welcoming Environment... Truly A Gem On California Avenue.
5	The Java House Has Been A Great Local Neighborhood Cafe Since Bob and Yolanda Opened It...Bob and Yolanda Has Since Moved Back To California ( We Miss Them)However They Have Passed The Torch To New Owners...The New Owners Are Keeping The Great Things We Have Came To Love (Black Bean Sloppy Joe) As Well As Adding Plenty Of Healthy Options.  The Healthy Options Have Been Added Benefit For The Members At California Cycle Path...I Also Love The Fact That You Still Can Get Black Bean Sloppy Joe With No Bun In A Cup If You Would Like To Cut Back On Carbs...
4	I have been going to this coffeehouse since it's first iteration when it was The Vault.  I absolutely love having a coffeehouse in the neighborhood and have loved some versions more than others.  The new owners of Java House are doing a decent job of keeping the food reasonably priced and tasty and the hours and atmosphere is mostly unchanged though I do love the addition of the Sunday hours, but I won't hold my breath because it seems that in general those hours end up going away.  The downside for me is that the coffee is never FANTASTIC - it's always just average to good.  I'm happy that they have the option of almond milk though - that is a bonus that will keep me coming back.  I just really wish that there were more options when it comes to food for lunch like the addition of soups and a simple salad or maybe breakfast options (other than bagels with melted cheese and pastries) at least on the weekends.  I really want Java House to thrive under the new ownership and I will continue to support this local business for as long as I am in the neighborhood or for as long as it is in the neighborhood.
1	This is the third time now since the new owners have taken over Java House that I've gotten really burnt tasting coffee. This morning was the worst. I stopped by during a walk and got a latte with almond milk to go. I had to dump it out because the coffee was so burnt that it smelled and tasted like burnt chemicals and plastic. I just cannot see shelling out $5.50 (I tipped $1) for something that I literally poured down the drain. I make much better coffee at home and despite the fact that I want to support a neighborhood small business I just cannot until the new owners get themselves and their employees trained in how to make a proper coffee drink.
