3	So, I opened my door yesterday to find a menu for China Garden. "Grand Opening," it said, and boy, is the menu extensive, from pu pu platter to old standbys to chef's specialties, it covers more than the standard Asian fare. There are also 3 lamb dishes, chicken wings, and fried seafood platters for good measure. Prices were very reasonable, so we decided to order in lunch. (China Garden bills itself as a takeout and delivery place, but they do have a few small tables.) What we ordered followed by an assessment: *crab rangoons- have had better, have had worse. *egg drop soup- super simple, good texture, a tad salty for my husband, just fine for me. *won ton soup- the flavor of the broth wasn't the best, but the tender won tons were filled with small meatballs of flavorful pork. *sweet and sour pork- it came with sauce on the side, just like I would have preferred, and the pork was very tender and delicious. I ordered brown rice which was well cooked also. *Husband got the General Tso's tofu which he thought was just OK- he was excited to try it because we've never seen it on a vegetarian menu before, but he decided that tofu is just not well suited to that dish, and it could have been spicier. Next time we'll specify the spice level. All in all, the meal was fine, with my pork being the stand out. Will we order again? Sure. There's plenty on the menu to try, they are open 7 days a week, and they did not charge extra for delivery. Their delivery area is Power to Gilbert and Warner to Broadway.
4	Fast and huge portions. Best for lunch takeout
4	I love this place! The food has always been stellar and the staff is very friendly. I have ordered many different things and never been disappointed.
1	Don't eat here. My Chicken Teriyaki was made with left-over pork. Business gone downhill over past 2 years. They are out of business and serving whatever is in the fridge. Seriously! Don't go!
4	I like this place. I love that it is in the east valley and open late. I work second shift and it is rare to find an Asian Restaurant that is open so late. I have tried the crab rangoons, crispy noodles, fried rice, sweet and sour chicken, chicken with veggies, fried wontons. I am pretty picky about my Chinese food, and I really like this place. I wouldn't say love, although I do like it  a lot. No wedding any time soon, HA. The only criticism I have is that the sweet and sour sauce does leave a bit of an after taste. I have had delivery, and they are pretty quick and my order has always been correct. I hope this helps~
4	I've been to China Garden about a dozen times and the food has always been pretty good. The service, not so much. They are great for carry out. They offer delivery, but I haven't taken them up on that yet. Their lunch specials are great entree, rice, and soup or soda for either 4.75 or 4.95 (including shrimp options. The shrimp are large and always taste good). For me, I can make one lunch combo last for two days if I get two egg rolls to go with it. (They're large and taste pretty okay for 2.20. They aren't the best egg rolls but they are better than some of the other places around here.)I'm not a spicy food person, and this place has been great for me and my stomach. However, I go with people who like spice and they haven't been disappointed either. The only thing I would recommend is that you stay away from the beef. It seems to be a bit slimmy to me, but everything has been yummy.I had a bad experience once when I ate in (not the only time I ate in). They brought me my drink and soup and 20 minutes later they had to come out and ask what we ordered, cause they forgot about it or lost the order or something. That's about the only bad experience I've had with them.The lo mein is good and the egg foo young is excellent.
1	Needed to have a quick dinner and the beautiful wife wanted to try a new Chinese place. Let's just say it was not all that good. Phoenix and dragon... Combo general tso's and spicy shrimp... Fried chicken parts with broccoli in watery sweet hot sauce with no flavor. Shrimp with ketchup sugar and red pepper flakes. Not good. Chicken with brown sauce... Fish fried chicken in sweet dark sauce with vegetables and peanuts. No flavor. Nothing redeeming. Beef with pea pods. Over salted and meat barely edible. Pea pods were ok.Hot and sour soup was actually egg flour soup with vinegar and chili flakes added. The cornstarch was a noticeable ingredient. Not good. Ordered brown rice. Was not fully cooked dry and not edible. The front counter person was attentive and nice. So it was not a total loss, except for a waste of money.
1	every once and a while i have a craving for chinese take out. today was one of those days. i ordered online because it was just too hot to drive today and they sent a confirmation email saying it will take about forty minutes. fine with me! an hour comes by and i decided to call just to make sure my order was delivered okay online. i was put on hold twice and then a they told me my order had just left the building. okay i wasnt to mad, everyone gets busy, i figured since they were busy it must be good food! and then another half hour came by and by now i had a screaming two year old saying hungry. the door bell finally rang and the delivery guy shoved my food in my face and counted my money to make sure i tiped him well.i was already mad, then my food was cold, the cashew chicken that i ordered extra cashews was disturbingly gross and no extra cashews unless they only put five regularly. the sweet and sour chicken would have been okay but it was cold, and my two liter was hot. needless to say i will not be ordering from here again, ever.
5	Me and my family eat here often. The portions are large, the food is always hot and fresh. This is also the only place I have been to yet since leaving New York that knows the difference between an egg roll and a spring roll. I recommend this place to everyone, and many of my friends have expressed their thanks for the suggestion after they've eaten there.Appears to be family run, everyone is polite. Only "problem" I ever have is when I phone in the order. The woman who answers is so soft spoken that sometimes it is hard to hear her, but my orders have never once been wrong.
4	Ordered on a Friday night, was delivered piping hot within 20 minutes! Food is delish, prices are great, very helpful employees... happy to answer questions and give suggestions. I ordered sweet and sour chicken and broccoli beef. It was great, highly recommend!
2	NYC Chinese food must mean flavorless food! I received a flyer for this recently opened location so i decided to try it out. we ordered quite alot of items and nothing was to our liking.  local buffets and even Panda Express tastes much better than this place.  wonton soup... no flavor at allpork fried rice... needed some seasoning and was under cooked egg rolls .... large but filled with nothing but cabbagesweet n sour pork ...soggy and coating was too thickorange chicken... tasted like breaded chicken w sweet n sour sauce poured on itbeef and broccoli..not bad but need some more flavorchicken lo mein.... bunch of wet noodles ..flavor people flavor.Since this location is new other older reviews must have been about another location they must have had that is OUT OF BUSINESS now.  If they do not improve the flavor soon they will  be gone soon also.  i don't plan on wasting more money here any time soon.
5	Super fast delivery of Specialty Pad Thai & Specialty Fried Rice. Yummy, They don't include a menu unless you ask.
5	First time eating here, delivery was fast and within 30 min.  Food was exactly as I ordered, very pleased and will eat here again.
5	Really really yummy. Their family meal is a ridiculous amount of food for so cheap. You could feed 5 or 6 people easily and it's $33. It's hard to get good pizza for close to that price. They're really friendly too. Oh and the delivery is always on time. I've ordered probably 5 times and it's on time and hot!
