1	Very slow. Ordered a single item in stock on 6/19. Kept checking site and order did not show to even be in process till 6/28. Sent email asking what the issue was and got return with shipping track info. They told me 7/2 was the day of delivery. Probelm was when i pulled up tracking, FedEx had not even received the item on 7/2. Now it shows 7/10 as delivery day. So almost a month to receive my item. Unacceptable. Saved about $5 ordering from these guys vs everywhere else that sells same item. Trust me, next time i will pay the $5 and get it from better company. Terrible!
1	Any money you save buying from them is quickly eaten up, and then some, by extremely slow processing and poor product quality. I ordered 10 adult CPR manikins and 10 infant CPR manikins and 5 AED trainers. My order came in in two parts (AED trainers first, then manikins) several weeks apart despite all communication saying my order was shipped together with the first shipment. I had to call to find out that my other items were actually out of stock and were still at the supplier's warehouse and would be a week or more until it ships. The AED's all had batteries leaking and rusty when they arrived and I returned half of the manikins because they looked like they had been used in a preschool- most of the fingers had been chewed up. Returns ARE terrible and expect to be screwed if you need to do it. I followed all of the return instructions to the letter (including the requirement to have the return items tracked and insured to the tune of $85 from Seattle). They say it takes 2-3 days to process the refund AFTER they receive the items, so I call more than 10 days after I know they received it and, even though they see they have gotten the product back, they refuse to refund me the money for at least another 5 days- two weeks after they received the items. So of the $725 in returned product and $85 shipping, the two week interest-free loan, and a 20% restocking fee of $145, I was only refunded $545 of the $800+ I originally spent.If you can afford to lose 30% or more of the original purchase cost AND giving out interest-free loans you'd probably be better off doing micro-loans to 3rd world farmers or hell, just giving it to a homeless person. At least then you know your wasted time and money did some good in the world.
5	I recently purchased CPR Manikins and a few first aid items.  I had ordered online and once I was finished I had a few corrections that needed to be made.  I called the customer service 800 number and they gal there assisted me with great ease.  I received my order in 4 business days contrary to the 3-7 as stated on the website which was a huge plus as I had a class that weekend and couldn't splurge on expedited shipping.    =) .    All items are just as described.  Thank you CPR Savers & staff .... this site comes highly recommended!!
