4	My mother and I have got all of our tattoos done at Blue Dragon starting 13 years ago when they were at the McDowell location in central Phoenix.  I've had several different artists work on me, but most recently Dick and Vinny have been our go to guys.  Vinny did my father's tattoos as well as my husband's (yep, we are a tattooed family).  They need a referral program for me :)  The guys run a clean, no nonsense shop.  Only down side for me is that I live sooo far from Glendale.  Open an east valley shop!
5	Great place to get a tattoo! Vinny does great work!
5	Just finished getting my 3rd tattoo from Vinny Sky at Blue Dragon.  He is an amazing artist with an excellent eye for detail.  He is professional and personable.  Awesome at cover-ups.  Once you go to Vinny you'll never go anywhere else!  (Oh, and I WILL be going back for more!)
5	Never thought I'd go to a new artist but Vinny is the bomb!  The shop is very clean and he has a light touch. He took my drawing and made it even better...now I have a great piece for my niece!!
5	Been going to Blue Dragon and having Vinny Sky do my artwork for years now. Beautiful lines and great use of color!
5	Thank you Vinny Sky for making the crappiest birthday ever...an AMAZING one!! Rob's star POPS!! The depth and detail are OUTSTANDING! You made it come to life and it is better than we could have ever imagined!
5	This is my 3rd tattoo, my first one here in AZ and I am EXTREMELY happy with the work. I had  writing done on my foot, with some design and slight color. I only had the idea of what I wanted and placement. Dick did mine, and if you are looking for a laid back, no nonsense attitude that will be up front and honest with you and does quality work then he is perfect. My boyfriend was referred there and my understanding and from what I saw, you wont be seeing bad work walk out of there. Very clean, comfortable atmosphere and I am definitely going back for my next one!
5	Vinny Sky is a MASTER at what he does! This is my third tattoo with him and just like always he always exceeds my expectations! He is super super clean which is a huge plus for all of us. He is incredibly patient and will never push or rush you towards anything. Even though my foot hurt the worst he was very gentle and efficient. He helped make me smile and relax during the tattoo session.  He is a funny guy who instantly makes you comfortable in his chair. I appreciate honesty in something that will be permanent and he will for sure tell you the truth on if it's a good idea, if the placement is good spot, how it will last, etc. The last thing is how versatile Vinny is. I've seen him do just about everything! No joke! I researched hardcore for almost a year in Az to find an awesome tattoo artist. I found him! He was named  #12 best tattoo artist in Az! Go see Vinny!
5	Vinny Sky has moved to a new location and the Blue Dragon is closed. Thank you to all our customers. Visit www.vinnysky.com for Vinny Sky's new location and number.
