4	Really cute women's clothes and tons and tons and tons of adorable accessories.  Tons.  Everything seems to be reasonably priced, but follow them on Facebook to learn about sales and get even better deals!
4	I've been in several times now, and have always been greeted with a smile and lots of helpful input! Very cute stuff, reasonable prices and I always leave with something new in hand (jeans, shorts, hat, ring, scarf, top, dress ... even flip-flops!). Great little boutique that won't break the bank, or have you driving 15 miles out of your area just to find something cute!!
5	I just found this boutique and I love it!! It's locally owned (which I also like) and they have such cute stuff...jeans, cute tops, dresses, and awesome accessories!  I went in there just to browse and maybe get one top or dress, and I just happened to go on the day their Labor Day Sale started...lets just say I left with quite a bit more!  The sale  was 40% off everything in the store...even Miss Me Jeans!  The sales clerk was helpful and assisted me often in finding things and giving me her opinion when asked...I think she was a manager. It's in a shopping center across from Bashas and the nail place I go to, otherwise I may never have known it was there!  So glad I found it!  The only downfall is their return policy which is a 14 day policy and in store credit only...Their stuff is too cute to return, though!
1	RUDE,RUDE,RUDE is all I can say about this place. If you want to be treated like dirt, this is the place for you. I went in there ro shop and rexeived the worst customer service I have ever receives anywhere. Snooty lady at the register was clearly inconvenienced by my being there and didn't want to help with one simple question I had about a scarf for my daughter. I definately won't shop there again.
5	I've been shopping here since they opened & love it more & more each time I go! Great finds, reasonable prices, & friendly staff. The staff & owner know me by name & my fashion sense & the shop is decorated so cute. Cute clothes! Gotta check it out!
5	Love this locally owned boutique!  Clothes are super cute and prices are great.  I love the personal service I get here as well.  Not sure how someone found them rude in a prior review...I have never experienced that there, in fact, they are always very welcoming.  They are always eager to help you find what you may look best in.  I do a large majority of my shopping here for both myself and my daughter.  Katybug Faye is a great place for everyday wardrobe additions or if you need a cute outfit for a night out.  I am glad to see the store doing so well and that they have opened up a second location.  Great clothes, affordable, and close to home.  What else could a girl want?
