5	While me and my hubby were bored to death last Friday night (we don't party and we don't go to clubs and we didn't feel like watching a movie), we searched through Yelp and wanted to see what else we can do at night, and we found the first ever Chinese-style karaoke box just opened in March!!! We were really excited to try it out and we finally tried it yesterday!!!! It's sooo much fun!!! They totally exceeded our expectations!!!! (Hubby and I and my other friend from Hong Kong went yesterday :p)In short:- Nice equipment (really nice sound system and touch screen song selection)- Real MTV from the original singers/artists on the background instead of blue screen with white words- A huge selection of Asian songs (they are new enough for me!)! Just like back in Hong Kong!! Most songs are from Hong Kong, Taiwan and Mainland China. They have some Japanese, Korean and English songs too, but not a lot :p- Three of us have our own spacious room to sing for privacy, just like in Hong Kong!- The place is really clean and neat! :D It's not like those fancy bars and lounges with fancy decorations and interior design, but it serves the purpose of singing songs so it's good enough for me! - The most amazing thing is the price!! We sang for 3 hours during happy hour (Friday 4pm - 7pm), plus drinks, plus a bowl of noodles, and it only cost us 50 bucks!!!! Isn't it a crazy deal!?!- Extremely friendly owners! They gave me some coupons for giving them suggestions for the karaoke box (50% off the third hour)!I'm so sorry that I didn't take any pictures of the karaoke box coz we had too much fun singing and totally forgot about taking pictures!! It's so not me (people who know me will know I take pictures all the time)!!! So you can tell how good this is! (I'll try to remember taking pictures next time!)Highly recommended if you miss singing Chinese-style karaoke in the valley!!! Or if someone who's learning Chinese and want to sing some Chinese songs!!! :p
5	We had a big party here sunday night. 18 or so of us. The owners were really nice and only charged us for the big room even though we used the hall. She also helped us find songs (none of us read chinese derp) and hooked up the ps3 heh. The service was great but we weren't fans of the more limited english and japanese song selection.
5	Wow! This is place is great! I thought there would not be any KTV in Arizona. All songs there are pretty up-to-date, which include Cantonese songs, Mandarin songs, English songs and Korean Songs. The staff is very nice and talkable. He would help you with the system and show you how to use the touch-screen. Price is very reasonable as well. I went to a medium room at night on Wed, which was only charged $35 per hour. The place is very clean and well-maintained, including the restroom!!! It also turns out that the hall is open. AWESOME!Definitely a good place to hang out or spend time with your friends. I JUST LOVE IT!
5	This place is great. I love the staff, they are so friendly and willing to help. I did not expect we could find such a good place for hanging out with friends. They also provide foods, I love the noodles and I think it tastes better than most restaurant in Arizona. The sits are very comfortable and the rooms are very clean and neat. Musics are  pretty up-to-date and the quality is great. The only con I would say it's the bathroom, last time we have to fight for the priority to use the bathroom, which is not a big problem. When you sing you do not need to go to restroom that often.
2	I was expecting this place to have Korean karaoke machines, but was unexpectedly faced with a hard to use bootlegged Chinese counterpart. Not only was it impossible to search for songs, the device lacked the ability to give us real karaoke soundtracks. Half the time, our group was trying hard to sing louder than the singers recorded into the karaoke, and the other half of the time was spent trying to find songs that we knew.The location and service was nothing too amazing and would have certainly merited a four-star if it wasn't for the fact that they didn't have real KTVs capable of delivering real karaoke soundtracks, a UI with search functions, and English speaking employees.
5	A MUST TRY (i know it sounds like commercial lol but it is NOT)my fds & i went to visit a buddy in AZ last week; we thought this town is boring like hell 'til we found this KTV in Tempe (near ASU). the KTV is located at a plaza where u can also find motel, japanese restaurant, billiards, etc.BUT i'd like to introduce this KTV more than anything else coz it really surprised us with its kindly service & great condition. we went there twice since the price was okay: happy hours (around 3-8pm) & midnight. they have a good selection of English & Chinese songs (sorry i donno about the other languages'). OH don't forget to check out those find arts in the hall, they said they draw it on their own @@~!it would be easy to spend a whole day there with a lot of joy and laughs, guys! yes thank God, this KTV saved & lit up my first ever trip to AZ, and i will definitely go back there when i get a chance!!
5	I visited August Karaoke Box last week at the request of my girlfriend. As an American, with no language skills in Chinese, I found the KTV experience amazing. The room we used was clean, the songs were familiar and contemporary, and the staff was amazing. The owner greeted us with a smile and she made us feel very confortable.  I encourage anyone who has a few hours to spend to try   August Karaoke Box. Like me, I am sure you will find the experience a joy.  It is the first time in Arizona I have found a cool cultural spot that is both authentic and fun. Thank you August Karaoke Box.
5	We go there very often. Very nice decoration with pleasant service. It has a wide varieties of songs. I love there!
5	I have been to August Karaoke Box several times! It is a really great place to go. U can have parties, friends reunion, and social there.Last year, I went there almost every weekend.The service there is very sweet! If you cannot find the song you want, u can write it down and ask them to add them into the machine. Just have there!U will not regret!!!!Enjoy~
5	Amazing place!   It's a nice spot to hang out with friends for a variety of activities. Private karaoke rooms with great service and reasonable price.
5	The only Karaoke Box in PHX area. No kidding!!! The owners are always nice and they have done a lot to improve their service. If you want new songs, you could go to them. If you need food and drinks, you could go to them. If you want to play games such as monopoly, you could also go to them. Man they are so omnipotent!!
5	It's a  very decent place to hang out with friends. Huge collection of songs, great UI system and nice staff. Drinks and food are also served in here. I would highly recommend of this Karaoke place.
5	First review in a while, here goes. Went for a friend's birthday (well admittedly, I did plan it since I know my friends are a bunch of karaoke-loving Asians). I've been wanting to come here ever since it opened, since this is the first ktv-style karaoke place probably in the whole state! I think there is another one opening in downtown Chandler though. We went on a quiet Wednesday afternoon during our spring break, and we were the only group during happy hour. They were running an anniversary special (through the end of March) of $10 a person for 5 hours during happy hour, but their regular prices are not bad at all.They had a fairly large selection of English songs, which is great since even though we're Asian, we're super white-washed. We were able to sing and sing until our throats were sore and our tummies wanted food; we didn't even get through everything on our playlist. Had a blast and hope to be back!
5	This was a Groupon gamble for me. After visiting the website the thought crosses your mind as if this will be a good idea for a non Korean, but I figure this is Phoenix, I love karaoke and so do my friends, I have nothing to lose so "Buy Now!" it is. Go figure I wait until it practically expires but our roommates b-day was coming up so we figure perfect timing. You have to reserve the room in advance which I did online and set everything up though a couple emails (they were very responsive). Note: This place caters to ASU students pretty hard core, so it's fairly empty in the Summer and you might be able to get away with not reserving. At this point I'm the only one who has dealt with the biz, so we pull up with all our friends and the place looks closed. We walk in and its completely empty but an employee walks out, confirms my name and takes us to a room. He gives me a quick "how to" on the machine and off we go. ***Here are 3 main reasons why you should try this place, over Guitar Hero at home*****1. You can bring your own liquor. We just bought the sodas from them and mixed it all ourselves. 2. They have tambourines and maracas in the room. Adds to the fun for people who are not singing, and when was the last time you used a tambourine or maraca??3. The experience. I don't know of any strictly karaoke places in the valley. Another group or two showed up and we all kept crossing paths when we had to order more drinks, go to the bathroom and by the end of the night I was having shots with one of the guys from the other room. Everyone in our group had a blast. The setup was all there with the 2 mics, speakers, laser lights, our own liquor. What else do you need? Protip: Plan on taking a taxi home so everyone can drink and you'll unleash a whole other level of fun.
5	I have visited August Karaoke Box several times since they opened. I chose to write a review today because I just had a chance to check out the new karaoke system. Much to my surprise, it is much easier to use, considering that the interface is also in English, it is easy for everyone.  I had a party of four people when we visited on 26 December, and everyone found the new system very easy to use and "user friendly" for my English speaking friends. As before, I found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating. Visiting a KTV is a new experience for many Americans, if you are looking for great new way to spend a few hours with friends, visit this little gem of a business. Like me, you will continue looking for excuses to visit August Karaoke Box to sing along to the latest hits.
5	I have had two visits here and both times couldn't have been any more fun! The BF had purchased a groupon and it was on the brink of expiration which came in handy because I was trying to think of somewhere to take my blasian (half black/asian) BFF for her birthday. She's got the Asian love for karaoke, so it couldn't have been more perfect! Being that AZ doesn't have many Asians, almost all of our friends were nonAsians and, although hesitant at first, we all had such a great time. We brought handles of Captain and some other alcohol (since it's BYOB) and soon after a few rounds we had everyone fighting for the mic. We did 2 hours and called up Tru Cab and all hopped into a Navigator to hit up Mill Ave which is close by. Due to the extreme sucess of my friend's birthday here my BF requested we have a karaoke night for his birthday also. We made the reservation for 10:30 and ended up having so much fun with the drinking and singing that we ended up staying all night until it closed around 2am. When I made the reservation I included that it was the BFs bday, and the owner was nice enough to send us some delicous pastries and snacks on the house!! I recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something different. It is hilarious seeing friends sing their hearts out and surprising how karaoke brings out the diva from friends you would never expect to sing! P.S. Both times I've had people get hungry and order some sort of noodle soup and its delicous!
2	Hate to give this place a bad review, since my time spent here was free (reason not explained, maybe I sang so bad they just wanted me out?). However, there are a few things about this place that are "meh," for lack of a better term.First off, the selection of music is not a problem. I'm not keen on all the new stuff, but luckily there's a lot of stuff from the 50s-90s to choose from. The problem is not in the lack of choice, but the impossibility of finding anything in their system. It's almost like the now olden days when you used to download mp3s with incorrect artist tags; I might search for Elton John and see a few of his songs, then be searching manually through a list of songs/artists, and find songs by him not on the artist page which also claim he's a Korean singer. It's weird and clunky.Another thing is that the user interface is clearly geared toward Chinese people. I get it because it seems the owners are Chinese and there's a large presence of Chinese at the nearby ASU campus or whatever, but many of even the American artists are written in Hanzi, so it's really hard to find what you're looking for unless you happen to read and/or happen to be able to write English people's names in Hanzi.As for the quality, it's kind of a typical karaoke machine. The newer stuff is clearly better in terms of audio quality, as older stuff has a lot of MIDI and really corny videos made with really corny people on one weekend in 1992.I think if selection was made easier and the price brought down a bit (Again, I didn't pay, but the usual prices without the Groupon seem pretty steep) then I think this would be a cool place to hang out with pals and sing the night away. As it was for us, it took forever finding songs and got really boring after a bit of that.
5	Recently visited August Karaoke Box with a group of friends. It was the most amazing time I have ever had during karaoke. The staff was very friendly and courteous. The machines are easy to use with really great song choices. I would definitely return.
5	Love this place since they opened! Very reasonable price, good deal on Happy Hour! The system has huge selection of songs in varies languages. You'll never get in trouble to find a song. Private room is a Plus. Keep you time chill with your friends ONLY. And if you dare to show your singing technique or have a huge group, go on the main stage to challenge!
4	Reserve a room in advance.  They book up the small rooms a couple of days in advance of the weekend.  Pricing isn't bad if you split it between friends.Karaoke technology is pretty good.  Selections are made via a touch screen.  The selection of songs available is really current though they have a lot of oldies too.Songs are available in several languages including Spanish and quite a few Asian languages.Rooms are private and small.  They have color changing lights too.  Have fun!
5	yeah, i finally found a private karaoke room!
5	My first experience here, all i can say is "Man was it fun!!" It was on my bucketlist to go to a karaoke place, but hard to find one thats 18+. Luckly i found this one and had loads of fun! I made a reservation for Me, my boyfriend, and two cousins, my boyfriend wasn't to excited for the most part cause he's not much of a singer, but little me had to drag him x). we got the small room, the room rate was reasonable, cause you can just split the bill between your party. The room was amazingly great, with the lazer lighting, it sets off a really cool vibe and you can sing as loud as you want and you will hardly hear from outside the room. I asked the employee at yhe front desk if he could us singing and he replied "very little." I thought this was good cause we were going all out with the singing, im talking about trying to hit those high notes on some songs. Me and my two cousins were enjoying all the fun with the karaoke machine while my boyfriend was trying to be mr. cool guy and not joy. However, we managed to find his favorite artist on the the machine and we just had to put the song on for him, and surprisingly he SANG!!! All and all it was a really great experience and since this place in literally near my apartment, lets just say all my paycheck may go towards August Karaoke Box haha... The main this that caught my attention to this place is:-The staff are very friendly and helpful-The atmospher of the place was great-The Karaoke Machine easily functional-They serve foodThis plac is worth it!!
4	Came here for a spontaneous night of karaoke and wasn't disappointed. We got a good-sized private room for a pretty decent price, without too much sound bleed. Our only issue was with some drunk asshole banging loudly on our door periodically for the first 15 minutes; he was pretty much playing adult ding dong ditch. We eventually found him and had him knock it off, no pun intended (really). Anyway, besides that and the song catalog machine not being the easiest to navigate through, we had a good time here and would definitely come back.
5	I LOVE this place! There were four of us, we rented out a small room I think and we had a lot of fun! We had a bit of trouble with the machine but only because we didn't ask for help. My Top priorities were: 1. They were 18+ so my boyfriend could come along.2. Service was friendly but not at pushy. No one came in and asked us if we needed anything, we just did our own thing! 3. BYOF! We brought in a ton of our own food and even a bucket of our own drinks! Which means we were able to control how much we'd spent on food alone. 4. They have a birthday discount!! Most importantly, they're all so freakin sweet! Anything you need, you just ask! They're not snooty or rude at all! I think I loved that most about their place aside from the awesome karaoke rooms. They treat you with respect and kindness, not just in and out. I really loved it here and would recommend highly to everyone considering this place!
1	Don't bother. Far too expensive for what you get - two dollars per small botlle of water? Really? No wait staff, no booze, bad sound, terrible music choices....I planned on booking a room for four hours, spent barely an hour and a half and went to the bar next door instead. Won't be going back. They need to learn what good private room karaoke is, there are plenty of examples just sadly not in Arizona.
