5	The bacon Mac and cheese is ridiculous.  The bartenders are always attentive and they have a great beer selection.
1	Nice looking place.  Staff is friendly enough.  I won't be eating here however.  As a chef myself I know what food storage containers look like.  When the bar tender left the bar, to clean the ladies bath room with a cambro from the kitchen with soapy water in it I wanted to throw up. Not only did the lady serving drinks to me go to scrub the ladies toilet but she used food storage container as a bucket.  Totally gross.   Won't be back here ever.
5	I've been here a few times to meet up with friends for drinks. 16 taps of decent craft beers at moderate prices, good service and pleasant crowd. St Pat's Party this year brought me in originally and the great experience each time brings me back. I went this past Tuesday for Free Wing night and saw a different side of Jamison's. It wasn't overly busy, which for free wings surprised me, and seemed very laid back. I met up with a friend there and after a few tweets more showed up. This is the the kind of place I can go to kick back and watch a game and chill and then come back on the weekend and turn it up a notch. Now for the food. Most bars on free wing night tend to downgrade the quality of wings or don't put much effort into it. Not here. Hearty wings and cooked perfect. The deal is you get 5 free wings for your first drink, 5 free for your second drink, and then $.35 each after that. You can easily come out spending less than $20 and I wasn't buying macro beers either. Come with friends and you can have all of the flavors. I had Chipotle BBQ which was sweet and backed more heat than their hottest wing, Garlic Parm which was well balanced on the garlic and parm, Buffalo Ranch could have used a little more sauce but I like my ranch wings sloppy.Overall this is a gem in Dormont you seriously need to consider and I can't thank my friend enough for turning me on to them. they get 5 stars not for one thing but bringing enjoyment at everything. I've also seen the intense bacon menu they bring and one table ordered burgers that looked immense.  I'm ready to go back now!
