4	So far I've been to this location about 4 times and each time the front desk staff is really friendly. I don't get the fake vibe like I tend to get at a lot of tanning places. I have never seen it unclean or unkempt in the handful of times that I've been there. I only have -1 star for price because it is pretty pricey. If it weren't such a convenient location for me, I probably would go somewhere else simply due to pricing. All in all, I would recommend it to a friend.
5	I have to rave about my experience here yesterday. I got a groupon for 2 versaspa spray tans so I ventured in to try it out. The place is immaculate, nothing like the tanning salons I used to frequent years ago that wreaked of smelly lotions and sweat. It was well ventilated and decorated like a high end hair salon. The staff member I had the pleasure of dealing with was named Crystal. And what a pleasure it was, she had me cracking up from the moment she started talking. She was so friendly and easy going. Being that it was my first spray tan, she had to walk me through the entire process. I had quite a few questions and she answered each one willingly and patiently. She was so genuine and unpretentious it made my experience relaxing and enjoyable. She explained the versaspa machine and literally showed me which standing positions were best for optimal coverage. The instructions she gave were perfect, I have absolutely even coverage without streaking or darker areas, etc. My initial worry was that I would turn orange and look like an oompa loompa, but the tan that developed is bronze perfection! Being a redhead with pasty skin it's hard for me to tan naturally. Even when I use a tanning bed it just seems like my freckles get closer together and my skin gets dried out. This spray tan method is my new favorite! I've paid $70+ at spas getting exfoliated and rubbed down with sunless tanning lotion, only to have a streaky semblance of a tan. This spray tan is perfectly even, even over my many lady lumps. Since it has only been one day since my spray tan session I can't really speak to the longevity of the results yet, but I will be sure to update my review!
1	I had a groupon for 2 spray tans, so I went to location to have a spray tan and they reply, "Oh I'm sorry our Versaspa is broken at this time." What!? You're a tanning salon and spray tans are HUGE right now due to people caring about getting skin cancer/sun damage etc. Unacceptable to me. I definitely will not be back. You should have had it fixed immediately or have two machines. Plus the fact I drove 20 minutes, soooooo angry.
3	I have been tanning here for over a year now and when i started it was great!! (All five stars) The manager was there all the time and was soo funny. I really enjoyed going everyday. I don't remember when it happened but one day i went into tan and they got a new manager. All the old staff had been "let go". Now for some reason it just does not feel right. The boys at the front desk don't wanna chat with you and the music they play..... i would just rather them turn if off (soo three stars) Like someone else put in their review it this place was not convenient i would go somewhere else. Also I wish they would not try and push me to buy their lotion their cheapest bottle is $70!!! I would also recommend this to a friend.
4	I really like this spot! No complaints :)
5	See Anthony! He is the best! Great customer service! He will always get you in to the right bed quick! Members get half off on upgrades every Sunday!
