4	Prec. They will customize almost any item for it to fit your lunch needs. Outside seating is available and with the fantabulous sunshine in Phoenix, this is quite a pleasure. I'm not sure how great it would be in the summer with 100+ degree temperatures..but hot damn, a great place in the springtime! Go for a leisurely lunch, it's got the relaxed atmosphere thing going on.
5	The best sandwich I've had in my life was one I had at the Teeter House ... the Prosciutto, Salami and Imported Provolone sandwhich.  I was so addicted to it one summer, I walked over there maybe 3-4 times a week to order it.  It was bizzare rolling up in a RVCA tee and a pair of cargos and Reefs while the other partrons were having some kind of Royal Family flashback in their feathery headpieces and pinkys skyward.But whatever.  I ALWAYS sat outside under their very large oak(?) trees that shade most of their front area.  This was great for some serious people watching ... mostly tourist wondering why Bianco is closed at noon, but attempting the door anyway.  They would eventually mosey over to Teeter ... good for them!Anyhow, back to this sandwhich.  Its unbeleivable and pretty large with a side of rosemary potato salad and some fruit.  Teeter house also serves beer and wine, which was always nice.  They have a pretty good selection too.My only complaint is that they open too late (for morning coffee -- although once i guess i looked thoroughly disappointed that they weren't open yet early on a Sunday while they were setting up and gave me a free coffee-to-go anyway!) and they close way too early.  If they serve booze, they should mos def stay open til midnight or so, especially with a haunted house for effect.
2	The Teeter House is a trip, like no other. I was drinking with a couple of newly met friends next door at Rose and Crown and they wanted to go here to check it out, so I was a good sport about it. We tried sitting at the "bar" but the owner said we cant sit there, because thats the managers seat..... eh? I was definitely surprised to notice they have a full bar, but all the other aspects were very very odd. The plants in the bath tub, the victorian old lady wallpaper, and the same dining room table seats my parents had growing up in the 80's. Maybe it's my generation, but this place did NOT appeal to me whatsoever, and who tells their customers they aren't allowed to sit at the bar?
2	My Mom and I took my Grandmother out for tea for her birthday.  Tastefully tacky is how I would describe this tearoom.  Refined clutter is another.  The outside looks promising, a cute Victorian style house.  When you get inside you are met with all kinds of "old style" wares for sale, a fir tree and dried plants.  Yuck.  And what is up with a plant in the bathtub of the bathroom.  There were things for sale in just about every crevice some with a "made in China" tag displayed, how classic Victorian.  And in the second room, you are met with a whole bunch of clutter catch on wide display.  In fact, there was paperwork, calculators, etc. covering their bar area.  Make an effort people!Service was very uneven, our server was wearing a black outfit and skull socks.  A bit out of place.  And she made us box our own food.The teapot from which we were served was cracked and looked like it had seen better days.  And the room temperature needed some adjustment for a Phoenix summer day.  Also, they had a random radio station running playing everything from country to Cyndi Lauper - not what you expect at tea.  We had to ask our server three times to turn it down.However, at this price point, the food was decent and well presented.  We had leftovers to take home.  We had taken my Grandma to the Ritz Carlton last year and next year I would rather spend the extra money and do the same.NOT MY CUP OF TEA!!!!!
1	OK, I must start by saying that this horrible experience was made right byt he owner who was aghast and refunded my entire $50 ticket! I took my wife and daughter out for a special Christmas tea - or I thought so. It was not very Christmas like, although they were not advertising as such, and the music was Christmas, but rocky. The decor was not as quaint as I was hoping, more like old grandma grunts than chabby chic and garden like. Country not Victorian. Anyway, it was the experience we were looking for, and my wife had been here before. Well, we started off with a brand new waitress, nice girl, but zip on the training, than a girl with three months experience came out, again, no training. Both of these girls would seem happier in a less than Victorian life. We asked about teas and blends, but had no assistance. They only offered a couple and you had to share the pot! What is the deal with that - for $19 bucks a pop I wanted my own pot of earl grey while my wife sipped on apricot! Well, one waitress was quitting that day and decided to slam her boss over and over again to us, we were about to leave when the owner came out - we said it was not the experience we were looking for, she apologized and the service got slightly better. Where were the tea cups - we had punch glasses and cracked porcelain with stains. No plates at first, the tea was nothing to write home about. My daughters tea was ok, the cookie was boring, artless and lacking in any frosting or style. The finger sandwiches were pretty good - not quite British, more like deli style, but tasty. The scones a bit dry and the jam, maybe WalMart strawberry.  The worst was the dessert. COSTCO SPECIAL! Little dainties of mini eclairs and mini cheesecake squares still frozen with some Rheddi Whip Cream on the side. My six year old loved as she has a dairy intolerance and took an enzyme and she got to splurge. All of this with the griping trainer and the poor helpless trainee for 19 bucks a person. What else could you ask for? A REFUND - which the owner graciously gave us. The place has potential - but needs to work out the kinks, up the presentation, get a better scone recipe, take some time to learn about teas and train their staff, and YES - learn to bake desserts! A 3 tiered plate for presentation and some real tea cups would be nice too! Sorry TEETER house - my Christmas special was a bomb - the best part of it was I did not have to pay for it.
2	My girlfriend and I decided to have "tea" a.k.a. lunch at the Teeter House.  First of all, the place could use a refresher or some spring cleaning.  It's kinda old and dusty inside.We ordered turkey sandwiches and soup.  The soup came out cold and we got the wrong sandwiches sent to our table.  No big deal.  They fixed the mix up right away.After our sandwiches and cold soup, we still wanted to experience having "tea" so we ordered a pot of Earl Gray tea and their dessert sampler to share.  The sampler came with small square cheesecakes and cream puffs.  The tea was really good but the dessert must had been frozen and then put in the microwave because when we bit into them, the bottom was warm and the inside was frozen.  Not the experience I was hoping for going to the Teeter House.  On top of it all, the waitress was really loopy.  This is probably why the food was wack.  I won't be back.
5	The desire to bring my mom here is damn near overwhelming.  Victorian antiques, kitschy decorations, and brocade wallpaper - and did i mention fantastic scones with Devonshire cream?  I'm not even a girly girl (look for me slurping Irish breakfast tea in a Dramarama t-shirt), but I just can't help feeling frilly and feminine in this place.  Spot on, my good man (translation: 'aw, hell yeah', for those less pasty).
3	It took a considerable amount of time to get a turkey and havarti, and peanut butter & jelly sandwiches.The environment was very nice. And given the temperature outside, the cool of the a/c was a very welcome respite.No kids glasses available, but that's less of a concern for me since my children are both adept at drinking from regular glasses.But it's a nice touch when it's available.I would return on a day when I'm in the Heritage and Science Park, but I'd not likely make a trip down there specifically to go.
1	Business is closed. Signs at front indicate its for sale & phone is disconnected
