4	Oh, Chickadee's. You had me at spicy burger challenge. You know just the way to call my name.We went to Chickadee's for lunch after I heard about the Beast of the East (a habenero pepper encrusted patty with spicy chili, pepper jack cheese and hot sauce served on a kaiser roll) and just had to give it a whirl. Apparently if I ate it in under 5 minutes I could win a free t-shirt. The flavor was really solid; the chili had enough flavor to stand on it's own (or be wonderful atop the fries that come with) and the patty was steaming hot and was a really enjoyable meat. I got a new t-shirt.The fries themselves were pretty standard but not unpleasant. They have a house-made chip that could stand a little more crunch but was miles ahead of any pre-made crisps. They were quick to refill your soft drink without having to ask.The service was good and everyone was really nice, including the owner who came over to chat. You can get your order to go or park it at one of tables in the bright dine in area which has some pretty neat art to look at if the mammoth menu isn't enough to keep you busy. The two of us got out for under $20 before tip and I know I will certainly be going back to try some if their non-challenge foodstuffs.
5	My wife and I go to lunch here every week. The Ashley and the other servers already know our drink orders. The menu a big and varied. Breakfast, appetizers, burgers, salads, wraps, paninis, and other other good stuff. The prices are outsanding. Two lunch entrees and two drinks for well under $20. This is a great place that anyone can enjoy. I usually get a salad with grilled chicken, but the Carolina Club is my favorite.
5	Awesome food. Fried pickles and french dip were terrific. Prices were reasonable and the staff was friendly and helpful.
1	last one got flagged so ill keep this one simple this place has gone straight into the gutter it is no longer a nice place to grab a bite to eat got rid of all the stuff i liked and the food has downgraded. Wouldent eat here way to many other places in the area to get a good bite to eat
5	I absolutely love this place.  The food and service are excellent.  They have the best wings, not to mention they have a $5 lunch special each day that includes the drink (that's cheaper than most fast food places).  This place is one of Charlotte's best kept secrets.  Truly a gem of a restaurant.
3	Here we are at review #1000 (as counted by "reviews", not by number written, because we all know "updates" throws off the former number, and did those "updates" really never get written?).Regardless, who shall receive the distinction of #1000?  Chickadee's?  Really?  Why not?  Most of my reviews are written on everyday places, and less often about places of any real significance, not to mention the fact that my invitation to the White House dinner was mysteriously "lost in the mail", and even the Salahis will no longer return my calls, so I am out of luck there.  So Chickadee's it is!We showed up one morning and ordered up some breakfast from the menu, and the food was delivered quickly.  This would be expected since the place was empty.  I mean we walked in and thought we had missed the rapture, since the employee was in the back at the time.  There was no one.  Even the street outside was empty.  Still, once she did come out, the food was decent, if not exceptional, and the service was good - when she was available (kept going into the back, which is certainly okay, except for that marginally creepy Twilight Zone feeling of being utterly alone).The really odd thing about Chickadee's is the layout.  There is a counter, so it looks almost like they want to be a deli, but they also have tables with menus where you can place an order.  When no one is there (and I again stress the no one), it can be difficult to figure out just what you are supposed to do.  But once you are settled in and the food is ordered - then delivered - it all works out well enough.
1	just to let you no it closed down hopefully something much better takes its place
