3	This place is so close to me, that I can walk here. The ladies who work here are all very nice. With the exception of Lee. I don't see how they can walk around and work in their tiny high heels, but they manage.You walk in, sign your name on a list, mark if you want a pedicure,manicure, fill etc. Pick out your color and then either wait if there are people ahead of you, or go straightback.I was getting a pedicure. The massage chairs they use are so close together, but it wasnt a problem. The chairs work nicely and I was very relaxed. They have a t.v there that plays nothing but "Friends" reruns. Sometimes I can't help letting out a giggle or two when Phoebe sings her crazy songs. A pedicure runs 18.00. If you want a callous remover,or sea salt scrub it is 5 dollars more. I have done both and came home with baby soft fooooties. Once I broke my right toenail and they managed to add a tip on that toe only that looked so natural. I think that was only 5 bucks. I usually don't do the decorations. I seem to get the techs that are new at designs. Last time I heard "yooo wan flowah?" I said a tiny one..and ended up with a big bouquet on my big toe. So not pretty. She was even more upset when I diddnt like it. yeah we are talking about Lee ladies. Mai and the rest of the girls are great. I still continue to go here and have been going now for a few years. I have also had a manicure here. When my daughter was 6 she used to go in and get her nails painted with a flower for 7 dollars. Its a great thing moms and daughters can do together.EDIT: Lee is just not a pleasant person. The place decided to squeeze in more chairs to fit more people. It feels over crowded now. I liked it better when it was "my place around the corner", now it's everyones. I will go back. Just try to avoid the dragon lady Lee.
5	I absolutely love this place. The staff is so nice and it is very clean. I was quickly seated after walking in without an appointment. I thought it was going to be a long wait since there were a lot of people in the salon. However they had lots of staff working so there was not much of a wait at all. This was my first time here and I was very satisfied. I am excited to go back to get my nails done again. I will also refer all my friends and family to come here(:
2	I've been going here for quite a while and I liked the prices, but lately I'm not impressed. A few weeks ago the guy doing my nails was watching the world cup on his iPad and not paying attention to my nails and sent me home with awful nails. He messed up multiple times and just two days ago I got my nails done to see if they'd do a better job and I got the same guy and he can't do a design at all. Not what I wanted at all, I broke two nails from this set today and they charged me $5 a nail. I'm not happy at all. Wouldn't recommend this place as a regular place to go.
5	I came to Shiny Nails because my normal shop was closed. I've been searching for a new shop and Shiny Nails exceeded my expectations. They were open early, weren't busy and were all smiling and friendly when I arrived. I'm a sucker for good customer service and they had it. They didn't try to aggressively upsell me and she did a great job on my pedicure. I showed her a difficult design I liked and she "nailed it"! I highly recommend it!!
2	Customer service is really important to me. I mean they were really nice and they did a good job... But I went there with my friend who was visiting me from out of state and they kicked me out of the chair and didn't let me sit there with her. There was no line at all. I got the feeling they were a little upset because we got just the basic pedi. They kept pushing us to get a flowers or callus remover. I under stand they have an min amount they want to meet with every customer but it's not very nice to be so pushy and then just give me the boot!
3	From the outside your first thought is "not another typical nail salon".. Well it is your typical salon. They won't wow you with their decor or superb customer service BUT I really really like ruby who gave me a gel mani. She was soft spoken but pleasant and make some conversation with me but not too much to where I had to guess at everything she was saying. She also was very gentle on my hands and that says a lot because I always get cut when I try a new nail salon. My gel mani was $30 and turned out pretty great! The hand massage she gave was one of the worst, but I've never really found someone who gives a decent one.This place probably won't WOW you, but if you're in the neighborhood and need your nails done, give it a try :)
