4	I was driving down 7th ave looking for somewhere to eat lunch and saw the sign and said to myself, "yeah! Why not!" I thought they had a great menu and I was able to get a full (delicious) sandwich and a bowl of soup for 9 bucks... I was excited! I sat on the patio and it was a little noisy being that it was right on 7th ave, but all in all a great experience!
5	My girlfriend & I met here for coffee today (2-3-12).  This place feels like home. The coffee was really good! The owner & her staff are lovely, sweet gals. My friend had breakfast, which looked & tasted great.  So I ordered a sandwich.  As we were enjoying our coffee, the owner brought us a 'sample' plate of several different salads.  What a smart idea.  They were all really tasty; so was my hummus wrap, by the way. We're coming back.  Did I mention that I loved this place?
4	Wy-Not is the old Perc Up (and before that Toast and then before that Drip) and I have to say, I like the food, coffee, and service better here at Wy-Not Cafe.  It's hearty and healthy.  Nothing greasy or heavy, just the perfect blend for everyone.  Options for Veggies and Vegans, which is a plus so I don't have to hear people complain about no options for them.The name came from the new owner's dog, named Wyatt.  The patio is dog friendly.The inside is cozy and chill.They serve breakfast and lunch, closes at 3pm, take note.I had the classic breakfast burro, it was stuffed with eggs, potatoes, cheese, bacon- it was large and delicious.  I tried a baked pancake too, it was crispy on the outside and fluffy in the inside.  I hope to see Wy-Not around in the future, as we hang at this coffee spot regularly, the owners have changed at least 3 times that I can remember in the past couple years.  We keep coming, but that is more because of location and familiarness from family members but I personally like Wy-Not the best so far of the others.
5	I've been living in the Coronado neighborhood for about 6 months. Perc Up was just getting started when I moved in. I liked the place and the food was good, but it lacked personality and sometimes took quite a while. I went there often when I moved in but hadn't been in a few months - So, I was up early on my day off yesterday and felt like getting off to a good start with some coffee and breakfast. I live right down the street, so I thought of Perc UpThe new owner, Jackie, greeted me as I walked up to the restaurant, and seeing my confusion at the dueling signage for Perc Up and Wy-Knot right next to each other, explained that Perc Up was no more, but reassured me that I was still in the right place if I was looking for some good breakfast. I believe she said she owns another restaurant in Pennsylvania, which gives me hope that this place will last, unlike its predecessors (RIP Drip, Toast, and now Perc Up). She's big on healthy, fresh ingredients and doing things the right way, which I love.The coffee was great, the southwest breakfast burrito with bacon was awesome, and with her picture of her dog and warm personality made me smile. This is just the type of place I love going to - locally owned, cozy, and friendly. I'll certainly be hitting it up several times a month.
5	Excellent breakfast with menu items that are not just the same old breakfasts served everywhere else.
5	Amazing frittata and the best breakfast potatoes I've had in a long while!  I could have ordered so many different things off of their menu, but had to narrow it down. There's a great beverage selection (morning coffee style) and I thought it was reasonably priced for the excellent quality ($6-$8 for full breakfast)
4	I would never have stopped at the Wy-Knot Cafe if it had not been for a friend mentioning it in a post on Facebook. I am glad I saw that post. There have been a number of restaurants in that location that have failed. Wy-Knot has opened the space up, made it dog friendly (it is named for their dog) and has a great menu. You order at the counter and then they bring the food out to you. The employees were all very friendly. The only down side was the lack of parking due to the other businesses sharing a lot. Also there were hardly any customers. Hopefully they will deliver menus to the houses in the neighborhood and maybe do some promotions on the neighborhood e-mail service so people will know what they have to offer. I would like to see them make it.They serve breakfast and lunch all day. They had a variety of choices and it was hard to decide on one. We split a BLT and a Chicken Salad Sandwich so we could try both. They come with a side of beet salad or salad of the day. The beet salad was very good. We both preferred the BLT but I am sure the Chicken Salad was more healthy and it was tasty as well.Give them a try, I think you will enjoy the Wy-Knot Cafe. I will be back.
5	Having lived in Phoenix for just shy of 18 months, I'm always on the lookout for places that feel like a "home from home". Venues that, despite being new to the senses, feel like a favourite sweater. One such place is Wy Knot.I first stumbled across Wy Knot just at it was changing ownership (used to be Perc Up as mentioned in other reviews) whilst looking for somewhere on 7th St to meet up. Spoke to Jackie, the new owner, who told me of her plans to revamp the menu for a more "as much as possible from scratch" feel.The venue itself is situated next to Humble Pie, the decor is homely without being cluttered, and the ambiance is equally relaxing. The staff are friendly and attentive, but not overbaring, and if you get to meet Jackie you'll find her enthusiasm for what she's doing contagious. Damn good coffee too.Now for the real reason you must go. The food. The menu is just comprehensive enough with specials added, and the dishes I've tried so far have been right on the money, with just enough attention to the aesthetic without being pretencious; it makes you feel that someone has acknowledged that you also eat with your eyes. One example: the yoghurt, honey and fresh fruit parfait served layered in a sundae glass with 2 wafer-thin slices of apple on top.Then there's the pancakes. Oh, boy. the pancakes. I don't know how they make them, or what witchcraftery goes on in the kitchen, but wow. And I've tried a few pancakes in my time! Trust me on this: If you have them and don't think they're the best you've ever tasted, then you're eating wrong and no-one can help you. Just visit the Cafe once and order them. You can send me the Thank You card later.I've found a perfect breakfast/brunch/lunch spot, and Wy Knot have found a regular patron.
5	What a great find!  The new owner is great and is really doing some great things.  The menu is awesome with organic offerings and something for everyone even vegan options.  The service was great, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  Excellent breakfast, lunch and coffee.  I'll be back for sure! :)
3	So, I've only been in the 'hood for about 8 months and do love to frequent the local establishments.  Mostly, I appreciate a nice, cozy place to head to on my bicycle so that I can enjoy a good cup of tea and study.  I like the recent change over from PercUp to Wy-Not.  The staff are still the friendly folks who had worked here before, but the ambiance has improved just a bit.  It used to be a sort of grandmotherly type place-- something I thought I might find on the main street of St. Johns or some other small AZ town.  Wy-not has cleverly improved upon that by using practically all of the same decor, but somehow it just works better now.  What's best though, is that the food is way better.  I can tell that there are still some of the same menu items, but they've included some really great veggie options.  Can't wait to further explore the new options.  While I almost entirely love the update, there are a couple of things that could be improved.  First of all, I LOVED my free tea refill.  I mean, c'mon... those tea leaves can easily be steeped 3 or 4 times, wy-not let me have another dose of hot water and ice, so I can get the most of those leaves?  Also, I always show up mid-morning, and today was no exception.  The music was a dreary collection of late night jazz that seemed better suited to a velvet lined dive bar in the wee hours of the morn.  While the volume was perfect for someone mostly interested in studying, I felt that the tone just kinda brought the place down a notch.  Play something upbeat, and the ambiance could really get a lift!P.S.  Thanks for the dog patio!  :)
4	I was a die-hard Perc-Up-er, but since the place sold Wy-Knott has really improved their food! The food before was great and now it's excellent. I was a little disappointed that they took away some of the local artists work, which takes away from the neighboorhood atmosphere. None the less they still carry the cupcake mocha, so I'm in! Plus the new owner is very nice and tries to accomodate.
4	My husband enjoyed his spinach and mushroom frittata  and my cinnamon French was yummy. Fresh fruit on the side   Completes the meal.The atmosphere was cozy accompanied by hot coffee!!!
5	Fabulous frittatas and blueberry pancakes. Delightful owner and staff.  Local art on display and great atmosphere.
5	Just took friends from out of town this morning and had another fantastic breakfast.  Two of us enjoyed the Prosciutto and Roasted Roma Tomato Breakfast Sandwich.  Another had the Baked Pancakes and the last ordered the Prosciutto, Arugula and Goat Cheese Frittata.  We were all very pleased with the food.  The seasoned potatoes that accompanied the sandwich and frittata were delicious.  Jackie, the owner and chef, greeted us upon arriving and she really makes you feel welcome.  It's not the first time I've been and certainly won't be the last.  Our friends left full, satisfied and bemoaning the fact that they don't have anything as good or reasonably priced in Palm Springs for breakfast.
4	We stopped in Wy-Knot Cafe this weekend as we had heard they have some vegan options. The entire experience was great! We had some delicious seared tofu sandwiches (they press extra firm tofu, cut it thin and quick fry it to make it crispy), a super tasty vegetable soup, a beet salad, a side of breakfast potatoes and a couple of iced lattes with almond milk. The service was good and the owner was very friendly and chatted with us about her vegan options and food.We'll be back! Can't wait to try their tofu scramble and their TLT (Tempeh Lettuce Tomato) sandwich.Note: They do not have any vegan butter/margarine, nor do they have any vegenaise. Hope they start carrying those both soon!
5	We went for breakfast last weekend and thoroughly enjoyed it. The owner, Jackie I think, came out and greeted us and explained a little about the restaurant and food. Very personal service. I was so impressed. The food was excellent. The baked pancakes with blueberry were very tasty and worth trying. The stuffed french toast was top notch also. The restaurant is one of those tiny little local places I love to go to. Prices are very reasonable also. I will definitely be back.
3	Just had breakfast here with some pals very enjoyable comfortable  space had the procitto goat cheese arugula omlette friendly service.
5	My husband and I had Easter breakfast with Wy-Knot yesterday.  This was our second time in for breakfast and it is officially our FAVORITE breakfast stop!  I can't say that there was any wait to speak of... we were too busy enjoying eachothers company over great coffee.  IF there was a wait, it was certainly worth it!  My husband had the baked pancakes with bacon.  He says he will never have pancakes anyother way -ever again!  I managed to take a bite from him and he was right - they are crazy good!  I had the proscuitto, arugula and goat cheese frittata.  It was sooo good!  It came with seasoned potatoes, toast and fresh fruit slices.  Just perfect.This was actually our second time in for breakfast and we ordered the exact same thing!  I can say it's consistant - it was just as wonderful this time as it was a couple of weekends ago.  We are looking forward to coming back for more breakfasts (we saw a lot of beautiful orders of french toast floating out ot the kitchen) and lunches too.  The portions are perfect and the prices are very reasonable.  Service is great too!  I really appreciated our refills in to-go cups as we were leaving.Thank you Wy-Knot for being in the neighborhood!!
5	The Flavors are Amazing- The Ingredients are Fresh- The People are Very Friendly-We'll be regulars from now on.
5	The food is always excellent. We have breakfast or lunch here a couple times a week. The food is consistently good. The owner and the staff are very friendly and always have smiles on there faces. If you have not had breakfast or lunch here I highly recommend it. GREAT ATTMOSPHERE!!!
4	I give this place four stars because 1-The service was great. The people were super friendly! 2-Their menu options are awesome! and I love myself a good vegan local spot. 3- Most importantly the food was super delicious! My boyfriend and I dropped by Wy-Not Cafe on Easter Morning for breakfast. We ordered two soy lattes (which were great, and that is coming from a coffee snob!), my man ordered the tofu breakfast burrito and I ordered a simple small breakfast of eggs, potato's, and toast. Everything was super flavorful and I was SO unbelievably happy to not see food doused in oil on my plate when it arrived to my table. In fact, the presentation of the food was pretty great too. Even though this cafe isn't super close to where we currently live, I'm sure we'll be making many visits there!
5	Stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday morning and as other reviews said, was greeted by the owner and was given a complete break down of the menu. Atmosphere was nice, and food and coffee were great. Already planning another trip there for breakfast
4	I have been to this cute little cafe twice now. Once was on a business meeting and I only had the yogurt parfait. If I had known that it was greek yogurt, I might have thought twice about it since the portion was very large, and I need to be in the mood for greek yogurt. I am sure others would love it though.My second time was after meeting the owner, Jackie. I told her I would stop by, and I am so glad I did. After hashing out my decision with the help of the waitress, I ordered the beet and prosciutto flat bread. Delicious! The beets were perfectly tender, there was a nice helping of cubed prosciutto and a beautiful serving of argula on top. What more could you ask for, right? Oh wait, you want to give me warm, hand pulled naan to pile everything on top of as well? If you insist! The only downfall of my lunch was getting the apple torte instead of another order of the flatbread.I will definitely be back especially once Jackie told me that she had recently won the Phoenix New Times award fro Best Stuffed French Toast 2012!
5	We went here this morning and had a very pleasant breakfast experience. I have been to a couple of the previous iterations, and I hope WyKnot is able to stick around longer than its predecessors. My (presumed vegan) tofu burrito was piping hot, savory, and chock full of tasty fresh spinach, mushrooms, and potatoes. Tofu entrees are so often bland; this was anything but. The side of salsa was also very flavorful with a little kick. Husband ordered the classic burrito and subbed tofu for the bacon; he said it was great. My soy latte was large and tasty. Service was very friendly. Price was reasonable. We will continue to support this little place.
5	Finally, a 5-star breakfast joint in a city that up until now hasn't wowed me with the morning food.Wy-Knot fits right in with the other restaurants in its 7th Street stretch, perfectly delivering its niche-food and homey ambiance.  Most importantly, the people who work here are amazing.  You feel right at home, except the food is way better than anything you'll ever get at my house.A trip here wouldn't be complete without trying their award-winning (literally) stuffed Cinnamon french toast.  It's to die for, so don't even think about ordering anything else.  Our table of 3 split that and a Prosciutto & Roasted Roma Tomatoes sandwich, served with goat cheese on a perfect ciabatta roll.  Sweet and savory, with an overdose of iced coffee.Other reviews have mentioned that the food takes a while to prepare.  While I didn't find that to be the case, we did mention numerous times how this place has the perfect "slow-breakfast" vibe.  Not slow in that it took too long, slow in that we really enjoyed taking our time and spending our morning here.  It was fun to order one thing, split it, order something else, split it, and just hang for a while.  No complaints here.The menu is priced very fairly in the $7-9 range, when they could easily charge more for some of their signature dishes.  This is something I appreciate, and will keep me coming back.Dog-friendly patio?  Forget about it on a day like today with 113 degree heat... but my pooch will definitely be having Sunday Brunch out there with me in a few months.
4	Well I'm not sure Wy-Knot, but I will tell you Wy.We were cought in a storm this past Sunday while on a bike ride into downtown Phoenix. The wind and rain was so rough, you could barely see two feet in front of you. Destined for a local coffee shop we pushed on. Ducking for cover as debris flew over head and weaving around ice cap melting sun spots, we finally made it to our destination. ...Well, it really was just a normal bike ride, but a death defying bike ride in a face melting storm sounds so much more dramatic. ;)After arriving at our original destination, neither of us had worked up an appetite yet, so we leisurely headed back towards home. Passing McDowell on Central, I decided to stop in somewhere new, so we aimed for 7th street and ultimately Wy-Knot. Surviving such a horrendous storm, we had set our desires on something awesome, and our main dishes both lived up to our high breakfast expectations. Their morning frittatas we're delightful. I was craving something fresh and tasty, and the spinach, mushroom, onion, and feta was just that; though, I went sans mushrooms. I'm not really much of a mushroom fan, maybe even an anti-fan if there is such a thing. You might even see a "Calvin peeing on a mushroom" bumper sticker on my car. The wife ordered a frittata also, but with egg whites. We also asked them to add in zucchini and the wait / kitchen staff was happy to oblige. The fruit sides were fresh, sweet, and ripened to perfection. The diced and fried potatoes were good, soft on the inside and crispy on the outside and were cooked with chopped peppers and onions.Their menu has vegan options also, tofu scrambles and such, but I was really looking for a light and healthy-ish egg breakfast. So I opted for the frittata. Maybe if im feeling veggie one day, ill give it a shot. Our meal was about $10-$11 per person after food, taxes, and tip, not terrible.Over all, a better than expected meal and worth skipping other diners in the area if you're trying to stay a bit on the non greasy / healthier side. Happy Dining all my Yelping friends, and watch out for those microstorms, you never know just when or where they will pop up.
5	I've been to this little gem several times now and I must say I'm in love. Plenty of options vegetarian options for me as well as vegan options for my boyfriend. The food is gourmet, the atmosphere  is rustic and eclectic while maintaing a very clean feel, the owner is lovely and congenial. And OMG I am addicted to their coffee!! The iced almond milk latte is the best in Phoenix. Do yourself a favor and enjoy a nice brunch here :)
5	Hands-down, the best stuffed French Toast I've ever had! The cinnamon swirl bread was soft and thick, sliced in half (could only finish half- hello breakfast for lunch!). Flowing from the center was the most delicious vanilla cream cheese filling, and the bananas foster on top was just the icing on the cake! It came with some protein to balance out the carb fiesta-- bacon, yummy & crispy! The server was friendly, and of course I got seated right away (10:30am on a Monday morning). She kept kept my iced tea filled without me ever having to ask, and even knew to give me one to-go!The overall feeling of the Wy-Knot Cafe is relaxed and has a really good vibe. From the colorful, almost dreamy paintings on the wall to the dog-friendliness (pictures of Wyatt everywhere), it just made me feel happy being there. I also liked the variety of seating options and the spaciousness of having two rooms.This, my friends, is what makes me love breakfast so much! And I can't wait to go back for lunch (and of course breakfast)!
4	This place was just great, and I can't wait to return!Wy-Knot is fairly new cafe that knows what diners want. They serve up hearty portions of delicious (and sometimes healthy) food. I went for brunch and ordered the herb-roasted turkey and brie sandwich with a Moroccan beet salad. The sandwich was big and scrumptious! There's really an art to the proper portion size of a sandwich, and I'm happy to report that Wy-Knot gets it right (at least in my opinion). Earthy and flavorful, the beet salad was also a winner. Be sure that you enjoy beets though! While eating, I was treated to live music, and, layered on top of uber friendly service, that really added to the mood of this place. It's casual, it's chill, and it's good.One last thing I got to try was some of their blueberry pancakes. Wy-Knot bakes their pancakes rather than fry them, and it really makes their pancakes uniquely their own. I almost can't imagine ordering a stack of them because they're so huge...it would be like eating a cake! The cakes loaded with fresh blueberries, and I mean loaded; a picture will be posted! The blueberries were piping hot, and they were actually in there! I say that because I've ordered similar pancakes, and I've found that the fruit had dissolved into cake. Not at Wy-Knot! Did I mention that I was in pancake heaven? Anyways... I like this place, and I hope to see more and more places like this popping up in the valley!
4	I'm guessing it's been covered repeatedly but I'm not sure I'll ever be able to go back to this place without having the cinnamon bread french toast. Good God, I'm craving it a week later. Most likely I'll just keep getting it and steal bites off my wife's plates to try new things. Well done Wy-Knot!
5	If you are craving a sandwich and a good, quality salad - this is the place for you! I am often at a loss for where to go for a good sandwich, probably amplified by the fact that I am vegetarian and I am tired of "roasted red pepper" sandwiches. Enter: Wy-Knot Cafe. Stumbled upon this place after searching online for tofu breakfast burritos. At the Wy-Knot Cafe I found tofu burritos and so, so much more than I was looking for. Not only are they vegetarian friendly, but they are happy to accommodate vegan requests as well! The staff is incredibly friendly, and down to earth. I love that their outside seating is dog-friendly. The whole vibe is very lazy Sunday morning; the cafe is very relaxed, but nice.My favorite is the Tofu Veggie Delight with hummus instead of the cheese spread. It's a delicious sandwich with lightly crispy tofu. I've been with friends that have tried the meat-eating flavors and they have always left satisfied! They also have great soups daily, and filling salads.This place is a win-win for people of all dietary backgrounds. And with all dishes under $10 a plate, it is a heck of a deal!!
5	How do you not love this place and the owner?  I don't know, because we love both!  Jackie makes some seriously great eats.  We've not ventured far from a few items in our brief time since discovering this gem, but if you never have anything but the stuffed French toast, you'll probably be very happy.  Jackie is warm and wonderful and so is her food!
5	The stuffed French toast is without a doubt the best French toast I've ever had, trumping even my own home made version. Thick fresh baked cinnamon bread french toasted to perfection, topped with brown butter carmalized bananas, stuffed with vanilla cream cheese and served with warm maple syrup. Perfection! The locally roasted coffee was also superb and our friend said her veggie tofu sandwich was extremely tasty. The service was absolutely wonderful and the restaurant is clean and family friendly (also dog friendly on patio). I look forward to going back again soon and bringing my Vegan mother since there are many vegan and vegetarian menu options.
4	Why? Well it's easy - Wy~Knot? Wy~Knot Cafe (named after the owner's English Springer Spaniel "Wyatt") and shows you "why" every time you walk through the Coronado eatery's doors. Upon arrival, you'll notice a clean, homey feel with local art on the walls and a combination of tables and couches that double as a restaurant/poetry space. The cafe hosts a variety of events such as poetry readings, jazz, book signings and art expressions. See their Facebook Events page for their upcoming scheduled community activities. We stumbled upon the cafe one Saturday morning during a mini summer stay-cation down at the Clarendon Hotel in Midtown. The Yelp reviews brought us in, but it's the food that will bring us back.....For more on the food, see out website:http://www.things-to-do-in-phoenix-arizona.com/WyKnotCafe.html
4	This is a delightful, funky, cozy surprise to find. They have excellent fresh breakfasts and lunches, with lots for both vegetarians and carnivores. You won't be disappointed. Or just go for coffee and a pastry.
5	The best breakfast restaurant I have EVER eaten at.  YUM!Loved the lady that opened it about 7 months ago.There were no tables available when my husband and I arrived at about 10am on a Saturday so we ate on the love seat.  Great ambiance and comfortable.Have never seen tofu as a breakfast side dish along with ham, bacon or sausage but it was crispy and delish with a sauce on top.  I had the baked blueberry pancakes.  So good!  Must have had 10 blueberries in each bite.The french toast looked beautiful and tasty but I don't like cinnamon so I didn't try it.
4	Arrived at 10am on a Saturday, and we appeared to just beat the brunch rush.  I had the tofu burrito and loved it.  I really loved the salsa it came with, too.  I didnt try anyone else's food at my table because I was obsessed with my entree.  The have a full coffee bar but we stuck with diet coke.  My husband had 2 sodas - no free refills here, they have no fountain drinks, only bottles - and the server was all like, "Do you really need ANOTHER diet coke?"Girl, quit judging.  We all have our problems.They have a small dog friendly patio but people seemed to "camp" at the 3 tables - I would be hesitant to bring my dog for fear I'd have to wait for a outside table.
5	Delicious!  Wonderful brunch spot.  Tasty food, inviting decor, and reasonably priced.  My sister-in-law and I came here for lunch, and we both ordered the Cinnamon Roll Stuffed French Toast.  It was SO worth the calories.  We both brought our babies with us, and everyone was so accommodating.  It was a lovely experience and I will definitely be back!
5	Incredible food. If you don't try this place for lunch, you must hate eating well. I went here for the first time last week and got a salad with beets; a server recommendation. Not the type of thing that I'd expect to have a What About Bob moment over, but I did. The saltiness of the prosciutto and the sweetness of the (roasted?) beets was fantastic. I've been thinking about this salad ever since. If only this place was closer to my house!
4	Delicious, and the owner is so nice! Sometimes I wish she marinated the tofu a little longer, that's my only quibble, but really a very small quibble. She is also extremely accommodating if you have special food issues - very kind, and friendly!
4	Grilled tofu sandwich was pretty good. Quiant little cafe with a lot of vegetarian options. :)
5	Great,fast, friendly service. The stuffed french toast was Phenomenal!  Though i did try my husband's pancakes and they weren't as good.The portions are generous. Even my cappuccino was nice.
2	3 strikes, sorry Wy-Knot. You're out.  On our first visit, we waited for 30 minutes after placing our order for the food to come out. The place wasn't even crowded that morning. We decided to try again. On our second try, I ordered the Stuffed French toast, a signature dish. After 5 minutes, the owner came out and apologized but they were out of the cinnamon bread to make it. No ingredients to make your famous dish? Amateur. I ordered something else. It was good. After some time, we recently decided to try again. We arrived at 10 minutes till 9, and were seated and our order taken right away. Then the wait. And wait. Then an apology and some complimentary melon. Then finally our food arrived....at 9:45....55 minutes to get served....for breakfast...the quickest cooked meal there is. No owner visit. No explanation. Just slow... For the second time. Too many other choices in town. Sorry WyKnot.  Good food....too slow.
1	Went there for breakfast. Only two people, I think one was a server. He walked past me twice, completely ignoring me. After, 15 minutes, I finally walked out. Never to return.
4	Great service, great food and nice spot.  I ordered the stuffed French toast with a side of eggs and kale and was surprised that a side of marinated tofu came with the meal.  That was the first time I ever saw tofu served as an alternative to say a sausage.  It was so good.  Wy-Knot 5 stars? You ran out of walnuts for the French toast!!!!  I love discovering new brunch spots and liked the owner Jackie down to earth nature.  Good job, I'll be back!
4	First off everything here was amazing, the only reason I gave a 4 star is for the wait. At our table we got the blueberry pancakes, French toast, stuffed French toast and a side of potatoes. The pancakes are like nothing I have had, fluffy but crispy with a little caramelization on the edges. Mmm. French toasts were Huge! Both were tall and yummy. Comes with your choice of a meat or tofu. I'd say they are about 5-6" tall. Probably a half a loaf :D.  If I get back to Phoenix and am there in the morning, this is a definite breakfast/brunch spot (till 11am).
5	If you enjoy fresh ingredients, healthier eating, good unique flavors, and at a reasonable cost . . . THIS IS IT!!!I took my wife and mother there (you can see our plates in the pics under  "senor e.") and it was great.  I think what I liked most was that the ingredients and taste of the food was comparable to what I'd do at home.  The combination of foods and taste is awesome, the service was good, the place is clean.  And to boot, there's some cool homegrown art and pics surrounding you to add to the ambiance.  Highly recommend their teas, they have raw sugar or stevia blend packets to sweeten your beverages.   With drinks and a not so skimpy tip, we walked out of there with $45 for all three of us.  It's not Denny's or Ihop prices but it's not Denny's or Ihop in anyway.
3	I'm all for giving an establishment a fair shake - saying that I also believe that a place should be (roughly) judged on 60% their food and 40% their service. Hence my 3star rating. My husband and I went and had brunch here last weekend and wow, the food was spot on! It started with me craving stuffed french-toast and, to yelp I went to find a place with good reviews. Wy-Knot came up and so we headed over. The french toast completely satisfied my cravings with the wonderful cream cheese filling and bananas on top. So where is the other 40%?  Well our server, who I think might have been an owner or at least someone that doesn't regularly deal with customers, literally tossed menus in our direction without so much as a hello. Eventually he came back and asked what we wanted, we told him. No small talk or suggestions there! I won't walk you through our meal but suffice it to say, we WILL try there again and I hope to be able to up the stars with a different server with some people skills.Also, they allow you to bring your dog and sit on the patio - they'll even bring your pooch a bowl of water.
4	Loved the atmosphere of this place (mix of coffee house with breakfast place). Loved my scrambled tofu, and my girlfriend's stuffed French toast was incredible (very filling).
3	The menu is awesome.  Lots of really great options, and lots of vegetarian options.  I had a very hard time deciding what to get. I was totally satisfied with my order, although my companion felt "meh" about hers.  We got different things and I didn't try hers, so that's all I can say about it.  That said, it took FOREVER for the food, and the place was not full.  I know wait time is really variable, but it was really a crazy long wait compared to...every other place I go, ever.  My friend asked for jam and was not informed that it's not free.  Also, the jam didn't seem to be jam, but more of some kind of extremely sugary compote of whole blueberries that was so sweet it was inedible.  It was weird, it was gross, and it was on our bill.  That's an unfortunate combination.The guy who dropped our food off was equally weird.  Maybe the owner.  He put the plates down in the wrong order, and when I said, "Woops, there's mine," and reached for the other plate, he said something like, "Well it's not like I know what everyone ordered! These things happen!!"  No shit, buddy.  So why are you having a tantrum all over my food?I'll try it again because I am really into that menu, but that guy should stay in the back and while he's at it, figure out how jam is made.
2	I wanted to book a breakfast for a wedding shower and tried to call this place 3 times. I was told that a manager would call me back the next business day on each occasion, but never received a call. It would have been a pretty large group and well worth their while but gotta say that I doubt I would even go here for a meal. Even if they could not have accomodated a group or taken a reservation someone should have followed up with a call or told me so.
5	Loved this cute hole in the wall! Had breakfast here with a girlfriend and her young daughter, and loved it! Wish there were more local owned places like this. I had the goat cheese, arugula and prosciutto - it was delicious! The service was friendly and prompt but not overbearing - just perfect. Prices are very reasonable and the ambiance is very nice- it was busy, but not too loud or crowded. I'll be coming here again for brunch. My only request is that they consider accepting Amex :-)
2	This place was recommended by so many people so we decided to give it a try.  Right away we walked in didn't know if someone would greet us or if we should seat ourselves.  One of my biggest pet peeves in any restaurant is walking in and not being immediately greeted.  We stood there or a minute or so and the waitress walked up to us and looked at us like she was confused and we had to ask her for a table of two, isn't that your job?  I witnessed them do the same thing to several other parties that walked in behind us.The service was the worst part of this experience.  It didn't seem like anyone knew what they were doing or who was taking what tables.  The food was just ok.  I had a burrito and the bf had something I can't recall.My experience was just eh, could have been better but then I guess it could have been worse.
5	I've eaten at Wy-Knot a handful of times now and I have yet to have a bad experience there. The food is awesome, with a pleasant selection of vegetarian (and even vegan) fare for those folks conscious of animal harm, the menu changes fairly regularly to incorporate new specials (which is a huge plus for anyone with an adventurous palate), and the service has always been cheerful and attentive on the occasions that I have visited.I also appreciate that Jackie makes an effort to have a seasonal option on the menu at all times and prices all the food at what seems to be a very fair value considering the quality of the food. Oh and the beet salad! Beets are good for more than just making sugar, try the beet salad here and I'm sure you'll agree.
5	Why wouldn't you love this cafe! It's charming, intimate, locally-owned and most importantly, the food is phenomenal! I stopped by one recent Sunday after church and ate myself into a happy food coma. We decided to share the cinnamon stuffed french toast and silver dollar blueberry baked pancakes because we were told both were a must-try menu items! For some reason I thought silver dollar pancakes meant they were small, but I soon learned that nothing at Wy-Knot Cafe is small! I don't even know how to begin to describe the cinnamon stuffed french toast. Heaven in your mouth? Yes. Dessert for breakfast? Yes. Worth every single calorie and then some? A million times yes! The combination of the fluffy cinnamon french toast and the cream cheese stuffing is divine. The dish is huge and because each bite is so amazing, it's tempting to find it in your to gorge yourself and finish! I definitely ate more of the cinnamon stuffed french toast than the silver dollar pancakes, but those were also very good! However, the french toast trumped any other dish in my mind. The silver dollar blueberry pancakes were huge! The dish comes with three very large baked pancakes and so the meal was very much of a carbo-load...in a very good way! After all, if you are going to consume the calories, it might as well be worth it and this food was very much worth it. We got lucky because when we went, it wasn't very crowded. Therefore our food didn't take too long. However, I did learn that they have a small kitchen, so beware that if it's busy in the cafe, the food will take a little longer. But stick around because trust me, it's worth the wait!!!
5	Excellent food, atmosphere, staff and owner!  The turkey sandwich was very flavorful - real turkey sliced with fresh bread and toppings.  It's always a tough choice deciding what to order from so many delicious items on the menu.
5	Jackie is so creative!  Every thing I eat here is made with love. You'll definitely need to try to Ham Sandwich! You won't be disappointed.
5	Classic seven burrito with ham and bacon is phenomenal. A must try :-)
3	It is a small location. There is also a small area for outdoor seating, when it's nicer out.I agree with the reviews of cold butter and syrup. I did ask for the syrup to be warmed up which they gladly did. The butter was cold, which brings the temperature of the food down. I would recommend if ordering the french toast or pancakes to request butter at room temp & warm syrups  when ordering. The french toast was like 2 inches thick, the blueberry pancakes had a slightly crispy taste to them since they were baked. It wasn't a bad taste, just different. The ham was an inch thick. So the servings were nice. The food was good. There were lots of vegan options. It wasn't a melt in your mouth, I've died and gone to heaven good, but it was just breakfast. I'm interested to try lunch next, to see if my review will increase.
3	The food was nothing special, however the owner managed service is great. The atmosphere is nice as well. The coffee was good, and the price was acceptable. But food quality and taste is the most importance and the food at wy-knot left me thinking why not use fresh ingredients.
5	New Year means new menu items. All I can say is "Thanks Jackie!" Tried the new turkey salad crostini yesterday, and fellow foodies you should try it too! Or the tofu scramble with potatoes. Or just a side of the roasted veggies. You pretty much can't go wrong here. Wy-Knot!
3	I searched Yelp to find a great breakfast place that was not a chain restaurant. Wy-Knot was close to our destination so we tried it. The service was very good. Good coffee. Out of our group the French Toast and the pancakes was the winning plates. The egg and hasbrown breakfast had burnt hashbrowns (and a little pricey for eggs). Overall it was ok. Maybe lunch would be better, and only if I was in the area.
5	Baked blueberry pancakes are the best!  Not your average vegetarian restaurant since they have meat options.  A kickback to the neighborhood caves with great food and all the locals.
4	This place doesn't look like much from the outside it's one of the couple of restaurants that have been converted over in Phoenix from existing buildings, but that shouldn't deter you from stopping by.  The inside is completely renovated and has an updated and friendly feel to it.  The staff is pleasant and very helpful for newbies and seem to really appreciate their customers. I also give them extra points for having breakfast during lunch hours.  I can have breakfast any hour of the day so they are on the right track.  My sister and I got takeout for lunch and mu Spinach/Feta/Mushroom frittata was excellent even after it had travelled back home with me.  They have great hashbrowns that are slightly seasoned and cooked expertly and a welcome change from the run of the mill plain Jane potatoes places usually serve with breakfast.They have limited parking ( as do the other places near here ) so if you park on the side street save yourself some time and walk down the sidewalk.  We tried to cut through the middle alley and it doesn't exit into the parking lot.We'll be back.Try: Spinach/Feta/Mushroom Frittata.
4	My fiancee and I were downtown and wanted something different to eat and stopped here. We knew nothing of the place and just decided to try it. This place was good. I ordered the stuffed French toast which was great (the baked bananas  on top were a great touch).  My fiancee had the turkey and brie and the meat was thick sliced and moist and tender. Good place.  Most likely going back again :)
5	What's not to love about Wy-Know Cafe?  Jackie, the owner, makes delicious food!  Her herb roasted turkey sandwich is divine and let's not forget about those yummy salads!This is a great place to gather with friends for a fantastic meal and service!
5	I've never finished a breakfast meal before. Here, every bite was wonderful. I can't really express how much I loved all the food, because it really is without comparison.We came in on a fairly slow mid-morning, demanding breakfast 2 minutes before 11. The waiter, a wonderfully nice guy, told us it was fine. The owner, who has only owned the business for 15 months, came out and visited and asked us how the food was. The answer was simple - Totally kickass.I am a vegetarian (on accident, after watching netflix documentaries), so I have a little bit picky tastes for my vege-food. I love flavour, taste, texture, etc. I had the tofu scrambler, with veggies, eggs, cheese, potatos, and an AMAZING sourdough and I ate Every. Last. Bite. They sent us off with to-go coffees, without us even asking, and both the waiter and the owner were incredibly entertaining. I would go back in a heartbeat!
4	A breakfast menu that breaks away from the ordinary and trite dishes to give your taste buds a small adventure. We all enjoyed our meals thoroughly but one guy with us was upset that his butter wasn't soft enough. I feel his pain, but that's a pretty minor infraction as far as I'm concerned. I will definitely be back here.
1	Breakfast was decidedly underwhelming. My husband's bfast sandwich was average at best and my egg burrito was the worst I have ever had. The eggs were burned, almost black, and tough. How do u make eggs tough??? Service also horrible. The guy serving us was not familiar with the menu, we had to flag him down for more coffee, and would someone please buy him a personality?!
4	We stopped in to get a take out/eat on the road breakfast in a hurry before an appointment.  I know this isn't that kinda place, but I wanted something fresh, healthy, etc.  We split the goat cheese, arugula pancetta frittata  with veggies and whole wheat bread. I LOVE that they have veggies as an option in place of potatoes.  I also ordered a side of fruit with vanilla honey.  They were great getting our meal packed up to go for us, I appreciated the foil to keep the Styrofoam from melting.  The frittata was so good and the veggies were wonderful and earthy and the bread was so soft and yummy.  The fruit was fresh, but I couldn't help but feel ripped off cuz the fruit cost as much as five times as much from a grocery store, but it isn't a grocery store, it is a restaurant... Its ok...  The vanilla honey wasn't very good, too much vanilla extract flavor... that is the thing I didn't really enjoy.  We would love to come back on a slower morning to sit and enjoy our meal there.
1	Wy-Knot? The service mainly.This morning, I "attempted to" have brunch with a friend at this restaurant. The reason I use "attempted to" rather than "did" is due to our 10:46am arrival at the restaurant resulting in a 12:02pm serving of our meals. I have been operating under the impression that 14 minutes in industry standard for seating to serving; evidently this establishment is not standard.Simply put, we had breakfast for lunch.MEAL SUMMARY (-2.5 / 5):10:46am: Upon arrival, we were begrudgingly greeted by the server, who informed us our table (the one inside the restaurant with patio chairs - you'll know what I'm talking about if you still go) would be ready once it was cleaned. Why the previous patron's dirty dishes were still sitting on the table is beyond me.10:51am: We were seated and promptly ordered coffees and waters. The coffees came quickly. We ordered our meals as the coffees arrived, and the waters came minutes later.11:05am: I thought for the first time, "I wonder how much longer till my food arrives?"11:08am: Our server refilled our coffees.11:17am: I noticed others arriving at the restaurant were receiving their meals. I had not received mine.11:21am: I realized the splattered painting right by my right shoulder was for sale for $2400. I doubt anyone will purchase it.11:27am: Our server refills our coffees and apologizes for the delay in our meals. She informs us their POS system was having problems and failed to generate a ticket. She asks us again what we ordered and says it will be the only ticket in, so our meals should arrive quickly.11:35am: My friend and I have a conversation where we made fun of a mutual friend behind his or her back. I briefly forget my oppressive hunger and dropping blood-sugar levels.11:43am: The male server refills our coffees and informs us our meals will be our shortly. As he leaves, he pats me on the shoulder and says, "Thanks for the patience, bud." I do not know him and doubt we'd be buds if I did.11:50am: Every customer who was in the restaurant at our arrival is gone.11:52am: My friend becomes agitated at the delays. We discuss how much of the bill should be comped due to delays. We agree 50% is fair for us to give Wy-Knot another try in the future.11:54am: I wish we would have gone to Matt's.11:56am: Coffee refill #5. I've drank a lot of coffee.12:02am: Our meals arrive. I do not remember the next 12 minutes.12:14am: I'm full.12:16am: Our bill arrives. We have been compensated for one of the coffees. I become the agitated one. I ask if that's really the best they can do. The server goes to speak to the manager.12:19am: Our bill is reissued with a 10% discount. I decide I will not return in the future.12:25am: Departure.FOOD REVIEW (3.5 / 5):I had the stuffed cinnamon french toast. It was good, but seemed overpriced at $12.00. A good breakfast in Phoenix, but not anything amazing. Banana and vanilla flavors went nicely with the toast, and the portions were large. Plus .5 for the side of bacon.OVERALL:Wy-Knot would have a desirable dining experience with much better service. There are other breakfast places in the Midtown and Arcadia neighborhoods I would visit before this one.
5	On the drive to WyKnot, I skimmed all 90+ Yelp reviews trying to decide what to get. There was a clear consensus to try this legendary stuffed French toast, but I was torn: it seemed so decadent, and I already had a no holds barred cheat meal on this trip. I wondered if the baked blueberry pancakes  (still a cheat but a little more responsible) would be good enough? Well fear not, folks, the pancakes are unique and delicious too! So fluffy and flavorful and they will totally stuff you! We saw others have the French toast and it did look like something we'll try next time, but have no regrets about the wonderful pancakes. We also got the turkey and Brie sandwich with beet salad everyone Yelped about and it was great too! It wasn't listed on the menu but when I asked about it my server gave me a knowing smile and complimented my choice. They must be trying new stuff but still taking requests for old classics. I have seen a lot of mixed reviews about the service but I had a great experience. The moment we walked in, we were greeted warmly by a gentleman who settled us on a couch with coffee while we briefly waited for a table to open up and spent our whole time there actively preoccupied with making sure everyone was comfortable and felt welcome. I also loved our server who was also warm and welcoming, and took great care of us! Highly recommend!
1	The food is good. The service is horrible. I blame ownership or management. I was in town to catch a few spring training games and we decided after searching on yelp to try this place out. We walked in and immediately we were slapped across the face by the heat in the restaurant. It had to be 85d inside, much cooler outside. We asked for water and we were given room temperature water after 10 minutes of being seated. We were shocked when we noticed that the table next to us were served water with ice and lemon. It took another 5 minutes to get ice and straws. They brought us a pitcher of ice and took it back after we served ourselves the ice. Oh and I can't forget that they threw the straws on the table as they flew by our table. Once our food was brought to our table we noticed that not all that was ordered was delivered. It seemed to me that the two women and the man(owner/manager) were running around trying to keep up with the amount of people in the restaurant. This was due to poor management or trying to save a dollar and not pay another person to help. It seems to me that when a place of business is short handed it reflects bad on management. I don't recommend trying this place. Service is just as important as good food.
4	Great breakfast/brunch/lunch spot. They have a pretty extensive menu with a lot of vegan, vegetarian, and healthy options. I had the tofu veggie sandwich with goat cheese, it was a stacked sandwich with a goat cheese spread and balsamic dipping sauce, it was very flavorful and fresh tasting, the homemade mushroom soup that came with it was also very rich in flavor. On another trip I had the tempeh burrito, a healthy vegan option, it was filled with veggies and avocado and was huge!There are some less healthy options as well, which are equally as good. The pancakes are served at a very generous portion and were very fluffy, served with real maple syrup. The stuffed french toast is very indulgent and a must try!
4	Great food. Friendly service. Its the type of place you love having in your community. Vegan friendly to boot!
3	I finally made it to this place back in February, and with all the hype...I really was not impressed. It's a cute little place, yes. The staff are extremely sweet and attentive, but it just didn't cut it for me. I really wanted to like it too. I ordered their tomato and brie frittata and it was pretty good, but really didn't hit the spot. My friend ordered their talked about banana french toast. Wow, that thing was HUGE! I love french toast, but it didn't even seem all that edible. I am the biggest sweet fan, ever...and this thing was just too sweet and had way too much going on. Maybe I'll go back to try their lunch, but I'll save my breakfast options for what I know.
5	Awesome! The stuffed french toast should be on everyone's bucket list!
3	The good: Stuffed French toast was amazing and so was the omelette!The bad: bacon was burnt, potatoes were way undercooked and the waitress took my boyfriends plate away without asking when he wasn't done. There was only a bite or two left however you should always ask before taking someone's plate.
3	I am unsure why this place has 4 stars. It was mediocre at best. The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because our server was so sweet. I felt their menu items were lacking. Reasonably priced for sure, but just not a lot to choose from. They are vegan friendly which is nice. I'm not a vegan, but I like eating healthy, so the fact that the options are available (like tempeh which I love) are a plus. But they didn't even have many options for coffee. The food took a fairly long time considering they weren't very busy. The server explained everything is made fresh and that's why it takes so long. Isn't everything made fresh at most small restaurants? I would expect nothing less? Just seemed unusually long. The food itself was decent, but I felt like it was something I could've made myself in my kitchen. I definitely wasn't blown away by anything and overall the place just seemed very average. Not a bad thing I guess, but wouldn't be anywhere close to my first choice for brunch. Sorry!
4	Prosciutto, Arugula and Goat Cheese Frittata was earth shatteringly good. Great Coffee too! Unfortunately, some man I want to say was a manager was really pushy about us leaving at 2:30. Like, to the minute, clearing our plates, pulling out our chairs with us in them, and telling us they were closing. Because, they close at 2:30. We get it.
5	Reading through the reviews, I could see how Wy Knot reviews run the gamut from five star to one. Our experience was spectacular - great food, good service, comfortable atmosphere - but the staff does seem to be operating by the seat of their pants and I could see how service may slip under busier conditions. For our Saturday morning brunch, however, they nailed it and I hope to be back again to try their French toast.
3	The food would get five stars but the male server said such weird things with us, it felt like we walked into the twilight zone.  Things like, "I don't eat bread but do you want bread.  That dish is a very large portion are you sure you want to order it."  Very strange. The food though, is great and I like the ambiance.  The lady who owns it seams to be the one who really knows good food and service.  She makes up for the gentleman who tends to be a little putting-off.
5	Delicious food, the service was amazing and the stuffed frech toast was absolutely famous. Also, the HERB ROASTED TURKEY BREAST/BRIE sandwhich, described as "the sandwhich you can't stop eating" was phenomenal and was served with a fresh garden salad topped with white vinegar dijon mustard dressing. JACKY, the owner and chef was an incredibly warm and inviting host along with the rest of the staff.
5	Super friendly, fast service. Cute cafe with lots of art and natural light. I got the tomato basil and brie frittata with potatoes and sourdough toast, a side of bacon, and a coffee all for $20 after tip. The frittata was larger than I expected with plenty of tomatoes and brie. The potatoes are seasoned red which made me a little apprehensive since I can not handle spicy food at all, but they were very flavourful and went down easy. The toast was delicious with a nice creamy butter.  The bacon (an extra at $2 for three pieces) was great and totally worth the price. Very good coffee with unlimited top ups at $2.49. You can also get your food to-go but if you're not in a hurry, stick around for the service.Definitely recommend this local eatery. I'll be back to try the french toast!
4	Had to come back but was a little too hungry to wait for the baked french toast. Soon!This time, I tried the ham, swiss and spinach sandwich which came on ciabatta with a side of potatoes. The spinach still had the stems which I don't like and wasn't quite as flavourful as I like but, other than that, it was a very filling and delicious sandwich. This time, I couldn't finish my potatoes! Coffee was still good and service was still friendly (with the exact same staff as my visit last weekend). My friend got the frittata I did last weekend and it didn't look like mine had with a lot more tomatoes. Consistency issues in the kitchen? Still really enjoyed my meal and will definitely be back.
4	Great little place with a good vibe.  I had the tempeh breakfast burrito which was delicious and huge.  The g/f had a salad with kale, beets, green beans and white hummus which was tasty but just a little oily.  Fresh squeezed OJ capped it off.  Good selection with a handful of daily specials.  The cinnamon French toast is a head turner, making me wish I had opted for something a little less healthy.Friendly service, limited outdoor seating, diverse clientele.  Overall, a solid addition to the area.
3	I tasted thheir turkey brie sandwich with their beet and arugulla salad. Delicious! But they don't have much other food.  Their menu is limited.  I believe its more of a coffee place.
5	This place is great! People are really friendly and the food is consistently good. I recommend the tempeh breakfast burrito.
4	First time and first rate breakfast and service. Prosciutto chunks with goat cheese and spinach in a frittata was inspired. Shared cinnamon French toast and waddled out. We'll be back it's a keeper
4	I love their sweet potato and black bean salad. Really filing and so healthy!! Plus, Jacki is very nice and accommodating. I always feel good supporting this local gem!
4	I had brunch there a couple of weeks ago.  I had the special, which was a spinach, goat cheese omelet with a side of green beans and a jalapeno corn muffin with bean salsa and flavored butter (can't remember what was in the butter).  It was very savory and delicious!  The coffee was of good quality and they didn't charge per cup, which I was surprised about, considering the interior is a bit hipster but not in a bad way.  The place obviously used to be a house. Now there are half walls and exposed brick on some walls, as if the plaster is melting off in areas.  In other words, it's tastefully done and supposed to look like that.  And one long table is actually a recycled door.  Very clever.  I liked this place a lot, despite the neighborhood.  I will definitely be back!
5	Just finished lunch at this amazing cafe with a  welcoming owner/hostess, charming decor and food that will knock your socks off. I had the tomato/brie frittata. I am normally leary of frittatas as most of them are way overcooked, but this one was perfect- smooth and scrumptuous. My friend ordered one of the specials, a wild rice pancake which was a complex creation mixing sweet with savory, topped with ricotta and sage. Both dishes came with a side of potatotoes or sauteed veggies (we chose the veggies-yum) and we washed everything down with tall glasses of green mandarin iced tea.Most of the places that have opened lately seem to be little more than flashy concepts with food that doesn't invite you to hurry back. There is real thought and intent behind the menu at the Wy-Knot Cafe and I will be hurrying back very soon.BTW, the background music is soft and mellow allowing for plenty of relaxed conversation.
4	This little cafe is like coming home, Jackie is friendly and sweet. Ordered the award winning stuffed french toast and the hubby tried the baked pancakes. Everything on the menu looks amazing breakfast and lunch served all day. Very convenient and great value for price. Can't beat the homemade feel and atmosphere. Totally a gem in the city.
3	A nice relaxing atmosphere but greasy food.
5	I've been putting off writing a review of Wy-Knot.... Mainly because it's my FAVORITE! Every single experience I've had here has set the bar for every other place I go. Be patient, and I'll tell you all about the food. Here's the typical experience, and the reason I love this place is that what I'm about to tell you IS TYPICAL! You walk in, sit down, and are greeted by the kindest people. It's like they know what kind of mood you're in, or even what kind of mood you want to be in. If you're in a rush and getting something to go, they're pretty fast for how high quality the food is. If you're extremely hungover, they somehow cure it! I don't know what it is... The well lit ambience, the wonderful staff, the coffee, the green tea, the amazing food? It's the 11th wonder of Phoenix. Now, onto the food! They do this thing where they keep it simple, but add some really advanced stuff. I mean, I can cook, but I'm not some sort of expert chef. The way they use their seasoning and mainly season with vegetables, sets them apart from the rest. You're going to spend about as much as you would at some tasteless cookie cutter franchise, but you feel good after. The amount of food that comes out on your plate is thoroughly impressive. I am not a salad eater, but their cobb salad is the tastiest looking salad I've ever seen. Get Jackie's signature french toast! I'm not a big fan of cinnamon french toast, and I love this stuff. I once had some sort of obscure cold vegetable something soup that was purple. I was sure it was going to be disgusting. Well, I have to tell you.... Sometimes it's good to be wrong. AND! If Jackie is proving you wrong, he is steering you in the right direction. I want it again, but I'm not sure if it's seasonal or what. Half of which, I can't remember what it's called. My point is this... You can't go wrong with Wy-Knot. Not to be an elitist, but if you've been here and don't like it - we are not friends. *****DISCLAIMER*****I don't use the word "love" unless I mean it, so take it seriously when I'm talking about this place and their food. Just because I show up at 1PM on a weekend hungover from a wonderful night partying with friends, does not make any of us alcoholics. Well.... maybe some... There's nothing "typical" about Wy-Knot except for being exceptional. I don't eat salad. I don't even like lettuce. However, the way they prepare their food - I'll eat it that way. I'm extremely allergic to bananas, so please don't bring it up and don't try to poison me - I can smell them from across the room. I'll know. I eat here as often as I can convince my girlfriend to not want something else.
3	This is a pretty decent place with a nice menu. I ordered a breakfast burrito with sausage. The potatoes seemed to need something - maybe a bit of a crunch by pan searing them to give the burrito some more character and less mush - but the rest was pretty good. Service was good, and there are plenty of things I'd come back to try.
4	The stuffed cinnamon French toast from Wy-Knot was voted the best in Phoenix. I've had it twice and it is definitely tasty! It comes with bananas, cinnamon, and warm syrup with your choice of bacon or sausage. The portion is HUGE -- I defy you to eat all of it. On my last visit I tried the omelet special, which was great. I haven't had anything bad here. The OJ tastes fresh-squeezed (not 100% sure, but it tastes like it). The place is a bit small, so you may have to wait depending on what time you go. They have a couple tables out front for outside seating. Parking is really tight in the back. This is one of my favorite Saturday morning breakfast/brunch spots!
4	Amazing! Charming cafe atmosphere with unique cuisine. First time me and my girlfriend have been here and we are planning to return. We had the tempeh breakfast burrito with potato, kale, and avocado to name a few things in it, very very good and a great big portion size with a side of very good home made salsa. The coffee was great and the service was very satisfactory, my coffee cup was never empty or cold to say the least, and on top of all of that the food didn't not take too long at all, so over all it's worthy of a shot if you are looking to try a new breakfast/brunch in Phoenix!
4	Amazing pancakes!  They bake them instead of cook on a griddle.  They are amazing.  I had the signature blueberry and they are sinfully good!  The owner has a weird dry sense of humor.  He seems constantly annoyed but don't pay any attention.  He means well.  Pay attention to the food.  For example, they have an amazing stuffed french toast.  Super thick and they don't short change you on the cream cheese inside.  The location is also very hip.  Good to hang out with friends and sip coffee.  Make sure you check out the art in the bathroom.  It is very cool.
4	I love brunch on the weekends.  I love it even more when they open before 10 a.m. ! Wy-Knot opens at 8 a.m. and it was worth getting up early and there by 8:30.  By 9 a.m., the cafe was packed.  They cook to order so I would get there earlier than later.I ordered the Wy-Knot Egg Benedict.  Creamy cheese hollandaise sauce over poached eggs, ham and a bacon cheddar biscuit with a side of veggies.  My only complaint is on the veggies, too much celery but I liked the mixed of green veggies. I also ordered a pancake on the side, since I've heard raving reviews about them.  Very good. Moist and even the plain pancake had a lot of flavor to it.  Just make sure to order extra side of butter! Wy go there? Cause it's freshly cooked, friendly customer service, fair pricing on the menu and favorable dishes. Why not?  I don't have a reason, they even have vegetarian dishes available! So those wanting a tofu meal, they have some great choices.
3	I figured any place boasting the "best french toast in Phoenix" was right up my alley.   I gave this place 3  stars because the food was good, I don't know if I would consider the french toast "the best". the decor was fun but the service was so so. The servers only came to the table to deliver food, never to refill drinks or ask if we needed anything.  Only reappearing after the plates were cleared with check in hand.Call me crazy but service is as important to me as good food.  I'll probably try again to see if I just hit them on a bad day before making a final decision.
5	Yay!  What a great place for brunch.  Props goes out to my bud, Sean N., who introduced me to this restaurant.  I had the stuffed french toast, aptly labeled the BEST in Phoenix.  As a visitor, I had to give it a shot; and I'm glad that I did!  Customer service was superb.  The waiter, chef and owner all came out and chatted for a bit; all personable and the owner was quick witted and loved talking about making food.  In addition, the place is pet-friendly.  Pooches more than welcome at the front "patio".   Probably the best time to go with your four-legged friends would be early morning or early evening as that midday sun can be a killer :/When I visit my friends in Phoenix, I'll make sure to come by for another round.  Thanks, Wy-Knot Cafe!
4	A bacon-cheddar biscuit. It's a little bite of heaven on my plate. This was the base for Wy-Not Cafe's eggs benedict and it was fantastic. The huge slab of ham didn't hurt matters, either. Other menu items being brought out to looks pretty tasty. Service was divine. Would I return? Why not.
5	Went here Saturday for a late breakfast, and had a wonderful meal.  There wasn't a wait, the entire staff was very friendly and accommodating, and coffee refills came quickly.  +1 for substituting almond milk for cream for no additional cost.  I had the SW breakfast burrito and my boyfriend had the French Toast.  Both were great; will be back soon!
4	Nice restaurant and food is good.  The service is slow so don't be in a rush.  But worth it if you have the time.
4	We had a great breakfast here last week. We were seated right away even though it was crowded.The owner was very friendly. She brought out a you bag for our toddler to play with and was very accommodating. I just wish they had more than 1 high chair. My husband had to hold our toddler till it became available. I ordered the famous French toast and my husband ordered the special eggs Benedict. I really enjoyed his eggs Benedict. I hope it becomes a staple. My French toast was really good too but we both loved the eggs. All in all it was a great experience and if we are in that part of town, we will be back.
4	Came here to meet M for brunch.  Get there early, the cafe is packed by 9:30am on the weekends.  I ordered the:Two eggs any style - scrambled eggs (super fluffy - heart it), potatoes, ham, and sour dough toast.  Everything was so good!Stuffed pancake original - yummy yummy for my tummy tummy.  Super terrific!  Fluffy, tasteful, & cooked to perfection!The green tea was very good too!  The service was good.  1 minor con:  The chairs are a little uncomfortable.
4	I had the Summertime Omelet and coffee. My dish was $12.00; a bit pricey for the omelet however it was very fresh and passed the palette test. There were bits of avocado, crumbled feta cheese and fresh crunchy peaches seared on the side with a slice of brioche toast.  The serving size is decent. I will definitely come back.
4	4.5 or maybe 4.9! Cafe. the atmosphere is very down to earth, it screams local cafe! I ordered this prosciutto and goat cheese frittata that was awesome! My wife had an omelette, which was on special and was very good, although I don't remember what it had in it. All in all, very good food, good service and great prices.
5	Wow! What a great breakfast at Wy-knots! I came into town from LA to meet with my friends from Seattle and some of us are vegan, some veggie and some not and we all got gorgeous breakfasts! Many options for everyone! But here is the really big deal: The stuffed French toast is off the chain! In fact I don't think I'll ever eat french toast anywhere else again because this is the pinnacle, the apex of all french toasts!! The owner was sincerely adorable and so friendly and the menu was big and interesting!You have to go!!!
5	This cafe begs a question, but I'm pretty sure you don't have to ask: Go here.  Eat.  Be happy.Quiet weekday morning, we were passing through, stopped at this original and have been enlightened.  I can't remember everything we ordered, as if my memory has been tampered with because of awesome-overload... But there was a savory pancake and some grilled vegetables included.  That's right!  Breakfast with an honest-to-goodness veggie serving.Great vibe to this place, friendly owner, amazing food!
5	OMG terrific French Toast.  Do not know what bread she uses but it is so light and yet not all squished together!  Featured omelet was wonderful with a side of peaches. Jackie is so warm and inviting.  Nice neighborhood atmosphere.  Fresh food Yum Yum!
4	I always see a lot of my friends checking in here so I thought it was time to check it out. My husband loved it more than me, but I thought it was decent. I ordered one of the omelet specials which was really good. It came with carmelized peaches on the side which were good but the cinnamon sauce/syrup had run all under my omelet. I tried to eat around the egg parts that hadn't absorbed the sauce but it was difficult. Maybe I am weird but I like some of those foods kept really separate. My daughter had a blueberry pancake which was really good. It seemed like they made it in a cast iron skillet which lended to the yummy cooked edges. My husband's omelet was good too.
5	This is a charming cafe, made all the better by local artwork on the walls and homey feeling permeates the place.I had brunch with friends 8/25; I had the 2 eggs scrambled, with perfectly seasoned red skinned potatoes, crisp bacon, and sour dough toast that was actually sour. The whole plate was loaded with food. The chai with almond milk is also amazing. The price is reasonable for the amount of food you get, and the staff are super friendly. I will be back for brunch many more times
3	As California natives we are use to stumbling out the house and finding good food. Here in Phoenix, it's not that easy... I found the Wy-knot on Yelp and decided to try them one Saturday morning. So I packed up the hubs and the kid and rolled out. The atmosphere is nice and eclectic. The cafe features art and photos from locals, and has an overall good vibe. We were served by the owner who made recommendations. We all had the French toast, which was delicious. I enjoyed my French toast with a side of cupcake flavored coffee. Two words: PURE AWESOME. I am giving this place 3 stars because the bacon was burned and cold. We will be back, and will certainly update my rating at that time.
3	Came in for breakfast this morning with my parents.  We all ordered breakfast burritos and got one baked blueberry pancake to try, since I thought they sounded interesting.  The burritos were pretty good, the salsa that came with it was good.  I was not really a fan of the pancake - it was pretty dry and not very sweet (not that pancakes are very sweet themselves, but for a pancake, it wasn't very sweet).  The waitress was very nice and accommodating to my mom's aversion to pepper but she didn't offer to refill my iced tea so I had to steal my mom's water.  I would come back here to try the french toast since the pictures of it look amazing, but I've had better breakfast elsewhere.
4	Stumbled upon this place in a fit of hunger. I was so impressed! Healthy options, standard breakfast selections, and awesome lunch menu. Delicious all around and the service was friendly and fast. I will definitely be returning.
5	Thanks for the yelpers' comments to help us to find this charming place and have a wonderful breakfast experience. Can't miss their cinnamon stuffed French toast. Hands down. The staff was very welcoming which made our visit even nicer.
4	Came here last Sunday for a late brunch after we looked around Yelp at top brunch places. With all the great reviews, we jumped in the car and were on our way.Parking was easy and we were greeted as soon as we walked in (by the owner I think). After looking over the menu I decided on the Cobb salad and my fiance ordered the eggs benedict. While I wasn't overly excited about my salad choice, I was pleasantly surprised when it came out a short time later and looked wonderful. Lots of yummy ham and turkey and an entire plate full of good food. The homemade vinaigrette on the salad was wonderful. I wasn't even hungry when we arrived and I ended up eating the WHOLE salad. My fiance called the eggs benedict....'amazing', 'wonderful', and 'some of the best he'd ever had'. All in all, while its not the swankiest place inside, it is charming and I'd definitely come back for that salad again!
5	Brunch was amazing. My girlfriends and I hit Wy-Knot on Sunday. All of our dishes were unbelievably good. My one friend for the stuffed French toast. It was divine! My other friend ordered the eggs Benedict special and it was incredible. I wasn't in the mood for breakfast food so I ordered the wilted kale salad. Wow. Tons of veggies full of deliciousness. This was my first time there and I will definitely be back. Love this place!
4	Why didn't I get a shout out Linh N? Anyway, this place wasn't packed during prime brunch time on Sunday, which scared me a little bit but I'm a thrill seeker.On the tabFamous french toast - 2" thick for all you, carb loversBaked pancake - was like a crispy donut panckae. Overall deliciousWy-knot breakfast burrito was filled with high quality ingredients that you can taste and none of that gross depressed feeling after you eat it. Y'no what i'm talking about, fatties.Sandwich that I didn't try cause it looked boring (ordered by Linh N...birds of a feather :P)Group of 4 dinged the CC about $50 bucks..but I truly enjoyed it. The service was quick and friendly. One of the guys showed us a picture of his ADORABLE daughter!
5	First time here, and we are very impressed! Not sure why we passed it so many times and never stopped in. Had the Benedict, kale salad, and cinnamon swirl French toast, which was, in fact, the best we've ever had! Will be coming back for sure!
4	I had a tasty Turkey & Brie sandwich with cheddar & potato soup. Nice place. Good service. Parking was kind of a pain. Had to circle around the block.
4	I can't believe I hadn't been here before! I never went here for breakfast in the past because I was under the impression that they used all tofu products in their food, but this is not the case. They do have tofu products available (like tofu scrambles), but they also have regular breakfast items. I had a really interesting and delicious breakfast, the wild rice pancake. This sounded very odd, which is why I decided to try it. It was a baked pancake with rice, carrots, mushrooms, other veggies, and some whipped sage ricotta cheese....it was so delicious, sweet and savory. It also came with a really tasty side of sauteed veggies. The BF had the baked blueberry pancakes and he liked them very much. Also, the coffee was delicious! Perfectly smooth and flavorful. I will definitely be back!
5	Oh wow. So good. Stopped in here several times for lunch and each time has been amazing.
4	Omg, parking was a pain the butt. I parked so far. Smh. Love all the art work on the wall. The canvas are beautiful.  The atmosphere here is relaxing. Great music of choice :)They only had one person working. Literally.  She did the ordering, the register up front and the cleaning. She ran around like a headless chicken. Great vegan menu,  everything sound amazing .i wanted it all. But I had the tofu burrito. It was tasty. The salsa could of been hotter, then the burrito would of been phenomenal :)
2	Their reviews are over rated.  I LOVE a great French Toast dish, so I was excited when I read the reviews.  It was just OK, nothing to brag about, lacking in flavor. The wait for my food was much longer than it should have been, and they were not that busy.....I had to ask for water twice.  OJ was best part of my breakfast.  No one visited my table to ensure satisfaction.  Even at checkout hospitality was lacking. Cute funky atmosphere tho.......
5	Great choice for breakfast!!  Fresh, healthy and lots of options for vegetarians.  Cute place, near downtown.  Affordable, yet generous portions.  I frequent this place usually once a week.  Best blueberry pancakes, honestly you can't go wrong with anything you get!  Going back tomorrow!
2	I really want to like you Wy Knot, but alas you won't let me. Your food is delicious and I appreciate that you make everything fresh and it sometimes takes a little longer. I love the baked pancakes. Here's the deal though, your service is consistently terrible. It's pure chaos. I've been in three times now and it's always the same. It's easier to get a cup of coffee in the middle of The Sahara. While my food is taking a little longer, maybe stop back by to say "hi" or ask if I need anything. I always go with a local business whenever possible, but after three tries, I just can't let it go anymore. It's Knot me, it's you.
5	You must try the stuffed French Toast!!Jackie the Owner is a great person to talk to you can tell she puts in the effort into her place.
5	Words can't describe how good their stuffed french toast were! First bite of the delicious most decadent, creamy and mouthwatering french toast.. it was heaven! This is probably one of the last foods I would eat before i die. The service was good, Jackie (the owner) was nice to talked to. I also like their paintings & art work on the walls.
2	The good: the food was tasty, the atmosphere is nice.The not-so-good: the food took forever to come. I get the idea that the place is inefficiently managed. Also, I ordered a veggie omelet and got an omelet with ham in it. The server had made a mistake with the computer and was very apologetic and sweet. However, I think they should have comped me my meal. The three bites of the omelet I ate before I realized it wasn't what I ordered was the most meat I've eaten in 16 years, and it was a very gross experience for me, plus I had to wait additional time after the initial 35-40 minutes we waited for our meals. I wasn't about to argue with them about it because it's not my style, but comping an entree for that sort of thing is just good service.I'd try this place again, because that snafu was probably just a fluke, but it's definitely not worth putting up with that sort of event multiple times.
5	This place is awesome!  Everything is made from scratch and the taste is out of this world!  Very wallet friendly & completely fresh food!  Highly recommend!  I've eaten there 3 times and love it!
3	With all the great reviews I was excited to check this place out.  My experience was a bit lack luster though.  I was a bit disappointed in the menu selection and settled on a breakfast burrito. While my guest was not able to find anything to eat I got to eat my food the next day.  I wasn't very impressed with the flavors though.  The dining area is small but was nice to see local artist displayed.  Not sure that I would be willing to return.
3	I ate here for breakfast yesterday, and it was a very solid place to eat.  It's a smaller restaurant, not terribly fancy, and not exactly in a central part of Phoenix.  But it's definitely off the beaten path and has a hip, trendy vibe to it.  I ordered the Tofu Scramble with potatoes.  There were a number of vegetarian and vegan options on the menu, and someday I'll come back to this place and try more of them.  The tofu scramble was pretty good.  I would have preferred that they chop the spinach leaves up a little more so that I'm not eating mouthfuls of entire raw spinach.  I also had one of their blueberry pancakes.  It was an absolutely delicious pancake.  It was so thick that I wasn't sure if it was a pancake or a scone.  I think they back their pancakes in the oven, which is why they look and taste slightly different from most places where they serve pancakes.The look of the restaurant is also very laid back and hip.  It's not designed to be an "elegant" place.  The walls are full of artwork that is all for sale.  Much of the artwork is by local artists.  It fun to walk around the restaurant and browse at the art, and even wonder out loud about "How the hell is that painting worth $2400?"  The only issue I had with this restaurant is that the utensils weren't that clean.  The fork that was placed at my table when I sat down was dirty and I had to ask the waitress to replace it.  The fork that she brought back to me as a replacement looked like it was really old and used.  It kind of grosses me out to eat with utensil that are worn that much.  Makes you think of all the random people who have had that fork in their mouth over the years.
4	this place was recommended to me by a local.  The French Toast and eggs Benedict we're outstanding.
4	Cute place, been there a few times.  I've always liked my breakfast and coffee.  Brought the kids too, they gobbled everything.  They use really nice artisan bread for the toast too.
5	Bad New Year's Day choice 'cause all meals the rest of 2014 will be less delicious. Fresh ingredients cooked to perfection. Creative recipes like beet hummus and kale crunch. Great vegan options. Abstract art on the walls. Killer prices. Kinda slow service 'cause they're so popular!
4	We just had lunch this weekend and, again, all dishes were delicious. I had the classic BLT with a side of Radicchio Slaw. Both were delicious. Bacon was done to perfection and I appreciated the normal portion. So many times it seems restaurants are making up for quality with quantity. Not here. My dining companion had the turkey and Brie sandwich with the beet salad as a side. Also a winner. Highly recommend!
5	Wonderful place. The interior is charming and the owner/waitress/whoever she is was friendly and inviting.Seared kale, green beans, beets & sweet potato salad with basil goat cheese is out of this world. For vegans the goat cheese can be switched out for hummus. This salad is extremely large and extremely delicious. My husband ordered the stuffed French toast that came with 2 slices of bacon. The French toast was scrumptious. I asked our waitress about the tempeh and she brought us a decent size piece for us to try. There is something on the menu for everyone. I look forward to returning.
5	Looking for a different lil spot for breakfast?This is it. What a find.Eclectic decor with art covering the walls and a different table & chair design for all to try.As for the food, let's just say YUMM!Perfectly prepared eggs, thick sliced ham and apple wood cured bacon, seared kale featured mixed greens and ciabatta toast.The proprietor even greeted us and made sure all was perfect!       Jackie is a doll.What a treat!
4	Four and a half stars. Very vegan friendly. Fresh and local. I had a salad last week with purple spinach, and it was awesome. Definitely not for the IHop crowd. The owner is super cool, innovative, warm, and embraces diversity. They suffer from wait staff diarrhea -- always seem to be going, and much harder on smaller, locally owned service industries. Local, fresh, innovative, and warm, the trifecta plus one for foodies.
5	Incredible food. See pictures for their stuffed French toast (they even put the real maple syrup on the side, for those that can't anything too sweet). Bacon is equally delicious and they make monster omelettes with various ingredients. Girlfriend had a southwestern omelette with lots of fresh avocado that she raved about. I found the coffee to be particularly good as well, one of the few non coffee shops you can actual drink the coffee black.The atmosphere is nicer too, eclectically decorated with a picture of the restaurant's name sake dog on the front counter. It is also reasonably quiet for a brunch place. Pending a large party doesn't sit next to you, you can have great conversations.More over, what moved me to rate this place so highly was the service of our waitress Bethany. For one, anyone who notices that I and girlfriend are wearing doctor who t shirts automatically gets 50 points on the nerd fighter scale. More over, she is genially interested in her conversation with you, and has nothing but nice things to say. In my new hometown that seems to be notorious for subpar service, Bethany was a breath of fresh air....and the reason why I have made wy-not my permanent breakfast spot in central Phoenix.
3	Brunch is my favoritest meal of the day. I have to say this place is a great cute little spot but there wasn't much selection on the food. Nothing really caught my attention on the menu. I am vegetarian and found it the menu a bit lackluster. We did enjoy the artists. The service was great and food was came out fast.
5	Wy-Knot Cafe has got my heart and admiration almost as much as my mom. The two ladies (the main chef and preparer of the amazing dishes at Wy-Knot and my mother) are culinary artists at work. One covering the south Arizona territory, one spans the North end.My mom makes 5-star dishes out of Bon Appetite, that would even put the recipe writing cooks from their magazine to shame! Needless to say, this place is what I would consider Phoenix's best little secrets and only 10 miles from the airport! Breakfast or Lunch ( I had a little of both...) there is no way you could go wrong dining a la Cafe Wy-not! Just ask Mr. Basils!
5	OMGosh - the best place to eat!  They have everything fresh & if you are vegan or vegetarian you will love this place - even meat eaters will love it!  It's a total step above!  Very eclectic and not a lot of room but definitely worth it!  Highly recommend!
4	Great for vegetarians and meat lovers. Yummy muffins were a highlight. We were a group of 5 and had to wait a bit but that was okay as we were seated within 10-15 minutes of arrival. Everything was made from scratch. The stuffed french toast is a must.
3	Stuffed french toast was good; reminiscent of a huge cinnamon roll. Great service as well.
4	I ate here on Saturday with three friends (one had just run the Phoenix Marathon).  Good coffee and the stuffed French toast was delicious, albeit so large the aforementioned marathoner couldn't even finish it.  Standouts were the phenomenal bacon and our sweet, attentive waitress Bethany!   Definitely will visit again!
1	Waited almost an hour for food and with a toddler!Really? And on a Sunday.... Food was ok but waiters never came to update us, I had to keep flagging them down asking what's up. Not impressed with the service nor the food
4	The ambiance is great! Love the local art hanging on the walls. It was nice to read and relax with a cup of coffee! The lovely lady who rang me up for my to go food was so sweet! But as I was looking forward to the french toast it was just a little too heavy for me! I definitely need to go back so I can try something else on that menu!My next day off I will definitely be spending my morning relaxing with a good book here!
5	I seriously wish I could give more stars. Everything is made in house and you can tell.my table got 8 different items on the menu from the muffins to sammis and breakfast goodies and there was not one complaint. This place has only been open for 3 years and they are definitely on the right path. Keep up the good work! I will definitely be back to try everything on the menu.
1	Came here around 930 Sunday morning. We sat on the patio. The waitress took our order promptly, then we waited and waited for the food (eggs Benedict and scrambled eggs). The waitress did not come back for more than 20 minutes to refill water or coffee. When the food finally came, it was cold. No wifi.
4	I came with a friend for breakfast. She ordered the "Classic" breakfast burrito and I ordered the Cinnamon Swirl Franchise Toast. I had some of my friends burrito and it was amazing!! As for my French Toast, it looked amazing but a little on the dry side. The topping and overall appearance were good. I think because the actual piece of toast was so thick, it tasted more like a loaf of bread. This was my first time here and I loved it. It's a small hidden gem, that showcases local artwork as well.
4	Went here for weekend brunch with my husband.  I am working on trying to follow a vegan diet and my husband very much isn't.  We were both very satisfied with this restaurant.  I had a tofu scramble that was quite good AND I had several menu options to choose from which is not that easy.  My husband had a meaty burrito that he was very happy with.  Portions were great.  The coffee was good.  The restaurant itself was clean, cute, relaxing.  Totally check it out!
5	I visited Phoenix from California and was pleasantly surprised when I stumbled upon THIS gem. The atmosphere is amazing. It's quiet (hum-along, head-bobbing tunes piping in), comfortably cool (not freezing-low AC like other places), fun and tastefully decorated (local art displayed on the walls), and the bathroom is incredibly cute and clean. The staff (Bethany & Csilla) is super friendly... You know? The GOOD, and GENUINE friendly, not the pretentious kind! And the owner (Jacky) made sure my meal was perfectly catered in every aspect without smothering. And the food? Aaaahhhh, the food is AWESOME! In my three visits this week (YES, 3... I stick to what works, man!), I got to try a wide variety of items from their deliciously enticing menu. With friends to share we got a diverse breakfast meal that left us all leaning back on our chairs with the complete satisfaction of a food-induced comatose state. The cinnamon roll french toast is probably illegal in half-dozen states. I thought I had some pretty good egg dishes in my humble existence, but the goat cheese omelette left me all: "where have you been all my life?!" (Editor's note: the potatoes are lip-smacking good, yet I recommend you have the veggies on the side... Be amazed as I was.)Then there is the seared kale salad. Where to begin. Well.  Order it when you're really hungry, for one! It was a good challenge to finish it alone. And, I'm a equal opportunity food consumer, but this dish made me contemplate vegetarianism. It's densely packed with mouth-watering, supah-fresh, veggie extravaganza!  Culinary awesomeness. Well done, kitchen elves!
3	Food was good but nothing special.  Coffee was horrible and I was shocked that they charged for cream in your coffee.
3	The food was amazing but the service was horrendous! Three were 2 of us in our group and there was only 1 other person in the restaurant at the time, yet I have never waited so long for a cup of weak coffee or for a server to take my order. Side note: they charge for cream!  The owner Jackie was our server and she was nice but should stick with running the place rather than serving. We had the eggs and bacon and baked pancakes-both were very good! Will likely go elsewhere for breakfast next time.
5	Kathy the owner is a sweetheart and always welcoming. The food is fresh, homemade and outstanding. Try the baked pancakes for a new crispy twist on an old favorite. 5-stars! Keep up the good work!
5	Long wait but delicious food! And lots of vegan options (and non-vegan options).
2	The service was so horrible! The manager acted like we were such a burden! So unprofessional. There was only 5 people in the restaurant (one regular, two pairs) I asked for paper towels in the bathroom and she flipped out on me stating she could only do one thing at a time. I said no biggie I just used the last and wanted to let her know. When she finally got around the putting paper towels in the bathroom she swung the door open so forcefully it almost smacked my friend the the head! She acted like it was such a difficult task to split a coffee one creamer one soy milk as I am vegan. My straw had a shoe print on it. It was just so awful. The food was good, but service today was awful.
3	I have been holding off writing this review for awhile because of one silly little snag I just can't get past. I wanted to wait until the bitterness passed, but that's just not happening. And yes, $1.00 is what is holding me back from giving this place a better rating.I went for brunch with my friend Tracee.We each ordered coffee, when the server asked if we take cream, we both said yes.Not realizing how large the portions were, we decided to split a muffin as an appetizer. (I don't remember which one - but it was perfect.)Tracee went for the stuffed French toast with bacon (HUGE and delicious); I opted for the prosciutto, arugula and goat cheese omelet with home fries (Really good - and a LOT of food).We were both stuffed - but the owner comes out to tell us about dessert. Lemon pound cake with strawberries and a ricotta mint sauce. It sounded too amazing to pass up, so I asked for it to go, but bring 2 spoons so we could try it on our way out.It was phenomenal!It is incredibly rare I do three courses for my first meal. It was a ton of food, and it was all truly good. The service was friendly, the place is clean and quaint.So - why only three stars with such positive things to say? The bill.In addition to the charge I was expecting for the 2 coffees, there was a charge for the CREAM for the coffee! ($0.50 X 2 = $1.00 upcharge)WTF?Even the chain coffeehouses provide as much cream as you want at no additional charge. Many restaurants have the creamer on the table as a matter of course if you order coffee. Never before - from greasy roadside diners to fine dining to world class resorts have I been charged for cream for my coffee.This upcharge wasn't on the menu. It wasn't mentioned when we said we would, indeed, like cream for our coffee. If it was, I would have been incredulous. The concept is completely alien to me.$1.00 does not make a difference in my restaurant choice.But in this case - I thought it was so tacky and borderline underhanded - no matter how much I enjoyed the meal and the experience before the bill came, when I think of Wy Not, my first thought is the asinine charge for cream.And it's left enough of an impression that I am in no rush to go back. There are other good places with great food in town that are more than happy to consider cream for coffee to just be the cost of doing business and not sneak it onto my bill.
5	Nummy!!  We had an omelet & baked pancake & bacon.  All excellent & large portions.  Coffee was incredible!  Staff was friendly, helpful & super available!  Great place!  We will go back!!
2	Ok...  looking for a cool place new for breakfast and came across this place.First people here this morning.   Service is the one thing lacking... not horrible but not good either. Ordered french toast and the Eggs Benedict.French toast was ok...  really like a 1/2 loaf of bread hollowed out and baked...   ok. Nothing special.Eggs Benedict was not good.  Stale biscuits,  the eggs werr barely poached .. more like a luke warm congealed glob.... Coffee and tea bill came to 32.00. For beeakfast!Not impressed.   So sad. :(
1	We thought we would get a decent meal in us before we headed back to Los Angeles. Got seated at about 930 AM. We ordered our drinks a muffin and waited. Keep- in mind we were one of four tables in the place. About twenty minutes later more parties start rolling in. We get our muffin, blueberry, it was ok. Next thing I know. Three tables which had been seated about twenty minutes after we had been seated were served their meals. We wait patiently. No word from our server. She didn't stop by to ask how things were or that the kitchen was a bit swamped. At 1030 I got up to ask about our food. Our server ignored my presence for a couple minutes (she was reorganizing the muffins in their little glass display). I just wanted to pay for the drinks, muffin and leave. She tells me that there was a big party (there wasn't one that was there before us and when they did show up it was twenty minutes after we were seated) no apology didn't even attempt to make it up. I am usually a calm person. I was pretty hot. So I then point out the tables that were served before us. Their food came out within ten minutes. Before I could pout out the third table she waves her hand at me saying "it's ok the drinks are on me" not one attempt to correct the problem. Just says drinks are on the house. We leave hungry n I was pissed. Thank you lady at Wy-Knot cafe I hope you have a good one ;)Oh the Americano was ok. I got a coke yeah I know. It was in a bottle that was good. The muffin mehSave your time and enjoy the more pleasant parts of Arizona.  Matt's Big Breakfast was amazing I wish we would have gone back there. Matt's had amazing service and food! Go!!!
5	best savory vegan breakfast in town. actually, best breakfast in the valley. French toast is incredible. egg omelette's are tasty with thought given to every ingredient. the kale side is always a must.
2	Place is small, but had TERRIBLE service. I asked if potatoes had onions, they said no. When the plate arrived, sure enough, it had onions. They tried to make up for it with a side order of bacon. But the bacon tasted like it was smoked in burning grease. Overall, I won't be eating here again!
1	Didn't even get to try the food. They were closed, saw a person come out of the place, tried to figure out what was going on and got no explanation. I guess I'm not going I waste 45 min to drive here ever again to try their famous stuffed French toast on the off chance they may actually be open and I'd be treated a little more nicely.
1	Closed.
