3	My coworker took me here last week and I was excited when we pulled into the parking lot. It was a bit early for lunch we were the only ones in the place. We sat down and happened to pick the table that was out of napkins doh! They had a special on the window that was pizza and wings combo for $6 I should have tried that. We decided to split meals I ordered the Tijuana Chicken sandwich and my company the Turkey Double Decker sandwich that he swears by. Telemundo was playing on 2 of the 3 or 4 flat screens there was a novela on that was showing an older woman seducing a teenager a la Desperate Housewives that made me a little uncomfortable at 11am. The server seemed a tad new as we had to ask for a few things like ketchup for our fries and drinks went dry till we ordered a nice cold pitcher of beer.  The Turkey Double came out looking absolutely exquisite!! Truly picturesque seriously the layers were so perfect and it was a great sandwich cut into quarters held together by toothpicks ugh I wanted to take a picture but I was afraid my company would think I'm a nut. My chicken was grilled in a yummy chipotle sauce and topped with canned jalapenos which their juices made the bread soggy pretty quick. I really liked the bread here!! Anyway, we were here for a few hours kicking back I conveniently had my dvd player with me and we plugged in and watched some raunchy Bill Hicks all while finishing a pitcher and having some good convos. I'd love to come back and try the pizza and wings next!
4	The Honey BBQ wongs are the best here but I always call my odrder in and go pick it up as the wait is LONG lol..the service sucks waitresses are trashy and the place is usually not that clean but those wongs keep me coming back time after time..
1	Bad service altogether
1	SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!! They dont refill your drinks, which I always just order water. Dont come to check on you and if you try to wave them down they just roll their eyes as if they were doing me a huge favor to come to our table. Its not just one waitress its all of the young girls that work there. If you plan on trying out the food I would suggest you come prepare for bad service or order out. Good luck with them answering their phone by the way. Last week I tried calling 4 different times to order pick up and no one ever answered. When I got there the cashier said she was very busy but the place was barely half full. I absolutely LOVE the wings there especially the honey hot but I think it is about time to start looking for another wing spot because of their bad service. =(Oh another thing if you are planning on taking children there please be aware that sometimes they play inappropriate shows/music videos on tv and they have karaoke on Fridays and I believe Saturdays nights as well.
1	Service slow, pizza and wings were horrible. Never again
1	If i could put NO STARS, I WOULD.....I called to place order and got " accidentally hung up on twice....NOT ONCE BUT TWICE" What a coincidence lol...so i called again and they took so long to answer phone that i got to restaurant before they picked up..ha ha lmao!!! Ok....to make story short...they said 20 minutes for 1 pizza and 20 wings but they actually took almost an hr...the girl ( nancy) the cashier was like in la la land twirling her hair and POOR POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! If you ever ever order make sure you order an hr ahead ha ha ...this place is a joke...bad service and BAD BAD MANAGEMENT, they don't know how to take care of their customers....the only reason their still in business is because  their wings are good but everything else sucks, the girls are trashy and they don't know anything about customer service, they don't know how to take phone orders and put customers on hold, I've worked w/customers all my life and if I was their manager all of them would be fired, that's how"BAD" it is. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME ...BELIEVE ME...they took so so long we got a beer and i told her I'm not paying for the beer becauseyou took double the time and manager or superviser still wouldn' give me any kind of discount or throw in the beer for free!!!........WOW, HOW DO THEY STAY IN BUSINESS!!!
1	Terrible.  Service there sucks. Took a very long time before we were even acknowledged. We finally were helped. Ordered nachos. The menu didn't say anything about meat being on the nachos. When we finally got them, they're was meat all over the top. I said we didn't order meat I them. She said it comes that way. I pointed them out on the menu and she even read it out loud. No mention of meat. She then got an attitude about it and said they come that way. I refused the meal. I didn't want them made again. At that point I didn't trust what would come out. We then had to pay for our sodas.....which should have been free after they messed up.  Never going back and will tell all my coworkers not to go there since we are across the street.
1	Zero stars,  if I  could give it. This place SUCKS. The waitress shows up to take your order, drop off your food and give you a check. Doesn't stop by to see if you need anything. Place is filthy. Food is terrible. Service horrible.  Will never  return to a Long Wongs restaurant.
1	I am forced to give this dining experience one star since no stars or negative rating is not an option. Besides the poorly attentive, or lack there of, wait staff, the food was deplorable from cold potato skins to horrible & incorrect sandwiches. It took forever to even get the bill or table cleared. This restaurant would be better served as a parking lot for the better surrounding establishments
1	Absolute worst dining experience of my life. When we walked in there was only one clean table, not empty mind you, just clean. The wait for our food was astronomical. When food finally came out it was cold and the sandwiches were wrong! Who puts mayo on pastrami anyhow?? Wait staff was to busy talking on their phones to pay attention to customers. As I sit here writing this I am STILL waiting on the check and we have been done eating for a good 20 minutes. Save yourself the hassle! Don't go!
1	My family and i went in for lunch during a week day and it was not busy at all, only one other customer there. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich. first off it took an excessive amount of time to make 2 buffalo chicken sandwiches and one lunch special (6 Wings & fries). Finally my sandwich came out not being what i expected at all. it was supposed to be a chicken breast (grilled I assume) and what i received was 3 small pieces of dried out chicken on 2 pieces of sliced bread (not even a bun). It could not be eaten as a sandwich because the bread was soaked in excessive amounts of wing sauce. if i wanted a chicken sandwich with wing sauce thrown everywhere i would have made a much better one at home. No refills were offered on the drinks, we didn't even receive the bill, I had to go to the counter and pay my bill without receiving one at the table. I requested ranch for my sandwich and was not informed i would be paying $1.50 for 1 ounce of ranch. Needless to say we will not be returning to this establishment and highly recommend not wasting your time dinning here.
4	This place was so crowded and so loud I don't see how anybody could have a relaxing night out. Maybe I'm getting too old for this but I'd rather spend a nice night out with friends in a place where I can actually hear what they are saying. I got the suicide wings and fried mushrooms. The ranch was amazing as usual, the mushrooms were good but a very small portion for the price. The suicide wings were good but true to their name, I was only able to eat three. I think I'll get the hot next time so I can actually eat the wings without feeling miserable. Good food, kinda pricey, great ranch, a little too dark and loud for my taste. Oh yeah and I've never been to a wing place with a Chinese name blasting mexican Cumbia music before, again not for me but but with as many people as they had there it is obviously for someone.
3	I feel like a solid three stars is perfect for a rating. My reasoning the waitress was super nice & managed to remember our entire order in her head without writing it down. But the food was ehh (insert straight face emoji here). I was really craving wings and should have went elsewhere. My son ate the entire grilled cheese which was worth the 3.75 because it came with French fries. But the fries were so boring, no seasoning or anything. They just give you these microscopic salt packets for the fries. Which didn't help AT ALL. I got a burger and that was just as basic as the fries, now I have heard a lot about their burgers and was expecting something way better. It's like they have don't have ANY seasoning in the kitchen everything is super bland. Blah!!!!!!!! The burger was bland, fries bland, wings were a-okay. Hence the 3-stars.
1	Let me start by saying NEVER AGAIN ! Walked out of this place after 15 min of no service . The place wasn't even busy at this time. Never will I be back to this place . Go to grandpa's pizza instead
