5	The discoveries continue as I found this tiny but dare I say it, awesome cheese shop in Verdun. With a name like Copette, I was expecting a dainty and delicate woman to be running the store, because Copette sounds a lot like Coquette. But I did not find a coquettish woman, instead I found a burly, gray haired, tattooed roughneck formerly mechanically inclined dude with some serious foodie addictions.  For a good 30 minutes we talked cheese, breads cured meats, did a parmesan taste test comparaison and he even showed me his 2 inch thick steaks he had purchased for his evening meal. I mean seriously, two men in a cheese shop comparing their meat. There's something wrong sounding about all that but fuck it, food lovers unite I say.The cheese shop is a bit small however it packs a serious punch. The smell is pungent but the good pungent. This guy doesn't mess around. He has a boulangerie section with breads from the Arhoma bakery from Montreal which has one Best Bread in Montreal. So of course I got a French baguette and I don't know if it's because I haven't had even a decent French baguette in years (because good bread is hard to find) but that was quite possibly the best baguette ever. It'll be combined with some delicious brie for tomorrow's lunch. Oh yes, it'll be awesome.But wait this is a cheese shop right? Oh yeah, the cheese menagerie is simply stunning. There were many skeezy cheeses, cheeses I've never seen before and of course some classics (No American cheese here) and I left with a pound of imported Parmesan Regiano for the affordable price of 25$ (For parmesan amateurs, this is a decent price) I should have enough for a month or so and the flavour profile was sharp and nutty and perfectly salty and I was in Parm Heaven. Furthermore he has homemade quiche, among other homemade products. Homemade quiche, some dude left with 3 of them, so they must be tasty and oh yeah bonus time. On Sundays, it's waffle day. Between 10am & 2pm, he prepares both savoury and sweet Belgian waffles. Woe what? Yeah you heard that right, fresh homemade Belgian waffles. I'm so there next Sunday.So the owner is a blast who gave me tips on locations in Verdun, he can do specialty orders also, like Mozzarella di Buffalla and stuffed Mozzarella di Buffalla usually prepared for restaurants. And the ultimate bonus for me, less than 300 feet from my home.
5	One of the best shops in Verdun, if you like cheese of course. The owners are a nice couple that really takes care of their customers. You'll be able to get all kinds of cheese from Quebec or from elsewhere.They really take the time to help you find what suit the best your needs or tastes: if you don't know a cheese, they will cut a little piece for you so you can taste it. If you go there quite often, like I do, they will remember your tastes, I know, it's awesome.Last, but not least, if you go on a Sunday morning, you'll be able to get some delicious freshly baked Belgian waffles!A place to know in Verdun...
5	Fromagerie Copette Et Cie is the kind of small-gem shop which is helping Verdun to reinvent itself from a so-so neighborhood to a stellar one. Walking by everyday on my way to work, it's quite a welcome site seeing the stacks of fresh baguettes and loaves of fresh bread heaped high in the window and then steadily decrease as the day goes on.That's exactly how a proper bread shop should work.Then there is the cheese counter and like other reviewers indicated, if you're not sure of the cheeses you're looking for, a tiny sample is usually offered to help you figure out what your tastes are.  There's also a counter with cured meats and hams, a freezer full of meat pies and another counter full of pates, real smoked bacon, and rillette du canard, probably the single most amazing meat spread which you can pair up with your baguette. They have also started up with some sweetbreads like croissants and other goodies. No joke the brownies here are the best in town and sell out very quickly. Make sure you come by on Sundays, they make fresh, warm Belgian-styled waffles which are also usually gone by 1pm.
5	Verdun wouldn't be the same without this place! The owners are so, so nice and always take the time to get to know their customers. The cheese selection is amazing. There are lots of great breads and pastries from Arhoma. I think their chocolatines are the best in Montreal. Oh and if you haven't gone there on a Sunday to pick up a homemade Belgian waffle...then you have been missing out! DELICIOUS!
4	A gem in Verdun! This little shop offers pastries, fresh bread, cheese, a meat counter for cold cuts and various local groceries. On Sunday they make delicious Belgian waffles. I'm a pastry lover so I'll concentrate the review on those. The Sunday waffles are amazing. Little pearls of sugar scattered throughout they definitely don't need maple syrup. There is a blue croissant that has blue cheese inside that is nice too. The chocolatine is nothing to write home about. Cheap on chocolate and the pastry isn't very buttery.  Danish is ok, not the best I've ever had.  There was also an almond paste mini cake that wasn't very generous in almond paste. The variety of cheese is great, and the staff is so friendly. They'll offer you samples of anything you want to try. There is a nice variety of fresh bread. Highly recommended!
