5	It's always the same superfriendly guy driving me to O'Hare and back.  He's makes his announcements in kind of a radio-voice way and says corny stuff like "for those of you who are nicotine-challenged, there'll be about a 5 min  break at the next stop".  Last time the bus was so full I had to stand for 45 miles.  He apologized to everyone that happened to.  That's ok because I'd rather stand for 45 min than miss my bus!  I had to catch a plane, thanks Van Galder!  There's only 3 stops on the way to O'Hare... at the first stop most of the bus got off to transfer to other buses.  I was left with my own two seats for the remainder of the trip... how it often is on Van Galder.  Man I could go on and on about Greyhound.  This isn't Greyhound... no sketchy riders, rude drivers, and stinky buses.  "Coach" USA, hmmm... might be "coach" prices, but the accommodations are almost business class and the service is almost first class.For Madison to/from O'Hare I'd really recommend this bus.  It's only $27, comfortable, reliable, and reasonably quick.
4	The Van Galder is by far the best way to get to O'Hare from Madison.  The price is absolutely the best value - $27 one way.  This is roughly what a cab from Madison to Middleton runs, and it's sure a lot less than taking a connecting flight.  Instead of asking your friends/family for a major favor (ride to Chicago) you just need to cash in a minor and get a ride to the Memorial Union or the the Park & Ride at Stoughton Road.  You can even take the city buses if you've burned all your IOUs already.  The buses run all day, leaving every hour and a half, and take roughly three hours to get to the terminal at O'Hare.  I personally prefer leaving from the Union because you can grab a cup of coffee or a bite to eat while you're waiting.  The bus drivers are always polite and good-natured and will go out of the way to help you out.  I recommend bringing exact change when paying on the bus, which will always put you in good graces.  Also, if taking the earlier buses plan on running a bit late due to the traffic.  Of course, it always seems that my flights out of O'Hare are always at such a time to make taking the later bus risky, leaving me sitting at the gate forever.  Such is the nature of air travel.  It still beats trying to get a connecting flight from O'Hare to Madison.
4	Good price, efficient, but I would prefer a fast train.
5	Wait a minute, Wait a minute, Wait a minute.You mean I can take a bus that's...#1)  On time#2) Has clean seats, aisles AND bathroom#3) Courteous Drivers who don't roll their eyes at the heaviness of your luggage (due to MAJOR shopping) ?...without the burn my l'il nose-hairs funk, loud talking and ghetto people of 'The Dog' bus company?Me-ow!  $27/OW*  or   $54/RT** from the Dutch Mill Park-N-Ride to Chicago's O'Hare airport.  Buy in person or online.  (if buying in person, as others said, exact change gets the Driver glowing)Not bad Coach USA.  Not bad at all...  Hope you're around another 50 years.*One Way**Round Trip
4	Most of the drivers are very nice but there is one female driver who is NUTTY.  She accused a passenger of being "drunk" and smelling like booze which may have been the case but I guess that's why the passenger was riding on a bus and not driving.  Is there a rule you can't drink and bus-ride or something?  This passenger was not being rude or rowdy, she was minding her business and the driver was the one being rude to the passenger.  This same driver was also generally unfriendly, bossy and treated the passengers like cattle.  I hope she's no longer working for Van Galder because she definitely does not reflect the level of service that the other driver's give.
1	They Suck! Given me the worst travel experience. Has a very out of date online ticket system which they don't have you name after you purchase the ticket. You have to print out the stupid email. When I got there with the conformation email on my iphone, the driver was very rude like"why you bought it online when you don't have a printer blabla" and he tried to force me to buy another ticket. I said give me 2 minutes and i can go to the union and come back with some cash, he refused, just throw out my luggage and left. Thanks to him, I miss my flight. I complained to their customer service and they said the driver might be rude but he did follow the rule. SO their stupid "rule" is obviously much important than the feeling of customer.
5	My daughter attended college in Madison, Wisconsin, and for four years, made numerous trips on Van Galder Buses to and from Chicago.  I am so grateful to this bus company for being SAFE, CLEAN, ON TIME, and 100% DEPENDABLE.  I honestly don't know how they do it!  Whether she was traveling at peak times after a holiday weekend, or evening times, or first thing in the morning...in all weather conditions...these buses ran like clockwork.    I can't recommend this bus company enough.  THANK YOU VAN GALDER for transporting my daughter safely for all four years of college!
4	I take the Van Galder between Madison and Chicago regularly. The busses are always on time, friendly drivers, and they run several times a day. I usually buy my ticket through Megabus so that is one way to get a good price. The only complaint is that the air temp can be pretty awful on the older busses. I have sweated all the way to Chicago and few times. I never know if I will get a new business or old uncomfortable one.
5	Oh Van Galder, how I love thee. The first time I took this bus, it was $18 round trip to O'hare from Madison. These days it's $29 each way. Things have changed a lot since I was in high school!But the busses get better and better, the service is always great, and rarely do the busses run behind schedule.I see others complain about it stopping at the Dutch Mill instead of just at UW. These people are apparently not from outside of Madison. When you don't live *in* Madison, the Dutch Mill is so much more convenient and easy to get to. Especially with the new pick-up area and long-term parking lot. It's always busy, too, so I'm not sure what other Yelpers are on about when they say no one uses it. Clearly they've never been there on a Saturday morning!When prices to fly out of Madison are hundreds more than Chicago, it's nice to know that there's the option of $60 extra and a bit of time on the road to make a more affordable flight.
4	Van Galder is also known as coach USA. It is the most convenient way to get from Madison to Chicago O'hare or downtown without driving!I would say tickets are not cheap. If you're looking for deals, head over to mega bus and watch for sales. Till further notice, the pick up and drop off at UW campus has moved to university avenue at Chazen. The tickets however, are still sold at the Memorial Union if you would like to purchase student priced tickets. Do remember to bring your student ID for verification and you can only buy one ticket per day at the MU. If you're not a student, you can buy tickets online and print them, or buy them on board with cash. Sometimes, on the double decker bus you can get plugs to charge your gadgets! But I couldn't get the ones on the roof to work... All in all, van galder is a convenient way to get to the cheaper flight fares in ORD. The only 2 bad experiences were a 1.5h delay to reach downtown Chicago as the bus was late to Madison and a very unfriendly uncle who wanted to drive off with my friend's luggage while she went to the bathroom :/
3	Not sure what to think of these folks. If you're used to the chinatown busses on the east coast, these seem incredibly overpriced, and it sucks that you can't reserve a seat, so if you travel at an unexpectedly busy time, you may have a spend a long trip standing.Also, a friend of mine missed his flight when the driver went the wrong way. He thought the driver was joking when he asked "does anyone know how to get to Chicago?" It became apparent that the driver was serious when they found out that they drove to Chicago by way of Milwaukee, adding half an hour to the trip. Don't they have training for drivers?On the other hand, it's a lot cheaper and faster than amtrak (which always goes through Milwaukee, even when the conductor isn't a noob), and the busses aren't grungy in the same way Greyhound busses are.It's a lot like the restaurant situation around here. It's not actually good, but sometimes you have to settle for the best thing available.
4	Reliable, felt safe - no winos or pervs probably b/c the driver was strict. Bus was comfy. Lost a star b/c expensive even with Memorial Union RT discount from Madison to O'Hare and no wifi. Had to pee fast at brief Janesville stop. Current pickup/drop off location at Chazen at UW. Slight trek in O'Hare going from Terminal 3 to Bus area in Terminal 2. O'Hare is NOT friendly for those without a ticket - buy food before leaving terminal for Bus pickup area.
5	When it became apparent that United was going to mess up our connecting flight to Madison (never fly United), we hoped that Van Galder could get us there.  On a holiday.  They did!  And for only $30 per person (one-way).  Bus was clean, people were (mostly) normal- and quiet.  My only question is, since you reserve the day- not the time- what happens if the bus is full?  Do you have to wait for the next one, or do they call another one in?  Personally, I'd like some kind of guarantee that I could get the departure of my choosing.  And maybe I can, I don't know.  So I can only rate them on the fact that they got us to Madison right on time, on a day we were not expecting to even use them.
