4	Had been ordering from the Jamerica cart on Library Mall for some time, and finally tried the restaurant on Williamson.  Decor is eclectic--snapshot photos pasted on the wall, plastic tablecloths, beverage cooler in the dining area, but the food is the real reason for coming.Run-down mango tofu with rice and vegetables is a great vegetarian option.  Jerk pork and chicken were savory and falling off the bone--the pork was tender and moist in comparison to the Library Mall cart, where the pork is sometimes a bit dry.  Servings are massive--each dish is easily two meals, so plan on taking half home for tomorrow's meal.
2	As lovers of sketchy Jamaican and Caribbean restaurants, my boyfriend and I (newcomers to Madison) decided to try Jamerica for dinner. We had sampled their jerk chicken at Taste of Madison this summer but wanted to get the full experience, not to mention that I had a mad craving for some coconut rice and stewed cabbage. It was cold outside, so we decided to grab a case of Capital's Winter Skal and get our jerk chicken to go. Entrees on the dinner menu range from 11.50-15.50 each, which is pushing it for me, but they are cooked to order which is much appreciated. Jerk chicken will set you back 11.50, and if you want some delicious plantains they'll charge another $3. The chicken was dark meat, skin on, bone in and we got 4 thighs with our one meal. The jerk sauce was not very spicy or flavorful, and the chicken was quite greasy. The rest of the styrofoam takeout container was filled with a mixture of stewed cabbage, carrots, and broccoli on one side and rice and red beans on the other. Not much flavor there either :( In my opinion the best part were the plantains, but as I said earlier it was $3 for about 6 or 7 pieces. The inside is very inviting on a cold night and the decor is eclectic. Next time I'll go for lunch and stay a while. In the meantime, I'll try David's.
5	For such a little place on Willy Street, I expected it to be cheaper (about $12-15 for entrees).  Good news, however, was that I got dinner and TWO lunches out of my one jerk pork order and every one of the meals was fantastic, flavorful, and very different than any other meal I've had in Madison.  I also tried the mango tofu curry at the WORT Block Party and can't wait to go to the restaurant to get a full portion!Also fun: they have a cooler full of bottled beer- tons of imported things- and you pick out your beer, open it yourself, and pay later.  Perhaps not the greatest service, but sometimes l like different things like this.
2	The Willy St locale feels a bit awkward. There is a constant weird scent in the air, no it's not herb, more like incense. The space feels more like a converted storefront than a restaurant. The menu wasn't particularly large which was a bit unfortunate. I think among 6 of us we only had 3 different dishes at the table. The jerk meats are good, you don't quite get the spread you get at Jolly Bobs, but its good, well spiced but balanced. The sides are as to be expected, plantains, veggies and rice all of which are fine. The price is definitely a bit of an issue. In fairness, all the "Caribbean" places in Madison are not cheap (Here, Jolly Bob's & Costa Rica Cafe). So ya know perhaps the time it takes to marinate makes all these places a bit more expensive. The problem is they don't look visually high end so you're wondering where exactly the money is going. Overall, if I wanted jerk chicken I'd probably shoot for their cart in library mall or since the restaurant isn't much to experience, paying for it doesn't really add anything I'd just order takeout when I really craved it. Personally, while the meats are good, I prefer the flavors at J Bob's and Costa Rica Cafe and think their value is a better.
4	For many months I had savored the food of Jamerica strictly from their library mall cart; a few weeks back though I made it into the restaurant and as with the cart I can't wait to go back.It was a Saturday afternoon, me and the lady were the only two patrons, though there were a bunch of guys playing dominoes and drinking beer in the back room.  There was reggae on the speakers and Redstripes all around.  Service was quick and friendly and the food was great.  Large portions and super tasty.  So glad I live close.
5	Jamerica is exactly what I'm looking for in a restaurant.  Sequestered in the eclectic Willy St. Neighborhood, it's a very tiny slice of Jamaica right in Madison.  My girlfriend and I sampled some dishes and tried some appetizers and the food was impressive to say the least.  I'm a big fan of Jambalaya, and while the taste can often range greatly, they have hands down some of the best I've ever had.  Not a fan of Jambalaya?  Try their Jerk Pork, very tasty and the sides that came with it were fantastic as well.The building itself is very small, but when I want to go out for dinner with my girlfriend or a small group of friends, it provides the ideal setting.  There are only 4-5 tables, and the total size is something along the lines of an average living room.  They have a beer/soda cooler where you'll find a curious array of different Jamaican brews, all of which I tried sparked conversation and sampling around the table.The only cons I can think of are the price and the service.  The waitress was nice and friendly, but didn't do much beyond that.  The presentation of the dishes was also equally plain, but that's probably suitable given that the establishment is looking to give it's patrons a sampling of true Jamaican lifestyle.  Too bad the price can't be that way too, dishes are about $15 a plate, but at least they don't leave you hungry.Overall great place, I'd highly recommend it.
4	Mmm... the food here is good.I had a shrimp something or another.  It was suppose to be sweet and spicy, but it was just coco-nutty/milky.  But it was good!  There were many shrimps too.  The roommate ordered jerk chicken which was delicious! The food is expensive, but that's probably because the place doesn't seem to get a ton of business.  I went on a Friday night and there was only one other table of two.  The hostess is nice and friendly.
4	Oddly, I had never eaten at Jamerica until tonight. As an undergrad, I ate plenty of food cart Jamerica. And I may have had it once or twice since I've been back in Madison.But now that I live in the "neighborhood" I have good access to the Jamerica home base. So tonight when a couple of friends in town suggested it, I was excited. Based on the other reviews, I was expecting a much less inviting atmosphere. I guess it's just very Madison and very Willy Street - warm and colorful decor, friendly service. No frills. I guess I also wasn't expecting the food to be this good. My jerk chicken was excellent. It was the most flavorful chicken I have tasted in a while, with a generous helping of rice and beans and a side of a sort of cabbage and veggie salad. My husband got their special pork curry stew - also quite tasty. Overall, I really enjoyed the meal and would definitely go back. The prices are kind of high but it's a lot of food. If you don't pig out you should definitely have leftovers.
3	Jamerica achieves an impressively authentic recreation of a jerk shack.  Be prepared for a looonnngg wait- we waited an hour for our jerk pork and jerk chicken.  A patty beforehand and a couple of RedStripes eased the wait somewhat.  It's definitely no-frills, and drinks are self-serve from the cooler.  There's also a small selection of imported Jamaican foods for purchase- the Grace hot sauce is highly recommended.  Food was tasty, and there was certainly more than a meal's worth on our plates- we brought home almost an entire styro container for another meal.
4	Very informal, Jamerica offers Jamican comfort food at affordable prices. Located in a funky storefront, the restaurant has self service drinks (a reasonable beer selection with a very, very minimal selection of generic varietal wines). The waitress counts bottles to figure your drink tab. The jerk selections (salmon or chicken) are good and only spicy by Midwest standards, and are served on an enormous plate of rice, red beans, and greens. Recommended for the hungry.
2	OMG...the food is 99% American and 1% Jamaican!  I was very disappointed.  The food lacked flavor and they served very large portions. I will most likely not be returning.
5	What I love about Jamerica is the way it feels like a restaurant in the Caribbean.  Some miss matched furniture, you have to get your own drinks from the cooler, etc.  You have to ask to sit on the back patio, but it's a beautiful place to sit on a Friday night in the summer, eat some good food and drink a couple of beers.  It's getting warm, I can't wait until it opens.Lunch prices are super cheap, and then it's more expensive at dinner.  My favorites are the curried goat and the catfish.It's broken up into smaller rooms which is nice for me because if there's a quieter room, (or the patio)the kids can walk around a little without disrupting the whole restaurant.
1	I am sorry to give this review, but over a year later this experience still sticks out in my head. My boyfriend and I went in to Jamerica and the owner was right at the front chatting up some people. We stood for a minute before deciding to seat ourselves. We sat for a few more minutes before getting our own menus. We then helped ourselves to our own drinks from the cooler. After about 10 minutes of not being acknowledged by the owner (or anyone for that matter) who was maybe 5 feet away, we walked out and went a block down to Jolly Bob's. The owner and his friends stared at us as we walked out, but what did they expect? I think it was the first time they even looked at us. I have heard the food is great, I don't know. I wouldn't go back because I felt really disrespected and Jolly Bob's is also amazing Caribbean food and so nearby.
5	I think if you've been to Jamaica/the Caribbean (provided you didn't just eat at resorts), you'll appreciate this place. As we sat waiting for food, my husband remarked that it felt so much like being in Honduras. We walked in and the woman barely greeted us, but was super friendly. We sat ourselves and she disappeared. We grabbed our own beers. Totally okay (apparently, from reviews, to be expected). Food orders were taken, and we waited. Even though we were the only people eating. The food was brought out and was amazing. Yes, it's dark meat, skin on, bones in -- like in Jamaica, or any other non first world country. No, it's not salted to death. The flavors are subtle, like they should be. The portions were huge though, which was appreciated by a few of us who hadn't eaten all day (yet we still didn't clean the plates) and another couple who shared one (no extra charge).I would definitely go back again -- the food was good, the owners are nice. The waitstaff could literally be seen chopping the fresh veggies in the kitchen. It was so authentically Caribbean -- just a great way to relive so many travels
4	As previous reviews have mentioned, this place has a very laid-back a la Caribbean feel, as it should.  The jerk chicken & pork meal was large and very satisfying.  The flavors were subtle, yet kept you interested in the meal.  I loved that they had some Jamaican products you can purchase right there and home-made hot sauce served with the food was amazing! Will definitely go back when in Madison!
5	Very laid back atmosphere as expected but the food was amazing.  The pepper pot calaloo soup is a must and the chicken literally fell off the bone.
5	The food is great. Martin the owner and cook is a personality that adds to a wonderful experience
1	I seldom write review and so whoever is reading this must understand how bad the food was. I'm a regular customer here and the food is generally good and so I order delivery from S2YD a lot. However, the last time I made an order(Goat Curry) the food was close to untouchable. The Styrofoam box in which the food came was dripping with oil. I ignored this, and on eating the rice I realized it was either not well cooked or that they had reheated what they kept in the fridge. Needless to say, I didn't touch the meat fearing for my life.That was the last time I ever ordered from Jamerica - and its been almost 2 months now.
5	The jerk chicken is delicious. The dinner portion with rice and beans is more like 3 dinners - I have eaten it for two meals and still have a tupperware full. I have had it several times. This last time it was brought back to me in Chicago, still warm after 2.5+ hours. I will be stopping in here at homecoming to have it again!
3	Stopped by here for dinner today.  Ordered a jamaican patty and a jerk chicken meal.  The patty was good.  Not really flaky but the filling was seasoned just perfectly.  The jerk chicken was a little disappointing.  The chicken was a little dry and I just tasted heat as opposed to flavor.   I didn't like their vegetable stir fry at all.  The rice was okay thoughThe prices are a little high, but their portions are GIGANTIC.  I did not expect to get basically a half chicken order so that was nice to have some portions to take home for the future.
2	I expected Jamerica's food to be as bright as the restaurant's colorful facade. Unfortunately, the dishes I tried were bland and heavy - much like what my rural midwestern aunts might serve if they served tofu.Eating outside was pleasant enough but the pepper pot calaloo, mango rundown, BBQ tofu and fried plantains were all oil-heavy and ultimately forgettable. The rice and beans and accompanying potatoes were more of the same.The service was friendly if not always attentive.
4	A small, in someone's living room feeling, restuarant that will make anyone smile when the walk in. The portions are large, the prices low, the staff seems like they feel right at home. Locals come and go as you eat, and you can help yourself to the drink selection in the cooler in back (they have TING!) Its Jamaican style cooking, but they go so far beyond the standard fair. None of it is gourmet, but the fish I had was superb. So, if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive meal in a festive environment that makes you feel at home - check out Jamerica.
4	As soon as you walk in you are welcomed by a warm vibe and get a feeling that you're about to eat a good, home style cooked meal with love. That feeling lasted the whole time while we were there. Bob Marley pictures on the wall, positive quotes alongside pictures of some well known Jamaican heroes, and several bottled micro brews...one of which was from the tiny micro brew of my friend's brother. I enjoyed my order of the Jerk Chicken but was VERY jealous of my friend's order of the MANGO RUNDOWN SALMON. TO DIE FOR!!! Ah, I wish I took an order of this home for later. I never thought I'd find myself at a Jamaican restaurant in Madison on a cold winter day but sometimes that's what you need to warm the soul :)
3	Average. Not the same as the jerk places in Chicago, but ok I guess. Food was sort of cold and rushed. My partner's pork was shredded and dry. The rice and beans were great.
1	The rice I had tasted off. It tasted smoky and I don't know how else to describe it, almost as though somebody had smoked a pack right into it or as though it was in an oven with a dish that spilled over and infused it with some odd burnt flavor. I spent the whole time trying to figure out what that weird flavor was and if there was any chance it was supposed to taste like that. Ultimately I guess it doesn't matter because I really didn't like any of my food at all. I don't plan on ever giving it another try.
3	An absolutely massive plate of chicken, fried-up veggies, and rice greeted us after we ordered the jerk chicken - it's a good thing we presciently chose to share!  Even between two of us it didn't all completely disappear.The texture of the chicken was half tender, half car tire.  Not sure how they managed that.  The spice level was light, but some spicy orange sauce (meant for the plantains, but the plantain-eater is a spice-o-phobe) helped.  The chicken oil that soaked the rice made it ten times more delicious.  And the veggies may look like sad old Chinese stir-fry rejects, but they taste better than they look.There's a big cooler filled with Jamaican drinks, or approximations thereof (see: Reed's ginger brew) and everyone's friendly as can be.
5	One of my favorites anywhere. Warm, kitchy and inviting.  The food is absolutely awesome. Do yourself a favor however and resist the temptation to order the Jerk ... that you have had at any other Jamaican place and get one of the Rundown items. Unique to here and AMAZING!
4	We checked out Jamerica because they offer some veggie items and because it's perfectly located across the street from the Willy Street Co-op.Although there are only a few veg items, I was still very impressed by the tofu/vegetarian/vegan offerings they had (maybe 5-6 including appetizers).  The Jerk Tofu and BBQ Tofu were both really good.  They were served over a huge portion of red beans and rice.  Plus, very reasonable prices and super nice staff.
4	Hands down best meal I've had in Madison. I can't believe I waited so long to come here, this is definitely my new favorite place to eat.I went with 1 other person late on a Saturday night. The service was definitely slow, so this isn't a great place if you're in a rush, but the environment is low-key so it's a relaxing place to wait. And the food is definitely worth the wait.We shared the mango rub down salmon, jerk chicken, and plantains. The plantains were sweet, crisp on the outside and tender inside. The two main meals came with cabbage salad and rice and beans. The flavoring on the mango rub down was phenomenal; sweet and rich, but not overpowering. The salmon to beans/vegetable ratio was spot on. The jerk chicken was well cooked, rich, and flavorful. Rice and beans were bomb dot com. The portions were gigantic, we took almost 1.5 take out boxes home with us.
4	I would have given them 5 stars if they had the ox tail or the catfish.... But for summer season it is not apart of their menu. But if your in the mood for meat so tender it falls off the bone this is the place for you! I had the goat curry.... Amazing towards the end of my meal I noticed I started eating slower b/c I knew soon it would be all gone.  I will be sure to come back!! I will give it the nom, nom, nom rating of deliciousness.
2	Pros: absolutely delicious food, large portions.Cons: very expensive, terrible service. After eating from the food cart at the farmers market, I decided to check out the full restaurant. It took at least thirty minutes for the waitress to take our order (mind you there were only 2 other tables seated) and ten more to bring our water. She never brought the drink my boyfriend ordered and never came back to refill the water even though she said she would. I know people say this is what to expect at non-American restaurants but...c'mon. When in Rome, right?I had the jerk pork and fried plantains...$14 for the entree and $4 for the appetizer. It was a large portion and definitely very spicy & delicious, but for Madison, that's insanely expensive. I'll be sticking to the food cart from now on!
4	I haven't eaten much Jamaican food. But jerk chicken, oxtail and fried plantains come to my mind right away along with colorful tropical drinks. When I first saw Jamerica's menu I was surprised to see curry and BBQ on it. After some looking into the cuisine. Jamaican cuisine includes a mixture of cooking techniques, flavors, spices and influences from the native people on the island of Jamaica, and the Spanish, British Africans, Indian and Chinese who have inhabited the island.    Mango Rundown was cabbage and carrots stewed in coconut milk with  yellow curry on a bed of beans and rice. The rice perfectly soaked up the sweet sauce. The jerk chicken and BBQ(not sweet kind) chicken were fall off the bone tender, A chill night out with Bob Marley of course playing in the background.
3	I really want to give this place a better review so I will try it once more in the hopes I can move it up a star or two. I LOVED my plate. I had the mango/coconut/curry/shrimp dish. It was fantastic. I even had the left overs the next day and it was just as good. The other two people at the table ordered jerk dishes; one chicken, one tofu. Both stated the jerk had no jerk. Flavorless and bland. Maybe the chef was having an off day? The one complaint I do have are the prices. Pretty steep for me. Next time I will order the shrimp curry dish to share with an appetizer.
4	If you're ever in the Madison area and you're craving Jamaican food, this is the place to go. I've tried the jerk chicken and pork, mango tofu rundown, roast pork, and the delicious meat patties. The jerk chicken is cooked perfectly and very well seasoned. It also falls off of the bone perfectly. The jerk pork is also very well seasoned and the taste is delicious. The mango tofu rundown has just the right amount of sweetness in it to make your taste buds run wild. (If you don't like tofu, this dish will definitely change your mind!) The roast pork is personally one of my favorites! It literally melts in your mouth and the seasoning is delicious. Last of all, the meat patties are outrageously delicious. It is ground beef with curried seasoning in a enchilada like patty. The taste has a bit of a spicy kick to it, but it's just the right amount to keep you wanting more and more.The portions are huge for the price that you pay. The dining area is small, but it has a great "Jamaican" feel to it. The service is great and I love their different variety of drinks that they have in their cooler. I will definitely keep coming to Jamerica, their food is amazing!
4	I got Jamerica takeout and it was REALLY messy but SO worth it. The mango run chicken was enormous and everything I could have asked for. Each element was flavorful and satisfying on their own but together they were magical. The shop is decorated with photos and letters and seems like a chill place to have a quick meal.
4	I ordered some takeout from Jamerica, I ordered their Shrimp Mango Rundown.  When I arrived to pick it up, the lady at the counter told me she forgot about my order as she had gotten side tracked.  I had to wait for them to make it which was a little annoying, but none the less the taste made up for my frustration.  Their prices I feel are a little high, but their portions are HUGE. I wish they offered smaller portions at more a reasonable price.
2	So, Jolly Bob's is now closed, and I was in search of something to fill the massive hole it left in my heart (and stomach). Sadly, Jamerica just did not do that.Immediately, I liked the vibe: chill, serve yourself a beverage from the cooler, motherly figure waiting on you. But that was kind of it. The rest was disappointing.I ordered the chicken curry and a Jamaican beef patty to start, and was then told they were out of both. So I switched to a veggie patty and BBQ chicken. My companions ordered Mango Rundown Tofu and Jerk Chicken.The BBQ chicken was good, but nothing particularly amazing. The sauce was spicy and not too sweet. The tofu was pretty good, but really sweet, and between the tofu, stewed veggies, and rice, it was all the kind of the same texture. The jerk chicken was best: spiced well and tender. The sides, rice and beans and stir fried veggies were nothing spectacular, but they rounded out the plate.Overall, it was just kind of underwhelming. Probably won't be rushing back any time soon.
