5	i find so many cool things at this store. i like to go here and know i can afford anything i see. i feel very rich when i am here!
5	The best 99 cents store I've ever been to - in life.  Any 99 cents store that sells platanos (plantains) gets an A+ in my book.  Some of the things that they have here amaze me: organic produce, fine chocolates, electric tea lights, sea salt, sugar in the raw...I could go on and on. AND they stay open late! *thumbs up*
4	One of the most cleanest, organized 99 Cent stores I've ever seen!They sell those Jamba Juice juices that are normally $2-3 at the regular stores. I stocked up with a case of those!Tazo Tea, two for 99 cents! Also stocked up on a case of those!Six-pack of 12oz Crystal Geyser waters, spent $4 on four six-packs!This store practically saved me from dehydration in this 109 degree AZ weather for the next two weeks! I love this store :)
5	I love the 99 Cent store. Not only is it super cheap but they have a good selection of things and fresh produce! This place is a broke college kid's haven; it has like 5 packs of ramen for 99 cents and energy drinks, and water. It's always a stop when I have to do some shopping. Oh, tip for getting yummy produce before it's all out - go at opening when they're stocking their produce section. I get a lot of salad ingredients and a lot of my fruit from here.
3	Good place to make some purchases when it comes to glassware, plates,etc. but I'm not the type to personally say I'd buy my fresh groceries from. Convenient when I have to buy gift wrapping and other random things like gift bags,etc but that's about it. I can appreciate its' convenience and all around business model though.
4	This is a nice store. Cleanliness, variety, pleasant helpful staff, well organised,  modern.  There are actual savings to be had and in plentiful supply.A small sized item may actually cost more than a larger size but if budget is limited is helpful.Plentiful meaning they have possibly one hundred excellent high quality metal flashlights rather than a small quickly exaustable supply. Over the years I have found a lot of really good prices. I like the store for it's value over similar stores that are also close by. The isles are wide and quick checkout.
4	I can always find things I need here. Once we had a fun event where everyone spent a dollar on food items at this store. We made a pot luck out of our purchases. It was fun.
