3	The new revitalization of downtown and Fremont St. is thrilling.  I went to high school downtown and that entire place holds so much magic for me.  It's really refreshing to have new destinations down there besides the Beauty Bar and Jillians.  I was tres excited to visit the new Downtown Cocktail Room.  Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed.First of all, it's hard to find the door; and it was the first place we went all evening so everyone still had their wits about them.  The DJ had to shine a light on it from the inside, and even then it still looked like a panel of plywood covering a broken window. The interior is wonderful.  Dark, cozy, and intimate, reds and tans and chrome intermingle with candlelight and interesting art.  However, that first glimpse was about as much excitement as the venue offered.  I can definitely see this place being excellent for a two person chit-chat-a-thon - it just wasn't suitable to our 5 person strong group who felt like whooping it up for the evening.The weirdest thing about this place are the stalls in the ladies' restroom.  I, of course, have no idea about the men's, but the treatment on the stalls gives them a slight two-way-mirror effect (you can see right out when you're inside) HOWEVER you can see right through them from the outside if you're close enough - and close enough is just where the sinks are located.  I feel close to all my sisters, but I don't know if I want to feel THAT close.
5	This place reminds me of a cleaner version of The Tunnel Top in SF. Great hideaway joint with NO GAMING! What a releif. Very sexy room with a back room with these booths that scream debauchery. Very well done Michael. They have a DJ most nights spinning some very sexy down tempo house. Definitely a must go!
5	I went to the Downtown Cocktail Room for a friend's going away party.  The atmosphere is classy, cool, young professionals.  No annoying scenesters (that I noticed), no ghetto club types, just normal people wanting a cool place to take the edge off.  Another unique to Vegas plus is that there's no video poker machine staring you in the face at the bar.  The only minor complaint is the entry is far from obvious.  The door looks nothing like a door, rather part of the building.  If you don't discover where to push, you'll look like a tool.  But that's not enough to warrant a star loss.  Drinks are average for Vegas.  If I recall correctly, my Newcastle was 4 or 5 dollars.  The place doesn't look too big from the outside, but inside it's spacious.  There's plenty of tables and booths to sit with friends.  There's also places if you just want to stand around by the bar.  The seating area wraps around to the back.  It's really a good spot.
5	COOL. I loved this place. Its got a very comfortable and relaxing vibe. Dark wood and walls painted red. Red candle holders on all the tables. The bathrooms are made almost entirely out of mirrors, so its a little wierd when you first enter them...almost like a fun house at a carnival. And you can look out from inside the stalls almost as if there are no walls at all. The DJ was spinning very low key funky music from his Mac laptop, and it added very well to the laid back atmosphere. It is a little tricky trying to find your way in, but once you find it its so obvious. Im not going to give away the secret to getting in, because its kind of  fun watching people look for the door from inside the windows, and even funnier to watch tourists just give up and go somewhere else.
4	I used to frequent Salon of Beauty (or The Beauty Bar) on Fremont. One day while we were walking from the Big Red Garage, we saw "downtown" in neon on the west wall of the same building that The Beauty Bar is located in. We finally checked it out and were blown away. Granted the first time we went, there was like, only one other party in there. But we could smell the massive potential. It was like a true speakeasy. The music was mellow, they had earnest barmaids, and the decor was trendy but warm. The bathrooms are cool. The stalls are partitioned with two-way mirrors. Perfect for people that have I-want-to-watch-people-while-I-pee fetishes. Walking in, seeing all of the moving mirrors, I felt like Bruce Lee in Enter the Dragon. The lounge is partitioned into two parts. The front has several tables and comfy bench seats. The back has small tables and private booths, just large enough to comfortably fit four people. I think sometimes they close up the back like a VIP area. There is a sealed-up DJ booth and sometimes there's live bongos. This place is hit or miss, though. Its different everytime I go.The second time I went, it had picked up a little and there was just the right mix of people. It wasn't too crowded, there was no That Girl, and not too much pretentiousness (my biggest pet peeve). Then the third time I went, it was jam packed full of totally obnoxious, borderline frat boys. I haven't been back in a long time. I'll go back on a Wednesday or something. Oh, and I had a problem finding the door, too. Park in the garage east of Fitzgerald's and just pay the fee (prolly $6 for the night). Update *11 June 08* We went again this last First Friday and as I suspected it has mellowed out so much since our last visit. Plus we went a little early, like 10p. By the time the rest of our party rolled in an hour later, it had packed in. When we got there, the back section was curtained off. When our friend joined us, it had opened up and we got a table large enough to accommodate us plus one in the back. They are now one of the few establishments in Vegas that legally serves the famous Absinthe, brand: Kubler. If you order it Van Gogh style, its chilled and served with a sugar cube. I like the versatility of Downtown. You can go there to wind up for the Beauty Bar or decompress from the chaos of the strip or downtown. $8 drinks. I recommend the pre-drink. I never leave home without a flask. We always park in the big red garage on Carson and fourth and pay the $6 (depending on how long you stay) fee. * off the strip (kind of), non-casino
5	To clear up any confusion, this place makes COCKTAILS.  Like a chef gets credit for being a chef, a bartender earns equal merit for making exceptional drinks.  They even have COCKTAIL ICE CUBES.  If you have to ask why this would make a difference you probabaly belong in that crap-hole Hennessey's across the street or you should be walking up and down Fremont Street with "one them big-ass beers" in a football mug.
5	I cannot believe this place exists just a couple of miles from the artifice of the Strip.  It's cool without trying too hard, swanky without pretense, and features a sultry decor just as suitable for cocktails with the girls (or boys) as it is for cuddling on a streamlined chocolate-brown couch and staring into the eyes of a hot date.If you've been to Kitsch Bar in Orange County, DCR is like its larger cousin -- amazing cocktails, great music pumped out at a volume that actually encourages conversation, and comfy seating that encourages lingering.  I especially enjoyed the crowd, an eclectic grouping of 20- and 30somethings who appeared perfectly content with themselves rather than preening and posturing like the plastic people at the LAX-type places.  I almost didn't want to leave...ever...but on to the Griffin we went as our locals bar tour continued...
5	Located on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd. and Fremont St. is one of THE most fabulous hangouts in Las Vegas...The Downtown Cocktail Room.  Everything about this place is perfect: the down-tempo music, the vibe, the chill crowd, the drink menu and the dim candle lighting.It reminds me of something that would be in New York or San Francisco...very hip and chic.  I discovered my new favorite drink, the Mohave Mist, which was: Chandon, Pomegranate liquor, and Cassis...perfection! Love this place, you gotta check it out!
5	After hearing about this gem for many months, we finally had the chance to experience the Downtown Cocktail Room.  Unfortunately for me, going to the valet here helped me avoid the pitfall of walking in the front door (which I never would've found).  Sitting at the small table that immediately faces the front door, however, provided me a few hours of entertainment as I watched people feel around the glass, slam their knees into the concrete wall near the door or try in vain to pull the door open when it could just as easily have been pushed.The libations were excellent with my companion enjoying a few mixed drinks that were masterfully created.  While only one of the two did she truly enjoy, it was still a pleasure to see a truly mixed drink created instead of simply poured.  I also had the pleasure of trying one of their new drinks: absinthe.  While the brands they now carry are not truly absinthe, the flavor and alcohol content are still there (Lucid is 126 proof).  You can have it traditionally poured or simply have a shot.  It's the same price ($15 for Lucid) either way, so have it traditionally done.  You'll never realize you've needed so many accessories to have a drink (spoon to pour water over sugar into absinthe, ice cubes and extra water to cool or tone down taste).The atmosphere here is excellent.  It's laid back, unpretentious and cool.  The music and DJ were excellent...loud enough but not too loud to keep you from talking with your friends (or soon to be friends).  There are private rooms and areas throughout that we didn't even get to see.  In the main bar area, there is a large table that is cordoned off by a see-through mesh type of material which seemed like a great idea (kept the noise in/out, some privacy but allows others to venture in easily).  The waitresses were excellent with excellent ideas for a drink if you can't figure it out.  Check the pictures already posted of this place, but better yet head downtown and enjoy it for yourself.  Drinks are a little pricey for my tastes, but sipping a glass of absinthe or something more to your liking with a good friend or group can keep the price down.  I'd rather spend $10 here on a good drink than $1 each for a crappy 1/10 ounce of tequila margarita at the Fremont Casino nearby.
5	I love places that are so cool that just finding the door is difficult.  First a quick shout out to George....HI GEORGE!I came here just to have one drink and check out the place.  I ordered some Absinthe drink with cucumber and I have to say it was light and tasty.  George was bartending but he is actually a manager too.  He was very accommodating with some special requests.  If I lived in Vegas this would definitely be one of my regular spots.
2	We stopped in for Happy Hour... We each had one drink, and the total was $17.  Thats happy hour price?  :-\  My martini was pretty awesome, I'd come back for A drink... not a place I'd wanna drink all night...They do have Absinthe.  We ordered one of the Lucid, and one of the Kublar.  The bartender gave it to us strait.... (definatly not the way to drink it! EW!)   She then told us that the Downtown cocktail room is one of the two ONLY places you can buy it in Vegas, and that we could buy a bottle there (to take home) for a mere $200 (i can't remember exactly.. it was around 200) ... So, we passed... as the shot of strait Absinthe was way too much to handle (maybe if it were served properly) Later the same day, we were over at another downtown bar ... which also had Absinthe (not one of the "two" bars in Vegas that supposedly have it.... ) Also, before we left, we noticed it @ one of the gift stores. Lucid = $68, Kublar = $54....I would be pretty pissed if i had been drunk enough to buy the $200 Absinthe from the liar @ dcr... psh.
5	Great spot to enjoy a few cocktails. When I'm out and about, you can usually find me here at some point in the night.
5	Aside from just hanging out every now and then for a drink and great atmosphere, I have hosted two events here - one for friends and one for business associates and was pleased with both.  The staff is friendly, easy going and helpful.  The drinks are fantastic and worth the price.  I could keep typing but that would waste your time - just get there yourself and check it out - you'll be hooked.
5	Best damn bar in town period.The Huntridge is awesome and totally deserves the name and the Bloody Mary is the only one I will ever drink.This place is awesome and like the guy said earlier this is a cocktail room. If you want Bud Light this is the wrong place for you.
5	Oh DCR how I love you! You are dark. You are cool. You are aloof. You are mercurial. You are poetic. You are mysterious. You are everything this man could wish for.I count the minutes until we can be together again.You are worth SIX stars but alas, this rating system doesn't know you the way I do.
4	I finally found a home in Las Vegas away from the strip. I regularly go to Vegas to visit my folks but avoid going to the strip.This place was dark. The music was great, deep house mixed in some classics which was refreshing to hear in the sea of noise(rock & hip hop) you find in every bar. Finally a place where i can relax and enjoy the night as I should be. Its a locals bar so dont expect to pick up on some tourist from Kansas. It reminded me so much of the places i use to hang out at home. I cant even find places like it in LA. Great beer list could use a few micro brews or imported taps but im not complaining since they have Absinthe. Beer and cocktail price is good $5 Stella's and $8 cocktails.Bartenders are friendly. I will definitely be back and bringing friends next time.
4	Definitely an above average dive bar... wait, can I even call this place a dive bar?  They're playing club music and specialize in fancy cocktails.  I met some friends there for a drink... ample seating, but it was a little loud for us as we could barely hear each other talk.  Bartender was ok but cocktail waitress was better.  Maybe this just isn't my place, as I'd prefer the Griffin most nights.
3	Maybe this place would be awesome if I could find the entrance door!NO STARS!UPDATE: I found the door! The cocktails were great. Anything that's cucumber flavored that'll get me buzzed has got me roped in for good!The waitress was overly attentive, but nice.I hope you like peeing in front of other people! :D::update re: michael's note::Yes, I realize they're two way mirrors, however, if there's any light whatsoever on the other side...you can see. I went in with friends...and you can see. it's weird. sorry.
4	I love the atmosphere, the bartenders, the cocktails, the location and so on and so forth. however, fix the a/c please.
5	This is my new favorite place I love it. The atmosphere is awesome I feel like a vip when I am there. The drinks are awesome.
5	Just went back Saturday and there was a doorman who just checked our ID's, well not mine because I used to work at the Plaza Hotel where he was or still is a security guard so he was like "I know you go ahead." Once inside I noticed a bigger crowd than when I went on Wednesday of the previous week, but we managed to find a couch and sat down to wait for our cocktail waitress. The music was also a little bit louder, but I am sure that was just to compensate for the larger crowd, had the music been soft as it was on Wednesday you would hear the loud chatter of everyone at the lounge and not the music. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't an I don't want to be here it's too crowded crowded, but a nice crowded, just the right amount of people to still keep the wonderful relaxed atmosphere. Our cocktail waitress was very attentive and the thing I liked about her is that when she took our orders she got down at our level either sitting on the table or the couch instead of standing over us which I really like that. The drinks were awesome as always, I think between my friend and I we will have tried the whole menu, well not the wine and beer which you can get anywhere, but their special drinks. So I would reccomend if you are looking for a good, quiet date night go on a Wednesday or a good time with friends go on Saturday.
5	My favorite place to drink in Vegas. Watching people trying to find the door is funny!
5	So I went back to the Downtown Cocktail Room with a group of friends last night and had an amazing time. On Wendesday I had reserved a table, the center table which has sheer curtains you can close, free of charge. We ordered one of their punch bowls called the Huntridge Party. The punch is instead of bottle service, a new idea here in Vegas. You get a punch bowl small glasses and a pitcher of ice. We got the one that serves 8 to 10 people but most of my guests flaked so it was just 4 of us and only 3 of us were drinking the punch. Got a great buzz and for 75 dollars it wasn't bad at all. If you were to order individual drinks at 9 bucks a pop you would spend a lot of money just to get one personed buzzed. All three of us just 75 dollars. The cocktail waitress would come back to our table to replenish our drinks. I am also excited because in addition to the Autumn menu they have a new Holiday menue which has a few new drinks on it and an egg nog drink served in a punch bowl. Next time I have a group we will order that. Still love you guys, best lounge period.
5	I am excited to go back to DCR for The Chase, a new party hosted by DJ 88. If I hear correctly the music is a kind of disco/hip hop funky, sexy stlye. Although I have not heard DJ 88 yet I have read a short bio and sounds promising. I do love DJ Doug Mixer who dj's at DCR a lot so I am sure I can expect the same quality. Can't wait. I will be writing the review for The Chase soon, so check back.
4	The Downtown Cocktail Room is the type of standalone lounge that a few years ago wouldn't have had a chance to thrive in Las Vegas, let alone the Fremont area.  With it's trapdoor entrance, hip young urban professional vibe, and experimental mixology menu, this bar would be much more comfortable in Chicago, NYC, or a number of other cities where places like these are more commonplace.  But perhaps it's the secret location on Las Vegas Blvd. south of Fremont St. that makes this the ultimate 21st Century Vegas speakeasy.  Self-park for free at the El Cortez and walk the 2 blocks to D.C.R. and you'll pass some of the bar's equally progressive neighbors - Beauty Bar and The Griffin.  Be prepared for a triumvirate of local places replacing video poker with actual cocktails on the bar, and where being amongst the "in crowd" is not precluded by paying $400 for a bottle of vodka and a spot on a love seat.A collection of couches, chairs, and stools dot the various loose "sections" of the room, allowing you to be a part of the masses or in your own little world depending on your needs for the evening.  D.C.R. keeps the lights turned low and the groove & electro tunes turned up, often with live DJ's.  If only there were a hip restaurant in the area to pair this with, date night would be a done deal (Triple George Grill, close enough I guess,).
5	Not wanting to do the club thing for my 21st birthday, I chose to bring  my 21st in at DCR this past December. Got there at midnight (a Saturday) and was let in by the doorman because I could not find the door (thankfully not the first and certainly not the last one to be confused by it). Interior is well designed and manages to be upscale without seeming too pretentious. The waitresses were friendly and very quick to bring our drinks. I asked one waitress for '4 shots of anything' and they were easily the best shooters I've had of anything I just wished I asked what they were so I could re order them. A good experience, and I try to visit there once a week and force my friends to come check it out. Cannot go wrong with this place, great cocktails, staff and atmosphere. Though there is no official dress code it is not the place for the following: Ed Hardy, Tap Out, sunglasses
5	Easily my favorite place for cocktails in Las Vegas.  There really is no better place in town that has the combination of an amazing cocktail menu, music, and atmosphere.  The staff is incredibly knowledgeable with regards to the drink menu, and the service is always top notch.  You will not find a cocktail menu in town with more creativity and selection. The drinks are made by the most talented bartenders that the city has to offer, and are a great value for what you actually get - all fresh ingredients and top quality liquor.  I would highly recommend checking out "Mixology Monday" if you haven't been yet: the drink quality-to-value ratio for that event is hands down is the best you will find anywhere.  I have been going to DCR for a couple of years now, and the quality of the menu and staff has always been excellent and consistent.  It is great for groups as well, and everyone that I have taken there has always had a good time, and has returned often.  In terms of overall quality and enjoyment, DCR easily stands up to other cocktail lounges that you would find in NYC, LA, MIA, and other major cities.  In my opinion, it's even more enjoyable because of its humble and non-pretentious atmosphere.  It's clear that the ultimate goal is to create a unique environment and make sure that guests have the best time possible.  This is definitely accomplished here.  The lack of gimmicks and lowest-common-denominator advertising is absent, which is hugely refreshing - especially in this city.  It definitely sets the standard for Las Vegas and is a must-see for anyone who hasn't been there yet.
4	This is a cross between a really awesome bar and a really terrifying Las Vegas nightclub.  It's somewhere closer to the "really awesome bar" side of things.  There is usually a DJ here who is pretty good (Vegas usually has pretty rippin' DJs).  And one thing you'll notice here are the ice cubes. So dope.  They're great big chunky mothers. Not sure exactly how that helps but it does. And dig the weird/creepy one-way glass doors in the bathroom.
5	This place is the bomb-diggity....makes you forget you're in Vegas. I would like to keep it to myself but i'm a sharing kinda gal. Always cool, vibe music and great drinks. The hard part is figuring how to get in the place!
5	Still love it. The drink menu is kept fresh which is nice. There is nothing worse than going somewhere you really like but getting bored with the drinks. I like the creativity and imagination of the bartenders. Definitely growing in popularity.
4	It is more pricey than most the bars in this area but they have some awesome absinthe drinks--which I love.  The Huntridge makes absinthe taste delicious.  It is usually less crowded and not very smokey.  I hate how smokey all the bars get in this area.  The hummus at happy hour is from the Greek place next door which is good and cheap.  Happy Hour is cheap.  Music is chill and not loud.
5	The Downtown Cocktail Room is 100% my style.  I don't care what you want to call them: bar, club, lounge, speakeasy; when I go out to these places I want only a few things.  1. Good Drinks - DCR delivers a menu of signature cocktails and old favs that are rotated seasonally.2. Good music - DJ this Saturday was cranking them out the entire time, however, the music was low enough to hold a conversation over.3. Efficient Service - The waitresses were on top of our entire group throughout the evening.The bottom line is the DCR delivered on all fronts and gives me a personal favorite hangout spot downtown.  Don't forget to check out the bathrooms as Suzie mentioned; they're neat.
5	My husband and I recently got married in Las Vegas and chose to have our reception at DCR. We first visited the bar maybe 2 years ago on a tip from another bartender. We LOVED it. Loved the drinks, loved the design of the room, we even loved the hidden front door.We travel to Las Vegas two or three times a year to see family, and this has become a staple of our visits. When we first spoke to Michael and Jennifer about having our reception there they were extremely helpful and spent a good deal of time talking about our options. On each of our trips I've been excited to try the new cocktails they've crafted for their seasonal menu, and being in the service industry in Chicago this kind of attention to detail and ingredients never disappoints. The drink menu was one of the big selling points for our reception. The reception itself was fantastic. The staff were incredible, they treated our guests with the perfect amount of enthusiasm, drink knowledge, and just simply exceptional service. We felt like they were a part of our party, and all of our guests (friends and family) were impressed with the drinks, the service, and the space itself. We brought our own ipod with a pre-made playlist and they hooked it up for us no problem. Downtown Cocktail Room has been one of my favorite places in Vegas since my first visit, and they went above and beyond to make sure our wedding reception was flawless.
5	DCR has been one of my favorite hangouts since last year.  The staff here are not bartenders, but true mixologists (on a side note, Google Chrome's spell check wanted me to change "mixologists" to "sexologists").  They have seasonal menus that offer hand crafted cocktails created by the DCR staff itself.  Right now they have their recently released 2010 Spring Menu going on, with two of my favorite drinks being the Agent Orange and Kentucky Cappuccino.  The first is an Irish whiskey-based drink with a delicious orange froth topping it; the second is a mixture between coffee and bourbon, two of my favorite drinks.  I love myself some good bourbon, and the Old Fashioned here does not disappoint.  Muddled orange and cherries, Angostura bitters, Bulleit Frontier Bourbon, and no club soda = the best Old Fashioned I've had in town.Along with the good drinks come good prices; the drinks on this menu are ones that you will not find elsewhere, yet they go for $10 or cheaper.  I have to stress that the quality and craft that is put into each drink is unique and noticeable, with all the flavors balanced well enough for you to know that alcohol is present in your drink; yet there is so much more going on that your palate will be anxiously waiting for the next sip.  If you come to DCR and get yourself a beer, you are doing yourself a serious disservice by not getting a mixed drink  (You can also get $2 Heinekins/Coronas on Fremont Street).There are also limited food options on the happy hour menu (Happy Hour goes on Monday-Friday from 4:00pm-8:00pm), including assorted nuts, hummus, crabcakes, and other small bites.  I can't comment on the food here as I always have dinner before heading here.DJ's also spin on Friday and Saturday nights, giving you some nice house background music; the music is kept at reasonable levels that don't interrupt conversation.This place is great for groups as well, comfortably seating 6-8 people at the tables in the back.  Reservations allow you to put together multiple tables, so plan accordingly if you have a large amount of people.  The only time I really see this place packed is after First Friday, so be sure to arrive early on those days or you may find it difficult to get a seat.Right now this is probably the longest review that I've written (out of all 7 reviews!), but this is also the one establishment that I've probably visited the most in the past year.  Either due to First Friday, Beauty Bar "Say What?!" events or someone's birthday celebration, it's not hard to find myself here twice a month.  If you ever find yourself on Fremont Street, do yourself a favor and stop by DCR.  From a distance you'll only be able to identify it by a neon sign that says "downtown".  And once you get to the entrance, don't give up if you can't get it; a regular inside will let you in and most likely ask "Is this your first time here?"  You'll understand after your first visit.
5	This place is an ultra cool cocktail lounge and serves the best cocktails around.  They are seasonally changing the menu so we go there every few months to try the new concoctions and they are always delicious and well thought out.  They make there drinks out of all kind of different made in house ingredients like black pepper syrup or rose water and they always use fresh juices and fruit.  I wish I could remember all the drinks I have had but they are so complicated and over the top it is hard to exactly remember but they have all been interesting and tasty.  The only down fall is that it is a little pricey, about 10-12 bucks a pop but you get what you pay for. They do have a happy hour when they are only 7 bucks. The decor is ultra hip if thats your thing and they usually play some "techno" type music thats fits the atmosphere but it isn't super loud so people can still kick back and talk.  They also have a selection of absinth if you like that stuff.Also check out their bathroom stalls, they are crazy, thats all I will say.
4	This place is kind of a savior in vegas. You can walk in (without waiting in line), and sit at a *table* for *free*....WHOA. Get over the strip people...unless you really want to wait in a line for 2 hours and bring 20 girls and $2k to get into a sweet lounge.Smooth ambient dj, awesome wait staff, and reasonably priced drinks. Not to mention, super close to some amazingly divey yet kick ass lucky (at least for me) casinos on fremont street. Make sure to try the rhubarb refresher when you are there. Yes...a whiskey and rhubarb drink. Seriously...could life-iness be any better??Beware of the mirrored bathrooms there if you are tanked (like I was). Some of those urinals are actually reflections of urinals in mirrors. The pee does not flush when you are done (thankfully, I noticed this juuuust before I started going, but after I bumped my head on the wall).Also beware of the exit door if you are tanked (like I was). The door part is the *solid* side, not the glass side. Anyone remember the movie birdie? Yeah I pretty much did the same thing - full sprint into a glass wall. Thankfully, I did not break my neck, but I did have the biggest bruise ever on my right kneecap for a week. Ah the cost of my stupidity.
1	if i wanted overpriced drinks/mediocre music/yuppie vibe, i'd go to the strip. i had heard good things from friends, but was pretty disappointed. the bartender was pretty nice, though.
5	Undoubtedly my favorite vibe in LV. A great room that's immediately welcoming. The sound system is wonderfully conducive to both dancing and conversation. Interesting people, nice art, great drinks. If you can figure out how to enter the place the rest is easy!When in doubt, go Downtown...cocktail room, that is.
5	Five stars? How can someone give a place five stars when he didn't even have a drink? Magic. That's how. And my trip to the DCR was purely...magical.Awesome house music. Clean bathroom. Delicious club soda, of course. But my friend ordered a Grey Goose/Soda. She asked for flavored vodka, but since they didn't have flavored vodka (seems like they are purists...not a bad thing), the mixologist offered to make her drink with fresh juice for flavor. Looks like the drink was amazing.The vibe was great. All walks of life in there. The music was awesome. We were able to grab a seat and hang. Not a place to have in depth conversations because the music is loud. This is a great place to hang out, have a few, and have a good time. I've already told several of my LA friends that they would LOVE this joint. It's got all of the hollywood cool, without the gallons of douche. And fellas, it's not a sausage factory. And ladies, it's not just a box party. Good mix here. I can't wait to come back. P.S. Not sure how it happened, but during one of the DJ's sets, some dude with a trumpet randomly improvised a tune to the beat. Kind of random. And awesome.
5	Great place to enjoy a cocktail after work.
5	Downtown Cocktail Room has become one of my new favorite places to go. I'm going to chime in with Dave here and agree that this place has a Hollywood vibe. Downtown Cocktail Room is something you wouldn't expect to find in Vegas with its air of mystery and sophistication. It's one of those inconspicuous places that doesn't advertise and you would never know that it's there unless you heard by word of mouth, which probably adds to it's allure. You walk in to a dimly lit, red walled room with concrete floors and delicately placed candles and modern art. The entry way is filled with small tables and leather chairs with a live DJ to your right . The back wall is tinted paneled glass obscured by sheers. The bar is towards the back with the female bartenders wearing red cocktail dresses and the men wearing button downs and vests, a la old school Hollywood. The drink list changes seasonally, and the bartenders are more mixologists than pretty faces (well they're actually both). I ordered a martini with freshly shaved ginger, a hint of wasabi, freshly muddled strawberries and vodka. It was one of the most unique, yet fantastic cocktails I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying. The bartender was friendly and the crowd was young and mixed. The live house music was fantastic, was at an appropriate volume, and everyone seemed to mingle. The price points are higher than other Fremont Street bars, but the prices are well worth the cocktails and ambiance. Here's to DCR! I'll see you again tonight for my 24th birthday!
5	If you are a professional who works downtown, the Downtown is the place for you.  The atmophere is laid back.  The speciality drinks are delicious.  I recommend the beekeeper.  While they do not offer food, you can order food from a local place and they will go and get it for you.  They have special events there and don't close it down.  We went last Thursday and it was a mixer.  A gentleman came by and told us it was ladies night and all three of us were given a free drink.The bathroom is a little off putting with the see through walls, BUT only for the inside.  I swear that people on the outside cannot see in!
5	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Nothing.LIKE  Our friendly server. The nice bathrooms.  The chill music.LOVE  The hidden entrance. All the cocktails my friends and I ordered. Our mixologist George Sproule. The fresh and seasonal ingredients they used. The atypical atmosphere for a downtown Vegas lounge.
3	An invitation from a couple of friends presented the opportunity to experience the DCR first-hand after reading many great reviews. I want to share my experience because it seems significantly different than most of the other reviews I've read...A DCR bartender came to our table and asked us what we would like to drink. A woman in my group was interested in a certain 'Japanese' cocktail on the menu which contained ginger and wasabi ingredients, and the bartender asked her, "What interests you about THAT drink, the strawberries?" She mouthed the words, "Uh, no..." And she said it was actually the description of the drink as being a "Filler" drink - one with "food qualities" according to right-hand-side 'drink guide' on the DCR cocktail menu. The bartender said, "I don't like the menu" and basically told us he didn't know or care about the 'drink guide'. He seemed eager to only make drinks that were not on the menu. This was surprising, as it seemed that the DCR put a lot of effort into creating its cocktail menu and 'drink guide'.The bartender then suggests an off-menu strawberry-based drink to the woman in my group. This is funny and ironic. Funny because I have heard her criticize bartenders for assuming that because she is a woman, she likes sweet strawberry drinks (which she doesn't) - "8 out of 10 times when I ask a bartender to create a drink of their choice for me, it comes out sweet and strawberry. So annoying!" Ironic because from the sleek decor of the DCR, I assumed this wouldn't be one of those times.The bartender then asked me what kind of alcohol I would like in my drink. I suggested, "Vodka," and he quickly replied, "I don't work with vodka." How pretentious! What is it about this guy that he is so confident that he will get his way and only make drinks he likes to make? The 'speakeasy' vest? Over HALF of the specialty cocktails listed on the DCR cocktail menu are made with vodka! if this bartender were a waiter at a restaurant we would have walked out by now. At this point, I was ready to believe that everything Yasmin T. said in her previous review was spot-on...So, since vodka was out of the question, I suggested, "Bourbon." He suggested a "really good Manhattan" and the drink I ended up with was really good. He told me he used Woodford Reserve and he placed a pitted black cherry on the bottom of the martini glass. The flavor of my drink became more intense as I got to the bottom of the glass - the cherry did a good job of infusing the drink and keeping things interesting.For being downtown, one would assume that the cocktails here cost less than those on The Strip, but apparently 'mixology' is a magic password to charge regular price, or in the case of one of the drinks on our group's DCR bill (a Sazerac), an eye-popping price: $19.00! The rest of our drinks were all between $9 and $11 each. I wonder if the old real estate adage, "Never buy the most expensive house in the neighborhood" applies to the DCR in some way. On the way to the bathroom I took a look around the DCR, and I was surprised to see that their 8PM Saturday night clientele basically fit two categories: Touristy guys with Oakleys on top of their heads and their Coach-bag-toting wives, and groups of 50-something single local men out with their girlfriends. DCR seems to be doing a good job fending off the hipster crowd? Where are the hipsters tonight?To the DCR's credit, they have put considerable thought and money into the fixtures and furnishings. Overall the place was clean, the lighting was relaxing, and the QSC speakers throughout the room put out a quality sound. The music being played during our visit was a trance-electronica style which matched the decor well.Overall, I had higher expectations. Now for the hard part: 3 stars means "A-OK" and 2 stars is "Meh. I've experienced better." My experience wasn't A-OK, and I've been to a lot of bars - I've traveled through 19 countries outside of North America in the past 12 months. (And no, I'm not in the military.) But in the spirit of benefit-of-the-doubt, I will give it 3 stars.Afterwards we had a pretty good Super Gyro and falafel plate around the corner at the Kabob Corner, which should be named Kabob-Around-The-Corner because it's not actually on a corner. Then, off to a dance club down the street. The night ended well, and the company was first rate!
5	Took my friend for her first legal drink and dinner at Herbs&Rye and continued it at DCR. Short and simple- I love it. I get why my Yelpie Crew likes this place so much....why it took me so long to come down to Fremont East to go here- I don't know. Should've done it sooner. The decor is dark and plush, the chairs were comfy to sink into and enjoy the DJ spinning house music. The BF and I get so weird about how some places have such shot speakers (even in high budget clubs its pretty shit sometimes), it actually sounded nice here. The trumpet player chiming in was an interesting touch....is he there all the time? I kinda hope so- it's quirky cool. Now the BF wants to DJ a night here...BTW, the bathroom is kinda an adventure. Dark bathroom stall, dark colored toilet...can't effing see in there! Note to self- buy a keychain flashlight. It's times like these that I feel the management is trying to play a trick on drunken fools. I had the Bee Keeper which I believe had vodka, lavender, rosemary and lemon with a sugared rim. Pretty tasty, light, good summer drink. We came close to last call so the sucky thing is this place does close around 2am even though this is a 24/7 city.. Still, this was a great place to lounge around. We were only here near closing for 40ish minutes so definitely have to see how it is during its peak times and happy hour. Can't wait for my next visit!
5	One of my favorite bars ever! I love the constantly changing menu (but that long-time customers can still get their favorite "classics"), the quality of the drinks, the laid-back vibe (unless it's 12-2 on a saturday, then it can be super-crowded).  Things you might not know:1.  VEGANS- beware! Some of the drinks contain eggwhites, honey, dairy, or Campari and are not necessarily listed on the menu.  When in doubt, ask the bartender.  They're usually cool about making you a vegan version.2.  Usually the first Monday of the month is "Mixology Monday," which is a hot mess of a good time.  A guest mixologist makes 4 special cocktails to highlight the featured booze of the evening (I went for Veev Acai liqueur and .... some other stuff that I drank too much to remember what they were... but every time I've gone it's been excellent.)  3.  On weeknights, it's a great place to go with friends/ a date that you actually want to talk to because it's not too crowded, the music is not loud, and the ambiance is nice.4.  Expect to pay about $10/drink.  They also have a "temperance menu" of non-alcoholic drinks that are done mixology style.  Great for  DD's, preggo's, or Mormons!
3	Maybe I'm a NYC cocktail snob at this point, but I was looking forward to experiencing this place, and though I wasn't disappointed by any means, I wasn't impressed either. Upon entering, the door's design makes for a somewhat secret entrance. However, my first impression of the inside was a bit boring, but definitely crowded (First Friday night). I was wondering if we'd have any place to sit! That was until we ventured further back where we found sexy and intimate booths perfect for our party of four.The menu is broken down into about 5 categories from classics all the way to punch bowls. Each cocktail is marked with a descriptive word which translates to savory, spicy, citrus, fruity etc. & a rating for light to boozy using a Key at the side of the menu. I thought this would be really helpful, but found there to be some minor discrepancies.Our cocktail waitress was undeniably gorgeous and very helpful in recommending/ describing her favorites, while taking our taste preferences into account.My female friend went with the BeeKeeper (probably the best cocktail of the night). The rosemary and lavender made for great sipping; I'd rate it a 4: A classy lady's choice.Since I like a bit of spicy in my drink I went with the Turning Japanese; with it's muddled strawberries, I found it more fruity than spicy. The spicy apparently rooted from a Wasabi syrup, but unfortunately the ingredient was lost amongst the sugar. My fiance and I switched drinks, his tastes being more partial to the fruit. (He loved it)So I sipped on his Agent Orange. At first it is very boozy, the whiskey really stands out, but as the ice melts a bit, the orange's citrus notes really enhance the drink. I enjoyed it, and my fiance found it enjoyable to drink near it's end.They also offer a great selection of Absinthe as well, so my male friend, being a big fan of absinthe, wanted something that had come into contact with wormwood- so he ordered the Spanish Obsello. They serve all Absinthe's impeccably and even bring a glass of ice and water if you wish to chill or dilute your beverage. He stuck with his glass and no additions. When you let it roll around your tongue a bit it is a truly phenomenal Absinthe.My fiance then ordered the Aviation for his second round, which looked nothing like it's description of a clear sky (which may have been due to the intimate lighting)... and neither of us wound up liking it very much- I felt it was lacking all around, a boozy filler, and not a great representation of the classic.I also ordered the Petula Clark; served in a shot glass, it was semi citrus, and semi- bubbly... almost as if there wasn't enough of either to fully satisfy me. ...So here you have it- they have great romantic booths, a classy lounge area, great service but mediocre cocktails... When you are a proclaimed Cocktail Lounge, I believe the Mixology portion is the most important aspect. By Las vegas standards it may be 4 or 5 stars, but by international ones, I give the cocktails 3 stars (3.5 for atmosphere if I could), after all, vegas is swarming with tourists.
5	Went here and felt like a nerd trying to find where the door was, lol...but once I got in I felt relaxed and not uncomfortable like I would a regular bar or club.  The waitress suggested the Beekeeper and I loved it but the second one I ordered didn't have sugar on the rim and that made me a little sad.  All in all I enjoyed it.
5	went on a Monday night 6-16-10. Was greeted by a friendly and helpful hostess. She introduced my group of 4 to Downtown's signature drinks made by the in house mixologists. The drinks were fresh, tasty and worth the ($9 to $10) each. The drinks were unique, definitely one of a kind.
5	Yelp UYE the Happy Hour. It was quiet during day so seems that this place is definitely a night place. Fine with me, the place felt like it was ours with only a few other HH patrons. Had a Turning Japanese- it was nice and refreshing. Good for people who like strawberries since they muddle those in. Also has ginger slices to give it a bit of heat on the end but I had to really squash the ginger to release it out, otherwise you are mostly tasting strawberries. I wasnt in a cocktail mood so I grabbed a Delirium Tremens, a belgian style beer, for my 2nd drink. I came hungry so I got beef spicy samosas and crab cakes. The samosas are good and the sauce is a sweet spicy sauce, the crab cakes are okay- more like a big fishstick with crab instead. These are from next door, cooked by Kebab Korner. I like the vibe here though. I just like a place where I don't feel hurried and can just bullshit around with the Yelpalicious.
4	UYE HHThis place is located in a sketchy part of downtown. You forget that once you're inside. It was hella chill just drinkin n chattin it up with my fellow yelpers. The bartender was cool. The vibe in the place mellow.
5	So I've been to this place twice now, the first time was on a Tuesday night for birthday drinks.  I must say, the vibe on a Tuesday was pretty lame, BUT I tried the sangria punch bowl and it was delicious!  Knowing that the drinks were probably going to be tasty consistently, I returned last weekend with an out of town friend, and the crowd was an entertaining mix of downtown people, great people watching and the music was much better.  The real attraction are the cocktails though, WOW they were incredible.  There are stacks of fresh herbs and fruit behind the bar and their bar tenders are extremely talented.After our group ordered a couple of drinks off the menu, our bartender started making us custom cocktails.  We'd tell him we wanted to try a play off of a mojito styled drink and he was off, mixing up some tasty concoction.  Yes it's a little pricey, but well worth it for some incredible drinks.  I'd say if you don't mind it being empty go anytime of the week, but if you want some decent people watching stick to the weekends.
3	cant wear baseball style hats.alot of of different drinks to be had.nice looking cocktail waitress'sitting fills up pretty fast so get there a bit earlierDCR is usually our starting point  and then hit up the rest of the bars in the area
3	I'm taking off a star. I was part of the group Angela H. was talking about in her most recent review.They asked me to pay the first time I was there, but I didn't find it rude only because I was there a little before closing and wanted a quick drink. It was last call, so naturally I couldn't sit there and start up a tab or really have time for more than a single drink. This time I felt a bit more watched. I get you're busy, it's First Friday, but when the place isn't full, don't try to push out the people that's already there. I was going to order another drink, but after we ended up being given checks then it just made it feel final. I think I should've or some of us should've put a card on a tab and maybe then wouldn't have felt like we need to be leaving. Since we all have paid, even though not all of us have finished up drinks, it just felt like we were "done" to our server. Yeah, I might be done but doesn't mean I'm going to leave since I'm waiting on those few people still savoring theirs. I got off the new Spring Menu the first drink, Hibiscus something (the full name slips me). I liked my drink- fresh and has a balance of tasting tangy, sweet, and even salty at a point that was complex, but simple and refreshing enough to enjoy anytime. Got some olives and wasabi peas to nom on too. 3 stars this time. I think I'll maybe stick to non First Friday, non Peak Hours times because I don't like to feel rushed out.
3	Stopped by last night after the First Friday UYE with the Yelp-izzles.I ordered a Watermelon Cooler, Wasabi Peas, and Cashews. Everything was good.We all stopped ordering drinks after the first round because we wanted to go eat. It took us a while to decide and I think our server was getting a little mad that we were not ordering drinks. She must have asked us 20 times in 30 mins if we needed more drinks.
3	Time for an update...Within the past month I've visited Downtown Cocktail Room three times.  And whether it was through my personal experience or the experience of others in my party, things have left a generally sour taste in my mouth as of late.  There are a few things that have stood out in my recent visits:-The audacity of a specific bartender.  I always welcome a bartender/mixologists opinion when it comes to recommendations for spirits and cocktails, but this individual comes across as arrogant and presumptuous.  He offers suggestions for DCR-original creations, and then openly admits that all of his recommendations are his own creation.  This came up after a customer had inquired about a drink on the Spring menu, and the bartender said that he wasn't the one who created the drink.  In addition, he ignored a customers request for a cocktail made with a specific spirit, stating that he doesn't work with it; he then waited for the customer to suggest a different spirit base for a cocktail.  As a side note, this bartender also rang up my bill incorrectly during this visit, over charging me for a drink.-Service.  Waitresses were not immediately willing to seat my party in the back area of DCR.  This was brought to my attention by another member of my party, as I arrived after they had.  They were told that there was no seating available, and we only ended up in the back area because a member of our party asked about it.  Am I to believe we would have been out of luck if we weren't aware of the back area?  Maybe.  After being seated, ordering our drinks, and then receiving our drinks, the waitress asked if we wanted to start a tab.  Standard procedure, that's cool.  Some individuals were done ordering and decided it would be easier on them to pay their portion of the bill now, instead of having their total added to a tab.  The waitress then proceeded to bring out the bill for everyone at the table.  Later in the night, when another party was seated in the back area, the waitress took an empty chair from our table without asking us if it was taken.-Did you know there was a $20 minimum if you're going to use a credit card/debit card?  I sure didn't.  After going here for the better part of two years, that issue has never come up; I know this because I often don't carry cash, and also usually order only two drinks (which will keep the bill below $20).  However, on a recent visit, I ordered one drink for myself and another drink for a friend, for a total bill of $19.  First of all, the bill was brought to us right after our drinks were delivered.  Really?  You want me out of there that bad?  After handing the bill back with my debit card, the waitress stated that there was a $20 minimum and that they would have to add $1 to my bill so that I could use my card.  My card is Visa; if this establishment accepts Visa, then they also accept all fees due upon Visa transactions from customers.-Responses to Yelp reviews:  Eight out of the ten lowest scored reviews have received a response from Michael C. of Downtown Cocktail Room.  Not one comment or response, however, was given to reviews over three stars.  It's one thing to step up and address concerns with reviews that you feel are not a valid representation of your business; however these responses avoid the overall commentary of the reviews, and a number of them end with something along the lines of, "Come by DCR and form your own opinion."  Normally I wouldn't nitpick and pull out a statistic like I did above, but it surprised me to hear about the feedback that people had received for their reviews (three stars or lower), while I had not gotten any feedback for my review (five stars).  It's a little disheartening to see all the attention the negative reviews receive, while the glowing reviews from regular customers appear to go unnoticed (until their rating goes down, in which case the deduction of two stars in a review prompted a response that ended with, "Thanks for all of the past support!")Thanks for all of the past support?  Well, your welcome for all of mine as well.  We'll see how things go from here, as I'm sure I'll end up here again; probably just not twice a month as I have in the past.
2	I had heard much about this place and had high expectations. I tried five different cocktails from the list only one was close to balanced. Everything was a bit too sweet or much too sweet. I had much better cocktails and at Noir Bar, Rhumbar and from Lucas at Carne Vida. Of the cocktails I had at Downtown Cocktail Room my favorite would be the Rob Rooigon. The worst was the 318 which was so impossibly sweet. It was pretty much undrinkable. They may have one of the only Kold Drafts in Vegas, but it won't make a bad cocktail good.I might give it a try again.
4	Came here after July First Friday. Dark, red, leather, stiff drinks, good drinks (skip the beer and read the drink legend), great nuts. I was there with a group and was pretty much left alone (which I like). The music was also real good.Great place to lounge.
5	One of my favorite places to grab and drink and hang out with friends. Drinks are awesome! Very well made, staff is friendly and somewhat knowledge depending on the server, but the bartenders are always on par and make up for knowledge of drinks where the servers lack so it balances it out nicely. Prices are awesome, especially for being in the heart of downtown. Great little hidden gem of Las Vegas!
5	Been here many times since my initial review and I must say, the place is still fantastic. Servers are attentive. Drinks are great! Although I'm still sober (till my bday in August), I had the pleasure of ordering some of their "mocktails" which are sans da booze. They are delicious and prepared by the mixologists with special love and care for the beverage. I like that.Bathrooms are still clean. House DJ is cool. I always bring my out-of-town guests to the DCR. They can form their own opinions about Vegas and the downtown vibe, rather than judging it by Fremont Street.This place is legit. So legit that I'm having my birthday party here (see events section).
5	Best bar in town.  I've been coming here since they opened.  Great drinks, music, service, room.  I hate the big, thumping clubs and "ultra-lounges" aka clubs with couches.Chillax to groovy toons in a hip, San Francisco style lounge done right...
4	Tip: There's no door handles, just push on the brown or bronze door on the left.Very cool and sleek design out side  and continues throughout the bar.  The lights are set very low and has a comfortable and lounge type atmosphere. I was here on a week day and it was quite and relaxing. My type of place. I hear on the weekends that it get packed.You can choose from their specialty drink menu our have the mixologist create a cocktail based on your preferences.  Great service, nice atmosphere and quality cocktail. Your specialty cocktails are gonna run you at about $9. I've been to other mixology bars that have charged me $15 +.
5	Vegas is built upon offering visitors an experience -- much of which is over the top.  Subtly is rarely appreciated in a town where prostitutes are advertised on giant billboard trucks driving up and down the main drag.As there must be an exception to every rule, in a town of excess someone must arise to sneak a little quiet class into the mix.  Enter the Downtown Cocktail Room.  The LA-style bar is hidden just off Fremont with a bolted entrance door that makes the place look boarded up (it has no handle and you have to push).  The bar is dark, with most of the tables lit by candlelight.  Curtains hang from the ceiling, separating the room into intimate areas where guests sit in comfy leather chairs.But that's all atmosphere.  Even if this place wasn't mellow and intimate, the drinks would make it worthwhile.  The Downtown Cocktail Room is all about drinks as art.  Fresh ingredients and inventive flavors abound.  Martinis with ginger or papaya; several varieties of absinthe (and a staff knowledgeable enough to explain the absinthe ceremony); a good Manhattan and an entire menu of liquor art.  The folks I went with usually drinks straight liquor, refraining from any sweet or poofy drinks, but the menu's cocktails were so inventive we indulged.  And the bar did an excellent job ensuring that the flavoring ingredients accented the liquor, rather than drowning it out.  5 stars for the Downtown Cocktail Room, which is one of the places I take visitors to town when I want them to have an quality experience. Happy hour is M-F from 4pm - 8pm (discounts on cocktails and beers).
4	Great drinks.  Let your bartender make some of her specialty concoctions.  You won't be disappointed.Only complaint would be the music.  Mostly electronic house music.  I think it'd be more fun if they played some old school jazz.  Just a thought.But hell, great drinks and a great place in downtown to hang with friends.
5	This spot is located on a deserted block of Las Vegas Blvd in the downtown/Fremont street area.  It's a nice, refreshing change from the "PARTY PARTY PARTY!" vibe most other Vegas bars have.  The Downtown Cocktail room is a nice, swank lounge with a chill vibe.  The bartender we had was great and our drinks were DELICIOUS.  Most drinks are about $10/ea.  They also have a few cheap beers...but you don't want that!  Seriously, if you are in Vegas this is a MUST HIT UP SPOT.
4	If you come with a group, I recommend a punch bowl.  Lots of fun and bound to get you drunk.  I've been here a million times and it always delivers.  Every drink I've ever had has been delicious.  The music is great and the bartenders are fantastic.  I just wish they had a little parking lot right in the front.
4	I had never been to a bar by myself but I had an hour to kill between social engagements downtown and the idea of taking the edge off the day at a swanky bar was appealing. The place was basically empty when I rolled up at 4 PM, but even in it's sad empty state I was into the vibe here. The bartender working was adorable, sweet, and carried on just the right amount of conversation with me to make me feel welcome. Oh, and she was a badass bartender, too! I told her I wanted something fruity but not sweet. Not much fake syrups, added sweeteners, that sort of thing. She suggested the watermelon martini, light on the simple syrup. I hate most watermelon cocktails because they are green or hot pink and remind me of jolly ranchers and they use "pucker", but I trusted her and she delivered! The cocktail wasn't sweet at all, and was so fresh and summery and delicious. I followed up the watermelon with a blueberry cocktail. Also tasty, but  the watermelon cocktail was the best ! She also offered me an "earthy" free shot of some kind. So complex, interesting, and tasty. Oh and I polished off an entire f-ing cheeseplate by my self while there. Oops (I literally think I downed 12 ounces of cheese in one sitting - my cheese addiction is scary!). The cheese and 2 cocktails came to $20ish during happy hour. Well worth it ! I will be back, but not sure if I'm ready to see this place on a happening night. The tasty well crafted cocktails pair nicely with a quiet relaxing evening in my book !!
3	I work in the cocktail industry and am super impressed by the new spots downtown, it's a real scene and not just another area trying to grab tourist dollars.  That being said, I like this bar, the vibe, the music, and the fact they are trying to make proper cocktails.  However, it has "cocktail" right there in the name.  Do you see it?  That means cocktails should be pretty extraordinary.Unfortunately, it's still missing something.  Most of the drinks are over-sweet (probably a side-effect of a town that gives you a big helping of sugar and rum inside of a large plastic yard),   Most of the drinks come off as poorly balanced with one of the ingredients sticking out way too far.The real deal-breaker is the fact that they won't list their ingredients on their cocktails.  When I asked why this was, I was told it was because they didn't want their drinks stolen.  The humor comes from the fact that the drinks on the menu are mostly fairly well known (such as The Last Word).  I have an idea, how about you create new drinks and continue to innovate rather than come up with a few cocktails and keep them secret so you can ride the menu for the next two years?  A true master is not measured on how many students he has, but by how many masters he has created.  Sharing recipes makes everyone better and keeps you innovating.  This place is not good enough at drinks (yet) to be this high-and-mighty about their menu.  I look forward to coming back when they're a little more enlightened.
4	My husband and I visited the Downtown Cocktail Room for the first time a couple of months ago.  Another great recommendation from my friend/Office Manager! We'd driven by the place several times and never knew what it was.  Well, it is an absolutely cool bar/lounge with awesome drinks, that's what!The "hidden" door was hilarious and we shared a good laugh over it with the doorman. Inside, it is very dark, beautiful couches/lounge chairs, lovely bar.  We were seated in the lounge and our server was really fun (and cute).  She explained some of the drinks and answered our questions.  It was a little too dark to read the menu, so she  adjusted the lighting when she saw us struggling.  A DJ was spinning old R&B/neo soul when we arrived, then segwayed into deep house.  It wasn't so loud that we couldn't hold a conversation, and we enjoyed people-watching.And the drinks- yummy! I initially got some sort of strawberry concoction and was seriously trying to eat the fruit out of it after I finished. I then ordered a pineapple mojito (not on the menu), which was good, but not as good as my first drink. Next time, I'll stick to the menu- those guys know what they are doing.Prices were quite reasonable and less than Strip prices, around $10-$12 each.  I'd definitely go again; it was a fun spot to start the evening.
4	If you appreciate the craft of well made cocktails and a cool lounge environment that feels natural, then Downtown Cocktail Room is for you.  The bar staff is friendly, knowledgeable and they enjoy their work.  The cocktails are made from fresh ingredients and with unexpected twists.   The vibe is laid back and intimate.  The tables are surrounded by comfy chairs and couches and are lit by candles.
4	This a fairly new place, situated near East Fremont Street and Las Vegas Blvd., across the street from Hennessey's.  I went there during a recent First Friday, which is a big street festival in the Downtown Arts District.  It's very nondescript on the outside, but this place was jammin' on the inside. Got busier as the night wore on.  Bartenders were friendly, and I tried one of their specialty cocktails from their menu...something that the bartender described as "liquid pumpkin pie" because it was pumpkin-flavored.  I liked it.They had a DJ that night spinning r&b-type grooves; a sax player jammed along and walked through the crowd.  Lots of 20-somethings seem to like this place. I like it too.  I'll be back...Oh yeah, and the doorman got a good laugh when we tried to get in through the "hidden" door.
4	Had the pleasure of coming back this past Friday and I absolutely adore this place. Everything about the  rich decor, music, and art give off a hip, but welcoming vibe. We took some friends there who had only experienced the Vegas dance clubs (aka stand in line for hours and pay too much for crappy drinks) and they also love it. Downtown plays the best house music, and it is definitely where the art of the cocktail and conversation rule.
5	Is there really anything not to love about DCR? This is by far my #1 fav bar in the Vegas area.1. It can be a little hard to get into. And that is simply because of the entrance door. It is hilarious to sit inside and look out and watch people fumble around trying to find the entrance.2. The bartenders are actually very knowledgeable about the drinks.3. The menu rotates seasonally - and each season I find a new favorite cocktail. And more often than not, it is something I never would have normally thought of or tried.4. The layout of the menu is awesome. It gives you the name of the concoction, the type of glass it is served in, and a brief flavor profile. It does not tell you what is actually in the drink. Major appreciation points for this.5. The tourists have yet to really discover this place. In fact, I don't think I've ever encountered a tourist in here ever.6. It's a great after-work hangout. Few patrons, no loud music, and it's pretty much all locals that work in the downtown area.7. On weekend nights, it can get pretty busy and there is a DJ.8. Skip the "food" menu. It's all awful - I don't know why they even bothered adding these "food" options to their menu. However, the various nuts ARE quite good and I highly recommend them.9. You've got to go to the bathroom here. It completely freaked me out the first time. The stalls are glass. And you can see out, but others can't see in.10. Did I mention the cocktails? Seriously amazing cocktails. It WILL be the best cocktail you've ever had.
2	I went here at 6pm on a Friday night to meet up with some friends.  My downtown co-workers and I used to go here all the time because they would give you a free bottle and mixers if you showed up before 6pm.  I think they changed to more of a high-end cocktail place, which I was eager to try.I sat down at the bar and tried to make eye contact with the bartender for a good 15 minutes.  But he was preoccupied with a group of older gentlemen in suits who seemed to think that they knew how to make drinks better than him.  He'd give them whatever they ordered, they'd taste it (or just look at it) and then tell him to add more of X (usually alcohol).  The bartender seemed kind of spacy because he kept trying to add tequila when they asked for vodka.  He didn't seem to know what he was doing.  Very slow making the drinks and would stare at the labels on the bottles for a good 30 seconds before pouring the liquor.  It was seriously weird.  After getting pissed for being ignored, I sat in the lounge area and waited for a cocktail waitress who showed up eventually after my friends showed.  I got the Devil's Whiskers, Last Word, and a French 75... all gin cocktails.  I love gin.  They were all reasonably good, especially at $7 happy hour prices.  But nothing extraordinary compared to high-end cocktail bars in SF and NY.  Plus, the cocktail waitress seemed spacy as well, quoting me the full price, not the happy hour price, but then charging me the happy hour price.  Also, when I was almost done with my first drink and tried to order another one, she exclaimed, "What? You didn't like it?"  Uh... no.  I'm almost done with my first drink and I know it takes forever to get another one so...Maybe I should try it later at night and re-review.  Overall disappointed.
4	Thanks DCR for keepin it classy. Definitely the type of place you grab a few drinks and chat, chill, and look around. The whole place is great, nice and dark but not too dark, and I am a fan of the back room.The drinks I tasted were from the winter menu including some pumpkin flavored thing that was fantastic. My drink, as usual, was worst of all and was way too sweet. I managed to finish it with help and by "trying" other people's drinks. Everything I tasted was great, much better than what I had! DCR rules, especially for earlier in the night to get the night started-the drinks are nice and strong.
4	One of my faves!  I take people here who come to visit, I recommend it to everyone I know, and the location (right off of Fremont Street) is great fun.What sets this place apart from other lounges is the cocktail list.  You can get your regular old Jack and Coke or Cape Cod, but their cocktail menu changes seasonally.  They use fresh ingredients in their handcrafted cocktails, and I am always anxious to see what's on the newest menu.Another cool thing about DCR is the punch bowls.  If you have a bigger party, you can order a punch bowl for about $40.  We went with a group of 5 and each got about 3 drinks out of it and were pretty buzzed!  A great deal and it comes with the cutest little punch cups.Also, make sure you have to pee when you go there so that you can use the bathrooms.  The stalls are 2-sided mirrors so you can see everyone while you're in there, but they can't see you!  It's crazy!Couple of downsides: it's pretty dark in there.  I mean really dark.  Sometimes I wish they would turn up the lights just a little bit.  Also, the dress code isn't consistent.  We've gone in there wearing scruffy clothes and casual shoes before, but one time we were turned away because a friend was wearing sneakers.  Sometimes they let hats in, and sometimes they don't.All in all, one of the hippest places in Vegas.  See if you can figure out how to get in the hidden door!
5	This place was fabulous. My friend decided it would be fun to watch the rest of our group try to find the door (which was an interesting ordeal). Once inside, we were all shocked to find such a chill place right on the edge of the Fremont Street insanity. Being a responsible designated driver, I asked for the best nonalcoholic drink they could whip up and was presented with an amazing mint/ginger/juice/seltzer blend that totally made up for the inability to intake any alcohol. One very generous patron sent us a round of shots that I was told were wonderful, and everyone else thoroughly enjoyed their drinks and the snacks. The music was the perfect volume, there was plenty of comfortable seating, and everyone else in the place was friendly. So glad I found this classy place downtown!
4	Great local hangout in downtown Vegas. If you are looking for a break from the strip where you can have fun and drink for reasonable prices head downtown. The place has fire pits inside with seating surrounding it
4	They would get ALL stars if it was NON SMOKING. But alas.... it isn't...I also love the fact that it feel upscale in the middle of what seems to be the downtown drug deals & annoying drunk tourists.AMAZING SERVICE! Bianca was our incredible bartender!  Not only was she attentive but she gave us samples of things AND extra pours "to try" of other people's drinks. AMAZING.I am sad that their website doesn't have the current cocktails, otherwise i would give you the actual names. wah. here goes...I had the martini made with almond milk??!!! WHAT??? Oh yes... it was everything i LOVED in a glass... kinda like an alcoholic iced latte' w/ some sort of cinnamon or nutmeg around the rim. YES please.The Gin, Orange Peel, Bitters & Absynthe cocktail was good. My hubby forgot that Absynthe tastes a bit like licorice... which he is not  fan of... he was a bit disappointed... but if you like that? go for it.We also tried a Scotch drink, which my man LOVED! Also some sort of lemon amazingness which was brilliant. I think "Jack" was in the title.A truly amazing evening besides the cigarette smoke. wah.
4	I think entry into the Downtown Cocktail Room is designed as something of an IQ test set to weed out only the intelligent (and lucky) customers.  It took me a minute or two to figure out which part of the dark wall is the actual door.  While I am sure this is a continual amusement for regulars of the lounge, a small sign, a doorman, or even a handle would shave time off of the deductive reasoning.  In retrospect, it IS kind of funny.There's a lot to like about this place.  The place looks excellent, the bartenders and servers are dressed stylish, the art on the wall is excellent, as is the (non-deafening, non-screaming over) music, and the place has a very cool "vibe" to it.  The vibe of any place is an intangible thing, and somewhat hard to explain.  It either feels right, or it doesn't.  This place is excellent to sit back and enjoy.  And very clean.  Someone knew what they were doing when they set up the overall look of this place.The drinks?  I had a very nice server.  Being a first-timer, she pointed out a few excellent drink choices, both were very satisfactory, unique, and flavorful.  They even serve absinthe there, which got an eyebrow raise of surprise from me.  During the night, she forgot part of my order, but was very apologetic, and worked hard to set it right, which I couldn't help but recognize the sincerity, and the EXCELLENT customer service.  She was class.  The whole night was just a wonderful experience in which I would return again... in a particular time period.So why 4 stars?  Another review noted it gets busy at the place around 11, which was an accurate forecast.  The issue I had with the place isn't a direct fault of the actual establishment itself or its staff, but I have to make note of it.  As it got busy, the building hipster crowd that began to appear in droves as the night wore on didn't so much as chain smoke as they began to chew and eat cigarettes in an attempt to go through what was apparently a pack smoking contest to see how many could be lit and inhaled during one night.  I can handle smallish amounts of smoke, and crowds don't bother me, but my God, man.  I was there for two previous hours of awesome, then... yeah....They serve bar treats here.  A nice variety of bar related nibbles (served very well, and very cheap), and I guess it's debatable if that could actually be considered "food", but I wish it was, as food in an establishment keeps the smoking element out.  Perhaps a separate lounge, or larger fans, or an outside area, or something.  All I know is that I was having a wonderful time, but I got so smogged out that I just had to leave.  I was disappointed because I REALLY wanted to stay longer and try yet another drink, but around 11-12, it was just too much.  One of my friends and I had to leave as we started feeling sick.  Again, I don't blame the Cocktail Room itself at all, but I do hope that they can try to find an a little help for us non-smoking types.I can easily 5-star this place (and it pains me not to), but I think that will mean me both coming and leaving early here if last night was an indication of a regular weekend night.  They nailed the atmosphere, service, and drinks.  I just wish I could breathe in there as the night wears on.Cool place, though.
4	Cool place to have a drink.  Makes you feel like your not in Vegas.  This bar is something you would fine in a bigger city like NY or Chicago. They make really good cocktails and the service is great.  Definitely worth checking out.
4	I am constantly on the look-out for decent places to spend a Friday or Saturday night in Las Vegas that don't include standing around a packed club having douchey guys in popped collars trying to rub their crotch against me. Luckily, Downtown Cocktail Room happens to provide a relief from such terrible adventures.Located downtown, secluded, and wonderfully hidden from most tourists eyes the Downtown Cocktail Room is a wonderful placed to spend a night drinking with friends. Get there early enough and you'll also get a place to sit (AMAZING!) and waitresses will actually bring your drinks to you! Also, amazing. Sit in front of the window and watch people attempt to get in (the doors are a bit tricky for the uninformed, which makes this place even better). The only reason I didn't 5 star is because sometimes the service can be a bit slow. I think my friends and I waited for our drinks for almost 10 minutes and there really wasn't a whole lot of people there yet (it was early for a Friday night). Other than that I have no complaints about this place. Oh and by the way, the drinks are fabulous, yet not over-priced, another plus plus! Try the Aviation. It's my favorite drink, besides the $5 shots of Jameson, of course.
4	Great drinks n house music. Little more expensive then the other bars DT. No cover charge.
5	I was recommended to this bar by friend at work. He pretty much described what others have said, nice place to bring a lady lol its nice and dark!!! Couches are comfy, its awesome. The drinks are a bit expensive, unless you go on happy hour. Expect to pay from $8-$12 a cocktail. Other than that, I still give this place 5 stars :)I really don't recommend this place for groups..  unless its a group of women lol and if you are a group of guys, and you go in when there's a group of women, then you lucked out lol I see this place more of a laid back, chill place for a guy bringing that special someone. So that's my tip to the guys!!!
3	They do have creative drinks... unfortunately the ones we had were not very tasty...It was more like an experiment for us.The bathrooms were "fun" with the one way mirror... Anyways, was it a cool place to stop by? Yes.Would I go back if I had a choice? Maybe not.
5	If you want an exceptional cocktail experience, head over to Downtown Cocktail Room. With a seasonal menu (they are on their 16th menu to date) DCR is constantly combining innovation, expertise, and passion into your each sipping experience. The lounge is beautiful, intimate, and ideal for intimate get-togethers. As someone who takes ultimate appreciation in a well balanced drink, I've undoubtedly found a new place to sip on Pleasure. Downtown Cocktail Room set the bar, and now they are raising it. Incredible.
4	Loved it! Cozy, great chill music, wonderful drink menu.Would be 5 stars if -  the music was down just a tad - it was too loud for conversation.  And, the "secret" door almost kept us out.  I noticed a few other people walk away when they couldn't find the door either, and once I played doorman because I happened to see some people try to find their way in.I understand the feeling of exclusivity, but the place was still quiet around 10:00, and would have been better if the people who wanted to come in could figure out how to get in!I got a specialty drink, something with lemongrass - was  quite tasty.  Nice place to experiment with new drinks.
5	Love coming here, wish Vegas had more bars/lounges like this.  They have a unique cocktail menu and change it seasonally!   Love the music (downtempo trip hop) and the semiprivate booths are always fun to be in.
5	Was headed down Freemont to get a pre-dinner "pop" at the Griffin when we spy a door in a brick wall on a side street that says "downtown."  Weird.  Anyhoo, it was 4pm so the Griff was locked.  Spur of the moment return to find that Downtown is a cool cocktail lounge.  They know how to make the classics and have a creative menu of their own. The happy hour menu includes snacks from a nearby Indian restaurant.  The wife had a French cocktail and one of their originals (that included coconut water).  I love places that crush their own ice, take care with juices and ingredients and have droppers full of interesting flavorants.  I call them REAL cocktail bars and this is one.  I will be back, maybe even at night.
5	This is hands down one of the best bars in Vegas! I was in the mood for an interesting cocktail and Downtown Cocktail Room delivered! Super friendly service! We got there at 8pm on a Tuesday night and practically had the whole place to ourselves. I couldn't believe how cheap the drinks were! I'm so happy to know i can get a real cocktail somewhere in Las Vegas that wont break the bank..I cant wait to take more of my friends here!
4	We stumbled upon this bar as we were walking around. Great decor, modern, chic, soft lighting, and a very friendly staff. They are true mixologist that will make you some pretty cool cocktails. We all ordered something different while I just wanted a good margarita. My margarita was made with Patron and who knows what else he put in there but damn it was one of the best margarita's I have ever had. I only wish we could have stayed longer to enjoy the ambiance and reasonably priced drinks. This is where to go for good quality drinks at a good price. Vegas has gotten so high end with most places charging $15 plus for a cocktail. Check this place out you will not regret it, we rushed out to get to a show but I would go back for sure.
3	Checked this place out for the first time on Saturday.  Its a good lounge to meet with friends or a date as you can find an intimate spot where you can talk.  Decor is nice...and a also a little on the " trying to be trendy" side and seemingly pretentious.  But we still enjoyed the fact we (group of four) got a booth and our waitress was super nice and unassuming.  Drinks were good...they have absinthe, which we did not participate in, but thats kind of a different twist.
5	Downtown Cocktail Room is THE SH*T; this is a great escape from all the BS associated from the strip and other whack venues in the city. DCR has given me another reason for being a frequent visitor of this part of Las Vegas. I'm quite impressed with the drinks and the atmosphere of DCR. I hate that I didn't know about DCR sooner! I'm guessing because it's tucked in the corner of Freemont and Las Vegas Blvd, that it didn't catch my eye. But, because of my love for chill lounges with cool atmospheres AND house music, I had to hit this place up. Upon entering DCR on a Saturday night, we are greeted by a bouncer, who made me feel welcomed right from the get go. While I jokingly tested his bouncer skills by challenging him to check my fiance's and my ID's at the same time, he was personable and sweet as he complimented my fiance and I for being a great pair. :)Inside DCR is probably as dark as the outside night or even darker and the chill sound of jazzy lounge house awaits (think thievery corporation sounding music). I am relieved that they weren't playing the usual club house or electronic music you would find at the clubs on the strip! I am instantly excited and eager to grab a drink so I can settle down in one of their spacious seating areas. I take a look at their summer menu, which by the way, is very reasonably priced and quite a sophisticated selection, and decide to test a bartender's skills by ordering a drink off the menu. The drink I ordered is a mix of a bloody mary and a margarhita. The bartender asks me to take a sip off his creation and I let him know that I wanted something a bit more on the margarhita side. A little squeeze of the lime and bam! my perfect little drink. Our cocktail server was real sweet and made sure that we were doing well and that I wasn't too drunk :P. I feel it's rare to find a cocktail server who is not just attentive to the guests BUT at the same time cares about our well being and safety. Anyway, I love this place! It's so chic and classy that I have to remind myself that I'm in Vegas still because this is nothing like anything you will find on the strip or anywhere else in LV. I think this place is going to be my happy place in LV since lots of places in LV irritate me due to the high saturation of douchieness and whackness in which DCR lacks :).
4	After a prompt visit at Vegas Streats, a few friends and I went to Downtown Cocktail Room for some conversation and drinks. Being situated in the midst of the Downtown Vegas, DCR is definitely a change of pace - dimly lit, modern, swanky. I was shocked at the size of the bar as well; for there was an entire room in the back with more tables and chairs. Service was fantastic - prompt and accommodating. Hearing the DCR was a gin master, I ordered the Barbieri Swizzle. What made it into my cocktail, I can't be too sure (a solid sign of a great cocktail, in my opinion). Fruity yet tart, I certainly didn't taste the gin, but half an hour later, I felt it - my kind of drink. The first bar I went to since coming home to Vegas, I am certainly aware of what I am missing out now. DCR triumphs over any bar on the Strip. Low-key with a great atmosphere, drinks and service, I would come back again!
5	Great place to spend a night with friends. The cocktails are fantastic, moderately priced and the little snacks are great and very reasonably priced. I love that the menu changes seasonally because there is always something new to try.
5	I really enjoyed the DCR. The atmosphere inside is very welcoming and the vibe is amazing. My husband and I decided for the bar since we wanted to know more about all the cocktails. It was Wednesday night happy hour and we paid $7 per cocktail. I had the "Handsome Halo" and my husband ordered something with watermelon... I cannot remember the name. The bar tender was very friendly and answered all of our questions. It was fun to watch her mix the drinks and they turned out amazing.
4	I'm amazed to have found you considering how vague of a description I received. "stand on the corner in downtown, and you will see a small sign that says cocktails.. I think."Well, I didn't find you. I gave up and proceeded with my entourage to enjoy the shenanigans found in DT LV. Then waiting for the light to turn green, I see the sign. Downtown. A neon lit picture of a cocktail. This MUST be the place!We scope it out, and sure enough, craft cocktails have been found. I proceeded to order items not on the menu because I'm a pain in the ass like that. The bartender did a fair job of making all three drinks and we enjoyed the lounge area around the back. Next time, I will try some of your house cocktails - I promise!
5	This place is Vegas' best cocktail room, as far as I know. The drinks are delicious, authentic, and affordable. The staff is cool, calm, and friendly. See you there...
4	This is easily one of my favorite downtown spots in Las Vegas. In fact, it's just one of my favorite spots in Vegas to hang with friends for a few drinks. The DCR is a low-key, darkly lit, comfortable seating kind of spot. They have a great list of interesting drinks, some based on some old school recipes, and some with some twisted up new flare to them, in addition to a pretty full bar. I am a fan of the Italian herbal 'Amaro' and as I can never find it in Vegas bars, but they have it always ready at the Downtown Cocktail Room. (I drink it on the rocks with a splash of soda and an orange if available.. give it a try) I have been to this lounge on many, many occasions. Sometimes on a Monday night for a chill spot to hang with friends, and sometimes during the week (wednesday thru the weekend) for a some chill house music and live sets from Dj's like Carlos Sanchez. It's in an unassuming location across from the Fremont Experience, and often goes un-noticed, but I believe that is part of the charm (keeps out some, but not all of the riff-raff.. which is how I like it). Others dig the trendier downtown bars, but the chill vibe of the DCR is what gets me every time!
5	This is one of my favorite places downtown.  A wondrous selections of creative concoctions that are always sure to please the taste buds. Jeremy makes some of my favorites. The staff are friendly and quirky which adds to its charm. Be sure to visit, indulge, and tip well!
5	Best place ever for a cocktail. Nothing more needs to be said.
4	This is a couture cocktail bar. Every major city has one if you look hard enough. First time customer but would definitely revisit for another cocktail fix when in Vegas again.Not of the league of MH in nyc or Noble Experiment in San Diego but an "A" for honest effort. That is the only reason for only four stars. (Please note that  I rarely give five stars on a first time visit.) The decor is swanky intimate... great to take a date or to converse with close friends. Slightly off the beaten path which is common for this class of bar.To increase stardom this bar would need to extend it's bartenders knowledge of classic couture drinks. At an establishment such as this, with all proper ingredients on hand, I expect to be able to order off menu from any of the cocktail categories. Although the bartender was not familiar with the cousins of the rikki, old fashioned and fizzes, he made an honest effort to please. Those who are new to couture cocktails will still be pleased with this establishment.Will return.
4	This place is a hidden gem located in downtown Las Vegas!  It's a hard spot to find, and even harder to figure out how to get in the door...The DCR (as it's referred to by locals) features an ever evolving menu of expertly hand crafted cocktails.  The mixologists here the best in Vegas and they concoct recipes that later become popular in trendy places on the strip.This place often has DJs and a hip crowd on the weekends, however my favorite time to come here is during the week when the regulars congregate around the bar and mixologists are working on their latest creations.I would recommend a drink or two, but by the time you read this, the menu will be completely different ;)
4	Nice speakeasy vibe with a very knowledgable bartender who made a mean caipirinha and also knew the proper way to pronounce the Brazilian rum cachaca (unlike the fellow beside me who also ordered one and pronounced it like cha-cha-cha) as well as the subtle differences between the two he had at his disposal (Leblon and Cabana).  Bonus points for having a table alongside the entrance watching newbies through the window fumble around trying to figure out how to enter through the elusive metal door with no handle or label (high unintentional comedy).Minus one star for having a "Bartending for Dummies" book in plain sight next to the liquor rack (pretty sure it was not intentionally placed there to be ironic)
5	Great Ambiance in here. The prices arent bad, and they serve absinthe. People of all walks come in here, and really isnt a dress code besides no hats. Music is playing but you can still talk to the people in your party. If this place was back in the 70's im sure coke would be on the table in lines. LOL just saying.
5	Mixology drinks? Yes please.Sexy house music? Oh Damn.This is the place to be. This was my fav place I went to this weekend. I got the pumpkin spice drink. Lord help! I wish there was whipped cream to go on top of that. So many different types of drinks. Good ambiance.
5	I've never heard Thievery Corporation played at any other venue in Vegas.  There is a cocktail made with Lienenkugel beer which pleasantly surprised me.  I appreciate the vibe here very much, and it's definitely on my list of places to go in Fremont East.  Though the hidden-in-plain-sight door messed me up the first time I went.
5	Very simply the coolest, friendliest bar/lounge in all of Las Vegas. Well run, fairly priced, and comfortable. This venue shows what Las Vegas is becoming. It really is a gem, and candidly, is more fun than any of the bar/lounges I frequented in New York City in the 45 years I lived there. The mixologists take there role seriously and have fun with it. Las Vegas needs more of this.
1	Probably the WORST waitress I have ever seen...Rude from the moment we walked in and we had a large party ready to buy drinks and tip nicely..and the sad part the owner was sitting right there...I will NEVER go back in...I guess unless you know someone...cuz she was nice to the CEO of a certain cool company moving downtown...it starts witha "Z" but just nasty to us...HATED IT! rethink where you want to spend your money try Insert Coins...cute, and nice and chill! Boooooooo on DCR!!!!
4	umm it was nice just not for me so much my wife wanted a nice coctail and she found this place via yelp and she had to try it ....so we came ....found the door(harder than it sounds) and had a few not bad priced drinks from the friendly staff!
2	Oh DCR ...how I loved thee.It sucks because it used to be such a favorite spot to chill at... But the last couple of times have been less than worth the time. The service on nights like Monday and Tuesday when there are no events happening.. Is just not good. Will I be back? I hope so.. But literally the last two visits were all about slow/bad service, unknowlegable staff, and.. Even slower still service. So I recommend skipping it or don't go on the slow nights. seriously. Not to be mean..just don't waste your time.
4	Walked into this place for the first time on a Friday night around 8.  Given the location I was a bit skeptical at first.  Very intimate spot, dim lighting, nice decor, solid music (just the right volume) ideal spot for a 1st or 2nd date.  Waitress did a great job explaining the menu and how they have different hand crafted cocktails seasonally.  This is not the place you go to order a regular run of the mill drink, it would almost be an insult.  Service did start to lack after a few more of our friends showed up, but all & all a good place to start off downtown.
5	Great chill space to relax and get some cocktails.  Darkly lit but welcoming, comfortable chairs to spend some quality time with your people, upscale but totally relaxed, and one of the most diverse lists of cocktails I've seen.  Will transport you out of the cheesy Vegas and into the cool of Vegas.
5	Where in Vegas can the beautiful soulful, deep house heads seek refuge? Look no further than Cocktail Room. Man, this place is one of my favorite lounges. Its classy, dark, sleek, romantic but unpretentious. I enjoy taking people here that aren't familiar with what East Fremont has to offer as they typically have those preconceptions of being run-down and dilapidated. At DCR you'll find creative seasonal cocktails and a fairly diverse crowd. While there really is no dance floor to practice your latest house dance moves, on busier nights impromptu mini-dance floors may appear as the night progresses and DCR's strong drinks begin to take effect.Head towards the right side of the bar and you'll find some semi-private, plush little booths with these dope chandeliers -- for those more cozy, intimate rendezvous ahem*wink*wink*nudge*nudge* The last time I visited it was a windly, cold and wet Thursday which I'm sure scared people off and there was no DJ. Typically Fridays and the weekends are definitely the best times to visit. Good luck finding a seat during summertime tho. And if its First Friday then fuggetaaboutit. One small knock -- service can be lax at times and its lack of light may make it hard for the waitress to see, but no excuses from me. Still, its a great place to kick it and hang out.DCR was listed as one of Food & Wine's "50 Best Bars in America" list. http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/americas-best-bars
3	There are a lot of things I appreciate about this place.1.  It exists in Las Vegas.  Thank goodness and why didn't I know about it before now?2.  Our server was so sweet, attentive and patient with our group of too many (14).3.  They use fresh ingredients.  It was obvious that the fruit in the drinks was fresh.  After reading some of the drink descriptions, I was afraid that they would be too sweet.  Not so at all.4.  Our entire group drank for three hours for around $400 and not during happy hour.  I didn't know that was possible.  OK, some of our group were drinking beer but still.5.  The bathrooms are awesome.6.  They have punch service.7.  The house music was just the right volume.8.  The place was not too crowded on a Friday night, it was just right.9.  It's a really cool place to hang out.Ultimately, I never wanted to go there with a group.  I wanted to go and sit at the bar and not have to deal with a bunch of people.  I love talking to bartenders, not in a creepy way but so that I can hear all about what they're working on and what they have planned for the next great drink.  The good part about going with a group, though, is that you can try lots of different cocktails.I got to try both punches, the Orthodox Caveman, Japanese Cocktail, Hemingway Daiquiri, Downtown Cider, Pumpkin Spice, Rufus Xavier Sarsaparilla, Funky Pear Medina, and the Grande Absente Traditional Absinthe Service.Overall, I didn't feel like the cocktails were all that well balanced.  As I mentioned before, I noticed that the fruit was fresh in all of the cocktails.  Perhaps the tartness of the citrus impacted the drinks.  I'm not sure but they all seemed very heavy on the citrus.  The Daiquiri in particular had an overwhelming amount of lime.  Taking note of this, I asked the bartender to go easy on the lime in the Japanese Cocktail and it was perfect.The Orthodox Caveman was interesting.  I wasn't sure how they were going to make cachaca and scotch go together but it worked.  It was a little heavy on the scotch, though.  We really liked the Sarsaparilla and I liked the fact that they offer a variety of absinthe and styles of service.  I was a little bummed that they don't bring the fountain to your table.  Another good reason to sit at the bar.I'm really glad that I found this place.  Spending over two months out of the year in Vegas for work can really suck when you're stuck on the strip.  I can't wait to come back and try some more cocktails...and hopefully check out happy hour!
5	This place was exactly what I was hoping for and was exactly as yelpers described. I came here on a Monday night for happy hour, and looked for the sketchy looking outside. Watch out for the entrance, it's fairly deceiving if you don't know what you're looking for, but pull on the bread on the left and you'll be fine. Three place was empty enough that we were attended to perfectly quickly. I ordered a funky pear medina cocktail, and my dad got their fig cocktail, and both were ready before too long. I noticed that our bartender, Kristen, mixed our cocktails over on the side with what appeared to be regulars, but still made us feel welcome. After our cocktails, we had a chat about the different absinthes available, and she was really helpful and knowledgeable. I ended up taking her advice and trying a spanish absinthe as my first (obsello) and it was great. The atmosphere was dim, moody, and chill with smooth music and next time I'm in Vegas I'm definitely coming back. Thanks Kristen, I've finally got a yelp to make good on my word to praise this place, and my cocktail horizons have been expanded.
5	Just like many other places in Vegas, I'm not entirely sure how we ended up here. What I can say is that I am so happy we did! This has to be one of my all-time favorite bars of all time. It's in a part of time I'm not normally in and it's a place you have to be looking for- you just don't run into it. It was unpretentious and we met a ton of great people, most of which were locals (as in people who grew up in Vegas). It's dark and classy and feels like a speakeasy. I enjoyed both watching the bartenders making the drinks and actually drinking them! Some of the best drinks I've ever had were made here. I'm not sure you could order a bad drink in the house. You just need a little bit of patience as it's a bit of a show for them to make your concoction to perfection!
5	Kevin is the best bartender in Vegas!!
5	I love DCR! It's a small bar on my favorite hangout spot, Fremont East. The door at the establishment is confusing. I will give you a hint. It's on the left hand side. DCR is composed of little tables and couches and a few booths. The music is house/techno, not my cup of tea, but it's not too annoying loud where you can't hold a conversation. The lighting is dim, but not too dark.What makes DCR so damn boss are the never ending rotation of seasonal cocktails. You can order your typical vodka-cran or beer, but what sets DCR apart are these complex, tasty beverages. I strongly believe that if you go to DCR and don't order a cocktail off their menu, you're not experiencing DCR!DCR is not pretentious, there's no typical patron. Vegas movers and shakers are spotted here (writers, CEOs, the mayor). The bar itself is small, but the place is classy, artsy, and vibrant, but without being "in your face."DCR, you rock my socks and shoes!
4	Hard to believe that this cocktail lab faces the insanity of the Fremont Street Experience.  Don't get me wrong - I love Fremont.  But DCR is pure class next to one of the world's biggest mines for hokey-ness and over-the-topping.  If memory serves, the place is kitty-corner to the Heart Attack Grill, for Pete's sake ("OVER 350 LBS EATS FREE!!!")The drink menu here is one that has been crafted by people who clearly love to experiment and have fun.  It rotates seasonally, and drinks are given a value based on their ABV (I think).  I'm sure there's some duds every season, but the sheer ambition makes up for it.  Not to mention the alcohol-to-dollar ratio.All the other essentials are in order, too.  There's a decent amount of seating, and the music isn't super overpowering.  Bathrooms are clean.
5	Went there on a Wednesday night with 3 friends.  We were all in town for a business conference at the Golden Nugget.  This place is located right at the end of the Fremont Street experience where it meets Las Vegas Blvd.The current drink menu is the Winter version.  They also had a live acoustic band that played latin music this night.  The ambiance is chill and dark.  I especially liked that they were playing my favorite chill group Massive Attack while we waited for the band to set up.The drinks were fabulous.  Our waitress, SAM had a great personality and was very attentive.  The bar tender, I don't remember her name, was not only a great mixologist but surprisingly knowledgeable about the history of Absinthe.The drinks we had were:Deck the HallsGreen Fairy (an absinthe drink)PortydiaWe all agreed we would be coming back to this cocktail room when we return to Vegas.
5	What a great bar! Nice speakeasy feel and Crystal can make a mean drink!
5	Great, chill find in the heart of Downtown Vegas. Our bartender was awesome, very knowledgable and willing to explain anything we didn't understand. They make their own cherries and various syrups, so everything is fresh and tasty. High quality ingredients makes for high quality cocktails.We were there for 3 hours and tried just about everything on the menu. The drinks were really creative and delicious! No complaints on that front. We got there early enough that the bartender kept the happy hour prices going well past the end, so our 9 drinks + food + a generous tip came in under $100.A wonderful surprise in that city of over-priced tourist traps.
5	A W E S O M E little gem of a cocktail room here.  I loved their menu of original drinks, which I hear are changed seasonally.  We will definitely be visiting again on our next trip to Vegas!
5	This place is great at what they do, which is a trendy place for cool cocktails. Try the absinthe drinks! Prices a little high for the neighborhood, but not crippling.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE.Went here for the first time friday night, and from the front door to the back of the place is amazing. loved the two-way mirrors in the bathrooms. Loved the unique,delicious drinks. LOVED the music!! I can't believe they played reggae music in there, its so rare to hear that kind of music in las vegas, felt like i was in hawaii again. but i loved how i also felt like I was in san francisco at the same time.very classy place. and love how you dont need to pay 300+ dollars just to get a booth, you just sit anywhere :) def. coming back.
5	Amazing cocktails. Great ambiance. No cover. Relaxing retreat from the Fremont Experience. Great bartenders. Best.Punch.Ever. This place deserves to be on the main strip. Do yourself a favor and stop in.
4	Tonight we visited this place to hang out with some peeps from out of town.  I have to say that for the most part, I love DCR.  This place has become the unofficial place for our CEO.  They actually named a shot after him.  Here's what I thought:DRINKS:  I usually get an ordinary vodka, soda water and a lime.  I'm not to big on "foofy" drinks.  Simple is always better for me.  They do make their drinks strong and I think it's valid because the drinks are a little pricier than normal.  If you're into Absinthe or Fernet, you will like their mixed drinks.  I think highly of the place because of the way they make their drinks.  Their mixologists have really taken the time to perfect the right cocktail.  Their bartenders take the time to handcraft these drinks in a seemless manner, down to the way they shake their martinis...very chic.  The shot that we have (named after my CEO) is called the "Delivering Happiness" shot.  This shot  contains Fernet, an herbal liquer.  Fernet is known as a digestive spirit, very aromatic and slightly bitter.  This shot also has whiskey and lime juice.  It's an aquired taste, true.  But trust me, the Fernet really helps stablize your stomach LOL.AMBIANCE:  This place is super trendy, very chic and the low lighting offers a very intimate setting.  The decor is a bohemian theme with lots of wall art, a middle table seating and back VIP area.  The one thing this place is known for as being unique are the doors.  First, when you get in, be careful.  The glass is not the front door, it's the big metal wall to the left.  The bathroom has a one sided glass-mirror doors and walls.  When you're inside the stalls, you are able to look out as the walls are glass and see-through, however when you're looking towards the stall, it's a big mirrored wall.  The door leading to the DJ booth is a hidden door and looks like the entire wall.  Lastly, the door from the bartender's station to the backroom looks like it was made for little people.  It's half the height of a regular door.All in all, this place has a speakeasy vibe that anyone would enjoy.  Great place to visit after a long day at work.  The ambiance allows you to properly wind down.  Lot's of executives frequent this place.  On the weekend, come early if you want proper seating.
4	A cool lounge in downtown Vegas.  The bartender made me a great negroni.  Good conversation at the bar with techno geeks and hipsters.
3	Great vibe.  They had some really weird drinks on the menu, but that was what they were going for.  A decent amount of comfy couches and chairs.  The bathrooms are pretty cool too.
4	Dimmer than a midnight vigil, this cocktail room is swanky, posh, relaxed as a reclined armchair. Plush seats and simple tables sink into the premises like olives in a martini glass. This is by no means a location to slosh around frothy brews in your mouth while lassoing women with your Popeye-like forearms. Downtown Cocktail Room is all about decor, reserve, gently clinking glasses together in cheer while massaging the knot of your necktie. There are rules here that state, in so many words, that they don't want you to swivel in your seat and pinball your egregiousness around the room like a Gremlin in heat. Not to say you cant have fun. Rolling a comb through your mane and getting gussied up doesn't mean your voice has to be siphoned from your larynx. I came here with a group of friends, ordered one of Downtown Cocktail Room's signature punch bowls that was stoned with ice cubes and wedges of oranges, and put a lofty buzz into my brain. This little minx of a spot makes everything from traditional cocktails that have been around so long they've seen the fingerprints of dapper people such as Cary Grant, to artisan, neo-cocktails that have some serious bite of their own.When you want a break from getting your arm hair scorched by Treasure Island pirate ships, the bullhorn of an alpha male that is trying to leg sweep a random girl, or seven-hundred dollar beer on the strip, DCR is a rad time.
5	I loooove this place. Not love. But loooooove.Here are a few reasons why:-Lounge style seating with good music. None of that Rhianna shit.-The service is always awesome.-The menu has some of the most interesting, diverse, and fun cocktails (even appetizers) I've encountered. Especially in Vegas.-The bartenders/mixologists make a mean cocktail! Everything I've ever tried there has been absolutely delicious and aesthetically pleasing. Because who wants a crappy looking cocktail?This gem of a bar is located in Downtown Las Vegas and every time I'm in town I stop by as much as possibly. Sometimes twice in one day. Super excited for our next trip!
4	This is a nice little spot off the strip, you don't really know it's there.....Well I didn't know it was there.  But alot people knew it was there.  We went there for a group meet up.  Got there before anyone else.   So we couldn't find how to get in, you walk up, and there's windows everywhere, and a door, that didn't look like a door, so we were going to go down the alley, around back.....ummm that didn't look like a good idea.  So we were going to walk along LV Blvd, to the back, then we heard a voice.  OK, we go back, looked around and didn't see anyone.  So we started walking away.  Then the guys that worked there was just goofing around.  It's was funny, but just know, there isn't a handle on the door, so just push it open.  So back to the bar!  Ohhhh, we liked it, they had these L 'ish shaped couches all over the place, it was black and red.   So I had to go to the ladies room.  I go in there, open the stall ready to do my thing WAIT it's dark in here, where's the light?  Why would they put a light in a stall that you have to turn on.  Well I couldn't find it.  So I go and ask for help.  The girl told me, there's no light, because the glass is a double glass.  You can see out, but they can't see you doing your business.   Um mm, the toilet is black and it's dark in the stall.  You don't know if someone missed the toilet (if you know what I mean) Yea, so during the night, it was a issue with alot of the women about going in the stalls, it was actually funny.  Some women would straight out say, don't sit on the toilet, I might have missed!!  lolOther than the bathroom we really liked this spot.  It's not a place for the penny pincher.  The least expensive drink that I saw was $9.00  But it's a cool place to go and chill out, get away from the craziness of Fremont street.
3	Whoa!  I am definitely not cool enough to hang out here.  First of all, it took me 10 minutes groping around to figure out how to get in the door.  I was trying to muster up some clever hipster jargon in case there was a password required.  Note: the entry is a pitch black semi creepy vestibule and the ginormous metal section on the left with no discernable handle or moving parts is the door.  There is lots of seating but this joint was packed on our visit (10:00 on a Tuesday? - go figure).  So, we ended up trying to stay out of the way but got jossled back and forth by passers by.  There was an excellent band playing.  They were super good, entertaining and talented.  Bartender was nice, and personable.  He took his time and made our drinks with love.Hubby got a gin martini.  $13.  Yikes!  Guess this place doesn't conform to downtown pricing.  I did notice they offer some cool eclectic cocktails and absinthe drinks and such.  They are following suit with the trend for legit bars and they have homemade bitters.If you are into good live music, expensive fancy drinks, and hipsters...this is the place for you!
4	Best-kept secret in Fremont. Dim-lit, chill environment, well-made craft & classic cocktails, fantastic service. Features extensive absinthe selection. Ample lounge seating. Love this Fremont speakeasy.
4	Atmosphere: DCR, you do not fool me. When everyone is pushing at the glass, I am pressing through the solid frame on the left. This place is like a fabulous drag queen because you are left wondering where everything is hidden. The music is at the right level allowing people to comfortably talk yet creating atmosphere. Seating: Once in, it is important to find a place to sit. Although the sheer number of patrons outnumber seats, no one seems to mind.Libations: Water of Life is the drink to get. Feeling dehydrated but do not want to stop drinking? This is the poison of choice. Staff: The bartenders believe in singular handcrafted drinks. Even if everyone in the group is ordering the same drink, each person has their cocktails made separately. The waitresses walking around are so nice and checked on us several times.
4	Discreet, sexy....very romantic ;)
5	Great service and the best cocktails I've ever had.  Couldn't ask for more.
5	Well made cocktails.Happy hour M-F 4-8. $5 mixed drinks. $7 specialty cocktails.
2	I was really excited to try DCL after reading such great reviews.  After going, it really didn't do it for us.  It all seems a little forced.  Too cool, too artsy, too chic...I wasn't a fan.  I had the Sticky Icky cocktail and it should be renamed the Fucking Disgusting because it is undrinkable.  And I'm a drinker! but this drink was SHIT!  My wife had some sort of watermelon/cucumber concoction that was very good however, wish I would have had that instead!  I won't be back to this place, even for happy hour.
5	Best drink spot in town...super chill!!!
4	Have to say I'm glad our niece was with us because I would've walked into the wall fumbled around while trying to find the door.Nice vibe, comfortable seating with dark leather chairs around small coffee tables or larger couches, and amazing drinks.  I mean, really amazing drinks!  This is like drink heaven for foodies.  I tried the Sage Advice - gin, sage, ginger, black pepper (really, black pepper!), and lemon.Either I have to figure out how to make this drink at home or I'm going back for more.  Prices are a bit high, but quality is also quite high.  I'll probably go back, because I'd love to try their other drinks.We also ordered a couple of nibblers:  sesame honey cashew and pretzel nuggets.  The price was great (2 for $5) and they're served in small, wine-like glasses.  The pretzels were fresh but it was the cashews that stole the spotlight.  Addicting!  Stems up!Why not five stars?  Well, this place is for lounging (no dance floor) yet the music was really loud making it difficult to have a conversation.  Music was cool, just needed to be turned down a little bit.
2	I saw good reviews online about this place, so the hubby and I thought we would check it out for happy hour.  I went to their website first....it says drink specials and 1/2 price appetizers from 4-8pm.  There is even a food menu available to view.  We went with the expectation of eating apps along with having a couple drinks....We were wrong! So we arrive at the bar and could not find any food on their drink menu.  My hubby asked the bartender if they had food.  She said "you mean like a kitchen?" We said "yes, like appetizers"  She proceeded to tell us that they only have munchies like pretzels, almonds, cashews, ect.. and apologized if we saw food on their website.  She said they used to have food, but don't anymore and their website is not updated. How can a business not keep their website updated??...sounds like bad management to me.Anyways, since we were already there I ordered one of their original cocktails. I don't remember the name, but it had an orange slice in it.  The drink was so freaking strong I could barely drink it.  I could literally feel the alcohol burning in my empty stomach.  I then decided to order some of their munchies to fill my stomach.  I ordered the cinnamon almonds and the pretzels, which were pretty good, but I was expecting some kind of free munchies.  Usually bars have some free peanuts or something to nibble on, but not this place.Well hubby had to help me finish the drink.  His beer was pretty good, nice and cold.  We only stayed there for one drink and left.  We both decided we won't go back.By the way, the decor is nice, but they need to put in some kind of flooring.  The floor looks like the tile was ripped out and they never got around to finishing the floor.  It's just cement with old marks of what used to be a floor.  This doesn't match the nice decor.
4	The Sage Advice cocktail is so good! And only $7 during happy hour (4-8pm). The bartenders are super knowledgeable and I've never had bad service, although I've never been while it's super busy. Overall, I would suggest trying it out, really awesome cocktails!
4	4.5 Stars Love the drinks...others love the DJ and House music...I wish I did my homework better because I really enjoy some of the jazz they play but like to converse with classic cocktails in hand.  IMHO the drinks here are too good for the scene which is not bad at all...just not what I want.
4	Love the feel.  Very chill and GREAT cocktails.  Our bartender really knew her cocktails and was a lot of fun to visit with.  This is an ideal location to sit with friends, have a cocktail and relax.
4	Cool, chill vide and killer music/DJ going on.  Drinks are always mixed just right.  Love how is is kind-of hide of to the side and it is fun watching people find the door for the first time.
4	Let's start with the entrance...where is it??Here's a tip..when you arrive at the entrance area, knock 3 times to the glass to your right, then 2 times to the glass in the front.  The entrance will magically open.  I tell everyone this when we first arrive...classic!!!  Yes, doors are hard to find.Once you're in, you're in.  This is the most chill cocktail lounge in the Fremont area.  Like others, it's dark, but it's spacious and with plenty of places to lounge. This is a great starter for the evening and an even better after bar. Great place to go with friends and even chill enough to take a date here. If you're looking to hook up or you specialize in "What Happens In Vegas, Stays In Vegas", then this may not be it.  Most people here are here to kick back and relax.  My suggestion is to meet someone at the other lounges, bars, and cocktail rooms.  Then take them here after.  You receive a drink menu with the prices and proofs.  This place specializes in Absinthe.  Yes, the strong stuff that I avoid so I can make it home safe. The staff is pretty good.  Usually when you walk in, they will help seat you if you do not know where to go or can't settle on a spot. There's also enough watresses roaming that you are kept filled.  TIP: For your drinks, ask for a little or no ice.  Drinks are not watered down, but way too much ice at times.  I like the drinks cold, but hate it when it's just a sip and you're done.
5	Awesome little bar leading the Downtown Las Vegas revolution.The owners helped convince Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh that Downtown was a neighborhood worth revitalizing (no doubt with the help of their excellent and strong cocktails), and they've been pioneers in opening distinct small businesses in the area. The place has a hidden entrance, but once you find it you'll be pleased by the chilled out ambiance and  excellent drinks they pour. An awesome spot that's become a go-to watering hole for Downtown's growing population of young and cool residents.
4	Headed to this palce after eating at Le Thai around the corner.Place looked appealing walking by and can be very amusing seeing watching people try to leave and come in since the place has lots of glass.  People think they can just walk through.  I know I tried to walk out.  Oww..  Guys with me thought it was fantastic because drinks were only $3 to $5.  Happy hour, but all the time..?  We had a fairly large group so we ordered everything on the $5 list.  Not all were solid choice of course.  We ended up enjoying only 2 on the list and I heard that the actual bartenders created the drinks on this list.  I believe that everyone ended up getting the Traditional Calivailia (the one served in a jar).  Great drink and server is very sweet.  They come around plenty to take away your empty jars.  Yes, i do agree with most folks who have written a review.  Tony Hsieh (CEO of Zappos) was sitting next to us.  Can't miss the guy since he wears a black T-shirt that says "Zappos."  Music is pretty loud, wish the dj would turn it down a bit so we could chat.  No dancefloor, remember.. lounge, not club.  Overrall, nice place.  Cheap. Convience. I'd come back for the jar drink.
4	DCR has slowly gotten back in my rotation. It's a good place to chill when it isn't First Friday. Really, I should avoid all my haunts on First Friday because I'll just be crowded and rushed. With tasty drinks meant to be appreciated and with the nice dark, quiet, comfy room it encourages to stay sip and listen to house music. It's a sexy space, great for a date night but also still good for group. I've been taking some visitors to Fremont East to understand what local culture is like and all have been very impressed. My favorite drink out of recent menus is the Sage Advice. This alone will have me returning until the menu changes again and I fall in love with another beverage.
5	ObsessedIve been coming here for years and it never disappoints! this past experience last weekend particularity stood out from the rest. Kevin our bartender was amazing. I was fairly buzzed by the time we arrived so I was in the mood for something light & fresh. I told him I wanted something fresh and cucumbery. He made me an amazing cocktail that was mixology gold. They also have an array of house made bitters. Because of Kevins explanation for all of them it inspired me to start making my own bitters at home. My friends all ordered different cocktails as well. My girlfriend ordered the Fig cocktail. It was surprisingly great. I'm sure it will be a great seller in the winter. Also the apple pie cocktail.. OMG. outstanding. This is always a must visit place for anyone out of town or any local just looking for a chill spot with customized craft cocktails.
5	We finally made it down to the Downtown Cocktail Room after years of talking about it and I am glad we did .  The lounge has a very sexy, speakeasy feel to it starting with the entrance.  I guess I should have been more diligent in reading the reviews before going because that would have cleared up the confusion on HOW to actually get in.....but alas, we found our way inside and sat right next to the windows....where we mused at other first timers trying to find the door too.  There are also other secret doors and two way mirrors which is a fun touch.  Their specialty is the handcrafted cocktail and there is something for everyone.  We tried the Don't Fig with me, Pumpkin Spice and the Orthodox Caveman (all good).  I am not much of a sweet cocktail person, usually preferring Vodka on the rocks or a good martini....but I appreciated the art of their crafted cocktails and would try others on a return visit (especially since the cocktail menu changes seasonally).  The atmosphere is relaxing and the music was good, we will definitely be back.
5	My fav in Vegas. DTLV is having a MAJOR make over. look out people!! Check out Downtown3rd.com
4	Hidden gem just outside the madness that is The Fremont Street Experience.
3	We finally tried DCR last week for the first time and had a decent experience. It was a weeknight and not very crowded, with a quiet yet cool vibe. I know that between my husband and I, we tried four cocktails including the Pumpkin Spice, Rufus Xavier Sarsaparilla and Don't Fig With Me but I cannot remember the fourth. I swear there was something with chocolate bitters but it's not in anything we ordered according to the online menu.The Pumpkin Spice was a bit heavy on the bourbon; there was a nice pumpkin flavor underneath but the liquor overpowered it. I think I preferred the Sarsaparilla, which had a surprisingly complex flavor yet wasn't too sweet at all. I finished off with the FIg which was VERY sweet, as you would expect from figs- maybe too much for my taste, but very autumnal.Service was a little slow, but friendly. I found the drinks fairly priced for what they are- complicated and strong- but none of them would be a repeat for me; if we go back, I'll try something else next time.
5	Imagine this:  a group of very scholarly (said with tongue in cheek) graduate students decide to unwind after our last class on Thursday evening.  We leave the lovely 5th Street Campus in downtown Las Vegas and begin walking excitedly toward a destination where we will imbibe on alcohol-infused concoctions.  Imagine our dismay when we find the closest establishment is shut down, the 2nd establishment isn't even a bar (we all swear that small neon sign in the window looked like a beer label), and the third is closed.  As we stood there laughing at how eight very bright scholars (again, tongue in cheek) can't figure out how to find a bar, someone suggested Downtown Cocktail Room.  Yes!We arrived and the two of us who've been there before enjoyed watching the others try to figure out how to get inside.  Our need for an alcohol-infused libation overcame our slightly evil enjoyment of watching "Where's the door?" and we finally went inside.  Nirvana (but with an acute awareness of the modern surroundings of dark leather chairs and espresso tables)!I figured I would enjoy the same delicious beverage I'd had before (some kind of martini with fresh sage & black pepper), but on the menu it was not to be found.  You see, although they do have some standard drinks that remain on the menu, the real gems are the creative concoctions they create using fresh, seasonal ingredients.  They are even so kind as to provide a guide as to the approachability of said drinks (I mistakenly thought the numbers represented the strength of alcohol in each drink).Pow!  Bam!  This perfectly described the very pretty & very fun & very aptly named luscious libation - Onomatopoeia.  A fresh raspberry was perched atop a champagne glass filled with dark cheery, cherry goodness.  Pop the berry in your mouth and it popped right back!  It's true!  There were pop rocks on the berry!  The fresh fruit muddled in the remaining liquid love was, well, fresh.We all enjoyed a variety of flavored cashews, tasty pretzels, and olives (two choices for $5).  The chili infused were spicy, spicy goodness!Love this place and look forward to another visit sometime soon.  Cheers!
4	This is one of my favorite places to go, I do not care that everyone tries to dress like a hipster which I detest, the music is great, the ambiance is perfect, I kind of feel like I am back in Chicago area at a very hip artistic club.  The ONLY thing I hate are the douche bag male bartenders!  The last time I was there I stood at the bar for 20 minutes, not one person behind the bar would look at me, they looked at every single woman that came up and cut in line, but not me....one even tried this "Tom Cruise Cocktail" move with a bottle of vodka and sprayed it all over me, never once said SORRY.  One of my friends ordered 4 drinks and her tab was actually over 300.00, the idiot bartender rang it up wrong and never told her, had we not notice it she would have spent over 260.00 more than what she should have....it makes me wonder how many times they do this and no one notices...he never even apologized. I would recommend taking a seat at one of the tables because the female staff is always right on top of their customers and always really friendly.   One of the best parts is watching someone that has never been there try to figure out how to go in.  The first time it took me about 10 minutes, the door guy finally felt sad for me and opened the door LOL!!
5	Simply: the best. If you visit town and you miss DCR you missed downtown, the heart of Las Vegas.
5	The coolest place downtown. NOT started by Tony Hsieh and the Downtown Project, but adopted by those folks as home+office while they got things going, and it sure seems like something they would have done.Amazing specialty drinks. Great (dark, moody) atmosphere.
5	Innovative cocktails with a really great happy hour for drinks. The cocktails were 7 dollars each. It did take a bit of time for service but the bartenders were really nice and accommodating.
5	Michael sure knows how to do a bar right. Everything about this place is neat! The decor features lots of deep burgundy, purple, and chocolate colors, cool chairs/couches, candles on the tables, and interesting wall art. The bathrooms have two-way glass that freaks you out at first. The drinks are truly handcrafted masterpieces of liquid awesomeness and, though more expensive than I normally go for, are very "efficient." The bartenders are helpful and knowledgable; I've only ever had an issue with one waitress there being less-than-friendly, and I don't believe she works there anymore (good lookin' out, DCR management!). Some of the most fun you can have here is watching people who've never visited DCR before try to find and get in the front door (tee hee!) Out of all the downtown bars, this one has many fewer wannabe hipsters than most, which is why it's my favorite downtown bar.
4	The service seemed a little slow given the fact that they were not very busy when we were there. The original cocktails are very creative and very tasty. We were disappointed that they no longer have the happy hour food menu that is advertised on their website. Maybe someone should update that!
4	The ambiance, decor, seating, customer base are all very cool. You can work here with a laptop, have interesting conversations with people, or get together for drinks with personal or business friends! The service was a little slow, but the cocktails, when they did finally come out, we're strong and tasty! Their happy hour runs from 4-8pm and cocktails for $7 was a good price! Their 2 for $5 munchies were pretty good - pretzels and honey sesame cashews are the 2 we tried!
4	This place is quite nice but the music can get too loud. The door is hidden. Psst...it's the copper colored one without a handle. Push to enter.
5	Ask for Kevin...he'll do ya right =)
4	Wandered in here looking for a mellow night where we could have drinks and actually hold a conversation with some friends.  It was perfect for that.  The drinks are priced like Strip drinks, but they are admittedly very handmade.  Their seasonal menu didn't hold much appeal for me when we were there, but the drinks all looked like lovingly crafted recipes.  Service was really good, and it never got crowded enough to be uncomfortable.
4	Nice date place with interesting drinks.
4	I came down with a friend as a guest for an event he was signed up for and was excited to check things out. Walk in to a nice greeting and very dark setting, nice for a bar but for a meet and greet a bit strange I would think for an event maybe turn up the lights just a tad.  As far as the bar goes it has great warm inviting seating that invites you to lounge and linger and want to have more specialty drinks.  The bartenders are well versed in all the specialty drinks and can help guide you in choosing the right one for your tastes both of mine were amazing! The people lingering around had a cool hip vibe I imagine that would continue whether during a event or just in general.  I love some of the other spots in the downtown area but I think this may be a top choice for me because of the more lounge vibe it has, way more my style...
3	Went here to meet some friends for happy hour after work.  Ordered one of their specialty drinks, it was good but I see nothing really special about this place.  The decor is kind of cool but for the money they charge for the drinks you can hang out on the strip at a better place.  Also, they no longer serve appetizers which I was looking forward to.  If you must come here, make it during happy hour becuase these drinks aren't worth the full price.  Overall, an ok average place but probably upscale for downtown.
4	Interesting place.  Very dark and quiet.  If you haven't been there before, you'll have a bit of trouble finding the place...and the entrance.  It's located on Las Vegas Blvd., right before Fremont.  The entrance door is actually a big wooden door surrounded by glass,  it is very deceiving.  And it is hilarious to be sitting in the bar and watching people try and find the door.  It's like a mime act.Great place to meet with business partners to discuss matters, or to take a date if you want soft music and a quiet place.  Drinks are a little pricey, that is the only thing keeping this place from receiving 5 stars.
4	Most fun part about this place is finding the entrance.  This place is a cross between an old speakeasy and a carnival funhouse.  I almost fell over when I first entered the bathroom mirror maze....but it was a fun experience.The drinks were good, but all of their drinks were Winter themed at the time I visited.  I would love to see their Spring and Summer menus.  With that said, I was able to lounge on a couch, next to a hidden DJ booth door, and drink out of a brandy snifter.I am not sure if this place was really cool, or kind of creepy...
5	This is my favorite bar in downtown Fremont east, hands down.You enter the door, which is hard to find and often entertaining, and instantly you're at home.  Low candlelight and atmospheric art work glow in the background, and a nice house mix is playing through the speakers.  Plenty of space to sit at tables, or couches, with any amount of privacy you could want for you and your date or friends.The drink menu changes with each season.  I tend to prefer the winter menus, with more whiskeys and warm concoctions.  I wasn't a big fan of the summer menu (too much cucumber).  But no matter the season, you're bound to find something on the menu that fits you.  Each drink is highly priced, but they're all made with care and the finest ingredients so they're well worth it.  I highly recommend the absinthe, served traditionally with cold water dripped over a sugar cube.  They have plenty of brands to chose from, and each is a taste of delight.If you're in a large group, consider ordering one of the old fashioned punch bowls.  It's basically a giant cocktail that everyone can share, with individual glasses and a ladle for all.  It's a conversation piece for sure, and for the price its well worth the amount served.  As with all other cocktails on the menu, the particular punches change with the seasons.  Just stop in to see which is on the menu and ask your server.This is a wonderful place to go for socializing downtown in a high class atmosphere, where you're bound to avoid the screaming drunks of west Fremont.  Also, there is a door guard who is very friendly, and ensures that your evening is a safe and enjoyable one.
5	Dark, intimate and amazing cocktail creations. I love this place!  You know what's crazy?  I don't even recall the type of music that was playing which is very weird since that's the industry I am in...it must have been overpowered by my amazement at the bar.  The bartender who served us was named Jeff, this guy is a rockstar.  The extra time to make these drinks is well worth the wait and he has pro bartending skills and personality.
5	Hands down, my favorite bar in Vegas. The bartenders really know how to make a good cocktail. They have seasonal menus which feature Classic cocktails as well as DCR originals. They usually have something for every palate, from sweet to spicy to bitter to "does this taste like campfire and graham crackers to you?" The bartenders will even throw something together on a whim. The ambiance and music is pretty low key and it's a great spot for a date or just a nice quiet evening out. The front door is sometimes a little hard to find and the bathrooms are a bit interesting but that all adds to the allure of the place.
5	This place is amazing! Very crafted cocktail that taste wonderful. They have a "smash" of whatever type of liquor you like with whatever fruit you like muddled into it with some triple sec for sweetness... I chose strawberries and lemon with vodka and it was so fresh and delicious!
5	The trick to this place is finding how to get in.  There's no hidden door, but for some reason our party and other parties that followed seemed to have a difficult time figuring out how to open the door.  Thankfully, the bouncer witnessed all of our difficulties and opened the door -- guess that beats throwing people out.DCR is in downtown Vegas, so there are plenty of people around, but it's definitely not the type of place one finds on the strip.  This was a cool place to grab a few cocktails before making our way around town, and this was my favorite bar of our trip.  Definitely a hipster vibe.  There's no crazy uptight scene, but the people watching was great, service was fast and friendly, and the drinks were fantastic.  Best of all, they weren't ridiculously overpriced like some clubs on the strip.Definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This is an awesome gem of a place around Freemont Street! The outside of the place is brick and the entry door is hidden, so you may not recognize it with all the lights and noise of downtown. Once you're inside, it's lightly dimmed and chill definitely a place to escape from the craziness of Vegas.The bartender was amazing, he was super attentive and an expert in giving us information on the drinks. I had the watermelon cooler which was delicious! Don't be scared about the ingredients, they have a way of putting together a mixture of flavors and making it amazing.If you're tough enough try the punch bowl.
5	OK, this is when I started to warm up to Vegas.  Got there right at 4pm as soon as they opened around 4 for their happy hour from 4-8.  The entrance was indeed tricky, you just gotta push the door in.  Found that to be a recurring them at this place, some intentional design mischief.  Loved the music, the decor, the vibe to this place.  It was nice to encounter some real hospitality and be shown a little friendliness.  Bartender is a real artist, takes great pride and care in her work, and the cocktail waitress was very considerate and patient with us and all our questions.  Man, them's some strong dranks son!  I had a Hemingway Daiquiri, then a Manhattan with Bulleit Bourbon and then another Manhattan with Bulleit Rye and gotta say, liked the Rye even better, smoother.  So, think for seven drinks, bill came to around 75 bucks and that's one hell of a bargain for the quality and lethality of them R drinks.  Some folks started rolling in, as we were leaving to hit Fremont Street.  Nice to get away from the polish and pace of the strip and check out another area.  Only bad thing was getting ripped off by the cab driver, folks always carry some change with you so that they don't tell you they can't make change for larger bills.  Umm hmm, that's how they get ya.
4	This is a slightly odd review. I really like this place...on weeknights, at happy hour, when it's not catering to the Drunken-Nightclub-Hopping-Touristy crowd. I really hate this place on some random weekend nights, when it seems to be a completely different place. It happened to me once, and I've not been brave enough to try a weekend since. Maybe it's not that bad every time.One of the things I miss most from Chicago are the cocktail bars (Violet Hour, Weegee's), and on some nights of the week, the Downtown fills that niche for me. On others...it's just another OONTSOONTS-DUBSTEP-OONTS filled nightclub that's so packed its impossible to move and so loud its impossible to hear the person next to you. So. Take this review with the grain of salt that particular perspective offers. I would give it 2 stars on it's "Club-lounge" nights, and 5 on it's "actual cocktail room" nights.Pros:- I always get amazing cocktails here, and the bartenders know their stuff. Order off the menu, or tell them what you like and ask them to suggest something, either way, you can't go wrong. They are made with love, and great, fresh ingredients. - On "good" nights, it's a great place to take an old friend who just flew into town, pull up a chair, and catch up over a cocktail (or four). It's quiet enough you can talk, loud enough you aren't overheard by the world, and the staff never gives you the "GTFO" stinkeye.- These cocktails are actually worth $14. The prices are really not that bad for damn good cocktails made out of fancy pants ingredients. It's not the sort of stuff you can say, make at home, without dropping at LEAST $150 on all the necessary bottles. Unless you're ordering a gin and tonic or something, and that just sort of makes you an idiot. Be adventurous and order something with chartreuse.- Atmosphere is cozy and mellow. Sort of like some rich old fella's study. Curl up in a chair with a smoky scotch drink and just say "ahhhh."Cons: - Realizing you came on random nightclub night. Oontz.
4	So it's like a room, and they have cocktails, and it's like located downtown.  Pretty soon, they'll get creative and name a shoe store, The Store on Harmon on the East Side of the Strip Next to the Donut Shop that Sells Shoes.  I'm still trying to figure out THEhotel.  Really?  My sister tells me she's at the hotel, and I'm like what hotel?  She's like, do I have to spell it out?  THEhotel!  And I'm like, what is wrong with your smart phone it capitalized THE.  Now she just thinks I'm mentally challenged, which I am, but stuff like this doesn't help.  Nice, dark, mellow joint with a very small bar area unfortunately, but a bartender who loves his cocktails and bitters and I got to taste a few.  This is what classic cocktail bartending is all about.  Bartenders who take pride in their ingredients and want to share and educate customers.  I was at this stupid Disney bar called Rx Boiler Room where they all dress steam punk and the bartenders are all like Disney animatronic characters serving you drinks like slow robots and walking away on their floor rails like Pirates of the Caribbean?  You get the point.  In fact, I bet you could program one of those pirates to mix your cocktail better AND give you faster, better service.  Unfortunate name.  My friend tells me he's going to take me to downtown cocktail room.  I'm like, what's it called?  He thinks I'm mentally challenged too.
5	My favorite hideaway on east Fremont. It's a great place to relax, once you find the door. Depending on your mood, it's a good spot to begin the night or end it. The craft cocktails are delicious and the staff is knowledgeable. A seasonal menu keeps me coming back. It is dark inside, so watch where you step.
5	Love this bar!  The drinks are always tasty and fun! Still my favorite place down town
3	A nice break from the craziness on Fremont Street!There are always some unique cocktails to be had here, as the bartenders take their time to craft each beverage. A happy hour enhances the experience, as you can choose to go the cheap route or the more pricey hand crafted route.The decor is on the darker side, and the candles add a nice touch. The vibe is laid back and mellow, and you can actually have a conversation without having to yell to be heard.
4	Kind of hidden away, although there is signage on the street. To be honest, I wasn't sure if the door was actually *the door* until someone walked out!Once you step inside, it is a bit dark and moody, but it is fitting of the theme. I sat at the counter during their happy hour. Not a whole lot of people there, so I was able to chit-chat with the bartender as well as the other person sitting at the bar.Since I am not well versed in craft cocktails, I asked for a recommendation. They have seasonal menus and when I mentioned "light, citrus, floral" the bartender perked up his ears and made me the Lavender Lover (lovely?) drink. A blend of gin, creme de violette, mint and lavender. Effervescent and light describes it perfectly.Service was wonderful. I didn't catch the name of the bartender as I had a flight to catch, but he explained the menu in a way I could understand. Also, he mentioned that they use spirits from Las Vegas Distillery. Local liquors is a plus for me!
5	The first thing you encounter when going to this bar is the front door. Of course. BUT, if you are already buzzed/drunk, it can be a funny thing. It is somewhat hidden...or disguised as a wall. So when you first try to open the door, you feel like an idiot pushing on this wall. When you eventually get in, you will notice immediately how swanky this lounge is. There is plenty of seating, however, due to popularity and small size, it is usually not easy finding a place to sit. The bartenders are very good at making drinks based off of requests consisting of flavors followed by the letter y or -ish (example: tropical-y, cucumbery, not too sweetish). This is usually one of my favorite first stops since I don't like stumbling into such a classy place.
5	I absolutely loved this place. Came here after a disappointing experience with at The Lady Silvia and it was perfect. Beautiful room. I hear it can get crowded, but it wasn't bad when my friends and I came and I appreciated that the background noise and music were soft enough to allow for conversation.Perhaps most importantly, the cocktails were fantastic and really creative. The four of us all ordered different things and all were 5-star interesting and 5-star good. The server was really nice, too. It apparently took a while to bring our drinks out. We didn't even notice or complain, but all of a sudden she appeared unprompted at our table to apologize for the delay and serve us a free drink on the house.So far, this is definitely my favorite cocktail bar in Vegas.
4	Great vibe with a rotating cocktail list!Very attentive service staff and there wasn't much of a wait for the drinks at all. Very good impression, I'll have to stop by on all my Vegas trips!
5	This is my favorite place downtown. Actually, it is probably my favorite lounge/bar in Vegas. The vibe is relaxed yet classy. The staff is friendly and unpretentious. The drinks are imaginative and delicious. The only downfall are the prices. The cocktails are generally between $9 and $12 and shots (well, lemon drop shots at least) are $10 a pop. The cocktail list is pretty extensive with some very unique concoctions. My favorite is probably Water of Life - it is basically rum and coconut water with some herbs mixed in. Might as well get some electrolytes while imbibing. The decor is dark and an interesting mix of gothic and contemporary. I love to sit near the window and watch people feel their way around to find the door. The bathrooms are also a trip. They are all mirrors and can prove very confusing once one has imbibed a sufficient amount of alcohol. The stalls are one way mirror and are actually really cool. If you come early enough, you will find comfortable seating and great service.
4	In the words of George Zimmer: You're gonna like the way you look.  I guarantee it.Everything's right about this place. (gawd i love when i get to say that...)The cocktails, the staff, the music, the ambiance, the clientele...I could go on...I'm ok now knowing I wasn't the only one who fumbled my entrance over the door thing...its a speakeasy after all...
5	I love everything about DCR.  I don't drink, so I don't know how the cocktails are, but the vibe and the service is awesome.  I have been here a handful of times.  A couple times they had some live music and a few times they just had a DJ playing mellow jams.  The most recent experience on a Wednesday night was probably the worst I've experienced, but that was simply because some random drunk girl came and sat with us for an hour and told us her life story.  I just wish a security would have seen our discomfort and helped us out a little bit with her but on a Wednesday security is sparse.  The staff is always friendly and extremely helpful in ordering, as far as what I've witnessed with my friends questions and drink orders.  My favorite thing to do is watch people try to get into the door.  If you don't know, you learn! I look forward to introducing more friends to DCR.  It really is a cool spot and I love hanging out there despite the fact that I don't drink.
4	Despite the bartender having made me the wrong drink on my first order I like this place. Relatively quiet early on and a good place to have conversation over great cocktails. All 3 drinks I chose were delicious (even if one wasn't something i had ordered)I'd like to say I originally planned on giving this 3 stars but I've been back a few times since my first experience an it's been spot on every time since.
5	DCR is the best. Great cocktails. Great atmosphere. Even when it's crowded you can still talk to the person next to you. And, you can order food from Uncle Joes next door during happy hour, if not all of the time. I highly enjoy the seasonal drink menu as well. I like being able to get a new drink every time I go in.
4	Checked out DCR for the first time last week before seeing Washed Out at the Beauty Bar.  Thanks to Yelp I was able to actually enter the building while only making a slight fool of myself.   Without this site I probably would have amused the patrons sitting inside for 10-15 minutes instead of the 30 seconds it still took me.   Once inside I had a seat at the bar with my companion and we ordered some fries off the happy hour menu (provided by Uncle Joe's Pizza) and some of the snacks the bar regularly has on hand (wasabi peas and Olives).   Since it was happy hour I decided to try some of their handcrafted original drinks since they're only $7 during HH.   The food showed up before our drinks (more on that later).   The fries were hot, seasoned well and cooked just right.   The Wasabi Peas and Olives tasted as expected but I liked the option of having those as snacks throughout the night.  I was a little disappointed that some of the drinks I'd seen on their website were seemingly not available as they are seasonal, but I settled for what they did have and started with the Irish Rain Barrel.   It was good but not really my thing (I dont like cucumber and it has cucumber in it, so my fault completely on being an idiot).   Next I had Hemingway Daiquiri, which I thought was very well made, strong and delicious.   I let the bartender know how much I enjoyed it and he recommended I try an Aviation.   I'm all about recommendations from professionals (and conversely, am not too fond of recommendations from nearly anyone else), so I tried it and sure enough found it to be very good.  After a while another friend showed up who was on a completely different wavelength that night and I ended up "forced" into a few $5 Jameson shots, which I thought was a fair price.  About the wait:  the bartender when we first arrived seemed a bit overwhelmed with the drink orders he had and was receiving and it did take a long time for him to make our 1st round of drinks (probably 10+ minutes).   He seemed very apologetic and it was clear that he was busy the entire time and not just playing Candy Crush Saga on his phone, so it didn't really bother me too much.   Had I stopped in just for a quick drink though and not planned to spend an hour+ there, I dont think I would have found it a 4-star experience.   Outside of that, I found the service to be extremely friendly and helpful and the drinks fairly priced and strong.
2	Here is the thing the drinks are good, but maybe I am just old or out dated, but why does every bar have to blast some loud crappy music.  You aren't a club, you are a bar.  I like to go to bar, have a drink and talk to the people I am with, not going to happen at Downtown Cocktail Room.  My drink was good, but I only had one and left.  I have worked downtown for over 6 years, you used to be able to go to bars and have a happy hour or meet friends and talk, now they blast music like nightclubs.  If you own a bar, be a bar, turn that shit down and I will stay and spend more money on your alcohol.
5	I've gone to the Downtown Cocktail Room twice now and part of what makes me enjoy my time there is how sociable and knowledgeable the bartenders are here. Since they aren't stuck serving the same drinks as every other place, they definitely put a lot of pride in what they make.Now the prices here are certainly higher than some dive bar, but they're also pretty reasonable for a specialty drink. They use some interesting flavor extracts as well as more exotic ingredients (jamica??) to both compose and accompany the drinks. Additionally, the place itself has an interesting vibe to it that you don't get in a lot of other places.Come here for the drinks though. I can't even begin to describe the list, and it changes seasonally anyways.
4	Great local's spot for cool and interesting cocktails, and it's the perfect way to leave the madness of "The Fremont Street Experience" behind.  Plus, happy hour meant the drinks were only $7 each - woo hoo!  I had the Pumpkin Spice cocktail - a delicious bourbon beverage, and it was ridiculously good. My entire party were all raving about how tasty all their different cocktails were, also.Final thought - PUSH the front door (which is located to the side) to get in, otherwise everyone inside will mock you. :)
5	Once you figure out how to get in, you're in for a treat. It's only 1/2 a block from the madness of Fremont street, and it serves the best cocktails in Vegas.  At happy hour, they're only $7, so come in and try a whole bunch. The staff is knowledgeable and very friendly. They'll take the time to explain the drinks and the unusual ingredients. (byrhh??? Try and find that at a liquor store.)A great place to relax, try something you've never seen before, and take a break from the craziness.Don't miss it.
5	I'm the first to admit that when it comes to Vegas, I usually just rely on the tried and true tourist locations. Confession: I've even eaten at Margaritaville, once. OK fine, several times. But I'm trying to improve my ways and get to know the parts of Vegas that the locals frequent. My tour guide Drew A suggested this fantastic, dim little spot downtown where we could get reasonably priced (well, reasonable for Vegas) and beautiful cocktails. I hesitate to say craft cocktails or mixology or any of those other terms that are thrown around too often lately, but at its core these drinks are truly artisan, with interesting ingredients, no overly sweet fillers, and passionate bartenders creating each one. The drinks on the cocktail menu range from $9 to $11, and for about $55, 4-6 people can enjoy one of their punch bowls. Definitely something I'm going to suggest the next time I'm in town with a group! I'm a big fan of a place that doesn't feel the need to be overly flashy or gimmicky in a city that might be considered one of the flashiest in the world. Props to you guys  - keep up the good work!
4	I've been here a couple of times now and have enjoyed both experiences. This is a sort of hidden bar downtown. It's small, it's dark and they make specialty cocktails that take like 10 mins (totally exaggerating) to make and require a ton of ingredients.It's a great place to start an evening out at. The cocktails I have tried have all been good. And compared to the strip, the price is great. Like fancy drinks for less than $20. Whaaa?!?! The bartenders take the time to explain and recommend cocktails, and they seem to take pride in what they do. It's cool.Oh, and I love the women's restroom. One-sided mirrors, so when you're sitting on the John you can watch the girls outside of your stall adjusting their hair and make-up. Haha... it's funny.
5	Always a great time.. There needs to be more places like this bar. Others take notice and see what your doing wrong...
5	The Downtown Dill is my favorite cocktail! This place is the most amazingly chill cocktail bar I've ever had the pleasure of being to. They have a number of great cocktails for you to expand your tastes with. I've never had a bad drink at DCR and I've pretty much tried most of the menu. The bartenders are also extremely friendly and personable!
4	This place doesn't disappoint. It feels exactly like a downtown cocktail room, with lipstick red walls, and mildly alarming abstract art. The crowd is young drawn by the DJ spinning tunes.Try the Carciofo Swizzle - it is essentially a full fledged Italian dessert in a glass.
5	The 5 star rating is not only based on this bar being comfortable and interesting but our bartender was maybe the best one I have met in Vegas. Kevin is incredibly knowledgable when it comes to specialty drinks and indulged our curiosity more than he needed to. Hands down one of the most informed Absinthe bartender in the US. He made this experience perfect.
2	Wow, total let down!This place used to be happening, hip and the place to be.  Now, it was just mediocre.  You would think in Las Vegas you would get superior service, a knowledgable staff and great drinks; but no.  The cocktail server was disheveled and completely unknowledgeable.  The menu is intriguing with so many fun, unique drinks to try; but this girl was lost and knew nothing!  She mixed up our drinks, took forever to come around and was shy and timid.  She kept making excuses and appeared annoyed.  I couldn't stop thinking how she was unorganized and lazy.  This was so apparent in her dress and the way she portrays herself, with her glasses hanging off her nose.  ITS VEGAS!!!  Who hires some timid messy person to slang drinks?  Seriously, I was completely let down.   As for the food, I did not expect typical bar food; but at least they had something.  Its really not outstanding and just regular fried crap, nothing healthy to choose from.  There was no DJ and the music really lacked.  I've been here years ago and it really was the place to be. Now, with all the new development downtown this place can't keep up.  Its sad.
4	Good luck finding the entrance.I always take first timers here and get a good laugh if they can't find the entrance. It's not that hard. It's to your left.Enough about the hidden door. This place is more about the drinks. They change their menu seasonally. But it's always a nice touch and makes me want to come back even more. Drinks are about $10-15. But who cares about the drinks? Get a punch bowl. $45-55. Enough for 4 people, or 2.The ambiance is super trendy. Never been here just wearing a t-shirt. I would feel left out. Weekends are always busy, so expect your drinks to take a while. There's always a DJ spinnin' some tracks. Bottom line: good place for hang outs, drinks, maybe music. And when you're peeing, expect to watch people.
1	First, the place was dead. As in not a soul in sight other than some burnout sitting at the bar. Secondly, our waitress was a complete and utter jerk and that's as lightly as I can put it.Thirdly, put a door handle on the front door so people don't stand there trying to figure out how to get in the bar you dimwits.
4	Dark, intimate, legit drinks without the snippy attitude. Happy hour is awesome...drink it up!
5	@DowntownLV bitters & syrups are made in house :-)  Waitstaff that is extremely knowledgeable about the cocktails :-)Featured cocktails that are unique and interesting with often surprising and sublime characteristics :-)Dark and intimate atmosphere befitting a cocktail lounge :-)Drunk girl passed out in the bathroom...it is Vegas after all :-/The Downtown Cocktail Room @FremontBars is a real gem.
5	This place is the spot! i love the ambiance, music, bartenders, and the overall hole in the wall feel of the place. It is tucked away in the DTLV scene which means that I can tell many folks in the area probably like it that way.The music is purely down tempo/house which is my cup of tea...or bourbon. =]I will definitely keep coming back as a new LV resident.
1	My $175 leather jacket was stolen here last night off of my chair literally next to me as we were taking a picture. Management was no help and made no offer to cover my loss.    I would never expect that in a place that charges $15-20 for drinks. DTCR is sketchy, keep your belongings close to you or they might walk away.
1	This place sucks.First off, we couldn't find the damn door. That was kinda funny tho. Atmosphere was dark and gloomy. Going to the bathrooms there were no lighting, I couldn't see the toilet! They didn't have any seat covers either!We asked for a sweet cocktail-- we got the Tippy Toe. It was NOT sweet at all. Pretty nasty. My friends got a Pear beer that was pretty good. The cocktail waitress were very friendly though. Overall, probably won't be returning.
1	Definitely NOT the place for me!We couldn't find the door! Which was pretty funny, the security guy helped and laughed with us.Really dark, small place..Our waitress was really nice and seemed like she knew the popular drinks.We asked for something sweet, she suggested a Tippy Toe--- Horrifyingly NOT sweet. Every sip had a gag to follow..A couple of our guy friends had an Ace Pear Cider which was really good.I don't know if a return is in the near future... Again, just wasn't the place for me.
5	This is the genesis of Downtown Las Vegas's revival and hipster buildout.   Michael Corthwaite the owner, was the visionary on Fremont east district and started the bar scene there. Great news is he has created an old fashion cocktail joint, with plush chairs, large group sitting areas and a happening little bar, its a small intimate place, but its perfect.  Perfect for drinks!  Its a cocktail room, get some!   Its delish, they know how to do some fancy cocktails there.  Warning: Watch the door, its a trick, can you figure it out?  Speak easy and drink easy downtown!  5 STAR STUFF
4	Been wanting to try this place for a long time . . . however . . . even reading  the clues on how to open the door to enter so you don't look foolish . . . still didn't work, but still got in.This place was everything other before me have posted . . . great ambience . . . great music . . . unbelievable drinks . . . it was definitely one of the highlights of our evening.But then why only 4 stars . . . well . . . the place was semi busy, but with only one mixologist . . . it took way to long to get our drinks . . . but definitely on my list of returns spots.
4	pretty chill environment with some great mixed drinks.  try the Caveman.  You'll either love it or hate it.  Pretty fun place to find if you're downtown and wandering off Fremont St.
5	When the sun sets in Las Vegas and you find yourself downtown fancying a cocktail, DCR is the only way to go. Between the dim lights, dark furniture and hidden door to get in the place, DCR reminds me of what Las Vegas would have been like in the yesteryears. Like 70's-80's Vegas when Sinatra and the gang would do gigs at the Sands and then after head to a place like this. However what really sets this place apart from all the other trendy downtown bars is they serve Absinthe and know how to properly prepare it. The cocktail servers know to ask the right questions when you request some of the green stuff. And if your knew to it, they all do a great job explaining the differences between each one and the different preparations. It's these little details that earn the full Yelp five star rating.
5	One of the best bars downtown has to offer!
5	Love this place! Dark and cozy with good music, wait staff is always pleasant.It's hard to rate this place on only the drinks, they are always so different with them having seasonal menus and the drinks being very different. I've had a few I have loved, and even more that I hated... One even tasted like spiked refried beans.. bleh! When that happens, they are more than willing to make something else. They do have numbers near the names that tells you how extreme or adventurous, so to speak, the drink is.Aside from their seasonal hand crafted cocktails that have a list of different liquors and beers they offer, so there is always something for everyone!
5	This place is amazing. I like to come on nights that it isn't so busy. It is so much fun to watch one of the guys make a drink, because they are so elaborate; it's like watching a free show and having front row seats! The bartenders are super cool, super friendly and know how to make great drinks! I don't really like to hang out in the lounge area, so I can't speak to that experience. So yeah, if you come on a weekday, pull yourself up to the bar, and expect a great experience.
5	Downtown is always a must when on Fremont. The upscale feel, original drink concoctions, best staff, and the how do I get in here door separate this place from the rest. Do yourself a favor and order a punch bowl, the celebration punch (winter menu) is the best! Two options: small or large ranging from $54-104 but with enough people it comes down to maybe $10 a person and a priceless buzz! The small serves around 6-8 people generously and the large 10-15, sorry 9th person. The main bar tender I always see is Jeff (ponytail, can't miss him) He's so friendly and takes pride in his art. I ordered a drink and he asked if I liked it, I said I didn't, my fault for not likening Guinness or tequila yet ordering it anyway, he remade the drink for me at no additional cost and was focused on every guest's experience. Also, Leeza is a great hostess! Tip her well! Live DJ plays Wednesday thru Saturday. If you want an idea of the chill music, look up plej pandora station and enjoy!
5	Went for an event "creatives & cocktails" first the bouncer was such a joy, friendly, helpful and just made my night. Second the bar is small, but cool. Reminds me of a cool Los Angeles hip dive. Everyone was friendly and prompt, will come back.
4	Cool little hidden gem close to Fremont street. Tricky to get into, when facing the entry walk to your left and push on that metal thing.  Yup. That is the door. Looked empty from the outside, but there were a few couples inside and people at the bar. Very friendly bartender and waitress. Their drinks are complex and expensive, but worth it. There are numbers next to each drinks that describes it's complexity. I only got to about a 2.5. They have a drink with cheese in it that is a 4.5 so I wouldn't say I am too unadventurous.I had the Peruvian Starfish which was brandy, muddled blackberries, saffron and something else. It was very rich and complex. I was sad when it was over. It was probably the best drink I have had in a very long time. My husband ordered the Gin Fizz and it was also really yummy. This is most definitely a date spot. There is a very sexy vibe going on in here. This combined with a few drinks could lead to a real fun time. Haha!
5	There are craft cocktail bars and then there are those that truly make it a craft.Yes, the Downtown Cocktail Room can make the classics and they have their own unique creations but the real magic happens in the fact that they make all of the bitters. The bartenders work as a team so that nothing is just somebody's pet project but everything is vetted to perfection. And it shows.This place embodies downtown Las Vegas. Outside, you'd swear it was an abandoned building and you're not entirely sure why the city doesn't do something about this block. Inside, you're treated to a simply decorated bar that insulates your from the outside in every way and takes you back in time.
5	The Death in the Garden is the witch's knees, which is something I just made up to denote extreme tastiness.
5	The BEST music in the city. Yes, we have a lot of mega clubs in Las Vegas and I have only heard the best music in town here. On my birthday, one of the guest DJs was from Japan who flew in just to play at this bar. WHat a treat! This is my joint! Heaven on the strip. Downtown vegas on Fremont Street Experience.
5	Wow, this place was great. I make it my mission to do "deep research" to find just the right place to suit my needs when out of town, and this place nailed it.Great atmosphere (amazing DJ and I don't even know about that kind of "thing"), great cocktails (I was drinking Patron NorCal Margaritas (look em up) for $11 each and they were strong, I tell you.), and great service. The waitresses (we had two since we were there for a while), were the perfect amount of attentive and engaging. Even the bouncer was a friendly chap. This place is a hole in the wall hidden gem. It's comforting to know that places like this exist in an era of yelp and overpricedness. (Pronounced oh-ver-PRICE-ed-ness.)
4	Great atmosphere and drinks are unique. I love to pre-game at the Downtown Cocktail lounge. It atmosphere is very chill and drink are pretty good. The music played by the DJ could range from electronica to Trip hop. The servers and bartenders are very friendly. You should definitely try out their Absinthe drinks. They're pretty good.
3	I can't give DCR a rave review, mostly because I don't think our visit was representative of the place as a whole.  After losing out on the Book of Mormon lottery at the Smith Center, we decided to go to the downtown area for Happy Hour.  It was Tuesday, so our options were limited, since a number of bars are dark Mondays and Tuesdays.  We couldn't figure out how to get inside; DCR was dark and looked closed, but a waitress going in opened the door for us.  I learned later that it billed itself as a speakeasy, and I can understand why.Inside is a comfy and attractive dark lounge that was nearly empty.  We sat at the surprisingly small bar, and the bartender, was very helpful, describing each drink on the menu.  Based on his description I ordered an Aqua Boogie and liked it.  Hubs had a beer.  We were disappointed that they didn't have the kind of HH food menu that we're used to at other places, just a few items that they get from Uncle Joe's(?) pizza around the corner.  We had chicken fingers, which were very good, but they wouldn't have been our choice if it had been a real menu.  The full impact - and I do mean impact - of the speakeasy vibe happened when we left:  I walked head first into the glass wall right next to the door.  I thought that glass wall was the door, but nooooo!  A waitress was very quick to bring me an ice pack for my aching forehead.  I'm writing this five days later, and still have a nasty and painful egg.  And I only had one drink!
4	A friend of mine Lenny Co DJs Thursday night play all different type of music! The drinks here are amazing all the drinks are made from scratch so they make their own sweet and sour etc. They also have a number system on the menu that lets you know how strong the drunks will be! I didn't get a picture of the fireball shot but they're really good they taste like Red Hots
4	this place is dope.  Awesome hangout for those that love deep house and well balanced cocktails. the atmosphere is simple--- dim, warehouse-y, feel with simple furniture.  I didn't try any fancy cocktails, but from the looks of the menu they have some great ones for a decent price 8-10$.  I had a couple manhattans (great) and an old fashioned (ok).  The service was so- so, took our waitress a little bit to circle around, but I was so content with the music it didn't bother me.  If they had a dancefloor this place would be perfect!
4	Leine's for $5, great deep house & a hella chill environment to kick it & drink. A little chilli though lol
5	This place is fantastic. Great vibe. Ambiance is dialed in. Great place to start the night on Fremont St.
4	You know I've been hear a bunch of times and I gotta say i really do like it.  From the outside its this non discript brick wall with a tiny neon sign that reads "Downtown"...    Now moving to the front door...    if you dont know that the door is there...    it has a kind of "Speak Easy" vibe.     Once you find the door (and realize that people inside can see you looking for the door...   Funny)    you enter a very cool and surprising ultra lounge...    DJ in the corner... cool seating options with high top tables, a cool bar and plebty of low couches that you and your group can hang at for the night.     Now drinks....    Usually this happens...   Everyone orders whatever drink...    or a bottle of somthing...    and you go on with life...      Well do yourself a favor and get the "punch Bowl"    4 people get the small one...   more people get the large.   Its exactly  what it sounds like...    a bowl of (very tasty but really strong) punch...    like you would find at a high school dance in the 50's...      Fun.    Drop the ladle in and have fun with it...    not only is it a fun way to get tipsy with friends but it ads to the conversation.   Ok somthing that not many people would talk about or even care about...    but the restrooms...     all the stalls are full length mirrors...     you can see you but others cant see in...    I hope you dont get stage fright...    yet another thing to have fun with...     well at least i thought so....   after a punch bowl or two.   I just wish the music wasnt quite as loud...    hard to have conversation...    but thats a small thing...     Fun place
1	Came here last night with a couple of girlfriends. just bar hopping and I saw this place and remembered it had great reviews on yelp:) I was excited to try it out although my older sister said the cocktails were really just ok. I wanted to try it out myself. Loved the layout and the whole feel to the place. Music was loud, dim lights, bathrooms were clean.I'm going to try to keep this short because i could go into every little detail. I got an extra extra dirty martini. My friend got some watermelon cucumber martini. There were 4 of us.  Before I could tell him, I want ketel one Robert walked away. My girlfriends did not like his attitude with us so decided not to order. he was really impatient and giving us attitude when we were looking over the menu.  I'm so oblivious to people sometimes lol but hey I just wanted to have a good night.  They were busy, but nothing crazy. My friends wanted to go to another place, so I walked up to him on the other side of the bar and yelled Sir  I'm sorry I was just wondering if our drinks were started. Robert then seemed really annoyed and said yes. Then rolled his eyes. I was definitely taken back and found it extremely rude. Of course we took the drinks, but i didn't see anything wrong with canceling them if he hadn't started making them. I honestly don't know if it was because the way we were dressed or how we spoke to him. I felt like he looked down on us. Maybe he didn't think we would tip or spend a lot of money. I have no clue. He was really nice to other people sitting at the bar, but treated us differently.  anyways Watermelon cucumber was pretty good, but mine was Not extra extra dirty. It was actually pretty gross, but I was already upset with the service. I just wanted to leave. I took a few sips and left. I ended up tipping but honestly i wish I wouldn't have. I serve and I hate leaving a bad tip even if  the service was shitty.  But he did it for me. There are better cocktails at Martini bar oh and you won't be treated like shit either.
5	I plan vacations to Las Vegas around my ability to come to Downtown.  This place is a welcome respite from the typical Vegas scene, and for out of towners, a place to interact with "real" people in a totally non-touristy and non-fake environment.Not to mention the drinks are among the most innovative and well done that you can get anywhere in the country.  The staff clearly put extensive amounts of time and research into seasonally creating their menu and collaborating to put together a lineup of drinks they all stand behind and have made their own.  This kind of attention to detail and personal touch is something hard to find in Vegas, or anywhere else for that matter.Kevin and Jeff have served me all of the times I've been there, and have been nothing short of outstanding.  Kevin spent an hour one night on a slow weekday talking about the history of absinthe and how it came to be.  Jeff has spent ample time discussing how they create their menu, the various forms of spirits they carry, including the local distillery they feature.  Not at all pretentious, very personable, and clearly very invested in what they do.  I've ordered many times off the menu from both of them, and the care they put in to taking the idea I give them and putting out a top quality drink is extraordinary.  Frankly, the look of concern on their face every time they hand me a drink is a show of just how much they want to get it right.  To date, they haven't missed once on creating exactly what I asked for and executing it flawlessly.I would strongly recommend coming here if you're a local, a tourist, a conventioneer, or whatever reason you have to be in Las Vegas.  If you're looking for a top of the line cocktail, in a relaxing and intimate setting away from the headache of the Strip or other Downtown bar settings, this is the place for you.  I've run into many a different kind of person here, from 20-something locals, to bartenders from other Downtown restaurants having drinks after work, to tourists, business people, and all were treated with the same level of respect and friendliness and respect, no matter how they appeared on the surface.  A top quality Vegas nightlife spot that doesn't judge you the minute you walk in the door based on what you're wearing and who you're with - a diamond in the rough for sure.I wish I didn't like 3,000 miles away from here, or I'd be in every weekend.  I won't tell you how to open the front door, that's for you to find out.  :)
5	Great spot!!!!  I was shocked this was downtown, Ill be back here for certain.  Prices were a little steep but the cocktails were the best on the street
5	I have been here twice and both times, the drinks and service were very good. Last night the bartenders went above and beyond, not just for my friend and I, but every patron that came up to the bar. The music was just the right volume where we could talk, but enjoy it and the doorman was smiling and very personable, unlike a lot of doorman you find at most places downtown! We will definitely be back.
4	Friends in town, time to show them the new and improved Downtown!  So a must go to is the Downtown Cocktail room.After figuring out the door after a couple of cocktails, I am reminded of the relaxing indoor environment.  Greeted by a fabulous waitress and told about the intricacy of the specialty drinks being made.  We viewed the yumminess waiting around the corner.The drink menu is constantly changing and ever evolving they do have some of the old favorites on standby but if you come here don't go with your old standby plea try the specialties.  They Are Amazing!I had one called the Redeemer sadly I forgot to write what was in it,  I know it had Brazilian Rum Lemon and something cucumber.  It was a light slightly sweet very refreshing drink so much so we stayed for another and 3 out of 4 people ordered my drink! A new/old go to for visitors and/or a drink while walking around!
4	Great cocktails. Some of the best in Vegas.
5	If I had to choose a favorite bar in downtown Vegas, DCR would be it. Unique cocktails that you won't find anywhere else which change often with a few favorites available, Absinthe drinks, some craft beers, and your standard well drinks. The entrance is hard to find. It's funny to see people who have never been here figure out how to enter, cool bathrooms where it gives the illusion people can see you on the toilet (they can't, I've tested it out with my friend), a small, intimate, sexy, dark lounge atmosphere with a DJ usually playing house music. It's a good spot for locals and your out-of-town friends.Tip: Bring a jacket. It's always cold here!
5	I love this place! They have an awsome hand crafted drink menu, which changes with the season. The drinks are very unique, and they also make unique ingredients, like herb infused bar syrup. The bar tenders are dressed in vests which is very classy. The service is excellent!
4	This place is truly so cool. It's usually got dim lighting that gives it this sort of hole in the wall feel. Some of the best cocktails I've ever tried, with the most creative combinations and flavor additions like jalapenos, lavendar, ginger, and pomegranate.It's not as pleasant when it's packed, which it sometimes is, but I still give it 4 stars.Definitely try the absinthe served in the traditional. Can't go wrong with that, but watch yourself! It's very strong and very sneaky. If they open the side seats and booths, grab one quickly because they fill up fast. It's definitely a nice change of pace from the madness that is Freemont. One of the only problems is that the women's bathroom is comprised almost completely of mirrored glass, and there's no lights in the stall. We all know what happens when drunk girls use the facilities. And in the dark? Ah forget about it. Pee pee and toilet paper everywhere. Even so, this is still a diamond in the rough.
5	Delicious cocktails.  Chill environment.  Great service.  Clean venue.Came here on a Wednesday night after a friend came into town from LA.  The door is not that tricky to find if you have any common sense (if you don't, it will make for a funny sight for those inside).The menu contains a list of great cocktails and beers.  I tried the Summer Sazzy and the girls had The Links.  Overall the drinks were a bit strong, but they tasted great! The bartender was very nice and showed passion in creating the drinks.There was a live DJ playing super chill deep house (my favorite) which flowed perfectly with the environment.Overall this place gets 5 stars and I will for sure be going back again in the near future.Cheers!
5	On a night out on the town we began with this distinguished hole in the wall.  The door to Downtown has no handle and is seemingly disguised as an iron wall.  If that doesn't hint speakeasy than I don't know what one is?!  As you venture inside it is not a large venue yet they space it out fine enough.  Dim with a few nooks to intimitize your evening.  We sat at the bar.  Here you can appreciate the craftmanship of the barmen as they add spice, herb & essence with a healthy portion of heft to your specialty cocktail.  The decor is brooding and hip.  There are, at times, dj's playing usually electro house or ambient.  I have not witnessed any pop or hiphop here so it is definitely geared toward a mature late 20's and above crowd.  You find vintage and eclectic drinks here and don't expect to get a real bargain, but you do get what you pay for.  Absinthe in many varieties, refined spirits and a plethora of garnishes.  These bartenders can make you almost any drink and if they can't it isn't available in the city.
5	I am in love with the Downtown Cocktail Room.  There is an ambiance here I've never found in Vegas or anywhere else.  This place is sexy, the drinks are works of art, these aren't bartenders, they're mixologists with voodoo. Something to keep in mind, it's quiet and intimate early but as the night goes on it gets loud and busy fast.   I'm impressed there's an absinthe menu, the regular menu is spectacular, and the staff is great at making suggestions based on a couple questions.  I got the starry night, and it was so good I wasn't sure where to go from there.  I was brought a lavender lover, which is now my favorite drink.  If I ever attempt to seduce someone, I'll start here.
3	Great venue. Many cigar sites rate this as a top cigar bar, but they don't allow cigar smoking. :\
4	Very cool lounge that is an excellent, non-tourist, find just off Fremont St. I went on a Tuesday night and the DJ was playing very good and proper house music. It's low key here with a small dance floor but no one was dancing. Oh, the nosh items are not that good. Seems like they buy their olives from 7-11 they weren't good....the almonds could have also been from7-11. Drinks are good and the music is great!
4	Chill atmosphere, very dark,nice bartenders. They serve absinthe and a host of other unique and delicious cocktails. My favorite is the Downtown Dill--not on the menu anymore but they still serve it. Like a sweet dill tomatoey martini. Amazing.
5	Sometimes I get the notion that the real things in Las Vegas stand out so vividly in my mind based solely on their radical departure from the mediocre, flashy, corporate food and drink that dominates the Strip. But you know what, A bar like DCR could stand its own anywhere. Because the drinks here are legit. I am not a fan of pretense, but I am a fan of a well-made cocktail. And well-made cocktails abound here. Creative concoctions that range from classics to bar-specialties. Served up in well-balanced mixtures from proper glassware in a swank setting. There's not a lot to say other than that if you want some truly great cocktails in a stepped up environment that's free from the ultra-flash of the fancy clubs, DCR is your place. Craft-cocktails for discerning palates. And a punchbowl option for groups!
4	Service was great, went here for a birthday event last weekend and it was quite the experience. The bathrooms are defiantly different and very amusing. Very dark place with loud music. Great environment and had a great time. Will be going back!
2	The reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is for the amount of smoke that's in this joint!! Yuk! I'm sorry, but this is the 2014. Either don't allow people to smoke in your joint, or only allow e-cigs. Smoking USED to be cool, key word, USED. I love imbibing, and this place definitely has a cocktail menu that would tickle anyone's fancy. I also love that they have seasonal drinks on their menu as well. Oh and the snack mixes! Love that they have snack mixes on the menu too! This place also plays deep house, vibe house music! I love it, sooo great for cocktail lounges. Would have spent a lot more money here, and would suggest to hit this place up more often. Unfortunately, I like my lungs, and my lungs are extremely sensitive to smoke. I came home and was sick the next morning from being here .
