2	Expensive. I was charged close to ten bucks for a bean burrito and a carne asada. Really? Taco Bell is next door!The food was just okay. Very skimpy with the meat, and it felt like I was eating plain tortilla.Heads up - drive through takes a minute. It's fresh though. Don't think I'd be back.
4	So normally I don't go for Filly-B's if I'm sober, but it looked so damn appealing on our way to Vegas last week. Compared to BK, McD's, and the Yum! Brand chains, Filiberto's was the lesser of those evils.It was relatively clean, cheap as always, and pretty tasty for road food. We were going to eat at Taco Bell (best choice in Wickenburg for vegetarian), but I'm glad we crossed the parking lot to Filiberto's. I prefer real sour cream versus the stuff shot out from a gun. Pico de gallo! And the tortillas are so much better than those plasticky discs. Decent red and green salsa.We'll stop here again on our next Vegas trip.
1	This is an accumulative review. Based on 50 years of dining hell at Filiberto's. Not really 50, but with the amount of internal distress and subsequent can time I've put in due to this place it sure feels that way.My worst experience: Picture if you will; driving to Cali for a fun-filled week at the beach and cool ocean waves. We stopped for gas, and decided that some Fili's would be a good idea. False. My gf does not eat beef or pork. She ordered a Chicken quesadilla. Got an intestine filled quesadilla. She took two bites and had the look of complete and total disgust. She opened the quesadilla, I head an audible stomach turn, and the words, "WHAT.THE.FUCK." come from her mouth. I looked at the quesadilla sitting in her lap, and cringed as I debated whether to tell her what it was, or not. She asks, "What is it?" I said, "You don't want to know." as I removed it from her lap and jettisoned it out of the window driving down the 60 out of Wickenburg. She insisted on knowing, and I told her that it was pig intestine.  Then it was my turn. I took a bite of my Adobado burrito while she took a bite of the quesadilla. I then opened my burrito and found more pig intestine. Jettisoned the burrito, also. Glad we could help out the coyotes of Arizona. Still craving Mexican, we were forced to wait until Indio. Went to the website to leave a review, and it didn't work. Called the office to get an email address and you would think I was trying to contact The President. Told she was "Vacationing in California." ME TOO! They have email, in California, also, FYI. Wrote an email to the owner and no response. There really is no "best" experience at Filly's. Just not going to ever happen. Or maybe I'm jaded after that one.
5	We stop at this Filibertos at least once a month, sometimes more. The Country Burrito for breakfast is great: diced potatoes, eggs, and cheese. The Chili Rellano Burrito for lunch or dinner is another good choice: mild Anaheim chili filled with cheese, with guacamole inside the tortilla. Fish tacos have deep fried fish, but they still are good, we also like the chicken enchiladas, although the enchilada sauce is not memorable. The staff is willing to make substitutions, example: the Texas burrito comes with French fries inside, but will put diced potatoes instead. This will continue as a regular stop as we pass through Wickenburg.
5	Good service, good Mex fast food. Hubby got a carne asada burrito, a veggie for me. They were HUGE! There was a lot of meat in my hubby's which makes it worth the $. My veggie was fresh and crispy. The people watching is good here, as this place is attached to a gas station.
1	Terrible food, ended up throwing it out and buying snacks in the store next door. Rolled tacos looked store bought, cheese wasn't even melted on the food.
4	On my way to Kingman, I dropped by to get a breakfast burrito. Now when the wife and I go to Cali early in the morning, Our ritual is to pick up a breakfast burrito on the way out. I usually order the steak and egg burrito while my wife always order their country burrito. Their country burrito consist of potato's, eggs, and cheese. Well I decided to order the country burrito with a twist. I asked them to add chili verde. They were more then happy to do that for me.Filiberto's is conveniently located in the same building with the Shell mini-mart. So you can go next door and get what you need and come back for your food. Everything was easy and convient, got in and got out very quickly. And the Burrito? It was great!!
1	Ask for no cheese on one thing, no guacamole on another, third person ordered a breakfast burrito with no changes. Girlfriend is lactose intolerant. She asked four times to make sure there was no cheese on her food. We get back and there is cheese on her food and guacamole on mine. She has to drive back and change it out because of her allergy. All three of us feel sick 5 hours later.
5	Great mexican food.  A lot of times, we prefer Filibertos over some of the other mexican restaurants in town.  The staff have great pride in their food and it shows.  The salsa and radishes are always available.
