1	Food is over priced and the wattress didn't understand english, will probably not go there again.  I give this Restuartant 6 months
1	Horrible food (the most dry taco I have ever eaten and the enchilada was very chewy) and awful service, not to mention a giant cockroach walked right past us  to nibble on a piece of meat on the floor.  They didnt get our order right and we ended up having to eat it anyway because the waiter never came back to the table, then we had to look for him to pay the bill and then again to get our credit card back.  When we showed the manager the giant cockroach he just picked it up with a napkin and didnt even offer an apology.  I give them 6 months at most and then they will be out of business.
2	We were sorely disappointed with this restaurant and will not be back!  The enchilada sauce tasted just like the can it came out of!  The burrito was a sad piece of soggy tortilla with a skimpy amount of beans and cheese.  The cheese enchiladas were okay but again the sauce was not authentic and not good!  The chips came in a hot dog dish without even a piece of wax paper between them and the basket.  The table wasn't clean when we got there and when I asked for the last patron's remnants to be wiped off, the person who seated us came back with a napkin which of course did not sufficiently clean the table.  And who, in this day and age, charges for refills?  A restaurant that does not expect repeat business, that's who!  The only reason we are giving them a second star is because the live mariachi band was indeed entertaining and our server was attentive.  The food... forget it!
1	The worst dining experience of my life. The wait staff was god awful. I'll never come back unless I plan on wasting 2 hours of my life waiting for mediocre frozen enchiladas. This place fucking blows.
2	Was hoping for a decent Mexican restaurant in South Chandler but instead got a Mexican Denny's. Lots of sloppy food with no taste and a bit overpriced. Do have a nice patio and drinks were OK if that's all your looking for.  Too bad doubt it will last very long. Take your money elsewhere.
3	While there were some cleanliness issues, we enjoyed our food.  Its interesting to read people complain  that the restaurant is not "Mexican" enough-that its too Tex Mex.  Well then, you've got a problem because that's most of the Mexican restaurants in Chandler and the area.  Actually, this restaurant had a much more extensive menu than many other restaurants-they have quite a few seafood and shrimp dishes.I had the Chicken Mole Enchiladas which is not typically found at other Mexican restaurants.  It was pretty good and it was a good size portion.  I have had better chips and they certainly could be more generous with them and I do like getting a both a mild and spicy salsa.
1	Surroundings were very festive, but the music was blaring. I ordered one shredded beef taco with rice & beans, my friend ordered a cheese enchilada. I was served a hamburger taco in a pre-made taco shell (the kind out of a box) with the smallest serving of rice & beans I have ever gotten at a Mexican restaurant. My friend was served the same exact thing. She did not send hers back, but I did (If I am going to eat a hamburger taco, I will make it at home, NOT pay $9.95!). I could swear the waiter rolled his eyes as he picked up my plate. I will never go back here again, and I usually will give a place a second shot. Do yourself a favor, if you want a delicious Mexican food meal, go to Nando's or Manuel's!
5	This restaurant is gorgeous.  It shines, and everything was perfect.  The food was great, the Margaritas were huge, just like we wanted!  The servers were wonderful and very welcoming.  The manager came over to introduce himself and to make sure we got everything just the way it was ordered.  I've even taken out orders from here.  I can't complain about anything.  All restaurants have learning to do about the new area and clientele.  I hope this restaurant is around forever.  It is very inviting.
1	I wish I read the reviews before trying this restaurant! We ventured to the Fulton Ranch Promenade to try this Mexican Restaurant. We never had a chance to try the other restaurants in the same location that seem to stay open less than a year.My husband and I ordered water with lemons and were disappointed to see that his lemon slice had a large black spot on it, and my lemon slice had several brown spots on them. Yuck, I don't want to squeeze that into my water. Why would you serve this to a customer?Our server spoke less than five words to us. We understand English is not her primary language. However, she could have been cheerful and welcoming towards us, especially with our small children.Yes, the chips arrived in hot dog baskets. The busboy was prompt and friendly, however, the chip basket was so small - he could not help but touch the chips with his hands while serving.The food tasted similar to frozen food entrees I had the pleasure of eating while I was in college....I thought those days were gone. We look forward to the next restaurant that opens in this location.
2	I have to agree with the other complaints. I was excited for a Mexican restaurant to be close to my house.  I judge Mexican food by the Chili Rellanos. Theirs was way too hot and I LIKE hot, but CR's are not supposed to be hot. They left the seeds in the Chili Rellanos.  So I am back to driving to the "hood" for real Mexican food!
1	I think they need to change the name from "Authentic Mexican" to "Authentic Microwave".   I had the worst Chili Relleno of my life.   We got there just before 6 on Friday night and the place was packed with people waiting to be seated.  We chose to sit at the bar on the outside side.   It was dark and the lights out there were not working.  Seeing the menu was close to impossible.       We ordered 10 dollar Cadillac Margaritas which were the bar $5.95 Margarita with a Grand Mariner side shot.   No special Tequila.  We then ordered our food........my chili Relleno and my husband's chili verde burrito.   When the food came within 5 minutes the red flag went up.   There is no way to make a chili Relleno in less than 5 minutes.  Really???  It's was COLD on the INSIDE.   Best part of my meal......the rice.  Sad!    My husbands chili verde was tender but someone in the kitchen spilled an entire shaker of salt on it.    A very disappointing $50.00 dinner.   Won't be back.
4	Not sure why so many negative reviews were given as we really like this place. The service was great, fast and friendly. The food was really both times I have been. Love the decor, it reminds me of being in a Cali Mexican restaurant. We will for sure be back :)
1	Terrible! Don't waste your time (we waited over 45 minutes for our food) and your money (overpriced). When the waitress finally showed up we ordered margaritas. It tasted OK but barely had any ice (rocks) to keep the drink cold. We ordered chicken fajitas, a kids meal with chicken strips and fries. The fajitas were so over cooked that the onions were black, charred and petrified. The chicken I could have put a dent in a wall if I threw it and the rice and beans weren't even warm. Assuming the microwave was broken! Now for the kids meal.. How do you mess that up? The strips were almost black they were so over fried, AND neither the fries or the chicken was even warm .. COLD AGAIN.... It gets worse from there. When we told the waitress about the food she apologized  and said that they are so busy and that so many things were broken in the kitchen and that we were even lucky to get our food when we did as orders were so backed up. We never saw a manager coming around to see how things were. Especially given the fact that it is a new restaurant you'd think you would see a manager. Our waitress offered to send he food back but after waiting 45 for food, we just wanted to leave. We paid our $50 tab we left and will never be back!
1	Very disappointing.  I would actually give this place a zero but yelp requires at least one star. This place is over priced and under staffed during dinner hours which caused significant delay. The food was warm at best and had to send my son's plate back because it was cold. They corrected the cold chicken fingers by dumping them back into the deep fryer. They were inedible at that point. I'm very excited to see what restaurant will move in next.....it's just a matter of time.
1	horribly disappointingour food arrived an hour after we ordered. It was cold. it did not resemble any "authentic mexican food" 8 have ever had. We will not return.
2	Not for large groups. We didn't get half of our drinks. Asked several times. We asked several times for silverware. We ended up getting it ourselves. Our food order was all wrong. Half of our group didn't get what they ordered. Good for those who got theirs right. Women's restroom had no toilet paper and no paper towels. While some in my group may go back, I will not.
4	It seems like most of the reviewers here expected much more than they got out of this restaurant. I've learned to not expect too much from any Mexican restaurant as it's unlikely to find a great one. Is it really authentic? I'm not certain I would know since I'm not from Mexico and don't travel there, so I t's not a factor in my choice of a restaurant. I would rank this one higher than many I've visited in the past. I had a decent experience here and the other four in my party did as well. It wasn't perfect as the wait was a bit long for the entrees and my husband had to wait even longer for his special. I wouldn't rave about anything but I liked the chips and salsa. They did not seem store bought to me.  I had the pica (shredded) beef tostada grande and it was good. Everyone else enjoyed their meal as well, however one person did not get exactly what she thought she ordered. I will most likely come back here again.
5	Glad to see a Fiesta Mexicana close by.  We have one near our summer home in another state. This was our first time at this location. The facility has a fresh and pleasing decor. We were seated promptly and our chips, salsa and drinks came quickly.  Our food was very good.  The portions were generous. The staff was friendly and helpful. On the way out several spoke to us and one opened the door for our departure. Will definitely go back. The outdoor seating and bar will be a big plus in good weather.
5	I read a lot of the reviews and I have to say I understand why most of you don't like it. Some of you even state you never been to mexico so do not know what to expect.... Well as a mexican, I can say I was pretty impressed with my meal from here. Went with my wife and inlaws and we all tried a little of each others food and I enjoyed everything we had.... Some one mentioned the chips being in a hotdog basket... Agreed, they need to get a big bowl for those. But for most places here in AZ we end up with Santa fe style food and covered with cilantro to mask bad meat.... This place did not do that to my food.... I hope they make it, would enjoy going again.
3	Decent food but way overpriced,  unfortunately.   Great ambiance.  Very nice decor.   No lunch menu with lower pricing, which is probably why it was pretty empty for a Saturday.
1	I would give this restaurant no stars! It was awful! The owner was mean and didn't believe my husband and I that there was a fruit fly that flew out of his rice. The owner insisted he didn't have flys or Mosquitos in his kitchen. He was rude and showed no customer service. I read several reviews on here on the lemons and mine had black spots on them as well. When I ordered my food it was very bland and cold! We had to wait to eat our food because the waitress didn't give us forks right away and we had to continue to wait for everything. The forks, the check, the drinks, etc. I would never eat here again. Customer service goes along way. Oh, and the sign outside says authentic mexican food but there is nothing authentic about it. It taste like Taco Bell. I order a beef chulupa and got some kind of mystery meat.
4	Based on the previous reviews I would not come here.  But, I'm adventurous so I'll try it anyway how bad could it be.Service:  above averageCleanliness:  perfect (new place so expected)Devour: combo appetizer (pica (shredded beef) nachos, chicken quesadilla, chicken Taquitos), enchiladas combo and a single pescado taco Quality: first off the salsa is delish.  It has a texture and about a medium spice.  The combo platter was huge, everything was great.  The best thing that stood out was the taco.  By far the best fish taco I've had in a very long time.  I'm getting a fish taco combo next visit.  I will definitely return.
2	Went tonight for a quick dinner which turned out to be over an hour.  Nice decor, very clean but the very slow service (40min wait for our entrees) was way too long.  Never saw the waitress again after we placed the order until it was time for the check.  When the food arrived, it was only lukewarm and despite my attempt to flag down a waiter to refill our drinks, we were basically ignored.  Can't see this place lasting any longer than the other places that have been it this location, will not return.
1	This place was an all around disappointment.  We were greeted with an empty lobby got to stand and wait for a couple minutes til someone came up and said "two?" No personality.  The interior decor is very loud and old school, it just has a cheap feeling to it.  The menu is the same way, loud, hard to read and jumbled.    Server was extremely bland and really didn't have much knowledge of the menu or Mexican cuisine for that matter.  We had hopes that the food would make up for the downfall in other areas, no such luck The chips were very bland and cold, the salsa was freshly made but bland and way over-onioned.  We ordered fajitas, if a restaurant can do great fajitas, we figure the rest of the menu will be great.   No dice, minimal amount of meat, small chunks of overcooked and bland meat made it a huge disappointment.   Can't believe I'm saying this but I'd head to Garcias before I went here.   Quite a disappointment to say the least.
2	I wanted to like this place....I really did!    It's the 3rd restaurant in this space in the 11 years we've lived in the area.  A fresh, bright and colorful interior change was so welcoming as was the 'full house' on our first visit.  The service was 'ok'....I cut them some slack because of it being a very busy night and the place being fairly new.  However, our waitress chose to stand and talk to the table next to us telling them about her life, rather than complete our order.The first bit of food arrived - nothing to brag about.Our entrees arrived and were kind of tossed onto the plate.  Mine was barely warm (I am a stickler for hot food being served hot - don't just warm the plate and call it acceptable).  We decided we'd give it a try another time.The second visit was similar to the first, except that there wasn't a large crowd, there were empty tables and yet we had about a 20 minute wait.  We sat at the end of the bar where servers were constantly coming up to get drinks for customers.   A big annoying.The food service wasn't prompt nor accurate and once again, the plates were slopped up with food and sauce, barely warm and noting to brag about.I won't go back.  I give it a couple of months longer and they too will close their doors.If I had to guess, I would say most of the food is prepared ahead of time so it's not really 'fresh'.   Nothing is loaded with flavors...pretty bland and boringThe location is fantastic!   Lots of homes around the area...a mixed crowd of young families and a senior community.   Seniors go out to eat and we like places close to home!!! !
