2	This is a kebab shop located on a street full of similar shops, and although you can tell by looking at the kebab meat spinning (even during closed hours) this will not be one of those greasy yet satisfying meals.However, my desire for greasy got the better of me and I ate here once. The meat was really dry but fatty at the same time (never knew that was possible!) It confuses me how there are always people in here eating. Maybe I don't know the house special?
2	There are so many kebab shops in this area of Edinburgh, it really suprises me that this place is always doing business. The food is greasy, takes forever to get, expensive for what it is and lacks so much flavour that even the chilli sauce on the kebabs doesnt really do much for the taste buds. Why two stars and not one then? Well, it would have to be for the fact that this place has a sitting area - and after a heavy night of drinking, when bed isnt the best idea yet, its nice to sit somehwere to eat your nasty kebab.With so many other places like this on Nicholson Street, I would avoid this place unless I absolutly had to.
3	In Kebab Mahal, Edinburgh has what I'd say is hands on the best kebab joint I've ever found outside of Turkey or Germany. The Marmaris can't compete on any level with that fantastic eaterie, but it delivers all you's expect.Rancid, undercooked meat, kilos of saturated fat, limp brown salad and watered down chilli sauce. Most importantly though, you'll spend a good few hours the next morning on the shitter, spraying out foul-smelling rusty water as your sphincter muscle collapses in on itself.Lovely.
3	I've never eaten a kebab in my life (that I can remember!) so I couldn't comment on Marmaris' kebab-making abilities. I do however, have a fair amount of knowledge and expertise when it comes to their pizzas...yes, they're greasy, full of salt, over-priced and you usually eat them out of a cardboard box. But by definition if I'm getting one then it means I'm not sober enough to be bothered by any of those things, and as far as drunken thumbs-ups go Marmaris definitely gets one.However, I wasn't lying when I said it was over-priced. Especially when there's th beautiful and amazing Palmyra literally 30 seconds' walk along the street. It's just that Marmaris is closer to my flat, and so on those occasions when getting dropped off somewhere by the taxi which is a) still open for hot food at 2am and b) walking-in-heels distance from home, this place usually trumps it.
3	If you are a lover of anything greasy, I would recommend Marmaris, which is one of those comfort take out restaurants on Clerk Street.I will give them the benefit of the doubt and hope not all their dishes are accompanied with a lot of oil, as I've only had a pizzas from there. It's important to add it's usually after a night out, when a lot of things will taste good, and I haven't had much to complain about.The menu is quite cheap, but apart from a friendly chat with the nice staff, this place is just alright.
4	Have not had the pleasure of their pizza (reading some of the other reviews, do I want to?!) but have at least pushed the envelope 3 times on their lamb shish kebabs and they were pretty damn good...and the last 2 times I was sober!
5	mmmmm chips with melted cheese!!!  so simple yet so good!!  I might be biased though because this was a post-drinking midnight snack...
4	This kebab house is one of my favourites actually. The kebabs are consistently good, the staff are friendly and efficient. I recommend the Specials if you are in a group, a giant garlic bread smothered with mixed meat and griddled vegetables. Tasty!
3	I was taken here today for a early dinner by a good friend of mine. Bless his heart he loves this place and I didnt have the heart to tell him its not on my to-eat-again list, even if I was smashed walking down the road at 1am like a zombie craving a greasy gut bomb kebab. We went in and the staff was friendly enough. Also the place was clean which was suprising enough as when one ( at least I do) thinks of a college area kebab place you think of rats running around and filth as well as guaranteed stomach flu. But this place was very clean so I was really happy and didnt feel that I would get a new case of bird flu or something. The turkish pizza was really good though I will give them that. It was nice thin crust with seasonings and whatever other mystery meat was on it , but seriously it was tasty and would have made the perfect lunch. Then we had a donor meat kebab like thing I had no idea what it was called and it was like eating microwave meatballs in a crappy tomato sauce. I had to drown it in yoghurt sauce to make it yummy. But I was starving so I ate it all anyways. We also had a side of chips and cheese which is pretty self explanatory and hard to mess up. This place is also seriously overpriced . So to conclude this review I am happy to say I am not dead yet from food poisoning, I am a little lighter in my wallet but I do recommend the yummy turkish pizza.
2	I use to get decent pizza here. Unfortunately this isn't the case now.About a year ago the really did serve up the best pizza in town, their pizza sauce, cheese and the rest of their ingredients were of a very high quality. Fast forward a year and it's very different, nothing tastes like it was. Even the salad sauce tastes watered down. Anyway I went last night to see if anything had changed and it hadn't and they got my order wrong. Unfortunately they have now lost me as a customer and I won't be returning. Turkish kebab house on Easter road, do incredible pizzas!
