5	My pretty pretty princess Mollie Mae would love to totally speak on this as she has first hand experience. But I have decided to go ahead and write this review based on being the Mommy of said shih-tzu. I went to Legacy Animal hospital because they offered a free check up and a free toenail clipping on groupon. I went in taking my precious with me. The facility was clean, the office staff friendly and accomodating. They even have a fridge with capri sun and water for patients parents.NICE!Mollie saw Dr. Murratore, and was immediately comfortable with him. I was impressed with the way he loved on my dog like he knew her forever kissed and hugged and petted. They were insta-pals.My first visit ended up in a minor surgery because Mollie has acid reflux which destroyed her teeth. She had to have some dental work done. Dr. Murratore gave me a quote and told me to bring her back. The surgery took longer and was more extensive than they had thought and should have been more expensive BUT Dr. Murratore honored his quote (this means a lot to a single gal who doesn't have extra income)  He even told me he would finish her shots under that same quote when I brought her back as she could not handle any additional work after the surgery.Mollie came home from surgery and was right as rain. She really recovered quickly and her follow up visit?She was totally excited to go. Normally she is very skiddish about going places she doesn't know or like. But Dr. Murratore made a believer out of HER and me ...A huge thank you to everyone at this clinic for really caring about pets ... and their owners!!
5	"BEST VET IN VEGAS" Dr. Susie Costa - Fakler, D.V.M. - Legacy Animal Hospital Dr. Susie Costa has taken care of our dog (Fred a Rhodesian Ridgeback) for the past 4 years and we have always been treated with such great care, respect and love for our pet so I decided to Yelp about it. I consider her to be the best vet in Las Vegas and she will always be our veterinarian as long as she is in Las Vegas. Dr. Costa is especially good with our very large 118 lbs service animal. She is not only exceptionally loving and attentive, but She is always well-organized, and offers the kind of personal care you can only get from a smaller operation. (I've seen the back area, too.) She is also very sensitive to weighing the benefits of a procedure versus the stress it would cause to the animal. This professional veterinarian is a gift to the community. PLUS, her prices are very reasonable. I would highly recommend her!
1	So the time had come where I had to say goodbye to a fury child of mine. I had an animal hospital in mind but figured I would call a few more (that received good reviews on yelp) just in case the price was a bit better.. An ice cube could have produced more warmth than the woman that answered the phone to "assist" me with my questions here at Legacy Animal Hospital.The receptionist seemed annoyed that I was asking the prices for their services and stated that it would be "up to the doctor" if said services were needed or not. I explained that my cat was at LEAST 16 years old, stopped, eating, along with some other health issues. (All of this as I'm sobbing on the phone just trying to get the information out of my mouth). The lady made it a point to say that if the services were NOT deemed "necessary", I would be charged the very minimum of $50 just for the "consultation". I understand she is helping to run a business, but it's obvious that she is not a genuine animal lover.I have read all of the other reviews and perhaps this woman at the front desk was having a bad day, but either way it upset me so much so I had to share the news with Yelp. Hope future patrons of this establishment have a much better experience, on the phone and in person, than I did.
1	We brought our kitten (a 6 wk old stray we found in our front yard) in and she was seen by Dr. Costa.  We were less than impressed with her lack of warmth & caring for our little baby's situation.  We were told she was dehydrated and was put on IV fluids right away and should be kept kept overnight.  We were then told of the many tests she recommended, along with pricing like she was reading a fast food menu.  We told her we couldn't afford it, as I was unemployed, she then said we'll wait & see how she is in the morning and to call her @ 8:00 AM.  We did, there was no answer.  We called again @ 8:15, Dr was not available, we left a message.  We called again @ 10:15, not available.  We asked the Receptionist to go take a look at her, she said she was sleeping.  We called back AGAIN and was told that Dr Costa said she was "hanging in there", she did not come to the phone.  Finally got a call back and was told that she was "miserable", had diarrhea and was throwing up and since we couldn't afford to have the many, many tests that she recommended the day before, she said that "putting her to sleep wouldn't be wrong"!!!  We were heartbroken & appalled that she didn't seem to think she had a chance.  We went over and picked her up right away and decided to wait 24 hrs and see how's she's doing.  Dr Costa gave us no recommendations or advice at all, just said "good luck" and left.  Our kitten started eating canned food and drinking formula right away, she never threw up once after we took her home and the diarrhea was gone 2 days later!!  Here we are 12 days later and she is happy & healthy...running around and playing, her coat is shining and her eyes look great!!  The idea that a Professional Vet is out there recommending a death sentence for pets that can be saved is disgusting to us.  How many people in our situation have done what she suggested and put their beloved baby's down simply because they couldn't afford the obviously unnecessary tests she was recommending?
5	I'm a first time pet owner and have loved working with everyone at Legacy Animal Hospital. I wish I could find a doctor for myself that I liked this much! The entire staff is delightful, including the awesome groomer.
5	We love Legacy.  We moved here in the fall and our dog has Diabetes.  They diagnosed her with a thyroid issue as well and adjusted some of her meds and she has been doing really well.  Everyone there is super nice and helpful and we really appreciate the service.Oh, and Dr. Terry is awesome!
5	We recently moved to Henderson from the Midwest, and my first goal as a new resident was to find the perfect vet for our two small dogs (a Shih Tzu and a Bichon/Poodle). I am EXTRA picky about who I will let take care of my babies, and searched and searched before settling on Legacy. I drive past a few other vets to get there, actually. I take my pups to see Dr. Costa, and she is absolutely AMAZING, as are all of the other employees there. They are always warm and loving to the dogs, and are always very pleasant to me, also. Dr. Costa is very knowledgeable, and is so patient with my 20 questions at every visit. She understands how much these babies mean to me, and goes out of her way to make sure I am 'in the know' and comfortable in all situations. Here's one simple example: When our Bichon/Poodle didn't fare too well during her spay and was too uncomfortable to come home with me the night following her surgery, Dr. Costa called me to talk about the benefits of keeping her there to get some extra rest, and assured me she would be checked on throughout the night. Apparently Dr. Costa could tell from my tone that I was sad to leave her there overnight, worrying about how she was doing since I couldn't seen her. So, after I hung up with her, I received a photo text on my phone from the Dr., with a picture of my baby girl, doing just fine and resting in her kennel. I slept in peace that night, and so did our pup. Definitely above and beyond on Dr. Costa's part.I also take both of my pups here to be groomed by Kelley. She's so good with both of them, and they always come out looking gorgeous! Long story short - if you're looking for a friendly, intelligent, wonderful place to take your animals, I'd recommend Legacy any day.
5	Dr. Terry Muratore and his staff do such a GREAT job.  They really do amaze me!  They are compassionate, caring, and they help animals find a home as well.  Every time I am there, they are trying to get a stray adopted.  They have good hearts.  The place is clean.  I have had my cats groomed there over the years as well.  I admit, I have had some bills there that would choke a horse, but there have been several times when I thought it was something serious, and it was next to nothing.  When Harry King retired(he was the original owner)I was devastated.  Then Dr. Muratore actually took service there to a new level.  Windmill and Pecos, 263-9004.
5	I took my tabby for his shots(1 year old)  This is the 3rd cat, Terry(Doc) has dealt with.  The other two lived to 20 and 21 years old thanks to him and his wonderful, caring staff.  Sure, they are always busy, but that's because Terry is that damned GOOD and that damned reasonable!  I thought Misa was sick, turns out nothing was wrong, thankfully.  How many vets are THAT honest and compassionate?  He is always getting strays adopted and truly cares for ALL animals.  He is the most honest, caring vet I have ever had.  I have had cats for 35 years, and Terry is the BEST there is...PERIOD!  There is no regret when you make him your vet.  263-9004, corner of Windmill and Pecos, near Del Taco!
5	Dr. Terry Muratore is awesome. I've been bringing dogs to him for over 10 years and I wouldn't go anywhere else. He's patient, super approachable, great with my dog, and he takes the time to explain everything. Most importantly, he really knows what he's talking about. I always know my dog is in good hands with Dr. Muratore!
5	I have been a long time goer to this establishment from when I was a child with family pets to now living on my own with my own pets. I currently have an Irish Wolf Hound mix (Dakota) and a Snow Shoe Siamese cat (Rogue). The dog is 10 years old while the cat is 2 years old.The receptionists are very friendly and will greet you upon entering and they even have a greeter dog named Cheeto. Dr. Costa has been my primary Vet since obtaining both my animals. She has dealt with Rogue since she was a six week old kitten and Rogue is a very picky cat. She doesn't like most human beings outside of me and does not like being held outside of me either. Dr. Costa has such a genuine touch that she has been able to pick up Rogue and calm her down in order to trim her nails down. I've very happy to have the ability to have a Vet like that.Recently, our dog Dakota had a tumor coming out of her eye. Not only was Dr. Costa successful in getting rid of the tumor, but she also during time of operation cut off a skin growth, cleaned Dakotas teeth, and removed a bad tooth. She took amazingly good care of my elderly dog and also kept it at an amazing price.This staff is this whole hospital is amazing---receptionists, vet techs, and vets alike.BTW, they also have a Pet-Portal Website which is able track and log your pets information. Legacy is connected to this and will send you emails when its time for shots and vaccinations.
1	This place is the worst animal hospital I have ever taken a pet to in my life. The office staff is rude and unhelpful. The Dr. told me to call if I had any problems and I did  he NEVER called back I called three times and no call back. My pets are my family and this place only cares about making a buck not the well being for your pet!!!!!!!! Believe me the office staff will remind you it is all about the money not the care of your pet. very disappointed...
5	We were referred here by the Southern Nevada Beagle Rescue, and what a lovely place. The receptionists are all friendly, and take the time to know our dog by name. The vet techs are always happy to help with whatever we need. Most importantly, Dr. Susie Costa is the best! She is warm, compassionate, and willing to spend the time necessary to answers questions and put us pet parents at ease. Never once has she recommended any unnecessary or over the top procedures or medication. We have also taken advantage of the overnight boarding service several times, and it was always a great success. I've had dogs my entire life, and I can say I have never found a clinic quite as wonderful as this place.
5	Our two dogs have been seeing Dr. Costa for two years.  She is our vet of choice for checkups, emergencies, anything pet related.  Dr. Costa is an excellent vet.  She is punctual, thorough, very knowledgeable, and loving to our two pups.  During one emergency visit she was able to see our pup right away and took very good care of him.  On another visit she fixed a botched surgery that another vet had performed.  We highly recommend her.
5	Dr. Costa has been my best friend's doctor since she was a puppy. Not since Dr. Costa was a puppy, but since my dog Isabella was a puppy.  This is where my parents and I have taken our dogs for several years. Not once have we ever had a problem or issue with the price or care we've received. I'm sure my dog would write a different kind of review considering she gets fingers up the rectum every visit. Poor girl. Nothing a stop through the Wienerschnitzel drive-thru can't fix.If your dog has been acting emo and writing negative diary entries about their vet than maybe it's time you take action and give Legacy a shot. Health and happiness could be just a vet call away.
5	I love this place. My dog Bentley has been under the care of Dr. Muratore for quite a while now. He and his wife Mary take such good care of my little man. Bentley was diagnosed w diabetes about 6 months ago. He now requires insulin shots and a special diet. Dr. Muratore keeps a close watch on him & his glucose levels. I also board Bent at the hospital when I'm out of town. The vet techs are friendly and do a great job of giving him special attention. I also have to give kiddos to the ladies who work at the front desk, always a pleasurable experience in the office. Would deff recommend this place to anyone looking for quality pet care. Muratore is the man to see!
5	Both Dr. Muratore and Dr. Costas are fabulous. They are throughout and thoughtful. I highly recommend this clinic especially for bully breeds!
5	Great experience!!! The petite brunette vet tech at the front (I forgot to get her name) was absolutely lovely and sweet as can be. The Dr. was very honest and forward. Never once felt like we were being sold on anything. Great experience. Thanks, we will definitely be back.
5	One nice thing about living back in the Las Vegas area is knowing I have the BEST Vet for my cat.  Dr. Terry Muratore is the most honest, compassionate vet that there is!  He has the same GREAT staff that stay there!  Why?  He's that damn good!  Terry's son Anthony works there as well.  It's a GREAT feeling to support a family run business.  Terry's honesty and integrity are an example for all to follow.  Today, I thought it was something MAJOR!  Terry took me back to show me my cat's X ray and explain everything to me!  In more than 35 years of dealing with vets, he is the ONLY one to do so!  How many vets make you wait, then just tell you what is wrong?  How do you really know?  Take your cat or dog to a vet you can TRUST!  They love your pets almost as much as you do!   It seems like they always have strays there to get adopted.  Do they have to do this?  No.  It's not a money thing where they try ripping you off.  They have pride in what they do!  Go to Legacy if you want the best.  If you try the rest, I wish you luck, you will need it!
5	I found Legacy last year and decided to take my rescue dog Buddy there. Absolutely loved Dr Muratore's up-front, animal-centered, compassionate care, so we stayed. I adopted a 2nd puppy, Max, who ended up having cherry eye. Dr Muratore did the surgery to repair it, but then 2 days later - on a Saturday - it failed. I talked to him on the phone that day, and he said, "Don't worry about it, we'll fix it." Max went back on Tuesday and got the redo surgery...and I wasn't charged a thing. Not one penny. I wouldn't, of course, assume that every surgery that fails is handled this way. But Dr Muratore was so genuinely upset that it hadn't worked the first time, that this was how he chose to make things right. I won't take my pups anywhere else.
2	Dr costa is amazing but she left. We will follow her anywhere and know of many others who feel the same
5	Dr. Muratore is an incredible vet who we have been coming to for years. We drive across town so he can treat our three pups, and the extra time is well worth it. His experience, knowledge, and bedside manner are all reasons why we think he's the best vet ever!
2	I have brought my two dogs to Legacy and was absolutely thrilled with Dr. Susie Costas.  She treated my dogs as if they were own and has given them splendid care.  I recently heard she had left the practice "for personal reasons," and "wasn't practicing" .    I brought one of my dogs into Legacy today because he was still throwing up blood after being checked (blood work and xrays two days ago) and diagnosed as being "full of poop."  He had been given an enema, fiber pills and a probiotic. But when he threw up blood three times in rapid succession  this morning, I got him into the car and drove to Legacy to be there as soon as they opened by 8.  In the past if I've called about an emergency, I've been told to bring my dog in right away and they'd be sure to have a vet see him.  When I arrived, I was asked if I had an appointment.  I explained what was going and and this was an emergency.  I was asked if I'd called and left a message on their voicemail.  I said, no, because the throwing up had been in the last hour and I'd rushed right over with my dog.  I was then told that for my future reference, I should have called and left a message, and something about how difficult it is to deal with walk ins. This was an emergency - a dog that is throwing up blood and has bowel movements full of blood, a dog that I had been told should be fine when I'd brought him in a couple days before being anything but fine, possibly in pain. well,   I expected at least a little compassion, not to be treated as if I were standing in line at the DMV.  Fortunately another person waiting with her dog and I started talking and she told me that she'd just heard that Dr. Costas was practicing at Spencer Springs Animal Hospital, and after today's appointment (scheduled long ago) she was going to start bringing her dog to Dr. Costas at Spencer Springs. .  I went back to my car, contacted Spencer Springs, verified Dr. Costas was there, explained what had happened and was told to bring my dog in and they would make arrangements to have all my dogs' records transferred.  I went back inside and talked with the other office staff to let them know what I was doing. They had already received the call from Spencer Springs for my dog's records!.  I told them that I hadn't intended to leave Legacy (especially since I'd been told that Dr. Costas wasn't practicing elsewhere ), but when I bring my dog in because he's very sick and get reprimanded for not doing things exactly the way the one bustling, all important  office person seemed to think I should do them, frankly, I don't need the attitude.  I told them that now that I knew Dr. Costas was practicing elsewhere, I was moving both my dogs to her care.   I'd have moved them to another vet practice regardless because I prefer, no expect, some compassion for a sick animal, not an attitude that I've inconvenienced someone.  My dog is now being cared for by Dr. Costas at Spencer Springs and I feel confident she will find whatever is ailing him and care for him as if he were her ow.n.  Spencer Springs Animal Hospital's number is 702-896-9999 and they are located at 1855 East Warm Spring Road, about a mile west of Eastern.   Dr. Costas was the reason I went to Legacy in the first place, and she's the reason why I'm now taking my dogs to Spencer Springs - which by the way is much larger, with a very friendly staff. and incredibly cheerful decor.  I know others are also looking for Dr. Costas and like me may have been told she's no longer practicing, but she is and both my dog and I were happy to find her again.
4	Dr. Costa MOVED to Spencer Springs Animal Hospital and so shall I. Thanks for always getting me in Legacy and having lovely front desk ladies but Dr. Costa is too good not to follow. You lost a star for losing Dr. C :(
5	This place is awesome. We took our two pitbull pups in for their first shots today and the staff was amazing. They truly loved our animals and not to mention all the girls that work there are beautiful. I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	This is one of the best vets in Henderson. The doctor and staff are all great. Very friendly and quick service. Highly recommend them for all your pets needs.
5	For a family owner business, and best vet there is!  Dr. Terry Muratore, and son Anthony, who works there as well are the ONLY people I trust!  Anne, the nice old lady at the front desk, who usually answers the phones is awesome as well.  Today it was shots for Misa.  I have used Legacy for boarding, grooming, to order supplies....they do it all....Dog or cat, they are where it's at!~  Windmill and Pecos, next to the Jiffy Smog.
5	Came back to leave a second review for this place. I can't tell you how great they are.. You have to experience it for yourself. The staff has always gone above and beyond to take care of my little pup. Today I arrived after hours in a panic to pick up medicine for my dog.. They opened up their office to me! I appreciate their service and would recommend them to anyone looking for the #1 vet in town!!
