5	This Dunkin Donuts just opened a few weeks ago, and man, what a nice addition this has been? Their move in here is great, because it's finally nice to have some coffee, donuts and bagels in this complex for once.The place itself is located at the end of the strip mall, visible from the road.  There's a walk up window, with outside seating, and plenty of space inside.  It's a nice sized suite, with a full Dunkin Donuts menu. Bagels, donuts, muffins, coffee and a few sandwiches as well.  My coworkers and I have eaten here a few times, and we love it!  Awesome coffee which keeps us coming back, along with all the tasty pastries.Service here is great, and the gals are friendly.  Will be back in the future for more awesome tasting coffee and muffins!
5	this is a great location for my favorite coffee.  Its not even close to me but everytime I am near, I go in.  So clean, so open, its a unique more modern look for Dunkin Donuts and looks great.  You can sit inside or outside and plenty of parking.
5	So far so great with these guys. Sometimes I'll pop in on my way to work for a quick, yummy, cheap breakfast (a great cup of coffee and a great donut for $2.50-ish or $3.50-ish for an extra donut) that makes me feel like I can take on the day and not be late for work. The staff does a pretty good job at making sure the line doesn't get backed up and no one waits for too long. I always love coming here.
2	***I have tried a few Dunkin' Donuts locations and it is not my favorite donut spot (the donuts here are similar to what I have had at other Dunkin' Donuts); I tried this Dunkin' Donuts' breakfast sandwich and it was below average--even for a fast food breakfast sandwich***Dunkin' Donuts has a real following.  I think a lot of it has to due with their popular coffee, but I think their donuts are popular too.  I grew up in the Midwest and I remember Dunkin' Donuts were around, but I think most of the donut shops near me were local options.  I believe Tim Hortons and Krispy Kreme were also around.I am not aware of any Dunkin' Donuts properties in Los Angeles.  I think they go as west as Las Vegas and Arizona.  I see a Krispy Kreme every now and again in California.This Dunkin' Donuts in Arizona reminds me of the ones that I have been to.  It has a decent selection of donuts and donut holes (called Munchkins here).  Dunkin' Donuts has glazed donuts, but I do not think glazed is their signature item like Krispy Kreme.  Instead, I think it is more about their chocolate and filled donuts--especially their Boston Kreme.I had their blueberry donut, which was a blueberry cake donut with a hardened glazed crust.  The blueberry cake was just not that great.  It was a little dry and it lacked a good blueberry flavor.In addition to their donuts, this Dunkin' Donuts also carries several breakfast pastries including bagels, muffins and danishes.  This store also carries a selection of breakfast sandwiches.  I had their ham, egg and cheese, which came on an English muffin.  The ham was not that good.  I prefer the warmer (as well as better flavor of) the Canadian bacon at McDonald's.  The egg was also not that good.  It looked like the hard cooked egg at McDonald's though Dunkin' Donuts' preparation lacked both McDonald's egg's thickness and flavor.Prices were okay.  Ordering a few items is a little pricey though I think if you order a dozen or so donuts, prices are about what you would expect to pay at a donut shop.Service was okay.  The staff was polite enough but not particularly friendly or pleasant.  They were out of a few things because they may not have prepared them appropriately in the morning.There are a few tables in this Dunkin' Donuts property if you want to eat in.I have been to a few Dunkin' Donuts locations and they just do not seem to measure up to Krispy Kreme and this location is no different.  Krispy Kreme's donuts are tastier and seem a lot fresher.  I think Dunkin' Donuts is only worth a try if you have never been and are curious to see what the fuss is about.This Dunkin' Donuts is located in a shopping plaza that has its own huge and free parking lot.  It is easy finding an open space.
5	Since this location opened I have gone in for coffee multiple times.  I love that I see the same staff all the time and they  are incredibly efficient and friendly.  Each of the women in there in the morning knows what they're doing and does it with a smile.  I appreciate their service.
1	Stop serving well before closing time and the girl was very rude about it.
4	I've been to this location a handful of times. Usually it's pretty quick, in and out, but yesterday there was a huge line and a long wait. I am going to write it off as a fluke though...maybe an employee called out. Luckily I wasn't in a rush and I waited it out.I always get the same thing, and have had issues with other DDs not making my drink the way I like it (see other DD reviews). I'm happy to say that from day 1, this location has it down and it's consistent every time. Thank you!
5	I am a decaf coffee drinker ......all day long.  They always have it fresh and they are ready to serve when we walk in.  Parking is not like other dunkin shops, but Alexis pours fast and gets you on your way. Thomas listens and gets my coffee just as quickly, and is always polite and courteous. LOVE this dunkin!!Went in and used restroom yesterday....WOW... It was VERY  clean , and that matters to me in the food business!
4	Been here a couple times and am satisfied with the food. A bagel and cream cheese, donut, and iced coffee is a pretty tasty breakfast. Service has been friendly. Also, what I like about this place is it's very sleek for a donut shop. Clean and modern looking place. Windows allowing in natural light in what is sorta like a garage door broken into window quadrants. Whatever it's called, it looks cool and gives this Dunkin Donuts some style.
5	The service here is phenomenal. I came in yesterday too with my boyfriend and I asked for an Arnold Palmer coolata and the manager informed me it was a new product he didn't have in yet. I said that was ok and ordered something else and he was very polite and quick to make my drink and asked if it was to my liking. We came in again this morning and he remembered me and told me "I lied to you, we did get that product in would you like to try it?" I replied yes and the cashier asked me what size I wanted and he said "I'm gonna comp it anyway, would you like a medium?" So my drink was free and delicious. He again asked me if it was made to my liking and he'll remake it if it isn't. I wish this location was closet to home, my boyfriend and I were on a little vacay and it was close to the hotel. Otherwise I would always come to this location. I'm very happy with their service. Definite must go.
1	What a messed up operation the help there this morning was certainly overwhelmed with the 5 customers they were trying to deal with the breakfast crosant was way to expensive compared to other fast food restaurants
4	I am not a regular coffee drinker but occasionally enjoy a cup. This was my first time trying Dunkin Donuts coffee.  We stopped into this location while waiting to be seated at a restaurant in Town & Country. It was just a plain ol' cup of coffee. Nothing special, adding just a little cream and sugar. This was not Sucksbucks for sure. It was better. Smooth and toasty not the charred essence of the other guys. If given a side by side choice, I'll choose Dunkin.
5	Mmmm donuts. How can you beat fried carby sweetness in the morning. There's a Dunkin Donuts by my office and it seems like once a week somebody stops in to pick up a dozen for the break room. I love that right now they have heart shaped donuts. Nice touch!
1	Nice setting but they mess up my order EVERY single time. I drive an extra 5 miles to the other Dunkin Donuts that has a much better staff. Avoid this Dunkin at all costs. If they don't get your order wrong you can assure yourself try will be out of something! Probably will be a Jimmy Johns or Chipotle within 6 months
1	The breakfast sandwich is terrible, the donuts are terrible, the hot chocolate is not bad.  I came back a 2nd time (because i had a coupon).  Still terrible AND they would not accept the coupon.  Yes location was listed, expiration date valid, manager present, refused.
5	Came in early afternoon on a Wednesday, the place was clean, staff was wonderful, doughnuts were fresh all around good vibe here!  It always looks good when the employees are happy (or appear to be happy) I will definitely come back when I'm in the area again
5	Large ice Carmel coffee with added sugar and a Big and toasty ! A great morning start !! Service was fast and easy , the girl making the big and toasty was a little grumpy but it wont ruin my morning ...
4	I come here pretty frequently as it's within walking distance of my work.  I've never really been a huge fan of Dunkin donuts until I started coming here.  Their donuts are normally always very fresh and soft.  The employees and the managers are very nice and always want to know if you had a good experience.  I normally end up getting a breakfast sandwich and a donut with a oj or iced coffee.  There really isn't much to say other than it's your standard donut shop experience.  The donuts are sometimes awesome and sometimes sub par depending on the level of freshness.  They are no Krispy Kreme that's for sure.
4	Can I just say YUMMY!  Good coffee great service.  Only downfall is finding a place to park when it's busy.
