1	NEVER USE monotronics alarms. not if you ever need to use their customer service anyway.  everytime i speak with them, i cannot understand anything they say. they speak monotone and do not care about their customers. it is a waste of a phone call every time i need to discuss matters with them.
1	We were with Monotronics for at least five years.  At first, everything was going good until we found out that for six months they were not receiving a signal from our home which means that if we had a true emergency such as burglary or panic button they would not receive the signal.What tickles my elmo is that FOR SIX MONTHS they were not receiving an signal and not once they did call us yet they are supposed to be monitoring my system 24 hours 7 days a week ? Whatever !  We cancelled so beware of this company and any other company that promises to protect you and your home 24/7.
1	If the ongoing service for Monitronics' customers is the same level of service I just received as a potential customer calling for information/rates, I have to wonder how they are in business. I called the 1-800 number and pressed #2 for "new customer" only to have the call answered by someone who sounded quite inexperienced and stumbled over every word. Once he told me that I had to call an agent and gave me the # for one closest to my residence, I did so. However, someone else other than the agent answered the phone laughing and sounding as if I'd interrupted his happy hour time. I explained that I thought I was calling such-and-such with Monitronics, and he blurted out "Oh yeah, well he's on a plane right now." I'm not sure Monitronics and any of its agents need a third chance in order to strike out. I'm pretty certain that if I can't make one or even two phone calls to get general info on installation costs, monthly rates, etc., I'd be even less pleased with the customer service if I were actually a customer.
1	do not go with this company. poor equipment and they do not service their own equipment in my area subcontract it out - means extra costs.poor equipment for hard of hearing people like me.
1	Yeah we've had them for about 3 years they lie about the 3 year contract every time I would call in and complain about getting a extra sensor or my keypad being messed up they could of gave a shit I'm switching to cox plus there cheaper with better technology.
1	Beware of any company that requires you to mail in a letter to cancel your services. We all know that means they will just keep drafting your bank account to their desire. Just like LA Fitness did. So I now have to prepare to contact the bank and have them refuse payment to Monitronics to stop this nonsense
1	Terrible service. Please do all of the people who are stuck with this crappy company a favor and don't even consider them. They are very undependable and unpleasant to talk to. I got switched over from security networks and no one even said anything to me or sent us any info. I had activated a new card so my auto-pay would not work and I was sent a bill from Security Networks and sent back a check and updated payment info as soon as I received it. The excuse they gave me for not receiving this check for 4 weeks was because my account was switched over to Monitronics last Friday. So, why has Monotronics been calling my husband every other day for the past 2 weeks and telling him we have a balance due? This company is extremely unreliable and will make up any excuse and even argue with you to keep your money. If I want out I have to pay $1800 so I'm stuck for 36 months over-paying for a simple service. I wish I would have done more research as a first-time homeowner but hopefully someone will read this and learn from my mistakes.This company does not deserve a good reputation so let's save others from getting caught up in this trap.
1	Worse company ever! Give a free system but do not explicitly explain a lock in on contract. Dishonest. Called for a service to the system and never came.  Had problems with connections. No response to call for service.  Waited on the phone for 30 minutes to get someone to answer.
1	I have had ongoing problems with this company, both the alarm system working properly and customer service.  I can't reiterate enough what the past reviews state!  We have had multiple false alarms resulting in the police being dispatched, 3 in just the past approximate 6 weeks (1 of which while the alarm was not even armed),  and Monitronics has refused to refund or suspend payment while the system is malfunctioning, they also refused to reimburse me any fees for the false alarm fee I have to pay to the city.  When I attempted to cancel last month, I was told that I had to send in a letter and way 30 days resulting in another payment and the risk of more false alarms or allow a technician to come out for free and keep services.  I agreed to the technician coming out and here we are two weeks later with another false alarm.  Went through the same discussion with customer service and was told there is no supervisor available to talk with this week or next and no return date of a supervisor.  They did offer to send another technician out.  I told the woman I needed to think about it and would like to know where to send the letter if we decide to cancel and was told that they could not give me the PO box number or fax number until I decided to cancel and they went over the terms with me.  A joke for customer service and I regret the referrals we gave them in the beginning.
1	Monotronics is the worst company I've had the displeasure to do business with. I've been trying to cancel my account since APRIL it's now NOVEMBER. They refuse to cancel, keep giving me the run around to fax, mail, claim we authorized them to continue the contract (verbally, which they will accept) and have continued to charge me for services that I'm not receiving. DON'T DO BUSINESS WITH THEM!!!!!!!!!!!
1	The. Worst.Every month we would run into the same issue with the mobile app not properly sending commands. I was on my way to Hawaii and not only I could I not arm my home but they couldn't do anything to help me. Every month. Was always an issue with the cell unit or something. Went through two panels, 4 cell units. Still had the same issue.Finally got a supervisor, and asked the question: what happens when this next repair doesn't fully solve the problem? I finally got him to agree that if I had the issue again they would let me go as a customer. Well, when the inevitable came, they wouldn't do it until the person who quoted me that did it personally, and he was difficult to get ahold of.Will never, ever do business again with them. I've had safeguard for 3 weeks and it my new system has worked flawlessly!
5	Monitronics has been great to me. I got the system from Daniel Camacho at Clear Protection (a monitronics dealer) and he gave me the phone app thru alarm.com. Everything works great and this is definitely technology at its finest. I have a camera, door locks, thermostat control and even my front and inside lights that I can conrtol thru my iphone! The second my alarm goes off monitronics calls me to make sure everything is alright.I knew I entered a 5 year contract before I signed with Daniel but I still read the contract. Read what you sign people!  It blows my mind when people complain about something they signed. Thats something you should have learned as a teenager.
