2	Went here over lunch with a group from work and I don't think any of us were very impressed.  Unless you're looking for ordinary chicken strips and fries, go elsewhere.  The sauces for the chicken were just Newman's Own packets.  They even added a somewhat stale piece of store bought French bread to the order, I guess to reiterate that there was some sort of Parisian influence.Other normal restaurant things I missed here: water tap so I can just get a cup of water, bottle of ketchup so everyone at the table didn't have to ask for handfuls of packets.
5	This place is great. Mom and pop owned with exceptional service. The chicken is not greasy and isn't over breaded like most places. The coffee and bennies were great. My all time favorite is their garlic fries. If you eat nothing else, it's well worth the trip. Delicious. The little sauce packets were kind of annoying though. They should think about putting the sauce in little cups so you can dip your chicken.
4	Really good, fried dough! Haven't had the chicken yet, but I plan to. Drive thru a little slow though, I think they just need a little more business. So, check it out!
2	I love new fast food concepts and when I saw an ad for this place I was so eager to try this place out that the BF and I went the same day...It is right across Green Valley High School and is a cute little spot.The inside is small but not tiny and very clean and neat - A star for cleanliness!!!!It isn't as cheap as I thought it would be but we were there and if I really like a place I would pay extra.They sell chicken strips,fries,drinks, coffee and Beignets.Ahh Beignets- the Beignets were the real draw to me here- Beignets  are french doughnuts- sounds yummy huh?Well I am not the authority on beignets by any means but I thought they were just chewy plain dough fried so that they end up like pockets filled with air  with no taste other than the powdered sugar heavily sprinkled on top of them.I was honestly not really liking them...I guess I expected more.The Chicken strips looked hellah good, we could see all the seasonings on the crispy coating....After taking our first bites I was let down again-No taste!!!I do think they should make their own dipping sauces because after  being offered  a few Paul Newman dressings I was turned off....The fries sound great on the menu but you end up with skinny fries that you could buy at Cosco's that have hardly any garlic seasonings sprinkled on top at all....Ay, I hope they change some things and maybe I'll be back...Also, since their thing are Beignets they should sell them like in 3's,6's,dozens and price accordingly because the price for how they are selling them now makes it too pricey to buy alot....
3	I've been here twice.  The first time I wasn't really impressed--the chicken was dry and overcooked.  The second time around, however, the chicken was pretty juicy and well-seasoned.  Their cole-slaw is tasty, and the jalapeno ranch dipping sauce was good--creamy and not too spicy!The place was simple in decor, and the service was friendly and quick.  The only other cons I can think about are the lack of the fountain drinks, and the fact that I was expecting a lot more from their beignets; they only have bottled drinks, and their beignets were thinly sliced fried pieces of dough that, in my opinion, seemed kind of dry and tough.Other than that--I'd give it a go if I'm ever in the neighborhood again!
2	Every country has it's version of fried dough dusted with powder sugar and I am always willing to have a piece or five. At Chick & Benny's, I was fine with just one. The beignets were nothing spectacular. They were too thin, and instead of being airy, it was just a pocket of air.  Even though you do not want a dense cake like batter, it should have a bite to it.The chicken tenders were generously large,  piping hot, and crispy beyond belief, but lacked flavor and on the dry side. C&B definitely knows how to fry, because the rest of our orders had a distinctive crunch to it. The onion rings were a golden brown on the outside, but lacked a distinct flavor. The best part of the meal were the fries. They possess a bold flavor with the fresh ground pepper, salt, and parsley. Too bad you cannot make a meal out of fries alone.
4	I was in the area while quilt shop hopping in Las Vegas, and it came to be lunch time. Since I am not from the area, I looked at What's Hot On Yelp to find Chick & Benny's offered nearby. I approached the woman taking orders and asked her what she recommended: Chicken Tenders, G-Fries and Beignets. My tummy and taste buds were pleased with her recommendations. Pros: The menu is simple but in a very good way...chicken tenders don't need to be complicated. Be sure and read the history of the restaurant on the wall....it's an interesting story. The food is just downright delicious. Cons: The food is made to order, so it does take a few minutes to receive and too hot to eat right away. Parking can be a challenge, as the restaurant shares a lot with several other businesses in the complex. The dining area is small and fills up quick.
2	The Skinny: with the two signature items being only so-so, this joint is a no-go (2.5), service: counter service was efficient however the lack of accessibility of items such as ketchup at a fast food joint was annoying(2.5) value: certainly the food is better quality than other generic fast food joints however that doesn't mean that it's worth the trip (2.5).I really wanted to love this place - fried chicken and beignets... what's there not to love?Oh dear...We ordered a plate of chicken tenders with fries, a chicken sandwich and a beignets - making sure to test all their signature items. Counter service was quick (we were the only customers at 1:30 pm on a weekday afternoon - food took less than 15 minutes) and the food arrived to the table piping hot. Portion sizes for most things were very reasonable given the price.The fried chicken tenders were singularily disappointing. ($6.50) Uneven battering and cutting of the chicken rendered some parts moist while other parts very dry (check the pics). Overall, the meat was cut too thick which definitely overwhelmed what little batter there was. The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.The chicken in the chicken sandwich fared better because the cut of the meat was a little thinner ($3.50). However, enveloped in a rather generic large bun (which wasn't a brioche bun as advertised - it's more of a sweet roll) with no sauces or accompaniments (ie, lettuce, tomato, mayo), it was like biting into the Sahara. We ended up disposing of the bun altogether which made for a much better tasting experience.Sauces were a major issue. We were served these two chicken items plus a large serving of fries with 2 small packets of ketchup, 2 small packets of bbq sauce (some sorta generic stuff) and 1 large packet of Newman's Own Honey Mustard sauce. You had to ask the lady behind the counter for any additional ketchup which was very annoying (she gave me only 2 more small packets of ketchup... I regularly uses at least six of those bad boys for a small serving of fries). Beignets are supposed to be lovely and crisp on the inside while light and airy on the inside. The bennies here are like a deep fried large pocket of air (almost like a pita pocket) with little to no crispness. Despite all these issues, their standout item is definitely their g-fries. Their fries were perfectly golden and crisp on the outside with the right amount of softness on the inside. The flavouring of the garlic, parsley, salt and pepper was fantastic. If only their chicken and bennys were this good...Overall, given the food, the hard to find location and the price point, there really isn't much to come back here for especially since there are other places that does it better.
5	This is one of the simplest good places to eat.  The menu has homemade and freshmade chicken strips, delicious fries, onion rings, beignets, and a new item I saw today, frozen cheese cake on an edible stick.  The chicken strips reminded me of something my grandmother would make.  They are fresh and hot and very tasty.  The fries that come with the meal are garlic herb and amazing.  For 6.50 you can get a meal of 3 huge strips, a load of fries, a roll, and a bottle of soda.  All items can be ordered ala carte. The staff and owners are friendly, great you, and treat you like family. I would highly recommend this restaurant!
2	I am not "Chicken" to tell you that this place is a no-go for me. We were very excited to see a new place go in close to home and wanted to check it out. Hear is the dirt from my point of viewPros: the restaurant was clean and inviting. The cooks were friendly and checked in on us. The food was ok. The fries were the best part of the meal...SERIOUSLY! The price was definatley right though - two meals and beignets for under 15 dollars!Cons: The chicken was dry and oily and the beignets were greasy and tasteless. Also, no fountain soda...only a small handful of drinks in the drink fridge so no refills and not much selection. Also, they were out of all the dipping sauces except one.....soooooo they gave us one for two whole meals. When we asked for more they only gave us one more little one again like it was liquid gold. We definatley needed more sauce because the chicken was dry.I know these guys just opened so will probably try them again in a few months and see if they get any better, but for now C&B will only mean cheap and bland. I had really hoped they would have been better :(
5	My husband brought home chicken tenders, G-fries, and beignets for dinner last week.  I had been wanting to try this place ever since it opened right around the corner from my house and I am so glad I finally did!  The G-fries are out of this freakin world! they were so good I brought some to my mom and she raved about them as well.  The chicken is perfectly breaded, tender and juicy and the onion rings were top tier too!  I will definitely be eating at this little gem in Green Valley again!
5	Price is a big time value. I think the best chicken tenders I've ever had simply because they seem to marinade the chicken lightly and the breading is in moderation. Too many times you get tenders and the chicken is overwhelmed by the breading and even a supposedly decent place like Canes is bland. These guys do chicken tenders right. G-fries were delicious as were the onion rings, again perfect batter to onion ratio.
2	I love chicken fingers more than I love some members of my family. So when Living Social had a coupon for a place that had chicken fingers and beignets I was elated. I dragged the boyfriend across town to try this place out. It's in a strip mall and is a very small place. Never one to be detoured by decor or location I ventured in and got their namesakes (some chicken fingers and beignets). The chicken was disappointing. Not as much batter as I prefer and seasoned pretty heavily with pepper and spices. The best part of the chicken fingers was the dipping sauce I chose, jalapeno ranch, but it added a kick that I was already getting from the batter seasoning. The fries were delicious, but it's pretty hard not to make great fries. Now on to the beignets. They were still a bit oily so I wish they were dried off a bit longer before adding the powdered sugar. Again I was unimpressed, but the boyfriend LOVED them. He even ordered more to take with him. The one thing that was consistently good about the food was that it all came out hot. Something I really appreciate after eating lukewarm dorm food for too many years. Hot doesn't overcome food that really just isn't that tasty. If they changed their batter I would be back in a flash. I recommend trying it out if you're looking for a different kind of chicken finger (not at all like Raisin Canes, Popeyes, etc..) or if you are in the area and looking for something sweet to eat.
4	This place has gotten better since it opened a few months ago.  They added chicken & waffles to the menu and I think they're terrific  ($3.50 half, $4.50 full).  The chicken strips are big cuts of meat that don't have a thick layer of breading, just a light crispy dusting.  The onion rings seemed pretty standard, so I'm going to try the fries next time cuz I hear the garlic seasoning is where it's at.  :-D
4	The chicken strips and G fries were freshly made and were very good.  I look forward to going back for the 'chicken and waffles'.
3	Dropped by after one of my classes for work, since I was already on the East side.  The menu seems to be pretty basic (fried chicken strips, beignets and side items), which I think can be a good thing if they execute the few menu items well.I decided to get the Nest, after checking out their menu.  A few short minutes later, I was handed a dozen chicken strips fried to crispy perfection with the large chicken strips still juicy inside. The side order of beer battered onion rings were huge and thoroughly a delight to eat. The coleslaw was just okay, in hindsight I should have ordered their garlic fries. Of the dipping sauces, I only tried the honey mustard and jalapeno ranch, and thought both were decent.  Except I wish there was more capsaicin kick in the Jalapeno Ranch.  Along with the two sides, the Nest is enough to feed 2-3 people, at a very reasonable per person cost.I am rarely this far east past the I-15, but if I am in the area and have a craving for fried chicken I would drop in again. Food:  Overall, I enjoyed what I ordered and didn't experienced the dry fried chickens that some have mentioned.Value:  Varies depending on what you order, but I thought the Nest was a good deal when split with 2-3 other people.Ambiance:  Looks like a tiny franchise fast food place, but this is the only location.Service:  Was okay.  I don't think there is much to taking an order and picking it up at the counter or having it brought to you in a ~12x15 dining area.3 stars. A-OK!
5	I have gone to this place two days in a row for lunch and tomorrow I will probably make it three. I had the chicken and onion rings the first time and the chicken and waffles the second. It was only $7 with a drink in both cases. The chicken has a nice crunch and flavor on the outside and is moist and hot on the inside. Can't wait to try the beignets!
4	Probably closer to a 3.5.The chicken tenders (read: fingers) are delicious.  They are fried to a golden perfection (you hear that saying thrown around a lot, but really, they are).  They're served with your choice of dipping sauce, but honestly, if you add salt, they're perfect on their own.The garlic fries are very...well...garlic-y.  Almost overpoweringly so.  An hour later and I still taste the garlic in my mouth.  Depends on your preference, I guess.  There should be an option whether to garlic or not.I tried the beignets...they're essentially deep-fried squares of flour topped with powdered sugar.  For some reason, I imagined they would be slightly crunchy/crispy, but I was wrong.  It was soft and hollow.  I'm not sure if this has to do with the fact that the bag was dripping with yellow oil and had soaked through the pastry...at any rate, they were underwhelming.Chicken is the best part, but like I said, if it had more salt/seasoning on the outside, it would be perfect on its own.
2	It was ok, but I would not go back again. The chicken was good, but I have had better. The beignets left much to be desired. The fries and onion rings were tasty though. The food is served in styrofoam to-go containers even if you eat there. There are no fountain drinks....just a cooler to buy bottled drinks, so no refills here. The prices were good, except for the beignets....this were overpriced. Service was good and friendly. My other annoyance was that they offered no high chairs even though they offer "family specials" on their menu.
4	I've driven past here a dozen times and today was finally "one of these days" I'll try this place out. I wanted to go somewhere not quite breakfast and not quite dinner and I wagered that Chick & Benny's fit the bill. I had the chicken and waffles, and it was delicious. The chicken was moist strips of seasoned chicken breast; normally, I'm not a white meat fan, but C&B really nailed the execution and the chicken was not dried out. The waffle was vanilla malt batter, what I've always though a waffle ought to be. It was crisp on the outside and melted in your mouth. All of this for less than seven bucks.I will say their drink selection is limited, and bottled oj didn't really do it for me. An addition of fresh-squeezed juice would not be a bad idea.
1	Maybe the oil is too hot which makes the outside crust slightly burnt on the chicken. The waffles are edible at best. And, the price for the amount for avg food just makes no sense.  I like to support local options but this place just isn't much of one. Better off going to Chilli Palmer's or going to neighborhood wal-mart for their chicken and some egos. They try hard and they have a discount for after school.
2	Not that great.It's basically dry chicken, fries, and generic (and overpriced) beignets.  None of it is very good.  I like mom and pop places and love to give my support, but I just can't stand behind this one.  Probably the most annoying thing is something several people have mentioned... the ketchup situation.  My gosh, you would think you would just have them sitting out so people can use what they need.  I mean, I get that it's bad when people waste them.  However, it's better than making someone walk up to the counter to get one packet at a time.  I bet I had to get up 5 or 6 times because I'm a ketchup kind of girl.  It definitely put a damper on my meal, which was really subpar to begin with.
5	Yummy - My 2 year old even ate the coleslaw.  Since it is fresh cooked, food takes a while to cool down.  We will be returning.  Reasonably priced.  No high chairs visible, but I didn't ask.  Great for a fried food fix.
4	I don't typically order chicken tenders but Chick  & Benny's has one of the best chicken tenders I've tasted.Their tenders are coated with a panko bread crumb crust and was cooked perfect. most tenders I've tried from restaurants are the frozen type but seems like Benny's hand makes theirs. Its nice and moist and not too greasy. If your the chicken tender type try Chick & Benny's I assure you they wont disappoint.
3	I scored a Groupon Now offer and ordered the one dozen tenders family meal. Here is the breakdown:+ Really good honey mustard sauce. Not as powerful as most honey mustard sauces that you've probably tried, and that makes the difference.+ The hicken tenders are pretty big and juicy.+ In addition to in-store ordering, they have online (take-out or delivery) and drive-thru options available~ Garlic fries, or "g-fries" as they call it, didn't seem garlicky at first, but maybe that's because the seasoning wasn't mixed in evenly. But the texture was lacking from the start. It didn't have that definite crunchy shell and soft center that you would want from fries, even if it's shoestring.- I really didn't like the onion rings here. Not crunchy enough.- BBQ sauce was pretty mediocre. Nothing especially sweet or tangy, and doesn't seem to complement the chicken tenders.Honestly, I only tried this place because of the Groupon deal. Chicken Shack, another nearby, local place, pretty much outdoes this place in chicken and in fries, and there's a lot more sauces to choose from. To be fair, I didn't try the beignets that are the namesake for "Benny's," but that doesn't excuse what I ordered from being just "a-ok" at best.
5	Best chicken and waffles deal anywhere! Let's start with the chicken. Hand breaded, tender, juicy chicken breast with just the right amount of crispiness and seasonings!Waffles are light and complement the chicken nicely. Goes great with a hot cup of coffee or raspberry iced tea.Next the fries. Light crisp skinny fries, with a phenomenal parmesan herb seasoning sprinkled on top.Onion rings. Thick cut onions with a thicker badder. Fried to perfection.Beignets. Denser than I would like, but fried fresh to order. Loaded with powdered sugar. This place is a MUST try!!!
2	I had a groupon so I went for it.  This place is cute and very small (as in like eight 2 tops) and a very brief menu.  I went for the basket of strips and the full order of chicken and waffles.  The chicken strips are juicy and well seasoned.  The waffle was, for me, very pliable.  It had some stretch to it.  I'm used to the chicken and waffle being thinner waffles like Roscoe style, so this surprised me.  The fries in the basket were well seasoned too.I give it 2 stars because, as a chicken & waffles place, I compared it to Roscoe's.  That, and pliable waffles for me were a turn off.  Would I drive from west summerlin here again for chicken?  No.  But it was a nice try.
1	We did not stay long enough to taste the food. This restaurant is NOT kid friendly.  The do not have high chairs or booster seats.  Way to ensure you alienate yourself from half of your potential customers.  You would think that a restaurant would do whatever they could to ensure all customers could eat there. Especially since this experience took place at 10:30 am on what is usually considered a busy eating-breakfast-out day and there was not a soul in the restaurant.
1	I had a groupon for this place so I went there around 9 AM to check it out. I really wanted to like the place since I live close by and absolutely love chicken tenders.I went ahead and placed my order just fine, but once I showed her my groupon things went downhill quick. The guy in the back started saying something along the lines of "oh great our first groupon of the day" in a sarcastic tone like my friend and I were just wasting their time. He appeared to be one of the owners. So that made me feel pretty awesome. The lady then started writing down the numbers of the groupon and handed me back my phone. I was putting it into my pocket when she became very direct and in my opinion rude, accusing me of not hitting the redeemed button. I told her that I had hit redeemed and she then gave me the death stare and asked me to place my phone down on the counter. To say the least it was an extremely awkward situation. I was tempted just to leave but for some reason I truly thought the food would make up for the service.The food was ok. Chicken tenders were very juicy but to me they lacked any kind of real kick in flavor or crunch from the breading. The G-fries were pretty good though all the way around. Beignets were ok as well. I guess if you've never had the real thing then you would probably like them quite a bit. To be honest the service was horrible. I still can't believe how the owner who probably placed the ad would say something like that whether or not he thought I could hear him. As for the lady who actually took my order, I have no idea if it was just an off day or if she truly believes it's ok to talk to people and treat them like that. Maybe she's not a morning person but if that's the case they either should keep her off the morning schedule or just open later.Save yourself money and time and avoid this place. I'm being serious... run far far away.
5	The Groupon got us in the door. We used the owner's advice on what to order, and were'nt disappointed. The cole slaw was super fresh. The chicken was fresh,  flavorful with a nicely unique taste.  They also have a drive-thru if you're in a rush. We'll be back.
1	I was highly disappointed.  I've recently moved back to Vegas from the panhandle of FL and have actually had southern fried chicken and beignets from the official Cafe Du Monde in the French Quarter of Louisiana.  This place was not authentic.  The chicken was bland although to it's credit it was quite juicy.  Also the beignets were like sopapillas instead of the deep fried goodness I'm used to.  At least the iced tea I had was tasty.  Price was good but still not worth me coming back.
4	Perhaps 4 stars is a bit generous, but I stand by it and here's why.They do it a little different here, and that alone makes them worth a trip. If you're on a strict diet you definitely shouldn't come here. Everything is fried or made with thick batter. My girlfriend and I had just gotten out of the gym and decided it was a justified extravagance. I love the chicken tenders here. They are far from over cooked and retain quite a bit of juiciness. If you're planning on getting some tenders from a carls jr or something, I would encourage you to try this place out instead. Everything just ends up tasting fresher. We also had their garlic fries and onion rings. The fries were lightly seasoned and the garlic didn't overpower any of the other flavors. This can be a good thing or bad, depending on how you look at it. I certainly enjoyed them. THe onion rings are also great here. Large slices with lots of thick, fattening batter. Yum.I absolutely loved the SAUCE here-- key in giving them 4 stars. Their honey mustard is fantastic-- much better than your usual corporate fast food fare. Sweet and spicy.The barbecue sauce is good, better than you would get at most restaurants. I wouldn't be surprised if they make it themselves. Their jalapeno cream was a real standout. Very unique option for a dipping sauce. It was not an overbearing amount of spiciness (which I would have preferred) so it was easily enjoyable by my girlfriend. We didn't even bother using ketchup for the fries or onion rings because the sauces were just so good for everything.Look, this place doesn't pretend to be a high profile luxury dining spot. Comparing them to Roscoe's chicken and waffles is a tough sell because these guys are fast food, although I can see how one might be disappointed given that comparison. If you understand what you are getting and give them a chance, they will certainly live up to your expectations. So the next time you need something quick and fried, why not skip the huge corporate crap and give the little guys a try? You'll be glad you did.
2	I had been wanting to try this place since it was built.  We finally went and I was dissappointed to say the least. We got a full order of chicken and waffels and a nest.  When we got the chicken it was black around the edges and not very flavorful.  It was like they had not changed the oil in a long time.  The waffel was decent. The fries were really good.  Customer sevice was okay.  I will not be going back there.
5	"BEST FRIED CHICKEN STRIPS I HAVE EVER, EVER, HAD IN 55YRS OF EATING FRIED FOOD NATIONWIDE & IN 45 COUNTRIES!" Chef said these are fresh, not frozen whole chicken breast, cut up & marinated. Looked like 1/2 to 3/4 of a big chicken breast, lightly breaded, like Claim Jumper Restaurant use to do, their's was a Panko Bread Crumbs, until they got the crappy corn meal batter, after being bought by Landry's. IF YOU LOVED THE ORIGINAL CLAIMJUMPERS CHICKEN STRIPS, & I ATE THERE 100'S OF TIMES.  YOU WILL WANT TO RUN & CK OUT THESE DYNOMITE CHICKEN PIECES! Excellent spicy FREE sauces too!Better than Cane's too! The batter is lighter than Cane's, & these are juicier & fresher tasting too!SOUTHERN NEVADA'S ONLY~FRESH HOT DOUGHNUT BIEGNET'S TOO!!I had the ONION RINGS, & they were excellent. You can't get those at Cane's. The Jalapeno Ranch dressing was far superior to so called special~Cane's mayo based stuff, & it's free too, unlike Cane's!  Come on Cane's~ Charging for a sauce is a Ripoff!I got this restaurant on the Groupon, not expecting much for a probable fast food place. Boy was I wrong! I took my French Canadian girl friend & she really loved it. She said, & the chef confirmed it, this is the only place in Southern Nevada making FRESH BEIGNETS~ French doughnuts made fresh to your order! Never having eaten one of these, I best describe them as a rectangle pita bread shaped, chewy, powdered sugar doughnut. For a chewy hot taste treat, it was quite good. A unique longer lasting donut. Not a boom & it is gone regular light & airy donut. In my opinion the French had the right idea, sort of a desert gum, you get to enjoy it a little longer. My girl friend said these are a French popular treat. She said these were quite good. Prices, dirt cheap!!  Short on cash & you have kids who like great chicken tenders, this is the place for you. I went on Saturday around 4PM & there were a big group of high school kids sucking these down and a bunch taking them to go. They have TAKE OUT & I will be buying these over CANE'S, which are not as good or as dirt cheap a price! Having grown up on Southern fried food's, I love this stuff! I am going to see if I can get them to do fried Zucchini, which I absolutely loved at Claim Jumpers, until they brought in that AWFUL Landry's corn meal batter, it's like cement in the mouth! They had a nice flat screen LCD with a game on too! I highly recommend it for a Great mouth watering Fast Food Take-Out, over Cane's too!  Better Prices!Best Deal in Town! I will be coming back many, many times!'TO ALL MY OAKLAND RAIDER BUDDY'S & MILITARY FRIEND'S, YOU HAVE GOT TO TRY THIS PLACE OUT!"  "GO RAIDER'S!'GO THERE~ IT'S CAJUN & FRENCH CREOLE FAST FOOD AT IT'S BEST!
3	Yes...I went to redeem my Groupon coupon and I am on the fence whether I would return.  The chicken tenders are thick and juicy and I liked the honey mustard sauce.  G fries and beignets were okay.  However, the service and setup of restaurant needs a little work.  Why do you have to ask for plastic utensils?  The drink selection is limited and the side cooler is oddly placed.  I would actually have side cooler where soda is and move to a fountain soda setup.  The bathrooms and hallway are large compared to the relatively small dining area.  The tables are very lightweight and what is with the ugly metal trim around the walls?  Lastly, I am not a fan of the strip mall  with large auto repair shop and parking lot this place sits within.   So, it was okay but not I am not going out of my way to go again
3	There's a Creole saying that goes "He-goat makes the gombo; but Rabbit cats it."  I have no idea what it means.  It's confusing.  Almost as confusing as the chef's seasoning choices at Chick & Benny's.Their shoestring fries?  Brilliantly seasoned with Cajun flavor.  They are seriously good.  So good that I licked my fingers to get all the seasoning off.  Rather than just salting up the shoestrings, Chick & Benny's tosses them in a heavy Cajun seasoning that evokes the best flavors from New Orleans kitchens.So, why three stars?Here's the problem: It's a chicken joint and I am touting their fries.  Because, for some reason, the kitchen put no seasoning on the chicken fingers.  The chicken strips weren't all bad.  The chicken they used was quality and juicy (although a little tough).  The breading was crispy and crunchy like a good chicken finger should be.  But the flavor was lacking.  No seasoning on the chicken.  I wanted to rub the fries all over the chicken and hope the Cajun flavor would transfer.  Instead, I just drowned the chicken fingers in honey mustard.The beignets?  Quality, classic powdered sugar pastries--lightly fried and delicate.  I'm a fan.I want to like this place.  It's small and brightly-colored.  The staff was friendly and very welcoming.  Add in brilliant fries and quality beignets and the place earns 3 stars.  I just need the chicken to step up its game.
4	Small menu but it packs a yummy punch! The chicken is outstanding, huge portion and chicken is super juicy!  I wish they offered some sort of veggie just for the option of a balanced meal but I suppose if you go for Chicken & Waffles, you don't usually think of having your daily veg with it. Yummy and worth a try!
2	The breaded chicken was good, The wrapped hot dog, and so were the fries.  The person behind the counter that day, not so good.  I mean, if you are going to do business with Groupon and showcase your business with one of those popular 50% off for food coupons, at least put on a happy face and an "I want you to return for repeat business" attitude when you see happy me walk through the door with my printed out Groupon!  Also, walk to the back when you decide to say "Another Groupon, again!" Like it was some kind of social injustice that you willingly decided to promote your business with Groupon.  I've used Groupons with other businesses and they are more than happy and welcoming. So, I won't go back, unless another Groupon comes out....LOL
4	I was once again driving around for lunch this time I had no idea what I wanted to eat. I was zig zagging all over GV and Henderson getting farther and farther from work. If I passed Sunset Station I was going to turn around and suffer not eating lunch. Luckily C&B was there.For lunch they have a 2 chicken tenders, a side and drink for $5.50. I got some delicious meaty and juicy chicken tenders and garlic fries right out of the fryer. C&B made them quickly enough that I had time for dessert. Instead of going across the parking lot and hoping 808 Island Craves had some malasadas for me I went with what was here 3 beignets which only took seconds to fry and as fast to devour. If you do come to this plaza there's aren't a lot of parking.  There is even a battle for parking spots with all of the business there, a heated battle.  Be prepared to hear the owners mention this to you. There is a drive thru so you also don't have to hassle with parking.
3	Bought a groupon from here and was excited to use it. Got there about 6:30 and they were our of smoothies and the little puff pastry things they pretty much advertise for and are supposed to include with you order. Felt like I got kind of cheated out of my meal after driving all the way over there and I wasn't about to leave and come back another day. They at least should of had some type of rain check or substitute for maybe a waffle or something. Just kind of disappointed me because I was looking forward to trying this place and getting the whole experience. Over all the food was pretty good might return but they definelty have to do something about this "running out of stuff" situation.
2	Whoa. Not what I was expecting AT ALL. The tenders were okay but way too salty for my liking.  I think the waffle would have been okay but we had it delivered so it was mad soggy by the time I ate it. The garlic fries were delicious even if they were soggy.They didn't have the pasta salad that we wanted so they offered to change it up and gave me the choice of greens or slaw. I chose the greens and asked if it was the same price, he said "yes" but I checked the menu anyway and all the salads were the same price. When I opened the bag I was astonished at the size of the salad... And not the good type of astonished. You're better off buying a side salad from JoBos.Also, the beignets were completely off. They were deflated squares full of air and really tough for beignets that were only an hour old. I really expected more since they're in the name of the establishment.I had high hopes for this place but I'm disappointed with my experience to say the least. But like I say, I'm willing to try anything twice. Maybe next time I'll actually eat there.
4	Went to check this place out based on the purchase of a Living Social deal! That's how I usually scope out the next great place! Let me say...it was worth the drive! I drove clear across the Valley to get here and it was worth it! I would go regualrly if it were closer. But it was definitely worth the trip for the weekend. We started out with breakfast there and I had the beignets, since that is their specialty! I convinced the kids to try chicken and waffles for breakfast even though theu thought it sounded disgusting! LOL! They LOVED it! The waffles are EXCELLENT and the chicken was good. I've heard complaints about other C & W joints, but this one is yummy! The prices are very reasonable and even though the menu is quite limited we were satisfied. Coffee and warm beignets loaded with powdered sugar was a great way to start the day! I hope they open a location on the North end of town so I can enjoy them more often. The owners were quite friendly as well and they even brought the food to our table. There wasn't anyone else in the place at the time, so we appreciated the one on one attention! I'm telling every one to go check it out!
4	It's freshly made.  Legitimately freshly made.  You order, you pay, they make it, they serve you.  Again, freshly made. Clearly, I'm impressed by the fact that it's freshly made.  I ordered the Chicky (I think, sorry, I was distracted by the smell of the seasoning) which is a plate of three chicken tenders, your choice of side (garlic fries ftw), and a canned soda.  So these chicken tenders, hi, awesome.  They're more like small chicken breasts breaded in pankow and fried to a dark golden brown, and super moist upon taking a bite.  I ordered the jalapeno ranch dipping sauce (it comes with the combo) and it was tasty, though I didn't use it very often because the chicken and the fries were so well seasoned.  The fries, by the way, are crispy and seasoned with garlic and some other herbs I can't identify, but nonetheless, very tasty.  I indulged in some beignets, too.  Also, freshly made!  They were a little dense for my preference, but very tasty any way.  So yeah, it's freshly made, and it's tasty, and it's convenient (they have a drive-thru).  Definitely a big improvement over chain stores, so if you have a chance, take a moment and check this place out. PS.  The lady that took my order was really pleasant and patient with me.
3	Chicken fingers were similar to homemade, not bad, fries were decent. Beignet, as others have mentioned, a little chewy. When I asked for dipping sauces and ketchup they brought me a Paul Newman's honey-mustard (which is okay, but...why? Honey mustard is so simple to make) and one packet of ketchup. It felt like they were carefully rationing their sauces. I'd like to support a small local business, but the food is very average.
1	This place is outright nasty food. We went in at about 7 pm and showed the people the groupon and the owner was bragging to us how groupon came to him pleading and wanted his business in. Pretty sure it's the other way around. Cuz the food here is bland, burnt and soggy. We did not even just order a few items. I went with 4 people and we all ordered something different. The fries were soggy and dark brown with a garlic salt thrown on it. They were soo salty it felt like I was sucking on a salt lollipop the whole day. The chicken was anything but what I expected. Burnt Panko all over the chicken, and when we told the owner he said that's how it's suppose to be. The chicken had no flavor and wasn't seasoned. Waffles were limp as a noodle. I would Nvr return here not even if they were giving stuff for free. Reading the other reviews I think they have something against groupon users. If they don't like it they should stop posting it up. It's not like groupon is putting it up without their consent.
2	Four of us had to wait 1hr for food. The cook in the back was fighting with the cashier and the cashier was telling everyone she did not have enough chicken. Service was horrible. Two people for a place full of customer is not good. A few people walked out including us. I wish I could of tasted the food.
