3	This is a tiny little Avis place hidden away in strip mall shopping center. Very few cars available. Don't expect a high-level of customer service, but it's fine enough. Unlike the Avis location closer to me, this one is actually open on Sundays. However, you can't return your rental after-hours.
1	The absolute worst place I have ever done business with! To start off with the lady I talked to on the phone didn't even know how to give me directions to their location or didn't even know what corner they were located on only knew they were near Trader Joes then when I finally got there the process seems simple then I left with my rental car I least my car on a Thursday and paid for one week and my rental car was given to me dirty I've been received a phone call from a girl in their office asking for a different person not even myself and I asked the girl if she was looking for me she said no then I get numerous phone calls from a blocked number then finally they told me it was a vis rent a car and that my rental was up on a Wednesday which would only be 6 days not 7 then the kid on the phone told me I was wrong and I was an idiot so we exchange words on the phone I was told to bring down the vehicle which I did then when I got there to return the vehicle they were very rude customer service was very bad and didn't even I know how to work the computers I was there for about 45 minutes trying to return the vehicle this is the absolute worst place to lease a vehicle I would not recommend this business to anybody stay far far away from this business!!!!!!!!!
5	I just went to Avis today after my car got wrecked. They were very nice and patient. I literally had the worse day and I appreciate how great they were to me. I would definitely recommend AVIS greenvalley. The process was quick and easy and the prices were really good. My rental car was in great condition for the most part.
5	Great customer service, they went above and beyond!  They were waiting for us at the airport by the time we stepped out, gave us great directions to our location and even gave us a phone number to call if we had a need at any time.  The vehicle they provided was even better than we expected....highly recommended if you are in this area.
1	This is the worst customer service I have ever received.  I rented a car from them the Green Valley  location.  I had to extended it for 3 weeks each week I called in I was told no problem I also asked is this going to be the same rate as the previous week I was told YES.  On the 4th week the lady (Rebecca) told me I could not extend the car another week I had to come in and do a new contract I wanted to know why at any time I spoke with them on the last 3 weeks they didn't tell me this and could I speak to someone else.  She told me to speak to the owner but he wouldn't be in till the following morning then she hung up on me.  I rented a car from Hertz and then turned my car in because of her rude tone and the fact that she hung up on me.  When I turned the car in I found out the had raised the rental price by $100.00 a week I had ask each time I extended if I was getting the same rate and each time I was told yes only now to find out no it increased and there was nothing she could do.  I called the following morning to try to resolve the increase and was treated the same by the lady that answered and told there's nothing she can do.  I also found out that it is owned by her and her husband and the girl that was so rude the night before was her daughter.  I am now dealing with corporate I have to wait 24 to 48 hours for a call back. I am hoping Avis will resolve this because if I was told of the increase I would have turned the car in after the 1st week.  Even if this was the last place to get a rental I would NEVER use them again!!
1	I rented a car last month and I still have a hold on my account. When I called to talk to them they were very unprofessional and rude. While the car was nice and rates competitive I will never go back. All they had to do was be pleasant, you are in the service industry and customers are what keep you in business. I will not be returning.
