5	I've had my share of car issues and most recently it came time to purchase a new car (lucky me!) While the car hunt can be tedious and tiring, World Motors makes it seamless. The staff goes above and beyond to assist you in finding the car that's right for you. They do so in a professional and efficient manner that almost makes you want to purchase a car every day. Customer service is very important when it comes to buying a new car and World Motors has it mastered. If you are looking for a used car, I suggest you contact World Motors. They even provided me with a reference for a great mechanic in town for future use.
5	I have purchased 2 vehicles from World Motors, and they have earned my business long-term.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  I was able to get exactly what I was looking for at a great price, with no hassle.  They have the best deals in town, even better than private party sellers.  Highly recommended.
1	If you want to buy a car from the shadiest dealer in the state, by all means, World Motors is your place.  We purchased a car that we were assured was in mint condition.  When we showed up to pick up the car, it had thousands of miles more than advertised.  Thousands!  "It's never been in a wreck!" they claimed.  Later that night, it was brought to my attention that the navigation system did not work at all.  By the time we got it home, one state away, the paint on the back bumper was starting to chip.  Within the month, without any physical damage from our end, 1/3 of all the paint on the rear bumper had chipped off.  This is a luxury high end car they claimed to sell us! The body shop we took the car to up here said that the only reason for this was because the car had been in a wreck, and the bumper had been recently (and poorly) repainted.  When contacted, the owners basically told us that because it had been past 15 days, they would not do a thing.  I've never met more crooked people in my life.  Save your money and go elsewhere.  Don't let them rob you like they did us.
1	Avoid these shysters at ALL COSTS. My car had a burnt up clutch one day after the 15 day warranty, putting my life in danger. This bunch of crooks said, oh, not under warranty, not our problem, but offered their mechanic to "fix" it at wholesale. Not admitting any guilt in putting a car in that condition on the lot for sale. Wouldn't identify the  mystery mechanic, gave me no information on repair or parts or warranties, just a bill. Two months later, the turbo on the engine went, costing me another $4000. This car was advertised in "pristine" condition. I am assuming that means they washed and vacuumed it. The REAL mechanic I took it too said they never even bothered to change the oil or give it a tuneup before they sold it to me. And when you complain to t hem, all you will get is the "sorry, after the 15 day lemon law warranty not our problem." Knowing full well that the car was sold in poor condition, knowing that they'd lied about it, knowing that whatever went wrong would be after the 15 days and they wouldn't have to do a thing. Might not be illegal, but unethical as hell. These guys are the lowest of the low.
5	I am in Florida and I knew that I wanted a 5 series BMW 2011 or newer. I looked high and low locally, but everything was overpriced. I searched online with the unlimited distance option selected and I'm so glad I did because I found World Motors. I was skeptic at first because it was six thousand less than the best price I found in FL. Gino from World Motors explained that it was a lease buy back so I started researching BMW buy backs. After I researched everywhere online and found out that the same car locally was also a buy back at six thousand more I decided to pull the trigger. Unfortunately they had just sold it, but Gino found me another one with the color I was looking for the next day. He sent detailed pictures. I had the car shipped for 750 and it arrived in perfect condition. I have been driving it for three months and there have been no problems at all. Working with Gino and World Imports was easy. I highly recommend using them and saving some money by shipping if you are from out of town.
5	These guys were great to work with.  Very straight forward and honest.  It literally took me less than 20 minutes to buy a beautiful Mercedes.  I'm not sure what the complainers are talking about.  Gino was very upfront about everything regarding the car and we've been very happy.
1	I bought the lemon car from this dealership over a year ago. I have spent THOUSANDS in repairs, and have verification from the original dealership on the horrible condition it was in mechanically when sold to me. This dealership continues to threaten me and slander me and post these nasty comments and responses more than a year later. Shouldn't they be working on improving their rep instead of kicking this dead horse? Shows what jerks they really are. Get a real job boys.Now, almost two years after I have purchased this car, after I have had validation from the original dealership about the poor shape it was in when it was sold to me, they continue to bash me here, and claim I am "slandering" them when they absolutely will not own up to anything they claimed, anything they promised, or the agreements we made about my trade in, which they had COMPLETE information on. More lies from these slimeballs. I am amazed they are still in business.
5	I have bought 2 cars from World Motors. They have been very professional and very helpful during and AFTER the sale. Gino is great to work with. When I need another car I will be back. Both times my car was super clean and in the showroom for instructions on the car. both were convertibles and I needed instruction on them.
5	I don't know about the experiences some other people here had, but in all my interactions with the guys here, they've been nothing but extremely helpful. It's a family-run business, so it's not going the be the experience you get at Chapman, but that's a good thing! These guys care that you get the right vehicle for you. Even after you purchase a car with them, they go out of their way to help you, even with something as trivial as an oil change. I've bought my last 3 cars here, 2001 BMW 325, 2004 Stratus (college car), and 2006 BMW 325 Ci. None of these cars were lemons. The '01 was crashed by my sister, the Stratus was t-boned while in college (thank goodness I'd downgraded), and I'm still driving the '06 BMW convertible without a problem. Never so much as an engine light.These guys are great! You'll get the best deal in town with them!
5	Even though I didn't end up buying a car from World Motors, they were nothing but helpful in my endeavor to buy a new set of wheels. I contacted World Motors when I was on the hunt for a Prius. Unfortunately, they had recently sold the Prius I was looking for, however the gentlemen at World Motors proceeded to help me find a Prius from another dealer, and continued to help me through the process of buying the car. Stand up guys! I definitely recommend you check out this spot the next time you are on the hunt for a new car.
1	i tried to buy a car from them, spoke with them several times about the car , it was a 2012 750i bmw, market price.. they wanted me badly to pay a deposit eventhough i said i will be there tomorrow ... it felt fishy when they also wanted me to wire the money immediately, so i checked carfax  and i was shocked to know that carfax stated that the car is A LEMON... i was really unhappy about that and couldn't believe it ... they responded by saying ... " we told you it was a dealer repurchase ".. ha !!?? dealer repurchase means that it came from a lease NOT A LEMON.. .. i lost my ticket money... so i personally won't deal with these ppl at all.
5	I love cars but hate, hate, hate buying cars!!!!   I have spent hours at other dealerships being hijacked and tugged around going from salesman to manager and back and forth to the point that I was exhausted.  I will never go to a Toyota dealership again after an experience last month!  However World motors was COMPLETELY opposite of other dealers!  No haggle price, no need to argue price.  They were already cheaper for a much nicer car than any other dealer we had been to.   We were in and out in less than 20 minutes!  They were even able to get me better loan rate than any other bank or credit union i had seen!!  After I already agreed to buy the car they asked if I wanted the windows tinted, which I did.  I fully expected them to say it was an additional $100 fee , but to my surprise Tyler said it was free since they usually do it all their cars.  WHAT other dealer would do that after the agreement was already made!!!!Best buying experience I have EVER had!!!  I will definitely return!
4	I just purchased my second car from World Motors. They were courteous, fast and efficient. No slimy salespeople here. Everyone is super professional. I got an amazing deal and I couldn't be happier. I paid about $10,000 less than Schumacher wanted for the same Mercedes. It is a small dealership so they don't have much to choose from. You need to be patient and wait for the right car. I just kept checking their website for inventory. They are my go-to people for used Mercedes in Scottsdale.
5	Tyler has always gone out of his way to make buying cars from him fast and stress free. I've purchased three cars from him in the past 3 years and have been very happy with my purchases.  I recommend all friends and family to world motors.
1	I called to inquire about a hybrid vehicle that I am interested in trading my car for. The man that I spoke with called me 'sweetie' three times, told me the guy traded it in because he bought a BMW and 'stepped up in the world' and informed me that he did not know anything about these 'Chevys', only knew about Bmw's and such I should call the Chevy dealer to get more information on this car. What a fantastic salesman! Needless to say, I am inclined to spend 10k more on the Toyota hybrid I saw at another dealer rather than deal with someone as unprofessional as this.
5	These guys made buying a car a pleasant experience. Prices were great,  didn't need to haggle. Brian was awesome
5	I used World Motors to have some body work done on my car and I was so very happy with how it turned out. The car looks great! Tyler was awesome to work with and very helpful on what they could fix within my price range. Every time I reached out to Tyler with a question, he was very accommodating and prompt to respond. I would highly recommend World Motors for your vehicle needs!
