4	This place recently open and it's just like any other HDOS place. Employees are friendly. Will start small talk while corn dog is being fried. They serve you with a smile. I like their lemonades, there are three different flavors to choose from. To me it seems that the corn dogs there are quite small compared to other HDOS places I've been to, and the price for it doesn't sit well with me.Be wary of  people on disability scooters, they will run you over and not give a F***.1 star for the place & 3 stars for the service.
3	Another one of the new places in the food court at the Excalibur Hotel. Like the other food places there, they are currently offering special deals so be sure to take advantage of them while you still can! I recommend getting their lemonade if you feel like drinking something chilled and refreshing (and are tired of drinking water lol). Also a good place for a quick bite. Their fries are pretty good.
4	Ate here on June 3, 2013Individual corn dog is $3.75 each. Fries where good, not busy so got my food real hot.
4	Located in the Excalibur food court and like all other Hot Dog on a Stick locations, it is a great place to get a snack or some lemonade. However, if you're looking to have a full meal it may get a little pricey. The employees are very nice, fast and efficient even when this place gets busy and a line forms. I would highly recommend their lemonade, get the lime/green one!
4	As we walked around the food court at Excalibur, I noticed someone carrying a tremendous, golden brown, crispy-fried corn dog. Hello, delicious food on a stick! I wasn't really in a "hot dog mood".  I never am, to be honest, but after giving up on the other lack of options, we went back to look at the menu. Holy veggie hot dog! What are you doing up there??!! I had no idea this place also fries up veggie dogs. On a stick. In golden brown, fried dough!  I was a little reluctant. Would it look the same? How would it taste? I didn't know, but I gave it a shot and hot diggity dog I'm glad I did.  Yum yum yum.  While the veggie dog (mine)($3.69) and beef dog (husband's)($4.39) were cooked in the same fryer, I thought about the surprising fact that the veggie dog was less expensive! How is that possible?!  We ordered a fry to share ($2.79) and a Light Lemonade (with sugar substitute) ($3.69 for large)Everything was really good. We were the last customer of the night or else I probably would've ordered another dog, even though I really wasn't that hungry after the first one.  I wish EVERY food establishment would have a veggie option. Most of the time it's going to be a very tasty, healthier, guilt-free treat.  I do eat meat, but if there's a veggie option, I always take it! Glad I did here, The food was great!
5	We had a coupon for a buy one item and regular lemonade, get one item free. So, we got a regular cherry lemonade and two pepperjack cheese dogs. I've had both before, and you can't go wrong. This location was no exception. The girl working behind the counter was very sweet and friendly. She took our name when we ordered, and it wasn't too long before she called it out telling us our food was ready. Overall, a great experience!
