5	no hanky panky here.. the idea of these places scare me a bit as you never know if its legit or not...Couples massage was the goal and didnt want to go to a pricy hotel/casion so "BF" and I lovvvveeeddd it here!! Great comfy chairs did the trick at the end of the day by themselves then came the steaming water for the feet and then the "massagy"... the service was sincere and detailed... fought off falling asleep countless times.. I'm on my feet a lot and the face/neck/shoulder/foot massage was 38 bucks for a full hour.. tipped ten and they were very appreciative.. (unlike most people in the service industry).. really like to see that they didn't take a tip for granted... fighting the urge to get pampered again too soon but might be the only spot I go again...
5	In Vegas for tile, rug and furniture shopping. Mid-August, 2011 3 PM...called and asked if they could take a group of five; three adults and two girls, aged 8 and 10.They got us right in (bad business times?) and gave us wonderful massages. For $38 a piece we got the head, neck, shoulders, back and foot massage for one hour. It was fabulous! I've had massages all over the world, including many in China, and this was one of the best.The girls had never had a massage before and are now addicted. As young athletes they'll use them in the future!We were all treated differently according to our needs/wants. First class operation. Hope they continue to do well financially until the Las Vegas market picks up!
5	OMG - one of the best massages I've had - For $20 I received a 1 hr massage from head to toe, I can't wait to try a full body massage for $38.  Sooooo happy I left a $10 tip.
5	Took my mom here for a day outing and we loved it!!! We were so relaxed afterwards and you cannot ask for a better price! They were very clean and did not short us even a minute! Worth a try!!
5	Very clean and friendly staff. The ambience is comfortable and relaxing and the massage has always been fantastic. The affordable price helps me have the chance to come every week!
1	My boyfriend and I came here because of the good reviews... Seriously a mistake and makes me wonder how genuine the other reviews are.Worse massage we've both ever had & we've had many. We had the dull body massage, which was $50. Fine that is fair, but they didn't do much but rub our backs and fondle our feet for an hour on top of burning our backs with hot rocks we didn't ask for. When I yelped (no pun intended) she said "rocks comfortable." Umm no they're not! On top of it, she kept answering the phone and if I was lucky she'd massage me with the one free hand if the conversation was simple enough.When it was time to pay.. Our 15% tip wasn't good enough. She said there is a minimum $10 tip for service. That's messed up. Don't waste your time and money.
5	So my honey and I wanted to get a couples massage to celebrate an early Valentine's Day. We had couples massages before at The Palms and Lilly's on Spring Mountain. We wanted to try somewhere new so we googled and read the reviews on this place and decided let's try it out. We called and made an appointment (appointment is required) When we walked in the place was extremely clean big plus! The ladies very nice and attentive. We waited maybe 5 minutes before they came in. At first I was apprehensive because I'm use to massage tables and they had recliners that lay all the way down but it was very comfy. We are a couple that will try anything once and man oh man we are so glad we did!! I'm extremely sensitive on my lower back and my honey likes a deep tissue and both ladies met our needs. We got a full body massage from head to toe and just when I thought man this is the BEST massage I ever got, she started massaging me with hot stones. OMG it felt unbelievable! We paid $50 each for a couples hour massage and we will definitely be back. Only thing I wish they had was a spa (hot tub or steam room) but is ok, they just received two regular customers!
2	The lady performing the massage kept getting up and leaving my massage for various reasons (using the bathroom, setting up for other customers, etc). The lady stated she would give me extra time which meant 30 secs. The upside it was a 30 dollar massage with tip. With all the options around there I would suggest something else.
