3	This place has kind of a small business feel for a franchise location of a big national chain.  The people here are extremely friendly.  I booked a truck through the Budget website, and the reservation went fine except for a small issue that they worked around.I did a weekday move and needed to return the truck after-hours.  The website only said that there may be a fee; However, this location doesn't have a key drop box, and they lock up the lot.   I clearly made the reservation saying that I would return the truck at night (8:30pm), so they allowed me to keep the truck through the next afternoon without charging me for a second day.  It was a little inconvenient, but a fair enough solution.  They also said I could park in the shopping center next store and put the key through the mail slot, but I was not comfortable with that.  I felt better leaving the truck in front of my house instead of on private property and in open view of a busy road.The prices of the trucks are about the same as a U-Haul, but for slightly smaller sizes.  But there are several online coupons you can find with a quick google search to make it much cheaper.  Overall, it's a much better deal if you take a few seconds to look for those coupon codes.
1	Disgusting company. The car you ordered will never be there. Then they ask you to change some other cars which is much smaller!!! They even said yaris is in the same size of focus! So it is not worth to spend that much to rent a car in their company!!
3	Well, we just moved. This is not a review of the wisdom of moving in the middle of summer in the Valley of the Sun, or I would give that a solid 1 star. However, this is a review of Budget Truck Rental. We were satisfied with the 15 foot truck we rented. We found the staff helpful and friendly. However, there were too few of them. It took over 45 minutes to rent and another 30 to return the truck. This was all due to having to wait for our turn in line.Here a a few suggestions. Reserve the truck online and use a coupon code easily found after a google search. If you can, move during the week. The online coupon codes are better for Sunday thru Thursday. Also, we found out that online reservations must be made at least 24 hours in advance.
1	My complaint is with the policies of Budget Truck Rental Corporate. They only guarantee their rates when you make reservations. They do not guarantee that there will be a truck available at time of pickup. However if you don't pick up your truck on time they charge you $50.As a result I wasted the entire Saturday waiting for them to get me a truck. That was 2 days ago they still haven't found me a truck. I called them today and they're sorry they can't help me other than reserving the rate again.They would not reimburse me for my manpower expenses because they didn't have a truck ready because they only guarantee the rate. There is no guarantee that a truck will be ready at time of pick up.
1	This company is horrible. They have the "small business feel" of three people that seem inconvenienced when you want to rent a truck from them. They like to claim things are fraud that actual successful businesses do everyday. They have horrible customer service skills and even work business practice/ethics. Thanks to them, i'll never use another budget truck rental again - our company used them often. I will pay extra money for adequate service, theirs wasn't even that.
1	Don't expect good service or a moving truck to be ready when you need it, like when you really need it, did everything proper and scheduled things a week in advance. I showed up 15 min before my pick-up time and my truck was not available for another hour because it needed an oil change. Well, I had movers showing up in 45 min and then moving out-of-state the next morning. Time is of the essence and they didn't even try to offer a discount or anything - just said I had to wait. Luckily U-Haul down the street had a truck available. The unprofessionalism and lack of concern for the customer was beyond enervating. I will NEVER EVER rent through Budget again because of this - truck rental or car.
3	Well, it is one year later, and I am once again moving in the oppressive heat of AZ Summer. I used Budget Truck rental again. I was able to find a 25% discount code online, but had to call the 800 number to reserve the 24ft truck since it was not showing available online. They were only able to apply a 20% discount for a midweek move (Sunday)The people were friendly as last time. The process to pick up the truck was also faster. Unfortunately, I got the older 24ft truck that is used only for in-town moves. I recommend you make sure they open the interior of the truck to make sure it has been swept out after the last move. mine wasn't.  I did not realize HOW dirty it was until loading the truck and everything slid along the bottom was covered in dirt. In addition, it had a lurching motion on the road and a distracting dirty front windshield.One nice feature of the 24ft truck is the lift gate instead of ramp. It is very worth the extra cost.When I returned the truck and mentioned the issues, they were nice enough to discount the rental price and apologize about the condition.
