5	Salon Renew is in the heart of old town: a tiny tiny 2-person salon steps away from Shotgun Betty's and the rest of the bar-central area of Scottsdale. Though tiny, the salon is surprisingly cute and well put together: small chandeliers from the ceiling, area for coffee, wine and beer (and even snacks) and a patio for waiting/restrooms and hanging out. Not bad for a 16x16 room-sized salon. I came here on a whim as a friend recommended it to me. No yelp reviews, no Google mentions, no website. To say that I was terrified is an understatement, as I was getting my hair cut for a donation (so 8-10" off) and I did not know any stylists in the area. Rest assured that I am a hair stylist's worst nightmare: I only cut my hair once a year, i'm terrified of what they will do, I need constant re-assurance, I bitch because it hurts when my hair gets pulled and I check up on progress every 10 seconds or so. Hair stylists hate me, and with good reason.Despite all my horrible-customer skills, Samantha somehow managed to get me to trust her, enjoy my haircut and not freak-out. I was cutting my hair SHORT for the first time since in 16 years. We discussed in great lengths (no pun intended :) )how the haircut would look and what I wanted, she prepped my pony tail for the donation, gave me a glass of wine the size of my head and then calmed me down while i looked at this giant pony tail now detached from my head.Most importantly, she gave me a haircut that fit my lifestyle: low maintenance, no products required, no blow-drying/curling/ironing or any of that crap. Something that will last until the next haircut, which will probably not happen for another year. It seems somewhat silly to praise someone so much for just listening about your lifestyle demands and find something appropriate, but you would be surprised how many stubborn and big-headed stylist are out there... and I seemed to have met all of them.Anyways, I know one review doesn't say much about a place, but I took a huge risk by coming here (with no reviews) and now you can take a smaller risk by coming to a place with one review. Its baby steps nonetheless, but in the right direction. Enjoy.
5	I have been following Samantha for many years.  She really knows what she is doing and listens to what I want to do with my cut and color, not what she thinks I should want.  I am a wannabe blonde and she makes me look like I was born with it!   I especially love the location in Old Town.  The salon make me feel at home and it is very private.  Parking is easy and I don't have to be exposed to a bunch of other people while I am looking "gorgeous" in my foils.  She isn't just fabulous with women's hair, I have seen the men she cuts.  There is a reason they keep coming back.  She is current on styles and really knows her stuff.  I hope she can do gray well, because I will be following her for a very long time!
5	Salon Renew is an incredible gem in the heart of scottsdale. A two woman operation with phenomenal stylists who can cut and color like no others. I'm new to the area and worried about finding a replacement for my beloved hairdressers there. I'm never looking back! So in love with this place! Do yourself a favor and make an appointment. Happy hairdressing!
