5	Also known as "Park Road Car Wash".  Just as good or better than auto bell and cheaper.  Make sure to turn left after exiting the wash and have your car hand dried.  If you bought super or interior cleaning this is also where you go.  There's a little mailbox type container on the post if you want to leave a tip.  Very friendly and diligent.
2	I have found them to be less than accomodating or helpful.
2	VERY hit or miss.  They use a superior system (lammscloth) to get your car clean.  However, it never seems to get certain types of debris (bird droppings, leaf stains) fully removed.  My wheels never come out looking great, lots of brake dust and build up always remain.  I've found myself using a brush at home to get clean.  The workers that dry off the often use "shortcuts", make sure to have them dry off the inside door seals.  They are supposed to do this and other smaller detailing things, but causually "forget".  Overall, the employees are not very thorough, less so than Autobell. They ran a "groupon" special, which expired on 2/4.  Coincidently, they were closed 2/4 AND 2/5.  So now I'm out 2 free washes.
4	Good Car Wash.  It was quick and clean.  The pre-sprayed the wheel wells and pressure washed some of the harder areas.  The cost was reasonable. Nothing broke on my car going through it, so it gets a A+
5	These guys consistently do a great job at an affordable price. I like that it's a local place and not a national chain. Just tell the old guy at the entrance what you want and he'll honestly steer you in the right direction, cost wise.
5	Great service, great result. These guys always do a fantastic job washing my truck when I bring it in. My car is very large (Hummer H1) so I don't trust putting it through a machine, this guys do a fantastic job hand washing and waxing it. It always shines and looks in perfect condition right after. If you are looking for a quality hand wash in the Charlotte area this is the place to go.
3	So far the best car wash I have found in Charlotte. Always exceptional customer service-fast, friendly and efficient. Dilworth car wash is locally owned and I have not had the time to have one of my cars hand washed at Dilworth, but I have now gone several times to have my car vacuumed out and cleaned up. I am not a fan of the drive thru car washes, but with the set up at Dilworth you actually sit in your car as it runs through the car wash, then drive it around to where they vacuum it, dry it and apply armor all, deodorizer or any other extras. Twice I have taken my car by Dilworth after returning from driving up to the mountains. Both times not all of the bugs were removed from the front of the car and every time I have gone to Dilworth they do not take enough time drying off the car so there is always water spots and water strips left underneath the doors, trunk is not opened and wiped down so there is dirt and water built up in the trunk lid reservoir and except for once, they didn't even open the gas door and dry out that area so water was left to drip from there. The vacuum service is very quick so usually it is also only half done. Every time I have taken one of the cars to Dilworth I have stopped immediately after leaving and spent an additional 15-20 minutes completing the wipe down so all of the water and dirt is off the car and if any bugs or dirt were left on the car, I have gotten it off.The location is convenient, staff friendly, but the service is ok, nothing special and definitely not a well done job. Until I can find somewhere in Charlotte/Dilworth/SouthEnd area that does awesome hand wash car washes for a reasonable price in a reasonable time, Dilworth will do.
