4	"Their napkin budget must be HUGE!" -@Kerri M.I wanted to come here for my birthday but wasn't sure when it would open- lo and behold they were!  While we didn't get the FULL experience (kitchen was closed, staff was training, etc.- hence the 4 stars) I KNOW this place is going to be fabulous!The outside area has cabana seating, a DJ and alcoholic sno-cones!!  Napkins covered every inch of the dining room floor and the bbq pork pizza and drinks we had were fab!  I really can't wait to sample the rest of the menu and wouldn't be surprised if I'm here on Friday for the real deal!
4	The folks who work there are great! Across street from Primantisis, Taverna is a destination spot.  There is a large outdoor patio behind a tall brick wall.  Inside the courtyard, a cool fountain, lots of spaces to relax in, couches, tables with umbrellas, a double length outdoor bar.  The menu was great, well thought out.  Chef came out and said "Hi!", which was nice, him taking time to make some face time for the customers. Nice selection of food, and nicely priced.  Something for every budget or taste.And when I say "destination spot", this is a place to end up at, or to start at, and never leave.Now, the only thing that I really did not like, was the overly loud dance mix music that the DJ was playing, in the afternoon.  At night, it would have been great.  Daytime, not so much.  I was still sober, so it was a bit loud.  And afternoons, I actually just like background music.  With words, Country, Adult Contemporary, Pop, that is better in the afternoon.  Later on, crank it up.  Daytime?  Not so much...Having said all that, I am going to make this a regular stop on my every other weekend that I have off that I spend on the Strip.  Taverna 19, then do my shopping after Taverna.  Really, they really got it right.  Oh, and I am out of time, so I can't even begin to tell you how GREAT they have set up the interior.  Seriously, this is a large but intimate space.  VERY nice.  Go see this place now, and you will discover that you actually can get good food, at a place with a club like atmosphere, in Pittsburgh.
5	My fiance and I were trying to figure out what to do on a Saturday night and I remembered someone mentioning a new place in the Strip opening up. I did my research on the drive up and I was curous to see how their idea would be laid out. Upon arrival, you are greeted with a very ornately decorated foyer and smiling employees buzzing around. We are arrived shortly before 7pm and were told about live entertainment starting soon and I said seat us there! I was handed a stack of napkins by a server and assumed that was a polite gesture to let me know something was on my face. Then the music began, napkins started flying and two bellydancers came out into the area. As they were performing, they encouraged patrons to get up and dance as well. My fiance, who is a bit more on the conservative side, got up and participated. Their dancing was not vulgar by any means and the crowd definitely followed the silk donned women around the room. After their performance and the excitement died down a little, we ordered a few small plates to try some things out and a couple specialty drinks that were jumping off the menu at us. About an hour later, the ladies returned for more shimmies and napkin tossing. This is definitely the place to go with friends and family when you don't want to experience just a dinner. This is probably the only place that offiers this level of excitement and vibe without any extra charge. We will definitely be returning to try out their full menu and I'll make sure it's a night with the bellydancers- I may learn a thing or two :)
1	Belly Dancing.  If you go to Taverna 19 for "Greek Food," and you actually know what Greek food is supposed to taste like, you will be genuinely disappointed.  This is a large place and it does have tons of potential.  What it is missing is true Greek food.  The lamb is incorrectly spiced.  It is incorrectly cooked.  Doing this properly take a lot of time and effort.  It takes Greek culinary expertise which is the main ingredient that is missing from this place.  Did you want a frappe? Have you ever had a frappe in Greece?  If so, do not order one when you are visiting Taverna 19.  Ever eat Greek feta cheese?  How about red feta?  What in the world is red feta? This is simply not a Greek food item.  The stuffed grape leave and spanakopita, basic Greek dishes, zero authenticity at Taverna 19.  Belly Dancing.  If you're not really hungry, it makes up for the lack of a menu and for truly bad tasting food.  Do yourself and your friends a favor - eat elsewhere.
3	First, let me just say that I would highly recommend this place and the food was very, very good! We sat outside, got a variety of food, and the hummus is some of the best I've ever tasted! My friend got the Spinaki pizza and it was amazing!!That being said, I have never had worse service. Ever!! The waiter didn't take two of our group's dinner orders (how does that happen?!?!) and our food came out all at different times! Now, I can understand a group of 6 can be difficult, but two people got their dinner orders at the same time as one person's appetizer (3 people had no food). Then, about 5 minutes later, two more dinner orders came out (my one friend had the appetizer, so her dinner came 5 minutes later which is a personal pet peeve). Then, about 5 more minutes later, we got the other two dinners. To top things off, 10 minutes after that my other friend finally got her appetizer....AFTER SHE ALREADY RECEIVED HER DINNER! I could maybe understand this if it was crowded, but there were literally two tables at the entire place. At the end of the meal, we all had to re-tell the waiter what we had to eat, and then 15 minutes later we finally had our checks.I will go back there, the other staff was very personable and the atmosphere is great, but if I get the same waiter, I'm going to the bar or getting take out!
3	We tried this place over the weekend with some friends.  I was shocked at how huge the facility here was - it's a restaurant, bar and club, all rolled into one.  We sat in the outside area at first, which was quiet for a while, but soon they started with very loud music and a belly dancer.  I think she was supposed to make people start dancing, but we hadn't even eaten dinner yet.  The music was so loud it made conversation impossible, so that wasn't the best.  We ordered a hummus appetizer to share, and then our dinners.  Our meals and the appetizer came out at the same time, which was weird.  In general, the service seemed disjointed and disorganized.  For dinner, I had a burger, which was a bit dry... just okay.  I probably wouldn't come back here to eat, but maybe to hang out or take the free salsa lesson at the club upstairs.
4	Skipped the line at Primantis and came over here, glad we did. The gyro is better than a Primanti's steak and cheese, and the atmosphere is definitely less hectic. Got the side Greek salad which was fine.  Wasn't crowded, no server issues.
1	Tried to get a group together to watch the steeler game. Problem was, the place wasn't open on Sunday - like they say they are.
