5	Niiiice
4	This review isn't for the park - it's mainly for Madison Pool. The pool is located within the park and has it's own parking lot. The pool is only open during the summer, but they have the best, well priced swim lessons. It's $15 a session and each session is 8 days (Mon through Thur) for about 45 minutes. This is the third year we've done swim lessons and my daughter is swimming so well. She was previously in White Star, but is now in Red Star. I would definitely recommend this pool. It's fairly clean and the staff is really friendly. Yes, it does get hot for parents waiting for their children for 45 minutes, but there are shady areas and if you ask the staff they have plastic chairs to accommodate parents that don't want to take a dip in the pool (I'm a bit of a germaphobe). They also have a swim or dive team if your child is interested.
4	This is your basic public pool, the facilities are bare bones and the amenities non-existent.  No lockers, limited seating and very little shade in the heat of late afternoon.  There is a snack machine and a soda machine in the main building, but that's about it.  if you are coming to watch your child swim, I'd recommend bringing our own folding chair and a wide brimmed hat in case you can't find a shady spot.   That's the bad part, the good part is that their summer swim lessons are amazingly cheap at just $15 for 8 lessons in a two week, M-TH span, and you can take the swimming class blocks back-to-back if needed.  Our swim instructor was Harrison and our little daughter just adored him, we took two sets of swimming classes with him and he was patient with our wiggly three year old through the whole process.  The classes were limited in size to about 4 or 6 kids each.  Depending on the class level, the instructors worked with them on water comfort, dunking their heads, kicking their legs and using their arms, treading water and so forth.  They gradually worked their way up to jumping off of the diving board and swimming to the edge of the pool as the instructors helped them.  Finally, at the last class the instructors all gave each of their students a Popsicle and a small certificate.If you are looking for budget friendly swimming classes next summer try the Madison Pool classes, you can find them through the City of Phoenix-Parks and Recreation website.
