5	Last summer, I bought a gorgeous fuschia Marc by Marc Jacobs handbag at Nordstrom that I just couldn't pass up. I took this bag with me everywhere. It went with me on my first trips to New York City, Boston and Chicago. It got rained on, snowed on and bleached from daily exposure to Texas sun, heat and humidity. It collected denim dye from every pair of jeans I own. It got tossed in drawers at work, bumped against walls and people, dragged through airport x-rays. It was, sadly to say, no longer the fabulous dream purse it was when we first met at the in Dallas. I was sad. If it had feelings, it would have been sad, too.I took it to my favorite shoe cobbler in Vegas, who estimated over $100 to re-dye it. To me, $100 is a lot of money to spend on a purse I already spent more than $400 just to buy, so I put my purse back in its dust bag (a lot of good that does) and went home.Then I found this place. It's a little out of the way for me, but as of today, I think it's absolutely worth it. I took my fuschia bag and another well-loved, 5-year-old ivory Marc Jacobs purse to see if I could get them restored to decent condition. The price for dyeing one bag, cleaning stains off the other and putting new heel tips on a pair of pumps came out to just over $100.Really? All of that for $100? I left a little nervous, and came back today filled with anxiety. As soon as I was handed my bags, I couldn't believe my eyes. Those gorgeous, brand-new looking handbags are MINE?I can't say enough about this place, except the work is amazing and affordable. They have a bunch of services listed on their website, so you can bring clothes that need tailoring and shoes that need repair all to one place. I love awesome little places like this!
3	Good for repairs - not good for true cobbler work. I had a good experience with this place when all I needed was a pair of Steve Madden heels repaired. They dyed the black heel part back to black (as opposed to the scuffed up white once upon time black it was). I had a mediocre experience when I took a pair of grey heels to them to have the sling back strap tightened. First they did take in the elastic only by 1/4" not by the 1/2" inch it needed - fair enough they were right they couldn't exactly put more on in once they took it off. They took it in twice for $12 and then I broke the elastic when I brought them home. For $12 more they offered to put a stronger elastic in the place of the old elastic...At which point they didn't tell me that the elastic was white and completely did not blend in with the shoe. Great, I have a pair of Strip-Worthy grey shoes with an ugly white elastic band on the back. AND the original problem of the sling being too big was back. I am going to go to Michaels craft store and get some ribbon and charms to cover the ugly white elastic...I just wish they would have told me before hand it was white elastic, I wouldn't have wasted their time or mine. Plus they scuffed them up and dinged the plastic a bit.I feel like a true cobbler would have said that what I wanted wasn't possible or suggested alternatives. They wouldn't add in ugly elastic.
1	I have a confession....I love me some cobbler. With a cobbler I trust, I'll have him/her fix just about everything I own.  Best Shoe Repair is not my soulmate cobbler.Generally, I understand that some businesses have a Murphy's-law-kind-of-day or just aren't the best they can be.  I gave this place two chances and, yep, they suck.The store is beyond cluttered and disorganized.  The counter is covered with random items like shoes, bags, papers, etc.  I was truly afraid that my stuff would be lost in the mess. But, then I thought, hey, maybe they're unorganized but talented! Yeah....nope!I brought in a pair of boots (expensive, well-made boots) to be cleaned due to water spots.  I received a slip and was told my boots would be done in 4 days.  I came back 5 days later... they hadn't started working on the boots.  The employee then promised me they'd be done in 3 days..and they were.  They looked truly fantastic.  However, after one wear, the leather started chipping (!!!) like it had been painted and the boots were ruined.  I have no idea what they did, but, yeah, $40 and a nice pair of boots down the drain.Prior to discovering the boot chipping, and in my giddiness at the hope I had found my LV cobbler, I made an error in judgment. I asked them to clean a spot , only one spot, on my suede YSL bag. Long story short, they ruined it.  After a month of working on the bag, forgetting what they were supposed to do on the bag, and after repeatedly assuring me that they would be able to clean it without ruining it, I received a totally f*#&@ed-up bag.  Even my boyfriend, who has no idea about suede and purses, etc, could not believe the crap result.  They cleaned/trashed the WHOLE bag, all of the suede, not just the small spot as I had asked..  The owner promised to fix it, kept the bag, and has not called me for 3 months.  That's the service and results you get at Best Shoe Repair. If you value your belongings, go elsewhere (and let me know if you found my dream cobbler!)
1	The only reason I gave this place one star is because I couldn't give it MINUS one star. My saga with this place spans nearly three months, but I'll try to be brief.In late March, I brought a designer handbag into the store for repair. The leather holding the handles to the bag had torn in two places. The man at the counter told me he could fix it and showed me exactly how it would be done, so I felt confident it would be in good hands. The only catch was that he would have to source the leather, which would add an extra week to the repair time. Since the bag is maroon patent-leather (not terribly common), I agreed. He even offered to let me approve the leather sample before proceeding. Two weeks go by, I still hadn't heard from him about the leather so I call. He still hasn't found a matching leather and needs another week. I say fine. I was traveling for work, so didn't call again for two weeks. STILL hasn't found the leather, but will likely have it this coming weekend.I call back the next week. The leather is in! Hooray! I go down to the shop, approve the leather. He says he needs a week for the repair. Fine.I call back the next week. The bag's not done. He needs to "clean his work area before beginning." Seriously? Says it will be done in a week.At this point, I'm getting mad.He calls me on the day I'm supposed to pick it up the following week, says the leather sample he has is too small and he needs to order more. Says it will be done by the following Monday.Now I'm getting REALLY mad. If you're keeping track, he's now had my bag for two months.I drive down there the following Monday. He's not there. A nice woman says that the company shipped the wrong color leather and that the bag's not done. Now I've had it. I'm ready to take the bag, get back my deposit and leave for good. However...they've already removed the handles! I tell them I want the handles put back on and I'll be back tomorrow to pick it up. I call the following day. You guessed it...bag's not done. They don't have the right color thread!!! Says it will be DEFINITELY be done the following morning.I drive down at 1pm the following day (silently fuming). Is it ready to go? OF COURSE NOT! Says he needs 40 more minutes. I go run some errands, come back an hour later, and still have to wait 15 minutes before it's done. Fortunately, I actually leave there with the bag. A still damaged bag, but at least I don't have to deal with these incompetent fools any longer.In conclusion, I strongly recommend you not patronize this place for your bag repair needs. Especially if it happens to be maroon patent leather.
1	I heard this was a cheap place to repair luggage. Maybe if they did an amazing job. All they did was put glue which I could have done and they did a bad job finishing it, there was a bunch of sharp dried up glue pieces all around the fix.  Could have bought replacement pieces with other shops could have done. They expect me to pay full price for quality of work that looked like a kid did during recess even after pointing out the workmanship.
5	I have only used this place for basic shoe repair but their prices have always been more then fair and they have quick turn around.  No complaints from me.
