5	Went to La Campagnola last night. Had a great time and a terrific meal.The staff very friendly,the pasta was as good as any where in the city.
5	I have been coming here for about 8 years, and the quality of food has never changed.The service is spectacular and the food..is beautiful.Some of my favorites are below:- Fluffly ricotta gnocchi in arabiata- Veal scallopinni with pesto, tomatoes and bocconccini- Homemade sausages- Ceasar salad ( not rich but actually fresh)- Sometimes, they have these amazing ravioli stuffed with ossobucco Basically, everything I have had so far is great. Don't get too full, because the desserts are made in house also- and they are heaven.I hope this place never ever leaves me.
4	Great food, great service...hidden gem!
5	Reviewed this place a year ago. Went there last night, this is the last time I will review it.that's because it will become to popular.Had one of the best meals in a very long time.Shared A very good ceasar salad,she had pasta with shrimps that was out standing. I had one of their specials,veal with a side of pasta. This meal was as good as any you could get in Montreal. The staff are great,the whole experience was a treat.
4	I think the grand mother is cooking all the meals. The food is delicious, great family atmosphere in the restaurant. Good service and reasonably priced for the portions. A stable in LaSalle!
4	Best Italian food I've had, since like ever.The service was great, nice decor and ambiance, and don't get me started on their AMAZING food.I never imagined that I would compliment a restaurant's bread and butter, but here I am. We were lucky that day because we were served two kinds of butter for starters, the homemade basil and sun-dried tomato butter was the bomb. The cold cut platter was on the house, and the meat quality was exquisite.Their portions are humongous, after a shared appetizer we were almost full. The fried calamari was sauteed in grilled red peppers and marinara sauce, and every bite was delectable.I had the veal scaloppine with tomato sauce and angel-hair pasta, while my girlfriend chose the ravioli and ossobuco. My dish was spectacular, but nothing too exiting. Fresh homemade pasta with great seasoning.That ossobuco and ravioli, on the other hand, was practically screaming "eat me!"  It is delicious, delectable, mouthwatering, tasty, delightful, gorgeous, lip smacking, yummy, wonderful in taste, texture, and aroma. I just cannot find enough adjectives to describe the scrumptiousness of the dish, the food speaks for itself.The place is slightly pricey than I expected, but everything was prepared fresh and with finesse, definitely a hidden gem in Lasalle.
