5	I  just  attended their open house and this place is awesome!  I love the concept and the variety of classes offered.   We saw demos on the anti-gravity yoga, pole fitness, and gyrotonic, and that's just some of the classes they offer.  And at about $20 a class I think the price is very reasonable.   Looking forward to trying a pole class with Suwasit!  He made it look so easy to get your sexy on !
5	This is a great gym! The classes are so varied, the instructors are great at making sure you feel involved, comfortable, and really try to specialize your workout for you. I never feel intimidated when coming here. It's super clean and has a great atmosphere, the classes are not overcrowded like some other gyms. Really where else could you take dance classes, pole classes, and aerial yoga classes, and for very reasonable prices too. Not to mention the owners are there and are always wiling to help out and answer questions.
5	Such a great idea for people involved in Cirque to open up their own studio.  I've been to a few of their shows on the Strip, and have always been impressed by their fitness and athleticism.  Of course, I was also pretty sure that I wouldn't be able to do anything like that myself.Kelly teaches the Anti-Gravity Yoga class at Shine, and she assured me that anyone can follow along and learn some of the tricks and inverted moves.  The classes are kept small.. there was about 6 or 7 of us when I went.   That was good, because we could all get personalized attention.  And we didn't have to worry about swinging into each other when we were cocooned in our silk hammocks.Yes, the poses and exercises that you do in the class all involved a suspended silk hammock that is adjusted to your height.  Kelly recognizes that there are some trust issues that come up when you're asked to climb aboard a piece of fabric.  She eases you into different exercises, and lets you figure out how comfortable you are.  Surprisingly, it is easy to turn yourself upside down.. and it's kind of relaxing to hang there for a while.  Of course, I was a bit light-headed when the class was over.  I guess my brain isn't used to having that much blood rush in.I also realized the next day that hanging upside down takes a lot of core strength.  My abs were in immense pain for a couple days.  I have even more respect for Cirque aerialists and acrobats now.Shine has a variety of other classes that look interesting.  And they offer a Facebook discount, so be sure to "like" them to get a few dollars off.  Definitely worth the price to try a different kind of workout.
5	Shine is a great place to exercise and have fun at the same time.  No boring treadmills or other typical gym equipment here.  Instead they offer classes like ballet, aerial silk, pole dancing, gyrokinesis, zumba, anti-gravity yoga and many more.  The instructors are all experts in their field and really appear to be concerned that the clients are having fun and working out in ways that will minimize the risk of injuries.  Find a particular move too difficult, no problem, they will find a modification that works for you.  The owners are there to greet you with a smiling face and everyone is made to feel welcome regardless of whether you are a professional dancer or someone looking to lose weight and become more fit.Best of all there are no contracts to sign or monthly membership fees.  Pay as you go on a class by class basis or purchase a package of 10 or 20 classes at a discount.  You can't go wrong by checking this top of the line facility out.
5	I love yoga and thought that anti gravity yoga sounded fun, but I was a little skeptical about hanging upside down in a swing for relaxation. The instructor, Kelly, was incredible. She made sure I felt safe and was able to tailor the class so that I could catch on to everything even though I had never taken it before. I have had many yoga classes and never left feeling as stretched out  and relaxed as I did after anti gravity yoga. It even had a little cardio element to get the workout buzz going during the class.I also was convinced by a friend to try out the aerial silks class. I quit gymnastics after I learned a cartwheel and I have seen Cirque du Soleil performances on silks so once again i was nervous to try it out. Knowing that the aerial instructor had been in "O" did make it a pretty exciting opportunity. To my surprise, the beginners class was designed for pretty much anyone to take. There were people more advanced than me, but he personalized the class for each level. i practiced basic wraps and holds while they started tricks. I felt like I was given plenty of individual attention and the class was so fun.These classes are a very welcome break from my regular fitness routine of running and lifting. I will definitely be going back! For the classes and instruction you get the prices are not bad at all. the classes are all between $15 -$25 and are even lower if you buy a package deal. The staff and instructors there are great as well. they are all excellent at what they do and so personable. Kelly even remembered my friends and my names even when we hadn't been there for over a week and a half from our first visit. I recommend trying out Shine. It is certainly a unique and fun way to work out. I am even bringing some of my friends here when they visit to do the silks class because its something that is not offered in most places and it will be an unforgettable addition to their visit!
5	Shine is such a breath of fresh air from your regular work out. It's so fun to challenge yourself in these classes because they use your body in ways you may not be used too.I am a beginner at yoga, but after taking their Antigravity Yoga, I am a believer. I have previously taking Vinyasa at my gym, but this is a whole different twist. It is a little intimidating when you see the curtains for the first time and feel them...that's gonna hold me up? It does and it is hard to fall out, and if you do you are so close to the ground it doesn't hurt. With all the inversions you do throughout class, you actually grow while you are there because it lengthens your spine..it's crazy! I feel amazing afterward.Their  Xtreme boxing class...... if you are looking to shed some pounds, get on this. Romeo the instructor told us that we burn between 800-1200 calories each class. It is a total body workout plus cardio and you will sweat like never before. It is totally worth it though, I felt so accomplished after my first class because I stuck with it. Definitely bring water though so you don't have to leave for the water fountain each time.I recommend Shine for anyone looking for something different other than weights and a treadmill. You will find muscles being worked you never knew you had!
5	It might be a little early for me to write a review since I've only taken one class and I usually like to take multiple before I give my last final verdit, but I really enjoyed myself that I'm going to jump the gun! I took the contemporary class and mind you, this is my very first contemporary class I've ever taken! I've taken a couple hip hop classes in Houston but no professional dance classes what so ever. So I'm pretty much a blank canvas when it comes to dance, I just have the heart for it..still working on my body to follow! I took Jordan's class and he was really respectful of it being my first time, and really worked with me. There were only two other girls in class with me and of course they were beautiful dancers, so I felt a little intimidated by it all. Jordan really showed a lot of encouragement and was patient with me and I loved it! So, A+ on the instructor! Oh, and it's also a plus that he's from Zumanity, so you know he really knows what he's doing! As far as the class itself, we focused on a floor turning combo to get our bodies familiarized with the movement and momentum, a period was focused on basic across the floor drills,  and then a short routine at the end. If you want to move like those contemporary artists in So You Think You Can Dance (guilty!), then I would highly recommend taking a class here! Only $15 for 1.5 hours! That's a steal if you ask me.
5	Please please please open one of these in the Bay Area.  SO MUCH FUN.If it's good enough to tone up those Cirque performers, it's surely good enough for us regular folk.Definitely not a full service gym, but in one girl's humble opinion, way better than one too.  All the classes (minus the dancey ones, obvi) focus on using your own body weight to build strength, which I am a big fan of.  Plus, silks climbing classed, AERIAL YOGA, and pole classes.  Sold.
3	I've been here a few times. Love the teachers. Downside is its a little pricey and they don't really have a membership type of package. Also, because the rooms don't have "walls" you can here the music going on from other classes. Friendly staff and nice teachers.
5	I have been going to Shine's Anti-Gravity Yoga classes for beginners for over two months now. I was cautious at first because I had a torn rotary cuff, which has healed, but I did not want to re-injure it. The instructors at Shine place safety first, and I have increased flexibility in my shoulder now. I really believe that it was the therapy I needed...without surgery! I also have scoliosis (abnormal curvature of the spine), which caused me to need weekly chiropractic adjustments for one year. I stopped having adjustments, and the pain came back. I now hang upside-down at Shine Alternative Fitness to stretch and realign my spine. I feel great! I always say that after the Anti-Gravity Yoga Class I feel like I have had a massage, a chiropractic adjustment, and a work-out all at the same time. Wonderful!I am now taking a zumba class with the most adorable and energetic instructor I have ever met. So, even though the instructors are in perfect physical condition and are professional performers, they do not discriminate against anyone. My 19-year-old daughter, her best friend, and I have all been quite happily surprised by the welcoming attitude of all the staff at Shine. You can walk in and feel comfortable no matter what your age or physical abilities.
5	Recommended by a fellow pole dancer friend in NYC, Shine Alternative Fitness really is as good as it gets. Best alternative fitness studio in the area, by far! Dima Shine and his staff is extremely friendly -- upon arrival, his meet and greet is genuine and sweet. The studio is enormous and dynamic - super high ceilings with an airy ambiance, not stuffy or superficial at all. My first class with Anti-gravity Yoga with Paula, and she was awesome. I've done anti-grav before, but my best friend hadn't, so we took a class together. She loved it and rocked it! We couldn't get enough of the studio, so a few days later we can back for more, and brought her husband along. They took a kick-boxing class with Victoria, and made friends with one of the fellow students, celebrity diva and all-around hottie Coco Austin! She was super friendly and couldn't stop raving about the studio. I opted for the Pole Conditioning class with amazing Suwasit Ritthiphon and Aerial Pole Skills 2 with David C. Owen, which were awesome classes.Overall the studio is phenomenal. The prices of the classes are reasonable and classes are quality. It's great to train with the pros. If you love aerial fitness, or just want to try something new and fun, go to Shine Alternative Fitness and see Dima. Have fun!
5	My daughter and I are still loving Shine Alternative Fitness five months later. I have strengthened my arms, legs, and core. I can balance while swinging in the anti-gravity yoga silks now. I have learned to dance zumba! This last week I took my first silk aerial class. I told my 20-year-old daughter, "I'm proud of myself for doing these classes!" She answered, "You should be!" I will be 50 this February, and I feel very positive about my time spent at Shine. It's our home away from home! ;-)
4	I heard about Shine Alternative Fitness before it opened and was very excited about the concept.  On August 18th, I finally got around to taking a class and decided on intro to antigravity yoga.  The studio is modern, clean, and a high ceiling open warehouse concept.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Antigravity yoga was a lot more difficult than I had anticipated, but Paula Holmwood made it plenty fun.  I appreciated her enthusiasm, patience, and encouragement.  Even if you're an experienced yogi, you'll learn that your balance may still be able to use some work once you've done antigravity yoga.The reason I'm not giving a full five stars to Shine Alternative Fitness is because of the noise level during our antigravity yoga class.  The classes do overlap and as we tried to remain calm and balanced, an aerial arts class was in session right behind the antigravity yoga class -- which was only divided by a black curtain.If you're looking for a fun challenge, be sure to stop by Shine!
5	I was in town visiting my parents and my mom and I decided to take the anti-gravity yoga class.  What fun!!!  we were first timers and the beginners class was perfect.  Only 4 of us, the instructor was really carefree and encouraging.  We laughed, howled, and did some cool "tricks".  the key to success in this class is to trust the hammock.  Hopefully I'll be able to try another class next time I'm in town.
5	My husband dragged me to the olympia expo so I dragged him to a couple of their classes - anti-gravity yoga and aerial silks, both beginners. What fun! We both really enjoyed both classes. The inversions are fun -takes you back to childhood.Both Delphine and Leslie were great instructors, all smiles and so patient with us.  While there were some experienced classmates, we never felt out of place.  We'd never done anything like this, it was awesome! Though my body is still in protest, I'd do it again. Loved it! When we go back to Vegas, I'll definitely go back to Shine :)
5	I purchased the mixed package 10 regular and 10 specialty classes upon my first visit. Everyone here is SO friendly and knowledgeable. Upon immediate entrance, you can tell the environment is different from the typical. It's not only well kept, intimate, lively and welcoming - the things I thought I could've do in awhile I did! I highly recommend this place to everyone who is looking for a different experience.
3	First off I have to say that I am SO not a Vegas person.  I find the strip overwhelming and obnoxious, and the city seems poorly planned; however, I had to be in Vegas for a trade show and desperately needed some anti-gravity yoga to counteract the general stress of travel and walking around the huge convention center.  Needless to say I was SO pleased to discover that Vegas has an anti-gravity option, and willingly drove to Shine to get some flying in! Shine was great for visiting, but I am grateful it is not my everyday studio.  The warehouse is large and very industrial feeling.  The class "rooms" are only separated by curtains, which is great for keeping the space flexible, but it makes it really hard when there are multiple classes going on at once, as each class had competing music.  I also didn't like having to walk right by the stripper poles to get to the hammocks.I have been taking anti-gravity classes once a week for about 8 months now, but am still in many ways a beginner.  While in Vegas I took two classes at Shine, and each time there were a couple of brand new students as well as a couple of regulars.  My first class was taught by a lovely french girl who was patient and kind with all the new students, but still managed to keep the class going at a good pace.The second class was taught by a different teacher who clearly struggled with balancing the needs of the new students with the needs of her regulars.  In all my years of doing different types of Yoga, I have found that the best teachers are those that can really "read" the needs of the room, and adjust their lesson plan accordingly.  Advanced students usually are comfortable and competent enough to hold a pose for longer or work towards their own advanced forms, while the teacher is adjusting or working with the beginners.  This was not the case with this second teacher, she seemed at times flustered and I felt she rushed through explaining things so that she could make sure she got through her complete list of poses.  The front desk gal was extremely welcoming and kind.  There was also a gentleman behind the desk on my second visit who gave a great restaurant recommendation.  All in all, I was thrilled to find Shine, and if I ever *have* to be in Vegas again, I will be very happy to get inverted here!
4	I took an antigravity yoga class at Shine Fitness! It was super fun. The instructor, Suwasit, was very accommodating to a class full of newbies. He was patient and took the time to make us all feel comfortable. Everyone I met at Shine was super friendly and really seemed to care about the people walking into the fitness center.
5	Definitely a great workout with activities that I normally wouldn't have attempted. Anti-gravity yoga wasn't as exciting as I expected. The poses were challenging and it was definitively fun to attempt the cool poses. However, I did not enjoy the hanging upside down or swinging back and forth. When hanging upside down, I felt like I was going to fall out even though the instructor promised I wouldn't. Still a little scary when there isn't a mat underneath you. There are a few poses where you are told to relax but rocking back and forth while trying to relax made me so nauseous! I know this is because of my extreme motion sickness so hopefully it was better for others! Strength & Toning was much better! It was like a tumbling class for adults which was awesome. Somersaults, Cartwheels, & even handstands! I was a gymnast as a kid but only for a few years so I was surprised my body remembered how to do everything! I was even able to do the candlestick pose with the instructor which was the highlight of the class for me! Flexibility was my favorite class of all. Seems weird considering all the other exciting workouts Shine offers but this class made me feel amazing. While doing the poses, you are in pain. You are stretching muscles that I didn't even think existed. I have scoliosis and have never been able to sit in a pike and touch my head to my knees. With the guidance of the instructor, I learned how to stretch my back vs. bending and was able to touch my knees!! It was very exciting. I love to stay active but get bored of the normal gym. I definitely plan on signing up for Strength & Toning along with Flexibility. I am determined to do more exciting poses like the candlestick and can't wait to touch my toes again! It's the little things in life :)
5	Such an amazing studio. All the instructors are very very friendly and amazing at what they do. The studio itself is very well kept and offers a variety of specialty classes with a good weekly schedule.My favorite instructor is definitely Suwasit, who teaches anti-gravity yoga and pole. I have had the opportunity to take class with Ben, Delphine, and Danielle... who are all awesome. They are all patient and attentive to each individual.There are so many classes to try, you are sure to find something new and fun.The place may be a bit hard to locate the first time because it is really a hidden gem. But that is the only downside.If you are looking for a new way to stay active, try any class here, they are all worth it.
5	Holy Moley! I'm on such a major endorphin high after my first class/es at Shine Fitness! I took 3 mini sessions, 30 minutes each. Aerial Silks, Pole Fitness & Barre Workout. Awesome! I was impressed with the facility, desk staff & instructors. The instructors learned each of the students names & used them throughout the class when giving compliments or corrections-- super nice touch. I felt special. The classes kicked my butt big time!! But nobody should feel too intimidated to go. There will be students of all levels. And the teacher will adapt some movements accordingly. I was surprised at how quickly we progressed. Never would've thought I'd be doing the splits on the silks within 30 minutes. Talk about a feeling of accomplishment. I think muscles I didn't know I had will be sore tomorrow. But I'll SO be coming back for more. Don't expect this to be a walk in the park, kiddies. But pretty certain you'll have a blast. Shine on, ya'll!
5	This place is magical.  I would spend more time here if I could. My favorite class is Anti Gravity Restorative yoga. It seems to have the most profound effect on my tight hips and shoulders. Delphine is the most charming and positive teacher I have ever met.  All of my friends who I have brought, love the inverted and supportive experience.  Some are experienced yogis and others just liked to swing from the monkey bars as kids. My husband and I go every Saturday as date night. We often go to Veggie House after and the healthy date makes us feel better all over. Don't be intimidated by the unusual class offerings. You can soar with the eagles or test your determination and face uneasiness with fun and exercise. The natural high is amazing. All this and a spinal decompression that beats an adjustment by the Chiro.
5	I love going to monday contemporary ballet taught by Sunni! She is so awesome and Ive made amazing new friends there. Its my first time taking ballet, never danced before, and I've been going for one year. I can see my development and I feel like a ballerina! If you want to get in shape but have fun while your doing it this is the class for you even if your a beginner. You just have to keep it up and come back!
5	I have been meaning to write this review a long time ago about Shine and Im finally doing it! I have only taken the Antigravity Yoga twice from here but I because of that class I have wanted to try each and every class they offer. This is a clean and fun environment and the teachers are so amazing! The first time I went I had Delphine and I went with my boyfriend and his sister who are not very flexible and were scared to try the class by the end of it my boyfriend was doing better at the moves then I was! She was so helpful and relaxing. Her style when I went was very calm music and more meditation like which is perfect for the times that you want to just be in peace.  The Second time that I went to the class I had instructor Suwasit and he was so great! His class was more upbeat and did more moving around on ground and on the fabrics. The music was more techno like. Which I loved because it made me get into a different fill of the class. Both instructors I HIGHLY recommend because they made my friends and myself feel so comfortable and feeling stretched and worked out after each class! I cant wait to try each class when I have the chance!
5	Over the past year I have been going to Shine Fitness on and off. Its the only gym/classes that I will routinely go back too. All the instructors are so amazing, the classes are fun and you really get a lot out of it. Ive been taking antigravity yoga with Suwasit and Delphine, both fabulous. There is such variety between the classes that you dont get bored. The studio is clean, easy to find, and the online system of scheduling your classes is convenient.
5	My second home!!! You will find the best instructors in every apparatus of your choice. I'm a pole dancer, I drive from LA atleast 3x a month to see my favorite Suwasit and flexibility guru Delphine. The owners and staffs are always friendly and accommodating. Watch out for monthly special and holiday discounts, a must stop if you want an challenging, fun fitness.
