4	I love going to this place because it's cheap good food.  Were talking fast food here, so don't think that 4 stars means this is gourmet dining...it's clearly not.  But, for the money and the amount of food, you can't go wrong.  I love the double beef double cheese tacos, and the macho nachos are awesome.  Way more cheese on the tacos here than Taco Bell.  Overall pretty good food, nothing special about the service because it's fast food what do you expect.
5	You know, I don't think I will usually review fast food franchises but this Del Taco gets an exception in a good way. No matter what time I pop in, nor what time of line there is in front of me, I can get my food in less than 5 minutes it seems, always hot and they always ask if I want hot sauce. It's sad to say but it's a level of service rarely seen from fast food chains.  So, I give it 5 stars as this particular Del Taco seems well run, and has been for all the years I have lived up the street from it. Great job and keep up the good work.
4	Since its in my neighborhood, I am fast food hopping lol
5	Love DT and this location is one of the greatest. Not just clean but really friendly people.
1	Everything I've tried here was gross. The regular tacos are just normal. The fish taco was disgusting I thought I was gonna throw up. Gave it to my mom and she hated it. I'm glad there's other places around because I'm never going here again.
4	Del will feed you for dirt cheap and it's much cleaner than eating taco bell, doesn't make you feel sick and regretful hours later haha. We like to hit this up when we need something quick and cheap.
5	Normally I'm not one for fast food but I decided to stop in here on my lunch break to re-experience the Mexican-American fusion chain of my childhood. I was not disappointed. When I first walked into the store, I was greeted by a friendly and cheery guy behind the counter -- Clark was on his nametag -- and he took my order attentively. He seemed to be very customer-service oriented and interested in the overall quality of my lunch break. I could tell he really cared. One of the nicest people I've seen in a restaurant, fast food or otherwise. I ordered two half pound bean burritos -- bold, of course, where they add their signature crinkle fries and that oh-so-mysterious secret sauce I'm always craving -- and I received my food within minutes. Hot and delicious as always, it was truly a treat to eat here. While the food is similar to any other Del Taco location due to their standardisation, I can say that this store is set apart by the amazing staff. They all seem to be genuinely nice people and they are both service oriented and friendly. A really top-notch team of professionals that I've seen unparalleled in my dining experience. I think it was just as good to interact with them as it was to enjoy my food; they truly made my day.Store is incredibly clean and well-kept. Seems to be like a flagship store, the decor is modern but incredibly clean, and I can tell the store is exceptionally well-maintained. Clark, and the rest of the Del Taco staff at this store, thank you for defining my eating experience. I'll definitely be coming back regularly.
