4	If there is one sport I love and am good at more than any other, it has to be ten pin bowling! And the place in Edinburgh to go if you want a game is at Tenpin at Fountain Park. It has over twenty lanes which light up during the evening!Students can claim discount and this also applies at the bar where drinks are quite cheap. If you are bored of bowling and fancy doing something else, then don't worry! As Tenpin offers many pool tables (with a lack of pool ques!) and an abundance of games machines, including air hockey!Tenpin, due to its location and lack of bowling facilities in Edinburgh, this place is always busy, so my advice is to book a lane before you go or you will have to wait an age! Tenpin is a great place to go with mates and have a great time...only if you win though!!!
4	I might have lost a nail. And I might not have gotten a strike. And I may not have even ranked in the top 5. But after last night's Yelper outing (CMYE or what have you) to bowling, I have to say I was really impressed by Tenpin Bowling at Fountain Park, mainly because of the staff.Bowling is as bowling does. I don't think the actual interior, decor, layout or style of bowling has changed since I was about 10. Same garish carpets. Same minimal, unhealthy food offerings. Same sound of the air hockey tinging in the background. Same children high on too much sugar throwing tantrums in the corner. Same coloured bowling balls.So yeah, as far as bowling goes, Tenpin delivered. The equipment was all new and in good nick. Especially the shoes, they were all quite new and nice. Good stuff.But when I had booked a group of 15 folk in, and we all arrived at different times, and were all on different lanes, and starting at different times, and we accidentally added Jeff and then Fake-Jeff and as a result it stopped our game 2/3 of the way through and a few things went wrong -the staff here were really friendly and helpful and nice when they didn't have to be. In fact, is it wrong that I even thought they would be quite bored / spaced out / not helpful? Usually in these kind of places, where people come for the entertainment and not 5 star service, staff can be somewhat lacklustre. But again, I was genuinely impressed by how friendly and helpful these guys were. We did mess up by adding the same person twice to our game, which technically made it look like we hadn't paid for someone, but they didn't kick up a fuss and helped us out.We also got a token for a free game when you book your next one. Sweet.If you book you do need to pay a 70% deposit in advance, and for a group of 15 this was quite hefty (just to be warned). But the booking process itself over the phone was also straight forward.I don't know about the other Yelpers, but for me I'd happily come here on a regular basis. Even at the sake of a nail / my wounded pride.
3	This is about bowling. No much more to say about that. They also provide a games arcade, a full bar and they supply pizza & burgers. I have been here many times over the years. As Jenny L mentioned it has changed very little.As a keen 10pin bowler, (not good, just keen) this is my go to place for a fix. I am reviewing this on the basis of service and experiences. The booking staff and the check in staff are efficient and very friendly. - Less so the bar or food staff. They do make you wait - or are very slow in providing your order. This is something I already come to expect. It hasn't changed. I would like to mention that in 2007 I took part in the Lebowski Fest UK in here and I really enjoyed that experience - they should do these kind of themed dress up  bowling parties more often. They also have 'disco-bowling' times and that is an experience by itself. Black-light  and mirror-ball on the ceiling. Some balls have got fluorescent paint on them and all this makes for a brilliant photo / video opportunity. I like this place because I like bowling. After bowling you may play some pool, air-hockey or spend some money at any of the arcade machines. - strangely enough THESE do change every so often.In all an OK place to bowl.
3	I've only been bowling 2 or 3 times before so I can't comment on whether the lanes are perfect for experts or any of that malarkey so I'll just focus on the basics and the entertainment factor.  There are lots of different weights of balls (all handily colour coded) with different size finger holes... spend a bit of time getting those 2 bits right!  It makes all the difference!Cressida had organised the meetup and had been on a Tuesday early evening before (6:30pm) and apparently it was quiet that time.  Well... not this time.  It was hoaching!Lots of kids, lots of noise.  A boisterous bunch of lads took the lane next to us a bit later too; one of whom managed to throw the ball all the way down someone else's lane with one bounce and then knocked all their remaining pins down.The machine where you add players names was only half working so we had to use names that didn't have certain letters which was a minor annoyance.They showed the footie (no idea who it was playing) on big screens above the pins which put people off a bit too.Overall though it's a handy location, the facilities are fine, nobody spat out their drinks so they must have been OK (we didn't try the food though), it's reasonably priced, the balls are round, the shoes don't pong, the lanes are flat.  Pretty much what you want from bowling.  ;-)
3	Not bad, not great either. Really busy when we were there. Some things don't work well, not a great selection of balls. Could also  use screens for bowling related fun, not football. Very distracting.Didn't try the food, has a bar. Overall if you wanna go bowling its fine!
2	This place is kind of everything that makes bowling a bit naff.Awful food, bad beer........penny gambling machines... I do like bowling its good fun and makes for a good night.But why cant a place do for bowling what the Dominion does for the cinema......! Im thinking gourmey hotdogs, chilli fries.....the same kind of food in a way but done with some care an attention.
