3	My boyfriend and I found this place while we were waiting for my car to get fixed. They had a pretty good deal going on, eggs, hash browns, toast and sausage or bacon for $2.99. The food was ok. I'm guessing I ordered outside of their specialties. Nothing to grand but I did love their pancakes.
4	I hope we're talking about the same place, but I found their food truck near 17 and sat under the tents right before lunch.  Had chicharron tacos, buche tacos and cahuamanta tacos.  Still debating if buche is stomach or udder (as the server explained it).  All three were really good - the chicharron being the best as you can imagine.  And at a 1.50 each - even better.
5	I went to phoenix to visit friends and they highly recommended this restaurant for authentic mexican food. We went there for lunch, I took a look at what other people were eating as we were getting our table and it looked interesting. I had the fish tacos baja style and they were very good. We also had the sarandeado fish fillet and it was delicious.I also liked the cebada drink. the service was very good, staff was friendly even though they were fairly busy. too bad I was in phoenix for just a couple of days.
3	We are always looking for very authentic flavors when it comes to Mexican food, because, well... we could make it at home, you know? But sometimes we just want to be waited on, and not go through all the cooking, and the washing of dishes and pots.So when we have a really big craving for something Mexican, it is very specific, like Menudo, or Birria. Something that we know takes some time to cook, and we just want to have some right now!Well, this place was packed!! The rainy Saturday morning we ventured out to try it for the first time. Because all the empty spaces were taken by diners and people waiting for their turn, we had to wait like 15-20 minutes outside in our car. Which built some high expectations, we thought "This gotta be super delicious"! Well, once we got to be seated, we ordered our birrias, our kids had pancakes and Tacos de Birria, I know, don't even ask! Service was great! The ladies that took care of us, really took care of us! They were very friendly, and helpful.We thought the the birria was "OK", but not mind-blowing. We added all the "Add-ins" and it still tasted somewhat bland.  But it is a really good place to go eat, by all means... We just haven't found a place that we can recommend a 100%. No, not this one.
4	The only thing that could be better is their seating!
5	The only bad thing about this place really, their always so freaking busy, but because they are so freaking good! So what I was thinking...call in the order and bring it home  They have the BEST Mexican Food.  I recommend their Cahuamanta / Birria or Cabesa.  This is a MUST try!
4	Wow!  Seriously good Biria Soup.  It came with a good helping of tortillas.  I want to go back and try something else.
4	Go mentally prepared that you will have to wait for a table, super crowded and busy but fast service when they bring your food. The good is worth the wait. Yummy in my tummy! The only thing I would change is from having white corn tortillas to yellow corn tortillas!
