5	I was referred to Breanna about 6 months ago by my hair dresser and I am forever grateful.  I see her once a month for facials, peels, eyebrow tinting & waxing.  She is a consummate professional with extensive knowledge and training.   My aging skin (soon turning 55) has benefited immensely.  I highly recommend Healthy Skin AZ!
5	Breanna is the best esthetician I have ever encountered and I see her as my personal skin consultant.I have been seeing Breanna for peels and facials for years and my skin has never looked better!  I had horrible acne as a teen and I have always been very self-conscious about my skin.  The first time I met with Breanna we went over all the skin care products I was using.  I had never had any esthetician actually sit down and go over my daily regime with me.  I had no idea that I was using many products to produce the same effect and I was able to eliminate many products from my normal regime and simplify my daily routine.  My goal has always been to have great skin without makeup.  I can now say that I get compliments on my skin when I am not wearing makeup!  Thank you Breanna!
5	Breanna is not only super talented at what she does, she is also one of the kindest people and cares about her clients and their skin.  I have been to other salons to have facials, etc and have very much felt like a number/someone to sell to.  She only recommends beauty items you need and is not pushy.  My skin has never looked so good! I would highly recommend her to anyone :)
5	As a man, it is not easy to ask for skin care advice even if it is blatantly clear we need it. I met two girls who talked about Breanna and told me that I must see her. I didn't take the advice initially but when I saw one of the women again, she urged me to go in. Her skin was great and she said it was because of Breanna, so I finally got up the nerve to go. I went and I couldn't be happier with the way my skin looks. I couldn't believe that after just a few appointments and her personal follow ups, I had no more break outs. And as I type this review (over a year after my first visit), my skin is completely clear!! She is magnificent!
5	Not only does Breanna provide the best customer service but I am seeing results and being educated on my skin. I haven't been a regular for long but just like having "your hairstylist" or "your nail lady" she is now "my esthetician!"
1	I do not give Breanna and Healthy Skin AZ more than 1 star. I have worked with her several times, and unfortunately she cannot be trusted and does not produce results I can endorse. I have used her personally and hired her for work functions and her behavior has left me to cancel all future appointments with her. If you are looking for someone honest and someone to trust (as I hope you would), I WOULD NOT recommend Healthy Skin AZ.
5	B magic is no joke ! My name is Rachael and I have spent so money on cosmetic services and high end products to battle my acne all my life . I was convinced I was just another girl who was victim to bad skin and bad genetics , before Brianna I was completely    prepared to do some seriously risky surgery to help with my skin problems  . B saved me with not only her extensive knowledge on all these products but also on the biology of skin . She has totally transformed my face and made me a life long client ! She truly is a saint of skin care with a beautiful personality and incredible patience  .
5	Breanna is so knowledgable about skincare and makeup. She has a wealth of information about product ingredients, research, natural & organic skincare, and so much more. She's absolutely fantastic when it comes to facials and peels. And she has her own amazing line of skincare products and makeup. I have switched to using her stuff exclusively and couldn't be happier. I love Breanna and am thankful for how she cares for me and my skin! Go check her out!!
2	I was so over-the-moon excited to try Healthy Skin AZ for chronic acne issues I've been having for over 13 years. I made an appointment with breanna for her skin consultation ($150), and waited the six weeks that was expected and communicated for the appointment.  Breanna was great about communicating ahead of time, sending a reminder, some forms to fill out and track my diet, and when I got to her office she was fantastic. She seemed to really listen to me, and gave me a great facial (full disclosure: this is the first and only facial I've ever received...and enjoyed it. So I'm assuming it was good!) and I was so excited when she took down the whole list of makeup products I use. That was the number one reason I went to her in the first place. To get a personal and unique evaluation of my skin, see if the products I'm using are helping or hurting my cause, gain an understanding about my skin, determine the possible source of my acne (stress? Diet? Make up or cleansing products?) and get a treatment plan to help improve my skin. She promised that I would receive this treatment plan within the next week. She then emailed saying she was having email problems, and once she sent the treatment plan to me, she told me to email her back letting her know I had received it. If I didn't email back, she'd just send it via snail mail. Fair enough!And that was the last time I heard from her. I've emailed three (maybe four?) times over the past 2 1/2 months, and in the event her email was not working, sent her a message on Facebook since I saw she was relatively active on Facebook. Nothing. Crickets If I had just wanted a facial I would have stayed in Tucson and paid a lot less at a spa in town. Not make a special trip up to Phoenix and pay twice as much for the same service. I've never written a bad review before, and gave breanna plenty of chances to fulfill this business transaction, but am so disappointed that she didn't follow through. I would request a refund, at least for the difference in price between a standard facial and this skin evaluation, but I doubt I'd get a response. It's a big bummer since good skin care advice is really hard to come by. And since I had a Facebook friend rave about her, I was so thrilled to find someone I could trust! I hope I'm an outlier, and based on other reviews it sounds like I am, but wish it could have turned out differently. Big disappointment and truly unprofessional. I gave two stars since I at least got a facial...? But should I be rewarding anything for not delivering on something that a customer paid for? I guess it's also since she was great in-person, but overall a big bummer indeed since I didn't get all of what I paid for. I would recommend asking about a refund policy in advance in the event this happens to you.
