3	Well Suited is the slightly graying and out of shape bastard brother of My Sisters closet.That doesn't mean that he is without his charm!As I might have mentioned elsewhere, I recently went through some body changes and needed to find some new duds (to me at least...remember, this is a "resale" store). Carin thinks it's time for me to trade up from my current new age Jethro Bodine look to something a bit more "man about town".The Beautiful Carin loves Sisters Closet and told me that I needed to take a look at the men's stuff there, as well as going to my buddies at At Ease, so I did and I have. The first time I was ever in this store, a couple of years ago, they were selling, among other things, used underwear...I'm sorry, but that just creeped me out!This time, no underwear for sale, so I didn't get that tingle in the back of my neck that tells me to get out!!!I did find a pretty good selection, including an entire section devoted to used Tommy Bahama (only in Scottsdale:) ).They have a nice selection of sport coats, slacks, golf shirts, high end jeans, etc. Nothing really special, but if you look around, you will see something that's got appeal. I found a great Tommy Hawaiian shirt, retail $220, for $20.All the prices here are similar.It's Earth Day, and on the clothing front, I usually celebrate by wearing everything I own until it's literally in tatters (hence the Jethro reference). But, you can celebrate Earth Day by buying used clothes and re-wearing THEM until they are in tatters. Enjoy your shopping trip!
4	There we were in Sister's Closet, my wife shopping, and me squirming in one of the "man" chairs.  She could tell I was thinking of heading for some chips, salsa and beer at one the of the local eateries, so she took me by the hand to Well Suited, the male equivalent of Sisters.  Then,  of course, off she went back to Sisters.Not being a shopper, I was lost.  Well Suited isn't as large as Sisters, nor does it have as a large selection, but there seemed to a little something of everything.  After walking around the store, alone and in a daze, I got side tracked and went through a open archway to the furniture end of Sisters - which I  found more interesting.  After browsing through the home furnishings, I went back to Well Suited, and actually looked at the merchandise.I am not a shopper - but I do know golf shirts, and they had a number of brand name golf shirts at very discounted prices.  A lot of Tommy Bahama, higher end Nike, Bobby Jones, and Greg Norman shirts in different sizes and colors.  I can make decisions on those ( yes, she lets me make my own choices of golf shirts  - she says it doesn't embarrass her - because she doesn't go with me when I golf). But she makes suggestions on my other clothes. When she came back from Sisters, she showed me other clothing I had missed - high end slacks, suits, shirts, and jackets.  By then, my biologic shopping clock had reached the alarm level - I just couldn't shop anymore.  But I did walk out with two shirts, and a desire to come back next time and shop for my at least my maximum of  twenty minutes!!
5	I was recommended here by my new tailor when I told her I was planning a Euro trip and needed some good clothes that wouldn't kill my pocketbook.I was very pleased with the selection that they have to offer.  They were a little light in anything below a size 42, but good quality stuff all around.  AND CHEAP!I picked up a pair of Johnston & Murphey shoes, a Zenga 2pc suit, a London Fog raincoat, and a watch for all around $200.  Everything was in excellent condition, except the shoes were quite beat up, but nothing a reconditioning from the manufacturer can't fix!If you are a size 44, this can be your new haven for great clothes, as racks were practically exploding with all sorts of stuff for the taking.
4	I hadn't been here since they renovated the shopping center, so I stopped by to check it out the other day. Wow! The store is now three times as big as it used to be and has a great selection of used men's clothing. This is the place to come if you want to wear designer styles without paying designer prices. Whether its a designer suit and shirt and tie combo you seek or the Scottsdale uniform of a Tommy Bahama shirt and a pair of golf shorts, this is the place to find it.Great selection, great prices and a great place to go!
1	This place has NO clue when it comes to pricing men's items, and I would not recommend them at all.  I consigned a leather briefcase worth close to $600, and they priced it for $90, giving me a whopping take-home of $40.  I understand the need to move merchandise quickly (and naturally, this sold in a matter of days), but cannot fathom why they would not attempt to get more money for the item.  I can only assume they did not do their research before setting the price.  Consigner beware!
4	"Why wasn't this called My Brother's Closet?"Although being male, My Sister's Closet seems to be a big hit among the women in my family.  I am related to shopaholics and bargain hunters and though it seems that these may be part of a genetic predisposition to the Asian gene on both sides of the family, you would think that I spend my weekends on this expensive past time.  I don't.  But I do enjoy finding my bargain name brands here which are plenty.  By coming here, I not only save on $$, but save on time spent shopping all over malls and waiting for sales desired clothing.  They do have spectacular sales about twice a year on the consigned articles up to another 70% off (usually in late January and August).  This is to make room for new seasonal items.  While others may cringe at the thought of wearing consigned clothing, it is their loss due to the amazing savings.  I cannot speak on the consignment system as I have not brought in any of my clothing, but I can attest to the selection to buy which are great, clean, and organized; providing opportunity for us to wear name brand clothing without the name brand price. My only question is why wasn't this called "My Brother's Closet?" (Well Suited is only at the Camelback and Paradise Valley location)If you think this was useful, cool, or funny, please check below.
3	My husband is a hoarder.  No matter how many dozens of shirts he has hanging in his closet that have been worn only once or twice and sometimes never, he wants new ones.  I thought of suggesting he try Well Suited, but I knew he would launch into a tirade about how I never "let" him buy anything.  I guess all the crap he owns brings itself home.  I digress.  So one day I cleverly mention "Can you believe Donald S shops consignment?"  I left it at that.  Never brought it up again.  Let it stew for a while.  Sure enough, my husband eventually asks where the shop is.  If I suggest it, I'm cheap.  If Donald suggests it, it makes good sense.So I go with him, and now insist on going to filter his purchases.  Some great deals to be had.  He got what looked to be a brand new pair of Tommy Bahama shorts for $20.  He's also picked up some nice button down shirts in the $17-$25 range.  But beware, there is a lot of stuff there that should never have been accepted.  Either go with your guy or make sure he knows what to watch out for because there are no returns.  I've found shirts with snags, missing buttons, tears, and pit stains!!!!  Disgusting!!!!  For a shop that markets itself as a upscale consignment shop, I am shocked by the garbage they will take.As for the hoarding.  We have a new rule.  Buy a new shirt, get rid of one.  Oddly, he often chooses to ditch his department store purchases and keep the Well Suited stuff.  Unfortunately he isn't interested in consigning his almost new clothing.  That goes to Goodwill.  Some lucky f***er will stumble on a gold mine after my next drop.
