5	I hired Kent Lee to review and update my resume and I couldn't be happier with his professionalism, personal touch and customer service.  He is a whiz at taking your experience and rolling it up into an attractive package for prospective job positions.  He took the time to really understand what I was trying to achieve in my career and tailor my resume as opposed to be a cookie cutter template that he just filled in with my past jobs.  I would highly recommend his services to anyone who is looking for a career change or looking to update their current resume to stay current in a competitive job market.
5	I hired Kent Lee to update my resume because I was ready to make a career change... all i can say is WOW!!! Kent is such a great guy, He is easy to connect with and knows just the right questions to ask you to bring out your best attributes during the interview process. I am so happy with the final product and my resume came out better than i could of ever dreamed of!Kent not only gives you a fresh new resume but he also gives you a fresh new outlook on yourself!! Thank you Kent!!
5	I'm a recent college graduate and was lost in the world of careers. I met with this company and Kent was so attentive to my personal needs. I felt he genuinely cared that I have the best resume to go after the jobs I desire and he really helped guide me through the process. He even helped learn to network online to increase my employment chances. I couldn't be happier with the results and would definitely recommend using this company.
5	This company is fantastic!  I was hired for the first job I applied for with the resume they wrote me!! If you're lost and need help with writing your resume, interview skills, or even salary negotiation skills look no further!!
5	I could not be happier with Kent Lee, and the service he offered me. I am a young marketing professional finishing up college with many years of experience, however, my resume lacked the ability to display that well. Once Kent sent me my new resume and cover letter I sent it to a few employers, and less than 12 hours later I had an interview. Now, I just have to sell myself! THANK YOU SO MUCH! :) He definitely goes above and beyond! :)
5	With so many resume services out there, it's very hard to choose a company that you will be very happy with their results and services. Fortunately, I received a recommendation for Kent and his company, from a recruiter I have known for some time. Kent's format was very easy to use.  His company offers various services at great prices(I usually compare companies no matter what I am investing in), the turn around time was very quick, and I am very happy with the end results of my updated resume, my update Linked In, and cover letter template. I will spread the word about Kent and his team to anyone that asks and recommend his services. I am a believer in investing top notch quality in a resume and certain social media, especially since you have just seconds to rely on your resume to differentiate yourself from your competition. Kent will help you achieve that.
5	Perfect Resume was very professional and courteous.  The resume looks great and I highly recommend the services of Kent Lee.
5	This company is very knowledgeable and courteous.  Their work far exceeded my expectations.  They brought things to my attention that I didn't even realize had value.  The resume looks professional and polished.  I've already had multiple recruiters contact me.  I highly recommend the services of Kent Lee, and I'ts already helping me with my job search.
2	What professional business person confirms an appointment (by phone) 3 hours prior to a face to face meeting and then minutes before, sends an EMAIL saying that they had to rescheduled for WAY LATER IN THE DAY?!?! Reason for the unprofessional behavior? "Stuck at a car dealership".Super glad you could waste an hour of someone else's time and 60 miles round trip of their gas and mileage to dick them around because you were screwing around with your car... If you have an 11 am appointment, one would think you would be at your office no later than 10? Very unprofessional.
5	As a recent college graduate, I now find myself seeking a career related to my degree. With little work experience I was having difficulty creating a resume that stand out to recruiters. I decided to seek professional help and contacted Kent Lee with his services. He did a fantastic job with creating a resume that reflected how my studies have prepared me for career in the health care field. Kent contacted multiple times in an engaging manner and from there created a wonderful resume. I am happy with the resume I received and have had multiple employers contacting me for jobs. I would recombined this service to anyone who needs help with their resume. I am happy with the results I received from this service.
5	I owned my own business for five years and realized it was time for a career change. Trying to summarize my skills and strengths to target the market I wanted to enter was overwhelming.  My resume was scattered and unprofessional.  After one hour with Kent he was able to create a resume that perfectly summarized why I would be an ideal candidate for the financial field.  He had my new resume to me the very next day and responded to my questions within an hour.  I have already received a call back from a possible employer.  I highly recommend Kent to anyone having trouble finding a job or updating their resume!
5	So far, so good. I called Perfect Resume on a Monday and had a professional, succinct resume and cover letter in my inbox one week later--2 days ahead of schedule. I spoke at length on the phone with Ms. Kim S., explained my previous negative experience with an over priced service, and then sent Kim my master/chronological resume and a job description of my dream job. Within hours, she phoned me back and explained to me that she would write a resume based upon my skill set. Since I have 10 years of seasonal work in the recreation, hospitality, caring, and administrative fields, I have a wealth of skills to bring to the table. However, I also look non-committal with a 7-page master resume. She said a skill-based resume highlighting the my more impressive jobs would work best for me. She also explained that the first resume writer I had hired simply regurgitated my master resume in shorter form, but included irrelevant professional experience (nanny-ing) and excluded relevant information (leadership positions). The resume and cover letter Ms. Kim S.  provided me yesterday are documents that I know I could NOT create on my own, especially in such a short time frame even with coaching from career services at my alma mater. Also, the style is very different to what I've been doing in the past. I asked Ms. Kim S. a question about a job she included on my resume and she was able to explain her method & style  rationally and directly, which kept me from harming myself by modifying the final product myself. Kim kept me from making a mistake. I did not get this kind of feedback or guidance from the first resume writer at a different company. When I asked the first one about my resume, she simply added what I thought was important with no real coaching.I will update this review as I receive calls-back, but so far, so good.UPDATE: 12/06/2014, It's a tough market but I did get 2 calls back from 2 different universities. I made it to the in-person interview for ASU but didn't get the job and turned down the other position at U of A since I don't want to move to Tucson.
5	First of all, my sister had some work done to her resume and it helped her land a job with a great corporation. I would also recommend Perfect Resume because they are very timely and efficient. The process itself was very convenient for me. I emailed a copy of my existing resume and therefore received critique. Very quickly, Kent suggested different straggles to beef up my resume and highlight my accomplishments and skill sets. I was also asked to fill out a questionnaire in which it asked many questions about my work experience and education. I really enjoyed this part of the process because it gave me the chance to include any other information that was not included in my previous resume. After Kent finished my resume, I was very pleased with his version. I did have a few things I would like changed and he was able to change that very quickly.My overall thoughts are very high on Perfect Resume and their service. Very professional and timely in the entire process from start to finish.
5	1 month update: After Kent updated my resume I interviewed with four potential employers. Three of them mentioned how impressive my resume was. I would also highly highly recommend the LinkedIn update. I had two recruiters reach out to me after viewing my new profile. One of them found me an amazing opportunity. I was offered a great position with a very competitive salary. Working with Kent was worth every penny!
