5	Loved the service. Took in two pairs of shoes and got them back the next day! My black stilletos are back to life! They just recently opened and are located in the new shopping Plaza on Union Hills and Pima Road, next to AJs.
5	Excellent service, and fixed the straps on my favorite sandals! Nice work, without looking fixed!
5	This place is a gem in the desert.  Al is great.  He shortened a very nice leather dog collar.  It was done very well, on schedule & for a good price.  I am so glad I found him here in north scottsdale so conveniently located just off Pima & the 101 plus he's open everyday.  Definitely a keeper!
5	I love these guys, they are so helpful.  I usually don't need shoe repair, my hubby thinks I am trying to achieve an Imelda Marcos kind of shoe collection.  Yes, I love shoes.  I bought a pair of boots that were slightly damaged and I took it to them to get a quote for repair.  They are so honest, he told me how much the repair would be, so I decided to just return the boots and bought the same ones online for a little bit more, but it was still less than what the boots would have been with the repair. I sometimes buy shoes that are a little big, hey when there is a sale, I have gone there and gotten stuff to make them fit.  A little heel cushion and voila, the shoe fits.  I take even the twins toys for repair.  We had this baby doll strollers that had ripped seams.  The twins decided the strollers were for their use, so of course they ripped.  The guys repaired them masterfully.  My hubby also takes sports gear and bags to be fixed.  And the best is how nice they are.  I yo-yo a little bit with my weight, so every time I need an extra hole on my belt, they do it on the spot and they don't even charge me for that.  How sweet is that.
5	Best shoe doctor ever! I'm so hard on my shoes but an overnight stay at Al's and they are like new. Prompt and reasonably priced- I'm a fan!!!
5	I was very pleased. Took in a pair of sandals with a broken strap. I had had the shoes repaired the week before and the strap broke within hours of wearing. Took to Al's. They fixed the strap and it held perfect. They were more worried about it not looking brand new than I was. Very reasonable, fast and great workmanship.
5	What a special place! The best in the business and quite economical too boot (Did I just say that?). I can't give Al enough praise and stars. I promise you Al is a true artist at what he does. A GREAT find for North Scottsdale and he has been there 5 years already! Favoloso!
1	I could not be more disappointed in the workmanship, the timeliness and the response to a problem than I am with this place.My significant other and myself were really happy to read the previipous reviews and to Finally find a decent shoe repair place.We dropped off four pairs of shoes. The two pairs of women's shoes were to have new rubber soles put on the heels and the inside pad was to be srestretched and glued back in. My two pair of dress shoes were to have the soles replaced and all four pair were to be cleaned and polished. I dropped them on 12/27/13 and they gave me a ticket with the date 12/31 hand written by the woman at the counter after she had gone in back and checked with the person doing the work. (Al?)I was told to pick them up on New Year's Eve before 6:00 and that they were leaving the next day for vacation. She also let me know that the door would be locked after 4:00 but to knock because they would be there until 6:00. As you have probably guessed I got there on New Year's Eve at 5:20, door was locked, lights were out and no one answered my knock. I left a voicemail at their number and to this day have not received any kind of response. We had a business trip and my partner had to buy two pairs of shoes to go with the formal attire required for two of the nights.When we returned I went in with my ticket, explained what had happened, was told that the woman that worked there would not have said what I claimed and I paid my full price of $109.00. If that wasn't annoying enough I had to wait while they actually glued the foot pads in on both pairs of women's shoes because the work had not been done. Incidentily, if they actually did clean and polish the shoes it was the worst effort I have ever seen.I will never set foot inside this business again...
5	Very nice couple, affordable pricing and great work. They replaced my high heel caps and cleaned up the patent as an extra. My shoes look wonderful and they did it very quickly!
5	These are the nicest people, their work is excellent and their prices are great. I take my shoes, my husband's, and a lot of miscellaneous repairs and they always do great work.
5	Al's Shoe Repair is the best; The staff is always friendly and very helpful.  I have been going to Al's since they opened and have never been disappointed.  Always excellent service and reasonably priced.  I highly recommend them for shoe repair and luggage repair.
