4	The main reason I like to go to Lobby Bar is for the bartender, Brandon.  He makes the most delicious martinis ever!  I honestly just say make me something strong and sweet and he never disappoints.  I recently went on a Friday night and there was a one man band playing the guitar and singing.  He was really good.  I can't wait for it to warm up a bit and the outside is open.
5	Went here a few months ago and I loved this place! It is a great relaxing place to go just to hang out and have a drink, especially since it has an out door area by the pool. Will definitely return!
4	I'm very happy to see this bar has opened back up!  I miss Whiskey Sky but this is a pretty good replacement.  They have decent drink prices and good hipster music.  I hope they open it up a little more so there will be room for a dance floor again.  It's a little awkward to see people dancing next to their bar stool.My favorite part about this bar...it opens up to The Pond, which is one of the prettiest pools in Las Vegas/Henderson.  You can lounge on one of their day beds and enjoy the view of the pretty city!Nice place to relax and grab a drink.  I'll definitely be back!
5	GVR is my local playground.Sure, I love Quinn's and Drop Bar.... but it gets a little too loud and rowdy in those places as the night goes on..Lobby Bar: my secret hideaway. I feel like I'm going to an underground club when I go to this, maybe because I'm weird. But this place is usually very calm and has only a few people in here at a time. The bartenders are super nice and fun! Best of all the drinks aren't as expensive here than the regular casino level bars. The bartenders here make the most ridiculously yummy drinks... pancake shot? Big Stick popsicle drink? Ever had that?? Probably not.. try it, only if you're into the art of mixed drinks (sounds better than girly/fruity drinks;])On the weekends they have a DJ playing hip-hop/dance music.. similar to the Drop Bar, without the cramped spaces and seats you're actually allowed to sit in! Also, you can sit out on the pool patio with the music still playing, but slightly quieter.So, I hate posting this because it's my treasured neighborhood bar.... but I'd like to share the greatness of this classy bar.
5	The lesser known of all the bars at Green Valley, which also means less crowded.  The bartenders were especially friendly, probably b/c i was their one customer all week... I have no problems with all the attention on me.  Check it out on friday nights when they have a DJ spinning a good mix of music and some cheap $4 Skyy Vodka drinks... try Skyy Grape w/ Club Soda... tastes just like grape soda, which leads to trouble since it goes down so easy.  Tell my girls (bartenders) Melanie and Alicia I said Hi.
3	The first thing you notice when you walk into this bar is how exquisitely beautiful it is. It really is probably one of the best I've ever been to. The drinks are outstanding, the music is at a low level so as to not be a distraction, the prices aren't bad and the place is truly comfortable. I didn't want to leave. Unfortunately, this is where it isn't so great. The bartender, Amy, could have been the highlight of the evening if she had cared to make an effort. You could see that she turned on and off like a light switch. I'd look over at the sneer on her face, but she'd see me and a smile would light up. It was really the best acting job I've seen in awhile. But, it really put a damper on my evening. I'm fairly new to this area so to find such a cool bar so close to my house had me super excited. Then I went in and I felt like an intruder. Amy wasn't overtly rude, but she definitely has that beaten down, worn out, hate-my-job-in-Vegas kind of attitude. She didn't care if I was there or not. There were two of us in the bar: me and an obnoxious Canadian (a first encounter of its kind!) and we were buying pricey drinks and shots so at 11:15 when our drinks were still full, Amy called last call. What? Why? We asked what time she closed and she said between 11:30 and 12 depending on how many people were there. Okay, well, there were two. Since when is that not enough to keep going? We were the most customers she'd had in the two hours I was there. She told us that we could go upstairs to the 24 hour bar and have drinks there. Rude much?It's really too bad that she didn't know how much I love, love, love my bartenders, especially at places I frequent, because she could have gotten a MUCH better tip had I not felt like I was dealing with a fake, attitude-ridden person without a personality. Ugh.Other than her, the place is fabulous, beautiful, comfortable and amazing. The bathrooms are a walk outside, which is weird, but whatever. The outside is stunning, but the pool isn't nearly as close as some other reviews have made it sound. Regardless, the outside patio is awesome.I'll give this place another try, maybe the bartender was having an off night. I sure hope so, or I'll have to scrounge around for another bar, I guess. Cross your fingers!
2	What the hell happened??! I haven't been in a while, and my choice to have not been back in a while is completely warranted. I know GVR has made some changes within the year (taking away beer pong from Quinn's... really?), and maybe Lobby Bar was included in their changes. The times that I had been very giddy to get back to my "secret bar," it was closed..... on a Friday/Saturday night, well before midnight. They have also taken away their DJ they had (previously on Friday and Saturday) on Saturday, so now when you go there, it's pin-drop quiet... and dead. What benefit have these changes made?? I understand that this is "Lobby" Bar, which alludes to a bar specifically aimed towards hotel guests, but this is also a bar in a local hang that once catered to the neighborhood. Why have you let me down Lobby Bar, why??
5	I absolutely love this bar. Alicia is the best bar tender ever!!!! She is so attentive and awesome!! I will always come back here over any bar!!!! And the prices are amazing!
3	It's an average var that gets an average rating. GREAT bartenders! If you need somewhere to go to drown your sorrows and talk to someone - this is a good spot to do it at.
