5	24/hour breakfast place, enough said. But I'll go on, they have other things on the menu too, hot dogs, burgers, poutine, milk shakes and all that. It's where you go when you want some down and dirty grub and preferably when you are drunk. Apparently some major NHL players used to eat here (Patrick Roy?). I've only once ate here in the morning.
4	One of my favorite greasy-spoons when i'm in the area after battling the city from a heavy night of drinking when i visit!  My favorite is the grand slam that can help heal all the booze that i take in.. The grand slam:eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes or french toast and homefries...  Ohhh yeah and don't forget the famous Ed's burger...!
4	Great little hidden place. The breakfast is fairly large (and even cheaper if you go before 10am) and the burgers are quite tasty.It's a simply, good, old fashioned diner and if you're into greasy spoons, check it out!
5	For all the fancy French brunches in in Montreal, this teeny greasy spoon is so far my favorite for a cheap and cheerful brekkie. Better yet, it's even cheaper before 11am. The food arrives in practically nanoseconds, and is perfect hangover fare: french toast, sausages, fried eggs, bacon, etc. If you're looking for haute cuisine, Vieux Montreal is that way, bub! ;) The people that work there are super-friendly, and the crowd ranges from neighborhood retirees to college students to punks and hipsters stumbling in The Morning After. Love it.
5	Authenticity is what makes places like Shwartz's, Beauty's, Wilensky's and other Montreal favorites the institutions they are and the Casse Croute has it in spades.I would rather spend a lazy 90 minutes having breakfast here on a Saturday morning than fight the crowds at a place like Eggspectation or Cora. I have never had anything but breakfast here but my wife absolutely loves their grilled cheese sandwiches. I also like that they don't give me a hard time when I show up with a Starbucks coffee.This is definitely one of my favorite places in the city. The neighborhood is about to change in a major way with the new condo tower going up around the corner. I hope the Casse Croute survives it.
5	Fast service, excellent food, it's cozy, and full of cheap eats. This place is a Montreal staple, a hidden gem, a greasy spoon, a hole in the wall. Whether you choose to come here for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or are in need of a late night munch - you will not be disappointed! They serve breakfast around the clock, even in to the whee hours of the night! Their grand slam is fantastic, their grilled cheese is delightful, and their Big Ed burger is mouth-watering! Those are just a few of my favourites, as you can see. I used to come here more when I went to Dawson, but now I'll stumble in on the occasional drunken-wander or for a hangover brunch. The staff is accommodating, they're friendly and fun. It's not a strict and uptight environment at all. Perhaps it looks run down, but that's what gives it an old fashioned charm.
5	Open 24/7 since the 50s and no one will judge you if you want breakfast at some ungodly hour. This place is haunted by Montreal's hockey triumphs of days gone by, but the ghosts wear a laugh and a smile. And oh I do love me a true casse-croute.
5	Fine dining it is definitely not, but as greasy spoons go, you won't find better in Montreal. I used to live at Sherbrooke and Atwater while I was working the night shift at the Montreal Casino. When you get home at 4am and you're hungry, Moe's satisfies. Actually, it does a great job at any hour.Last night, after the Just for Laughs gala, I ventured back to Moe's and saw that little had changed (except that the tax is no longer included). The food's still good, the service is still fast, and the jukebox at my favourite table still doesn't work. Change is good, but sometimes, like with Moe's, staying the same is better. Here's to 50 more years, Moe!
5	This place is great for what it is. If you want fancy-shmancy, with a bright, sunny decore, this is not for you. If you want Legit Greasy Spoon/diner, covered in hockey memorabilia, then THIS is the place!I had the grand slam breakfast for $9 (3 eggs, 2 sausage, bacon, homefries, toast, and french toast) and was completely content. My girlfriend thought her meal was a bit on the small side for what hers cost (a grand total of $6 for a 3-egg omelette with sausage, homefries, and toast), but my meal was great so this place still gets 5 stars!The service was quick and friendly, and I'm a fan of all the posters of great Canadiens  players and other hockey greats. This would be the best place to go the morning after a big night.
2	Based on the strong reviews of other yelpers I decided to do brunch at Moe's on a rainy Friday and was beyond disappointed with every aspect of the experience, I just don't understand why this place is so highly acclaimed. Firstly, the place is an absolute dump, the seats inside are like a simulation for a 12 hr ride on a couch bus and the one small table outside is far from scenic or ambient as large trucks and buses constantly plow through the busy and uninspired area near the dreaded Atwater station. I ordered a mushroom, cheese and bacon omelette, only to be greeted by 3 of the most rubbery eggs prepared on a cafeteria flat grill and filled with poorly sauteed mushrooms, proceeded cheese and an average strip of bacon and complimented with under cooked home fries and some wonder bread. If that wasn't enough. the service was beyond bad, it was non existent! The waitress/grill cook was like a quebec version of lunch lady doris and didn't say two words to me other than 'here's your bill'. As an exclamation point she was pumping old school boy band music throughout the meal; luckily I was able to nab the outside table before I hung myself with a noose made from Moe's rubbery food.There are so many amazing diners in Montreal, don't waste your time here, Place Milton is not too far away and will serve you an infinitely better meal. Not to be too insensitive but I don't think it's a coincidence that a massacre occurred near this dinner; bad food can make people pretty unhappy!
4	lmao, ok this is the ultimate old school greasy spoon,,,,,,but not so greasy.  The little hole in the wall, basement style restaurant downtown montreal - 3 eggs, poached, bacon, hashbrowns, coffee and toast $6.99.  i would never have found without yelp.
2	I went to Moe's during my visit to Montreal based on Yelp reviews. I thought it would be the perfect quick breakfast after a hangover, or for a late night snack. I wasn't expecting anything fancy, but I think cleanliness is a completely different story!This diner was absolutely filthy! There were bugs flying everywhere, and they were covering the ceiling of the place. The menus were grungy and the tap water tasted like dirt! The food was fine, it was to be expected, but cleanliness is one thing I absolutely cannot overlook. Clean this place up before you get closed down!
4	I once ate the most incredible steamy I've ever had in my life. Simple, mustard, cabbage. T'was an orgasm in my mouth. It might have had something to do with the fact that I was seriously inebriated. I returned sober and it wasn't quite as fantastic. But Stills good. Tip: go DRUNK!
2	- greasy spoon diner that hasn't been cleaned in forever.- perfect if you're a student, or hungover, or broke.- nothing to write home about. it's a breakfast diner in the basement of a small corner building near the old montreal forum (now an AMC movie theatre)- open 24 hours btw
3	First off let me say I like Moe's... it's just the kind of place where I like to eat breakfast, cozy, unpretentious, fast and cheap.  I would have given Moe's 4 stars if it had been cleaner... they need to close for a day and do a deep clean.  That said the breakfast was unpretentious, fast, cheap and made perfectly to order.  I will say it again and hope that they read it: they need to close for a day and do a deep clean...
3	Fast service. Decent price. Greasy food.
5	Simple and humble little diner.I had the regular breakfast with coffee, buttered toast, potatoes, 3 eggs, bacon (they have few options). Good value. Good service.They have massive selections of food, would love to come back one day!
2	Love the fact that they are 24x7 and have 24 hour breakfast, lunch and dinner.   Although..  They need a few air fresheners and accept credit cards.   Cash only is very 1990s.
2	I've been here twice before in the past 5 years and both times it was past 3am and I was hammered. I really thought I loved it. I came here last night sober around midnight and got the Grand Slam while my partner got the big Ed burger. The eggs came looking really unappealing, the potatoes were soggy and tasteless, and the French toast just sucked royally. The big Ed burger was just two cheap frozen thin pieces of "meat" between cheap bread and tons of mayo. Really disappointed by you Yelpers that told me to eat this!
4	Such a great place! Really simple, great service, cheap and old fashioned. Everything you would expect from an old greasy diner and I hope it doesn't change.
3	Moes is your standard greasy spoon diner. It's a tiny basement, one room joint with a menu that's far too big. The food is what you'd expect, cheap and tasty enough, but my big complaint is the size of the seating. At 6`6" it's almost impossible for me to fit in any of their seating (extremely uncomfortable cramming occurs) and if I was a few pounds bigger it would be impossible. It might be time to update those booths guys, and fix the table side jukeboxes.
4	You're not coming here for the service or food. You come here because you're drunk or hungover and need some greasy grub to fill your tummy. This place does that and then some.And at 4 am this place is a sure bet compared to most late night eateries in this city. Please note I have never eaten here sober, not because I have a drinking problem but because I never had the urge to go hete unless I wss wasted.
3	The dependable grease-hole.I loved going here as a student and love returning as a drunk workin man. They have a variety of diner meals and breakfast plates to wake you up or sober you up. These guys never rest.
4	for the price it is really worth it! great diner and friendly staff too ! yes as many said its a grease hole but the food is good that is what's important no?
5	Always happy with the food and the service no matter what the time or the shape I'm in when I visit ;)
4	Pretty good old fashion looking restaurent. Price is cheap with good portion. I like this place a lot. Good thing about this place is open 24/7. Good place to eat after late night outside.Lot of variety on the menu. You can eat anything on anytime. I went this place with few friends and ordered different stuffs.  They use fresh veggies to make burgers or pitas. But fries aren't that great. Like poutine, hard to eat when it get cold. I wish that they can change it to make dishes better.Overall good place for the quantity and the quality.
4	I was curious to see what this place is because it seemed to get either great reviews with loyal customers or customers saying it is old and dirty. I would say it is older and sort of run down and in that basement but it has it's own charm, and reminds me of stepping back in time into a restaurant from the madmen era. The breakfasts are big and reasonably priced and very quick too. I recommend trying the croissants or Danishes warm they cut them and fry them on the griddle, comes off warm and buttery. The grand slam breakfast is huge!
