5	What a great place... they were very helpful and fixed my tire without a fuss... they even had a sense of humor... thanks guys!
5	I'm not one to normally write a review, but people need to know about this place.  It's clean, organized and well run.  Whether you're talking with the Manager (Terry) or anyone else, they are friendly and sure to explain what is going on.I took my car in because it was leaking some oil...that was actually spilled oil from an oil change done elsewhere. They cleaned it up without charge and without the awful upsell you get at most other repair shops.  I'll be going there exclusively.
4	I was very pleased with the friendly service here.  I had a coupon for a different location that they weren't able honor, but they did knock 10% for a transmission flush.  Another guy came who seemed like a regular...though I feel for anyone that is a regular at an autoshop!I mentioned that I was hungry and they referred me to Bertha's Cafe next door.  Laughed that the mechanic are now becoming foodies since Bertha's opened up. Will return for the quick and honest auto service.  They didn't dry to upsell me on any unnecessary services that my car didn't need.
4	Never been a fan of dealing with mechanics, especially at big name-branded (in this case, Firestone) shops as I'm afraid of any overhead. Well, this place was a pleasant surprise.It was a Saturday morning and I was having that "metal on metal" grinding noise when I braked. I came to Yelp! and saw these guys, who are actually less than a block away, and decided to give them a chance based on the good reviews. Welp, it was a good choice.First, no indifferent attitude (which is what I liken to most mechanics). The guy on the phone was all about helping me and I was surprised to find they could fit me right in and have me in and out in an hour.Turns out I didn't need rotors like I had thought, and he just changed the brake pads. Love not being upsold this, that, and the other thing or having unnecessary repairs! He even applied a coupon for $10 off and changed my windshield wiper blades for free- pretty atypical of a branded shop, I'd say.Anyway, check 'em out.
2	Well, jumped the gun on that last review I guess.Turns out, the work they did here was botched. I'm not sure if I'm influenced by the good and helpful attitude of the guy who helped me here or not, but I'd like to think it was some sort of mistake. Still, a costly one for me.I had gone in with what sounded like worn brake pads to the point of metal-on-metal rotor scraping, and thought I would need new rotors. After checking it out, the aforementioned "good guy" told me the rotors were fine and simply installed brake pads and cleaned the back brakes. A week later, I started hearing the noise again. I took it to another shop (Larry Harker's Auto) and they found that the rotors were not in good shape, and that in fact one was much thinner than the other. After they replaced them, the noise vanished and has not come back.Like I said, I want to believe this guy just made an honest mistake; it just seems like an unlikely scenario, though, given the problem. Just kind of goes to show that smaller shops with a long history in the area are usually the way to go.
1	Ive been having my car serviced here for 6 years.  The last time they failed to tighten any of the lug nuts on one of the wheels after a tire rotation.  i drove away and nearly crashed.  I had to call them to tell them to come out and tighten the wheel as it was barely on the car.  I never received an apology, an admission of guilt...when I called them the next day, they said they could perhaps give me a free oil change.  Really?!? My days with them are over.  They are careless and do not take ownership of their mistakes.  Zero customer service!
4	I own a 'bubble car' as my boyfriend likes to call it. Just a common Toyota Corolla S.. When one of my Goodyear tires needed to be replaced, I figured it wouldn't be a problem, considering that it's a COMMON car so there must be plenty of tires in stock before I go on a mandatory 300 mile road trip the next day.27 calls later to tire shops ranging from North Scottsdale, Fountain Hills, Tempe, Gilbert, to Avondale, my tires seems to be as elusive as the Fountain of Youth. The thought of me lying in the middle of the desert in 100+ degree heat waiting for vultures to nom on me because I couldn't find a tire was starting to become more real.My sadistic father, who watched me go through this mid-life crisis finally spoke up and said that there was a really nice guy across the street from where I was this entire time who fixed his car all the time and could probably help me. Lo and behold, I call and the guy who works there looks it up and says 'We don't have it, BUT I can drive and go get one and be back in 10 minutes.' Why did I not get this response the other 27 shops I tried calling?! Basically, less than an hour later, my car is done and ready to go. No appointments, no '2 days later', just fast service. The guy I spoke with was really nice, charged me only what was quoted without any hidden labor fees (cheaper than fixing it at the dealership), and told me to not be so hard on my father because he was a 'nice' guy. We'll see about that. Giving it 4 stars because I haven't had any other major service done there as others below have, but when I do, which will be very soon as my car brakes are squealing at an ungodly range higher than Mariah Carey's, I will be back to update my review.
5	GREAT service!  Blew a tire a few blocks down the street from Purcell on Christmas Eve, and they came and put my spare on so that I could drive my car.  This was above and beyond, and saved me a tow charge.  What incredibly friendly, accommodating service by Kevin and Bill on what was a really busy day for them.  I will, of course, be buying my replacement tire from them - they earned a lot of customer loyalty today!
1	If I could give a negative star I would. Shoddy work, inept & rude. My husband took his car for an alignment adjustment. When the technician pulled his car out of the bay he backed it in to another customer's truck, leaving our car with a nice dent in the rear quarter panel! Although apologetic, it was several days & multiple phone calls before they even agreed to pay for repairs. Let me pause here to tell you how terribly we were treated from here on out. From the rude cashier in the office, to the silent corporate office. They all made it abundantly clear that we were a bother.Upon delivering the 3 requested repair quotes, the cashier gal told my husband to go get a quote from a particular 4th repair shop, in Mesa, across town. When I returned with the quote (from said repair shop 20 miles from my house), I asked why their corporate office didn't tell us this in the 1st place? She said that it was her idea because she knew someone at this other shop. What? The repair quotes averaged about $2000 & 4 days for the repair. About 3 weeks later and many unreturned calls to their office, my husband finally hears from corporate. They will send a check (in a barely reasonable amount), and will not cover a rental car nor time or gas for running around collecting quotes, nor hassle. Wow! So, clearly customer service is NOT a priority for them.Here's the kicker: we had to take it to another shop to have the alignment fixed because they didn't do the initial work properly.
