1	This place is horrible. The service is second rate and the estimates are through the roof. A poorly run company by poorly organized people
1	I should have listened to the reviewer from 11/1/2010 but I figured it must be ran differently a year later, NOPE. They gave me an estimate for close to $364. I got a second opinion thankfully and I was really only looking at $188. I will not be returning because they wanted to charge me for unnecessary repairs.
4	O.K. so I go in for a $10 Groupon oil change on my 1999 E-150 and walk out with a $600 repair bill. Sound familiar? However unlike the majority of the NN (negative naive) Brake Shop Reviews,  I am not complaining! Yes most of these kind of places try to "up-sell"  an air filter change and various fluid exchange services ... that's the nature of the business! A simple no thank you is all that's required. At Just Brakes a free tire rotation is included so they can also inspect your brakes. (Yes that's their main business, and yes, that's a good idea from a safety stand point) The "big" difference at Just Brakes is they take you physically out into the shop so you "yourself" can decide what your vehicle needs. I am an Aircraft Mechanic by trade and I really appreciate that difference.  In my case they found a major fluid leak on my right rear wheel that saturated the brake shoes.  After removing the brake drum "together" we discovered that it was not brake fluid, but differential gear lube leaking through the bearing seal.  This is a big job on a Ford Van as you have to open the yoke and remove the entire drive shaft to press off the bearing and seal.  (A real bummer, but a discovery that potentially saved me a hefty repair bill, broken down on the side of road god knows where.)They wrote me an estimate for $665 dollars plus tax to replace everything on both sides, not just the leaking side. A competitive price considering all the parts and work required, but I love to haggle.  So I asked for the cost to repair just the leaking wheel bearing and saturated brake shoes ...  $400 plus tax. Humm, not worth it, in my particular situation it was best to "do it all" at one time. (While full replacement is not always required, most people are not qualified to make that call. Whether you choose a franchise shop, private shop mechanic, Uncle Buck, your best good buddy, or doing it yourself. Every option has it's drawbacks and benefits.)At a Franchise shop you need to learn to bundle ... to save a bundle. How about throwing in a "synthetic" engine oil change, new air filter, and full brake fluid exchange "along with" both rear wheel bearing/seals, both rear brake shoes, and both rear wheel cylinders. Next its time to have second thoughts .... "maybe I will just take care of this at a later date, just do the synthetic oil change for now." Ok ... we'll do everything you asked,$600 out the door including tax and shop fee's? Done ... and Done Right with a full warranty. While I can't speak for any other franchise, this particular Just Brake's does stand up work at a competitive price. They even gave me a ride home as the job extended overnight. Highly Recommended!Your milage may vary!
5	I was a little skeptical at first going to a Just Brakes and they did try to nickel and dime me until they realized I wasn't about anything other than what I was quoted over the phone to get new brakes on my car.  There was an issue in which one of the technicians broke my brake line and even though I was inconvenienced without my car - the whole situation was made right and handled incredibly by a manager/mechanic named Bobby.  Because of this guys phenomenal sense of urgency, concern and ability to make sure my car was taken care of, I would trust my car going back to this location for just about anything as long as this guy is still representing what Just Brakes is about.  Thank you for taking care of me and my vehicle Bobby/Just Brakes.
4	I came in because I received a coupon for a $20 oil change for my 84 camaro however after the free inspection turns out I have a couple of busted hoses and both front bearings are shot.  Matt (service guy) sensed I was not expecting the extra cost but he definitely did his part on giving me a great deal.  I know this because I had an estimate elsewhere and it was twice as much!  I think these guys awesome.
