4	It was time for me to replace the struts and shocks for my Mazda. Did my homework and got some estimates and figured I had to take a bite of the bullet being shot my way. As I wandered around looking for more esimates, I went to Advanced as a last resort. And I'm glad I did! They were at least $300 less than the other places I went and they were also going to put the OEM struts and shocks in. Even the dealer couldn't match that. My car rides nice and smooth now and I can tackle the rough CA highways when I go back for visits.
4	I've been going to advanced auto for several years now and they always give it to me straight and at the best price (I used to call around for quotes but now I don't even waste my time).  I feel like they treat me just as they would their sister or daughter - not like an easy target. Definitely recommended.  Bob & the team have been really great!
1	Horrible service and over priced!  Their so quick to rush you into financing the repairs.  Rude, pushy, and way over priced! You have been warned, don't do it!!!
5	These guys are great! I've been taking all my vehicles here for years. Numerous times I've gone in there expecting the worse, only to find out the repair was not as bad as I had feared. Monti, Bob, Cory, Frank and everyone else at the shop are guys you can trust. They won't try to sell you repairs you don't need and even better will refer you to a different shop if it's outside their scope which is soooooo much better than trying to charge you for a fix that doesn't work.In the rare case issues arise with the repair they always stand by their warranty and make things right no questions asked. Highly recommend!
5	I pulled into this Goodyear auto center today with my radiator leaking.  It was 108 degrees, I had my kids in the car and I didn't know what to do.  I walked in and let them know what happened, Frank, the technician, immediately stopped what he was doing and started to fix my car.  He was so friendly and quickly worked to repair the problem, filled my radiator fluid, and then they simply told me to have a nice day!  You may think this is no way to run a business, but I beg to differ. They now have a customer for life.
5	I came in here last week to get my oil changed and the service was second to none.  The assistant manager, whose name escapes me at the moment, was very kind and very customer friendly (as was his crew!).  I will definitely return for my next oil change.
