2	This Walmart is always busy and I have never been there when there wasn't a long line to check out. The shelves are generally a mess. They never have enough handicapped parking and they have assigned spaces to taxis in spaces that should be for handicapped access. (It appears they are also expanding this store to create a supercentre.)
2	I rarely walk into a Walmart, maybe once per quarter. This store is a mess! In fact it's so much of a mess that I wonder how people shop. A quiet Monday evening and there are carts full of merchandise around the store just sitting there. Went in looking for one particular product (a vacuum) and the sections were completely in shambles. A shame when you are looking at products that range from $38 to over $400. This reminds me of a bad bargain basement sale. It's like no one really cares and forget trying to find products on the shelves. Really... the competition has come to town and instead of competing you decide making your store look like trash is the way to go.... really!Walked to the cash to pay, light is on, but the cashier isn't even there. We stand there for a while deciding if we are going to pay for what we have in hand. Manager notices us and calls girl back to her cash. Four cashiers for the whole store and one goes walking away leaving people waiting? Important Note: This Walmart has very limited handicapped parking and it is often impossible to find a spot. They just don't care enough to increase the spots, in spite of the fact that they are often full with cars that all have permits. Shameful.
3	I can't agree with Ephraim. This used to be my neighbourhood Wal-Mart, and I still go there at least once a week. This is as clean as any other Wal-Mart of its "generation". Sure there are carts around the store, but they don't last long, and they are valuable when you find your arms full. There are carts of overstock too, but nothing excessive. You'll probably find what you're looking for, and easily. I have absolutely no problem with this location.
1	I just came to Walmart and it was completely empty, after 1 hour looking for clothes 1 guy from the staff took us out, saying they were close a lot ago, doors were still open and no sign or anything telling otherwise, back in Mexico all Walmarts close untill 10pm everyday, so it was a bit awkawrd.
