4	I've been coming to this gas station for a while now, and I have to say, its A okay.  It was recently remodeled back about a year and a half ago, so its new and clean!  They added a car wash here which is great.  Gas prices are lower then the rest here, store is clean and well stocked, and the staff here are warm and friendly.  I think their open 24 hours and all holidays, which is great.  The only downside (as with most AM/PM's) is that they don't take credit cards here.  They take cash, and debit cards for a 45 cent surcharge, but no major credit cards.  I love coming here because its close to home, gas is a few cents cheaper, and its not insanely busy like the QT so getting in and out is easy.  Stop in here for whatever you may need...gas, carwash, coffee, etc.  Plus, its in a little shopping plaza, so you can come in to hang out for a bit.
1	This gas station makes me so angry! I've just seen one young man working there, who is plenty nice. Unfortunately he is probably underpaid and he is made to wear a hideous polyester AMPM shirt with candy brands on it. But the real reason I hate this place is: the car wash is broken often, and when fixed somehow actually makes the car dirtier.  Also I tried at three different pumps to get gas, but they were all "frozen" at the debit card intake, and I was told by the young man who works there, that the sun makes them do this. We are in Arizona folks. We can do better.
4	Cheap, fast and easy.  Don't need more than that.
1	Terrible. Debit card machine on pump never works. And seriously, it's 2013, quit charging for debit card use, you stupid dinosaurs.
5	They have a drive through car wash!!! Every time I search for "drive through car wash" I get no results!! So I am going to type "drive through car wash" as many times as I can in this review.  The staff is polite and friendly and they have a drive through car wash!!!  This gas station is conveniently located at the cross streets of McClintock & Southern and they have a drive through car wash!!! I would recommend this gas station to ya'll because they have a drive through car wash!!!
1	Stopped to get gas. They're "special" nozzle wasn't working on our car. Went in to talk to the guy, was a total tool. "You have to push it all the way in." Which we were doing. Tried two different pumps. Wasn't working on his BMW. Problem was, the guy was extremely condescending to us.  June 15, 2014 12:45pm
