5	How many beauty supply stores/salons can you name? A lot, I'm sure. How many of those can you honestly say you were impressed with? And, I'm not referring to the contents and products on the shelves. I am referring strictly to the customer service. Oh? Not so many?Rachel, the manager set the bar so high and redefined the meaning of "sales associate" to me.I went to this store on a Saturday evening, on the quest to get my hands on some Hempz lotion. Oh, its amazing by the way. I walked in and was immediately greeted by another sweet gal. She asked the standard, "Do you need help finding anything?" I smiled back at her and let her know of my intentions of purchasing lotion, and also told her that this was my first time in a Beauty Brands store.Usually, I'll get the.. "ok, well take a look around and let me know if you need any help" comment, which is polite but this gal came up to me and asked if I'd like a tour of the store/salon. A tour? That was really cool, I thought. I declined graciously because I am pretty familiar with most products since I used to work in a salon for a year, but the fact that she offered that to me, was very cool.I browsed the selection of the Hempz line and wasn't too convinced on my purchase since the standard pump bottle retails for over $20. I scoped out other options and found some yummy smelling lotions from the Bask line (http://basklotions.com). Really great deal, attractive packaging, impressive ingredients, adequate hydration.  Sold.Smiling, I walked to the counter with my two bottles and said manager proceeded ringing up my purchases and we exchanged some pleasant small talk. Then, Rachel informed me of new product lines they will be introducing, upcoming money saving deals and sales, and gave me a fistful of free samples!!! She was very sweet and polite and -GENUINE.Anyone can put on a superficial act for their customers, but these gals are the real deal. Because of my pleasant visit to this Beauty Brands store, I will be a frequent customer.
4	Yesterday, at three, I found out that I have to travel on Monday morning. I noticed that BB was open until 9, called, and they could accommodate my timing. I decided to donate 8 inches of hair to Locks of Love (See photo). I was nervous. Daphne took excellent care of me - thank you! The cut and style look so good.From the warm greeting when I entered, the attention and care I was provided was top notch.
5	Yolanda is amazing! She gives THE BEST facials! I absolutely love going to her!
5	I come here because my hair stylist Jodie Dosh works here. She is amazing. She did all of the hair and makeup for my wedding party. She also cuts/colors/styles my sister-in-law and niece's hair and they always get compliments on their adorable hair styles. Right now they also have their annual $7.98 hairspray sale going on which is fantastic to stock up on your favorite hairspray. They also have an annual shampoo sale in July. I highly reccommend getting your hair done by Jodie and if you need to get your makeup done for an event as well, she used to work at MAC!
5	I went there this afternoon, it was crazy busy.  I am older and not so cute, but was sooo impressed with Stacy who spent lotsof time with me to get some new ideas on makeup.  Every timeI have gone to a Mac store, they have been incredibly helpful andrespectful.
5	I just had my hair cut and colored this afternoon by Bridgette and one word....FABULOUS! I love it!. The customer service and management here is superb. I will definitely be a returning customer! Thank you for the great hairstyle! :)
5	One word.....DRAMASTIC! (New word my hair stylist taught me today (1/23) meaning dramatically fantastic! Lol) Bridgette did it again for me, a great cut and style with great service! Thank you!
4	Really liked Linda. I only had color done, but service was good. My daughter liked the waiting area. It was comfortable for her. The music videos were a bonus.
1	Normally I'm just 'content' with the service here, but today was whole other story.So some background, I only come here because my mom does. When I FIRST started coming here for haircuts I used to LOVE the person I came to - NEVER any complaints always left with my hair better than how I imagined it. Since he's left (& idk where to find him) I've had a few not so great services but honestly I keep coming because I KNOW this place and I'm afraid to go anywhere new (so if you have a great stylist let me know).Today was a major disappointment because I had called and scheduled an appointment for a hair color at 10:30, the rep called me back at 10:10 (I was already on my way) & said there was a 'scheduling conflict' & needed me to come in at 11:30. So I came in at like 10:55 since I was on my way anyway and waited till 11:55 before the stylist I was scheduled with came in, settled in and called me back! If this was the ONLY thing I had to do today maybe I wouldn't mind but I kind of had a tight schedule & even left WAY more leeway for my hair and it got all used up and then some! Anyway, when she called me back & we got to talking about what I wanted she seemed annoyed (it was kind of a big job). She told me we'd do some test strands to see what my hair lifts and would check on me in 15 min... I'm still in the chair as of now, waiting, & it's been about 25 minutes... I'm gradually growing annoyed! I honestly wish I would have just left & took the time to research & go elsewhere.... Ok so now she came back to me and checked the test strands... Didn't really say anything. Put me under the dryer, said "ok a few more minutes" & walked away. She's walking around like she doesn't want to be here. She may have not had a good morning but now I haven't had a good morning. I don't like her mood. This is my fault though for returning somewhere that I haven't really been fully satisfied with for a while, grrrr. I try to give 2nd chances and each person the benefit of the doubt but I feel like its the 22nd chance and each person isn't any better than the previous!  Needless to say this will be my last time here. Lesson learned.
5	I like Beauty Brands for its great selection. I always use Kristen at the Peoria location for my salon services. She listens and is an excellent hair stylist. You will not be disappointed.
4	I didn't try any of the salon services so this review is just about the store.  I've never been to a Beauty Brands before but I heard about an amazing $9 hairspray sale they had.  I went & the girls were so sweet & helpful, the store was easy to navigate & they even had a pretty nice clearance section.  I'll be visiting this store more often.
5	Love this store! When they have sales, BOY do they have sales. All of the employees are super nice, too!
5	Emylie Anders is awesome!!! Incredible colorist and hairstylist. She is the best stylist I've ever had and I drive 45 mins just to see her. Highly recommend
5	I was in a hurry to find a salon that could give me an all over color before I had to go on vacation. All other salons open around 10pm but I had work at 1pm and didn't want to risk being late. I looked on Yelp for salons and found Beauty Brands! They opened at 8am and were able to get me in that morning at no problem right away. I had Sydney as my stylist and he did an amazing job! I got the color and cut I wanted and everyone at my work was blown away with it all! I was very impressed with the place itself and the other stylists that were there. These are professionals that know what their doing and really take care of their clients. I have definitely found my new "go to" salon. I am extremely happy with their work and help. Thank you Beauty Brands!
1	The hairdressers are all very young and inexperienced, with no older folk to guide them or show them how to cut hair.  I tried to explain how my ends need to be cut, but neither of the two employees had ever heard of such a thing.  I have had this certain type of cut from a few different hairdressers, and it's perfect for my type of hair.  I have had some other hairdressers insist on something else, and it always looks horrid.  I am open to certain changes, permutations, and differences here and there, but there is a specific way that the ends of my hair really need to be cut.So anyway, the two kids get together and decide that I'm crazy, and they convince me to let them do it "the right way".  I have to admit that it's my fault because it was Sunday afternoon, and I didn't feel like waiting for an appointment with a better establishment.  I just asked them to leave like an extra inch, just in case I needed to cut more to make it right.  They ended up giving me a very stupid-looking cut.  I actually had to cut it some more when I got home.  My home-cut involved standing backwards in front of a large mirror, holding a smaller mirror in my left hand, and using the scissors with my right hand.Luckily, the skill level of the hairdresser was so low that there was not much for me to mess up.  It's just a straight line across the back.  Nothing was done to the sides, and she did not create a shape of any type along the back.  I paid thirty bucks with tip for a straight line that goes right across my back.  I could have gotten my boyfriend to do it.
