5	We left town unexpectedly for three weeks and upon returning home, not only was our pool green, there were dead animals floating on the surface. This isn't an unusual event living in the North Scottsdale desert, what was unusual however was the the carnage..... a half eaten rabbit floating next to a dead coyote. I'm thinking the coyote chased the little fucker into the pool, started gnawing on him and finally took the deep six. Our family was so disgusted we didn't know who to turn to, that is until a friend suggested we call Pathfinder Pools. A guy named Greg came out and within hours not only were the dead varmints gone, the pool was starting to clear up.Since that horrible event, we've had many other things wander into the pool, mostly snakes and lizards. One call to Pathfinder and problem solved. Within hours your pool will be clean and ready for your wife's pasty guests from Minnesota.Another time a large snake went for a swim in the pool.Had it been up to me, I'd have left the snake for the party we were having later that day, but my wife saw it and immediately called Pathfinder. I was hoping they'd be like other pool services and not show up, but within a couple hours, the owner came over and fished a six foot rattler out of our pool. He even helped me skin it and cut off its tail and rattles.I now have a cool headband on my cowboy hat and a rattle I use to scare people whenever we go camping.Thanks Pathfinder (Roger & Greg) for always being so prompt, even if it does mean I have to deal with my wife's amazingly stupid (and pasty white) friends from Minnesota.Their prices are amazing too.
5	Roger was professional, gave us a great perspective on all our options and wasn't at all pushy.  He was on time, courteous and did great work.... I really can't find fault with that!
5	After getting screwed over by another so called "pool" specialist, I found Pathfinder.  Roger was so easy to deal with.  He was not pushy at all or trying to sell me stuff that I didn't need like other pool people had.  He gave me options and let me decide what I wanted to do.  They were very prompt in coming out and getting stuff done.  He gave me a fair price to drain the pool and start it back up again.  I like them so much that i'm entrusting them to install a new filter for me as well.  If they do as great of job on that, I'm going to give them the additional star.  UPDATE - Work is complete and they did an outstanding job.  Pathfinder gets 5 stars and I have already recommended them to others.
5	He helped un-clog our pipes and had great service! I would highly recommend this company to anyone! I can't wait for them to move a little bit more west so I can setup a regular cleaning schedule with them! Thx Roger!
5	We had Roger return to replace our dying Pool equipment. He was reasonably priced, efficient, professional and did great work.  I'd recommend him to anyone!
