4	Dilworth Billiards is probably the coolest pool club in Charlotte. It's a private club, so you need a membership to play there. And I mean a real membership - not a sign-in list on a piece of notebook paper (like most clubs have to skirt the weird NC alcohol rules). Luckily, my boyfriend is pretty into pool and went so far as to join the club. They have classic, antique pool tables, which are also for sale. The outdoor patio, complete with a beautiful fountain, is a great place to hang out on a nice day. You'll find a crowd of regulars at the bar there. It's definitely a smoky place, and your clothes will reek as a result. But everything else about the experience makes up for that.
5	I love Dilworth Billiards! And I don't even play pool. (or is it shoot pool??)Regardless, DB is a great place to hang out.Go by when Susan is behind the bar for the best homemade Bloody Mary. Ever. Seriously, I didn't even like Bloody Mary's until I had one of hers.Eric, the owner, can usually be found at the end of the bar with his newspaper and a friendly welcome for all his members and soon-to-be members. (To join is a very reasonable yearly rate.)This place is private and doesn't have to follow the new no-smoking policy; however, they've been smoke-free long before the local ban went into effect, so the previous poster's info about DB being smokey is outdated.While DB doesn't serve food, they allow you to bring in your own and will cover a pool table if you're having an event there and you bring in catering.The nicest surprise of this Dilworth hangout is the outside garden area. It's a great place to hang out with a beer and some friends near the koi pond.
5	This is a great place for after work drinks or just to hang out with friends. The courtyard coy pond is beautiful. Tuesday nights there is a bowling tounament and on Thursdays are Trivia Night. Everyone there is so friendly. It's a members only club because they don't serve food but the dues are very reasonable. Don't hesistate to come in and try it.
5	This is where the magic happens.. Ironically enough, I've never shot pool here. However, It is a familiar spot to meet with friends. It also happens to be where I first met my love. I can often be found hanging out with the fishes in their private courtyard area with relaxing pond when the weather is good. While this review is short and sweet, the impression and memories this place has enabled are long and lasting.The Cheers of Charlotte with a low key environment.
5	Find them on Twitter @dilbilliards!Walking into Dilworth Billiards is like hanging out in your best friend's living room. The staff is friendly and on the ball. Eric, the owner, takes time out to recognise you and thank you for being there. As for selection, you can't go wrong. They have everything from your run of the mill favorites to the most unique and innovative beers. However, it's the Bloody Mary's they serve that are second to none. While the inside is quite inviting, it's the patio that draws my attention. Lush greenery to keep it fresh, a private fence that will make you forget you're in the heart of the city, and huge and gorgeous Koi that swim merrily in their pond while you enjoy your friends and evening.There are not enough stars to rate Dilworth Billiards. I'll have to make due with giving them five.
5	Dilworth Billiards is one of Charlotte's best kept secrets. It's a low key place where you can relax, have a drink and hang out with friends. The staff is friendly and always attentive and the owner, Eric,  is very personable and makes everyone feel at home.  Don't miss the patio and the koi pod either!
4	I can't believe I've never been here before it's definetly my kind of hang out.  I had the chance to visit Dilworth Billiards for the Leap Day Beer Day for Ladies Beer tasting.  This place has a great beer selection and I got to try a handful of tasty brews.  The service was friendly the crowd was happy and they have a great outdoor patio. Cheers!
