4	They make their own Pita breads here, and they make them delicious and cheap. This would be enough reason to go here, as it's hard to find tasty and fresh pitas (most of the time, the bags still have steam in them because they're so fresh) for a good price, and this is it.On top of that, they have frozen raw gyros meat and home made tzatsiki sauce, so you can throw together a gyros sandwich. They have hummus and different kinds of olives by the pound, and a huge selection of turkish and arab foods. Some of their more interesting specialty items do get pricier, but mostly the cost is reasonable, and you can at least understand why a little box of food bought in sub-bulk from a random country in the Middle East is more expensive. Diverse, well stocked non-perishables and cheap, delicious pitas and prepared food accompaniments.
5	Pita Land has the best pitas in the city, hands down.They also have amazing spinach pies and pepperoni rolls - well, technically, they are not pepperoni rolls, but pita pepperoni rolls. Which is even better. I brought a $8 jar of tahini from Giant Eagle and came in here two days later and saw I could have brought twice as much from here for the same price. Once I finish that jar, I am coming here to buy my tahini.They also sell gyro sandwiches for $5 on Saturdays. I haven't brought one, but I sampled one and it tasted good.
5	P I T A L A N D! Exceptional Pitas baked daily HOT HOT HOT & Fresh!Whole wheat & WhiteThis place has everything under the sun :)
4	Awesome gem in Brookline. If you like Lebanese food, this is a great market to swing by for fresh (still warm!) pitas, and maybe grab a spinach & feta pie to heat up later for an easy dinner.  The baba ganouj and hummus are fabulous. Pitaland stocks authentic ingredients at reasonable prices. I've also heard good things about using Pitaland for catering events such as grad parties, etc.
5	Score ethnic food! I will say that I love their hummus. It's very tasty as well as their pitas (which appear to be sold all over the city). The staff is friendly and helpful and they have many things that you can't find anywhere else.
5	I use to live in Brookline and this place is awesome. They have great pitas as the name suggests and have several other offerings that are pretty good as well. They also have good Hummes which had become a staple in our house. They have a pretty good selection of Mediterranean/italian type groceries and they sell Hookahs and Shisha which is cool. If you like good pita's and hummes this is the place for you.
5	This place is amazing. Their bread!!! Delicious, soft pitas made fresh in store, plus many other kinds of middle eastern flatbreads. I bought delicious Lebanese olive oil here, tasty baklava, lots of cheap legumes. Definitely a place that made me wish I had lived in Brookline!I almost forgot about their spinach pies and cheese pies... soooooo good.
5	Stopped by last week.  Store was going to close for a couple of weeks for remodel and I think a cafe will be put in the front.  The pita bread is made fresh daily as are many of the other prepared foods.  You can watch the pita being made thru the window in the bakery.  The pita is wonderful and you can pick up so many delicious Mediterranean food items to take home.  Olive oil, olives, cheeses, Hoummus Dip, Baba Ghannouj, deserts, Halva, Specialty Pita Pies.  Good food and friendly service.
5	Love it!  The new cafe is beautiful and the food great.  Traditional gyros still great plus good selection of new sandwiches/dishes.  And as always, great hummus and greek and lebanese salads.  Also, definitely THE place to shop for mediterranean cooking ingredients.
4	They have awesome hummus and pita bread! They just put a new cafe in not too long ago with a large menu.
4	We've always been fans of Pita Land as a great Mediterranean grocery and the best joint in Pittsburgh to get freshly made pitas of all varieties and hummus.  When we heard they were putting in a cafe, I knew it would be good.Gyros, baked flat breads, pizzas, burgers, and all kinds of Mediterranean fare do not disappoint.  Much to our own demise (wayyy too much to eat), we ordered a meat flat bread (thinking it would be small), a Gyro Doner (larger than normal), and a Lamb Burger.The Lamb Burger, hands down, is one of the best burgers I've actually had in Pittsburgh.  Super juicy.  Cooked to order.  Feta cheese, pickled onions, etc.  I highly recommend.Do yourself a favor and get a piece of baklava from the counter on your way out as well!
5	My favourite  restaurant and bakery in  pittsburgh
5	Pita Land, olive you.I don't know why I don't come here everyday.It's a great little market, where you can get delicious Mediterranean/Lebanese/Middle Eastern groceries. They have fresh made hummus, dips, pita bread,  you name it! And everything's reasonably priced (don't have to shell out too many leaves for my grape leaves ...) Best of all, in the last year they opened a cafe inside. It's damn delicious and cheap to boot! The gyro, lamb burger, french fries with rosemary dip, flat breads are all excellent and won't disappoint!
3	I stopped by here this past Tuesday with my father for lunch.  I had been wanting to try Pitaland since I first saw it on the boulevard and was excited to finally make it there.  Whenever we finally made it inside, it was not what I had expected but in a good way.  The store was super clean, bright and open with an olive bar, central aisle of grocery items, deli and then a food counter with bar seats.  They also have some tables outside so that you eat there if the weather is nice.For my lunch entree I decided to go with the chicken shawarma in the donor size while my father went with the gyro in donor size.  While we were ordering I noticed a rather clever tip jar sign that had something to do with "pita" spelled backwards.  After placing our order we decided to sit inside at the counter on this day since the sun and humidity outside would have made for a miserable experience.  After only a few minutes of waiting, our lunches were handed over to us.  My chicken shwarma came out to me on a large pita with lettuce, pickle, onion, tomato and what I think was a a garlic mayo sauce?  The size of the pita was pretty large and I knew that by the time I was finished that I wouldn't need anything else.  Sadly I was disappointed with the sandwich and that mainly had to do with the chicken.  Since it was done rotisserie style I thought that meant that the meat would be good and moist.  However, it ended up being super dry and seemed to be overcooked as well.  The rest of the sandwich ended up being good though and I really enjoyed the larger pickles that were in my pita.The bottom line for me is that I might head back here again in the future.  While my chicken shwarma ended up being somewhat of a disappointment to me I think that this place has potential and I would like to give it another try.
5	Absofrigginamazeballs!  This place is the bomb!  Great food, friendly service and a little grocery in the side. Who could ask for more!?!  The falafel pita will astound. Yummers!
5	This place is amazing and anyone who isn't giving it 5 stars is crazy. My husband and I just moved to Brookline from NYC and when we discovered this place I felt like I struck gold. The pita is incredible...like the freshest most delicious pita I have ever had. The baba ghanoush is fantastic and smokey...omg. I could eat that every day. I had the spinach pie with feta cheese and it was yummy. My husband liked his gyro, but next time will ask for a little more sauce. Pitaland is super clean, the employees are friendly and the food is the real deal. I plan on making it one of my regular stops.
5	I want to live in Pita Land.  I'm thinking of applying for dual citizenship so I can give their fantastic food permanent residence in my happy belly.I don't know what to recommend more highly, their fluffy glorious gyros (which were the best I've ever had in a city of good gyros), their juicy feta lamb burger, their fresh baked pizza flat breads, their home made baba ganooj and hummus, their massive Mediterranean grocery supply, or their fresh baked pita's which you can watch coming off a conveyer belt carrying them fresh risen out of the oven!Low prices, big portions, and delicious, perfectly prepared, home made fresh fare.  Go to Pita Land and treat your taste buds to a magical journey to Lebanon's finest!
4	This is a really cool Middle Eastern market with a counter top dining area.  You order at the register and either take it to go or sit around the perimeter of their kitchen area on stools.  They have a nice menu of classic pita sandwiches, salads and your favorite sides.  I tried the lamb burger.  It was terrific.  It had feta, arugula, pickled onions and a garlic mayo on ciabatta.  I'm missing something here but you get the idea.  I ordered in medium and it was perfectly pink throughout.  They had live music on Saturday.  I enjoyed the music while I ate then strolled the market and sampled some olives, perused the hummus and baba ganoush selection and was tempted by the dessert case.  They have oils, bins of pulses and frozen imported delicacies and cheeses from far off lands.  They make their own pita and you can see the production line behind glass as you shop.  This place is totally worth checking out and I'll be back soon.
5	This time I brought my partner in culinary adventure and I ordered a Gyro and some fries.  My wife ordered a falafel plate.  She said it was the best she's ever had.  I felt the same about my Gyro.  The fries were great.  They're seasoned with something I couldn't identify and served with tartar.  Awesome.  I wish you could order a small because for $4 it's a huge basket.  Way too much for a side with a sandwich.  Miriam helped me out and I did finish them.  They were too good to waste.  I also took a square of baklava home and again it was the best I have ever had anywhere.  This place is a treasure.  If I lived near here, I would be here all the time.
