1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would. I ordered a chicken fajita and it was hands down the worse I ever had. The chicken was extremely dry flavorless and chopped up into teeny tiny pieces and was mixed with slivers of onions and peppers. The worst part was the warm goop that I assume was guacamole based on the dark green color. It had the same flavor and consistency of the sour cream. Last but not least, the horchata was watered down and gritty. This place is definitely no bueno
4	First time eating here. I just ordered the adobada fries (yes, you can do that). Most places allow you to sub out the often dry, unseasoned carne asada for the more flavorful adobada (pork). It makes a world of difference. Anyways, back to the review. I just ordered the fries and an horchata. The fries were very good and the meat cooked perfectly. Only complaint is that I wish they threw in a lime or 2. Most places put a lime wedge in with the fries. Not a big deal. I just assumed they did and didnt ask when they asked if I wanted salsa. I went drive-thru so I didnt find out til later, otherwise it wouldve been a non-issue. The horchata was also very good, not watered down like another review claims. Maybe they changed their recipe? Maybe that person just went on a day when a new guy was making it? Or maybe I just got lucky. Who knows, but it was good, and I consider myself a bit of an horchata connoisseur. *nose up*But to make an unnecessarily long story short, I am very satisfied with the food and will be returning soon.
4	Good old Cal Mex style Mexican food. Prices are a but expensive but military gets free drinks. The place is clean and in a great location. Specials all through the week as well. On complaint would be the high prices. $7 for a California burrito with sour cream. Bit expensive.
3	I wanted to give this place a couple of extra stars after trying the breakfast burritos. They are pretty tasty. I still say steer clear of the chicken fajitas though.
1	I've gone here a few times the food is just ok for the most part.  What I don't like is the upcharge they add on things and never tell you about until you look at your receipt--has happened twice to me.  If you charge extra for certain things let me know about it first.  Another issue is the attitude that you get from the workers there.  Ummmm $10 for some crap that you call tacos and served with a side of attitude? I will NOT be returning.
