3	It's Subway! If you like Subway, this place is just as good as any other location. If you don't, I doubt anything I say would sway you. As for me, I'm all for supporting these businesses near my house. Although I don't eat Subway often, I appreciate having this location available to me within a 3-minute walk.
3	Friendly staff. Solid lunch.I'm reviewing Subway because I'm bored. If you really need to read a review to decide whether or not to go to a place that makes generic sandwiches, you need to re-evaluate your life.I like Subway. If you've never heard of Subway and you're deciding to go because of my review, I just want you to know that the sound you just heard is my palm hitting my forehead.
5	Subs are consistent here. Friendly staff, soft bread, and fresh cookies!!
3	Pretty solid lunch. Everything was fresh and tasty. The guy who made my sandwich however was slow and even though I repeated what I wanted several times he forgot my green bell peppers.
4	You can't go wrong with a subway sandwich for lunch. I frequent this location because it's near home.My personal favorite is the $5 foot long menu. Eat half now and you have lunch for later. My usual is the cold cut combo loaded with all the vegetables and honey mustard. But that's the beauty of Subway, you can customize it any way your tummy desires. Consistent subs. Friendly and fast service. Clean facilities.
3	Typical subway service and subway food. It is fast food. It is the usual subway. It was clean and i got my usual vegi on wheat. It tasted like it does at every subway. It is hard to review places like this. Unless there is some abnormal event that happens while you are here, like the manager mooning you or an act of God it is hard to write an interesting review.
2	I'm a huge critic when it comes to sandwich shops. You're a big name place and you're open 24 hours. Please have the supplies to serve. How do you run out of bread and not bake more? I hate to sit down and eat a sandwich I don't like. It just doesn't satisfy me the way I know it can. Only plus about this place is they have chipotle sauce. Other than that it's just your typical shitty subway.
4	It's subway, so you know what to expect. The reason I'm giving it four starts is that every time I come in here the staff is so friendly. Good customer service always goes a long way for me.
5	Great spot for the midnight sub. Conner was super friendly and made a great sandwich.
