3	Typical, but new.  You see all of the people that are walking in and out and, I must say, the customers look like they work for a living hear.  I swear one of the guys was covered head to toe in soot.  That is amazing.  Ran around the store looking for those few items that I needed to satisfy my need to build and create.  Minimal help from the small quantities of employees, but some of them actually asked if I needed help -- after I had found the item.
1	When making a Customer's paymento atLowe's, we have our checklist:1. Do the phone numbers match?  Nope, but that's fine since people are always changing their phone numbers anyways.2. Does the name on account match name on check?  Nope, but mistakes happen at those pesky check companies.3. Does the account number on the check match the account number on the screen?  Why should it, those computers are always making mistakes.Now that we have verified that all the information is correct, we can process the payment.  The customer will be so happy that we didn't have to bother them with any silly questions.******I am sad to say that this is an actual occurrence.  What was originally an average Lowe's has turned into Lowe's Hell.  If the associates do not have basic logic comprehension, how do they survive?
1	Would like to give NO STARS.  bought all new kitchen appliances there.  Refrigerator is defective.  Theysend an outside company to repair.  Man arrives with NO TOOLS and wrong size seal for freezer.  not once, twice.  The first time, he tries to use my spoon from counter to install it!  I complain, too bad...they have to comeTHREE times before replacing it!  NEVER AGAIN.
3	Your typical area big box hardware store.  It's convenient to go to because of the proximity to other stores and how close it is to so many communities.Can't really say much else about this place other than with the self checkout lanes it's a breeze to run in and then out without having to deal with a single associate.
3	This local Lowe's serves its purpose for my husband and me -- a convenient home improvement store that we run into every month or two. I am most impressed by the lawn and garden section of the store. I am not sure how it compares to other Lowe's stores, but when shopping at the Home Depot in North Fayette last fall, their flower selection was dismal compared to this Lowe's.
4	Waterfront Lowe's beats Monroeville Lowe's for lawn and garden.  Hate to admit it, but it's true.
