5	Yoforia is a great frozen yogurt place.  I love how I can pick any flavor I want and apply whatever toppings myself.  Great service and everyone is super friendly.  I also love that they are open late on friday and saturdays.  This place should give Pinkberry a run for its money.  Its right next to the Starbucks in the shopping center.
4	My wife has wanted to try this place for a while.  We loaded up the kids and headed over after dinner last night.  What a great place on a hot summer day.  You pick a cup, choose your own flavor from about 10 choices, and add toppings.  It's  all self serve too.  The place was packed but it moved quickly.  Don't forget to grab little cups for tasting so you can really decide which flavor you like.  After you fill your bowl, add your toppings, they weigh it to figure out the price.  Only negative is the lack of outside seating.  The tables were full inside and plus it's just nice to sit outdoors. We will be back often.
5	Oh Yoforia, I heart you so!!  Hadn't been in a while but luckily we stopped in on Friday and I got the same thing I always get, original with kiwi, blueberries and fruity pebbles.  I've sampled other flavors and they are def good, but that tart is just it for me.  And I always find myself wishing I had put just a bit more in the cup, this time they had the small bucket size and I regretted not grabbing that one!!
4	I like the different flavors, and the choices of fresh fruit toppings. Much healthier than baskin robbins.
5	I love Yoforia! Best frozen yogurt on the planet! I especially love the taro and pistachio flavors. I have to say that lately I have made Yoforia my stop for lunch or dinner at least twice a week. The fresh fruit makes it so I don't even feel guilty!
5	I don't usually go for self-service setups that involve food... why pay extra to eat out if I'm going to be doing the work anyways?  Yoforia is a happy exception to this.  The yogurt, which comes in every flavor from chocolate to mango, is delicious, and the toppings are interesting and tasty as well.  They even have fresh fruit, if you are craving a healthy-ish dessert.  Servings are sold by the ounce. Prices are a tad on the expensive side but still reasonable: you can get a decent-serving for about four dollars.  The quality of the yogurt is certainly worth it.
5	WE LOVE YOFORIA!  Yeah... had to yell that.  What's NOT to love?  You pour exactly how much you want into your own cup and they have a bunch of flavors to choose from, whether it's the tangy, yogurty flavors (for my wife) or the stuff that's just glorified soft serve ice cream (for me).  You pay by weight.  Ingenious if you ask me.  Great toppings to choose from.  Best of all, my 19 month old loves it!  She likes both the tangy and non-tangy varieties.   Most of their ingredients are organic.  Just an awesome place!
5	Excellent frozen yogurt place bar none to me. I have tried Pinkberry and the option to self server with a number of toppings here just blows Pinkberry out the water.If you've never had frozen yogurt and think it won't taste as good as regular ice cream, you've got to put that aside for a bit and give this place a try. You'll be pleasantly surprised (come back and thank me... :) )
5	I'm a sucker for fro yo. This Yoforia was one of the first ones to open before the big fro yo craze hit Charlotte. The fro yo gods were in my corner because I lived in the apartment complex right behind it and would be able to walk on over , score! No, they don't have a beloved punch card but I can look past that since their fro yo is balls to the walls amazing. They have sweet, tart, fruity flavors with healthy and not so healthy toppings. It's a perfect treat on a hot day and I don't live by this location anymore, I find myself running special errands in Piper Glen so I can go and get a tub!Parking is a pain in the behind due to Starbucks, Trader Joes, the greenway and Yoforia but they never tow at the apartment complex behind it, just sayin......
4	These kind of places seem to be getting as viral as Rebecca Black: TCBY, FreshBerry, Yogurt Mountain, Fro-berry, the list goes on.What really makes them stand out from one another is the layout of the place and flavor options.This is a self serve place where you select your own flavors and toppings and pay by the ounce. There's all kinds of avenues you can go with this: from the chocolate/gummy bear options to the fresh kiwi and almond choices. For a cheap dessert, you can't go wrong with this frozen yogurt.I liked how many different sorbet flavors that were available on the changing wall of options. There were a couple of odder choices that I haven't seen before, like taro and pistachio. There's some really cool seating set up in there as well, and with the round white chairs and lighting, it kind of looks like an old 60s movie about space. Frozen yogurt is becoming the new cupcake, and this Yoforia location-right by a Trader Joe's and neighborhoods-is tough to beat.
5	I love Yoforia! It is by far te best yogurt place in Charlotte! I love the banana and stawberry flavors and I love how you can customize your own bowl. I probably go every other week! I love the Selwyn location - nice neighborhood and great for families. Really  hoping a location goes in somewhere in Southend. Love this place!
4	A little pricey since I load mine up with 30 lbs of candy, but I love yoforia.  You get to pick and mix your own yogurt and your toppings.  I like the concept and it was good.
2	We decided to stop by this Yoforia after having dinner at Senor Tequila & doing a little shopping at Trader Joes. Our plan was to get some fro-yo to take home for later. Compared to the Yoforia at the Promenade on Providence, this one leaves a lot to be desired.  For starters, they don't have the little tasting cups out in a convienant location... we had to wait in line to get a couple so that we could taste the new flavors before we made our decision. When we started looking at the flavors, we noticed that they were sold out of at least 3 of the selections. They did had a couple of holiday yogurts - peppermint mocha & eggnog, but I didn't care for these flavors at all.  We decided we would just go with the pineapple because it is tasty. However, we were not able to even halfway fill up a small container, as they apparently ran out of the pineapple too.  :-(We aren't big on toppings, especially when it is a self-serve scenario, so we skipped that. Next time we want to grab a bite of fro-yo, I'll hold out for Pinkberry or head to the other Yoforia location instead.
2	49 cents an ounce?  And 2 of their pumps weren't even working!I ordered blueberry yogurt and liked the flavor, their mochi was pretty standard.  I just couldn't get over how much I was paying for it.  And I was saddened that I couldn't try pumpkin pie because the pump wasn't working.
2	This establishment has gone down hill. I am an avid supporter of Yoforia. The fact that almost all of the long term employees know who I am just goes to show how addicted I am to this stuff. This location in particular used to be my favorite one to go to for my almost daily fix, but since my last visit I will not be returning to this particular one anymore.A majority of the time not all of the machines work which just makes this an awful shame:( Not sure if it's from the long term employees quitting from lack of support/respect from the owner/management. The last tie I went I actually felt a bit yucky purchasing some of the yogurt as well. It just didn't feel right:/Maybe in the long time future I will stop by on a whim and try it again, but I am talking waaayyyyyyy in the future. Cause I don't think this place is going to be good again anytime soon.
2	As a frozen yogurt aficionado, I am compelled to review Yoforia. On the whole, the ubiquity of frozen yogurt establishments in the Queen City is astounding. In the hierarchy of quality, however, Yoforia lands just ahead of TCBY. I have been there no less than 15 times and the yogurt is typically either icy or runny, never with the smooth consistency characteristic of higher quality yogurt. The toppings, although not as gross as TCBY, are plentiful but usually too large to be mixed in properly. There is, however, a large variety of toppings from cereal to fruit to sprinkles.I don't personally enjoy Yoforia (I'm a Tasty-Yo and Pinkberry fan), but I took my friend's 5-year-old daughter here once and she LOVED being able to choose her own toppings and mix yogurt flavors. I would be remiss if I didn't mention the service. I understand that it is self-serve, but it's really difficult to get an employee to come out of the back and offer a sample cup or even say hello when I've come in at off-hours. Really disappointing, compared to other yogurt places, where the staff is exceptional and engaged. I appreciate that extra human contact.Once they remodeled and put in more bathrooms so fire code allowed for the outdoor seating, that became a plus. All in all, if it's variety and mediocrity you're after, Yoforia is your place. It makes 5-year-olds deliriously happy. But then again, so do Dora and Diego.
3	I've been to several of these tart yogurt place around the country and I was a little disappointed when I went to Yoforia for the first time the other night.  I walked into the store and it is a nice space with a very good selection of frozen non fat  tart yogurts. After selecting my yogurt types I moved over to the topping and this is where the disappointment set in.  There were only a few choices of non candy/sweets to choose from.  They had a few strawberries, bananas, kiwi and what looked like cantaloupe.  But no other type of blueberries, blackberries, raspberries, mango, pineapple, nuts, or boba.
4	I REALLY like stopping here to satisfy my sweet tooth and don't want to feel any guilt.  Their yogurt is all organic and is sold by weight which I really love.  The fruit toppings are always fresh and delicious.
2	3 words people.  Save your money.  There are too many froyo places in the Queen city to force yourself to purchase overpriced, poor quality yogurt.  The flavors that I got Cookies and Creme and Cheesecake both had no flavor and were very icy indicating either poor mixing or bad quality.  The toppings that were there were the usual but the crushed cookies weren't the full crushed cookies but merely just the tops and bottoms.As far as the location it is a good one.  Situated in the ever crowded Trader Joe's anchored shopping center, parking is tight but manageable.  The restaurant itself is dated and needs refreshing.
4	Yoforia has a lot of wonderful flavors and some delicious toppings to enjoy.  I can't help but love this little create-your-own-fro-yo place.I especially appreciate that Yoforia has some unique flavors.  I had some of the almond butter yogurt and it was amazing.  My partner decided to try the taro, which was fruity and delish.  I like that they use organic ingredients and use reputable dairy products for their yogurt.  Not only can you make a sundae, they also offer pies, yogurt pops, and even cookies.Prices are about standard for this city, around $.50 an ounce.  The pops were about $2.50 a piece for a decent size.  It is small in this place, but they do have a few tables to sit at outside.If you're in the area, I highly recommend this place.
5	The taro frozen yogurt is amazing and unique to this place. Taste like a sweet milky poi!! Worth the trip, but luckily I'm there often for trader joes. My boys love it too.
