4	So, I was the only whitey in the place!  Went for a comedy show last night.  I had NO idea it was a dance club!  They had really beautiful decor - nice, comfy booths everywhere.  To the right when you walk in is a raised section lined with booths.  In front of the stage were more sections of booths with sleek, square table in front of them.They even had a booth lining the back wall on the stage.  I'm thinking this may be a perfect place for a comedy roast!The staff was friendly and (from what I hear) awesome drink specials.This place is really classy and I will be sure to dress more appropriately for my next visit.  And get the Fake Bake out!  Teehee!
4	Three girlfriends and I decided to go to PHX Friday night because we were in the mood for dancing and hip hop. It was so much fun and I'm already thinking about when I will be able to go back next! It's in a good location located on the same block as Silver and Bar Smith, and Hanny's is around the corner.First, when you walk up, there is a red carpet. Then before you walk in you have to be patted down (if you are a guy) and have your purse searched even if it's itty bitty and only has room enough for ID, money, and cell phone (if you are a girl). So before you get it, you know this has the makings of an interesting night! WARNING: Cover is $10 which is really my only big negative for PHX.The space is actually pretty small when you get inside - there is a large bar to the left, a large seating area right when you walk in, and then a few booths to your right that are raised from the dance floor. The dance floor itself is a pretty good size, although it does get crowded as the night goes on. Dress was definitely fashionable club wear, so any place that gives me an excuse to wear a party dress is cool with me!Service at the bar was always really quick, and it didn't hurt there were some hottie bartenders! Beer was $3 which was awesome. Music alternated between r&b and hip hop, and I would say 98% of the time, it was great. There were a few times when the DJ played way too slow r&b music which me and my friends were not feeling. But then the next song would be a great hip hop song, so I can't hate too much on the music. As in any other club in America, PHX does provide some amazing people watching.If you don't mind getting searched to get into a club (I will say it was a first for me) and a commanding police presence when you leave, and want good hip hop to dance to, PHX is definitely a place to check out.
2	Came here after the party at sky lounge never took off. They had big scary bouncers ($5 cover) at the front and lots of young people inside, 17-19 year olds. Drinks were $4 beers and $6 drink specials that night and we hung out with some locals. Lots of snobby "I am "grown" but this is probably only my 2nd time clubbing" type females in there. Some of the others were chill and good drunk conversationalists. I probably wouldnt go again but it's worth a try.
2	I went on a Saturday night and... well, yeah... I won't be going back. The cover was $10. The drinks were decent... and the dj was okay... but the crowd was about 21-24yo and that's NOT my thing. I used to have fun here a few years ago when I was that age lol... but now not so much. If you're new to the club scene and want a hip hop club that radiates typical phoenix, then this is for you... but after you're 24 I'm sure you won't want to be here anymore lol...
1	Never Never Never again! This place is anything but worth your money. We went this past Saturday for their 2nd year anniversary party and it was horrible. When we arrived at 11pm and meet up with a couple friend of ours it looked as though it might be a great night. we even had a chance to dance! we had been here a few times before and even though we had to leave then because a security had maced someone and it got in the system making the entire room choke; for some odd reason i thought that was a rare occurrence.  and even this night, when meeting a girl and her group standing near the bar; as she told me she had my back if anyone tries to start anything with us, i didn't think twice about people fighting in a club; i mean that's what happened when you were in high school right? i explained to her how  positivity is on my side and her response was "yeah but sometimes that positivity brings negativity in here." i was still baffled but thought ok, must be a rough day for her. but low and behold SHE was right!!!! some rooster looking girl tried to start a fight with one of my chicas because she was smiling in her direction! and the worst part about it, she had just tried to sucker punch me before that because i wouldn't let her big ass friend dirty dance on me. they were dirty dancing and letting all their rolls hang out; but because we are skinny, they thought we were an easy target. security seen it all, witnessed them come at us 4 three times and didn't do anything but move crazy eyes to another part of the club. well low and behold you can't keep a caged animal unleashed, so she came back with all her vigor towards her again. i couldn't believe that security would allow such a brazen & ugly girl back in the area only to start another fight. now i totally understand what that first girl was referring too! now i understand why there are always fights in this place, why the mace was sprayed last time, why when i mention PHX to some people they roll their eyes and vow not to ever attend anything there again.the crowd wasn't even good looking. it was like they scrapped the bottom of the barrel. the door charge was $15 and the drinks were $10 each. they had no A/C on, but many fans and burning candles (yeah they must not comprehend the fact that candles are heat conductors).  at our arrival the door security guy tried to frisk me 3 times. i asked for a lady to do it and he hassled me, but never the less i didn't let him frisk me; and the only reason we stayed was because we had 5 other girls and 5 guys meeting us there. now i know why there where 4 cop cars outside their doors. this place is the worst place to go for hip hop the only good thing about the entire night was listening to DJ robby rob. so if your looking for a fight, want to see big, and i mean BIG girls bumping and grinding on the dance floor in their too tiny tops and skirts letting all them rolls poke out then this is the place for you, if your looking to get maced just hanging out dancing and chocking to death then go to PHX in downtown phoenix, but if your looking for a great time to dance, chill with your friends and meet some classy and fun people DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT go to the PHX in downtown phoenix.
2	oohhi really wish they hadnt adopted our citie's shorthand for their lame club's namei actually waited in line w/ my brother to get inside this dumpughhit was...well...surreal?seemed like a bad dreamhopefully that bad dream will never repeat itself
1	I'm not walking into a club where they wand you, pat you down, and then charge you a $10 cover for an empty bar!  Still searching for that perfect place to go dancing...
1	This place sucks and it's boring.....don't waste ur time, you'll be disappointed lol
3	Place is on the small side, but the music is poppin. We had a table reserved and honestly probably would not have had as good of a time if we didn't reserve a table... which means prob won't go back if we don't. Service was o.k. The girl working our section did not come by to check on drinks as much as she probably should have. Good crowd..they don't have a covered smoking area which sucked cause it was raining the night we went. They do have another separate little section you can chill in be away from the music a little bit. Place was alright, but i know it was just because the people i was with..
2	Would you think I'm a complete a-hole if I told it was a blessing in disguise that a friend of mine who I was here with ran into an ex-boyfriend, turning her into an emotional (drunken) wreck, and as a result we had to hightail it out of here within about 15 minutes of arriving?  No?  Good, because any excuse to leave this place quickly was fine by me.  The only good thing I can say about PHX (which is a dumb name IMO) is that it's spacious and the decor is actually pretty nice in that, douchey "club nice" sort of way.  It wasn't crowded at all when we were there, and according to the friend who dragged us here (the one who ran into her ex), that's pretty much always the case.We went on a Friday, and there was a $5 cover for guys.  I don't necessarily loathe paying a small cover if I can justify the reason behind it (like live music), but this place just featured a DJ spinning top-40 hip hop music so I didn't get it.  I also didn't understand why half the club was roped off for VIP when there was like 30-40 people inside the place (no exaggeration).  Was it supposed to look cool or something?  I can't complain about the service (I had time to suck down one drink before leaving), but like I said it wasn't crowded.At the end of the day, this sort of place just isn't my scene.  I don't get to the bars too often downtown when I'm visiting AZ, but I have noticed there's a growing scene close to the light rails stops in this area (which is how I got down here from Tempe) with some really cool spots.  IMO, PHX isn't one of them...
1	PHX IS CLOSED! It is now called the Monarch and is not open on Thursdays.
