5	As a new resident to Arizona, I've been frequenting the adult shops in the Tempe/Phx Metro area looking for the shops that seem to provide the most satisfaction for me. My criteria is based on the selection of videos, the wide variety of kinky/fetish supplies and abundance of toys available. I am also interested in lingerie, especially if it is reasonably priced (and it is so often over priced), but that is the last of my adult shop needs. Smokin' Lingerie is the perfect middle ground to find pretty much everything you need. Although it has been argued to me that it is a bit over priced as far as toys go; it is not a big enough difference for me to care too much. I was extremely pleased with the selection of fetish gear. Genuine leather goods, restraints, latex - it's all there. If you're seriously into that sort of thing, the price shouldn't bother. There is an abundance of toys as well. Some in the more "extreme" realm of the sex world too. The organization of the toys is not too clear, but that was ok with me because I had to look at everything to make sure I saw what the store had to offer. For those interested in lingerie, the store would probably satisfy lingerie needs. There was a lot of different types of lingerie/"clubwear" available and the price was the same as any other place, or maybe better. It varied from the more vanilla, stripper-wear to the leather hardness and fishnet body suits. I was quickly reminded by the stores wide selection and organization that I was not in the grimiest of adult boutiques, but I wasn't in some corporate, vanilla store where every employee is wearing a uniform. Bottom line: if you're used to frequenting the corporate adult boutiques, this place may seem kind of intimidating at first (either by its selection or organization technique or lack thereof), but do not be fooled - my guess is that you'll want to leave with at least one thing by the time you're done browsing.
5	Now I know I have this thing for Fascinations but this is one of the best stores I have been into. HUGE selection of porn. An incredibly large selection of dongs, toys, bathing suits, panties, night club wear, hosiery, lotions, oils, shoes, magazines, bondage, latex, whips, chains, and did I mention they are also a smoke shop?They have plus sizes and their shoe selection goes up to a size 14 for you beautiful men and women out there. Seriously take your time and see what they have to offer, you will be like a kid in a candy store. I was excited to see that they have the Sybian but not to be left out they have the Venus 2000 for you guys.  They will also buy those old pornos you don't want. Things are perhaps not too organized but that is the fun of the store. They do have some items on sale and if you buy 2 movies, you get the 3rd free! They are open late on the weekends until 1 am.
2	Poor selection of lingerie. Dancer shoes from the 80's. Wayy over priced dancer wear. Fascinations adult store down the street blows this place out of the water. They do sell other things such as bongs and porno although the smoke product prices are inflated as well. Would not recommend.
