4	In the all Asian strip malls at the corner of Spring Mountain and Valley View is Pho Little Saigon. It is pretty large, pretty clean, and has a large menu of popular Vietnamese dishes.  This includes Khai Vi appetizers like Bi Cuon and Banh Xeo; Rice Porridge (Chao); 20 different Pho soups; about the same number of Com Dia rice plates and Bun Vermicelli dishes, Banh Canh (Vietnamese Udon); Bo Bai Mon (7 course beef) for $22.99, and Hu Tieu. Also Vietnamese desserts and drinks. I tried the Hu Tieu My Tho and it was excellent. You can order this wet as a soup or dry as more like a stew, with the more chewy clear sukiyaki type noodles. I ordered it dry, which comes with a side bowl of soup broth to pour over the ingredients after mixing. The Hu Tiel My Tho was chock full of ingredients: several large shrimp, a couple of fish cake balls, Chinese style sliced pork, Vietnamese style sliced pork, a couple of boiled Quail eggs, lots of green onions, chives, green leaf lettuce, yellow onions, and ground pork in a pork paste sauce. Delicious and only $6.59.This place has 3 strobe lights blinking outside to help you find it. Inside, they have the obligatory plasma screens (4 in total!) showing Vietnamese variety show DVDs. They are open from 8:00am to11:00pm 7 days a week! They say Cash Only, but they accepted my credit card when I asked them. If you are stuck on the strip and don't want to spend another $50 on overpriced Casino food, go west half a mile on Spring Mountain.
1	The is probably one the worst places to eat.  As i walked into this place I assumed it was going to be a good resturant to eat at.  The resturant was big and clean.  My family of 4 ordered 3 Pho Dac Biet and one Bun Chao Tom (grilled shimp past with noodles).  When our Pho came out it was warm.  It wasn't hot enough to cook the raw meat then put on top of pho.   The worst part of the meal was when the Bun Chao Tom.   As we were slicing into the meat we discovery that it was still cold.  We were completely disgusted at this point.  We paid and left.  We will never return to this place again.
3	Average to below-average for Pho (of course does not compare to Southern California) but I'd still be back from time to time... sometimes you just crave authentic Asian food when you're in Vegas... where else are you gonna get it?
3	This place was OK for a freezing Vegas night. The food was just okay -- edible without being overly impressive.My bun rieu had good flavor although the broth wasn't rich enough. Hubby's mi ga was also okay. Lil guy's bo luc lac was also mediocre. Like I said, everything was just so-so.Service was what you'd expect even though I spoke Chinese to the guy. If you're looking for something other than food on the strip, this is a good alternative. It's not bad, but it won't blow you away.Cash Only.
2	I usually go to Pho Saigon 8 for Pho, but it was almost midnight when I got to Vegas and Pho Saigon 8 was closed.  Remembered reading a review on this place, I thought I'd give it a try.  I ordered the combination Pho with all the trimmings and I didn't like it at all!  The broth was only lukewarm but what made me sick was that it smelled and tasted gamy.  I had ordered a small bowl.  As hungry as I was, I barely finished 1/2 of it and just gave up.  It left such bad taste (and memory) in my mouth that I didn't want Pho during the rest of my stay!  And let me tell you, I am a Pho-natic and I can eat Pho everyday!The service was not bad as the other reviewers described.  In fact it was rather friendly.  We were served water and menu right away as we sat down.  But perhaps it was because we were one of the only 3 tables of customers there at the time.  I will be better prepared next time and find another place to go to if I know I am going to arrive late to Vegas again.
3	This is the first Pho place you'll see if you're driving off the 15 and into "Chinatown." I had just spent an hour driving around to restaurants that for some reason were either CLOSED or reserved for private parties. We were starving and decided the FIRST place we saw on Spring Mountain for noodles we saw, was where we'd eat.The service was friendly but the restaurant falsely advertises CORONA in the window. Don't expect to get a beer here. They don't have their liquor license. Apparently they forgot to renew it. (?!)The bowls of pho were large but for $6.99 you'd sure hope so. The rare beef was okay. Quality wise, I've had better. The eye of round in the bowl was disappointingly fatty.We also had a bowl of cold noodles, lettuce and shrimp paste/ soybean wrapper fritters with slices of pork. The dish was pretty bland and the pork was overcooked.We also ordered another dish that was more like a chinese stirfry of beef and veggies over little patties of fried noodles. It was okay but not good enough that we'd want to take the leftovers home.In the end, it was a fair visit since the waitstaff was attentive and friendly. The place is brightly lit and relatively clean. I'd imagine this would be a good place for big groups of hungry, last minute eaters.
4	First time eating Pho ever and this is where I had it. Service was great. Waiter extremely funny. Noodles were excellent. Would love to get back to this place the next time out in Vegas.
1	If it was possible I'd give them half a star.. just because my Ice Vietnamese coffee w/ condensed milk tasted ok and my friend's taro tapioca drink was ok.Where do I begin, there are soo many negatives that I can write a whole page about this place.  First of all, they were rude when taking our order.  We waved at 3 waiters  and each one told us to wait a minute.  Finally, a girl w/ glasses comes over and takes our order but in the middle of it she runs into the kitchen and does not come back until about a minute later.  RUDE!!There are pictures of the food on the wall w/ #s next to them.  You would think that it corresponds to the # on the menu but NOPE.. its not even numbered the same as the menu.DO NOT ORDER WATERMELON TAPIOCA!  The picture on the wall look like the typical watermelon juice drink one would find at ANY tapioca drink place.  It should be RED... the ones that we got came out looking like blended pepto bismo!!!!  It was PINK... of course we complained and said it doesn't look like anything like that picture.  One guy comes over and said oh its because we use a powder!  So we refused the drink!We ordered (2) #19 which was like pho tai w/ flanks.  One came out and I was still waiting for mine, so finally we got someone's attention and told him we're still missing another one of this (pointing at the first #19 we got).  They guy was like whats that, so I said #19, OMG-- they go and open the menu to see what it is and then goes to take the one that we have away.  We were like NO what are you doing!  We ordered 2 of this, leave this one and bring another.  I swear there are a bunch of morons working in this place!!!!  STRONGLY ADVISE PEOPLE TO STAY AWAY!!!   The food is not even good!!!!  Worst Pho EVER!!!!!  Paying at the cashier you can feel how sticky the floor was!!!
2	Sigh.Pho in Las Vegas... how can you go wrong?  Well, let me list the ways:1) They are so busy and are understaffed for the lunch crowd.  Some of the waiters don't even care about anything.. they just bring your food and leave.  Now, I really don't expect good service from an Asian restaurant, but when we asked for an extra bowl, a waiter shouldn't ignore you and act like they didn't hear your request.  Funny thing is that when we left the restaurant, there are hundreds of empty bowls sitting on the counter!  How hard is it to get an empty bowl from there?2) The food is average.  I love to eat Pho.  It is such a simple, yet satisfying dish.  Unfortunately, this place is mediocre in their Pho bowls.  Seems like a lot of the other patrons order more rice dishes than Pho.  Which I find interesting, since this is a "Pho" restaurant.3) The spoons and little bowls are greasy and oily.  Nothing is worse than grabbing a spoon and seeing your thumb print embedded into the spoon.  Make sure you wipe the spoon and little bowls!4) One waiter has a Swastika tattoo on his upper chest and it is SO VISIBLE.  Look, I am all for your 1st amendment right of freedom of speech.  But, dude - don't unbutton your polo shirt so that you can show off that racist Swastika tattoo.I think most people go here since it is one of the first Pho places on Spring Mountain Road from the strip.  Take my advice and go a little further down and to a better Pho place.
3	We had a hankering for Pho and this is the first Pho place you see when you drive down Spring Mountain Rd to Chinatown. I had my standard Pho Tai Chin and the broth had a definite herbal flavor, good balance of cloves and anise. The broth wasn't particularly beefy and I think the Las Vegas tap water threw me off at first.The noodles were fine as were the brisket slices. The slices of tai arrived well done already and were on the tough side.Standard bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos, and lime as garnishes.The place is nice and spacious and features plasma TVs on every wall. We sure got our dose of Hurricane Ike news for lunch.
1	This has to be the worst Vietnamese food I've every had.  The shrimps in the spring rolls were spoiled.  The Pho was awful and the mint leaves, basil, bean sprouts, etc. were old and wilted.  The service was not all that great but it's expected.  I guess you can't have Pho in Vegas.  Don't even bother!
4	Do you believe in luck? You better if you're going to walk into a Pho place.  Finding a good and consistent Pho restaurant is like finding a flower in a mine field.  If you're careful and have lots of patience (throw in some luck), you might hit jackpot.The three things I look for in a restaurant or eatery: 1) Good Service2) Good Food3) CleanI have frequented this place many times. Of course, most of those visits include eating with my parents.  As soon as my mother walks through the doors, most of the regular wait staff recognize her. She definitely gets the Godfather treatment.  Our servers are alway quick to take the orders and the food has been very consistent. This is probably the only Pho place that does not include an immediate visit to the restrooms after the meal.  No need for the Pepto (or Immodium) at this place. A story for the non-believers:I  went to Pho Saigon with my parents during a recent visit.  Unfortunately, we probably picked one of the busiest day of the year to have Pho.  The restaurant was packed, and people were lining up at the door.  However, one of the the regular server saw my mother and waved us over to a table. Despite the full house, someone came and took our order within 5 minutes.  Our food came out all at once, in less than 15 minutes. There was one not-so-good moment: we had three different servers, but one lady server tried to discourage us not to order the spring roles since it was "busy". She told us that it would take too long to make the rolls. Obviously she was new.  The other servers got us the spring rolls quickly when they realized that we wanted the spring rolls.  They also brought out an extra dish of tripe when my mother accidentally ordered my Pho without the tripe. The (regular) servers went above and beyond to help us with the orders.Asian restaurants definitely operate on a different level compared to western style restaurants. You're not going to get the same service and the same quality of food. Pho Little Saigon is not Tallaivante.  It's not your typical TGI Friday franchise. It's a local place owned by local people.  The service can be sketchy, but the food is consistent.  It's my little Saigon.Some of my fav dishes:-Pho tai nam + bo vien-com thit nung +  tom nung-Ban hoi thit nung + tom nung-cafe su da-che ba mau-goi coun
3	This place is alright..  I don't know why I suggested coming here! haha my porkchop with rice was pretty good but I've had better. I didn't try the pho but my friend didn't eat all of hers so I'm assuming it sucked. Overall, mediocre.
1	I was just there on Wednesday afternoon on vacation. My family wanted to eat some vietnamese food after all the junk we had on our long drive from SF to LV. This is by far one of the worst vietnamese restaurants I've ever ate at. The pho broth is SO salty and I had a pho dac biet.  Tell me why I only had ONE HALF of a BEEF BALL? wtf. My sister ordered the same and also had only one half of a beef ball. They skimp on meat and noodles & leave you with basically a huge bowl full of salty broth. I'd NEVER go here again the next time I'm down in LV. AND it was expensive as hell.
5	I really like this place because my pho always has alot of meat! I don't have to add anything to the broth and its always really fast! The service isn't too bad, but not good.But the pho makes up for it because it comes piping hot. Get what u pay for here.
3	This place is ok. Not superb but at the same time not horrible. I believe that they are open 24 hours now. They also serve smoothies, milk tea and boba. Their fried spring rolls are decent. The pho is mediocre. The place is nice and spacious. Average pho noodle house that could be better.
3	+ open 24 hours!!+ real close to the strip...less than 5 min drive+ large restaurant which means lots of tablesfood wise -as most have said- isn't anything too impressive..but considering this is VEGAS....i guess its good enough for vegas =)I really liked my eggroll dish i ordered (the fried eggrolls you wrap w/ lettece).pho itself did lack a bit of flavor...all in all...if you get tired of american/fusion food...and you're craving some MSG...this would be a decent place to go =)
2	I noticed a bunch of Pho places on Spring during my trip to Vegas this past weekend.Having partied hardy the night before, our group decided Pho was definitely in order.Maybe I'm spoiled a bit because I've had the best Pho in San Jose and Westminster... and so my Pho standards are pretty high.I felt it was an okay place at first glance: clean, lots of Vietnamese locals, and spacious.The pho was really average. The broth lacked body and substance, and could have possibly been adulterated with some Swanson's chicken broth. I hate that. The noodles were okay, but the meat was TOTALLY skimpy in the large. There are MEATBALLS in Pho Dac Biet, I got no such meat in my bowl and no tripe either =(I also ordered some Vietnamese Ice Coffee (Cafe Sua Da) and it wasn't strong enough. They skimped on the coffee grounds. I like places that prepare the french press in front of you instead of going to the back and giving you pre-stirred drinks, but they shafted me on the strength. It tasted watered down.I'd probably never come back unless it were like the AM and I was desperately wasted.The service kind of sucked too. We were all hungover and needed water. We had to ask 100x times for refills!This place kind of reminds of the quality and even appearance of Lee's Noodle House in San Jose off of Tully Rd.... If you're from San Jose, you know what I'm talking about - this is Lee's Noodle House twin brother in Vegas.
3	open 24 hrs, wifi available.  standard pho, nothing spectacular but good enough.  broth on the mild side, noodles fair, meat scored 3 out of 5.  loud Vietnamese-language movies on the big screens all around.  very spacious, with solid furniture.
1	Not the best pho I've had. Kind of pricey, but it was expected since it was near the strip. The spring rolls that we ordered were rotten and when my dad took a bit he started gagging. Needless to say I sent it back and it was taken off the bill. Also, none of the workers seem to speak English there, and were not very friendly when they did not understand what you we're trying to order.Only reason why I gave this place a one star is because it's open 24 hours. I mean how many pho joints do you know that offer that? If you come here completely inebriated, you'll probably have a great time and don't notice the very standard pho you are being served.Don't think I'll be coming back here next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Yeah, just as the rating goes, I HAVE had better.this was our second day of Vegas and we needed a meal that would digest quickly before we hit the buffets.It was actually pretty pricey for what they served. of course mom always makes the better pho but go across the street and you can get much better pho.However, it reminded me of ghetto little saigon like it REALLY is. hahago across the street. for sure.
1	I didn't want to eat American fast food while I was in Vegas because I was getting sick of it.  I just felt like eating something else so I came across this place by accident and it sounded good to me.  It was crowded on a Saturday night, maybe 6 tables full when the capacity is for 40 tables.So I ordered the pho, spring rolls and a dessert.  Spring rolls were decent, nothing spectacular, just standard.  It wasn't horrible, just OK.  Pho came next, appeared to be steaming and yummy.  I added the lime juice, bean sprouts and went at it.  Well, it didn't taste like much, the broth was bland and lacked punch that a good bowl of pho should be.  I was unimpressed with it.  And last was the cut jelly dessert which was probably the best of the three.Service was decent, they were quick with everything, but then again it wasn't busy so what can you say? They are open 24 hours so that works in their favor, but I wouldn't really rush over here after a night of gambling or hanging out on the strip.  I saw two Caucasian guys come in and check out the menu, I was about to warn them that the food isn't worth it.  Luckily for them, they left before I had to say anything.  I wouldn't return.  Disappointed.  I wish Vietnamese food were better here, but it's not and that's a shame because I think it could thrive here in Vegas in the right hands.
1	Pho is great after a long night of partying and I was excited to having some but it was a disappointment. Actually the egg rolls weren't too bad & their coffee was good & strong. However, the basil leaves they gave us looked old! You really had to pick through them to even find some decent looking leaves. YUCK!Other things to know about this place... Open 24 hours but CASH ONLY.
1	Worst Service Ever! The bathrooms weren't clean AND there was trash under the tables! They were slow to bring out the food and didn't give us water or napkins! Worst customer service I have ever experienced!
2	I really do like the Pho here.  Being gluten free, I love to find cheap, good food I can eat.The big downer for eating here is the waitstaff that doesn't speak English, and has a way of telling you off when they misunderstand you.  I'm very polite, so it's a bit of a surprise when I get my head bitten off when I try to order spring rolls... which didn't come, but they magically showed up on my bill.  WTF?Cash only.
4	I'm really surprised about the bad reviews service-wise for this place! The people working there on New Years Eve were really nice and chatting with everyone. My family was stranded because the Strip was closed and we were unable to get to our hotel, so they told us to stay there as long as we needed until we were allowed back. They also had a lot of TV's around the restaurant and everyone was allowed to go outside to watch the fireworks from the Strip!The service was a little bit slower than what I'm used to at a Vietnamese restaurant, but it wasn't overly long. The pho was pretty good, standard for a normal pho place. I got a jackfruit shake, and you could taste some jackfruit pieces. Yum!Also a note: They only offer pho and rice dishes after about 10pm or so. Don't expect spring rolls during the late night hours! Cash only as well with a small-ish parking lot.
3	You see advertisements for this place all over in the "Asian area". 24 HOUR PHO is all I saw. So Cali has an abundance of 24 hour pho joints. From Garden Grove/Westminster to the streets of Ktown so I'm not like wtf to 24 hr pho shops. I am always curious of how often they clean out their soup base though.I usually go to my regular joints on Spring Mountain but this time I wanted to try something different so I stopped by Pho Little Saigon before heading out on the road back to LA. Give it a shot, why not?I agree with some of the reviewers, lack of staff. The place isn't THAT big but if it gets busy then what? My experience with pho places are that if they're really good, then the staff is plentiful and the food comes out faster than McDonald's because they want you in/out of their place so they can make room for the next customers. My pho was decent. There was plenty of meat and noodles so they weren't tight on that for sure. You don't get your own plate of veggies though. Three people in my party ordered pho and we only received one plate of the bean sprouts, lemon, & basil leaves. Most pho restaurants will give you one plate per pho bowl, not here. The spring roll was mediocre, actually don't even bother. No extra veggies for you there either.Next time, I'll probably play it safe and return to my other usual pho restaurants.CASH ONLY.
1	If I can give negative star on rating, sure I will do that. Bad services, waiters/waitress just group together chi-chat and play glambling, and rarely response customer's order. We order special Pho, $9 for a small bowl, and we taste the soup had a lot of MSG!!! no beef taste, the worst pho I ever ate. Their only advantage is open 24 hours.
4	Probably your best bet for a late night dinner after an eventful evening at the club, bar, gambling, or even a show! And it's cheap! How cheap? Cheap as hell I'd like to think. Also it's a 24/7 restaurant. I had their rare beef and meatball pho and their eggrolls. I would say their broth is a little sweeter than to my liking but still not too bad. The eggrolls were awesome! I loved it! Maybe my favorite cheap eats joint in Vegas besides In-N-Out
4	pretty good place! i've been here more than 5 times. The food is really good, reasonably priced, and they are open 24 hours!! thanks for the good food on all the drunk nights iv'e had!!!! lol
1	This is by far the worst restaurant I have ever been too. I will never come back to this place. We only visited this place because we were so hungry after our flight that we just wanted to grab some Vietnamese food in town. However, it was such a disappointment. My parents ordered a fish soup entree' but it wasn't even good and authentic. It seems like this restaurant no longer care about the quality of their food, but more about grabbing your money as much as they can. P.S. The restaurant only accept cash. What?? Yeah, I know. They also does not want to give you a bill of the meal you pay for. As if, they don't want you to know how expensive they are. Boo--Hoo....
1	My fiance was a little hungover from a fun night out in Vegas so we decided to get the best hangover food ever . . . pho! We didn't want to get it on the strip because we were sure it would be good and that it would be expensive.We found this place because of all their advertising. Yes that stuff works. When I went inside, I was surprised to see how Americanized it was. That was a bad sign off the bat, plus it was a 24 hour place. =(I order the house special egg noodles and glass noodles soup and he order a pho tai, the one with just the strips of steak. When I got my bowl, I tasted it and it tasted really bad. I wasn't sure what it was but I couldn't eat very much of it. The glass noodles also really sucked. They were very soft and broke very easily. They were basically mush. I only ate a few bites. My fiance tried his pho and was disappointed as well. I tried the broth and boy was it full of msg. The aftertaste was really bad. It tasted so salty. No wonder he couldn't finish it. I was just so disappointed especially because he was not feeling well and this wasn't helping. We left with very sad looks on our faces. Never again.
4	I've been to this place several times and each time was great.  It was kind of surprising to see this place get such bad reviews.  The last time I went there my bowl of Pho was nearly perfect.  Usually when I go to other places there is more noodles than beef or vice versa or the beef has lots of fat on it.  When I go here the beef and noodles are proportionate and there is no fat on the beef.  This place also seems pretty popular too.  Each time I go there at night there's always a good crowd.  They serve more than Pho at this place too and the servings are a nice size.  I ordered the BBQ Pork here a few times and it was really good.The only cons I can think of this place are sometimes they might bring you an appetizer while you are eating your main dish.  Last time I went there nobody was at the door to seat me; I had to walk to the counter to get service.  On the menus it looked like they raised the price and parts of the menu were covered in white out and they just wrote the new price over the white out instead of just printing new menus.  It's cash only but several other Asian restaurants are too so that's not a big deal to me.
3	After pigging out at the Wynn buffet for lunch we just wanted something simple and quick for dinner. We came here as it is my mom's preferred pho place in town. It was ok. Summer rolls lacked any mint, the veggie sides were only some bean sprouts, sad looking basil and a few slices of jalepeno.  But then we were in the middle of the desert not SoCal or Hawaii.  The broth was ok and overall just ok.
3	It's 5am...I've spent the night playing cards on the strip, I'm a little tipsy, and really hungry...where should I go.I've done the Steak and Egg cafe specials too many times...How about something on the way home. So my friend and I head down spring mtn looking for some food.We pass a few places that are getting ready to close and a few others that are open, but empty, then we come across Pho Little Saigon.We walk in and are greeted fairly quickly, I check out the menu, I've had Pho before, but I'm not 100% sure what all the stuff on the menu was, I settle on #38 I think, Fatty Brisket and Noodles.The food was out in no time, the broth was solid, the meat was good, and the noodles hit the spot. My only major complaints was all the extra crap in the bowl, I'm not a fan of red or greeen onions. And there was only 1 waiter so my water glass never got refilled.I will say it was good and cheap, and a nice alternative to the casino cafe or denny's at 5am. I will be going back and exploring their expansive menu.
1	*Update* After eating here I got the worst food poisioning I have ever had!!!*  The pho was decent tasting at the time, before the gut wrentching pain.  Besides the food of death they have some serious shady buisness practices.  I ordered drinks with my meal but they never came.  The waiter won't bring you a check at the end of the meal, you have to go up to the front and tell them what table you were at, and even then they don't give an itemized bill.  I wanted coffee so I asked for some to go, they did make it but bringing it out I got an eye roll that went so far back into the guys head he could have fallen down.  Thinking about what I ordered and what I recieved I know I paid for the drinks I didn't get and I think the waiter even tipped himself.  NO just NO.  Do not eat here it's not worth it!
4	Wow... reading all the reviews, I'm quite surprised.This place is open 24 Hours! It can't get any better than that if you have a very late craving for Vietnamese food.My cousin and I were out gambling in the late night and were craving for food. We were at T.I. (Treasure Island) walking around looking for a decent table to play at when we passed the "Pho" restaurant they have inside. We walked in and they were serving breakfast only, American style. All I can think about is WTF??Still craving that pho after a night of gambling, we decided to hit Spring Mountain and found this place.Best choice ever. There were a lot of people at this restaurant for being after lunch (3pm). Service was fast and attentive.I had the pho tai nam gan. The bowl was big and reasonably priced. I typically would finish a large bowl but this time, I couldn't even do it. It was on par with some of the pho I have back home but this place is up there in my book.The eggrolls were awesome! Just like how mom makes it. It was perfect. It was still nice and hot while it sat there, waiting for me to finish my pho.I tried some of my kid brother's bun thit nuong cha gio, and this was really good also. I actually came back 12hours later for this. It was worth it.I would recommend this place if you have a craving for pho!$65 for 7 people... not bad.
2	Alright so we were hella curious seeing a 24 spot AND it had a good crowd. Went in and got some mixed meat pho and some pork and eggroll rice plate. The pho was alright...there was just something missing in the broth flavoring....more sweet, but didn't have that spice and depth the perfect broth should bring forth. Toppings were good, but a bit skimpy compared to some neighboring pho shops. The rice plate has quite a bit of meat and like 3 eggrolls. It was pretty good. Not bad. Verdict- skip the soups and maybe do some broken rice if this is our eating option but just some of the reviews make me wary to come back specially since there are other options. I just read Teri C. review though and it makes me iffy....she's my homegirl Yelper so I trust her. I did not notice they reuse the veggie....okay yeah someones mouth (presumably) hasnt been on it, but for sure someones hands have picked up some sprouts and I don't know where that hand has been. You know I see people not wash their hands in bathrooms that I care to see. It happens a lot and that's not what I want on my soup. I just came from the market and bean sprouts were like 50cents for a huge bag....it's not an expensive produce. I also observed after sitting there long- the big late night crowd were club people and not sober casino workers like us. Makes a big difference.I think I pass on this place.
3	The service wasn't that great, and it was lunch/dinner. It wasn't even that busy but there were some issues that I don't really need to address in detail. As for the food, I ordered a vermicelli with pork and egg rolls. Not bad. Really filling as I'd like in a first meal of the day in vegas after a night of drunk rampaging. Several of my other friends ordered different types of pho, and all had the same review. Basically, the pho was too minty, and I could definitely smell what they were talking about. maybe we're spoiled out here in the bay area with pretty damn good pho, but they needa step their game up a little bit at this spot.
2	NOTE: I'm only reviewing this place based on what I heard and experienced. I didn't get a chance to eat here, but I do have an AWESOME story to tell...You know wassup..after the club..where do you usually hit up?! The spot that's open 24 hours or hella late. In San Diego, it's usually Denny's for me. I have many memories from there (good and bad), but mostly good. =)In Vegas...it was "Pho Little Saigon" for us! Now..I have been to establishments for pho post-clubbing and it is always PACKED full of asians. We sure love our pho! Usually, it is the go-to spot to sober up and grab some good eats, even though everything does taste good under the influence of alchy.Half drunk and feet in major pain from the shitty heels that I wore, I dashed to use the restroom while everyone was seating. Again, this place was practically empty and wow so was the restroom. Very rare for a female. Oh! Joy! I get to pick my own stall! The BIG one! I do my bizz and I noticed the cool electronic hand towel machine. Wait..no paper towels are coming out. This is automatic and sensored?! Is it broken?! Oh wait..a light on the bottom right was visible so I do a circular wave and WABAAM...paper towels pop out! Woohoo! Pretty awesome feeling when you're typsy!Next thing you know another girl (from the club I assumed) walks in slightly typsy as well and was about to get paper towels and I noticed she was having a difficult time getting the paper towels to come out.  Feeling like an "expert" by now, I showed her how to operate the machine and in amazement she was pretty impressed that I was able to figure it out and she couldn't. She kinda felt dumb. haha So..my head was kinda getting slightly big at this moment and we both were about to depart the restroom and as I was exiting I went straight out the door into the MENS RESTROOM!! Well..ALMOST! Oh man! I stopped just in the knick of time and she looks at me and we both laugh uncontrollably! I didn't feel so smart anymore and she didn't feel so dumb. =/Head over to where my group was and told my little story and all were amused or from what I recall at least. Wasn't slightly hungry since I ate prior to clubbing, which wasn't very long since I couldn't groove much to the music due to my CRAPTASTIC shoes! Ugh! Anywhoo, I noticed poor Melly Su was somewhat enjoying her soup until she accidentally spilled it on her legs..SUPER HOT..like boiling HOT! I only touched the bowl, and it was waaay toooo HOT!! No bueno. I think that may have woke/sobered her up though!What the PHO?! I know. These pho jokes are getting old, but I had to slip one in there. It's kinda like tradition. Anywhoo...No mmm's or ahhhh's from the group of friends so I thought maybe it was just A-OK. Soup is just soup sometimes. Oh ya..I also recall Melly Su telling my pal, "Chris-Chan" to eat her burnt eggroll. haha! It seriously was beyond burnt! As typsy as I was..I even knew it wouldn't taste good. Who you foolin' "Little Saigon" ??? GHETTOO!!The End.**Okay..so maybe not an AWESOME story. Maybe it would sound better under the influence??? Oh well..still worthy of a review right?! hehe
1	Took a chance on this place because Pho 87 was closed.  Bad idea.  A bowl of Pho here costs $8.  Ok this is Vegas and this place is open 24 hours.  Someone is going to have to pay for the overhead costs of keeping this place open around the clock.Service was fast to take our order and bring the menus/water.  Then things went downhill from there.I ordered #1 (egg rolls) and they were burnt on the sides.  Ok, I am so hungry, I will eat anything at this point.  One bite and ewwwww.  Why it is sour?  Other people took a bite.  Sour?Turns out the meat in the egg rolls was spoiled and they still served it!  I can't believe a place that is open 24 hours would pull this stunt.  We are not drunk!  No one in our party drinks.  We can tell what good Vietnamese food is suppose to taste like.  But if the customer can't taste it, why waste it?The Pho is mediocre at best.  Nothing to brag about.  Do yourself a favor, just keep driving, just keep driving,  Keep driving.Then they tried to use a BS excuse and claim the egg rolls was not at it's best but still edible.  Not at it's best?  IT'S FRICKEN SOUR and you CAN KILL SOMEONE!The only plus was that my bro was constipated from eating too much at the buffet.  Not anymore!  Plop, Plop, Fizz, Fizz, oh what a relief it is.You pay at the end and it's only CASH only!
5	Hi mr. waiter that smiles and goes "anything you want i'll get it for you, just ask!"Up-beat waiters that ask you where you're from, where you're staying, and wish you well on your drive back to wherever the hell you came from.I'll admit the soup base was a bit bland but heyyyy the noodles and meat made up for it. Not to mention they aren't stingy when you ask for more lime! Gimme gimme gimme!Pretty darn cheap for a place right off the strip. Best of all? Open 24hours, helloooooooo after clubbing munchies!
3	This review is based on 3 visits there, 2 lunches and 1 dinner.Overall, it was just OK but I would love to give a higher star.  Why not 3 stars? because the inconsistencies of the product.  On the first day (lunch) we order pho (good), rice dish (also good), the salted peppered squid (love it) and Vietnamese style ice coffee.  We enjoyed them all very much and even ordered the squid to go for our road trip (where there are no Asian food) to stretch our our cravings.   Based on that meal it would be a solid 4 stars.  BUT....6 days later we came back for dinner and that meal was barely a 2 star. The same exact dish looked different, tasted different, squid was tough. All of us were disappointed.  The day time chef was much better (after all this place opens 24 hr a day in Vegas).  To prove our theory, we went back the following day for lunch and again the food is good.If you are reading this, go lunch time.  Don't go dinner time.Price wise I felt it was a little on the expensive side compared to the San Francisco Bay Area (specifically San Jose and Milpitas area). But to get the similar quality food in the middle of the dessert is something I am not complaining.  Our three meals for family of 4 is around $60.
1	This place gets no star from me! I'm only putting one star b/c I had to.First of all, the place was a mess! It looked like they used one corner for as their 'junk closet.'Second, the owner's lil boy was in there riding his bicycle!! Are you kidding??? The lil boy was screaming, throwing tantrums, hitting the chairs, etc. w/ his bike and his parents just sat there watching tv. Mind you the restaurant had about 15 customers in there. Thirdly, I asked the waitress what something was in my soup and she said she didn't know. I asked her if she worked there and she said yes but never tried that soup before. I don't care if you've tried it or not - you're Vietnamese, you work there, you should know your own damn food!!Fourth, they had a long extension cord running from inside the restaurant - out the door through the parking lot - ending God knows where. Lastly, never going there again.
2	I went to their new location on Eastern and Serene. Honestly, I should have just stuck with Lemon grass cafe just up the road. But my boyfriend and I decided to try here since it was new in the area.They do not accept credit cards. Cash only. Luckily, for once, my boyfriend and I had cash on us. The establishment was very clean and new looking with two flat screen tv's on each side of the room.I ordered the rare beef and tendon minus tripe.  The waiter had to come out before serving to ask again if I wanted tripe or not. I told him no tripe. Pho comes out, the broth was very bland. The rare beef was tough. And all I got was one piece of tendon! The pho only comes in one size for $7.49, I believe. The bowl was not filling at all. They are pretty stingy with noodles and the meats.I also know this is the same establishment, because a previous reviewer mentioned a little boy riding his tricycle in the restaurant! He was riding all over the place, banging into walls and chairs. He came up to our table and was bugging us too. Don't get me wrong, I like kids, but if I'm out eating.. I like to eat in peace! I don't want kids bothering me! No one was even scolding him or even watching him.The only thing I did like, on the plate of garnishes with the basil and bean sprouts, there was another green leafy herb. Looked a little like spinach, but tasted more like mild cilantro and basil together. That alone won't convince me to return here though.
3	Good Pho, open all the time.
2	It truly breaks my heart having to write this review, but I feel obliged to write a review on this once decent restaurant. Feel free to take my review w/ a grain of salt and experience it for yourself, but don't set your bar too high..I've been coming here for PHO on Sundays after my vegas trip for the past couple of years and it was not until my trip yesterday did I notice that the quality of their PHO has gone down tremendously.I ordered the special (#21) and it was just okay. They still served your pho in a big bowl but in my bowl, but in my bowl I did not find too many pieces of meat and I thought the soup was not served hot enough... I also noticed that they've recently raised the prices on their pho. What the pho? Sigh. I was so disappointed. I guess all good things must come to an end. I need to find myself a new decent PHO restaurant in Vegas to cure my Sunday morning hangovers in Vegas.
3	The food is good, considering that this is Vegas where Vietnamese/Chinese food cannot compare to LA or OC.  They serve in one size and have relatively large portions.   Service here is hit and miss.  Sometimes, you get really good waiters and sometimes, you just get those that gives you attitude.
2	While it's not my favorite Pho place in town, it is open 24 hours, which is pretty awesome.  The Pho is okay, but nothing special.  The broth is actually rather flavorful, but the ingredients they give you to put in the pho were not as good as I'd hoped.  The basil was a little wilted, the greens weren't very aromatic, and the beef was tough.  The spring rolls were pretty standard, but definitely worth ordering, and the roasted chicken was pretty good, too.  Nothing at Pho Little Saigon was extremely impressive, but it was good enough to come back, especially if it's open 24 hours.  If you want the best Pho in town, this is not where to go.  But if you wake up in the middle of the night with a huge craving for Pho, this place will definitely more than satisfy your hunger.
4	For their Henderson location, I like not having to drive over to Spring Mountain for Vietnamese cuisine and the range of offerings on the menu is extensive.  They do a great job on vegetables and the sandwiches are terrific.  Others in the area seem to specialize in pho (noodle soup), but I enjoy those banh mi!  Enjoy
3	The pho is ok, not the best i've had but it wasn't terrible. The rice porridge is pretty good and you get a huge portion, perfect for after a long night of partying on the las vegas strip. I also really like the combination fried flat noodles, Yum! i couldn't finish it so i took the rest to go since they give such hugh portions.
3	This is really my go-to spot for Pho.  Perfect for winter because the soup is hot!  I usually come here late night when I want some soup.Food is good, service is 3 star A-OK, and its all table seating.  When they take my order, I never see them write anything on a pad, they take orders all by memory.  I bet they'll need it with a party of 20! hahaha!  The sandwiches are good too, but I have another place I go to for vietnamese sandwiches in china town.Eh, I guess its not the best, but the prices are low and the portions are big.  MY KINDA RESTAURANT!Not- So-Quick-Tip: they have boba drinks, and they have the BEST AVOCADO BOBA DRINK IN LV!
3	Not the best Pho but after a night of drinking in Vegas anything goes.They have some extra fat egg-rolls, definitely gay-friendly.Coconut juice in real coconut. A+
2	Even though pho is not on the higher end for demands in vegas, we came here to dine for breakfast during our vacation since my boyfriends parents' previous experience was good. despite that fact, what we experienced this time around was nothing compared to what it was before. The pho was edible, but not what you'd settle for if you knew how pho is really supposed to taste like. A few of us thought that the broth tasted weird, and that the meat somehow tasted fake. Personally, i thought it was mediocre, just not the high quality kind you'd expect from a vietnamese-rooted restaurant. At the end of our meal, the check came out to be 102, with only 8 of us all ordering pho, which does not add up. I guess somewhere along the way, the math got messed up, or they tried to gyp us due to our large party. either way, go elsewhere for pho if you're considering this place. if not, then save your cravings for when youre back home!
1	The prices are crazy expensive. 9 dollars for a bowl of pho is not the business. Usually they run about 6 dollars. My pho was disgusting and cold. Their meat tasted fake and seemed old. My boyfriend ordered a large pho dac biet with meatballs and he only got half of one meatball. We paid for extra meatballs and he didn't even got one full meatball. That's cheap and pissed me off. Will never eat here again. Even the waiter was so rude. Not worth the money or time trying it.DO NOT GO HERE!!!
1	too expensive... food is gross.... no thanks.
1	BARFFFF!!! I had to update this review and bump it down to 1 star! If I could give 0 I would! This is in regards to the Henderson location: BF and I decided to give this place another try since Lemongrass had been screwing up our orders the last couple times... boy did I regret giving this place another chance!First off, the waitress couldn't speak an ounce of english nor understand it. I think it took about 5 mins going back and forth when I just wanted to order a rare steak and tendon (they didn't have it on the menu). My boyfriend finally says she wants a #whatever without the tripe... I wish he didn't even say that because.. there was tripe in my soup.  I didn't want to bother telling the waitress so I just grinned and beared it.The summer rolls came out fast but they were so loosley rolled everything was falling out. They brought out the plate of bean sprouts and basil.. there was only one sprig of basil! HOW CHEAP!! No spinach like leaf that I liked the last time I came here. The pho came out and the noodles were soooo chewy and stuck together that I was getting frustrated when eating it! Worse pho noodles ever. The broth wasn't bad but nothing special about it either.Service is awful. I was surprised they came around to fill my water. The workers talk so loud in the same area without any regard to the customers. Worse pho experience ever. Will not come back ever again.
4	Wow, this place has some low reviews.  Even people who like this place give it low reviews!  I am going to go against the flow here and give it a 4 star review.  Now, I'm no Pho expert, but I enjoy the Pho here every time I get it (3 times now).  I usually order number 21, which is the combination house Pho (I believe).  I usually go with my friend that speaks Vietnamese, and he orders all of the goodies to go in our Pho (leaves, sprouts, fatty oil (good for the arteries), vinegar onions, hot sauce and the sweet sauce.  The combination makes a very yummy broth.  And if there is one thing I've learned about my own tastes with soup, it is all about the broth.  I've only had Pho at one other place, and the broth here is a lot more flavorful.  As for the freshness of the food, I wouldn't say that it was the freshest, but it definitely wasn't spoiled.  The meat was tender enough for me to eat with my sore teeth (just got braces), which I was happy about.  The Vietnamese coffee is awesome.  The cash only system is very annoying.  The service is also shotty sometimes.  We had to ask twice for our fatty oil, and he brought regular onions instead of vinegar onions. Still, I always enjoy the Pho here.
4	First 24 Hr Pho joint I ever encountered! Serving 40 different types of Pho (yes 40!) and has quick service as well.Great for those after the club meals (forget Gryros) or early morning hangovers!
3	Good option for those who don't feel like eating on the strip. This is actually the only Vietnamese restaurant I've tried in Chinatown and its satisfactory. The food is extremely fast which is a good thing, but the food isn't the best I've had. It's still pretty good, but I'm definitely down to try another Vietnamese restaurant next time. However, it is way better than paying $14 for eggs and bacon in your hotel.
2	I came here with my family and friends of about 11 people. We were ALL craving pho and went here. Considering there were 2-3 other pho places within walking vicinity of this joint... I wished we tried those places instead haha. #1: EXPENSIVE - I live perhaps 20 minutes from Little Saigon and this pho place actually charges ~$7.99 for a bowl of pho? Are you kidding me? I was expecting it to be a mind-blowing experience when I sipped the broth... but nope! I've had better. The price and the bowl of pho was a bit of a letdown.#2: SLOW SERVICE - Ok, it was pretty busy in here but they took forever to even acknowledge our presence from the time we started ordering to when we finished eating.#3: CRAMPED SPACE - I felt so squished. How many people do they wanna jam into location? My chair was touching another chair in back of me and a little toddler kept trying to play (or grab) my hair. Hmph. Cute kid but c'mon... Sigh.
1	I was starving and didn't know better, like check yelp reviews first.  And so I blindly dove head first into this place.   It was freezing outside, so I ordered the chicken porridge with fried chinese donuts and a soy milk.  It tasted fine while I ate it and I was feeling fine after I finished.   About an hour later after I got back to my hotel room, all hell broke loose in my bowel system and I was in the shitter for quite some time.  It reminded me of the scene from the movie "Van Wilder" where the dude had to just take a dump right there and then.  We're talking montezuma revenge of some sort and possibly a colon cleansing experience.  My eyes rolled back and I just dropped huge bombs into that poor porcelain stall. Needless to say, it must've been the food that I ate from here!  I would not eat here right before you go skydiving if you get my drift?!
1	FOOD POISONING ALERT!We were in Vegas for my husband's conference and some vacation as well. We were there for a week (Monday-Monday). On Friday, we were so tired of the buffets here and there in different hotels so we opted for a Vietnamese food.Our GPS brought us to this place and since we were all starving we just went in and ordered.The whole dinner was ok. Food ok. Service ok. We ordered Pho for me,  husband and a friend and fried rice for our 2 kids. My son ate a lot of the fried rice and my hisband ate some. My daughter had about 2 teaspoonfuls.But lo and behold, when we were driving back to our hotel (after about 3hrs of exploring the strip after dinner) our son started throwing up. He would alternate vomiting and loose bowel movement the whole weekend. he wouldn't take any food or liquids for that matter thus he started becoming dehydrated. My husband started having diarrhea very early saturday. He wasn't able to attend his conference that weekend. My daughter also started having diarrhea saturday morning. I was worried of my son because he was the most affected of all. I was so close to bringing him to the ER. But husband and our friend are both doctors so we managed their illness. We immediately concluded that it was the fried rice that caused all these. So sunday afternoon, I called the restaurant to let them know what happened and how they spoil our vacation (our weekend on our trip). I was waiting for the one I spoke with (she said she was the manager) to apologize and sympathize with what we went through the whole weekend. But instead she was so defensive and told me that no one ever complains (indirectly saying that Im making up stories?!). I told her that I jsut dont want it to happen to someone else's family and that they should stop re-heating fried rice (most probably that's what happened) but the lady who can't even speak straight english hung up on me.That got me irrated so I reported them to BBB.I feel so mad whenever i would think about that weekend! The worst ever plus the fact that I was so scared of my poor little boy. And they don't even care...Wish I can put a negative rating.
2	Not very good. Just what ever!!! I dont think I will ever go back when I am in Vegas...!!!
4	Didn't think Pho L.S. was bad at all. We went when it wasn't too busy and they had enough staff. CASH ONLY please.Clean restaurant, no problems with the crowds and parking at around 4pm on a Sunday afternoon.Good fried egg rolls and Pho Tam Nam Bo Vien (pho with the beef and beef balls). Friendly staff, good boba. Big bowls for about $7.50-$8.00. Perfect for when you're done with all that buffet and Vegas strip food. Open 24 hours..
3	This review will be from when I went in late December of 2010. I came here with my family and friends. They seemed really busy when we came in, and we were seated all the way in the back corner. The seating arrangements are weird. We had to squeeze into our seats, and the other side of the table had people sitting behind them. Anyway, pho is just OKAY. It's pricey for what it taste like. I remember it cost 50 cents for tea/person. Wow..I thought that was crazy. I'll just stick with an iced cold water. The experience wasn't spectacular. I'll just keep looking for my perfect pho spot at Vegas until I'm satisfied :)
1	WATCH OUT Your receipt!They charge 15% tips automatically from your paying total amount, ask for the print out receipt, is this some kind of a scam?if you didn't find out, then you pay another extra tips.
1	Horrible food, awful pain in my stomach the next day. Did not like the freshness of the food or how it was prepared. Service is not bad and they have cheap drinks compared to other places but the food is kinda fail. The pho isn't horrible but there are so many better places in the area
1	Service: the service sucks!!! I tried to call to see what type of seafood the seafood Pho came with and I couldn't understand the man heavy accent, that he told me to drive down and read the menu! I live far!!It was the only 24hr Pho Resturant. So I drove down there with my Sister and her bf. When we got there they seriously RUSHED us to eat our soup and get out. I will never come back here again!Food: the food was ok.  the seafood Pho comes with imitation crabs, octopus, fish ball and shrimp. The shrimp wasn't peeled! The veggies weren't so fresh!
2	Pho is $2+ more expensive than OC. C- for service even though the food came out in a decent amount of time. My pho ga was bland 2/5. Hey at least I didn't get any food poisoning...knock on wood.
2	You really can't beat 24 hour pho... if you're drunk and don't mind a drive off the strip, definitely go here. All food is good when you're drunk.For us, we weren't drunk and we were searching for a pho place to eat at during the day. Our taste buds were extremely alert and ready for stimulation. I was left a bit unsatisfied, mainly because of the service.Pho LIttle Saigon is a large pho restaurant nestled in Vietnamese town. We all had pho in our group and only one person wasn't happy with how the pho was. The pho, in my opinion, had enough flavor for it to be a little above average. What I wasn't happy about was the service. They just weren't very accommodating, nor friendly. No greeting, no smile, no warm fuzzy feeling inside. To add insult to injury, the server spilled water all over my friend and ALMOST his iphone. Forget my friend... save the iPhone! I understand servers don't run around intentionally spilling water on customers (I THINK), but he didn't even apologize.Whatever.The pho was okay and it was priced a little higher than what I'm used to paying out in the Bay Area, but hey, we're on vacation. We're meant to get ripped off.
3	I love this place. We went here one of our recent Vegas runs and late nighters, and as always, it was good. I got the usual #11 which is with the rare steak. The broth is alway tasty and melts in your mouth. As far as speed of service, well, they try their best, sometimes you have to throw something at them and they eventually come over.
1	BEWARE of FRUAD when they bill. I have eaten there 3 times, first 2 times after a night of extensive drinking were horrible. So I chalked up out terrible service, messed up orders and a attempted shady double billing on us being drunk or communication issues being like 3am. But last weekend we can in sober on a Sunday afternoon and of course not a surprise that it was terrible, service and shady billing. All three times the our orders never came correct and one was ordered by the # on the menu. Service is absolutely horrible even if you speak Vietnamese. The nouc bo is decent that is a shame as I am a pho snob. But the worst part is again they tried to over bill be by 58.00. I asked for the bill and they only told me the total 139.00 for 6 people I asked for the receipt and they reluctantly gave it to me. I asked about the 58.00 add line for extra meat. They called the waiter and he tried to fix it said the bill was 67.00 so I said ok them the other guys said no 71. They also added 15% gratuity on 6 person party... ok sure but they also pointed at the tip line when I paid by card and I said please you already billed me 15% and you do not deserve that tip at all.     Will not ever go there again =(
4	The service is bad and it only takes CASH for Las Vegas .. shitty but the food was a-OK.  For a 24-Hr restaurant, I really expected the place served up lousy food yet it didn't.  The pho was actually decent and good.  We also tried the chao long, fried noodle, banh hoi and all .. all beyond expectation.  I'll drop by again when I am in Vegas next time.
4	Pho tai gan.  the soup broth was yummy. rmeinds me of my mama's soup broth. that's saying a lot! Soda chanh - this was flat. meh.Hieu tieu - the friends that got this LOVED This They have family style meals too "Com ga din" they'll serve you 2 types of veggies and a few other dishes. the Ca kho to (catfish in a claypot) was pretty good.
3	Wow, 2.5 average stars from 94 reviews?  I didn't think they were that bad.  Pretty decent actually.  My friends and I came here at 3:15am since Pho Kim Long down the street had people waiting outside. None of my friends (6) had any complaints about the food or service.  Come here if you don't want to wait to be seated.
3	my wife and i went on a saturday afternoon . the place was busy,( always a good sign). The pho I got was good and flavorful But i think that the sandwitches are are the best! yum! Im there for the sandwitches
2	OK restaurant, for a nice vietnamese breakfast, the food and soup was ok.The servicewas ok.Overall, somewhat cheap, but good not excellent...
1	What the heck is an "appertizer"?  (see their menu)Anywho, since there wasn't anything good I found about this restaurant, let's get to the bad.  I guess saying "NO TRIPE PLEASE" twice cancels out the first time you said it because when I got my pho, there was tripe in it.  Also, the fact that the waiters and staff practically glare at you the whole time you're eating your meal gives you some weird feeling like you shouldn't even be in there in the first place.  Or maybe that weird feeling was just the bland food telling me that I chose the wrong pho spot?  Either way, you can best believe I ain't ever showing up here again.Besides all of that horribadness, they overcharged us by a few bucks!  Scoundrels!
1	If only no-star rating existed... :-/. despite the reviews, I was optimistic and STARVING post-work in the middle of the night. We walked in and saw one other couple eating, and no one was there to greet or seat us. Finally a worker came out and still he didn't greet or welcome us in a friendly manner... but usually very authentic Asian restaurants can be that way, so that wasn't a huge deal.After being seated, our waiter stood in front of us watching television... Didn't take our drink order until I asked if they had coconut juice. He said yes and my bf ordered a coke. I was astonished when they brought out a coconut with the wrapping still on it and some kind of sauce smeared on the exterior, and it was only half full... it creeped me out so I didn't drink it, plus they brought out a can of coke, no cup with ice.I was still hopeful that the food would make up for the odd service... so I ordered the Vietnamese udon with pork and shrimp and my bf ordered the fish porridge. I was overwhelmed with disappointment when they brought over my bowl and I smelled a very unappetizing scent .. I have a very keen sense of taste and smell and something was clearly wrong with the dish.. Whether the pork was going bad or the shrimp.. I couldn't figure it out. I tried squeezing some lime into it and adding hot sauce but that scent wouldn't leave the dish no matter what I did. My bf's dish was too sweet for porridge and the fish was undercooked, plus... It seemed as though the fish wasn't fresh. I took a bite and had to spit it out :(I think it's time for this restaurant to do some serious evaluating .. service-0, food-1, pricing-2... for its own survival. Worst part was that no one even checked on us the entire time so they couldn't even tell if we were having a good or miserable experience. They gestured for us to pay at cashier without even coming to the table or looking at us directly.. Rude! Needless to say, we went up, paid the $24, left a tip, and decided never to go there again..
3	Here's the deal this place is not that bad...but compared to pho kim long down the street it is...food is not that bad got a big selection... i still like the place down the street better
2	This place can be alright if you stick with selected dishes. Rice dishes are safe. I think I got the pork chops and egg op la. Its not on the menu.I did not try the pho, but stay away. Hu tieu dishes, stay away.I ordered the hu tieu special and I can see how they made the broth from my soup. Some bones, yeah thats okay. I think cow tongue? i guess its acceptable but no.
4	I don't know what everyone is talking about. The service was great, they came by to check on us a lot, maybe they are improving from all the negative feedback in service? Pho Dac Biet was very satisfying and authentic, broth was excellent. Fresh coconut (actual fruit) was perfect and eating the fruit with a spoon was easy since they brought us young coconuts and not old ones. My group all paid separate and we believe we were all ripped off a bit. Didn't make sense that my pho + coconut drink came out to be $13...but didn't notice til after I paid and thought about it. The rest of the group felt they might have been jipped a few dollars too. Make sure to be conscious of what you are paying because they don't provide a receipt when you pay at the cashier.
2	Pho Little Saigon has a wide selections of food and they even post the picture up so you can see them! I ordered a Pho Dac Biet and it costed about 10$ which is expensive for a bowl of pho, which usually ranges from 5-6 dollars, and to me 7-8 dollars already seems expensive. For four egg rolls here it cost $5.99, and they were delicious but not worth the price. I'd say I've had better egg rolls at other areas nearby the Sacramento area. My pho was alright, it wasn't hecka good but it wasn't nasty. Their customer service is pretty good, the man that owns the shop I believe was nice and likes to make jokes. :)
3	The pho here is okay.  They give huge portion sizes, but the flavor is a little off.  I thought I tasted chicken broth last time instead of beef broth.  My coworker is a vegetarian so we come here sometimes.  I like their taro boba.  Their menu is posted on the wall with pictures, which makes it easy for me since I'm not Asian.  I took my Thai girlfriend here once.  She was not impressed either.
1	I was forced to give a star rating . So I gave it one .Pho Little Saigon has the worst customer service ever !  We sat there for literally an hour waiting for someone to take our order. We even raised our hands but the workers looked right passed us. Than until after a while we finally got someone to take our order & than they took forever to give us our food ! & the food tasted like crap . It was cold and stail by the time it got to us . I get they were busy, but come on ! Learn how to work at a fast pace ! You're damn a restaurant ! Get your shit together ! & not only did they have bad service and food, the table smelt like feet ! NEVER AGAIN am I eating there . That was my first & last time .
1	Cost: I was in a party of eleven and we weren't allowed to split the check and I'm not sure if it was because we were a large group or if they charge a 15% gratuity on everyone, so check the prices carefully when you're paying! Customer Service: Our waiter was really rude; he ignored my cousin's request for onions on the side and said to him, "No onions for you!" We were really shocked at how he said it to him. Then, I proceeded to try and order and he told me to "shh" and "hold on." I was so annoyed by that, I almost didn't order anything. But I had to cave in because I was hungry. The food: It was okay. I had rice, pork, and egg rolls. It was pretty oily though, that's my only complaint. But then again, food is always good when you're super hungry.
1	I wasn't too hungry so I ordered egg rolls. It had a weird taste to it. I had a taste of my friend's pho. It was nothing special. There was a total lack of service. There were only a couple other tables at the time. Nobody ever really checked on our table after we got our food. And it was hard to anyone's attention when we needed something.I've been to pho restaurants with not the best service, but not as bad as here. And at least the food was good.I will never eat here again.
4	One of the Vegas spots to hit up after a night of heavy drinking. I ordered the pho combo and a sandwich. Everything was good.
5	We have tried to order different foods at work since we order out everyday and the company pays for lunch we are pretty free to try different things so it was one of the guys brthday's and he wanted Vietnamese food so Little Saigon it was. I had previously never been to any Vietnamese food places in Las Vegas but had frequented a place called BoBo's in Sacramento because they had killer BBQ Pork over rice noodles and spring rolls. Guess what was on the menu..... Yep, you guessed it, BBQ Pork. So after ordering the food we waited for it to arrive and sure enough it was fresh and as if we ordered it in the restaraunt; How you ask , well thats simple, someone in this world finally decided that by packaging everything seperate in seperate containers and just letting the person put it together themselves the food is that much more fresh. 2 thumbs up for that idea. All of the food was spot on and tasted great, from the BBQ Pork to the Pho. There was nothing on our table that afternoon that was not up to standards.
2	Ok this review is long over due...god damn msg loving mother suckers..geez this establishment is lucky to have customers cause they are so close to the strip and they are open 24 hrs. I just want some Pho after a night out to sober me up but knew the consequences..I try hard not to come here but friends are hungry and want Pho as well..all I could say is you will wake up to a headache and desert throat like well after 8 hrs of sleep and several hours more after waking...I swear every Pho place in Vegas just loves to add soo much MSG sheesh!!!  Whoever opens a Pho place in Vegas that doesn't have msg will make a killing, and yes that can be done. O and service bites.
4	I have to admit I'm puzzled by the negative reviews, and glad I didn't know about them. I find the other 24 hour Pho down the street to have poor service and bland food. Perhaps people are confused? This is not the 24 hour Pho in the shopping center, but on the corner across from the center.Regardless, I'm in Vegas some 50 days a year, and love exploring the off strip restaurants. I had lemongrass tofu, my friend had pho, we shared salad rolls. We loved our food, chuckled at the slightly aloof service at 4:00am, and my friend still makes random comments to me about how incredibly good it was. In his words, spiced and flavored in a way that exploded his taste buds.I'll be back, and maybe Briget P. is correct -- maybe they've improved.Or maybe it's a case of mistaken identity.Or maybe I got lucky..... "Croupier: $50 on 00!!"
4	I am addicted to number 45 (pork chop with rice) Good portions that taste good every visit. Cordial but could be friendlier staff (somewhat cold although respectful) UPDATE: A better word than cold would have been cool, but truth is strictly business attitudes. It's all good.
5	There is little doubt that this is the best Pho restaurant in Las Vegas. I think the reason why there are a lot of bad reviews here on yelp is because  a lot of Pho restaurants on Spring Mountain  have the word "SAIGON" in their title. There is "Pho old SAIGON", "Pho SAIGON 8", " Pho SAIGON" "Pho Huong SAIGON" "Pho Vietnam SAIGON", and even another "Pho Little Saigon" that is an unrelated restaurant. .  I think most the people are confusing this place for another restaurant because there is no way you could dislike the food from here. Everyone who follows my weird and profanity filled reviews knows that my favorite food in the world is Miso Ramen.  The Pho at PHO LITTLE SAIGON is the only Pho in the world which I would eat over Ramen on occasion.  Obviously, I would still rather go to a place like "Anime Ramen" where everyone knows your name after only your 1st visit, and your bowl of noodles practically comes with a show + entertainment....but  sometimes I'm just in the mood for cilantro and a clear soup.I recommend everyone to try the Rare Steak Pho.  They use a very high quality cut of steak. I think it might be petite sirloin because it was extremely soft tender and just melted in your mouth. It almost had the texture of Filet Mignon. What I really liked was how the steak  was blood red. They don't even cook it, they just poor the hot soup over the meat and serve immediately. The broth is crystal clear and clean. It looks like the water off the coast of Hawaii because you could see clear down to the bottom.  The top of the broth is full of natural oils. These oils are common in soups where you had to boil bones for over 20 hours. They are purely natural and are a great visual indication of the high quality.They use Red Onions instead of generic onions! Red onions make the Pho taste so much better than the regular brown onions. They are definitely not cheap here. You get over 1/2 a pound of free bean sprouts and basil. You ask for extra limes and they literally hand you the whole lime(and it's a giant lime).  Most places like "Pho So 1" and "Pho Kim Long" give you half of even a half of a lime wedge.  If you ask for extra onions, they literally slice the whole onion and give you the whole thing. The service was very quick and fast. I think it's worth mentioning that they are Cash Only. So don't blow all your cash at the casino..save some of it and bring it here. It is also worth mentioning that they are open 24 hours/ 7 days a week. From now on, this is the only Pho restaurant I would ever go to in Las Vegas. Not only is the food great, but you don't have to sit next to the typical drunk-degenerate-immature Vegas Club Douche like at  "Pho Kim Long". And you don't have to be ignored and treated like crap like at "Pho So 1". PHO LITTLE SAIGON also better fits my lifestyle. It's open 24 hours, it's atmosphere is more quite and relaxing, and the service is alright by me!
4	I'm new to the pho scene but I've been to China Town before and like the energy and vibe there.  I visited this restaurant with a friend for a late lunch today (Saturday) when the place was almost empty.  This restaurant has a casual vibe and is open 24 hours a day. I actually liked the decor- it has a natural look, with wood chairs and large wooden blinds in a cafeteria-like open space. I liked the fresh and clean look  - no old, dirty worn out rugs and dusty plastic plants like some restaurants have.  The servers were relaxed and friendly, and brought the food promptly.Speed and convenience seem to be the words for this place. I liked the stacks of spoons and small bowls and the container of chopsticks on each table- no need to ask for anything. They bring a stack of paper napkins and you're pretty much good to go.  There are at least 5 different sauces available at the table, from sweet hoisin to killer-hot sriracha. Before my seafood pho arrived, the server placed on the table a large plate of bean sprouts topped with branches of thai basil leaves- I thought it looked pretty cool.  The pho bowl was HUGE- impossible to eat in one sitting!  I enjoyed it, (gotta say, those squid pieces I could have done without- but that's a personal problem).  We pulled leaves off the branches to put into the pho and happily slurped as much pho as we could eat before a personable server offered to pack up the rest for us to take home.  He agreed that the huge bowls of pho were too much for one sitting, but a great deal budget- wise. I paid $11 for an appetizer and the pho and have enough pho for one or two more meals. I should warn, however, that the noodles get soft and mushy in a few hours. Maybe you should take them out of the broth  if you aren't going to eat your leftovers for a few hours. Just an idea.So, not a fancy place, but very inviting with decent food. I'd come back and I'd bring friends.
3	The convenience of having pho at anytime is appealing. The serving size is large, but the quality of meat is not the best. The beef was on the tough side and I got a quarter of a meatball. When I saw my plate of veggies, I thought the beansprouts looked lackluster and the mint was not vibrant. After reading some reviews, I can see why.The server was to the point. I ordered, he refilled my water, and he cashed me out. There was nothing more, but it was good enough for me. When I want some noodles after an early morning workout, it will do. If waiting is an option, then there are other places.
5	Absolutely outstanding in every respect. I agree with R.P. that perhaps the few negative reviews are confused with which place they are reviewing, as there is nothing to complain about here. The portions are more than ample, quality is superb, and the service is impeccable. It is nice to have more room than you need as opposed to a wait and crowded conditions. Do yourself a favor and give Pho Little Saigon a chance - you will be glad you did.
2	This used to be my  bad relationship. For many years, I came to this place. My sister and I had a favorite Pho spot that had closed down and so on our mission to find a new Pho spot we settled at this place. I was a weekly regular, that is how much I used to love this place. In the beginning this place was kind to me. It knew exactly what I wanted and always exceeded my expectations. If I was having a bad day, I could come in and be greeted by the servers who were always so welcoming to me and would serve me up a big bowl of delishness.You know how you hit that 7 year itch in a relationship? I guess that is what you say happened to me. The service went down. The quality of the food went down. They had a couple of bad health inspections and to me, it just never was the same.So I slowly stopped going. However, just like that bad relationship that you keep coming back to, "because just maybe it'll change and go back to how it used to be", I kept going back. And some days, I would be like "Yes!" this is why I love this place. Yet, more often than not it was like slow torture. The broth would get worse and worse, the meat would be tough and chewy. The last of the last was when I went and it tasted like there was soy sauce in my bowl of Pho. Definitely not okay. Just more often than not, it would be bland and flavorless. How fun is that?I should give this place a 3 star based on the fact that I was a die hard fanatic for years but considering that I have visited this place in the last couple of months and it's still poor quality, I just can't. I remember when I first signed up with yelp and saw all the poor reviews, I didn't get it. I had thought to myself these people do not know what they are talking about. Kinda like, when you have that bad relationship and everyone else keeps telling you need to leave but you just can't, not until you are ready. Well, that chapter is closed and this relationship is no more. Onto better Pho!(I orginally put this review under the wrong location. MY BAD! It has now been corrected to the rightful owner.)
4	On a saturday evening, we ordered the egg roll, beef brisket and steak pho, and hong kong style chow mein (hard noodle) for 26.- eating all over the ACTUAL LITTLE SAIGON in westminster, i must say that the food here is quite good. - vegas chinatown is so americanized that these reviews are compared to expectation of "service with a smile". For those ever go to little saigon in oc, theyd probably hate it there. - to be honest the pricing is a bit steeper than in westminster, but portions are large.- 4 big eggrolls. comes with lots of vegetables :)- large bowl is pretty average size. the plus is that it comes with a lot of beef. i'm a big eater and i could even finish it. - the hard noodle didnt come with much noodle but it did have a lot of vegetables. i liked the amount of meat and seafood given.
2	We ordered 2 smoothies on a tuesday night: watermelon and avocado for 6.50- watermelon tastes like a STRAWBERRY LAFFY TAFFY! fail. not fresh. GROSS! AVOID!!! uses powder! - fresh avocado :). good but a bit bland. - smoothie in a styrofoam cup fail. - just stick with the food.
3	We were seated quickly and relatively attended to, but they forgot about my order and then gave me the wrong kind of noodles once they gave it to me. Price was okay, and quality was just okay as well.
4	1 star = for their HUGE selection.  They have an extensive menu that extends to their walls; over 100 different menu items to choose from!2 stars = wait staff is super cool; they remember who you are!  3 stars = when you request for special additions or changes to your food, they are accomodating.  I like to get their pork & grilled shrimp vermicelli bowl with less noodle/extra veggies, and no bean sprouts!  Result = low carb!4 stars = Their soup broth here is one of the good ones in Las Vegas; good pho soup broth is a super rare find here so beware!  But it's good here!  Yaye!They also serve boba drinks which is always a plus to a high sodium content restaurant!  I need my sweets!
3	Since coming to Vegas for vacation, I have tried a variety of different food of different backgrounds. So it's not surprising for me to crave the cuisine I grew up with.We came in around 1:00am and they are open 24 hours. I ordered the pho tai here and I have to say their bowls are pretty big, for sure it's enough to fill you up. As for the pho itself, It was adequate, the broth had a significantly greater amount of MSG compared to other pho places. But the service here was good, we were able to have a good conversation with our server and the other servers greeted us welcomely, joking around with us as well. The sinh to taro here was okay too, although you can tell it was made by using powder (which our server told us about in advance) Overall: Good service, adequate pho
4	This is the first pho place I tried in vegas, and up until this past weekend, I thought of it kind of as that trusty down jacket that you wear in the winters - it keeps you warm and serves its purpose, but you don't exactly feel sexy in it.After this weekend, however, that all changed.In a nutshell, I had the most delicious freakin' broth of my LIFE.  It was SO GOOD, and I've had plently of good pho places, being from la, and having gone to school in norcal.  The broth was just incredible - we were still raving about it hours after the meal.  Here are a few other things I like about this place (other than the awesome pho soup of course):1. Their summer rolls are just the right amount of chewiness, and have a spring of mint, which gives them a nice freshness.2. They have a huge menu (including some more traditional chinese items), and many of the items have corresponding pictures, which helps when you're trying to decide what to order.3. They have a pho soup that's just rare steak and tripe, which is my favorite combo.4.  There's never a wait and they always refill your water without your having to ask.Here are a few not so great things:1.  The food is a bit inconsistent - as I said, we've been here a few times, and while it was never BAD, it was not really always so GOOD.  So it's a bit of a gamble walking into this place.2.  It's cash only.Overall, I'd say that this place is pretty darn decent, and occasionally mind blowingly freakin' awesome.
5	Good service, great food and I will always return for the best Vietnamese coffee ever!
5	First of all, 24-hour pho. Oh, you need more reasons to give it five stars? Heathen. 24-hour REALLY REALLY GOOD pho. Happy? I could take or leave their banh mis, 'cuz they use too much mayonnaise, but their pho... HELLZ to the YES. My wife loves their bun. Bunh? Boon? I don't know how to spell it. All I know is that she has to keep her chopsticks in one hand, and a fork held defensively between me and it so I don't steal her food. GOOD STUFF. Go there.
1	I definite DON'T recommend this place. My brother rather eat instant noodle than their pho. We ordered 2 pho and 2 types of rice plate with chicken: 1. The waiters were extremely rude.2. The chicken of 1 plate was fried on the surface but frozen on the inside :O 3. The chicken of the 2nd plate was still raw with red flowing out4. The forgot 2 of our drink orders5. Wrong order of both pho bowls6. Beef in pho was not fresh, not the least bit tender 7. Unsanitary - dirty utensils 8. Charged 15% tips onto the check without telling you or showing you the receipt (we realized we doubled tip the two times we went before)
3	Being in Vegas requires that their be food open late/early! After leaving the Sams Casino and watching The Hobbit, it was around 12:00 AM when I asked my bf for pho! I was excited that this place was open 24hr! The pho was really good for it being a 24 hr joint and at good prices. I love pho because it's a comfort food, especially that I was sick. Being sick + pho = no congestion!The only complaint I have was that my bf and I were wondering if they only accepted cash because they has a cash only sign though they do accept credit/debit.The service was really friendly and fast, perhaps because we were in by 12:30 AM :D.
2	Bun thit nuong i order was stale When i told them about it They brought out a side order of fresh vermicille right awayI m like you guy probably try to give me the old vermicelle one first,kind of pricey ,guess cause it s in VegasPho was good portion size was kinda small ,i can eat 2 bowl to fill me up
1	Pho noodles here are soggy.  I'm guessing that the cook isn't washing the noodles with cold water after they are boiled.  Also the spring rolls were not so great either.
3	Just what we needed before a long drive back to California on a Sunday afternoon.+ easy to find location with decent parking+ large restaurant, plenty of seating, clean bathroom+ good and fast service+ extensive menu+/- pho tasted fine, nothing special+/- egg rolls are gigantic as were the vegetables accompanying it- no spring rolls today, what the pho?!- i think the thai iced tea did not agree with my stomach- kind of pricey
4	hangover food.good.
3	Pho little is very good, but we always have to ask the receipt before u pay. Last time i went there with 5 people for lunch. I asked for the receipt then she said $83. I said i need to see the receipt n finally the receipt was $53 only. This was a suck cheating on custumers.
2	We came here after discovering Pho Kim Long had a 1.5 hr wait. We really didn't care where we ate, as long as we got some pho before heading home back to LA. This restaurant is really the epitome of: sit, order, eat, pay, leave. I had to hold my menu up and repeatedly ask for service before someone came to take our order. And even then they were in some sort of rush that they got two of our orders wrong. After that I didn't even bother to ask for anything else. The bill is paid at the front 'cause apparently nobody there got time to help you out. The food is your typical pho place food. Nothing spectacular and nothing horrible either.
4	I only eat Pho here with a Cafe to wash it down. Quick, clean and cures hangovers, colds and allergies. This is my goto spot on the Ho-Chin-Min Trail "Mountain Spring Rd"
2	The worst customer service ever. After seating ourselves and waiting 15 mins and waving at them 4 times to be noticed. They still kept us waiting. I usually wouldn't mind the wait but not when I am starving. Never again. So we decided to go to krung Siam instead (next door). Better environment and the girls are very pleasant. Would not recommend pho little Saigon. Shitty service.
2	I would've given this place four stars since I love their pho so much & the price for it, BUUUUUUT..... Their service SUCKS! There are so many things to say about the bad service here.1. Although there is no wait time to be seated, there is a wait time that takes freakin' forever just for them to order your food. We were there for 20 minutes before they ordered our food. And it's not just this time, but EVERY SINGLE TIME WE VISIT.. 2. RUDE. RUDE. RUDE. RUDE. RUDE SERVERS. I cannot stress that enough. We asked for forks because my mother doesn't know how to use chopsticks and the server gave us this really disgusted face. Um, what is your problem mister server sir?! -_______- IF YOU DON'T LIKE SERVING PEOPLE, GET ANOTHER JOB. SIMPLE AS THAT.3. SLOW REFILLS. Dude, they gave us one glass of water and NEVER refilled our drinks ever again.. Our server was no where to be seen. It's like he dumped our food and took a freaking five hour break! Seriously?!?!?!?!?! Ugh..I would come back to this place, but I'd probably order take out instead. Wouldn't want to stay and dine here if their servers are going to be complete a-holes to their PAYING CUSTOMERS.
4	The bun was good and the portions large. Went with Number 92. Beautiful traditional music and interesting Buddhist icons give it a touch of the exotic.  Service a bit slow and waiters never smiled, but acceptable.  Lots of other options in the area - would try something else next time.
1	The food is so bad that roaches won't dine here!   I would rather eat a big steaming pile o'shitake .   The service is atrocious.   Please,  I beg you not to waste your time or money here.
1	Slightly inebriated after a night of drinking, discovered this place on my way home. 24hrs, so we dropped in. Pretty lousy service and even worse food. I didn't expect much, and I enjoy Vietnamese food...but it was so bad that I felt the need to sign in and post my first review. Ever. No matter how late it is or how hungry you are...do what you would do if it didn't exist. Learn from my mistake.
4	great for late nights and recoveries
4	After every Vegas trip, I need a bowl of pho. This time, I didn't feel like waiting to get to Cali, so I gave this place a try.I ordered Pho Tai and Thai tea. The service was fast, and friendly. I got served in under 10 minutes. My bowl of pho was huge, and they kindly packed it to go for me since I couldn't finish it. My entire order was yummy and satisfying-perfect hangover meal!This is definitely my go-to pho restaurant in Vegas.
1	Mediocre food and rude customer service!I was first attracted to this place because of recommendations from two Hawaii references. When my friends and I walked in and were seated, I was impressed with the extensive menu. So far so good. But when my order arrived, they brought me rice with my beef stew instead of the bread I had ordered. I informed the waiter (who acted like he was the boss) that I had ordered bread instead of rice. He grabbed a menu and rudely pointed out to me that the beef stew comes with rice OR bread and I needed to tell him which I wanted when I ordered. I sharply replied that I indeed had ordered bread. (My dining partner said he heard my order of bread instead of rice, so I wasn't delirious). The rude waiter snatched the plate of rice and brusquely said I would have to wait for the bread.About 15 minutes later, another waiter finally brought "my" bread when I was almost done with the stew. Two of my other dining mates said they saw the waiter grab the bread from another table to give to me. Naturally, I refused to eat "my" bread since it previously had been on someone else's table. I'm not sure about Las Vegas health department requirements, but it seems to me that restaurants shouldn't be re-serving food that had already been given to others.The stew broth was so-so in flavor, and the beef was sinewy and tough. I've had way better in Honolulu. Of course, I can't comment on the quality of the bread.I won't return to this place. I can understand waiters making a mistake on orders. However, in this case, the rude waiter's manner in dealing with the problem - blaming me, the customer - was completely unacceptable and downright RUDE AND OBNOXIOUS. I would give this place a half star at best.
3	Mediocre.Only would go here hungover and in Vegas.
1	so bad ! bad service and nasty food.. sorry I have to give 1 star ..never had such a bad experience!Server was rude when we ask no ice he gave us this bad look you never forget!My chicken inside the pho was stale! I had to take it out of the soupWE FOUND A HUGE PIECE OF PLASTIC INSIDE MY BOY FRIEND THE PHO! (I wish we took a pic of that but we didnt)in that point we paid and left.. never again
3	Food pretty decent pho place coming from a girl who's used to pho in Little Saigon in OC.
1	I would love to give this place negative stars if I could. Piss poor service, the kind that makes you want to leave right away, and mediocre food.
1	This place is the worst place to eat. First of all the customer service is horrible. The workers get offended when you complain about the food and send it back. The waiter comes back and makes a big scene. Had customers at the other tables staring. When we paid and told them the service was horrible, they argued back, told us to pay and leave. The food has no flavor and drinks are too sweet.   I have never been to a restaurant and been treated this way. This place should not even be open. I will never go to this place and strongly advice no one to go. They don't even deserve 1 star!
3	Open 24 hours. Pho wasnt as good as my hometown of bolsa in Cali but the line in the oyster bar was way too long. Came here long time ago with family and I don't remember it being this bad. Definitely over priced. 8 bucks for shitty pho? Guess cant complain we are in vegas. I would definitely try other pho places if you have the chance.
4	Good: Open 24hrs, Pho bowl size was huge & soup broth was great. Vermicelli with spring roll and pork was good as well. Eat there 3 times in two days. Bad: Customer services was bad. Lot of tension between boss & waiter in regard to tips. Definitely go back for Pho when i go to Vegas
1	The reviews does not lie... horrible service, unfriendly atmosphere and to top it off, even worse pho! The pho restaurant across the street was much better! Hopefully their other dishes is better than the pho...
3	Pho Little Saigon takes "Cash Only"I actually preferred coming here over Pho Kim Long even though Pho Kim Long was voted "Best Vietnamese Restaurant" in Las Vegas.On our most recent trip to Vegas, we stopped in here with a large group of friends.  For the most part, we were all happy with our orders.  The food was average to above average tasting.  Nothing great.Although, the food came out fairly fast, the service was not so good.  None of the workers seemed to know how to smile either.My wife and I were starving so we ordered #15, #72, and #96.  We ordered way too much food because the portions were huge.  If I were rating them on just portion size, they would get 5 stars.   #72 was grilled pork, grilled shrimp, eggroll, and vermicelli.  It came packed with food in a large bowl.  With regards to taste, I'd give it 3 stars cause it was just mediocre.  #96 was chinese broccoli and it was 3.5 stars good.  #15 was my wife's pho order.  She really liked the taste of it and rated it 4 stars.  It was way tastier than Pho Kim Long.Now, would we return here?  Well, I would definitely choose Pho Little Saigon over Pho Kim Long cause this place is also 24 hours.  Just make sure you bring the cash and do not expect really good customer service.
5	Even though the majority of these reviews were in the mediocre to negative area we wanted to give this a try since it is 24 Hour.  I was pleasantly surprised with both the customer service and food.  All three people that helped us were great and really friendly which shocked me as a ton of the reviews said that they were unfriendly.  Get the egg rolls and wrap them in the lettuce they were Really Good!!
1	Horrendously underemployed. I arrived with a party of 8, including myself, and we were seated quickly, but we were obviously forgotten as more customers poured in for lunch. We saw three tables get their orders in before the waiter finally noticed us.After waiting for 45 minutes, they come back and tell us that they've lost our entire order and our waiter even had the audacity to raise his voice at us. Needless to say we won't be back anymore. If Yelp gave me the choice, this place wouldn't be getting any stars from me.
3	The food is good, but the service is average (not really friendly) and they only take "Cash Only". It's only worth it as it opens 24 hours...
5	My wife and I recently went there for some pho and porridge.   Both food and service were excellent.
4	I was VERY skeptical about dining here due to the consistent ratings about horrible service- but since my hungover friends were starved and didn't want to wait anywhere else to eat, this place sufficesFirst of all, we were all extremely grateful that the restaurant wasn't packed- it meant that the workers were very attentive and provided services when asked.The servings were HUGEEEE. Prices ranged from $7-9 dollars and the quality of the food was better than I expected.My friends and I were shocked. We actually really enjoyed this place!We will definitely make more stops here IF it's not busy :)
3	When it comes to Pho, this place has all of the flavor of the more popular spot down the street but with half of the crowd. All in all, a win situation. When it comes to the "Chinese" part of their menu, don't hold your breath. They put in the effort, but they miss the mark by a long shot. Still, a great quick stop for Pho.
3	24/7 Pho joint... what's not to like?Apparently, there's a couple things I name.1) Staff - A lot of people say the staff is mean or rude... but what do you expect from a place that is running 24/7 and dealing with drunk people all the time? True. I think they could smile a tad more, but my server was just fine. I was a little intimidated by him, but he was plenty responsive. 2) Food - Pretty bland broth. It tastes like regular pho broth, but cut with water. My sister in law said this is the style she's used to eating when she's at her boyfriends. It's more "homestyle" I suppose.3) Cleanliness - I did have a small issue with the cleanliness. Some of the lettuce served was dirty and had some bugs on it. No matter, just pick it off and keep on eating. Overall, I knew what I was getting into and I wasn't expecting too much out of this place. The food was light and bland but it hit the spot. The meal was cheap and the service was just okay. I probably would come back, but only if I can't find anywhere else to eat at 3:30 AM. My street creds:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
5	My search for LV's best bowl of noodles ended here. Big and for a reason- usually has a fair number of happily slurping patrons.  Staff is solid, they remember regulars & are always friendly.  If ya know enough about Vietnamese food to ask; they'll tweak menu items for you e.g. switching out types of noodles. Open 24 hours a day and located on the I-15 side of Chinatown. What's not to like?
1	COCKROACHES IN MY FUCKING SOUP! Stay away, I'm seriously fucking sick to my stomach right now. They are still trying to charge me even after I showed them it floating in my soup, mind you I've been eating it already. I told them I'm not giving them anything. I mean pest control is not that hard and if you have a problem take care of it. How dirty does the back have to be for this to happen. NEVER AGAIN!
1	Writing this review as I leave this place and sadly If I could give this place no stars I would. Keeping this review short and simple... Came here with 8 friends on a late night and found a baby cockroach, in one of my friends pho after he was half way done with his food. I don't know what's worse but the fact the cockroach was in the pho or the fact that everyone got the same thing and it was the same broth? I guess thanks for the free food? Never again will I come here!!
1	This place is utterly horrendous!  I'd rather go dumpster diving than eat here.  The service is criminal, as they tried to force me to accept food I didn't order.   Stay Away!
1	My first one star review ever.  This place is nastiness.  I've been to this pho restaurant several years ago and didn't remember it being so bad.  We walked in to a bunch of empty tables still with dirty dishes on them, we'll let that go.  Then, we get seated at a table and the waiter sloppily wiped the table, there was still grease all over it.  Now I start feeling dirty.  My husband and I both order pho and just one drink.  His pho came out first...and that was the only thing that ever came out.  I sat there and watched him eat.  I never got my pho or the drink we ordered.  I got out of there as quickly as I could and was actually glad that I never had to eat after reading the yelp reviews about roaches inside the pho!!  Gross!!  This place made me feel dirty!!  There are too many pho selections in LV that no one needs to tolerate this in order to get a good pho fixing.  Pass this place by and keep rolling down spring mountain!!
1	I ususally don't give bad reviews, I tend to only give reviews on places I think are good. My boyfriend and I came upon this place because our usual Pho place was packed. We were open to trying a new place, and came in without giving any thoughts to the negative reviews because we understand that some restaurants have good and bad days.Unfortunately, that was not the case in this experience. I would say the food was decent, but not memorable. But the food isn't the reason I am giving this restaurant only one star...My boyfriend is a fluent vietnamese speaker, but when he is with me, he speaks english. When we were finished we paid the bill, but the man at the register didn't give us any receipt. Since he was in Vegas for a work trip, he needs the receipts for reimbursement. All in all, the man at the register got angry and started talking crap about us in Vietnamese... He was very rude and deliberately took his time to give it to us. My bf kept his cool and went up to explain why he needed the receipt in Vietnamese, and the owner turned beet red because he didn't think he was able to understand him. All in all, we will NEVER come back. I hope the owner learned his lesson to not talk smack in front of his customers.
2	Let me just lay down what I thought was ridiculous. So my 4 friends and I all ordered pho and they all cost $7.99 each. After we were done eating, two of us paid (including me) and he told us the check came out to over $50 (what???). We told the cashier to split the check. I had to pay $9.54 and he had to pay over $10. Uhm what? After a half an hour the other 3 went to go up and pay. One paid 9.18 and the others paid a little over $8. How is it that we pay all these different amounts when we all got the same priced meals?HOW DOES THAT EVEN WORK OUT? I swear this placed ripped us off. The pho wasn't appetizing
3	This place gets the job done for the late night owl drunks. I've been here a few times from after a night of raging and getting something soupy for the hangover cure.Service is the typical kind you receive from any Vietnamese restaurant. Know what you want to order 5 mins. after sitting down. If you have a large party, ok, 6 mins tops. Food comes out within 10 mins. We ordered To-Go this last visit. Took some time to get our food, but maybe that's because we were just waiting around for it. When the orders came, the Manfriend checked each box to make sure we got all our orders. Good thing he did, we were missing an order. I think they forgot to make that order because we waited another 10-15 mins for it.Food is decent. No complaints there. But make sure you have CASH on you. Pay at the register and be gone.
4	When I first entered Pho Little Saigon it had the typical Vietnamese feel. I was impressed to see a sign that said open 24hours. I was  here on a date. Sadly ?I have lived here a year and  this was my first time trying anywhere in China Town. YES! I know I was really lagging on that one. I moved to Vegas from the Silicon Valley where we had tons and tons of delicious Asian Cuisine especially PHO. Having been a guest at many Vietnamese restaurants I know that good service isn't typically their strong suit. Surprisingly Pho Little Saigon kept my water full and had a friendly server apologizing for any wait I had. Now that was really shocking but I wonder if he didn't over hear me tell my date I had to take photos before we ate any of our food LOL. Regardless it was a Decent experience. Definitely not the BEST ever but the food tasted good and didnt give me a MSG coma. It also was HUGE portions which I obviously can never eat so I wish they offered the option of a smaller size but overall they have good variety and yummy EATS!
5	This is my favorite Pho place. I eat here at least once a week. Their broth is consistently delicious which I find a problem at other places (one time good, one time watery). They also serve bahn mi sandwiches that are much better than those across the street hands down!! They have tons of seating and once you try it you will see why!
1	Last night I was eating at pho little Saigon was so dirty the soup was not tasting , I never coming back
1	I am embarrassed to say I used to eat here at least twice per week for a year. The straw that broke the camelbacks was they asked me if I wanted a small or large Pho I said small when it came out it was a large. I mentioned that I ordered a small the waiter said take it or leave it I was shocked. Also this place started to get real unkept and dirty it was not like this before. This place is absolutely repulsive and dirty. After watching ktlv videos how could anyone eat at this establishment. Close this place and ban the owners from ever opening up a restaurant in the future. You have been warned. Watch the videos.
3	Service was still good. But I'm not sure if they had a change of chef, the taste of PLS is quite different from the first few times I've been there.I could recall every taste on every restaurants I've been too! How you say??Because I always ordered the same food!!!For every pho, hole in the wall restaurants, I've made it to the point to order just one kind of soup...and that's their number one soup on their lists of what made them famous and known for...tasting their trademark soups!This time, PLS, really is not up to 5 star, why?? Maybe they've change their people at the back, looking for cheaper affordable chefs...can they cook?? Sure they can!But NEVER the same quality as those that originally made the soup that made them known their trademarks!!What??? No free internet?? The owner never shared this info to their employees for the needs of the customers??It was given to me every time I asked for it before....are they downgrading?? I don't know.The soup spoon was rough. Like calcium rough on a swimming pool stain.So I just gulp down the soup without the soup-spoon.Not complaining, just disappointed with the quality difference over as little as 2 months.
4	Not bad for 24hrs. Pho was good but not great. Combo sandwich was tasty and hit the spot.Server was short but polite-no frills and to the point.
2	Very poor customer service. Only giving them a 2 star because the pho is alright. They do not greet customers or try to make conversation with them. When we walk in the door the man look at us and walk away. Then he was at a table waiving at us to go sit down. And look at us like "what the heck are these people doing standing at at the entrance." It would be nice to let us know to follow him or find our own seats. Then the waiter walk by our table and we said we're ready to order. He walk right pass us to go to the table by us to take order. When he was done then he came to out table and not say a word. With the pen and pad in his hands we get the signal he's ready to take our order now. When we ask for the small and large bowl of pho. He told us large is not on the menu and it's $2 charge. When. It clearly shows on the menu the price is less than what he mention. Well that was annoying at that point. Told him that false advertisement and he should label the menu correctly so we exactly what to order and what the prices are. He didn't say anything at all and just walk away. How RUDE!!!! Is all I can say. To be honest we weren't even complexly done with our order. But we were hungry so we settle with the 2 bowls and did not order drinks since he decided to just walk away. What we should of done is walk away from him too. The worse customer service I've experienced.
4	This is definitely our go to place 2-3 times a week for pho. I've tried other places,  and none can compare. Huge portions,  great prices,  and open 24-7, what else could you ask for? I took my mom,  and she said that the pork fried rice was hands down the best she's had.  As for the demerit situation. .. It was kind of a perfect storm of a situation, with a pipe breaking, and food storage issues because they were in the middle of selling their other location and moving stuff over,  according to the staff we talked to after they re opened.   As often as I've been there,  I've never had the issues that others have spoken of with insects,  etc. The staff is friendly when you engage them. This place is much better than Kim Long, which used to be good,  but is now over priced and not as good anymore.  Avoid the crowds at Kim Long, and come here instead!
1	I couldnt tell u how the food was because we had to walk out! Customer service poor poor poor! We were seated...provided with menus and water....and then forgotten.  People came in after us were seated, their order taken, and served their food...and yet our order was never taken. Will never go back to this place!
1	I just been here once customer service like shit never seen before , waiter throw food on the table. Food taste not good at all. Will never ever come back. Guys dont go here....
3	Eh, this place is OKAY. For some cheap, late-night pho, this place is to go. Service can definitely be better, but the food is good.Pho- I don't think you can ever go wrong with pho. I usually get the rare flank with tripe. It is good! The broth is good, too. It is not as heavy as other pho places.Fried Eggrolls- they can use better lettuce. Its okay.Spring rolls- I hate their spring rolls. It doesn't taste fresh and its super dry. Two thumbs DOWN!Rice dishes- some of them are super salty like pork.. The chicken is good, but other than that, I wouldn't really get it.This place is just good for their pho. It's not as busy as Pho Kim Long-- only a block away, so if you do not want to wait, this place is where you wanna go!
4	This is my go to pho spot when visiting Las Vegas. My mom loves this place as well and this is usually where I take her. The service is fast and they know us. Don't go there  expecting to hold a  long pleasant conversation with the staff. It's a good go in and eat place but not for interacting with the staff. The pho is excellent and I normally get the durian smoothie with boba. The great thing about it is that they are open 24/7. You'll enjoy it. I do every time.
1	Worst service I've ever gotten. My friend kindly asked for sweet and sour sauce, the server rudely said "NO!" Also, it was the first time I ordered the egg roll & rice vermicelli, the server did not warn me that there are peanuts & I'm allergic to peanuts. Do they not know how common peanut allergies are!! They should've at least listed "nuts" in the food description. It's not the first time I've been here & I've never gotten poor customer service here. I'm surprised they don't check on their customers if they need anything else. Not once did I see any of the servers come up to us to see if everything was ok. I waited so long to get a refill on my drink. We seriously wasted our money here! We came for the rare steak pho but they were all crossed out so we had to pick out the crappy food they sold instead. Should've took the crossed out pho as a warning!! I wasn't going to rate them but I finally got my refill I give them 1 star only!
4	Pho Kim Long had a loooong wait so I checked out this place. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the meat in the pho and the depth of flavor in the broth.  really great service the food was very good I would definitely come back.
1	Horrendous customer service never even had my order taken ended up leaving and upset. Such a waste of my time I don't care how good the food may or might have been, disgraceful customer service is unacceptable.
1	What a bad customer service ever..!!My friends already order shrimp and rice 2 hours the food they bring on the table.I just said whatsss..!!!!The other my friends order combo fried rice and I order fruits jus as well and they missed..!!When we gonna pay they still want to charge the food that we never got.Whatsss ..!!!
4	Get your Pho fix at Little Saigon. I've been here several times now, & never had a bad meal. Nothing fancy here, just good big steaming bowls of Pho, along with the boba drinks I love. The soup is always good & hot, with lots of meat, as well as a side dish of accompaniments such as bean sprouts, limes, holy basil & sliced fresh jalapenos. The service is quick & what the staff lacks in english communication skills, they make up for in smiles, prompt service, quality, & quantity. The boba drinks feature nice smooth starchy balls that are softer than some of the other places I've tried. The coconut is my favorite. It cools the mouth & throat after powering down a spicy bowl of this wonderful soup. #35, steak, brisket, & tendon is my go to order. I've also tried the fried rice here, & it was top notch. The only reason I didn't give Saigon 5 stars is because the cleanliness left a little to be desired, & the beef balls were a bit too chewy. But don't let appearances fool you. There's a reason that there are several locations of this Pho restaurant. They do it right.
2	Probably the worst pho I've tried thus far... But I expect this place to last a long time considering it's 24/7 and a cheaper option than restaurants on the strip.Other notes:- Cleanliness is a problem. Founds some bugs on our lettuce.- Customer service is also a problem. They forgot my order even though we asked two different servers about it. I got beef stew by the time my family was done eating.- Beef stew noodle soup portions were off. A LOT of soup, but not a lot of noodles.- Pho noodles were hard and the soup was warm... Not hot.Would've given them one star, but they were generous with meat portions in both the pho and the beef stew.
1	If I can give them 0 star I would. My first time here, ordered some food, egg rolls came out, my 5 year old ate it and told me its bad, I took a bite and sure enough it was rotten and tasted sour, they wouldn't let us cancel other food and made us pay for it
1	I wish I was not a Vietnamese so I didnt hear the fighting between those services. They dont smile  at the customers ( then why you choose this job?). They yelled at each other like in the market, not in the restaurant. The food was okay. I dont complain about the food :). There was a couple next to me and they were Idian-vegiterians, and they asked the service to make something for them. He refused to do it. Really people? I know you guys are middle-age people but we pay our money to get a good time or good food. You guys better change...
1	Terrible customer service, they're very rude. Been here a few times, almost gotten into fights with them for unreasonable reasons. The pho is okay, it's not bad but would not come back. The staffs have a negative vibe. I don't usually give reviews unless it's really bad or really good.
4	I went in with no expectations and was extremely pleased with the phood. I did take the food to go, so I did not experience their uncourteous-ness. Those that attended to me were quite helpful. I will gladly eat there again next time I am in Vegas.
4	Great broth !!! Not many pho places can nail a savoury broth, but this place can!  I've been to a couple pho restaurants in San Jose, ca and this place is comparable in flavour.   A regular size bowl is hefty enough to fill your craving ( I'm about 225 lbs). Definitely worth returning!!!Also- zero wait time. Just walk right in, sit down, and order!
4	Very little wait, and huge portions. I have tried their pho, fried rice and vermicelli, all excellent. Shrimp fried rice is so far my favorite. FYI if you order a plate of fried shrimp it comes with the shell and everything, my buddy ordered it and was disappointed at how much work he had to do for the meat. Other than that one of the best pho places in town.
2	Pho not good Hu tieu not good Fried rice good. Only reason I gave it one star Everything else mehhhhI would not return here. Maybe if I was desperate for food I would They even forgot my little cousins food. I think. The broths are not nice smelling.
1	Do not waste your time. There are too many 24-hour pho places out there to pick from that are better than this place. I got the shrimp spring rolls and white chicken pho. The spring rolls were filled so much with plain lettuce and the shrimp was not fresh at all. I have never had such low quality spring rolls with a price of $5.40. The menu also says that there is a "regular" and "small" size for phos and the waiter told us that they are only serving the large which was nothing like a large. What really made me thinking of never coming back was the HORRIBLE service and attitude. The Vietnamese waiter and male cashier gave me the worst attitude for no reason. None of them spoke fluent English so don't bother asking them a question about food or anything.
1	Thought that I was able to take my family to enjoy authentic food in Vegas but boy was I wrong. Horrible service.  Waiters are rude, yelling at customers if the customer says that the order was wrong. Can't enjoy the food if the service if so bad...horrible experience
1	I found a half-foot strand of thick hair in my Pho Dac Biet. I give props to the waiter for not apologizing and keeping a smile on his face the whole time there. Also accompanied by noisy waiters, dull atmosphere, and crappy foreign music, I could not stay a second longer. If you're a tourist reading this review, let Vietnamese wait until you get home. There are better ways to spend your money in Vegas and gambling is one of them.
1	Weak .
1	Giving my review before the good gets here. Was fairly packed and this place was buzzing. This is usually a good signTook about 10 min to have anyone take our order. It's been close to 30 minutes and the 8 at our table have only gotten 2 dishes. Rice and vermicelli. Pho finally got here but still short a couple dishes. Don't come here hungry or expecting to be noticed. Other good sized groups who arrived after us even got their food before us. Consistency in service is lackingTough to give x1 star. Pho is pretty decent but not so good to have a place as busy as this.
1	Very rude and not helpful at all. I was looking for a dish with snow peas and he said they don't have it because of holidays and to try pho Kim long.I explained how I went there and management told me they don't sell snow peas and his response was "us too" when on the menu there are about 3-4 options WITH EFFING SNOW PEAS.I've come here once before and thought id try a second chance but after this and all their health code violations NEVER AGAIN.
4	Broth is made well. I'm very particular about the broth having made it myself many times. I can usually tell right away when it has too much or too little of an ingredient. Although, I've only been here twice, both times were good. Would go back again for sure.
3	Decent service & ok food. The place is dirty though, with little pieces of stuff on the water cups.Side note ~ the meat in the bun bo hue tastes like it's been frozen forever. Very gross.
1	Didn't find this place on Yelp like we usually do(we were from out of town). We were driving by and just decided to try it out. Bad mistake! First, we waited forever to order(over 45min). They didn't come over until we finally said that we were ready. When the guy came over my husband was prepared to order for the whole table. We had 10 people all together(my parents, my hubby's parents and some of his relatives). My husband started to order and he was trying to get the order straight in his mind because he didn't want to mess up my dad's order(he's on a special diet because he's diabetic). The guy got annoyed said we weren't ready rolled his eyes and left to help someone paying at the register. We were shocked that he just left. He finally came back and took our order with attitude. My husband was so upset and wanted to leave telling his mom that he shouldn't talk to customer's that way but she talked him into staying. A long time later our food finally came(except for mine...I didn't want to ask for it because I didn't want them to spit in it). My mom got her food and she was supposed to have Noodles but there was none. We didn't say anything, my mom still ate it. The guy was passing around the pho and asking who had the one he was holding while he stood right beside my mother in law. She said, "right here." And he continued to ask with attitude. Wrong thing to do w/my mother in law. She slammed her chopsticks down and yelled at him, "right here!" Then she proceeded to yell at him about how her son wanted to leave but she talked him to staying and why does he have to talk to us that way. The whole table couldn't even enjoy their food. And I just watched everyone else eat because remember I never got my order. If I could give this place no stars I would. My hubby was still angry hours later and it's just sad that someone can ruin your whole day like that. I would NEVER come here again!
5	Love this place, the food is so good, we went here almost everything day to eat when we re in vegas. Idk why they have bad review. It is so much better than pho kim long
1	Stop now! Think twice!!!I came here because pho Kim long had a line... Worst mistake ever...  The server not only had broken English but had no common sense. I said I'd like veggie pho and no drink just water... He brought everyone else's food..  And not mine, when I asked where mine was he yelled at me and argued that I had ordered nothing.A seriously comical experience.
4	Pho Little Saigon is 24/7!  It's not fancy, you go up to pay after, but that's pretty standard with most pho places.  The menu is extensive, and there are photos on the walls.  I got either a #15 or a #17, I can't remember but I know it was one or the other and it was good.  Really good broth, very hot, very satisfying. My friend and I weren't feeling so great and it cleared our sinuses. We shared spring rolls with shrimp and this peanut sauce.  I wasn't feeling shrimp when I walked in but this was clean, it was perfect.  I also got a thai iced tea and it wasn't overly sweet.  I almost forgot, this place is cash only! Bring money.
1	So, fuck this place. I've been here twice now. The first time I came here there was several bugs just crawling about which I did notice till after I started to eat. The second time I came was because my friends wanted to come. I ordered a mango slush. Whatever I received was not a mango slush. When I told them of this they told me it was mango. They then exchanged it for what was a passable excuse for thai tea.  The only reason I gave it a star was because yelp makes me.
4	My family was here on Monday for lunch and it was great.  This place have a better taste and more selections then any other places around this area.  Since we all were so hungry so everything tasted good.  The two orders I didn't like was the soup (Canh chua) and the che.  Overall, this place have good services, reasonable prices, and good location.
1	I am Vietnamese and this is one of the worse pho I have ever had. Taste nothing like pho. Waste of money and time.
4	I found the service here is actually very good. A man greeted me immediately as I walked through the doors and helped me with a to-go order. He was very friendly and actually made suggestions on my order and I had a very delicious pork chop, #42, I believe. My wife asked for bun with pork and eggrolls, he didn't immediately understand what I was talking about but took the time to read my iphone and got it right. Everything was delicious and the order came out in timely fashion. The only downside here, like a lot of Vietnamese places, is that they only take cash.
1	Horrible service. Food was burnt and they even rolled their eyes when we tried to have it replaced. Never going back here !!!
4	My husband's was in serious need of a good bowl of Pho to cure his Vegas hangover. The place he usually goes to in Vegas wasn't open yet, so we trekked out here around 9am. The place was bright, clean, & staff was friendly. Service was a bit slower than what were used to in Cali, but nothing to complain about. We ordered Pho Tai & Soda Chanh. The Pho broth was yummy- not to msg/beefy tasting & the meat wasn't overcooked! Everything was fresh and Lime soda was refreshing & light.
4	I've been here three times.  I concur with the commenter who noted that the parking situation is difficult.  However, being close to I-15 and Spring Mountain is a huge advantage for me, and it is open 24 hours.A relatively new member of the staff is Tony, who recently left Saigon 8.  The guy is terrific, and I've seen him iron out the bumps when language is a problem.  He's the reason I came to this restaurant in the first place.I've had pho twice and vermicelli with grilled pork, spicy (#68) once.  The pho broth was pretty good (not quite Saigon 8, but not bad), and the meat, etc., was also good.  The #68 was the best thing I've had there, and it is served in a bowl rather than a plate, which I think helped.  The restaurant was jam packed (Friday, about 1:30 p.m.), but service went smoothly.  By the time I was finished, I would say about two thirds of the crowd had left after eating.At the table, There was hoisin sauce and Sriracha hot sauce, plus fish sauce and soy sauce.  There was also a jar of a pepper sauce that looked like a Szechuan sauce, but didn't have the heat.  There were plain wooden chop sticks, which I like, spoons, and small saucers, which I use to mix a dip.  I've mentioned in my Jenny Pho review that this is the way I prefer it, instead of bringing stuff out with the pho, and using lacquered chop sticks.One thing you should know is that there is a sign that says cash only.  That changed a couple of months ago.  They allow major credit cards (Visa, MC), but they left the sign up.I like the restaurant for the quality of the food, which is pretty good, location, near I-15, and the fact that Tony now works here, and he's terrific.Something I should have said earlier:  Pho Little Saigon makes its own Vietnamese sandwiches.  I brought some home, and they're very good.  Pho Saigon 8 doesn't  make its own, though there's a shop that makes them out the rear of their parking lot.
1	If you given this place more than 3 stars. You must be related to this place. Wasted my time n money. I'm not even gonna wast my time describing the food. Just one word. "Nasty"
3	The parking lot looked empty but the minute we walked in the place was pretty full considering its a Sunday morning. The pho I think is much better then Pho Kim Long but it's similar to other places that we have tried. I give them an average, but after a nights out drinking this place would the spot for pho.
3	They have Pho & Vietnamese hot pot with shrimp, fish, beef, squid. The egg rolls are usually fresh & taste great. There are pictures of the menu items everywhere but they don't have majority of the items so it's kind of a hit or miss sometimes lol.The service is a little slow, so if you're impatient,  this is NOT the place for you. The quality of food is good though so give it a chance
5	I go there all the time. I went almost every viet restaurant around the neighborhood and this place the best. Cheap and high quality food. Try pho combo and u wont regret it. Open 24/7/365 and always clean and serve good food. They give good amount of bean sprouts too. Highly recommended.
1	Not ever coming here again. They insisted soup because it's faster, any thing else is "too long" any rice dish, any appetizer is "too long" I know it's busy but we should be able to get what we want and not be scrutinized about it taking too long. The servers are arguing, yelling. Some people might like the service but I sure don't.
1	All the employees were yelling at eachother, causing interruptions of conversations. Server didn't want me to order what I wanted to order, why have a menu? Suggested noodle soup because it wouldn't take long but Bruhh, I want to eat what I want to eat! Others may be satisfied by this service but not for me. Couldn't even have a nice meal on Christmas.
1	I ordered pho and 2 banh mi sandwiches to go. The pho was to dine in, they brought my pho right away and it was delicious but they never gave me my sandwiches that I paid for. 25 minutes pass I finished my pho and I asked for my banh mi and they say they are making it: give them 5 more minutes,  I give them 10 then I ask about it and they said they did not make them. They gave me my money back. What kind of business is this where you bullshit someone for 35 minutes then say we didn't even bother to cook your food we just took your money, what a waste of my time, very bad service they only cater to Asians, if your a "round eye"  stay away they will treat you like a stupid forginer that does not belong there and make you feel uncomfortable being there, I will never go back
2	So I came here the other night. I know- bad idea to dine at China Town during the weekend after Christmas and before New Year. The entire area was packed and our originally choice Pho Kim Long had a 12 names before us wait. I am very level headed person so I tried to keep that in mind in rating this place but what I experienced was just.. Disappointing.So the pho was good IMO. We all got the house special pho dac biet. My comparison pho is PhoKim Long and I thought the broth was better and it had more meat. So I did think the food was good.So we come in and I know what to expect at most establishments in the China Town area: the service is spotty and it can come off as rude.This was like the worst experience I had dining somewhere.So we walk in and a man simply asks how many and we say three and he starts to seat us. Out of no where this other man who was bussing starts yelling at the man seating us and makes these wild hand gestures i.e. Making an "x" with his arms and shaking his head. It is hard to put into words what happened but it was not welcoming at all. Apparently the guy was trying to tell his coworker they only have soup, the pho dac biet. No other food items. No sandwiches or any entrees or appetizers. That's what we came for anyways so he could have spared us the theatrics.I have no idea why it took them ten minutes to come back to take our order. THEY ONLY HAVE ONE THING AVAILABLE AT THE MOMENT! I was about to leave after thinking about the rude seating situation but the guy comes to take our order. We are told they have the other soups also. No worries! We all wanted what they told us they had anyways. So we wait for soup. Two other tables are seated by us while we wait. They are also told in a not as rude way that they only have soup. They all get the same soup as us. So I'm never one to bring up the race card but we didn't appreciate that the 3 gentlemen seated 10 minutes after us some how get their soup before us. My table of 3 didn't speak their language. My table of three which consisted of my Mexican best friend, and my half black cousin, and myself. We get ours a few minutes later. I tried to think no.. Maybe they ordered something else... But the guy who seated them spoke a language other than English to them (which is how I know they spoke the same language) and the rude busser guy took their order but told them they only had one size of the house special dac biet pho. So I know 100% that we got the same thing and they were seated after us and got their food first. Needless to say we didn't leave a great tip but we did leave a decent one even considering the experience. I didn't one star the place because the other guys were okay and I surprisingly liked their pho.I looked back at when we came in and wish we left. I'm not one to complain. I feel like if you are able to control the situation by leaving then you should. We just really wanted pho! The whole thing just made me sad. Maybe that guy was having a crappy day but he was constantly yelling across the restaurant, constantly frowning, and just being rude to his coworkers and his patrons. He should have went home. Many people chose not to be seated once being informed of the only soup. The owners should really check out the reviews left by everyone.
1	I gave this restaurant only one star. Their food was ok, but the service was terrible. We had to wait one hour for the food until we were served. The food was cold and we were charged without notice. I felt as if they didn't care for their customers.
1	The service was terrible! We have to keep on asking for our iced coffees and when it came, they gave us too many. The noodle was okay but it was disturbing to see extreme food shows on tv when we were eating. They were showing slaughtering rats and insects!!! Disgusting!
1	Service, food quality, and EVERYTHING overall is below standards. The only thing is that the restaurant was crowded giving me an impression that it was actually decent.It took half an hour alone to get a server's attention to place an order. Usually at other pho restaurants you LEAVE in half an hour. With this half hour there was a family of four near me. The two daughters finished eating and their parents never got their food. A waiter Carried food out and delivered to every corner of the restaurant..how does that even work. When our future finally came,  it only took us one sip of the soup to know that they used a dirty pot to prepare our soup. A pot, that was just used to prepare a rice dish that I saw come out a few minutes before my food. Just go eat McDonald's.
2	Been here a few times and let's just say my most recent visit wasn't really that enjoyable.I understood that the place was very busy considering it was New Year's Day aka Hangover Day and pho is the cure to all hangovers and such. But that is no excuse for not having good customer service. First off, the place was very unorganized. Some people were taken to tables not cleaned yet, having to stand and wait for workers to clean them. Others were actually sat at dirty tables. Secondly, it took quite a bit of time to even receive menus. As soon as we received our menus, it then took forever to get our order taken and even get our beverages out. Plus, two tables who were sat after us initially received service before we even did. Furthermore while one of the servers took my order, he back sassed me when I was just trying to confirm whether or not he jotted down what I wanted correctly. We received our beverages (keep in mind we only had waters) ten minutes after our order was taken and received our food more than half an hour later. It just seemed as if it was hard for the servers to keep track of which tables came first. The ambience even felt a bit off, as the servers shouted to each other from across the room. I feel as if they need to develop a better system to keep everything in an orderly fashion. As for the food, I ordered spring rolls and pho with chicken. The peanut sauce for the spring rolls had a bit too much of a coconut flavor in it, while the chicken in the pho was a bit spongey in texture. Overall, not a great experience. If it wasn't for the fact that this place is 24/7 (convenient for those drunken late nights/early mornings) and the fact that I came here before when it was far less busy and rather very slow, I would've gave it one star.
2	Food was actually good if you ignore the hair I found in there. Perhaps it would have been better if they gave me what I ordered. Usually I would let them know it was wrong but it was a lost cause. Everyone there is too busy to care. At least I finally got my water after I finished my entire meal and right before I left?
2	Do not come to this restaurant if you can help it. We recently had a very bad experience with this restaurant. The food is OK not great compares to other restaurants on the same street. The food came late and then when we complained the younger waiter had an attitude. Our friend ordered Hu tiu/ Mi and the waiter forgot to bring it out until we asked for it.I'm not sure our Vietnamese owners understand the word "service" mean or maybe they too busy making money!DVT
5	Top notch pho. Open 24 hours and they don't water down the broth for white people like so many pho places do! Don't cab here late night no cabs will come to Chinatown late. Also LV still hatin on Uber. Great selection of soups too.
