5	This is a very clean and stylish salon that was just recently redecorated.  All of the women who work at CRYSTAL NAILS are very professionaly trained and they all give excellent manicures and pedicures.  Their special spa pedicures are fabulous!  I recommend this salon to everyone I know!Kate Olmscheid
4	Love Crystal Nails.This little salon is close to my apt.I always call to make an appointment. (even last min.)Friendly owner - Mimi is great~!They take their time and I don't feel like I'm being rushed out the door.They do a great job!
1	I went for my first time to this nail salon and I will never go back.  The woman who did my nails talked the entire time to other manicurists in Vietnamese or whatever which in itself is rude and makes one feel paranoid that they are being talked about.  That would have been tolerable if the manicure itself had been worth it but it was a terrible manicure that lasted two days at most and some nails are are chipping and jagged already. I am a once a week client of manicures so my nails have been very well taken care of- until this week.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about Crystal Nails.  Yes the ladies do speak in their native language to each other, but they are usually teasing each other not the clients.  They always manage to fit me in at the last minute and do a wonderful job. Good prices too!
4	Ive been going to crystal Nails on via linda on and off for several years. Christina is a hidden gem in the manicure/ pedicure world! She is fantastic. She takes her time and is meticulous. Any place else that I have a manicure my polish only last 1-2 days, but when Christina does it, I get a week of great looking nails.  No the place isn't fancy or pretentious but if you ask for Christina you'll get a very nice service. I would suggest you call ahead and make an appointment.  Oh and the prices are $5-10 lower than most scottsdale locations.
5	You have boyfiend? You need crystal nail!  Great place and funny, sweet nail technicians! I went to Mimi and she was very funny and entertaining.  They have many colors of Gels and they are not the cheap kind that last a few days!  Prices are pretty equilivant to other salons.  I wouldn't hesitate going in for a visit!
2	Although Mimi was very nice, my manicure was horrible in every way a manicure can go badly. 1. Polish so thick I have air bubbles on every nail. 2. Completely uneven polish by the cuticles. Honestly, I do a much better job myself. 3. It's been almost 2 hours now and it's STILL not dry and looks like an elephant stepped on my nails. 4. The place was not very well ventilated and it's clear they rarely clean the place because there was a layer of dust everywhere. I would never go there again.
4	Thank you for your response, the fact that you did is making me give you 5 stars for listening. I will definitely give you another try as I appreciate a business that strives for customer satisfaction. Good luck with the new management!
