4	So many hours clocked in here I can't begin to imagine the number. When I followed a low carb diet I ate lunch here mon-fri almost everyday for a year and a half. When I say the chicken is consistently good I speak from experience.Most of the staff has remained the same over the years. I've never had a bad experience service wise. All of this equates to a decent sized following of locals. You can expect to see many of the same faces in there for lunch and happy hour.They have very good happy hour food and booze specials.Chicken, tri tip, white fish, shrimp, lobster tacos, fajitas.. its all good. I haven't had anything here I wasn't happy with, excluding maybe the quesadilla.All the meats are mesquite charbroiled and very tasty. The parking lot smells amazing all the time.The chicken is very heavy on the black pepper and garlic. Their marinade/rub is put all over the chicken and under the skin as well at times.They have a nice salsa bar with at least 4 different types of salsa plus spicy pickled jalapenos and carrots. Their chips never seem to be overly greasy and are surprisingly fresh for sitting at the salsa bar under a heat lamp.I'm also a fan of the wings. They are nonstandard as far as the wing sauce goes but they are a nice change from the standard franks/butter.When it comes down to it its solid food at a reasonable price. You can't ask for much more for a regular day lunch experience.
5	This was one of the places that when I first moved to Phoenix opened some doors for me.  It is still a favorite today!  Coming from the Midwest I had no idea how good food from south of the border could really be.  Nor did I have any idea that all food Mexican food was not represented at Taco Bell.  I know.  Enter a new co-worker's invitation to Chuy's for after work cocktails and grub.  Wow!!Other than opening my eyes, after living here several years I have even more appreciation for the level of value and taste Chuy's pulls off in the Valley.  Mesquite broiled anything is a no-brainer here.  All are scrumdidlyumptious in the form of tacos, skewers, plates, etc.  I also dig their take on Baja-style sides like slaw and whole beans, no lard.I have heard they breakfast but have yet to get to it.  If they have dessert I know nothing about it, which is strange given my fixation on the stuff.The beach shack theme can take a little getting used to as it fast casual, including the alcohol.  Oh, and they have margaritas.  Forget the one-offs.  Find a friend and split a pitcher!  The pitchers are smoking deals and strong.  There may have been an incident with a friend under a table at this location due to non-belief in the strength of their margaritas... I may have not been much help in this situation given I was sure the bathroom kept moving.That aside they have great food specials, a zoo-like Happy Hour, a free chips and salsa set-up and good prices on beer.  I recommend studying the layout before your first drink, bringing an appetite and having an exit strategy.
3	Chuy's has multiple locations throughout the valley and their food is consistently good tex/mex cuisine.  On my last visit, I ordered the grilled Mahi plate, which came with 4 good sized chunks of fish, 3 corn tortilla shells and plenty of rice and beans.They have a help yourself salsa bar, with plenty of salsa options, as well as pickled vegetables, and a huge bucket of warm tortilla chips.  Chuy's is one of those places where you order at the counter, pay, and then some random employee drops the food off at your numbered table when ready.The beer is always cold and the food and drink inexpensive, making Chuy's a great stop for a budget friendly meal where you don't compromise on taste.
3	Chuy's was pretty good.  Seems like all of their locations are pretty similar.  I think they'd be best known for their cheap margaritas... $2 pints, $4 small pitchers.  They aren't too strong and come from a mediocre mix, but if you're looking for something sweet and cheap its a good bet.Free serve-yourself chips and salsa are pretty good.  As for food... pretty decent prices and okay to good food.  I wouldn't say its authentic Mexican, actually I think the menu is a bit confused.  But the food is good overall.  It's a place we'll go to every month or so.
2	I'm shocked at myself that I ate here, but it was a last resort due to me needing to take Adam to the airport.  I've been to Chuys in Tucson for dinner, which is always have had a good experience with it being that it is a total hole in the wall.  But did anyone know that they had breakfast?!  Well they do.  So we went in and weren't expecting the world knowing what the place was.  We sat ourselves because there was no staff in sight and just 2 older people at the bar, at 8am lol.  So we sat for a few minutes and then a girl came to us.  She got our drinks and then we told her we were ready to order and she said that they don't do table service and she would meet us at the register.  My mind was boggled because there were only 2 other customers in there who were done eating.  How could she not think that she should just take our order with ALL the time she had instead of making us walk ALL the way across the restaurant to place an order for a whole 2 burritos.  So I give her zero stars!  I give the burritos 3 stars because they weren't the best I've ever had but they were good enough and they didn't give me a tummy ache!  So I give a total of 2 stars because of the servers one star.Chuys is always going to be a good choice for mesquite when you need a quick bite!
1	This was the most horrible for I've had in YEARS! I'm pretty forgiving but I can't forgive the junk they cooked here. Please don't go, you will be horribly dissatisfied...I went at 12:30pm on a Friday.
4	Chuy's is closed but this has reopened as C.C.'s same food and menu. $8 pitchers of margaritas are strong!! Great food for low prices.
