5	After years of getting sub-par haircuts at cheap establishments like Cost Cutters, Super Cuts and dozens of discount barbers, I have finally come across the absolute best place to get a haircut.First, I would like to emphasize that I have never been happy with the way my haircuts turn-out -- the sides wouldn't be even; parts on top would be noticeably off; and it would take days for it to even-out and look presentable.  The people that have cut my hair before have been, for the most part, amateur, and they would have a tendency of carelessly rushing through it to attend to other customers.  Either that or they were just plain lousy at cutting hair.  Well, that's something I no longer have to worry about when I go to Genetleman Joe's.  The guys there are professionals and you always come out looking like a million bucks.  You are not going to be bothered with painful small-talk about the weather and they are certainly not going to try and sell you hair products you don't need.   I repeat, the guys there are pros.Gentleman Joe's Barber Shop is a fine establishment.  Haircuts cost a reasonable $18 (or $20 if you want to throw-in a shave).  As you get your haircut, you have your own personalized TV and a complementary beverage.  The comfortable chairs are made of fine Italian leather and the huge framed mirrors and equipment only help enhance the experience.    The dedicated barbers are going to take the time to ensure you are getting the best haircut possible.  This will become apparent to you afterward.  I can honestly say that after leaving Gentleman Joe's, I know my haircut looks at its very best.  I have received countless complements from friends, relatives and people at work.  Before, it used to be "so, you got a haircut" ... now it's "wow, I really like your new haircut, it looks great!  Where you go?"    The people I have recommended Gentleman Joe's to are as equally convinced that it is the best place to get a haircut in town.  I have used Yelp mainly for reading recommendations, but I have been so satisfied with Gentleman Joe's Barber Shop that I decided to register and take the time to post my $0.02 about the place.  I am sure you will be satisfied with the level of attention and service you will get.  I repeat, the guys there are professionals and the experience will be unlike any other.  I give Gentleman Joe's 2 big thumbs up ... it is as good as it gets!BUSINESS INFO:Gentleman Joe's Barber Shop 10 W. Adams St.Phoenix, AZ  85003Phone:  602-253-9454Hours:Monday - Friday:  8am - 5pmSaturday:  8am - 12pmPrice:  $18Other Locations:4940 E Ray Rd # 71, Phoenix, AZ - (480) 705-90311017 N Dobson Rd, Mesa, AZ - (480) 615-5957
3	Okay haircut at a good price. I have been a few times and will probably go again. I like the atmosphere and the service was fairly responsive to my needs. I haven't tried the shoeshine guy cuz I like to shine my own shoes, but I think it is cool that they have one there. They also had a good selection of magazines unlike their competitors on the other side of the building.
5	OK, so I am writing this review for my boyfriend. Gentleman Joe's is the ONLY place he will go to get his haircut in the entire valley. He drives all the way from Peoria just to get a hair cut. He loves the attention he gets from the barbers. I believe he enjoys it as much as women enjoy going to the spa! I went in to pick him up one day and saw him getting a shave with a straight razor, just like in the movies! He also had his own private television set to watch as he got his hair cut!!! Maybe I'll send him there for valentine's day.... bet he would then volunteer to do anything I wanted to do. :)
5	What a great little barber shop!!! I've been meaning to come down, and finally found the time. Got me a great haircut, neck shave and head massage all for under $20!!!  Each cutting station has it's own personal TV, I was able to watch some football while getting a cut. It's truly a nice barbershop, granite counter tops and the old school barber shop chairs.  This is what's it's all about, small local businesses!!  Good work Gentleman Joe's!!!
5	I just got home from getting my haircut here. I really like this place! The feel is very upscale, and the prices are decent. They have tile floor, marble countertops, each station has its' own television and washbowl. There are refrigerators with glass doors that has free sodas and water (Coke, Pepsi, Fanta, Tea, Root Beer, etc). The haircut was great, service was great, and I was surprised when I got a mini massage at the end of my haircut.
5	Great haircut today.  I wear a flat top which takes skill to do right and the barber nailed it.  Highly recommend this location.
4	While in town, I stopped at Gentleman Joe's for a shave, and I'm glad I did. Estoban placed the cape, reclined the chair, and placed two hot, moist towels on my face. He then liberally applied shaving cream, another hot towel, then more shaving cream. He carefully conducted a very close shave, provided a facial (think massage for the face), and finished with a cool towel. To conclude the relaxation, Estoban used a vibrating glove on the head, neck, and shoulders.  Overall, it was very relaxing, a close shave, and fun. I certainly recommend this shop!
5	I just got my haircut *again* from Gentleman Joe's. After having bad haircuts so many times from other places, I am pleased again, and again with this place! I like Ernesto. He's a pretty serious guy, and loves his religion, but he gives a damn good haircut, and is very  professional about his work and works tremendously hard to please. He has upstanding character, and has a lot of experience. He remembered our conversations from the last haircut. For the first time ever, I gave a photo of what I wanted, and it was delivered *exactly* like the photo! I am highly pleased with my experience here, and will never go anywhere else! (Additionally, I love the complimentary scalp massage). Today I wore my fanciest shoes to get shined. (My first shoe shine by anyone else). It was a wonderful experience! The fellow didn't give his name, but he did a real fine job! My shoes look brand new! From my vantage point, I could see the sidewalk. I saw the fellow that had gone in front of me walk down the street. I admired his shoes, and saw that other people walking also noticed them. Go to Gentleman Joes! Just be prepared to spend about 45 minutes, because it's not a fast place, it's like a Gentleman's spa! They offer complimentary drinks (water, and about 5 varieties of soda) , free neck shave with every haircut, and a complimentary scalp massage! The haircuts are $18-20 dollars (fade and "razor cut" whatever that is, is most expensive), shoe shine is $5. Their prices are clearly laid out on the website.GO! Seriously, this is *THE *place to get your manly hair cut!They do shaves as well, I'm getting closer and closer to getting the whole package (haircut, shoes shined, shave, facial). I will report back when I get it. :)Until then, visit my new hair guy, Ernesto. :)
5	For 18 dollars they do a phenomenal haircut, which includes a neck shave and massage. Crazy right? I always feel guilty and over tip. Best barber shop in downtown Phoenix.
5	This is my first review on Yelp ever actually, but I had to write one. I was looking for a barbershop nearby where I live and I happened to stumble across this place. Many times I have gone to other places and ended up hating the haircut that they gave me, but not here. This place is amazing and for once I am completely satisfied with my haircut. I will definitely be going back there in the future and would recommend it to anyone else I know as well. This place has great service and a great atmosphere.
4	Great service, well worth the price.  Amazing attention to detail.  They really treat you well here!
5	I am visiting from out of town, asked the concierge of the hotel where I can get a quick trim, he told me about Gentleman Joes.  Each seat has a tv watching ESPN... Free drinks for the clients - got an awesome  cut, good conversation - can't ask for much more...  Definitely will come back next time I am in town....
5	Definitely the best cut downtown. I'm very picky with my haircuts, so much so that I've started cutting my own hair. However, I felt like trying them out.I went at lunch on a Friday and only had to wait a few minutes before a barber finished up and got to work on me. He did exactly as I asked, great attention to detail. The shampoo left a bit to be desired. Still, its not a Salon so I guess I should have known. All in all I am very pleased with the cut and will be going back. Looking forward to trying a shine next time as well.
