5	Dr. Tanja Katz of the Spay Neuter Clinic is genius...Pure unadulterated genius...How is it that her spay clinic rates so high, you ask? Well, there is a story and it goes like this..I called up and got an appointment to get my cat neutered. Quoted me prices, told me ahead of time about any additional costs and educated me about the Maricopa County's spay program - free by the way. Prices were extremely reasonable. So, armed with an early morning appt. -7am- me and the Maxmeister show up along with about 25 other pet owners for their 7am showing. I was a little worried, with the 10 dogs running around in diapers and people in a general state of panic with their over excited pets. Never fear, Spay Neuter had a system and the system works. I was called almost immediately after filling out info on Max's vitals and met not with the tech, not with the assistant, but the vet at a spay neuter clinic! AWESOME - I don't even get the doctor at my own medical office! The clinic room is spotless, the staff friendly and no one is fazed by the 30 plus animals on the other side of the clinic door. So, here comes the genius part... turns out Max is already spayed! No I don't think Dr. Katz is brilliant for figuring out that detail, I am giving her big props bcz she took a real interest in why I brought my pet in. She spent quality time with me and helped try to solve his behavior problem that I thought was being caused by his boy parts and turns out its all in Max's head, which Dr. Katz had solution for!  Thank you Dr. Katz and Max, though still as inbred and simple as when I brought him in, thanks you too!
5	I've taken both of my dogs in to get spayed and shots. The spay scars are so small that our regular vets office didn't believe that I had them spayed. I actually had to show them the paper work to prove it, so I could get the cheaper rate for their state tags. The scars look like a small embilical scar. The care in the office was wonderful. On Monday, I'm taking my kitten there on to be spayed.I totally trust them!!! They are professional and answered every one of my questions. Once I got to go in the back with my pet, they made me feel special and treated me like I was their only patient.I 100% recomend this clinic!!!
5	Dr. Koehn and her staff are EXCELLENT!! It was easy to call them up and set an appointment and reschedule without any problems or major delays.  They are first come and first served, so come early, I checked in at 6:46am and was already fourth in line. They are professional and compassionate and took the time to reassure me that everything will be ok, and it was.  I picked up my 6.5 month old female cat from her spay surgery with the expectation of her wanting to be babied, and she pretty much shoved me out of the way to get on with her happy little life.  I had to look for her incision and whatever pain meds they gave her, it was some good stuff!!  Thank you Dr. Koehn and Staff, you've made me a very happy cat mom : )
4	It's not a regular veterinary office but I am grateful for these clinics. The staff is courteous and often busting their rears trying to manage all the clients and still seem to show that they care very much about the animals. I came in with a stray that had a biting issue and they still accommodated us and got him through his tests and vaccines and at a later date, his booster and neuter. The scheduling is very flexible and I'm glad I had a place to take my little hellion without spending an arm and a leg. We've kept the bitey cat.
2	Dr. Koehn is fabulous.  She is clearly a very skilled and caring veterinarian.  Unfortunately, however, her staff is a wreck.  There is high turnover in the staff which is often a sign of a not well-run office.  There are also several very young and very unprofessional staff, and a tendency of the staff to pool around in the waiting room chatting with one another rather than attending to clients.  On one occasion I took a cat in to be spayed.  The vet tech roughly dragged the cat out of the carrier by her scruff rather than waiting for me to pop off the top.  The cat was shaken by the rough handling, and I was annoyed.  That tech had the good graces to call me later that day and apologize for her treatment of the animal.  I thanked her for the apology.  She's no longer at that clinic that I have seen.  Today I went to the clinic for another spay, having had to reschedule because the cat was sick.  I had called and made an appointment for a Friday morning when my daughter was out of town so I wouldn't need to take her to school, therefore giving me more time to deal with the vet visit.  When I arrived, the staff did not have my appointment.  Rather than saying, oh there must have been a mix-up, let me see how we can help you, the "receptionist" (using the term loosely) told me, in front of the rest of the waiting clients, that I "didn't have an appointment and would have to wait until everyone else was checked in.  I asked whether she was taking me in the order I arrived or putting me at the very end, and told her that I did have an appointment specifically on this date because of my daughter being out of town.  She said "in the order I arrived."  After waiting for 1.5 hours, I asked whether I was next. The same person (skinny, short brunette with glasses) said "the doctor came out and changed some papers around so you were next but now there are 2 in front of you."  That wasn't true as the doctor had not been out changing papers around at all.  So I said to her give me my paperwork back, and then I advised her that I had worked in offices for over a decade and that such treatment of a client would NEVER have happened in the offices where I worked.  She gave me her ridiculous little eye roll, but still no apology or how can we make it up to you.  Best of luck to her in her future career; she will need it.  As for Dr. Koehn, my advise to her is learn to manage an office.  As a further example:  I took a cat in for a rescue/501(c)3 group once.  The charges for the pain medication for this clinic were more than at the other Spay-Neuter Clinics, and the rescue group assumed incorrectly that the amounts would be the same as at other clinics.  Unfortunately, because of that assumption, the rescue didn't have enough money in their account to cover the charges and they ended up with a bounced check.  Dr. Koehn's staff flat out REFUSED to work with this non-profit animal rescue in terms of ameliorating its financial damages.  So much for benefiting animals.
5	Cat got neutered. Was some confusion on the appointment - they wanted me to have a carrier and I didn't have one. So I dropped the cat off and went and got one, but never really checked the cat in. LOL. Checked cat in when I came back with carrier. Good price and healed great.
5	Dr. Sara Koehn is simply AWESOME!!!!!! Spay Neuter Clinic is really the best in the world!!!!  (Please excuse me for my over-excitement here :p)My kitten Noel was brought here first for the FVRCP shot, and later for the spay surgery. I was very worried about Noel because I brought her to Petsmart and another vet before to get shots and she had very serious reactions after each shot: vomiting, high fever, lethargy for two whole days...so I was very, very worried about giving her shots again, not to mention having her spayed!!My friend recommended Spay Neuter Clinic to me (though the one he went to was the one in Mesa), saying the service is excellent and the price is really really low. I was skeptical and didn't listen to him at first, but thought that I might give it a try, just for the shot first.At first I didn't know I have to make an appointment (my friend said they didn't need appointments before), so I waited until my kitten's 3rd FVRCP booster shot was going to due and called to confirm about the price and office hours, and they said they were actually fully booked at that time until two weeks later!!! :( "Noooooooooooo!" I screamed in my heart and was about to hang up the phone, the receptionist suddenly told me maybe they can squeeze Noel in for the shot as it was going to due the day after!! Thank God!!! I was really happy that although they're extremely busy, they were still able to do that for me :)Dr. Koehn was very nice and took the time to talk with me and answer my questions about sarcoma and what kind of vaccines they use (dead virus) during my visit, in spite of their hectic schedule. You can see from her big smile that she really cares and gives you the peace of mind. She gave Noel something before the shot to minimize the chance of getting serious reactions again. The shot went ok with Noel having just a light fever and not as lethargic as before, but she did have swelling on the face and body this time (maybe she had that previously as well, but she was under the bed whole time previously so not sure)!!! I was really worried again and called them the next morning. The tech told me to give her children Benadryl but I ended up just gave her Lysine that I have at home, because I didn't want to give her human medicine.So, when the time came to bring her to the spay surgery, I was EXTREMELY worried!!!!! It seems that my kitten Noel is extremely vulnerable to shots and stuff, and I was reaaaaaaally worried about any severe reaction she could get from anaesthesia :((( The morning that I brought her to the clinic (around 8), I was so sad and thought I'd prefer myself to take the pain instead of her, and couldn't help crying before Dr. Koehn and the techs (I know it might sound silly). Dr. Koehn and her techs very caringly assured me they will take care of Noel like one of their own, and she's gonna be fine! The incision will be very, very tiny, and she should be up and running in no time :) Also Dr. Koehn also comforted me about the allergic reaction part and wrote down on her chart that she'll need extra antihistamine next time for shots. Their words and warm smiles comforted me and I felt that Noel's in good hands.One hour later I got a phone call from Dr. Koehn herself, saying that Noel did very well in the surgery and was ready for us to pick up already!! You can see how she cares about the pet and the owner by calling by herself!!! But I was at work and also wanted to let her stay there for awhile and see if anything should happen, Dr. Koehn will be there for her. After work at around 3 - 4 pm, we picked up Noel from the clinic, and she looked like nothing had happened!! When she's home, she ate and ran around like normal, which didn't look like some kitten who just had a huge surgery!! I in turn worried that her organs inside might fall out when she runs and jumps like that!! However, the incision was indeed very, very tiny, to the point that it looked like one of her tiny nipples, haha :D (I'll attach a picture of her incision. I wish someone could have done that already so that I wouldn't be that worried :D) I didn't know how medically advanced our country is until now!!! :D I saw pictures of a very long incision like those black long bugs just a month or so ago from the My365 community in Japan, which was something that added to my worries (  ) Anyway, she finally looked a little sleepy for half an hour, and was back to normal again ever since!!!!! No allergic reactions, no side effects, nothing bad at all!!! It's been 2 months after her spay surgery, and everything's been fine!!! Her fur had grown back in a month and it really feels like nothing happened to her :))))) Thank you so much, Dr. Koehn and your staff!!!!!!! You guys are the best!!!!!!!! Oh, did I mention it only cost $47 for a cat spay? ;-) plus pain med, just $62, didn't even need to pay seperate taxes!!
1	I dropped my dog off at the clinic today at 7:30 and when I called them at 230 to see how he made it through surgery, they hedged and told me he was doing fine.  I told them I wanted to know how the surgery went and only then did they tell me that he had not gone into surgery yet.  THEY LEFT HIM IN A CAGE FOR 7 HOURS!!!  I told them not to touch my dog, and I went and picked him up.  When I was there at 7:30 there were only 2 dogs ahead of me.  The vet had the nerve to tell me that its a 1st come 1st serve which is when I reminded her that there were only 2 dogs there that morning.  Not only was I mislead about the surgery, but I can't get passed them leaving my poor dog in a cage for 7 hours!  I guess you get what you pay for - what a lesson I learned today!!!!!!!
2	Remember that you get what you pay for.  After a bad experience here, I can say that I would never go back for another spay or neuter surgery.  The shots are fine, but I'll leave surgery to the animal hospitals.
5	Sarah and Joey were unbelievably wonderful! They both made me and my beautiful puppy feel comfortable and well taken care of. I truly appreciate them both! Many many thank you's!! :) :)
2	Just going to say the people at the front desk need an attitude check. Customer service was super shitty nothing but attitude. The doctor was awesome though he just needs to hire new people to work the front desk that want to work here.  They need to put more fans in the front lobby and fix the ac In The lobby.  They should probably start doing prescreening to animals so they don't wait an hour or more to tell them sorry your animal is sick and cannot get shots today.  Saying get on the scale for your weight check with attitude is not prescreening.
5	I have brought all 3 of my pooches here for the last 2 years.  First off they are the nicest people and real pet lovers.  Second, the place is very clean.  3rd, the prices cannot be beat.  Shots typically tun about 20 dollars compared to 50 or 60 at the vet.  the only problem is the waiting room is not real big and it fills up very quickly.  I show up about 15 minutes before it opens and im usually seen within 30 minutes.
5	I can't say enough about Spay and Neuter Clinic of Chandler.  Wonderful experience.  I loved the staff and the services were great.  Facility was spotless and they treated my dog very well.  Highly recommend to anyone wanting good service at a great price.  I was amazed.
