3	First time I've been to a Mr. Goodcents...it was an okay experience, I like that they slice your meat when you order, but as far as taste/quality goes they are not much different from Subway.
3	5 dollar footlongs live here as well.Got a turkey footlong.  They have so many people working behind that counter that they'll start asking you what you want when you're 10 feet away from the counter.  But that's okay because the lunch lines can be long.  (Although I really don't feel like shouting out my order across the room)Sandwich was not bad, although a tad salty as I was really thirsty the rest of the afternoon.  Nothing to generate more than 3 stars, though.
4	I've been patronizing this recently opened Mr. Goodcents for the last couple weeks now, and I find myself really enjoying their Penny Club (I opt to add some bacon) sandwich. The sandwich, while not necessarily on par with something that you'd get from, say, Dilly's Deli, but I feel that it is definitely a step or two above the garbage they serve at Subway. The quality of the meats is an improvement, and as mentioned previously, I like the fact that it's sliced fresh in front of me instead of  peeled off a stack that's been overprocessed and probably full of all sorts of nasty preservatives and chemicals. I've also tried the pasta (chicken fettucini alfredo and chicken parmesan), which is passable but nothing to write home about, and the garlic bread was pretty disappointing. Their chocolate chip cookies, on the other hand, redeemed them after the weak garlic bread experience.
3	Mr Goodcents is a decent, edible sub. Nothing special, but also not as bad as Subway. The cheese sub is actually pretty good...your choice of three cheeses with toppings. I recommend trying the chipotle ranch dressing.The bread is decent and the service is pretty speedy.
3	Awesome hot subs and pasta the cold subs are good but not great
1	I work RIGHT by this place and went all the time. Will not be returning due to the poor customer service. One employee was talking to the guy in front of me about parties and hooking him up with a job. I definitely will NOT be going back there and spreading the word.
1	Ok, I know, during the hiring process I am sure there is a very limited number of doctors, engineers, or rocket scientists applying, but seriously, do I need to draw you a diagram of what a sandwich with no meat and no onions looks like cause it shouldn't be that hard.
3	I came here with my girlfriend right before a preseason Angels game.  Needed to get some food in us because we were starving.The place was clean like a franchise type of place usually is.  The sandwich was good and the lady helping us was very friendly and kinda funny.  Far better experience than hitting up ANY Subway.    I would go again and probably will next year before another preseason game.
3	I must say I was pleasantly surprised with this establishment. I had the 4 Quarter Penny Sub on wheat and a small Broccoli and Cheese Soup. The Sub tasted very fresh and the bread was moist. The soup was okay but better than expected for a sub joint. The lunch rush is crazy, I would recommend going after 2pm if possible. I don't like how there assembly line is ran, the line goes slow but for some reason it feels rushed "shrugs". Also I don't like how can't see the toppings until they are already on the sub. I want to know if I'm getting bum veggies before I take my first bite (although this was not a problem today, you never know when it will be). Will I give them another try? Sure.
3	Good tasting subs, but my major complaint is the ordering process. First off, unlike Quiznos or Subway you can't see the sub they are working on OR the ingredients laid out in front of you. So as you pass it down the line, you don't know where your sub is. Then to make it more confusing, they don't prepare the sub in the order that you are standing in line... so the employee may be asking YOU about the toppings for the sub that the person BEHIND you ordered. Not sure why they can't figure this out. Just needlessly annoying.
4	LOVE!They have the softest bread! Great quality meats, and awesome specials. The crew here is fast and friendly. Love this place.
5	Some people have been giving this place bad reviews and I just can't see how!Here's the truth.. First off its just flat out a great deal! For the price, you're not going to find a better sandwich. On a side by side comparison, their sandwiches blow any other sandwich place out of the water! The place is clean and the people are nice. I've never gone in there without being greeted by one of the staff or the manager. Being greeted every time you walk it doesn't sound like much, but it's a nice touch. Oh and did I mention the food is awesome! ;-) Anyone who says different is probably just to picky to appreciate Mr. Goodcents simplistic appeal. If you want a great tasting sandwich for a really good deal, you can't go wrong with this place!
5	Huge subs, super soft bread and meat shaved fresh to order. I got a $5 footlong (looked like a 16") Hickory Smoked Turkey sub which was delicious! My husband got the 16" (looked like a 20") Penney Club loaded with fresh meats and veggies...he devoured it! We love this place!!!
4	There's many places to get a sandwich and a select few that slice the meat fresh like Goodcents. Great eats and they have a great loyalty program where you buy 9 and get 1 free.My favorite is either the Penny club or Italian.
2	I have loved Goodcents since I started going at the age of about 16-17 years old. I am now 26. In the 10 years that I have been a customer, I have NEVER been so annoyed than I was today with the service that I received. I have ordered delivery multiple times from this location and today was the worst service I have experienced. I ordered my lunch at 12:12pm on-line, and I have done this in the past, a few times. I did not receive my lunch until 1:30pm and the location of my work is less than 5 minutes from Goodcents. I would have driven myself, except I did not have my car today and it is too far of a walk from my job in 30 minutes. When it finally got to me, the outside of the bag was covered in mustard fingerprints, which was gross. Because I was starving and couldn't wait to eat my sandwich, I was able to disregard the lateness on my order and the messy bag, until I sat down to eat. First, I had asked for a side of vinegar. which I did not receive. The sandwich wrapping was drenched in mustard, I couldn't use it to eat off of because it was getting all over the table. When I saw my sandwich, it was like someone had literally threw ingredients at the bread and then put the top on. Everything was slid off the bottom part of the sub with the top piece beside it and there was mustard everywhere. I wish I could send you a picture of what my fingers looked like. As I started eating (not to mention, looking like a complete cow while doing it because the food was everywhere), I noticed there were no jalapenos or onions like I'd asked for. I'm not usually one to complain or go out of my way to write a complaint, but I was so disappointed and annoyed that I felt like it was worth the extra five minutes of my time to tell you guys. I can't say that I'll never eat Goodcents again, because I will, but I will definitely NOT be ordering from this location again.
4	I eat here regularly at work. Of all the sub shops, I think this place is toward the top of the list for food, and definitely top for service most of the time.  They put a lot of meat on the sandwiches, veggies are fresh and the staff is pretty regular and very friendly.  As for value, I'd say this is one of the best, blowing away the other larger chains.
