5	Just got my neck and back done. Staff is awesome! Professional and friendly. Treatment is way simple and, to me, painless. If your like me, and have always wanted your neck permenatly cleaned, this is the spot for you!
4	Disclaimer: This is the only laser hair removal salon I have ever been to...With that said, this place is great. They are very professional and the place is spotless.There is not much pain at all. They get things done quickly which I appreciate since I am in a very compromising position...My only complaint is that every time I have an appointment I end up waiting about 15 past my scheduled time before I am called into a room. Looking forward to the new hair-free me!
5	Had an appt yesterday for spa week and was very impressed by the awesome staff and wonderful medical professional that did my photofacial.They were knowledgeable,friendly and on time.The center was clean and relaxing.Definitely a superior center.
1	Horrible.  I went in for fillers under my eyes, my lips and smile lines.  Also botox and thermage.  My eyes and lips look worse than before.  Actually want my eyes undone if that possible.  It took months for the swelling and bruising to go away. Had to go back 3 times to get the botox right.  They told me after I did thermage that it only lasts 9 months, before I had it done they said it lasts 3-5 years!!!  Big difference.  Dont go here
5	Thank you Brielle Block  and staff  at Laseraway for your advise , knowledge of your products and caring! Brielle and the staff helped me to choose the procedure that would give me the best results for my budget I received the most awsome care and "Thermage "treatment at Laseraway.  The office was clean the staff was caring and attentive.   The entire experience was professional, The office is modern and in an upscale neighborhood .I knew it was going to be a little painful but the staff while treating me kept asking if I was okay.. Thermage is a little painful but no so much as I had been reading on the internet.  after doing some research I found out the new  tips used for the procedure are important for patient comfort.  They used  the latest technology and tips to administer the procedure .  I went to work the next day. I can already see the results in my chin and my face looks fresh!  I will d be back  for other treatmentsThank you
5	Laseraway did a beautiful job using Restylane on my lips and Botox on my forehead.    Brielle answered all of my questionsMade recommendations and scheduled me.  While there I met Brock one of the owners.  Brock is a very caring person.  He asked me if his staff including  Doctor  Anthony Adamire  made me feel comfortable  and  explained everything to me before the procedures.    YES!   He asked me if i was happy and  he thanked me for coming in.  I was sent home with ice packs and instructions.  The lip Injections start out a little painful but then as the Restylane is administered the pain dimishes .  I left there amazed at the instant effects of the Restylane .!  WOW  Today my lips are a little swollen and  I have mild pain.  The Botox I was told will take effect in 5 days.  My lips are suppose to  be less swollen by next week.  I am very happy with the results and the professional services I have  received here at Laseraway. Thank you...I will be back.  Not sure what's next but there will be more treatments.
5	Equipment is new and up to date. Staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. Frequent specials going on. They are also very flexible with scheduling, which is much appreciated due to my crazy schedule. I never have to wait long. But if I do have to wait a little bit I don't mind because I know I can expect to get the same unhurried care that the previous client received.
1	I am very disappointed with my results. I chose laser away because they offered the hairline area, and yes also because this is where kim kardashian got her hairline lasered off and it looks great. Most if not all of the other places I looked into didn't even offer that area on their menu of services. I had no help in shaving and shaping my hairline. I was told to show up shaved. I had a widows peak and thick baby hairs with dark peach fuzz down my forehead. My baby hairs from the widows peak extended almost to the middle of my forehead. On my first appointment the tech said they don't get a lot of hairline areas and said she had never done one before! I explained to her where my hair used to be prior to shaving and what line to follow. The problem is that I got a different tech almost everytime I went. A hair line isn't like a leg or arm, it's precise and needs to be done the same each time for a straight line. At least as close to a straight line as can be because the lasers are circular. All of The techs were  hesitant and asking me the questions. The results: one tech went too far into my hairline so now I have like a bald spot in my hairline. Its in The shape of a half circle. It's been over 6 weeks since my last treatment of 8 sessions and I have hair growing back in the middle of my forehead. There's my hairline which is growing back horribly considering they went too far into my actual hair so u can imagine its like u shaved into your hair and its growing back sticking straight up in the air until its long enough to lay down with the rest. There is that, then it's pretty much hairless until right about 2 inches down onto my forehead, hair is growing because all the different techs didn't go far enough down. I  had my side burns done. Again no help in shaping and they didn't go down enough on my jaw line. After 7 sessions of that I have about 40% reduction. I have one more session left but honestly I'm not even going to bother using it. One more isn't going to make much of a difference.I had my under arms done with about 50% reduction after 6 sessions.I purchased the back of my neck about half way through these other areas. My first appointment for that and the tech is not confident in the area. I had to ask for help shaving because I can not see or reach. she had no clue as to what to do. The techs should know what their definiton of the back of the neck is and how it should be done. It's a total waste of money for this area. Overall I feel ripped off. I think they start you off so low on the lasers so you have to purchase more. I had my upper lip done 11 years ago and I have no more than 5 stray hairs that come back from time to time. And that's after having a baby and being on many different birth controls. That alone tells me a lot. I'm also a perfect candidate for this with fair skin and dark hair. The techs are nice but clueless in certain areas and shouldn't be doing an area they have no knowledge on.
5	I just had my first treatment for botox at LaserAway. Everything was great! The staff was very accommodating and professional. The store was very clean and well decorated. I would recommend coming here for injectables and laser hair removal! The only down fall was that it is located in the Scottsdale Quarter, which is busy with holiday shoppers this time of year.
5	The place is super clean and looks really nice/new. When I walked in I was greeted, filled out a quick info sheet, and they took me back. The girls were friendly and asked if I had any questions.I was in for tattoo removal, during the process she made sure I was comfortable and told me to let her know if I needed a break. There was also a TV in the room which kept my mind off of the laser (not too painful with the cold air blowing). The prices are also very reasonable.Can't wait to go back for more sessions and get this tattoo off! :)Thank you LaserAway!
5	Excellent place!, I highly recommend. Very nice people, great treatments. Love them!
5	I went to the San Diego location and the Scottsdale location and both were clean, coutious staff and fast service..I got my bikini area and underarms done! Thanks Laser Away !! :)
5	Received services in both LA and Scottsdale - love!!
5	Laseraway was an amazing experience. Very professional, very clean! Great customer service! Very accommodating with your schedule! And results like you wouldn't believe!! I can't wait to go back!
5	I would definitely recommend! I'm currently getting tattoo removal. Very kind staff and reasonably priced
5	Awesome service! The front office staff is always very friendly and welcoming! Kristin is a great laser technician!
5	I have had only good experiences at LaserAway! I purchased my services on Groupon and got a huge deal! The girl there are super friendly and never look at me like I'm asking a crazy question. I like that they are never running late, and almost always offer you a water bottle when you arrive. I highly recommend LaserAway Scottsdale!!
4	Laseraway is amazing! As a woman with permanently tanned skin, I was ecstatic to find a laser place that knows what they are doing! I have had amazing results!!! The only reason this is not a 5 star review is that at times the technicians rush through the treatments without marking the area and spots are missed. Other than that, they are great!
5	I love the staff and they make my experience with tattoo removal as pleasant as possible! My tattoo is almost gone after only 5 treatments! This is a wonderful environment with a friendly staff that wants to help! I will definitely be booking more treatments with laser away; maybe laser hair removal next!
5	I LOVE Laser Away!!!  The staff is SUPER friendly, and extremely knowledgable. It was well worth the drive!!!  I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone!!!
4	Laser Away is very professional. I have used their hair removal system and it has worked great so far. The only thing that they could change is price. Compared to other hair laser removal companies, they seem to be the most expensive.
5	For now I am giving this place 5 stars! Today I had a consultation for a tattoo removal (my tattoo is 9 square inches and black), and they were able to start my first treatment today. They were able to work out a payment plan with me, which was relieving. I've done a lot of research on shops, and this seemed like one of the top ones. I drove 2 hours from Tucson just for the consultation, and I feel like it was worth it. I also was extremely nervous to have the procedure done, but both women in the shop were welcoming and comforting. Great customer service! I paid for 6 treatments, and will definitely post my results later one.
5	The staff here is knowledgeable and friendly. Atmosphere is welcoming and the store is attractive. I have visited Laser Away many times and I will be back again for sure.
5	The staff is friendly and accommodating and the laser treatments are fast and effective. The office is beautiful and clean. 5 stars!
5	Great prices, friendly staff. Best part is that it's easy to get scheduled in for an appointment, even last minute. The last laser place I used had to be scheduled months in advance.
5	I absolutely adore the a staff at LaserAway!  Everyone I so friendly and knowledgable.  It's never the most comfortable experience getting a Brazilian laser hair removal, the staff is great at making you feel as comfortable as possible.  Everything is done quickly and with expert precision :) The staff also alerts you about laser hair removal specials. Clear and brilliant specials, ect.  The salon is beautiful and always exquisitely maintained.  I am a firm believer in the phrase "You get what you pay for," and at LaserAway you get all that and more. It's a great salon and I'm so happy I randomly stumbled in one day.  I'll never go anywhere else.
4	LaserAway at Scottsdale Quarter has good customer service and a friendly staff. I was attending for tattoo removal.  I only wish they had a better discount to offer to returning customers needing to complete their service with additional appointments. Instead they just have a set price log. Perhaps that is something they could work on in the future to keep the returning customer from going to a competitor. Other than that LaserAway at Scottsdale Quarter knows their stuff and staff is friendly as well as good at explaining procedure and answering all questions.
5	This is a terrific establishment! They are very professional and prompt getting you in and out for your procedures.
1	3 members of our family have had a few laser hair removal treatment over the past year and have been somewhat satisfied.  We still need to go back for touch ups after spending $1,000 each.  I'm most troubled by my teenage daughter's last touch up treatment for facial hair.  They severely burned her face, and still called afterward asking if she'd like to buy another package to have another area done.  I'm a bit worried about going this to location in the future, they do seem to have a lot of churn and you don't often see the same technician.
4	The concierge is always so nice and polite. The staff is great and they answer all the questions you might have. One thing I don't like is that no matter what time I get there I always have to wait. Always.
1	A year ago my son purchased a "Black Card" and was told it cost $5,000 and his tattoo removal would cost about $2500.  So he could have another $2500 to spend on anything else he wanted in the future.  Now the scottsdale office and their corporate office is telling me something completely different.  My son has had 8 laser sessions and the tattoo (which was only black) is lighter but not nearly gone.  Laser Away is now telling us that he is out of money and needs to buy another package.  They have charged him already $4,700 and he still has a tattoo.  And when I asked to see a contract, because I assumed there would be a contract with that kind of money being charged, corporate office says they don't have contracts.  WHAT!  Not a smart way to run a business.  I have used the services at the scottsdale quarter, as well as my daughter and I have been disappointed.  We will not be spending another penny there.  They also have a hard time keeping technicians.  That should say something.
4	Very clean and friendly.  Made my first laser hair removal experience amazing!
4	I bought myself a Groupon for my entire legs as a present to myself last Christmas.  I haven't quite completed all of the 6 treatments I purchased, but I have enough experience with the place that I can now review it.For starters, they use the type of laser machine that never touches your skin, which is a BIG plus for me.  My friend got laser treatments at a different place with a type of machine that touches your skin and she actually caught a skin virus from it, yuck.Secondly, I've always had positive, friendly interactions with the ladies who work there - from the receptionists to the technicians.Third, they are very careful to not use the laser on you if you've recently been exposed to sun and they warn you not to go into the sun after treatment.  This prevents any adverse reaction or hyperpigmentation.  And the sun seriously does affect you afterwards!  Just walking from the place to my car and I could feel my legs start burning from the sun exposure.Most importantly - the laser treatments really work!  After my 3rd treatment I started to notice a significant decrease in hair.  And I could go a lot longer between days when I had to shave my legs.  The only thing to note is that when you buy a Groupon, it will typically include 6 treatments.  And for most people that's not enough.  I expect that I will need 8 treatments to have completely smooth legs.  And those treatments without a Groupon are pricey!  Even with their "special deal" they gave me, it still ended up being $200/session for the extra sessions I need.*one "trick" I just thought of is that maybe you can buy a Groupon for the Scottsdale location and then buy a Groupon for the Biltmore location?  it might work... keep it in mind...the only cons that I will note are that sometimes they are busy and running behind.  I've had to wait up to 40 min for my appt before.  also, sometimes the technicians are rushed, so it seems like they aren't as thorough with the laser as at other times.  for example, they are supposed to mark your leg into quadarants with chalk to help keep track of which sections have been lasered and which haven't.  well, sometimes when they are in a rush they don't bother to do that and I feel like they maybe miss spots.oh and as for the pain, it's very little (at least for me).  on a scale of 1-10, most of the time it feels like a 1, but for some particular areas (like around the ankles) it can feel up to a 3.  but that does not last long.I would recommend this place, esp. w/ a Groupon!  do it, you won't regret it.
