4	I like the food here - it's a fast chinese lunch place so, don't expect the best Chinese food.  That said, it is good, prices are very reasonable, and I have had good experience with the seafood dishes - generous with shrimp.  The servings are very large - two lunches even for a big appetite.  Crab Rangoons are a particularly nice treat.
4	Great value and taste. Daily specials are amazing and practically feed the whole family. Do yourself a favor and get an extra order of eggrolls. They're my favorite in Madison.
3	Great dinner specials (choice of three different dinners for $6 when I went). You get a lot for your value. Food wasn't too bad either. Worth checking out if you live nearby.
2	I realize this is carryout Chinese and my rating reflects this understanding.  Went in today for lunch while I waited in line for Charter Communication next door.  I ordered the Kung Bo Chicken with Fried Rice (the special of the day) and a Pork Egg roll.Overall, there was nothing offensive about it, there simply wasn't any flavor to the Kung Bo Chicken with Fried Rice.  For something that is so unhealthy for you (ala Carry Out Chinese), I expect it to at least be flavorful.  Unfortunately, it was just incredibly bland and boring.  I did my best to kick it up a notch with hot chili sauce, I even added some soy, which I never do.  In the end, it just wasn't great.  The egg roll was fine, nothing really to write home about and nothing to really complain about either.Not taking into account flavor, value was actually high.  It was the lunch special and was $4.35 for the chicken with fried rice and $1.20 for an egg roll.  Total price was like $5.60 or so.  Quantity was very good as well.  I actually only ate half of the meal, which was probably a combination of quantity and lack of excitement on my part.I'll skip Chang Jiang next time around, there are much better carryout Chinese locations out there.
3	Family enjoyed the food quite a bit especially the sweet and sour chicken.
2	One word.....Meh.  This is a place to go if you really don't care how good the food is and you are dying for msg.  I would call it cheap Chinese, but the word cheap is not entirely accurate. The food is moderately priced, and what we ordered lacked flavor and was rather plain.  The plus side is they are fast and have a big selection of typical American Chinese favorites.
3	Yep- It's close by my home when I am too lazy to cook.  Yep-I never have to wait long after placing my order.  Yep-I like to feel guilty after eating a metric ton on General Tso's chicken (extra spicy).This place "is what it is".  The food won't blow you away but it definitely will help satiate your Chinese take-out addiction for at least a month or two.One piece of advice.  They usually put in a free mega container of some sort of wonton soup.  To this day, I have no idea what the wontons are stuffed with.  Caveat Edax
1	Average americanised Chinese.   My girlfriend and I have ordered take out numerous times.   This last time we both ordered the sesame chicken dinner special with an egg roll.   After about 8 hrs we both became violently ill.   I have had diagnosed food poisoning before and this was it.   My guess would be the egg rolls.   Again this was an isolated incident, but we will not be eating here again.
4	As far as Americanized Chinese goes (neon sauces and gigantic portions of food and MSG), I think this place is excellent. Obviously it's not grade A in appearances or uniqueness but the flavor and quantity is there for a great price. Really, really fast service, and it is crave able. Definitely a solid "on my way home and don't want to cook" option.
3	Chang Jiang is good, solid Americanized Chinese food. It's not the best Chinese take out I've had, but it works.
3	Can't say I was overly impressed.  The food is OK, the servings are large and prices are cheap but the food is bland. Boring.
