4	I went to Bentley's Coffee because they are the new kid on the block on the way to my work. Bentley's has taken over the spot once occupied by Java Detour. There is no other coffee shop on that street except for a sad Dunkin Donuts. The store was very clean and I was greeted right when I walked in. They have SHAG art on the wall which is very cool! They have a nice menu and it appears the menu prices include tax which is awesome.I am boring so I got a black iced tea which is yummy, and 16 oz for 2.00 is not bad at all!The guy working gave me a coupon for my next visit and it appears they do face to face drive through orders!I'll be back!
4	Dropped in today while running errands after seeing their $2 tuesdays advertisement. They're going for an edgier attitude than Starbuck's with sleek, modern styling and tattoo-design-inspired graphics. The decor inside is pleasant while minimal, with black leather seats, wood tables and prints along the walls. I could see hanging out here for a quiet afternoon out sometime. The barista was friendly, chatty and my drink was ready really quick. I opted for the 16oz Kahlua & Cream [described on their website; "classic sweet espresso drink, made with delectable irish cream"].  The drink itself had a nice espresso flavor with a really strong, sweet irish cream taste. For an extra 50 cents you can upgrade your dose of espresso by 2 shots and get the E.M.T, which is a good deal. They also have a drive through available, which I may take advantage of on my way to work. I appreciate having another option for my caffiene fix close to my home. Next time I go, I'll get something a lot less sugary, though. Or, being an energy drink addict, I might have to try their Monster Energy smoothie, because that sounds awesome! Or the Americano. Their drinks aren't comparable  to Seattle coffee shop brewtopia, but it's not a bad find for Vegas. I'll pop in again. :}+ On their website they offer a treat for bringing your pup in. I'm not sure if there's a size cut off, so I'd be careful about that. But it's a nice offer, and the shop is supposedly named after the owner's dog!
4	Went here last night on the way home b/c I still had work to do. The girl working was so sweet as I could not get my laptop to stay connected to the Internet so she kindly let me use hers for a few minutes, its a great little place. The pastries leave a little to be desired but the hot chocolate is still great!
2	Got a Irish coffee over the weekend with a friend. Nice decor and very laid atmosphere. Was not impressed with having to wait at the counter while she said "one moment",,, ummm shouldn't you drop whatever you are doing and help your customers? I wouldn't have ordered anything if I had noticed the "Grade C" inspection rating earlier.
4	Let's face it I'm biased... and on a few different fronts to boot. This new location is a 5 minute walk from my place so I'm eager to promote its success. And secondly, my first and third jobs were at independently owned coffee houses in Southern California that were pushed out by the big juggernaut shops that litter cities across the world. In most every other country you'll find "cafes" that serve everything from lattes to cocktails. But our fair city has succumb to the the same uniform mentality that limits our horizon on unique caffeine experiences. So, I'm happy to see a coffee house with independent owners, friendly baristas and good affordable drinks. With that out of the way you must realize that this shop has its shortcomings. I'd suggest smaller pastries at the same price; the owner(s) could both source a wider variety of offerings, and make a more substantial profit. Also, I don't mind waiting a little longer for uniformly made drinks -- on one occasion (and only one) my latte was rushed and came barely warm. But that can happen anywhere. For consistent quality I'm willing to wait though, and I'd estimate that the other patrons would too.So back to today. Bentley's has taken out their warpaint! Not only have their prices undercut the competition by half sometimes, Bentley's has been running a $2 Tuesday promotion that has lots to offer. And the drumbeat escalates... Starting February 1st they'll be offering $2 drinks every day!!!So if you're in the University/Midtown neighborhood, I urge you to try their coffees, teas or smoothies. Not only will you be supporting a locally owned business and the employees that rely on it, but you'll save some cash and offer your palette a change of pace.
4	Stopped in here early in the am on the way to a hair appointment. I was in a rush and needed a coffee rush quick but there was no Starbucks in sight.I have to admit I was a bit worried as I made it through the drive thru- there was a sign on the driver thru screen that said "out of order please pull up to window"... I almost reversed out..but decided ah what the hell..after all Im already late. So I ordered a medium hot Vanilla Latte, It came out really fast and was pretty tasty..on point. Score.. I'd definitely stop here again it was a welcome surprise.
3	Great service!. I'm a big coffee guy and this was my first time trying Bentley's and after trying them I wondered, why did I wait so long to try this place?. The coffee was half the price of Starbucks, a Caramel Macchiato with extra shot of Expresso was only $2 (and $2 for all coffee variations). The regular brewed coffee was strong, but super smooth without the nasty bitter aftertaste like Starbucks coffee. I'm definitely a fan, they've just gained a regular customer.
4	I've owned 2 @Bentleyscoffee now.  Scratch that.  I've been to two Bentley's now.  Each has provided great service, solidly good coffee and just a touch of what I would classify as "Vegas attitude."  This is not "Rat Pack" attitude or "Hipster wanna-be" attitude.  This is a quietly hip, slightly preoccupied with my own game, friendly with a slight underlying edge sort of attitude.  You know it when you see it.  Kind of a mix of East Coast attitude (people who have lived in busy urban places back east have this - direct, no nonsense but not quite rude) combined with laid back LA attitude.Does that make sense?  If it doesn't, stop by a Bentley's and you'll get it.  Get a coffee while you're there too.  Don't just stop in to check out the attitude.  That would be weird.
5	Great coffee, great service, great atmosphere, and even better prices. I'm so glad to have found this coffee shop near UNLV. Way better than Starbucks and the prices beat both Starbucks and the Coffee Bean. I'll definitely be back!
5	I am in love with this place. Bentley's is way better and cheaper then Starbucks. I love all staffs that work there, they are all super nice and friendly. I go here almost everyday to get my iced soy chai and a iced kahlua n cream for my boyfriend.
4	Great coffee and a customer service dedicated owner in Brandon...I'm a regular...
4	Prying me out of Starbucks is hard but my friend took advantage of the Groupon deal Matthew C mentioned and convinced me I Had to go.It was worth it.  The service was friendly and the drink was delicious. I noticed quite a bit less expensive than the competition.  I've been back twice since then and the service has always been friendly and the drinks have always been delicious.  I'll be adding to the 'jet fund' again soon.Keep up the great work - sorry mermaid but I haven't gotten a raise lately but the addiction that started with you still growls to be fed...
5	I love this place. I have never been a fan of sitting in coffee shops, sucking on coffee and WiFi, but I feel so comfortable here that I can spend hours just hanging around. The coffee is amazing and the prices have no comparison. I normally get the 24oz E.M.T. (an Irish Creme Latte) w/ soy. But also love the Bentley's Brew Americano. Always a smile when you walk in the door and you are always treated like a human.
4	This location closed and I'm so disappointed.  The drinks were amazing and the service was always A++  It was the only Bentley's location close to me so I guess it's back to the Mermaid
