4	So, you ever gone to a place and expected to be underwhelmed but ended just being wowed by the quality of the food experience relative to what you  thought was being offered? Well, that describes my experience at Bad Mother Cluckers (BMC). I had heard they had renovated an older building and wow, they did a great job. They actually have a viewing window where you can see the chickens being roasted over mesquite charcoal, a nice bit of what one might call food porn because who can watch chicken being roasted over hot coals and not have their mouth water?I was even more pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw that they had plenty of seating and instead of playing American Rock music they had World music playing, which, once you try the chicken, you will see is more than appropriate because they don't just roast the chicken, they slather it with spices so it is more like a Caribbean jerk chicken and the skin, with all those spices on it, lets just say you will say it pretty much hit foodie nirvana and by the way, the chicken is not dried out, it is moist and dripping juices. They also have the most interesting hot sauce which is, I guess, a mix of hot sauce and Greek yogurt or sour cream but a great dip for piece of chicken you either primly cut off with a fork and a knife or, like me, you just rip and then use a bunch of napkins.The sides are either salad, which was quite fresh, or steak fries, which are okay, but the chicken, that Motherclucking chicken as Ali called it in the first review, is the star of the show. Oh, they have a selection of well, the cheap yellow beers, no Micro-Brews, but they go well with the jerk chicken experience. I would like to see them get some locally brewed beers in as well but I'm sure that will come over time.I will also say that the service was excellent. I had at least two people ask me if everything was okay and then the owner/manager, I assume, came around and asked me if I wanted a water for the road, and brought me fresh wipes and napkins. And the water is, of course, labeled with the BMC logo and they have hats and shirts you can buy as well....in other words, this place is operationally sound. I intend to eat here at least two or three times a month...so trust me my fellow foodies, go check this place out, you will not be let down by the chicken!Recommendations:Give Directions: Expand on how to get here on the website - where is it from the light rail and where would someone park because, while I like this place, location is an issue. Best idea is to park in the brickyard and it is a quick walk over - a quick diagram would be a good idea.Beer on Tap: I'm surprised that the place opened up without a selection of micro-brews on tap when that is a trending pattern among consumers in this area. The beer tastes in the area are shifting and offering just a cheap bee options means they miss out on a slice of potential business.Live Music - the place has space, get some live music in there on the weekends.
4	It's great to have a place by campus where you can get HEALTHY food fast and for a very cheap price! The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside with a really delish marinade. The salad is basic but really fresh and the fries are big fat steak fries. Totally yummy, really filling and you didn't feel like you ate a fast food meal but your wallet can't tell the difference. Beer is super cheap too which is the icing on the cake!! Gotta go check it out!! It's my new go to place for sure!!
1	Tried to stop in, and they were out of food.
5	best chicken place in Phoenix!! so delicious and juicy and at an awesome price for students!! plus you can't beat cheap coronas and a fun atmosphere :) highly recommended for a great meal :)
5	Being on campus every day, you get tired of the same stuff. Most of it is high-carb like sandwiches, or greasy like fast food. I'm really glad there's a place like this near campus. It's really affordable, only $5.50 for a breast and wing combo, and comes with fries and a salad. The hot sauce is kind of a blend of mayo or something and hot sauce, but its really good. It's alot bigger on the inside than it looks. Its super roomy with plenty of seating and lots of beer. The beer is really cheap too!
1	This positive reviews on yelp are so obviously written by friends of the kids who run this place. I thought this was going to kind of a take on the cluck-u that used to be around asu and boy is this place a joke.First of all there really is no menu, it's basically one kind of chicken in varying portions and that's it folks. The chicken plate comes with cheap o' lettuce from a bag and choice of boring old dressings. You also get steak fries which are not fresh and tasteless.  But the thing that bothers me most with this 'chicken' place is the chicken itself. The chicken is moist but there is little to no taste. They put some sort of herb rub on the chicken skin but unless you eat the skin the chicken has zero taste. There is no marinade at all, unless they just forgot that night to do it, I don't know. They serve a side of some sort of sauce for the chicken but it was tasteless, not spicy and was really strange tasting.The place has beer specials which are cheap but to be honest I don't care how cheap they are as the place has no ambience. The lights are bright and its not a place I would want to hang out or anyone else which was obvious since the place was empty at prime time hours.Bottom line I feel kind of bad for the guys who opened and run this place. They clearly thought there chicken was good, and none of their friends were honest enough to tell them the truth about how it really tastes before they opened a place.For anyone with taste buds you will be sorely disappointed. I can't imagine this place lasting for more than a few months. Sorry it's just the truth...
4	I had to write a review after reading one where someone blasted the chicken.  Okay, so the salad is banal and the fries are from a bag, but so many place is that the case.  You don't go to a place where you get a good dinner for $7 and say, why isn't there a classy salad with nuts and goat cheese and a strawberry dressing.  I mean c'mon.  This place is a great alternative to fried chicken or fast food, I mean the food is fast because it is already roasting.  As for the complaints about the chicken, I don't get it.  The chicken has a good rub on it.  I mostly detect cumin and probably what is allspice, as well as the usual flavorings.  The chicken was down right moist.  There was flavor in every bite.  Sure the rub doesn't penetrate to the bone but what kind of chicken rub does?  As for being a joke, he doesn't get the punchline which is good food for an awesome price.  Indeed I hope there is growth, such as different types of rubs and different sides, but give them a little time.  For a place that opened just recently I think they are doing a great job and I will go back.  You want to know about the price, $15 for enough food that a friend and I ate it for two meals.  Even two days later the chicken was moist.  Maybe the other review got a bad batch, I hope not.  It is in my opinion that this is a great place for all college goes and others, of which I am one.  I don't claim that I have a palette that insists upon gourmet food all the time and food dinner that costs less than a ten spot, sign me up.  And if you think that I am "some college kid that works there", I didn't move to Phoenix until I was 30.  Take it for what it is.  Mediocre sides but great chicken.  If you don't want fries or a salad, get some take out and make your own side.  The chicken is great.  I don't want to sound rude to other reviews but I don't want a place with only a few review to suffer because of one man's opinion.
5	Short and sweet - This place rocks. I had sliders (which you can only get one day a week), and they were amazing. I love this sort of BBQ - it wasn't just a bunch of fiery red sauce all over your face and fingers. It was the other kind. Fantastic flavors here, and a great location and atmosphere. Met the owner as well, and he's really nice and passionate about his food. There's nothing wrong with that. They do basically one thing and they do it right.
2	For years this building has been a place for burnouts and drug addicts to congregate around. Many of you may know it as the old art store that had the big xylophone in front. When I saw that someone was finally developing this space I was excited, well that is until I ate there.The Good: Well lit and clean place with very cheap eats and large portionsThe Bad: The chicken is... not... good.With a name like Bad Mother Cluckers I HAD to try it. When I went to eat there with co-workers I ordered the sliders that were on special. Fearing that they would be insufficient for my ravenous hunger I ordered 2. As it turns out the slider special is a huge amount of food. For 2 orders of the slider special, fries and a can of soda I was in less than $6. The problem was that the chicken sliders were just as my rating implies "meh". Sadly KFC is 100% better.I normally don't complain about this but the amount of time it took to order, prepare and finally get our meal was long to say the least. Our lunch break was over by the time we all got our food. The place was nearly empty and there are only a handful of items on the menu so there really was no excuse.On a completely unrelated note while we were eating 2 very attractive Asian women walked in and started eating on the other side of the room. My co-worker pulled the "hey I dropped my fork" move so he had a reason to say hi to them. They were so far away though that he literally had to throw his fork. This was literally the best part about eating there. "A" for effort on his part.
3	Stopped in and got a half chicken with double salad for a late lunch. Friendly staff - little to no wait and the heavy spicy sauce made every bite of chicken delicious.. Got what I was expecting and enjoyed the meal.
4	My first time going, and i was not that hungry, so all i ordered was a few appetizers/sides.. but oh man this was great. I had a steak woodie and it was amazing, and the chicken slider was huge, my stomach and tastebuds were beyond satisfied.   Also as i was typing this i saw a review by "Andrew S" you insult us true Yelpers by saying good reviews are by friends of the owners, it may just be you that has no taste buds.. the flavorings are amazing.
4	The menu is simple and the mesquite rotisserie chicken is very good. I had the BBQ chicken sandwich for lunch along with an order of streak fries. The pulled BBQ was very tender and tasty and not overly saucy. Not much to say about steak fries, except that they are served with a flavorful spicy mayo and seasoned with a course salt. Only negative is there is no soda fountain or ice machine. You can only get bottled sodas, and ice refills must be obtained from the employees at the counter.I purchased a slice of their signature chocolate cake to go, and the owner was kind and threw in an extra slice for free.  Nice touch!  Cake is extra chocolaty with a very thick layer of frosting.
5	Was just an overall great experience. The bar tender was very friendly and the food was great! Definitely worth stopping by and checking out!
4	I work in downtown Tempe, Mill Ave, location and am so happy to find this place.  Finally a reasonably priced lunch that's also healthy.  With a name like Bad Mother Cluckers, I had to stop in last week just to look around and pick up a menu.  I was met by the owner and a guy behind the counter who were both so friendly and helpful, they answered all my questions and made me a copy of the menu and happy hour specials for me to take back to work.  The place has a nice outdoor patio in the front, casual seating indoors, and a lawn area in the back for outdoor games.Yesterday I return for lunch.  The same guy was behind the counter and he recognized me from my stop in last week.  The owner delivered our food to the table and introduced herself and chatted with us for a while.  Everyone was very friendly....I really liked that about the place, it felt very welcoming.Being on a diet and trying to eat healthy I choose the Chicken Woody, a skewer of marinated chicken grilled over a mesquite charcoal fire, and the Veggie Woody, a skewer of grilled vegetables.  They were both delicious, the chicken having a great flavor and the veggie skewer included mushrooms, onions, zuccini, and tomatos.  I added a side of the Sante Fe Corn Salad, which consisted of sweet corn, black beans and diced tomatos in a light marinade dressing, it was good as well.  My meal hit the spot, just the right about of food for the right price.They do have larger meals and other sides to choose from.  Also, they had a yummy looking triple chocolate cake to tempt you on the front counter, but I was good and resisted tempation.  They also have beer (some bottled and one on tap) and they have wine (small one glass bottles).  They also have some great happy hour specials.I definitely want to go back, I want to try their other Woody's (steak and shrimp).
4	If you work in downtown Tempe you have to try this place.  This place for lunch is so reasonable.  Nice to have an alternative in downtown Tempe.  They have a variety of skewer options for only 2-3 bucks.  I also tried the chicken sandwich, which was delicious.  They have a friendly front patio with a bar setup, also a back patio with lots of seating and outdoor games.  Very inviting!
3	Chicken taste is great. Price for what you get.. not so great. The size of the chicken quarter wasnt good.
3	Bad Mother Cluckers was pretty tasty - I have to agree it is char-grilled chicken at it's finest. My chicken was moist, the spice rub is sweet and savory and the hot sauce was great. My only complaint is over the mac n cheese, it was overcooked and very salty, I wouldn't order it again.They have a nice patio where you can play cornhole and there is a set up for a bar. TIP!!They have 50cent drafts from 3-7:00. Whoohoo!~
5	Chicken is on point, cheap beer, and fun games. The owners are great people and very welcoming. The restaurant is tucked a block over from Mill but worth the walk.
4	I got the shrimp skewers and my boyfriend got the chicken skewers. Both were delicious. Beers were 50 cents which was great. The outside patios are cool, the inside ambiance could be a bit . Overall it was great and affordable.
4	Very fun atmosphere! Good food and great prices. I had the slider and Mac and cheese. Mac and cheese decent and the process the get the 50 cent beers could be improved upon but overall great place
5	This place rocks! 50cent drafts an $1 bottled of pbr on Thursday nights! And their chicken is awesome. I usually get the half clucker with steak fries, that stuff's the bomb!
1	This establishment is NOT GAY friendly! !!!!  my partner & I away for being gay!!!!!  If i could i would give zero stars!!!!!  So in short my hate crime of a  experience today!!!  My partner and I attempted to go here but instead we were met with hate from the security guard. I  was wearing my legalize gay shirt and since my partner and I are married we of course live together there for our IDs have the same address. apparently two women can't live together. he was informed of her being my wife, rolled his eyes! mind you we are both well over the age to drink. offered my passport he said no!! so we were denied access b/c we have the same address is that really the reason? Horribly that was my wife first gay hate experience which broke my heart!!! we left went to casey moore's we i was complemented on my shirt and had a great time!!!
5	I loved this place! Went for the first time last night- 50 cent drafts everyday from 3 pm to 11! Best deal around ASU. I haven't tried the food..yet, but I hear great things! On Thursdays they have $1 sides and everything on the menu over all seems to be reasonably priced. The staff was very friendly and laid back- I will definitely spread the good word as well as return!
3	On the good side, chicken was good and well seasoned, not great though. The hot sauce for the chicken was great. Salad was generous and really fresh. On the bad side, the dressings taste like they are out of a cheap bottle used by buffets...use the chicken sauce on your salad and it is much better. No iced tea and drinks in cans, so no refills. Overall, they did a nice job with turning a drab, abandoned building into something nice again and I'll give it another try.
2	Was eager to try BMC after seeing such mixed reviews and after going in myself I have to say that I probably wouldnt eat here againThe chicken was dry and just not goodChicken from Frys or any other supermarket might have been betterHowever I would go for the 50cent draftsThe space is cool and pretty openPeople were playing pong in the backalso they have cool Jenga block sets Maybe their food is good after a bunch of drafts...
2	Had a meeting at ASU after lunch and picked this place to eat and prepare. No wi-fi was a HUGE downer. I suppose I understand the management not wanting people to stay all day, but next time I'm looking for a place to do a working lunch, I'll look elsewhere.Food was okay, too. And canned sodas meant I couldn't take a refill with me. I had the plain chicken sandwich and it was plain.
2	I just wasn't that impressed. I had the chicken skewers and steak fries with a soda, it cost me around $8. First, the chicken was so small, just wasn't much food. The fries were cold and not a lot either for an expensive side. Ketchup in packets, soda in cans? Sorry, no dice. The chicken was actually well seasoned and fairly moist, note the fairly..it was also cold. It get like a 2.5, I was disappointed and won't be back. Also, good luck parking.
4	Went to "Bad Mother Cluckers" on Sunday. Me and two friends had Memorial day off so we wanted to imbibe in some adult beverages the day prior. A friend recommended "Bad Mother Cluckers" for the 50 cent drafts. Had a great time with my friends drinking beer while playing some fun games (e.g., Giant jenga and cornhole). We had eaten prior to going out so I can't talk on the quality of the food but the drink special, atmosphere and service were pretty great. I'd go back to try the chicken.
5	maraschino cherry Larry and Andy were at the pub "bad mother cluckers" on mill. I walked by an saw they were wankin on each other. I walked in and shoot Larry in head with potato gun. and he deflate cu he was a blow up sex doll after all
2	I don't think it was worth the money. I left still hungry and ate my poor tasting BBQ chicken sandwich in about 60 sec. before leaving. 50 cent draft comes in a tiny cup (prob about 1/3 of a can of beer).
4	I love Rolling Rock on tap. Call me odd; But at 50 cents a college plastic cup, combined with very value priced rotisserie chicken, sides, sandwiches and wraps, chargrilled skewers that all taste well above any purchase in its price range (and some very high end places surprisingly), it would be silly to say, "Honey, I'm tapped, we can't go out tonight." You and your girl can drink, enjoy young college energy while eating great food and spend 25-30 bucks. That's if you spoil yourselves.
4	Stopped to check this place out today and was quite pleased! Simple menu, easy to choose from. Rotisserie chicken with sides, beer and wine. Great location for ASU. Had a really good BBQ chicken sandwich!
4	Wow! Delicious! I found this place merely walking along university and the rotisserie in the window caught my eye. I have been yearning to come here and been telling my friends about it. Finally, they gave in and we went around 1030 pm for a late late dinner before going out on mill ave. we ordered a full size mother clucker! With a side of steak fries and corn. Delicious! The servers were very nice and warm when it came to helping  us make our decision. They threw in extra sauce. As we waited, we made our way outside for some play time throwing bags in the holes. In the meantime, we bought 2Beers for only 4 dollars! I felt like I was stealing! I have been to used to paying 6 bucks for a dang beer! But anyway, the atmosphere was very inviting. Also there were large blocks to play "jenga" inside. Good stuff. Our food was out in no time, we inhaled it, and painted the town red!
5	I've been here a couple time, mainly because of the cheap beer "which is actually pretty darn good Rollin Rock". So this time I went there because, well, I was hungry. The rotisserie chicken was so delicious! Seriously, I don't wan to sound like a fatty and go into details, but ya, it's freakn great.  The fries were really fresh. I really enjoyed the dipping sauce they gave. Corn hole and the Jenga pieces and some other entertainments there are really enjoyable also. In my opinion, the management knows how to run this place very well. The food is great, beer is good, and it's just a fun place.
2	After going by this place and drooling from the smell several times, my boyfriend and I finally tried it out because we wanted to eat a cheap dinner. It was cheap...that was about the only good thing. We split the BBQ chicken sandwich, the buffalo chicken sandwich, the Mac & cheese, and fries. The BBQ sandwich was pretty good to be fair. The rest was pretty bland and boring. It was disappointing after being tantalized by the smells outside so long :( maybe we would've had better luck going with the rotisserie chicken instead.
