4	Since this is the only store remotely close to my area, (the one on Sahara/Decatur closed a few years ago- what a pity), I go to this one the most (so I am hoping that this store remains open for years to come). I love their furniture and decor- world/global type designs in dark rich woods, some carved, some rattan- the benches, the chests, the chairs, etc. It's similar to the styles at Target and Cost Plus Imports (there was a store here in this area, but it closed soon after, go figure), but at better prices. When there are sales, the pricing gets better. I plan on getting some pieces when we change our theme up in the near future (or if we get a newer home). I also love their candles- they make great gifts too BTW. I love the store setup/layout too because it's as if you've stepped into someone's home- someone who has the style that you envy (doesn't everyone have a friend like that?) but not sure that you can pull it off, without using an over-priced interior designer. It's clean and organized very well though I don't think that this place would be good for little children since there are lots of glass items on the displays- you'd have to instruct, "Hands in Pockets!"I scan the clearance racks (great deals) and sales before paying full price for their items. The last time I came here, I was looking for candles and I ended up buying six small white bowls (so many uses!) that I found in the clearance section in the back of the store, against the wall. I think that I spent less than $20.00, so I was quite happy with my finds.
5	What can I say I love this place in general because of the unique and awesome stuff you find at Pier 1.  Not many places on my side of town but the nice ones seem to try to go above and beyond to make your experience that much better to come back.  They have done that to me and I will continue to shop here.  The quality is typical for Pier 1 (good) the selection is great they always seem to have just the right piece to fit the space you're looking for.  The thing that make this place above and beyond for me is the staff.  Always helpful but oh so friendly to the point of one of the workers noticed my car and he had similar one so we chatted about how much we enjoy them.  Another woman who always notices me and always comes over to show me her "secret" new sale items, ones you might walk by but she tells you the original prices and then shows you the new ones and you almost have to trip your self to walk away cuz most of them are SO good it is hard to leave without that kind of sale!Needless to say it is one of my favorite stops to look, gaze, dream and purchase the perfect accent piece and say hello to some awesome hard working people!
5	I wished I shopped here more often. Not just for the goods but for the great customer service I receive anytime I here. No matter who is working.If I need "perfect" gift, this is definitely a store I will come and visit. It is so easy for me to find just the greatest gift and not spend an arm and leg on it.And if you are into holidays, this is a great store to come for Holiday Decorations. I love their Christmas Ornaments but any holiday is worth checking out here, 4th of July, Halloween, Thanksgiving, etc.They also have great varieties of selections for home decorations too.
