5	Thank you, Mr. [Insert Super-Italian-First-And-Last-Name] who told me about it!  As a Native of Jersey, he told me to try North End Pizza because it is the best pizza in Vegas that he's had in the last 25 years.  Bold statement, huh?So, I just had to try it.  We had the lunch combo of two slices of cheese pizza and a soda for five buckaroos.  It was fantastic thin crust pizza!  It was crusty, chewy and with a bit of char on the bottom with optimal flavorful tomato sauce and a plethora of cheese.  Definitely, not for the greasy food haters because it had plenty of that, too.Conclusion:  Thin crust pizza heaven.
5	Thanks to the first reviewer on here, I decided to try a pizza tonight and it was fantastic.  We had a large cheese and had a coupon for  $6.99, a garden salad and garlic knots.  I almost want to go back again tomorrow for more, but need to space out my pizza consumption!The employees are extremely friendly and made me feel like I wasn't just a customer picking up a pizza.  Will definitely be back.
5	I should jus copy and paste my review from upper crust this place is very similair ok exactly the same (seen staff from uppercrust there) either way this place is great and now it's only a 3 min drive great for lunch 2 slices and a soda for  less then  $6
5	Honestly, being from back East, I KNOW pizza!!!!  And this place is the s@@@!  I would totally eat there at least 3 or 4 times a week, but I'm sure my girlfriend would end up hiding the phone so I can't call it in.  I believe that the dough and the sauce are imported from back home.  Probably why I'm drawn to it :)
4	Good NY style pizza. Good wings too. Large three topping pizza, ten piece order of wings, & four Blue Moons came to $42. Not bad.  Friendly staff, nice cozy (small) setting in new development just off 215/Durango northwest.  We will go back.
5	This is a new spot to hit Centennial so of course I want to try it out.We ordered some take out pizza and it was LEGIT New York Pizza. Super thin and light crispy yet chewy crust with a good bread to cheese to sauce ratio. Definitely was surprising as I've been to a few places that claim they are NY style but wasn't quite there. We just went simple with some pepperoni so I can observe the crust better without overdoing the toppings. I enjoyed our pizza thoroughly and it is what I've had in NY.I wonder if they ship their dough in from NY. Most NY style west coast places that are legit do. Why does the dough have to come from there you ask? Well, the saying goes that the NY pizza made with the NY dough is unique by the NY water they put into it. I dunno the science behind it on what the unique regional water compounds do to the dough, but whatever- it's good so I EAT! We had a special Val Pak coupon for a pizza and wings. Wings were decent but love to get it with some more zing to the sauce.Short and sweet this time. I will be back since its right down the street from the house! YAY! I will be dining in since that is always a different experience than take away food.To be continued....but I think I found a pizza place to have a love affair with.
3	I literally just got done downing 3 pieces and although it had left me full and satisfied the only thing I could think of while I was eating it was that it was just OK.  I really really wanted to like it, however I felt that the ingredients were just mediocre and just a step up above average.  I ordered a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, mushroom and ricotta cheese.  One thing that I truly loved about this pie was the crust.  The bottom of the pizza had a nice char on it which prevented the slice from becoming soggy and droopy. Again, this place was just OK.  If you're looking for a better pizza place in the northwest I would strongly suggest Marc Riches.
5	North End continues to be my favorite pizza place in Vegas.  It's nice to actually be recognized by the owner and staff rather than just being another customer.  Decided to dine in one night a couple of weeks ago with several family members and they couldn't be more accommodating.  As I was in there with a bunch of ex-New Englanders it made the experience that much more fun.We ended up ordering 3 or 4 large pies, a couple salads, garlic knots and very good zucchini sticks.  Several kids with us and I have no idea what they ate because there was so much food on the table, but they all cleared their plates.  I'm certainly not a pizza critic, but I've had my share of lousy stuff in this city but this is definitely a highlight.  It doesn't hurt to get the occasional coupon for a $6.99 one topping pizza either!
5	i never thought id like ny thin crust pizza since im a chicago style fan. This place is very good, huge slices, tasty crust.. i will come back!
5	I LOVE this place. I spent my formative years in Germany. There was a little place in our village called Pinocchio's Pizzeria. It was run by a family straight from Italy. I adored that place and had never had better pizza before or since. North End Pizza is the closest I've come to Pinocchio's. The crust is super thin. The sauce is perfect. I have no idea how to describe the sauce. I've tried for years to describe how PInocchio's sauce was different than anything else you can find. Well, North End Pizza has the sauce I'm talking about. Delicious! My husband loves their french fries, of all things! He also gives a thumbs up to their garlic knots. They serve fried zucchini spears and those are really good too.The service is outstanding. We've been twice now and had a great experience both times. The entire family loves the place.
4	So after a disastrous lunch @ Los Antojos, I had to redeem myself.  I read a few reviews about this place and it's near my end of town, so I decided to check it out on the way home from the office.When I arrived there, I was shocked to see that the entire strip mall that this place is in was empty!  It was kind of Twilight Zonish creepy....I took pics, check it out....just weird.Anyway, I walked in and was pleasantly surprised to see that it was spacious....I was expecting a small joint with a couple of tables.  I think the owners are from Boston....lots of Boston sports memorabilia on the walls.....and since it was dead, 3 of the workers were changing the channel to put on the Dodgers vs Red Sox game.  Cool!I ordered the 2 Slices of Cheese Pizza special with a Bottle of Water.  Total damage was $5.15....what a deal!The guy who took my order brought out the Pizza on paper plates.  The Pizza is thin sliced NY style Pizza.  The Pizza was pretty good.  Of course I folded it per standard MO for thin sliced Pizza.Overall, it was a good experience.  I'll have to come back to try their pepperoni and veggie pizzas.Will I return?  Of course!
5	Finally, a decent pizza place out where I live in the northwest. It's true, until now all the pizza places out here are awful. North End is different. They make pizza with thin crust, good sauce that's not spicy and no tomato chunks, and it's a joy to eat. They're obviously from Boston since there is Boston references all over the walls. They're in a kind of out of the way new strip mall off Durango. I'm telling everyone I know to go there. Prices are about average with other pizza places. Try it, you'll like it!
4	Awesome NY style pizza. Huge thin slices and the sauce is so good, but with any good NY style pizza there is a lot of grease. With that said it is still one of my favorite pizza places.
1	My tummy does not feel good.... :-(We were stopping at Sam's Club in Centennial so I figured we would try North End.  All I've seen are good reviews on Yelp. It had to be good, right?Not for me....The guy at the counter was very nice.  I asked for a few minutes to figure out what my husband and I wanted. We decided on a medium Supreme pizza (pepperoni, green peppers, mushrooms, onions and sausge), macaroni and cheese bites and garlic knots.  We asked for the garlic knots and macaroni and cheese bites first, while the pizza was in the oven. The garlic knots were very heavy and doughy. Not light and fluffy like we usually get at our other favorite pizza spots. The macaroni and cheese bites were ok.  My son liked them so that was a plus. When he brought out the pizza, it did not look appetizing at all. I really don't know how to describe it. We ate it anyway. Well, here were are two hours later.  I've got a stomachache and my hubby is sitting next to me shelling pistachios because he's hungry. I wish I would have just had a couple hot dogs at Sam's Club instead.
5	Nothing like a Val Pak coupon yet again to 'force' me to go to North End.  Before the weekend is over I'll probably have to pay another visit.  I always wanted a good place right near where I lived, but now I may be regretting it. LOL
3	I really wanted to like you North End Pizza, I really did.  I read your fabulous reviews, read the positive commentary regarding your crust, toppings and sauce and when I came in there on July 11 and saw you sitting there on the warmer, I thought it would be love at first sight.  Instead I took you to my best friend's apartment, ate you up and you left me feeling empty, not in my stomach, because you actually made me sick, but on the inside.Seriously, just average pizza.  I've had better NY style pizza at multiple locations.  Another overly hyped joint that doesn't live up to its fanfare.  This is not to say I wouldn't possibly go back, I could see this stuff soaking up some alcohol whenever I get drunk again.
5	The pizza is so good that I forgive them for being Red Sox fans and will continue to eat there despite all the Red Sox posters. So if a New Yorker can tolerate Red Sox paraphernalia the Pizza has to be good!
2	Mediocre food and service with 'no smile'.  Price was pretty low for the subs, but there isn't much to say for the flavor.
5	Got delivery today.Large salami and mushroom pizza- pretty yummy, like last time.Chicken Parmigiana and spaghetti. This was alright...had other pizza places that were better. Short and simple- I like.
3	I ordered a pepperoni pizza & cinnamon bread for dessert. The dessert was good but Rocco's powdered sugar fried dough's better. That's why I didn't rate it 5 stars. I love dessert. The pizza had the perfect crust. Crispy & thin on the bottom yet chewy on top where the sauce was. Love the flavor of the tomato sauce. I ordered to go & the staff seemed pretty friendly & welcoming. Reasonably priced. Ever since I've eaten there, all I could think of is this pizza. Too bad I live so far from this joint cause I'm craving it so bad! Maybe I'll order their pizza to go & Rocco's fried dough for dessert.
3	The food is good.  I had the hawaiian specialty pizza.  If you want a different pizza joint to try, try ordering from North End Pizza.
5	Best pizza around .  I finally found a true back east style pizza.  I asked her how she makes the ingredient so fresh and she says she actually has them shipped from back east.  The dough I prepared there too by her dad with there secret recipe.  So if you like thin crust pizza you have to give them a try you will not be disappointed.
4	The pizza is really good and the closest to East coast pizza I have found since moving to Vegas. I've tried a few toppings, like meatball, pepperoni, and pineapple, and all of them were yummy. Mozzarella sticks are standard and delicious as is the meatball parmesan sandwich. Lastly, they have something called fried dough...I thought it was like funnel cake but it is not. Their fried dough is literally fried pizza dough sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar...how could it be bad? It's not, it's great and it's only $3.50!
5	Short and sweet update-Got a few weeks ago take in with Elnino F. Can't beat the lunch deals which are from $4-10 bucks for a filling meal and drink. Got 2 slices (added 2 toppings), a drink and some homemade chips for $8 and some change. The slices are big. It's probably more pizza than a personal plate sized pizzaStill one of my fave pizzas and I wouldnt say I'm really into pizza even.
5	With 14 years in the valley under my belt, you could say that I've looked far and wide for a quality pizza that reminds me of my youth on the East Coast.  North End is by far the closest thing I've found to authentic back East pizza.The crust is flown in from Boston, which after several visits, I'm sure is the secret.  It's the water used to make the dough that set this crust apart from even the best recipe in Vegas.It's thin, crispy but not over done, and topped with the perfect sauce.Service is great and the wait is never too long.Added bonus, the Slider Truck is in the parking lot of North End every Wednesday night so you can kill two cravings at once!Fantastic pizza... Thank you North End!
5	I am always hesitant to try pizza places that claim to be just like those that I miss from back in Boston. I have passed North End Pizza many times and thought to myself "yeah right". Then I tried it. I could tell by the smell when I walked in it was going to be good. Service was great, decor was great...and the food was AMAZING, right down to the fried dough! If you miss New England pizza...PLEASE try this place, you won't be sorry!!!
5	Had a craving for White Pizza on Friday Night. Ordered while on the road and it was waiting for me when I walked in. Met the owner, Claudia, who was very nice and personable. She even walked me to the door and opened it for me! Got home to the Mrs. and shared the pie....DELICIOUS....good crust just the right amount of garlic....A+ for me!
4	A quaint little Mom~n~Pop Pizza joint that is very YUMM.  HUGE SLICES, Tons of high quality cheese, delicious crispy crust, good prices, clean shop and friendly service.  What's not to like??
5	Being a Bostonian and having been searching for a pizza that is a REAL pizza, I can finally say I HAVE FOUND IT!!!!. This is without a doubt THE BEST PIZZA in Vegas. Delicioso. You haven't eaten pizza if you haven't eaten here.
3	I was looking forward to eating here based on the other reviews.I was a little disappointed though.  Their pizza is just okay, nothing great.It's not worth the drive from the strip, but I might go back again only if I'm in the area.
5	First time here and definitely will come back soon!
4	It's nothing outstanding, and that is exactly why I like it. Simple, fresh, thin-crust pizza. Clean tasting sauce & a nice chewy crust. I think North End will be our new go-to for pizza.
4	I was really looking forward to this pizza.  I had heard amazing things about it, and honestly, the crust didn't disappoint.  It was great.  However, I would say while the sauce was good, there needed to be more.  Same with the cheese.  Had a half pepperoni, half mushroom pizza, and the pepperoni side was definitely better.  Also tried the garlic potato chips.  Some were soggy, and overall they were too salty, but they were good.  Definitely better than store bought chips, and way cheaper at 75 cents for a medium-sized Ziploc bag.  Overall, the place was good, but I wouldn't go out of your way to eat there.  If you happen to be in the neighborhood though, go for it.
5	I've been eating here consistently pretty much once a month for the past year and I haven't been disappointed once.  I've tried the chicken tenders, garlic chips, Italian wedding soup and their house salad when I'm trying to "balance" the meal, but mostly, I go there when I'm craving their fantastic thin crust pizza.  I don't get anything fancy.... just a couple slices of cheese pizza.Picture the bite:  Perfectly chewy, crusty with just the right amount of char on the bottom + tangy sweet tomato sauce + ooey gooey cheese + grease.Tip:  I stress again that this is NOT for the greasy food haters.  Just don't step into there.  Just don't.Conclusion:  What are you waiting for?!  Go get some pizza!
5	Excellent pizza. Crust is just right. Good sauce and toppings. 2 slices and a soda for $6!  Good friendly service. Rock on.
4	The first time I tried North End, I thought to myself "MEH, its OK...." I wasn't wowed or anything. Now fast forward about a year later and buying 3 kick-@ss Groupons for the joint and my feelings have changed. I think they have a pretty good pie, thin crust, good sauce, and tasty cheese. You grew on me baby, you should thank Groupon for that.
2	I live very close to North End Pizza. I am a vegetarian, but however i try to stay away from dairy. We eat pizza a couple times a month and i was reading the great reviews so had to try it. We felt like we were ripped off. We got a large cheese pizza and the crust was great. Fast forward it was overpriced and there was very lite sause  and like no cheese on it. It was pathetic. My wife is a two slice person at most and two of their slices was not even as filling as one slice of pizza at Marc Rich's or Broadway where we normally go. The pie was insulting and stingy. I don't know how people can rave about this pizza. It was like bread with good taste. Skip this place if you like cheese on your pizza. RIP OFF.......
5	WHITE PIZZA is the most amazing thing I have ever tasted. Imagine this delicious thin crunchy crust loaded with cheese, garlic, and olive oil.I usually take-out but I finally ate at the location. All the tables were very clean, they featured the Boston vs Yankees game on multiple flat screens. Customer service was fantastic and they were playing songs from the Rat Pack big plus for me. Great music, great game, great FOOD. I never though pizza could be this good until I tried this specific pizza and this specfic location. I catch myself eating here at least once a month! Their fried zucchinis and ranch are absolutely the best also, not forgetting to mention their cannolis.Taking a bite of their white pizza is like heaven!
5	We did a search for the best pizza in Vegas, and found this place the most. About 20 minutes from the strip, but well worth the drive. Pizza was amazing! Thin crust, cheese a plenty and the feta and bacon toppings were fabulous. Glad we chose this one on our vacation! You should too!
4	Loved the Pizza.  Loved the service.!  What more do you want?
5	This is the best pizza in Las Vegas.  They get their dough from Boston so it is always good. The pies are excellent. The eggplant parmigian grinders are really good. Their gravy is excellent.  The owner and staff are friendly. The place is always immaculately clean. Try the garlic potato chips when they have them. You can take out or eat in.  They always have the Sox, Pats, Celts or Bruins on when they are playing.
2	I'm going to try and make this review somewhat short, sweet, and offensive because A - North End Pizza isn't worth my time reviewing and B - By the time you read this, the joint will probably be more closed than a virgin's legs at Christian camp. Okay; maybe it won't be THAT closed. But I don't anticipate North End Pizza being on the Food Network anytime soon either.The major problem with North End Pizza is that I ordered a large cheese pizza (I'm broke, alright!) and they ran out of large boxes! What does this mean for me; the consumer? It means that I get my ONE large pizza spread out in EIGHT different sandwich bags each labeled 'sorry' with washable marker. Okay; I'm lying. But I would have preferred that over stacking the pieces on top of each other over two medium boxes leaving me with ten dollars of soggy, almost inedible cheese pizza! For the reason listed above, I can't really bring myself to pat North End Pizza on the back for ANYTHING! I hear some praise for the cleanliness of the place, but how hard is it to keep a restaurant clean when nobody is ever in it? The only reason this place doesn't get the distinct honor of being my first ONE star review is because I used to go to church. I feel bad for failing restaurants with a nice work crew.You can listen to most of the other Harvard-graduate Yelpers on here and give North End Pizza a perfect review just because they play Cheatriot, I mean Patriot games. But let's be real about it. North End's Pizza is just like Boston, Massachusetts : Cheap and Characterless.
2	We've eaten here twice now, and I can't give it more than 2 stars.  Even though their prices are pretty low, I still feel like I'm paying too much because the pizzas are SO skimpy!   The crust is pretty good, but the cheese barely even covers the toppings.  That's not my idea of good pizza.   If you're in the Centennial area and want some good pizza ... keep driving right past North End and go to Mark Rich's.
4	Good solid Pizza place ( and they deliver!)  Pizza was thin crust and not too soggy.  My husband liked the meatball pizza and the kids liked the sausage .First good ( and large ) calzone I have had in 20 years with good fresh ricotta cheese and NO tomato sauce inside ( like we used to find in NY.
2	The White Pizza was just OK to us - we thought we would be blown away but we weren'tThe House made Garlic Potato chips were really good to me but, Man you'll need some extra strength tic tacs/gum - maybe rinse with Listerine -cause you'll be smelling that Garlic for a while.We honestly thought that we would be getting some made in house Italian Ice but was surprised to recieve Marco's Italian Ice - The chocolate was gross to us - It reminded us a fat free frozen chocolate puddingAnyways, we aren't completely wrighting this place off ..... We may try other stuff......
4	We had spent the afternoon out in the hot sun and hadn't eaten all day. I'm the kind of girl that needs to eat every two hours or I grow a second head and start screaming about any minuscule thing that happens to set me off. Needless to say, I needed to eat before someone got hurt. We had been wanting to try North End Pizza for awhile; so when I felt like devouring 56 slices of saucy cheesey goodness after my day in the sun we decided to finally make the stop. No debating for me over what to order. Margherita special for the day? Yes, in a large please. And a side of fries. The fries weren't great, weren't bad. I dumped some garlic salt on them and they instantly improved. They brought out the pizza and I was a little disappointed- it was a bit skimpy on the cheese. After my first slice I was hooked. The crust is thin but not super thin, the sauce has a lot of flavor, and the mozzarella (what there was of it) was fresh. My husband and I ate the entire large pizza right then and there.
5	Love this place. I usually order for pick up and i usually make my own pizza. Grilled chicken with jalapeno. The crust and sauce are amazing. If you decide to dine in they have specials like 2 slices of cheese and a drink for around $5.95, I think? But the food is always good and service is always on point. I'm definitely a regular here.
4	I stopped by here last night.  I was craving a couple slices.  The customer service was excellant.  The surrounding was casual.  I would definately come back here, and the biggest reason why is cuz underneath where it  says "2 slices and a drink" was "2 slices and beer $7".  It's probably the best deal I've seen in any Boston pizza joint.
4	I've only been here for lunch, but their lunch deals are so cheap and you get so much for under $10. The pizza is reheated, just like any other place for single slices, but it was delicious! I love New York style pizza, and theirs is great! The crust is very good, the sauce is wonderful ( mostly what I judge on any pizza joint ) and the toppings are always fresh tasting. The service is fast and friendly.
3	Found this place on Yelp and my friend was excited because he's from Boston. We don't live anywhere near here but decided to try it out because Bostonians are very loyal to other Bostonians... LOLWe came here on a Friday night. This place is very busy; there weren't enough tables to seat all of the guests. We waited about a half hour for a cheese pizza that tasted exactly like the pizza from Bambinos - another Boston pizzeria - which is much closer to home. *shrugs*
4	It just a simple pizza place, but that's why I like it. I have read reviews about people getting whole pizzas and being disappointed but my husband and I have only tried their single slices and garlic knots, and we have been satisfied every time. The staff is nice and it's just a very relaxing laid back place that serves a good slice of pizza. We go there about once a month when we get a craving. I think most people's misconception is that it is just a "pizza place" but having that said, I would go here over any dominos etc, north end is just WAY better than those places. Hope that helps! :)
5	I have been here three times. One of my favorite pizza joints in Las Vegas. I always get the pepperoni pizza and the calzone. Either the meat lovers or italian calzone. Love this place.
5	I honestly cannot believe I havn't reviewed North End Pizza yet. They are one of my few must-have's in the city, as I prefer to try new places. The caviat with this review is that I have never had true New York pizza, so it can only be compared to the places I have tried.That said, the pizza here is amazingly delicious. It starts with a chewy thin crust, the only way a pizza should be eaten. I usually get the white pizza (garlic olive oil topped with mozzarella and ricotta), but I have also had the meat pizza. The toppings on that one were a nice, high quality.I'm happy to say that North End is usually pretty busy when I stop in these days, and most of the other storefronts in the complex are being leased. When I first found this place there were very few people whenever I stopped in.Overall, try the pizza here. It is worth the 20 minute drive out of my way every time I go.
4	I now order carry out from them anytime I want pizza close to home. They are awesome when it comes to fresh pizza. The toppings aren't the best I've had, but they are always good. I've won a lot of my friends over to them, and they only go here now. The ONLY downside is they don't deliver past Ann Rd...even if it's 1/4 of a mile past Ann. I'm hoping the busier they get, they will expand their delivery radius. Otherwise, if I'm really lazy, I would rather order from someone else just so they can bring it to my door.
2	Weve been going there for a while now maybe once a month ...went there last nigh orderd a sausage onion pizza and supposed to be hot chicken fingers...well the pizza was large and there was maybe 8 pieces of sausage on it hardly aandy oinion...the fingers were blane hardly any sauce on them it realy sucked! we order togo because we cant stand eating off of paper plates! So all in all Im scratching them off my list! the whole bill was 27 dollars pretty pricey ...I was not happy!
2	This place ruined my husband's birthday dinner! Flew all day back from DC and he was craving pizza and wings. Picked up our order and it was incorrect and they skimped on sausage (ordered a DOUBLE order of sausage) and Instead of delivering our correct order, they argued that it was the right ordered prepared. No apology but rather back talk....so sad! We were HUGE fans (and regulars) of this place up until tonight.... BEWARE OF the meat portions they give you...DEFINITELY NOT worth the $30 we spent. Sadly, we were too tired from all day travel and flying to go out to a nicer place and try to salvage his birthday dinner! Instead we were stuck with cheese pizza and four sausage balls on each slice! Any recommendations from my Yelp friends and community for a better pizza restaurant?
5	Friends and I were hesitant about ordering take out here, especially from a place we've never been to and only had few reviews here on Yelp.  What the hell, we ended up ordering two X-Large pizzas, garlic knots, and 40 pieces of wings...And to our surprise, the New York Style pizza was fresh and the wings were even better!  The crunchiness of the wings was perfect..  Highly suggest the wings.Give this place a try if your close by and looking for great tasting pizza and wings.
2	So we usually order from here often, but today's order was a little off. The hot sauce for the wings was a little oily. Didn't taste pleasant. Disappointed. Along with the pizza didn' t taste like anything special. Not to sure if I'd order from here again.
4	This is probably one of my favorite pizza places in Las Vegas.The crust is thin and folds perfectly.  The crust is light with some body and has a nice crunch.  Just the right amount of sauce and cheese. The service is always good.  I usually go there for lunch special.   This is worth the trip if you are looking for some good pizza.
4	Eggplant pizza is the best. the pasta is just ok. they are nice on phone and average on wait time. The short delivery girl  is very sweet an nice.
3	I've been wanting to try this place as it has been rated well on Yelp and I am all about good eats. I usually get my pizza at Rocco's on Charleston but, thought I would try North End. I phoned in for pick up, as their delivery area is limited. When ordering they told me 15 mins., I got there in just under 15, maybe 12. My order was ready. I was hungry so stuck my hand into my bag with the side of fries-and they were fresh, hot, delicious! Did not check the pizza but, drove home in about 12 mins. Fries were still fresh, warm/crisp and delicious. I open the pizza box, and the pizza looked a little unappetizing. It looked like cold pizza (like when you see, left over pizza from your fridge, the next day) and didn't look super cheesy but, I was hungry so I dived into my medium with eggplant and mushrooms.It was warm, and came to the conclusion it must have been done, like maybe 5-7 mins after I called in. So now at my house, it was about 20+ mins from being oven fresh. The toppings were plentiful-worth the $1 per ingredient, the crust was good but, soggy towards the middle-I'm guessing a result of being 20+ mins from oven freshness. Something interesting was the eggplant was thinly sliced, breaded and fried-not what I was expecting but OK-good I think.Bottom line, pizza rating 3/5 - if I'm in Centennial and want a slice, I would stop here and try eating in, to see how I like the pizza fresh from the oven, it may make a big difference and result in a higher rating.
1	Worst customer service EVER!!!! I had gotten a flyer in the mail on 5/28 and was excited to try this place after all the great reviews. On the flyer they advertise that they close at 9:00pm I called at 8:00 pm and was told by a very rude gentleman that they were closing early because they were "dead" when I asked to speak to a manager ( because I thought that it was false advertisement that they were closing an hour earlier than what was advertised ) I was told that that " the manager wasn't there" and it wasn't his problem since he "didn't make the advertisements". I will NEVER order food from this place just because of their customer service.
1	Worst customer service EVER!!!! I had gotten a flyer in the mail on 5/28 and was excited to try this place after all the great reviews. On the flyer they advertise that they close at 9:00pm I called at 8:00 pm and was told by a very rude gentleman that they were closing early because they were "dead" when I asked to speak to a manager ( because I thought that it was false advertisement that they were closing an hour earlier than what was advertised ) I was told that that " the manager wasn't there" and it wasn't his problem since he "didn't make the advertisements". I will NEVER order food from this place just because of their customer service.
4	This place has never disappointed. Pizzas: great! Zucchini: mmm! Meatball calzone: tdf! Cannolis: yum! Service: excellent! Now to try one of their subs.....
1	They dont put ennough toppings on there pizza they are real skmipy!
5	North End is the closest to my house as far as family owned pizza/fast food places that deliver are concerned, and boy am I glad that they are.  You can't go wrong with any of their food.  My boyfriend and I have had a few different pizzas with different toppings, but you can't go wrong with their good old cheese, which they run a ValPak coupon for a large at only $9.99, and even if you forgot it/don't have it, usually if we mention it, they still hook us up.My boyfriend loves their hot chicken tenders and we both love their fried zucchini sticks, as well as my friends who I've taken North End to.  I will be very sad when I move across town and have to find something else- hopefully North End is doing well enough that they will be able to expand... =]
5	We got a groupon for this place and tried the place out. I have tried famous Mystic Pizza in Connecticut, this place is almost as good. I would say this is the best in Vegas. Everytime I crave pizza, I go here. My favorite is the white pizza with extra egg plant topping. Garlic chips is abit salty for my taste.
4	Love this place!  We order from here about once a week.  Pizza is good, I'm told they even import the dough in from their native Boston.  Calzones are great and I love their zucchini sticks.  Their menu is maybe a little limited but anything you do get is good.  And they are super fast with delivery.
4	Yelp reviews led my brother to North End Pizza. My brother in turn led me to North End Pizza.  What a special! $6.23 for two large thin slices with a topping and medium cup of bottomless cola. It is my understanding that this special is all day.  The North End Pizza slices tasted identical to the delicious pizza that I grew up with in Long Island, NY. If I was wearing a blindfold, I would not tell the difference from North End Pizza and the pizzarias of Long Island, NY. And if I was wearing a blindfold, I would miss the glowing reviews for North End Pizza and pictures of Boston posted on the walls.  Next time that I visit North End Pizza, I will try the eggplant parmegaina hero. I am thrilled to see it in a Las Vegas pizzaria.  I know that I am a fan of North End Pizza, when the worst thing I could write is that its too bad the owners have not  opened a  South End Pizza near Henderson.
3	Okay...so I just moved to this side of town..and I was craving some pizza, and had heard and seen the awesome reviews for North End Pizza...and I must say, I'm slightly disappointed. But not disappointed enough to never return, for I have faith in them :)Ordered the white pizza that everyone keeps raving about...had them add some chicken to it, and a side of "fried dough" for delivery.Food arrived in a timely fashion, but the pizza which I was craving to be nice and hot and cheesy..was lukewarm. :( bummer.I mean, the fried dough...which was awesome... arrived hotter than the pizza!! But being that I bet they place the dough in deep hot oil to make them, I would hope they would be....but the pizza...it wasnt even hot....it seemed like it had been sitting out waiting to be delivered more than 5 less than 10 minutes..and the distance from my house to the restaurant, is honestly less than 10 minutes!! What happened? Was the delivery guys lil pizza carrier thingy out of heat storing juice?? did he stop and get gas?? idk.... :(All i know is I was waiting for some hot cheesy make my mouth water type of pizza...and the chicken on the pizza looked like ground beef to me...hmm...idk...it tasted like chicken...but I was expecting slices of grilled chicken...not grounded up looks like beef tastes like chicken...chicken...BUT STILL....I have faith...and I will be back to give them another go..but when I do...I will go to them.
4	A solid 4 star pizza spot!  It is right down the street from home too, so that is convenient!  If you are on this neck of the woods, I would recommend trying it!Overall, the pizza is very fresh and delicious.  We went with two white pizzas (what we always get), and they were very tasty.  The pizza here is thin crust, cut wide with plenty of goodies.We also tried their garlic chips and garlic knots....yes, we had an overwhelming amount of garlic, but it was worth it :)  Service was pretty quick for a fresh made pizza joint.Only reason why I didn't step up to the 5th star was the pricing.  It was a reasonably priced place, but I think I spent $35+ for two small pizzas with one topping, garlic knots, and chips...no drinks.  It was worth it to me, but might not be to you...The specials look like a cheaper way to go...the two slices + drink etc.It was very good, but for the hometown feel pizza joint and the atmosphere, it felt a little spendy.  For instance, Grimaldis is the about the same price, but has that cheap date night / glass of wine atmosphere.  Either way, you won't go wrong with this place!  I will be back for more!
3	I tried this North End Pizza joint today...  I have had their pizza before, but it wasnt fresh... I liked it cold...Well after a round of golf my cousin and i were craving pizza and some wings... The wings were breaded Hooters style,,, they were frozen...  I ordered them medium.. I liked them and would order them again.. We ordered a medium pepperoni pizza,,, I didnt care for the dough too much, it lacked that chewy crispy texture i like. The sauce was good,, nice taste,, and the cheese and meat were very greasy,, but i didnt mind...  For a medium pizza for 11.99 it was a tad pricey but i finished my half add an order of wings a drink and a beer.the total bill came to 29.10...  I guess it wasnt too bad..  In closing this place didnt deliver, the way i hoped they would... I give them a 3 starts barely, mostly due to the wings..  There isnt too many options in that area for pizza, this place isnt bad... At the corner of durango and centennial..  HOPE THIS YELPS,,,
4	Just love this pizza place!!! Fresh dough from Boston, great quality pepperoni, yummy sauce!!!! The taste of the crust says it all!! The people who work there are also very nice and attentive. I also like the online coupon deal that keeps the price down a few dollars. Great way to keep us coming back!! Although their prices really are reasonable!! I take all my friends and family here when we want some great pizza!! And just when you though their pizza was so great, they also have other goodies available on the menu. We've had the wing and fry basket. Delicious and decently priced!! And to top it all off they are have beer by the bottle and blue moon available!!! Love this place and will be going back for a long time!!
5	This is a solid pizza joint, you will get quality every time. On top of that the crew seems to be family and they are very nice.
3	We came here after finding Slidin Thru was closed . We were hungry so we ordered a large pizza. It was half pineapple/ ham and the other side had pepperoni, mushrooms, green pepper and onions. It was a good pizza but a little greasy. We also ordered  the garlic knots which were a nice size. It was a nice filling meal!
4	We love North End!!!! Best people.... and perfect family environment!!!! Keep it going!!!
5	REAL North East style pizza from a real northeaster.They get their dough shipped every couple months from a bakery in Lawrence, MA (I grew up not too far from there). Why? The hard water in Las Vegas is awful for making dough. Some pizzerias treat their water. Some claim to get their water shipped. Some don't care and just make crummy pizza.North End Pizza is the best. I live in Mountains Edge and while it is a MASSIVE PAIN driving to northwest bum---- it is worth every mile. The pizza is the closest thing to home I've ever had in the valley. The crust is foldable, perfect consistency. Love it. Great ingredients. Its one of those places that, in Boston, would "just be another place for pizza" but in Vegas, where finding a great pizza is near impossible, it's THE place for pizza. I am a purest, and like pepperoni and mushroom, but their white pizza is insane. So tasty.Claudia runs the place, and she is the real deal. Huge personality, from Boston originally... It's worth the trip.
2	I've given this place many tries, plus, my mom thinks they are from heaven, so she orders their pizza A LOT. The pizza is not bad. It really isn't. It's just not good either. The price of one large cheese pizza is 13$ plus tax, 16 inches. It's very thin, and looks kinda blah. There's really no flavor to it, it's just, bland. As for the price, I personally think it's too much for what you get.I can drive down the street and order a an 18inch cheese pizza from Mark Rich's for 16$, that is far tastier for the extra 3$.
4	Pros:The white pizza was great!Garlic knots were really good.Great Boston decor (I am a die hard celtics/pats/sox fan originally from Mass)Cons:It's out in the boonies!
3	Pizza is tasty, thin crust, although too much sauce for my preference.  Lots of menu choices. Did not like the garlic knots! But overall decent, clean and friendly.
5	I've gotten everything here from the calzones to the subs. The calzones are huge and I'm never disappointed. The environment is very easy going, the staff is super friendly, they always cut my daughters pizza into little pieces for her. I've been coming here for about 2 years and will continue to.
4	I love their chicken wings! I do like their Pizza as well because I like the thin crusted pizza, I'm not a fan of thick crust SWEETPEA, you know who you are!! The nice thing about North End is if you give them your email they offer specials every now and then where you can get a large cheese pizza for $9.00.  They also offer the same special if you donate money for fundraisers, like recently they did a fundraiser for Boston's bomb victims.  Also, the owner makes some really awesome garlic chips!!!
2	It was O-K.  I give them two stars because the service was bad.  I showed up 30 mins before closing.  The cashier warned me and said if we were still there after closing she gets a annoyed.  Also, 15 mins prior to closing the staff was already moving chairs around and trying to clean up the dining area while there were customers still eating.  This place is close to my home but would rather drive further for better food and service.
4	I really enjoy northend pizza. I live close by so they're convenient REAL pizza. There delivery is fast and friendly and their dine in specials are great. The white pizza is amazing.
5	One of my favorite pizza joints in Vegas. I keep running into regulars every time I go there..The pizza is authentic and service was welcoming and friendly.
5	Wow after reading Daniel S. review of NEP well I just had to have some. So I got a large extra cheese on my half and the husband has some mess on his half like bacon peperoni and something else. Call me selfish & spoiled if you will. But this pizza is so good that I was mad at my husband for wanting his half. YOU READ CORRECT: It was so pretty and cheesy I simply didn't want him touching my pizza or breathing my air for that matter. I don't know maybe I had some girl moment or something but my husband had been at work all day and somehow I wished he could just go back to his office at city hall and leave me alone with the pizza. So I could watch cartoons and eat pizza ALONE with out him at all. He was just all in my space looking hungry and eating his half of the pizza. Pfff he don't even like pizza but yet here he is all in my box getting slice after slice munching talking bout...this is some good pizza. I'm glad your on yelp and you found this pizza. See you guys don't get to feel pity for him either because truth is he don't like yelp he says yelp takes my attention from him and that I check in all the time and give tips. Anyway did I say I wanted to slap him silly for opening my box of pizza? Next time he will get his own pizza. I'm not sharing my North End Pizza its to hot & good. No. He cant ever have any at all. ..........Pfffff
4	Great pizza, lousy location.   Get it to go!
5	I finally stopped by this place...and...this is the BEST pizzeria in las vegas!!! I  was told they spend more money just to ship the dough from the east coast and the pizza tastes authentic. I really like their meat lovers pizza and wings.  Great quality food and customer service was phenomenal. Although,  I wish there were more specials as I didn't have any coupons with me (apparently they send out), but you NEED to give this place a try.
5	Awesome pie!  just like back in NY
5	I was having some friend over so I ordered this for delivery.  I've ordered from them a couple times before but don't really remember our thoughts on it.  I ordered 2 large pizzas and a small order of garlic knots.  They already had me in the system so I didn't need to give my address.  That's always nice.For our pizzas we ordered the 1st one extra sauce, light cheese, ricotta and meatballs for the toppings.  That exactly how it came to us - simply perfect!  The 2nd pizza was just a plain 'ole pepperoni.  I didn't have any of the pepperoni but everyone loved it.  The garlic knots were a little tough so they were just ok and the marinara sauce it came with was very good..Now I've recently gotten the pizza bug and I've never really been into pizza.  They say your tastebuds change every 7 years....so I guess this is my tastebud change. haha So with that I must say I've frequent many pizza places over the last few months and I have to say that the meatball pizza with the ricotta was a very CLOSE SECOND to my favorite woodfired pizza at Novacento.  Oohmygeerrrd it was so good!  I must have this again and soon!People are always nice on the phone.  Our bill came to $37 (with coupon) including tip and I'm not sure if there was a delivery charge.  The delivery took about an hour to arrive which is pretty standard at dinner time.  I highly recommend North End.  Next time I MAY branch out and try something different but when you have something that perfect why order anything else?  ;)
5	"I freaking love this place. I always order here. Fast service and the pizza is always hot and tasty. The white pizza is good if you add sauce to it, otherwise it can be alittle dry."
3	Pizza was pretty good, but didn't stand out in any particular area.  We ordered for pickup and it was ready when we arrived.  Friendly staff.  No disappointments.
4	this place makes me feel like i am in Boston lol.
4	I love this pizza place! Great pizza and reasonably priced. Every time I have a craving for pizza I go to North End.
4	The crust is where it's at and the service is pretty good too. The atmosphere feels like a family run place and you can tell they have their share of regulars. I have say we are one of them. Good food, good service, a winner.
4	I have had this place bookmarked for a while and am glad we finally tried it. I felt like deep dish pizza and heard that North End puts out a good one. Walking inside we were greeted and told to sit anywhere. Looking around there were many pictures on the wall of movie posters and different sporting events as well family history of the owner and her family. A lot of Boston decor! The owner, Claudia, was there at a table not only eating, but saying hello to each customer and making sure they were enjoying their food. Claudia has her dad make the pizza dough at his restaurant in Boston, and then ships it to Las Vegas for use here at North End Pizza. Her mom makes the pizza sauce locally from her secret recipe.  We started out with an order of "Garlic Knots" priced at $6.50 for an order of 12 knots and sauce. These weren't traditional since they were *not* in a *knot*, but more a disc if flavorless dough. With all of the seasoning on them, I didn't get it and would not order them again, knowing where I can get authentic ones at other restaurants in town. For the main course I ordered a "1/2 Ricotta & Garlic 1/2 Sausage Pizza" priced at  $22.99 including toppings. I ordered the Sicilian, which requires an hour for prep/bake time. If you know you want this then you can just call ahead and have them start it for you. The Sicilian only comes in 16 inch size. I really enjoyed this pizza! I tasted nothing but garlic on my half so I don't know where the garlic flavor was on the knots? The pizza dough was nice and thick and cooked thoroughly. We had more then enough left to take home for another meal! I want to come back and try their thin crust pizza next.You can come in and buy pizza by the slice or try out some of their calzones, pasta, salads, sandwiches or appetizers. North End offers delivery/dine-in/carryout. Mon thru Sat: 11 am - 9 pmSun: 12 pm - 9 pm
5	Great NY style thin pizza in the middle of the desert.  I grew up eating NY pizza so I can say it's comparable to NY and better than most LA pizza places.  I'm a purist so I always get the plain cheese.  The sauce is flavorful and the crust is just right.  Also friendly service.
4	Good pizza and good fingers! What else can I say?! I've been here a few times and the quality is consistent. Friendly folks running the place too.DO IT!
4	This was my first time ordering food from here, food was great.  I ordered the chicken parm dinner and the chicken fingers.  Chicken fingers were very good not to saucy, and the chicken parm was huge vey big portions!!.  Great prices fast service.  Will definitely be ordering from here again.
5	Me and my wife had  a dinner in North End Pizza tonight and we tried the new Special which they have now Margherita pizza and Fish & Chip with sweet potatoes .  Like usual the pizza was great . I love their thin crust . I don't know what kind was the fish but it was really delicious. I differently recommend this restaurant because this guys are having very good quality food on very reasonable price . If you haven't try it just go and do it . Glad for having good Italian restaurant close to my home !
2	Have come here for past 2 years. Always had delicious food and great service. Got pizza and wings today, not good. Since ownership change food was not the same. Wanted to give them a chance..chicken wings were very bad. Probably worst I ever had. Don't think I'll be going back again.
5	Ordered a large pizza, half pepperoni half sausage and onions.   Great flavor and the sauce was tasty.   Can't wait to try more!
4	I became aware of North End through work, as our boss decided to order a ton of pizzas for us at the end of a hard week. Pepperoni and cheese pizzas. They were pretty good, east coast style, with huge slices. Fast forward to just after Christmas, we stopped by to grab lunch. We both decided on the meat lover calzones with no ricotta, basically strombolis. I wish someone had told us how big these were, they were so huge that you could easily share them between 2 people. Half of one and we were both stuffed. We also got the garlic knots, which were absolutely perfect. Hot, not too greasy, with a delicious marinara sauce. Considering the cost, $12 for each calzone, this is a GREAT deal, as two people can just share. Grab a calzone, a small garlic knots, and you'll have a super delicious meal under $20. Note: credit card minimum of $4.
1	This used to be our favorite pizza & finger place. It's under new ownership and now it's not very good :(
1	Have to say I was pretty disappointed with this place tonight. We usually order from here and food is pretty good but tonight, it was just disappointing . I recently received an email from them saying that there was a change in ownership but thought I'd give it a try regardless. Ordered a veggie pizza and an antipasti salad.The dough was too thin this time and I couldn't even pick up the pizza without everything sliding right off and dripping ridiculous amounts of grease onto my plate.Vegetables had no taste and not enough sauce on the pizza.Antipasti salad was basically just a ton of lettuce (which had some brown soggy spots) onions, 3 cherry tomatoes, red peppers, peppercinis, some prosciutto and salami. Definitely could have made a better antipasti at home had I of known that was what I was going to get.Super disappointed in north end pizza tonight, especially because I have been a loyal customer since they first opened. I'll give this place another shot but I feel that quality has definitely gone down since switching to new owners.
1	Can't even believe the response I just got back from this place. As a business you probably shouldn't talk down to your customers. Word of mouth is the best way to attract more guests aside from actually having good food and I'll definitely be telling all of my friends and family about the reaction I got for my review. I don't know who katish or whoever it is that you are accusing me of being friends with, but that's definitely no way to talk to customers. This is yelp, it's to give good AND BAD critique and that's what I was doing. Sucks that north end pizza obviously has such a defensive person on their staff who certainly has no customer service skills. Telling me to make a salad at home rather than come in and try again to see if maybe the last time was a fluke. Thank god for iPhones and screenshots! I will definitely be taking my review and picture of the response I got to a source a bit more noticed than this one. Thanks again north end pizza. Definitely WILL NOT be back after that. Customer service is key and if you respond to all your guests the way you responded to me, well, easy to tell you guys won't be staying in business much longer. Sucks to suck!
5	There is a cutie pot pie who works there, love the hat. Also, the pizza is a taste of satan's nipple oozing gloops of cheese. I dig it. Yummyyyyyyyyy
2	Stopped ordering here because no matter how many times you repeat the order, the girl will mess it up somehow. After the third time we just gave up, sent the order back and went to metro pizza instead. The food is ok for the most part.
5	We love this place! Great slices, service is always with a smile, and the prices are reasonable...If you love east coast pizza, this is the place. The crust is to die for.
1	This place used to be really good for pizza and fingers they have gotton skimpy on the toppings and the fingers are small plus there prices went up! the fingers hardly had any sauce and they were the chunky fat ones not the big flat ones! they must have changed owners or something.
4	Nice and quaint spot tucked within a little shopping center in centennial hills.  Staff is friendly and they have some decent pizza!
3	Great pizza with quality toppings amd cheese. You can taste the difference. The family loved it. The canoli's were ok, might pass on those next time. We will definately order pizza from here again.
5	Love the pizza from here.  Great thin crust variety.  Want to branch out and do their Sicilian style sometime in the future.  Have gotten a calzone from here too.  One calzone would easily feed two maybe three people.  Think of a large pizza folded in half.  It's really come along as a locals place since it's opening.  Lunch time isn't too packed but weekend nights the high school crowd may be there in full,  but don't let that deter you from ordering to go.  It's worth it.
1	We used to love this place. I don't know if it's the new management or what? Last night we went and ordered spaghetti and meatballs. It was horrible! The sauce taste like it came straight out of a can with no spices or flavor. The noodles were way overcooked. The meatballs tasted bland. The garlic knots we're burned. The service and salad was good though...
5	This is my go to for good East Coast pizza. I've dined in and ordered out for pick up numerous times.  Consistently the same great quality. If you know good pizza you will not be disappointed!!!
5	My boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch. The food was tasty!! Friendly, fun staff. We had supreme pizza & caprese salad & grilled chicken salad (was my favorite) the dressing has amazing flavor. I also enjoyed the music and theme of this great little pizza restaurant   The staff kept it clean. Service was excellent, food was served in a timely manner. We will definitely come back!!
4	We love the white pizza with spinach ~ good calzones too. Ok pasta ~ wish they had angel hair :) Always friendly staff eat-in or delivery.
5	Stopped by here for a bite to eat.  Great food!! Had pizza with mushrooms and bell peppers and chicken salad with amazing creamy Italian dressing. The staff was fun and friendly, prices are great. Definitely will come back to try more of what's on the menu, everything looks really good and tasty!!
3	The original owner sold it and the place has slipped quite a bit. She was always there and that made the difference. Still decent pie but not great. They changed the gravy on the meatballs and it is way too sweet now. It might be from a can.  I would not avoid it but it has fallen from its previous stellar heights.
3	Pizza was pretty good. Not quite 4 or 5 star worthy as some of these other posts would lead you to believe. I might have given up a 4th star if my garlic knots hadn't tasted like they were made yesterday. I saw a big bowl of them sitting behind the counter. Very chewy, heavy and if you squeeze them oil drips out. I will probably go back because it is close to home, but only for the pizza.
5	My girlfriends and stopped here for lunch. We had mushroom and bell pepper pizza and chicken salad with creamy Italian dressing that was so delicious. Everything on the menu looked so good can't wait to come back for more. The staff is fun and friendly. Great little pizza joint!!
3	I really loved the portions. Huge slices make you feel like you're doing good by eating two slices which are more like four slices. The service was excellent. Cute atmosphere so my only complaint is the pizza is really pricey. They need to give out coupons or something.
5	Wish I could give 10 stars- that is how good the pizza is! The crust is crispy, the oil drips down. Not soggy (like some places I have been too!) . Definitely recommend. Have lunch specials - staff is courteous and friendly.
4	Pizza was delicious. I love the fact that its not drenching in marinara sauce. The garlic knots was ok. It didnt have enough garlic flavor or butter.  Service was great though. We do plan on ordering from them for delivery. Theres 3 tvs in the restaurant. Great during football season.
5	I went in on a sunday around 7:30pm. My girlfriend and I both ordered the 2 slice special with a drink. we paid like $11 bucks. Slices came out fresh, huge and really delicious it reminded me of the slices I used to get in Chicago. I will come back and grab a pie with the rest of my family.
4	First time trying North End Pizza.  It was very good thin crust, hot and fresh and very reasonably priced.  Love the decor but of course I'm a Boston fan and there is lots of Boston memorabilia along with the Rat Pack and Mafia motif.   The pizza is familiar and is reminiscent of Villa pizza  in the mall  but still delicious.
5	Always greeted by a friendly staff. Prices are reasonable. 2 huge slices and drink with free refills for $5.49.  Pizza is always hot and delicious. Been coming here for years.  I loved the previous owner though.
5	My fav pizza place in the whole city!   I'll drive all the way to 215 and Durango from Summerlin or even Southwest!  PERFECT!!!!
5	Clean, great ambience, and the the best pizza!! We were told by the owner, that the dough they use is especially ordered.  My family and I from California were told to go visit this place and we will eat there again when we revisit Vegas.  The service was awesome, the decor is welcoming, the prices are great for what you get!! The owner, and staff are very friendly! Best pizza we've had in a long time.
3	Pizza was salty and wings were just ok. Service was pleasant enough, but not enough to warrant another  visit.
4	Yummy! I ordered delivery on New Years,  and it got to my house in about 45 minutes (which is what the app estimated) and I got an eggplant parmesan sub and macaroni and cheese bites. Sub: The flavor was really good. I could put their marinara sauce on a shoe and still love it. The eggplant was pretty soggy by the time it got to my house,  which was to be excepted, that's what I get for getting something breaded on a sub delivered,  but as I said the flavor was still really good. Macaroni and cheese bites: Probably one of my new favorite snacks, they were nice and hot and crispy,  and I got a ton for $3.75 Can't wait to try the pizza!
5	Amazing food. We tried out the pizza, the knots, and the fried macaroni and we loved it so much we came a few days later for the sandwiches, which were just as good. I really wasn't too impressed with the garlic knots, having other local places blow theirs out of the water. The macaroni bites were top class!!! We are going to be regulars here in the near future.
5	Two slices of pizza and a drink for around five bucks?! Can't beat that! Not much to say delicious pizza good prices and good customer service one of my favorite places to grab a quick bite.
