5	When you walk in the aroma of fresh baked goods hits you immediately, followed by a friendly greeting and smile - what a great start!Next, I'm offered a sample, I try the strawberry puff pastry, as I bite into it, I realize it's still warm! Wow!Sold! I bought 4 and they threw in 2 more for good measure.I also bought an Apple Napple [my 808 peeps know all about these!]I'm definitely coming back to buy specialty items from them in the near future! :)
4	After a little neighborhood buzz on Facebook, I made it in here after a home showing. It was about 6:40 PM and I really thought they would be closed. To my delight, BOOM--open till 7. Chose a fresh fruit tart and a slice of chocolate cake to get this sweet little party started. Being the pig I am, I decided to scarf down a couple of bites of cake in the parking lot. It was very good. This is a dense cake with a full chocolate flavor, complete with generous chocolate slivers clinging onto the icing. As I'm looking around the overload of signage at the street, I see a teeny weeny little folding hand written sign that said cakes $10. Woah! I marched my butt right back in there and picked up an entire chocolate cake. Sooooo...fruit tart and chocolate cake...it's what's for dinner. The fruit tart was topped with fresh blueberries, strawberries, kiwi, and orange or tangerine--all comfortably resting on a fresh made whipped cream layer held together with a flakey airy almost crispy croissant like crust.  Delicious. This is a modest place, clearly opened on a wing and a prayer with a dream of earning a sweet slice of the American dream. It's a fine addition to the hood and I hope they do well.
5	After years of coming here to visit my mom from NYC, looking for a good bakery, especially one with good chocolate cake, has been an adventure! Even some of the most talked about bakeries were lacking. I did a yelp search, and this small bakery popped up. With only 2 reviews, and it being in my mother's neighborhood, I decided to give it a try. MAN!!! this place is a WINNER!!!!  Me and my mom, who is a tough critic, Loved the  Chocolate cake, and I also got 2 creme puffs and a cheese danish. They were all TOP NOTCH!!! Please, do yourself a favor, pay this little bakery a visit, you won't be disappointed!
4	There wasn't much to pick from we were looking to get a cake made ...prices a little high and it was hard to try to get exactly what we were looking for .....but the red velvet cupcakes was delicious frosting was perfect....we didn't get the cake there but if you're looking for yummy cupcakes this is the place ...If you're in this area
5	Amazing caramel cheesecake!  Oh and Try their sweet tarts. Owners really friendly. I su pastel de 3 leches is to die for!
