4	I remember my first visit to the Palms food court and Famous Famiglia Pizzeria was the only thing that looked appetizing.  I decided to try a slice of Mushroom & Spinach and a Spinach & Cheese stromboli.  I couldn't resist getting only one item, everything looked delicious.The pizza slice was tasty, the crust was crispy, and all the ingredients tasted fresh.  The cheese was nicely melted and went great with their marinara sauce.  The pizza was great and the stromboli looked even better.  The stromboli was stuffed with spinach and cheese and was paired with a side of marinara.  The stromboli was piping hot and the cheese was gooey and tasted delicious with the spinach.  The dough was crispy, thick, and the texture was just right.  The combination of all the ingredients paired with the marinara dipping sauce made for one of the best stromboli's I've ever tried.I highly suggest trying out this pizzeria if your visiting the Palms.  Every time I'm in Vegas, I make sure to stop by and get one of their stromboli's.  The food is a little greasy, but indulge, nevertheless.
3	Pretty good stuff, but overpriced. I mean, the pepperoni and sausage slice was good, but in terms of quick service food, I'd rather get Panda Express here or head over to Tropicana Ave for In-N-Out.
4	I usually order the garlic knots here ...can't eat here without them. I was hesitant to order a meatball sandwich because I thought it might taste generic. I was so wrong ...it actually tasted better then most. The reason I liked it so much was because they toasted the whole sandwich. It wasn't like most places where the meatballs are hot and the bread is cold . It was really good! This may be my go to menu item from now on!
3	Generous toppings, garlicky garlic rolls, good crust...but I've had better.
3	While I was getting my tuna melt over at Earl of Sandwich, my boyfriend popped over here to pick up some grub.He decided on the pepperoni stromboli and garlic knots. The food was ok also was a small portion and over priced of course considering is located in a casino food court. Even MC Donald's is 20% higher than the stand alone stores.I tried a garlic knot and was not impressed, I much prefer those of villa pizza in which they are more of a true garlic knot.My boyfriend was hungry not too long after so not a good vote from me on the food portion for the price ratio!It was just ok however we will not be returning any time soon if at all. We can get so much more flavor and bang to the buck elsewhere.
4	Was so good I had to come back for more later the same night. I could've gone back a third or fourth time. I would suggest getting at least 2 slices at once.The price isn't great, but what do you expect at The Palms?The staff was nice.
4	We wanted a quick meal in our room before heading out on the town, so we grabbed a pie and some garlic knots from Famiglia.  The staff was very friendly, and the food was awesome!It was nice to see that (being in a casino) the food was very reasonably priced.  The Large Pizza and double order of garlic knots was right around $20.  The pizza had a crunchy crust, which I like and tasted great!  The garlic knots were delicious and loaded with garlic, which as an added bonus will deter vampires for the remainder of your vacation.
2	Not the same as Famiglia in NYC AND double price. Tasted like some typical hotel-cantina dog-food-flavored Sbarro.
4	I grew up and often survived on NY style pizza.  I spent about 4 years away from the NYC region and found myself spending a few months in Las Vegas.  During the first week or so there I was in The Palms putzing around in the casino.  Was hungry and just checked out the food court.  Thought I would give this place a shot.  I enjoyed the taste very much.  I don't know if it tasted better since I was deprived of NY pizza for several years or what.  I worked near The Palms during that time and for the rest of my stay in Vegas I probably hit this place once a week for lunch.
4	This is some really good fast food pizza! The garlic knots are amazing, they are coated with garlicky butter. I also tried the pepperoni and cheese stromboli which was simple yet tasty. This is a great place to grab a quick bite when you're at The Palms casino.
