2	CCLC is just a regular day care center for casino empoyees-This one is located right behind Palace Station. They accept EOB so you can get low-cost child care but they are not very professional and they now have Private school K-3rd grade. Not very impressive-I had to pull my kid out because he was falling begind public school kids. He also got foot & mouth disease from one of the little dirty kids. They have some really bad mgmt there the Director is pretty ignorant of the operation and most of the child care providers make $7/hr and have no child skills. I have seen way better at Kid's Quest in the casinos.
1	Every since this new director has taken over, this place has turn from decent to extremly terrible. I recently took my daughter out. Every day I took her to daycare there was a new teacher. All the teacher that had been employess for numberous years either quit or walked out. The director has a very impatient uncaring attitude. Not someone I would have taking care of children or supervising people that did. All the teachers look extremely stressed and unhappy and who does that affect? The children. My daughter had a bathroom incident and was wet when I picked her up. No one bothered to change her. She was crying in a corner when I came in. In a months time I received 3 calls telling me my child was injured. Never resolved. You get charged fees without prior knowledge of why! If you want a piece of mind when you drop your child off definately dont take them here!!!!!!!!!! I dont know how the other childrens choice centers are. You cant judge all of them for one bad apple, meaning the current director at palace station child care. Dont think you can complain and get results either because the director is also friends with the regional director connie. Severeal witnesess have heard these two laugh about parents complaints after pretending to address them. What a joke!!!!! Who hired this lady!  After nearly half the staff quits or walks out wouldnt it seem like someone would try and investigate why? guess not cause she is still there. I have talked to other parents  who had children attending there, they was taken out to, reason.....all the same. New director!!!!!!! I know this place has lost money and children.
4	My kids transfered here from a different location and have been attending for about 6 month. For the most part they are a good school, they have great rates and feed your kid 3 meals a day plus snacks. When I did have a problem the Directer handled it appropriatley just how I wanted her to. Some of the teachers are absolutely fantastic like Ms. Jen, Ms. Nicole, and Ms. Rosie. The new Assistant Director is also great. The only complaints I have are about the staff that break the teachers. Most of them are young girls with bad attitudes who probably don't even have kids of their own. If it wasn't for them I would give the school 5 stars.
