1	The customer service here is not that bad. The coffee on the other hand is lacking in quality. Actually, it's some of the worst coffee I've ever had. Some of the sandwich options are tolerable , but it's a coffee shop... and the coffee is awful. Also,  there is a fee to use your card if under 5 dollars. Pfft
1	This place is on par with airport restaurants. They know you can't really go anywhere else so there is no hurry to serve you and the food doesn't have to be affordable because you only eat there when you really have to. Consequently, I only eat here when I really have to.
1	Firstly,  the two women students who currently work here are fine.  Anything that is lacking in their training is not their fault,  and they are perfectly nice.  I think they do their best,  and sometimes go above and beyond to be friendly. That being said,  Charlies consistently provides some of the worst coffee and customer service I have ever experienced at a coffee shop.  The only reason I ever purchase anything at Charlies is out of absolute desperation. I'm constantly amazed at how bad the coffee is.  They use a  decent brand for beans,  so either the beans are old or the espresso and coffee machines have never been cleaned.  The drinks taste bitter and burned in a way even the darkest roast should not.  It is worse than break room coffee at a government job (which is to say that it is also worse than no coffee). The fresh pastries are average,  and I appreciate the effort to have gluten free and vegetarian meals.  I have never had any of the sandwiches so I cannot speak to all of the food.  It would be wonderful to have some healthier snacks but that is probably asking too much. The service is the true reason for the single star.  I cannot understand why there is only one person working during their busiest hours.  It regularly takes more than 15 minutes to get through a 3 person line,  and that does not count the time it takes to get your drink. Some of the employees are very rude,  and sneer at simple requests like for hot water or ice in your personal cup. Other employees who are more courteous are constantly overwhelmed by the amount of customers during peak hours. Oh,  and the hours? Who knows what the are. I think they close at four, which is way too early for a LAW SCHOOL coffee shop where caffeine is in higher demand than adderall. When I have more than 10 minutes I always walk to Starbucks,  Dutch Brothers, The Well or any other place.  Ok enough.
1	I agree with the other reviewers regarding the coffee.But - also why must people buying a bottle of water wait so long? The barista should be making quick sales before making a full meal or latte for another customer....or get another barista to run the register.Its annoying that you have to wait in a really long line just to buy a bottle of water.
1	O Charlie's. I keep going to you out of convenience but I keep being consistently disappointed. The female workers are lovely people with whom I enjoy chatting. But the service is completely terrible. Only one person working at 3 p.m.? I have counted 15 people in line at one time. I think most businesses would recognize this as a problem and act to fix it! Not Charlie's....Additionally, burnt coffee, burnt espresso, burnt milk! If the coffee and food were on par with the high prices, it might be okay. However it's the whole combination of bad food, bad service, and TERRIBLE COFFEE that makes me frustrated with this coffee place.
2	Sandwiches and pastries are fine grab-and-go food, but the food is completely over-priced. Of course, convenience will drive up prices but its gotten a little ridiculous.Despite these semi-high prices, the service completely ruins any positive attributes of the cafe. My first year at the law school (2012-2013), the baristas were excellent, providing efficient and quality service. Obviously, Charlie's just lucked out with the two main baristas during that year. Its apparent that they have not even attempted to adequately train their workers or adequately staff this cafe with enough workers to handle the demand. This leads to high wait times, terrible service, and "hangry" (ahem, administration that means hungry plus angry) law students. Needs improvement pronto!
1	I don't drink coffee so I can't speak to their particular cup of joe.  However, I've eaten their twice: Once for a sandwich and one a muffin.  The sandwich was subpar.  The muffin was pretty good.  White chocolate something-or-other.  It's not that Charlie's has personally offended me or anything - it's just that I would prefer almost any other restaurant in existence to inhabit that spot instead of Charlie's.  If I'm forced to grab a snack in the law building, Charlie's is it.  The vending machines never take my debit card (idk why) so I'm forced to eat an overpriced, ok muffin.  It's unfortunate.  At any given restaurant I can at least find one item that's not too expensive that I like.  Not Charlie's.  It's an anomaly.
