5	I got my door and rear panel fixed by these guys, car looks brand new. It wasn't as cheap as your neighbors garage would be but totally worth it if you want to keep the value of your car. Nick, the general manager, is very knowledgeable and I felt like I could totally trust him. I took my car to 3 other places before I found A Plus and the result exceeded my expectations.
5	I took my new mirror cover in to get painted. I called ahead to get a quote, and it was on the lower end of what I had been quoted by other places. The guys working there were professional, courteous, and efficient. Nick took time to explain to me how the paint would be matched, and how they would reinforce the attachment with glue.A few hours later, my car looks great again!
5	This auto shop deserved more than 5 stars. I am newly to the town and try to find Auto body shop to get my car repaired. I bought a brew new car when I moved to Vegas, unfortunately, I had a car accident after 2 days since I bought. I feel so bad. I did a lot of research online and tried to fine a nice, reasonable auto shop for my car. Finally I picked A plus auto body. This is the best choice that I made since I moved to Vegas. The best service with the best price, my car looks like brew new again. I can't wait to write this review to express my satisfaction with this auto shop.
5	Had a problem with my Lower splash shield underneath my front bumper hanging, called in and they told me to come in so they could take a look. After a short wait they took my car in and the mechanic fixed the problem with ease, free of charge but I wanted to give him a tip. Excellent service, and I will definitely be back if I have any car problems.
5	Let's face it - nobody WANTS to have to go to a body shop but I am so glad I found these guys. We had to pay out of pocket as well but i was happy with the fair estimate I received. Nick and his crew did an absolutely amazing job on my car (and I have a hard-to-match color) and were done a little over a day earlier than I was told. SO pleased with the results!! Nick - thank you, thank you, thank you! :)
5	AMAZING...I took my car in for a quick fix a while back and Artur didn't charge me a dime for it. I was referred by a friend. My car needed a dab of paint on it because it had a scratch. A year later I got into a big accident and that's when I remembered this shop. Without a doubt I came back, my insurance was trying to take my car else where but I refused. Most people think you have to take your car to where the insurance MAKES you go but I had no regrets taking my car back to Artur who was very happy to see me again.Thank you APLUS AUTO BODY!!Won't trust anywhere else!
5	This review is based off of a phone call ONLY.I JUST started looking for a shop to get my husband's truck painted. To start, I just needed a rough estimate so I know how hard it will hti the checkbook. Nick took the time to explain to me exactly how it is done (the process) & why, answered all my questions & wasn't pushy at all!We also have an RV that needs paint. Nick even took the time to explain to me why RV paint is different!Seeing all the other great reviews, once I am ready to get this done, I wouldn't mind spending my hard-earned money in this shop.Now THIS is an AWESOME first impression (especially in Las Vegas)!!!!!!
5	I had to get some body work done on my Honda and get the windshield replaced as well. This place did all the work and charged a really good rate. They were very polite and professional.
5	Somebody slammed their car door into my passenger door leaving two dings and a big scrape mark.  Took my car here at the advice of a friend who is an insurance agent.  Dropped my car off on Monday and got it back this afternoon.  Looks just like there had never been any damage at all.  Highly recommend! Thanks, Nick!
5	These guys are awesome.  They were very professional and took care of my car.  My car looked brand new once they completed the job.  I would highly recommend them.
5	If you need a body shop, look no further!  Nick and Arthur are the BEST!  I have used this shop many times as well as referred all of my friends and NO ONE is ever disappointed!  From minor dings to full body work, this shop does it all.  There are many bad shops in Vegas, this is NOT one of them!
