2	I was here to have a tire changed due to a nail that had gotten stuck.  The staff was not professional and the tire was overpriced as I found out later.  They also tried to up sell me on a tire rotation and a few other things.   Chain store service, maybe you'll get someone know actually knows what they're doing but I will definitely not be back.
2	My experience with this relatively new Firestone store occurred over three successive days. Days 1 and 2 would have resulted in a five star review, but the third day pulled the average way down.I first took my wife's car in the Friday before Memorial Day. Both rear tires had longstanding slow leaks. The night before I had put air in both tires, but by that Friday the right rear tire was showing low on the dashboard. So Friday afternoon I pumped it back up, drove it around for a bit, then took it into Firestone.The gentleman at the counter agreed with me that this might be a case of having put just enough air in the night before to cause the warning light to go off, but not enough to really inflate it. He also gave me some pointers on cheap ways to find where the leak was coming from and potentially even patch it myself if money was tight. I was very grateful and impressed that he had not simply tried to sell me four new tires (it's and all wheel drive vehicle, so replacing one tire means replacing all four).The next morning the right rear tire was flat again, so I took it back in. This time they put the car up on the rack and (ostensibly) found the leak in both rear tires. In both cases it appeared to be from the "stem" where you put air in, which is good because that is reparable. The repairs to both tires, which included replacing the air pressure sensor in one, ran just north of $200. Again I left a satisfied customer.Unfortunately by Monday the right rear tire was once again flat. So I took it back in, and had a very different service experience. The young guy in charge that day (a holiday, so I understand this wasn't the A team) initially seemed resistant to the idea that they had missed something. But they had -- turns out they had found the slow leaks by not the fast leak in the right rear tire from the nail embedded in the tire. The upshot was that I had to buy four new tires. The service tech gave me a credit for the two repairs they had done previously, but this amounted to only $60 of the $200 plus I had already spent (apparently the sensor's would have had to be replaced anyway, even with new tires). But he never once apologized for having missed the nail and making me come in a second time. I also suspect I was mislead about my tire options to steer me toward a higher priced model. Before going in I researched the options on Firestone's website. The website listed seven options for this particular make and model of car (Chevy Equinox). They ranged from $89 to $149 per tire. In the store, however, I was told that the cheapest option recommended for an SUV was $119 a tire, because all of the cheaper options were car tires rather than truck tires. When I pointed out what I had seen on the website (which apparently couldn't be pulled up from the computer at the sales desk), the guy said that "he would like to have a word with whomever put together the website." Long story short, I began by really like this place and the professionalism I found there. My opinion has since declined significantly based on their failure to find a nail, their failure to apologize for that mistake, and what seemed to be shady guidance in selecting tires. The store is convenient because we live nearby, but next time I think I'll be going back to my old tire place.
1	For charged $47 just to have my vehicle inspected, only to be told that to replace the water pump in my car would cost $1200 and require 8 hours of labor.  I decided to get a second opinion from a local mechanic who was able to make all the repairs for $604. Never going back to Firestone again.
5	They have helped me out several times now when I've been in a bind, and each time it was a very pleasant experience. Able to get in when I need to and fast, nice waiting area with tv, comfy seats and air conditioning, and the female staff person who checks you in is the friendliest and nicest customer service person I've ever met. Her positive attitude really makes the situation that much better seeing as I don't want to be there in the first place, and then there's always the bad news of the cost (it's never good). I've been looking for an auto repair place where I'm not talked down to or visually molested by a male mechanic or manager. Will come here exclusively from now on.
