4	We had noticed this place last week when we went to Oliva for dinner and decided to try it tonight. The dinner menu is different than the lunch menu - the lunch menu focuses on fried chicken, but the dinner menu adds beef and pork dishes, a couple of vegetarian dishes, soups, and appetizers.Neither of us was that hungry so we did not order appetizers. I ordered a dish described as yellow rice, chicken, egg, potato crisps. My guy got the fried pork dish. We first received small salads with a nice, minimally sweet peanut dressing which i liked. The waiter then brought a sample of their fried plantains for us to try. They were excellent - very sweet and soft in the middle, crispy coating outside. The entrees were very nicely presented, with beautiful colors and arrangement - even though they were on paper, which may sound odd but worked. My dish consisted of a fried chicken breast (the same salty fried chicken they serve at lunch), a helping of yellow rice that was flavorful although a little overcooked, and potato crisps that were a cross between home fries and potato chips. They were really well seasoned and interesting. The egg was strips of well cooked omelet - not what I expected, but it worked well with the rice. On the side were two sauces, one mld and one spicy, for dunking the chicken. I enjoyed this dish, but my guy's pork was great. Savory, well cooked, interesting flavors, and lots of ginger. The pork was accompanied by white rice with a hint of ginger as well - a great complement to the pork.The service was outstanding. Free appetizer, attentive waiter, answered all our questions, and concerned whether we enjoyed everything. We had a question about one of my sauces and he had the cook come out to tell us what was in it.Total meal before tip was $27, including sodas. We will definitely be back. Great service, good to great food, and overall a really nice addition to the far west side of Madison.
1	Tried the place for lunch. Not memorable. We are both fans of Indonesian food and this tasted nothing like what we have had before. The specialty chicken was fatty and greasy, kfc is better. Three much better options in the same strip mall.
1	I didnt like this place at all.  I used to live up the street from there and thought I would try it out before I left Madison.  We went there on a Saturday night, we were the only people in there.  I orderded a chicken dish...forgot the name, it was some kind of curry sauce and my firned ordered the beef version of that.  I was disappointed in the food as it was not remotely indonesian, didnt know what to call it.  We got a small salad with our meals, it had watered down peanut sauce on it. Ate most of it and was thinking the meal would be better.I did notice that after abotu 10 minutes, I didnt hear any cooking.  I didnt hear any woks or pans cooking up any sauces, chicken or beef or could smell any kind of cooking was going on.  We ordered an appe-teaser of lumpia(egg roll things) but they never brought it out and forgot to cook it.So we got our entree before our appe-teaser.  It came in a box, kind of like a bento box.  It had hambuger paper on the bottom.  The chicken was a small breast of chicken and sauce poured on top.  It came with a scoop of rice.  No wonder I didnt hear any cooking, It was basically a pre-cooked chicken breast and they warmed up the sauce and poured it on top.  My friend's beef version was probably in a cooker and they just scooped it into the box and served it.  Was pretty weak in my opinion.I questioned about the appe-teaser and the guy looked at his order sheet and said that he was sorry and will get it out right away.  He did but it was so drenched in oil that the lumpia was quite soft.  Looks like the oil wasnt up to temperature and it just soaked it all up and became soggy.  Again, he was aplogetic and very nice about it.  Unfortunately, I wouldnt recommend.  The price was about $20 or so for both of us.  We were still a bit hungry afterwards.
4	I just had a takeout dinner from this place and it was seriously good. I had the pastel appetizer, which is kind of like an asian-y empanada. Well-fried, not greasy, good filling and nice and heavy on the pepper.  Also had the yellow savory rice dinner, which is actually a fried chicken breast, yellow rice, some slices of fried egg, and what they call potato crisps.  The chicken wasn't greasy at all, no skin, and not heavily breaded.  But still nice and crispy, and well seasoned.  The potato crisps were...interesting.  They were unexpectedly sweet, but not in a bad way. Anyway, the other negative reviews seem to be pretty recent, so not sure how to account for the difference between their experience and mine. While I'm a food nerd I have zero prior experience with Indonesian food so I can't really speak to if it's authentic, which seems to be one of the criticisms from other folks. Maybe I don't know what I was missing in real Indonesian food, but I enjoyed my dinner plenty.
4	Been to this place twice this week, once for lunch and once for dinner. Very good food, very attentive service, the owners couldn't be any nicer.  The food was very flavorful.
2	It's always tough to rip on a small business, but you'd be remiss to eat here instead of the other fine options in the Sauk Creek strip mall. This is a fried chicken place, believe it or not, on the far West side. It's just out of it's element basically.  Indonesian food should have some spice, one would think. Please eat at Oliva or Swagat, but avoid this unless you got a craving for chicken and hate KFC.1 star for very friendly customer service.1 star for prices being good.
2	I was super excited to try out some indonesian food, so when i realized they delivered to my hotel we jumped right on it. When it came, the food was honestly just... well... meh. Mostly bland. I've found so much great food in this area, I doubt I'd go back. But if I find my way back, I might give them a second try.
5	Great for fast food.  Been here for lunch, not a big choice (chicken or chicken), but its good.
4	Despite the negative reviews, I decided to give this place a try.  I'm working nearby so I stopped for lunch.  I've never had Indonesian food before, so I didn't know what to expect.  There was nobody there when I arrived (except what may have been the owner).  I ordered "Telor Petis"  (Telor petis     $6.99Boil egg, garlic, shallot, finger-root, turmeric, lemongrass, carrot, corn, garlic, shallot, shrimp paste, soy sauce, red chili)   What I got was a boiled egg that had been deep-fried, smothered in a spicy chili sauce, sitting atop a multitude of sauteed fresh green beans and broccoli.  Underneath all that was steamed rice.  There was a brown soy-sauce based sauce on the side which I poured over the whole thing.  Oh, there was also a deep-fried cracker-like thing.  Anyway, you can see that this doesn't fit the description on the menu at all, so picky eaters would be advised to ask the cook to tell them about the _______.   So, why 4 stars?  Because it was really freaking delicious.  Spicy, fresh, healthy, and exactly what my stomach needed to have in it to turn around and bang out another afternoon.   I thought it was great.  Maybe next time I'll try the fried chicken.
5	My boyfriend and I have been here several times (including New Years - they were open!), and even brought friends to this establishment. The owner is as sweet as can be, and the food is always delicious. Their fried chicken is always great, though I do prefer their dinner menu. I can't recommend this place enough, try it out!
