5	I love the lunch buffet at Mirch Masala and I'm so glad that it has reopened.  My husband and I go to many Indian restaurants in madison and this particular restaurant/chef is our favorite.  I find that their ingredients are fresher and better than some other places nearby.  My particular favorites are their goat curry, veggie noodles, tandoori chicken, and their sweet naan (peshawari) .  What I think sets this place apart are the slight alterations the chef makes to the usual dishes.  For example the palak paneer has more than just spinach in it, I think the chef puts in some leek too which I find quite surprising and pleasant.  Sometimes there is a slight bbq sauce in the tandoori chicken which is awesome.  It isn't the same as other traditionally Indian restaurants, perhaps due to the Nepalese influence.  I really appreciate what this chef/owner is doing with the food.  He was originally the chef of many known establishments, but saved his money up to get a place of his own where he can cook the food he wants and I respect that and hope this restaurant does well in this hidden location.
5	This is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood! We've been to the new location twice for dinner and once for lunch and couldn't have been more pleased. The food is lovingly prepared with high quality ingredients and served by some of the most genuinely kind and professional waiters in Madison. I especially recommend the lunch buffet (11-3). At ten dollars it's really a steal.
4	Came with a couple friends because I love Indian food (it's definitely one of my favorite foods), and I have been looking for a good Indian place. For a buffet, this place was great; masala was made consistently and very well, and the naan was baked so it was hot and crispy. I'm not a huge buffet person though, and I definitely prefer to just order a dish with a side of naan and skip the overeating to conpensate for the buffet price. But it is not expensive, and well worth the cost if you can eat a lot.Place is pretty open and kind of quiet, so I felt uncomfortable talking too much. Server refilled our waters regularly which, for an Indian place, you absolutely need.I would come again, and I look forward to bringing a few friends. Hoping for some more dairy free options (I understand I shouldnt expect much from an Indian buffet when it comes to non-dairy food). Other than that, I enjoyed the experience.
2	I wanted to love Mirch Masala.  I really did.  I tend to hate buffets as I love my food prepared to order.  In this case, the food actually had pretty good taste and flavor.  The problem?  Most of it was cold.  Not luke warm, but actually cold.  There were four of us and we all had the same complaint. This was the real downer of MM.  We were also well into their lunch service at about 12:30, so it wasn't like we marched in as they opened.  The service was pretty mediocre too.  If I go back, I'll order off the menu and skip the buffet.
