5	Purchased an Outback through Elizabeth Z at the Independence location. Overall, it was a positive experience. We had to schedule a tow hitch to be installed several days after the purchase and it was done in a very timely manner. They offered me a loaner without me even having to ask.
5	For a time, I'd been on the hunt for one of Subaru's rare, awkward utility vehicles - and old BRAT, a good condition Baja, etc. Having never owned a Subie, I'd become enamored with their "we cater to outdoorsy hippies" business model. When my ladyfriend expressed that she was looking to upgrade from her old Lexus to a compact SUV with some legit off-road capability and decent fuel economy, I immediately suggested Subaru. Specifically, I recommended the new XV Crosstrek. It falls in line with Subaru's odd propensity for occasionally manufacturing something so niche it borders on the absurd. "Let's jack up the Impreza hatchback and put gnarly body cladding on it." I like Subaru. Lured in by their Lifetime Power Train Warranty, we decided to spend a Saturday morning test-driving some options at Folger Subaru. We'd seen online that they had a white Crosstrek on their lot with the options my lady was interested in (CVT, moonroof, that color). While navigating from East Independence down Idlewild and back up through the service areas of Folger Subaru and the adjacent Kia dealership was a touch tricky, once we got on the lot we were comforted by the cleanliness, order, and overall presentation of the well-kept Subaru facility. Since the car buying process is often intimidating, agonizing and frustrating - I showed up with my game-face on. Armed with info on invoice costs, MSRPs, and true-market values for the car we were interested in, I felt prepared to combat any squirrely sales-tactics that might be thrown at me. We milled around the lot for a bit, checking out the Crosstrek and one of the new Foresters. After a few minutes of kicking tires and peaking in windows, we were carefully approached by a mild-mannered salesman who introduced himself as Kevin. Already on the defensive, I explained that we were only casually looking and intended to compare other makes. Kevin accepted that notion freely. We said, "Can we take one of these for a spin?" Kevin replied, "Of course." After a couple enduring rides full of tight u-turns, light acceleration, and fiddling with the fancy doo-dads in each car, we found ourselves debating the Crosstrek and the Forester. Kevin doled out expertise in his usual, non-aggressive way: "Hey, this does this. And yeah, it has this built in." The more we learned, the more we liked. I had cautioned my lady to not express too much enthusiasm for any vehicle (as part of my car-buying game-face philosophy), and she followed that advice with such a poker face that even I couldn't tell if she liked one or the other (or neither). When Kevin walked inside to grab another set of keys, she turned to me, giddily, and declared, "I want that Crosstrek!" So I replied, "Me too. You should buy it." The showroom and offices of Folger Subaru were as pristine as the lot - well polished floors, effective lighting, crisp brochures and touch-panel info-screens. The Outback on the floor was outrigged with a roof rack with a kayak, the Impreza sport was the exact sexy-black with gunmetal wheels that it needed to be, and the white Legacy looked rather proud sitting all alone off to the right. Scents of fresh-popped popcorn permeated the space and my game-face softened a bit.The haggling process was painless and straightforward. Kevin was suprisingly honest and direct (I say surprisingly not of Kevin's nature, but of my preconceptions toward car salesmen in general). We ended up negotiating a price that was only a few hundred dollars over what we had hoped to pay going in (I was unaware my lady's Lexus carried a salvage title... that hurt our trade-in leverage a bit...). Once it came time for financing, the smooth sailing continued. We were presented with a fantastic interest rate (1.5%) and the upsells in warranties and service plans were reasonable and not pressed upon. All in all, I never had to buck any unwarranted advances or parry myself against forceful sales-jabs. In short, Kevin and company gave us an honest deal and made it very easy for us to get the car we wanted the way we wanted it.After several warm greetings of financiers, sales managers, and service directors - all replete with eye-contacted smiles and firm handshakes - my lady had a new car. Folger Subaru offered easily the most pleasant, straightforward and comfortable car-buying experience I've ever had (er, witnessed). Kevin, in particular, was great. He felt less like a salesman and more like a spirit-guide, effortlessly helping us navigate our ways to our ultimate destination. The car couldn't be better - 30+ mpgs, endless utility and cargo space, built from the ground up for customization and optioned for a bevy of nifty add-ons and accessories. We broke it in last weekend on a camping trip in Virginia - really hugs tight curves and climbs inclines like a champ. It gets better every time we drive it. Hats off to the crew at Folger Subaru - notably the only dealership in Charlotte to be owned and operated by women. How 'bout that.
5	Since my ladyfriend and I had had such a marvelous experience purchasing her Crosstrek from Folger Subaru, I emailed our salesman Kevin and said, "Hey, if you can find me a good deal on a Crosstrek or Impreza hatchback with a manual transmission - I'll buy one too." A short time later, Kevin presented me with info a marine blue pearl XV with a 5-speed manual on a lot in Chapel Hill. I told him if they would sell it to me for X amount (essentially the invoice price), that I'd bite. Kevin negotiated a dealer trade (they sacrificed a BRZ so I could have a 5speed Crosstrek... heroic) and got the car on the lot in less than 24 hours. It took one phone call and one email for me to negotiate my bottom-line, and I had an out-the-door price locked in and agreed to that was exactly within what I wanted to pay for the car. Having gone through the purchase process just a few days ago with my lady's car, the financing was a cinch. In one quick evening after work I was driving home in my own new Crosstrek - courtesy of Kevin and Folger Subaru's friendly, efficient staff. At 1.01% financing with a lifetime powertrain warranty, and 7-year 100,000 mile bumper-to-bumper warranty, I really don't know of anyone who's gotten better deals on new cars than we did. Couldn't be happier - thanks again, Folger Scooby.
5	I have purchased three Subarus from Folger's in the past 7 years and each time the experience was top notch. Friendly, informative sales people, helpful finance people, excellent service people. Never had any problems with Folger's. They go out of their way to make customers happy.
3	I wish I could review the Folger Subaru Service Center separate from the Sales Team / Dealership, but unfortunately they go hand in hand. Per my previous review, the purchase and financing process is fantastic here. Easily five stars - the staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and a pleasure to work with. But... having had the car for a few months now and having dealt with the Service department, I have to drop my rating. Service is a 1/1.5... Sigh. Specifics: - When we purchased the car, it was mentioned that the first year/two oil changes would be free. In my naiviete, I didn't think to check for something in writing to confirm that. We took the car in for the first change and explained to the attendant that we'd just purchased it and this was the first oil change, which should be free. The attendant asked if we had any paperwork on that (which we didn't, so tough to argue it) and that it was no problem and he'd look it up for us. Naturally, there was nothing in their system for it so we ended up paying 70 bucks for an oil change I could have done myself at my house for 30 bucks. Oh, false promises...- Moreover, it took the service center more than TWO HOURS to change the oil. I'm a not a patient person; I understand that. But really? Two hours? A job that takes, at most, 10 minutes? Urrrgg. - More false promises: my girlfriend bought a car; I then bought a car. We were told that she would get a $100 check for the "referral", since technically she brought me in. Hey, I don't really care about the hundred bucks, but that was really cool of them. Except that we never actually received any check. I'm not sure why they even mentioned that if they weren't going to follow through with it? Odd. - Last Straw: It took forever to get my license plate from the purchase. Two and a half months went by during which time I contacted the dealership multiple times (only of half of which they actually replied to). So, finally I decided to just show up and say, "Hey, what's the deal?" I was told I had to bring the car in and get it inspected (why I would need to do this, I can't fathom. Should the brand-new car I just bought not have already been inspected? And why would it only be on the fifth time I asked about it that they would mention this? Hrrrm...) Anyways, I consented. I made an appointment to bring the car in at 8am on a Saturday. I got there at 7:55. Around 8:10 I was greeted by an admittedly friendly chap named Larry. I then milled around for 90 MINUTES... An hour and a half for an inspection (that should have been done before they sold me the car...)? Unhappy, that made me. Combined with the two-hour oil changes from a couple weeks prior, I was pretty well done with this place by then. Then when I went to "check out", they tried to charge me for it. I explained the situation and they asked if I had a coupon? Why would I have/need a coupon? Fortunately, my seething rage was enough to convince them to relent and just let me leave in peace. A few days later I got a call that my plate was in and I could "come pick it up". I was like, "Um... no. Mail that thing to me." Long story short, I'm pretty sure they just forgot to file it. So, in the end, my recommendation is to confidently buy a car from Folger Subaru, but make sure to follow up on your title/tag/registration, get any "promises" they make in writing (which is really just car-buying 101, my bad), and then never go back there again.
5	Came here to service my 2011 Subaru Forester, the brakes were making noise and after getting a ridiculous quote from Goodyear I came to Folder Subaru.  They replaced my rear brake pads and machined the rotors, along with treating my car brakes and replacing the middle seatbelt both due to recalls.  They did this all in one day and my technician Larry was very helpful and called to check up after a couple of days that everything was fine.  You have to  expect to pay more at a dealership, but they charged me a reasonable fee and I would definitely come back for future service.
5	I purchased a 2014 XV Crosstrek from Folger Subaru on October 31st, 2014 and I must say hands down, it was the best car buying experience I've ever had. I am a car enthusiast and this was my 6th vehicle purchased through a dealer. I have personally dealt with Hendrick Lexus, Scott Clark Toyota (on numerous occasions), and Keffer Hyundai and none of them compete with the experience I've had at Folger Subaru. Troy, Shawn, and Kevin were extremely friendly and made me feel like part of their family. They didn't jerk me around, pressure me or beat around the bush. They knew what my expectations were as the consumer and they exceeded them in all aspects!!! Keep doing what you guys do best!!!- Ray S.
