4	I've lived at the Rancho Las Palmas complex for the last two years and can't spread enough good word about the place. My one bedroom apartment provides more than enough room for me and would easily house a spouse, number of pets and even a small child, should the need arise. I have an open kitchen with refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher, and stove, all modern and complete with necessary functions (I love to cook and get endless use out of these appliances). After moving from one dorm to the next, one apartment to another, I'm elated to have found a place I can call home. I searched a 20-block radius around this place and found only cheap, ungated communities with hideous interiors and no amenities. This complex is a hidden gem for just a small amount more than what you would pay at those other places. As a plus, it is inhabited mostly by small, minority families who are quiet, friendly and respectful, as compared to most apartments in the area that are populated by perpetually drunk college students playing Skrillex at 4AM. The landlords are friendly, know all their tenants by name and go the extra mile to make me feel taken care of. I feel incredibly safe in this community, even late in the evening, walking to and from the laundry room (one of Rancho Las Palmas' only downsides). In addition, maintenance is lickety-split. In almost all cases I have had same-day service and the problem was fixed without trouble (including a leaky ceiling, clogged dishwasher and lack of hot water, although these problems are few and far between). Really, the only cons of living at Rancho Las Palmas is the fact that it can be noisy. As mentioned, most of the tenants are quiet as dormice, but the walls are thin, and if you have loud neighbors, you will hear them clomping about. In most cases, this isn't an issue, although for a while my upstairs neighbors fought loudly and walked aggressively across the floor for weeks on end. Also, some units, including mine, directly face the train tracks. I never hear the train anymore and sleep soundly through the night, but some might have a different experience.All in all, this is a great place to live in Tempe. Location is superb - just off of Apache and Dorsey, you can walk to the light rail, the mall across the street or to campus, while still avoiding a lot of the raucous ASU crowd. If I could live here into perpetuity, I would, but I hope my future holds bigger things for me than staying here.
4	I lived in the complex for a year and a half, and it was great once I got in.The apartment itself was a very nice two bedroom, two bath, with an open kitchen and large living space, and a small balcony area. I had only a few minor issues with the shower, dishwasher, and air conditioning, and they were all fixed within a reasonable time-frame (the maintenance guys are really awesome and friendly!) The noise level wasn't that bad, but that really depends on your location within the complex. I was fortunate enough to be in one of the ones towards the back within one of the hallways, which while it made going to the laundry room a slight pain, the only real noise I heard was the occasional noise from up or downstairs, and lightrail testing. (By the way, the location is really good for commuting, it's right by a lightrail stop, and a little under a mile from ASU.)The only criticisms I have are of the application process, as it was really extensive and there were a lot of hoops to jump through -- and they lost my application/employment verification/other information once! They ended up calling me and asking me to resubmit everything within 24 hours or I'd lose the hold on the apartment I wanted. The office staff has since been replaced but the application and process is still the same -- which by the way, I am not sure if they've fixed this on their online form, but at the time I applied it would not submit properly if you left any fields blank. Which means you'd need to use very obvious dummy data in the things that didn't apply to you.All in all, once you're in, the apartments are great, but just be prepared to be patient with the application process, and to be making a few phone calls/emails to make sure everything is going smoothly.
1	Service here is disgusting!!I got my mails delivered to the leasing office, so I went there yesterday. The apartment manager didn't allow me to take it, because he said I have not hand him the contract termination form. "You go back, bring the form, and then I will allow you to take your things",he yelled at me, said he has been fed up with me and my roommate, because we haven't handed the contract termination form. Well, actually, we did. We send the form to the other manager a week ago and he haven't been able to notice that.He then started to check that on web, yelling, even if you did, that is too late than the date I requested. According to AZ law, contract termination form should be handed in 30 days before move out, I don't know if his request is above the law.Because I am moving out this month, and I am from another country so not familiar with the law here, so the manager thought he can always get his way.I am very disappointed with this. I don't know if I was discriminated.International guys, make your choice wisely.
