4	As I've mentioned in other reviews...  I am picky as hell when it comes to eating.  There aren't many things I like and once I hit upon things I do like I will happily eat them over and over and over ...  much to the dismay of my husband.So we're currently living on the sah'side right around the corner from this place.  We've been here maybe 3 weeks...  eaten here 5 or 6 times.I love the hummus with tzitziki (sp) sauce and cucumbers on whole wheat pita.  Probably not the most normal combination but I am weird that way and could eat this every night for the rest of my life.The turkey is also really, really good.  They serve it hot and it tastes just like thanksgiving turkey, not lunch meat.  Yummy!Pitas are always nice and squishy.  I hate hard pitas.It's kinda like subway but different enough that it's a nice change of pace.The only thing I don't like about it - and the reason my husband won't actually consent to eat there every night - is they have no kid's menu.  There is a sign inside that says "Ask about our kid's menu!" but when we asked, the guy looked at us blankly and said "Just order something with cheese, or something."The problem with this is my son has a habit of eating the inside of his sandwich and that's all.  So paying full price for a sandwich he only eats the inside of doesn't sit well with me.  If your kid actually eats the sandwich it's not a big deal.  The place isn't exactly kid-unfriendly, it's just not budget friendly if your kid won't eat it all.  Love this place!
4	For the best simple, cheap, and delicious meal you could get around the South Side Works, go to the Pita Pit. I know, I know, this is a bold statement for the area that's home to the Cheesecake Factory and other pretty decent restaurants. But, sometimes you find yourself around the South Side Works area walking around and shopping and all you want is to satisfy a hunger. You don't really want a fancy shmancy meal; you especially don't want to drop one or two Jacksons on dinner. You also don't want to waste good shopping time on eating. You look around the area and your pickins are slim. Trust me, head over to the Pita Pit. For those of you who don't know what it is - basically, it's Subway on Pitas. You choose your sandwich and then you go to the condiments area and choose your toppings galore. It's got a way better selection than Subway! And, I actually really like their veggie options like hummus and falafel (beats the one selection of Veggie Delight)Even if you do stumble in here because of my "quick, easy, and cheap" recommendation, I assure you the next time you'll go into the Pita Pit just because it was so good the first time around.
5	I couldn't help giving Pita Pit 5 stars - it's amazing. Fast & cheap, who knew you could fit so much into a pita? Those guys really know how to roll 'em. I love the falafel pita with hummus, sprouts, cucumbers, olives, spinach, tomatoes and tzatziki. The best part is, you never come out smelling like bread and cold cuts (like other chains that shall remain nameless)
5	OOO Pita Pit...how you make me park illegally outside of your establishment for your delicious pitas...Cheap, Fast, Easy, DeliciousPros: HUMMUS is Yummus.  Grilled (warm) turkey on a salad makes it taste more like a meal and less like rabbit food, also you can have them grill your veggies for a sneaky way to get double veggies.  Great selection of veggies and sauces/dressings. Fast. Healthy. Outdoor seating. Cons: Very limited options for a side besides chips and a cookie. No soup? No Fruit? Come on P-Pit! Overall: Great Spot for a healthy lunch in the Southside! Somewhere you can actually eat during the busy lunch hour without having to box out other 9 to 5ers.   FYI: Hummus is extra but if you don't get cheese its free!
4	Pita Pit is a more interesting version of Subway, to me. You can pick from a variety of meats, cheeses, veggies, and sauces. Its inexpensive and tasty.The staff was friendly and made the experience even better.
2	Sorry, but it's overrated to the max! I normally don't review fast food chains, but I'm totally confused by all the extreme positivity here.The concept? They take a pita and stuff it with whatever you want. It's kind of like Chipotle in that sense (or Subway, I guess? I've never been to Subway nor have I had a desire to), except without the streamlined assembly line convenience. What makes no sense to me is that you pay first, upon deciding what meat you want. It's also at this point that you must decide if you want anything that costs extra or has to be cooked, like hummus or grilled onions. Then after you pay, you get to choose the rest of your toppings. Why? Why not do what just about every other fast food establishment does and get all your options out of the way BEFORE you pay so you don't get stuck deciding you want to add guacamole at the last minute and having to get back in the register line to give them a couple quarters? It's such a simple little thing, but it really bothers me.Also, I've been to this location on multiple occasions and everyone who works here always looks like they are in serious need of a hug. Why IS that? Where do they find these people? Maybe they post Help Wanted flyers at grievance support groups? Seriously, as someone who works in customer service, nothing bothers me more than an employee who does not smile and greet a customer. It's really the easiest part of your job, yet it makes a huge impact. Again, SIMPLE things, but things that leave an impression (at least on me).So Pita Pit...work on your operational model and hiring practices, and I could be alright with you. Until then, the way you go about your business will continue to confuse me and I'd rather not bother with it.PS: I realize that I barely mentioned the food, but it's just that unmemorable. Not bad, per se, but their cold, dry pitas are whatever. It's fine if you just want healthy fast food and you happen to be in the Southside, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
4	Pita Pit is delicious and healthy if you want, all at the same time! Hummus? YES PLEASE! A bit overpriced for what you get, but DELICIOUS. I will be back. Again and again.
2	Way overrated. This is basically like subway wrapped in pita bread. Won't go again.
2	I tried Pita Pit for the first time a couple years ago when I received a free gift card from work. I was flustered from beginning to end--- I handed the cashier my gift card as payment, and he just thought it was some sort of promo card. He then asked for my debit card, which I passed over. When I questioned him why my gift card did not run, he was very perturbed and snapped at me when he had to cancel and re-do the transaction. Then, I ordered the Gyro, which anywhere else would not require much description. Well, I was confused by the fact that I was asked what I wanted on my Gyro (um, the usual Gyro ingredients?!) and that Hummus costs additional (which is not ever mentioned at the register when ordering the Gyro).Maybe I've never gotten over this initial experience, but I have yet to truly enjoy Pita Pit. I think the Pitas are over-filled with meat and sauce and under-filled with vegetables. Though initially tasty, I always feel very ill after eating here... I only plan on returning when I get dragged here yet again by a co-worker trying to avoid the other two chain options on this block of East Carson.
4	Think "Subway" but way more awesome. The Pita Pit has delicious fresh ingredients that you choose to go on whatever style pita you want. I had the chicken crave and added a bunch of tasty veggies. Filling and fairly healthy lunch. I think I'll add the Pita Pit on a regular lunch rotation.
1	Truly the worst customer service I have ever experienced. The employees walked around aimlessly, never smiled, talked extremely quietly unless they were discussing sports between themselves, and treated my guest and I horribly. I even tried to thank them at the end of the night as we were leaving and they completely ignored me. I suppose they were very busy watching the TV they have in the corner. I contacted Pita Pit corporate about this, who forwarded my very detailed explanation of what happened to the franchise owners at this specific location. Dennis Manning, co-owner of this location, responded by dismissing my comments due to my admission that the food was good. He assumed, "based on my timeline" that my food was created within 5 minutes of the time I ordered it and that somehow makes the horrible visit perfectly fine in his mind? He proceeded to bash me for saying that I felt uncomfortable based on what he calls the employee's "poor interpersonal skills". What a disgusting attitude to have toward an honest guest. The place was extremely dirty with tables askew, wrappers everywhere, and dirt all over the tables. I am absolutely certain that a different Pita Pit would be good, but this one is awful. The food was good, and the idea behind the Pita Pit itself is great too, but the fact that the employee walked over to the register and blankly stared at me with all-but a scowl when I initially entered was ridiculous. I wish I had never gone here. The employees made me and my guest feel more than just uncomfortable. They made me feel 100% unwelcome. It left a terrible taste in my mouth.
5	Pita Pit is my favorite "fast" food!!! The workers load your pita with all the good stuff and there is no extra charge unless you get extras like baba ghanoush. I usually order the chicken souvlaki on whole wheat pita with alfalfa sprouts, baba, and other vegetables. It is so good!!! The workers are always friendly and willing to make your pita everything you want! Pay parking is available on the streets, although you could park on a residential street and walk if you didn't want to pay to park. I ate in a couple times but usually order out. The restaurant is spacious and almost never busy, which is nice if you don't like crowds or loud noises while you eat. I love this place and give it 5 stars! The price is right, the food is awesome and the service is great!
