5	Among the designer label stores in Fashion Show Mall sits a lone art gallery advertising a Salvador Dali exhibition. Intrigued, I dragged my hubby into the store to check it out.There are some pretty impressive things on display. You can see the artist's initial sketches of the "Lobster Telephone", the early depictions of the melting pocket watches like in "The Persistence of Memory", sketchbook drawings of "Alice in Wonderland" - these are incredible pieces of early work. Albeit they do not have any canvas type paintings by the artist, their collection is interesting and priced very reasonably considering its origins.In addition to their Dali showing, they also feature a variety of pieces from Andy Warhol to Japanese woodblock prints. I was particularly drawn to a Renoir pencil sketch of August Rodin.Although I'm not interested in collecting art, it was a great deal of fun wandering through their eclectic collection of works. The sales lady was happy to explain the history behind each piece there. We had a wonderful time there and will make a point to stop the next time we're there.The Dali exhibition ends October 31, 2010
1	The staff at Centaur could care less about you unless you've got a credit card in your hand.The owner, Richard Perry, is an arrogant, egotistical human being.I can't comment on their quality or pricing, but I'd sooner pay double the amount for a piece of art than to ever shop there again.
5	I'm a bit appalled by how this gallery has a very low overall rating seeing as I just had one of the finest experiences in it. Please disregard the ad hominem logical fallacies about the owner, go there because this place has fine art by Picasso and Salvador Dali. Not just that, you can enjoy viewing them for free while the staff approaches you with the friendliest vibes. I was lucky enough to have had Micah help me out. Not only was she very knowledgable, but she was also very accomodating and was willing to help me decide on some artwork I might be interested in investing after graduation. She toured me through Leroy Neiman's work, to Salvador Dali's, a room with Picasso's artwork, Mark Lewis and numerous others informing me about possible value increases in artwork investment as well as her own experiences with it. Around Salvador Dali's area of the shop, there were numerous binders with explanations on his painting symbols and for someone studying about Sigmund Freud in Psychology class, the phallic symbols and unconscious perceptions of Dali were utmost fascinating. If only I had more time, I would've stayed a tad bit longer. For people who can appreciate art, I'd recommend you check out this place before you decide to drop by the Fine Art Gallery at the Bellagio where you pay a $15 (roughly) entrance fee to see less amount of artwork. Micah was nice enough to sign me up for their electronic mailing list and soon enough, I'll be receiving updates on new items they have. Couldn't wait to go back!
5	I was thoroughly happy with the entire experience here. Even though I came in just wearing my shorts and tank top, I was still treated quite respectfully. The quality and variety of art was impressive. Travis helped me out while looking around, and was very knowledgeable on everything they had. And in the end I ended up purchasing an original Salvador Dali.
1	omg    think about this.... I paid 250k for one painting   65k for another   and 98k for a third.OVER $400,000..now under any ones belief thats a damn good customer... !!!!I asked for an appraisal Mr Perry was very nice ...  initially because i needed it for insurance purposes...  then came 3 weeks later  still no appraisal ....so i called again...i was then told its coming...  then pressure was on me from my insurance agency and still no appraisal  Out of nowhere over a month later it shows up in the mail....  So even though I was upset..i bit my tongue and thanked Mr Perry.  His response was that I was suppose to realize even though he told me during the process it was coming any day.three times ..I was suppose to know that appraisals take time and  5 weeks was normal..   not once  prior to receiving it ...did he ever tell me ..it would take anywhere near 5 weeks... Mr perry lives in his own world...  ask others...and real other reviews...I smiled when reading some of the negative ones. It seems so real to me...But heres the kicker...Mr Perry knows that they have some kind of deal where they must take back and or exchange for paintings similar in prices..honestly i cant remember because it was  a while ago...but they tekl you something comforting when you buy the painting....   So instead of ever being in a situation that the prices I was sold cant be reasonably achieved .... Mr Perry chose..totally out of the blue... to tell me he no longer will do business with me.. Be careful big buyers...if this is how they treated me...then wow  what about  you guys..  its been a while since this happened ,...but when i read some of the other buyers reviews I felt it was good for others to beware!!!      They really were great when i was buying..they couldnt have been nicer...   but then again what salesmen isnt??
1	I wanted to go into the Dali exhibition room and was stopped by a staff, telling me that the room is not ready for viewing. Less than 5 minutes later he lets another older couple walk in and closed the door on me. I was extremely appalled. Perhaps I did not look like a typical art collector, but I can afford and am willing to purchase almost anything I like. I was beyond upset, and vowed never to set foot in that gallery ever again.
5	My mother and I were looking to see some amazing art on our vacation, but we're disappointed to learn that the Bellagio's exhibit charged a  $20 entrance fee. Here, however, you can see amazing artwork by world-famous artists for free. If you're lucky enough to stop by when Rachel is working, you'll also get an extremely interesting and informative guides tour of the different artists and exhibits. We're so happy we came by, we had a great time and learned so much!
