4	Renting chairs and grabbing some paper plates and party supply stuff here couldn't have been more easy.  Aside from the surly but efficient front office help this place was alright.  Plus, it's called Party People - sawwweeet name!  The surly office staff are clearly NOT party people.I needed some extra chairs for a dinner party and remembered seeing this place on 7th St.  At 90 cents each and two day rental - I thought it was quite the steal.  You pay for it inside then drive around the back to pick up your tables, chairs, linens, etc.  They load it up for you and off you go in a matter of minutes.  I would definitely return for my party rental needs.
5	I have no complaints.  My brother and I were throwing a 50th Anniversary party for our parents and I was looking for some decorations.  The woman who first helped me explained the pros and cons about paper vs. plastic plates.  Then another woman came to help and she said why don't I rent the plates?  They are totally cheap and I got the white with gold rim china plates.  I picked them up the day before the event and they loaded them in my trunk.  When I dropped them off, they took them out too.  They come in a closed plastic banquet plate container and you don't have to wash them!!!  To me, I was being green as well as making it a very nice looking table.
5	best place around for anything rental or for party decorations. their inventory is very large and everything is in great shape and condition. staff is helpful and friendly. we like to support local businesses!
5	Many thanks to Liz and the team at Party People for their help through this process.  I live in San Diego and have been planning a party here in Phoenix.  I picked up the rental items today and am so happy with the superior customer service and products.  This shop is by far the best party rental shop I have ever dealt with and would recommend them to anyone in the area.  And oh boy, the store is full of wonderful party supplies.  Even fun just to walk through for party ideas.
5	I love seeing local businesses succeed in this market! The store was extremely organized and the show room gave me amazing ideas on how to decorate my party. Their inventory is staggering, from linens, to silverware, dance floors, electronic equipment, dishes, center pieces, chairs, even canopies. Not to mention every kind of paper good you could ever imagine!  *Like the person below me i have driven by it for years, happy i finally went in! It was easy to load up and drop off, and the staff was very helpful. I will definitely go back in to use Party People again.
3	This is a small party supply store. The employees are helpful but could be a little nicer. The do have a good selection of colored plates, napkins, cup and an even larger selection of plastic and cotton table cloths... If you have a specific color in mind I'm sure you could find a table cloth to match! I was planning my mothers 5 year cancer free party and I wanted everything teal. Well teal is a hard color to match but when I came in to find balloons and plates they had the perfect color teal I was looking for. I had looked at party city and I had no luck. The nice thing about this place is you can rent party supplies which is great so your not stuck with arches, tables and big items you don't have storage for. Give this place a shot! I like the fact they are locally owned :)
2	I've been going here for years, since the 90's. I often refer people to them all the time.However, I had my first frustrating experience. They don't, can't or won't answer questions via email! they simply say call!Time to get real and catch up with the times. For those of us that are often planning more than one event, it is time efficient to email. Much better to save an email, rather that jot notes! It is more reliable as well than any verbal.I ended renting what I needed at another nearby place, that responded to email with pricing! When I showed up pickup items, they gave me an additional day at no charge. They also had a printed brochure with pricing!I hope for better with Party People, as in the past they were the only ones that had something I needed!
5	This is a great place! I pop in here all the time. They always have what I need and the prices are usually lower than elsewhere.I rented tables, chairs, dishes, silverware, and goblets for my son's outside wedding. Everything looked wonderful! The lady who helped me gave some wonderful suggestions.  We had no problems with delivery and there was no problem with the order.I highly recommend using them for all your event needs!
