2	Brisket was ok in flavor but was not tender. The beans I believe were canned, mac cheese tasted microwaved, cold salads seemed out of a container. Nothing seemed from scratch. The staff was very friendly but not open for opinions. I think they have potential. I would like to see the food made from scratch and it would be nice if they served bread with your meal.
2	The place is very small. They  were out of ribs :-( so I got a brisket sandwich. The brisket was perfectly seasoned, tender and moist. The bottom half of the bun never stood a chance and was a soggy sponge in just a few minutes. They need a thicker bun especially for to-go orders. I will definitely try them again I just hope they have ribs.
2	Strong 2.5 vs 2 star.What I like about this place is the convenience factor for me. It is literally right up the street from me. And for what you pay, you get a decent amount. I have gotten a two meat plate combo which runs $14.00 before tax. For this choice, you can choice two meats from either brisket, ribs, chicken, sausage. You also get two sides and can choose from potato salad, pinto beans, baked beans, mac and cheese, cole slaw, or rice.I actually enjoyed their ribs. I am no BBQ connoisseur but I like what I like. The first time they were definitely more tender than the second time i ate there. And the second time the seasoning tasted different. Like they put ole bay seasoning on it, which I am not opposed to, just kind of took me a minute to adjust my expectations.The brisket was alright the first time. It wasn't overwhelmed with the flavor of smoke and you could see the smoke ring and was pretty tender. The second time, it was just off for me. Definitely not tender and just off. I don't have a specific reason.The sides here for me are a major fail. The baked beans are straight out of can. The cole slaw was bland. The potato salad is essentially potatoes and mayo only. The mac and cheese was cheesy but too soft and bland. They offer you BBQ sauce on the side (which is good, nothing great) and onions and pickles. I agree with another yelper and it would be nice if they gave you bread on the side. Would I come back is the question. And the answer is yes. I guess I am a glutton for punishment. I really believe they have a good starting base and can be much better.They have changed their hours and are now open from 5:30am - 5pm close. They open early to serve breakfast and maybe I will check that out next time.
1	Disappointed Texan! I admit I'm picky about my Texas BBQ, but I'm a Texan, it's expected. I got a 2 meat 2 side plate. The brisket was a little dry with ok flavor. The "pulled" pork was chopped and soaked in sauce and you couldn't taste the pork, just the sauce. The pinto beans were flavorless and the Mac-n-cheese tasted like Kraft. And to top it all off, there was no spice or bite to the BBQ sauce, it almost tasted jarred. Texas BBQ has a bite to it. Period. I might have given one more star if they didn't claim to be Texas BBQ. I'll stick to John Mulls or Big Earn.
1	Horrid food. My colleague, his wife and I went here looking for a pre flight lunch. Our hopes for having found a good bbq were shot down quickly,  though.The food came on Styrofoam plates.  The utensils were individually wrapped plastic settings.  The sides of pickles and onions were in little snack sized zip lock bags.  There were no fountain drinks,  just a fridge with a few different sodas and bottled water.    And the food?  Ick. The Cole slaw came from a container.  The beams tasted that way as well.  The two sausage types were both dry and more like warm jerky. The rice was tasteless. Thelk brisket was dry and poorly seasoned.  The BBQ sauce was sub par. Overall,  the food gave an impression of being frozen and reheated.Avoid like the plague.  My experience with it was so bad that when a promo for a free drink came up as I left,  this cheapskate left without redeeming it.
1	The worst BBQ that I think I've ever had. Not only was the food horrible, the prices were ridiculous. A 2-meat, 2 side plate was $14. The "plate" was a small kid's sized styrofoam plate. The beans we clearly from a can. Van de camp beans were gourmet compared to their beans. The coleslaw was also obviously store bought and sub par. The meat was the worst. I got the pulled pork and beef brisket. I almost chipped my tooth on something in the pulled pork. The beef was dry, tasteless and by far the worst brisket that I've ever tasted. The BBQ sauce was like ketchup. It says voted best BBQ in Vegas. I want to know who voted. They either never ate there or got paid for their "vote". Expensive!  Horrible food.
5	This place has great food I try and get something new everytime I go; You definitely get your money's worth no matter what u decide to order and the staff is very nice and professional ill definitely be back to get more barbeque.
5	The food and service is great!!! I get the 2 meat combo ever time I go in. You get a decent amount of food for the price. I personal like the smoked ribs and brisket. I have no complaints.
3	BBQ was good - I had pulled pork sandwich 5$ and a good value,  something hard to find in a BBQ place - most places load you up with food and charge you for it
5	I will be back! I expected a tiny sandwich for $5 but it was too big to finish. I was able to feed myself and 5 hungry men for under $50, sides included. The staff is super friendly and welcoming. I can really appreciate a place that offers extra cups of bbq sauce at no charge. Everyone enjoyed their food but I must say the sliced brisket really hit the spot. GO COWBOYS!
3	Not too many BBQ joints in Vegas, especially those that align themselves with the Texas taste.  Gave it a middle grade of 3.  Lunch of pulled pork and sausages tasted okay to good.  Potato salad was good.  I think if you keep trying to refine your sauces and you'll have a better product.
5	JTs barbecue is simply amazing. I've been here 4 times now. I'm never disappointed and always satisfied with what I get. The servings are big! My favorite is the brisket sandwich. It's tender and jam packed with flavor. Working down the street is toxic because I can just smell the barbecue! The Mac and cheese is the best, comforting and delicious! So cheesy! I highly recommend JTs!
