5	I almost missed this bar completely, its hidden but its a hidden gem! Very much worth checking out. I was surprised at how clean the place is and how great the food is. Have to say, the best burger in North Phoenix, maybe even the entire valley. Great beers on tap, not the same domestics everyone else has.
5	Ive been to alot sports bars and I must say this is among the top. Absolutely outstanding food and the service was steller as well. Very fun and friendly environment. Will definitely be going back and making this bar my regular spot. They have a great handful of hard to find beers on tap. You wont be disappointed if you come to this sports Bar
5	This sports grill is great! Dale, Kyle and Heather all went above and beyond with their service and we really enjoyed our time there. The sports grill is filled with sports memorabilia and Idaho gear. Have happy hour specials and a great menu!!! Best of luck to this local bar!!!!
4	Nice place, friendly people! good food! Check it out!
1	Seriously? Closed at 4 again? Hard to patronize you regularly if you're not opened when you're posted hours say.
1	Went here once. My husband and I got a night out without the kids. We didn't want to drive very far so I told my husband about this sports bar that opened up right up the street from us. So we dropped in for a beer to check it out. We were greeted by a lady who looked less than thrilled to see us as we sat down at the bar. The first words out of her mouth were, "the kitchen's closed, the bars closing soon, what do you want?" It was 8:30 on a Saturday night. Really??? First of all, chill out lady, put a smile on your face, and give us a beer. I had decided within 30 seconds of being there I would never be back. The pissed off bartender served us a beer while making me feel horrible for being there. Do they hate customers this much?? Or at least she did. Why would they have this miserable lady working at the bar on a saturday when they are trying to build a business. Bad move. Also want to share that the atmosphere made me feel like I was in a subway. Reminded me exactly of a subway restaurant. Did not feel like I was in a bar. One last thing...are they closed?? Haven't seen it open in a long time. Living so close I drive by at least once a day. I wouldn't be suprise if they didn't make it.
1	THIS PLACE IS CLOSED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Have a $20 Groupon to use, drove up, sign in the door from a commercial real estate company--now I get that uh-oh! feeling--and door not open at 4 pm when they supposedly open at 3 pm.  Didn't have their number, but call it when I get home and guess what?  Disconnected.THIS PLACE IS OUT OF BUSINESS.Lesson learned:  Use those Groupons quickly!
