5	Ive definately seen my share of nail salons. This is one of the cleaness. I can literally walk in anytime and trust any tech to provide me excellent service and care. I'm one of those ppl that actually get pedicures mainly for the massage so that can make or break the deal for me. The entire staff is friendly and knowledgable. Never have that pressured sense into getting other little al la carte services. I love how they have put together a menu of bundles so you know exactly what you are paying for.  They also occassionally have special deals like 20% off services.
1	Made an appointment, showed up on time, waited 30 minutes before bailing to Estrella Nails across the street.
4	Black Friday shopping can really take a toll on you. My dogs were barking! Niece #1 suggests a pedicure to make our feet feel like something other than 20lb cinder blocks. Little did I know, niece #1 was paying for the pedicure as a late birthday present. Nice!I don't remember the girl's name who did mine. I was too worn out from my Black Friday hangover. She did a really good job on the massage and callous removal. I'm super ticklish and she used just enough pressure to take away the tickles but not enough to where she gouged a chunk of flesh from my foot. I broke my baby toe and she was very gentle when it came to that little piggy. I'll definitely keep this place in mind when I'm in town and need to wear flip flops. It was a hot hot weekend in the Valley of the Sun over Thanksgiving so this pedicure was just what I needed.
4	Have been coming here for about a year, and have always had a great experience. About a month ago, my regular technician quit and I had a male tech do my pedi. It was a horrible experience, he cut me, couldn't stop the bleeding and was laughing. I was appalled and the manager comped my service and gave me a gift card for a free pedi.So here I am, using my free pedi and I'm happy again :) I asked for a female tech....just seems like the male techs don't do it for me.The techs use gloves and sterilized tools. I feel safe and confident. They are all very sweet and nice to be around. The chairs are comfy and have a massage option (which my husband likes when he is getting his pedi) and they always have a movie running to pass the time away. I'm usually on my iPhone or kindle to pass my time away.I usually do a #2 pedi, includes all the toe and callus goodies but the added bonus is a leg massage and hot rocks.  Mani's are great here too....I do the basic ones, but they do lots of fancy designs and nail and hand waxes.Nail places are a dime a dozen, so if this salon keeps doing a good job I'll keep coming back.
5	I've been coming here every time I visit the Phoenix area for the last few years. Now I've moved to Phoenix and I continue to come and continue to love it. They have good prices, friendly people, and movies playing for entertainment. Their pedicures are amazing with great massages and got stones even with the basic. I also get great acrylics here! This is the only place I have been where the techs make sure your nails are even in length every step of the way! Will continue to come!
1	I went there approx. 3 years ago and got the callus remover -they scooped it up in one hand and dripped it over the other foot....burning sensation -didn't think too much about it.  Got home and it got worse and worse -trip to the Podiatrist -he had to give me 2 ointments to stop the burn -it was deep-2nd or 3rd degree burn.  He said they obviously bought chemicals that are not allowed here -too potent.  Did not go back until now. Husband got gift card for me -thinking it was Estrella Nails.Pedicure for daughters wedding.  A very nice man did them.  Had not had a pedicure for a long time.  Got callus remover again -different kind.  He scraped and scraped.  Again -did not realize till I got home that my heel was sore -bright red, bleeding -now a scab.  Had to soak so I didn't limp down the aisle.  This was 6 days ago -still soaking it -trying to take care of infection on my own.  Oh yea and the polish looks like a 5 year old did it -pink blotchy and they had me move right away -3 toes have no polish where they overlapped in the move to get out of the chair.Daughters have said -there is a line out the door for Estrella Nails- but WORTH THE WAIT.
5	I have been going here for about 3 yrs and I cannot say enough about their services. All techs are professional, patient, knowledgeable, very friendly and accomodating. Jenn does my mani's and has been the entire 3 yrs.  She is so knowledgeable and when I bring in any picture of something I would like to try she makes it happen. All pedi's have been done by various & all are pros. Very hospital clean, organized and prompt. Once in a while it gets very busy with walk ins and I may have to wait a little but not bad at all. Pls try The Nail Shop if you haven't yet-it is worth your money and worth your time. Takes a little longer than some shops, but worth it!!
3	Like a previous yelper wrote they are not up front with the prices the owner determines after the service how much it will be not the tech. The only reason I am getting this salon three stars is because of the nail tech Amanda, she is amazing and her attention to detail is fantastic. She takes her time and is a amazing artist when it comes to nails. So just be careful when you are asking for extras!
