5	Everyone here is a caring professional. I have never had such painless novocaine injections. The dentists, Rosen and Arak, are always upbeat. The only staff member who left in the 11 years I've been coming here retired. Everyone who works here loves to come to work. For the first time in my life, I don't mind going to the dentist. I can't think of anything that is a greater testimony to the quality of this dental practice.
5	I hadn't considered reviewing this practice until my mom called this morning asking the name of the dentist I recently went to when I broke a molar.Current lack of insurance is the ONLY reason I didn't call North Mountain!  The break happened at about 6pm, and I wanted to get it taken care of the next morning.  If my insurane existed, I know I could have called North Mountain first thing the next day and gotten in - that is how great they are with priority flexibility!Sadly, I was left to call places that were open past 6pm, and price shopped getting the work done. Getting in first thing the next day is the ONLY good thing to report about the dentist I ended up going to. So I told my mom I could not recommend the recent dentist I went to - but could ABSOLUTELY steer her toward North Mountain Dentistry!While I did see Dr. Rosen once, most of my visits for the years I was going were with Dr. Arak.  Bob D's review was spot on - everyone is very professional and upbeat and truly seems to like being there.Whether it was the attitude of the entire staff, the genuine caring about my mouth health, the lack of "upselling" and alarmist declarations of the work I "need" - or the ready availability of nitrous (I am a whimp!), the several years I was a patient at North Mountain was the only time in my life I really did go to the dentist twice a year for cleanings and checkups.And as soon as I get insurance again, I will be back!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Rosen's for 10 years. He is a wonderful professional!  Gentle, friendly and always willing to answer questions.  The rest of the staff is also fantastic.  I highly recommend this office.  You will never need another dentist.
1	I selected North Mountain Dentisty based on these reviews.  When I called to make an appointment, I was equally impressed.  Today, I arrived at 2:40 for my appointment, with my paperwork completed.  I waited 30 minutes before I was informed that the receptionist was going to call my insurance to verify my copays, etc.  I have a new insurance card and when I called to make my appointment, the same receptionist said everything would be verified in advance. When I kindly inquired why this wasn't done in advance, she rudely said "I'm only one person and have other patients to serve as well."   Normally, I would expect a small wait for any medical appointment and admittingly I was  impressed by the letter I received in the mail prior to coming in reinforcing that first impressions mean everything to them.  I was so disappointed and frustrated by the lack of timely customer service, that I chose to leave.  Perhaps it was a busy day there, which I understand as well, but I didn't appreciate the poor customer service or lack of appreciation for my time.
5	Dr. Rosen is without question the best dentist I have ever been to. He is kind, compassionate and brilliant at what he does. I really cannot say enough about how great he has been to me!
5	Good job! No pain this is a good dentist my teeth look great. My wife goes here also and  loves this place as well.
5	An ex-co worker of my husband refer us to this office. My family have been coming to see Dr. Rosen since I moved to AZ 12 years ago. He is truly awesome!!! I have sweet tooth and a thick file with all the problems I had with my teeth. Dr. Rosen is always very patient and he is so skillful - YES!  PAINLESS injections - he will try to cheer me up or say something to distract the 'pain'. ^-^ Once I really had a bad, bad toothache over a weekend and he was very accommodating, tried to schedule me back to his office asap. The hygienists in both offices are very nice too. I have only seen Dr Arak for twice but he turn out to be a nice dentist too! I would absolutely recommend anyone to visit this place!!!
