1	Absolute Horror. My experience with this company has left my family strained and baffled. How could so much damage be done to our lives and our new home in such a short time? Their "under warranty" washer flooded our new home, ruining the entire lower floor, Their response was to tell us to contact our insurance co. we had already done that! They don't cover machine operation failures! Priority responded by sending over some ogre to rip up carpet, padding, baseboard, door jam trim, kitchen kickboards and drill holes every few inches along the bottom of the wallboard. They left l behind huge blowers running 24/7 for 5days. We had debris piled in the back yard for a week. It was like living in hell. All the destruction and heat in Vegas, in the summer! They sent a technician to haul away the machine/evidence and haven't replaced it or refunded my money since. After that, it was a waiting game. a month went by while they sifted through "their vendors" to find the cheapest. We had to meet with 5 different "handymen" before one was cheap enough for their liking. After a month and 1/2 of our furniture in the garage, bugs coming in through the holes in the walls, and eating standing at the counter, they sent someone to replace our beautiful carpet and pad with the very cheapest they could get. It is rough and bumpy and doesnt match. The linoleum they put in is crap too. This is our home, the palce we come to for refuge. Their "vendor" who replaced the baseboard, and trim was worse. Nothing matched the rest of the house. They painted the baseboard a different color, getting it all over the walls as they went. So I have 2 colors of brush marks all over the walls that dont match, and door trim that is a different color on top from the sides, and two cans of paint that they left my son to fix their mistakes that don't match either. Where they couldn't cover the holes in the walls, they just left them showing. Had I been able to hang around and make sure everything was done properly, I might have had some control, but Priority was going to make me pay one way or another. How dare I buy a faulty machine from them!I figure these guys devalued our home by about 10 thousand dollars. Do yourself a favor STAY AWAY! They are a mickey mouse operation with no service values at all. None of them would live in a house in the condition that mine is, now, in but it's okay for a customer that bought in good faith. They are, also, in the property management business, Priority Property Management. Can you imagine how many investment properties they have devalued using "their vendors?"  Just think of the shortened life span of a piece of investment property exposed to constant reworking by amateurs. I used to be in construction, and can tell you this work was the bottom of the barrell. You have been warned.
5	Great business owned by honest people! You really can't get better deals anywhere else.
1	My god, this is the second appointment Priority Appliances have scheduled with me and no show, no call!!! They don't answer their phone and when you leave messages they don't call you back!!!I DO NOT recommend using them EVER!!!!!Attn Consumer: if a business ( more than a one man deal)  has a answering machine answering their calls during business hours they are a poor business!!!!
1	I hate to be redundant but Suzie's review from 6/16/2014 is spot on. Priority appliance was assigned to fix our dishwasher by our home warranty company. No one ever answers the phones. You are given a few options/departments to choose from when you call and then you can leave a message but good luck getting anyone to call you back uncles you leave a barrage of messages. And then when they "schedule" an appointment they call you the day before between 4 and 4:45p and whether you answer or not they tell you they will be there the next day within a 4 hour window and That they will call again when the Tech is on the way and if YOU DONT ANSWER then they wont show up. So you have to literally sit there staring at your phone waiting for their call otherwise if you miss the call it's not like you can call them right back and say you're home. You call them and they never answer and that's ok. They call you and if you miss that call... Well then, too bad for you. What is wrong with this company???? The most frustrating thing is that we are at their mercy since we are going through our warranty company to get the dishwasher repaired. Otherwise I would have changed to a different company already.
1	I am going to chime in ans agree with everything the previous reviewers said. If your warranty company assigns these clowns to you call them immediately and request a different company! I have had 3 technicians out to our home to repair our dishwasher over 2 1/2 weeks. The first guy said it was the motherboard. We waited over a week to get the part and then a second guy came to installl but he said "oh its just this wire it wasn't the motherboard at all. It's fixed!" 15 minutes after he leaves and we tip him we try it and it doesnt work. I call the tech immediately to get him back and of course he doesn't answer. Then he answers and hangs up on me and shuts off his phone. I finally get a hold of the office and they schedule another guy to come install the motherboard. I wait 2 days and he comes, installs it and says welp that didn't fix it and I don't know whats wrong. Another 2 days go by and now I have to wait for yet another tech to come out. I would have rather saved myself the hassle and just bought a new one... Moral of the story DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!
1	Here is an update, I STILL have NO stove/oven and it's been over  three weeks. I called them two weeks ago just asking for an update and an ETA for repairs and no response. If all home owners would tell their home warranty companies to drop them maybe it would be better. My landlord is contacting his attorney!!!!! I DONT recommend this company !!!! Beyond disgusted and when they actually do decide to show up I won't deal with them. Unfortunately the landlord has to be inconvenienced and deal with their four hour windows and most likely not showing up!!!'
1	Well Priority Appliance had to come back because the ice maker isn't working again! I believe the problem was in the dispenser, but they have never checked it. This time he shows up and pretends to look, takes the rubber off the door hinge, ( like the ice maker is in the hinge), then precedes to take the front grill off the bottom of the fridge, with no success he snaps it back in place and says he will have to order a new dispenser?!?! WTF.....Don't waste your time with these morons!!! They really aren't qualified to work on appliances!!!!My advise, cancel home warranty and just buy new appliances as needed!! With all the monthly you spend it's less hassle to just replace and move on!Wish I could give them 0 stars!!!!
5	I used Priority Appliances to fix an issue with my freezer last week. It had stopped working all of a sudden and was not freezing my food at all. I was freaking out because I thought I had to buy a brand new fridge and totally don't have the funds for that right now. Luckily, a property manager friend referred me to this company and said they might be able to fix the problem. Called them up, they sent someone over to diagnose the freezer. Turns out it was a control board issue. My freezer was fixed and I am a happy girl. Cost away less than having to buy a new one! :)
5	I use Priority Appliances both personally and professionally!  Their technicians are knowledgeable and always helpful.They set realistic expectations and always follow through.  We have purchased new appliances from this company as well as used them to service ones in need of repair.This company is above all others!
5	I use Priority Appliances for both personal and professional repairs.  Quick and polite customer service, knowledgeable with a smile. They also have new and used appliances at huge savings!  With free delivery and a warranty ... what more could you ask for?   It's refreshing to feel good after spending a chunk of money on a new appliance!
