2	I saw the review for A Spotless House and was very excited since I had paid twice as much for carpet cleaning last time around! They were very nice on the phone and were able to come out the next week (I wasn't in a hurry) to clean the carpets. I made sure that they used water extraction since that is the kind of cleaning that our carpet requires to maintain the warranty.The guy (Doug, I believe) assured me that it would take only 5 hours for the carpet to dry, so I had him come out in the morning while my kids were at school. There would be plenty of time for the carpet to dry before the kids came home.Afterward, the carpet was cleaner, but I was disappointed that it didn't get nearly as clean as the last cleaners had. Since we have carpet that is guaranteed not to stain, everything always comes out when it is professionally cleaned. We had no stains or major spots - just general traffic dirt - and he didn't even get all of that out. We discovered a week or so later that he hadn't even bothered to clean the carpet on the other side of my son's bed (which is about 3 feet from the wall, so there is plenty of space). We got new beds, and now there is a big dirty streak along the wall where the carpets weren't cleaned. There were also some very minor spots in the master bedroom that didn't come clean and didn't even much lighter, even though they weren't dark to begin with. The carpet was very wet after he finished, and it wasn't nearly dry after 5 hours - even with the ceiling fans and a box fan blowing on them! I had to put towels down on the carpet in places after the kids got home to keep them from walking on wet carpet. The last company got the carpets very, very dry and left us little booties to use until it was completely dry, which took maybe 3 hours tops.All in all it was less than impressive and I won't be using this company again. I guess you get what you pay for!
5	We've had Doug out three times over the past few years to clean our carpets and tile.  We were amazed the first time he cleaned the tile...the whole down stairs of our house looked as though we had just laid new tile.  The carpet looked as clean as ever and the best part was the cost was significantly less than some of the big name companies we've had out in the past.
5	I can't thank Doug enough for his great service.  He cleaned the rental house I was leaving (while dealing with my former, drunk landlord yelling at us) and recently cleaned the carpets in my new house.Not only did he go out of his way to adjust to our crazy schedule, but he did a fantastic job at both houses.  In the rental, he somehow found a way to make the 15 year old carpet look good again and in the new house he got oily stains out that I was sure would be there forever.  We will have him back soon to clean the grout.Nice guy, awesome service.  Thanks again!!
5	Doug is the greatest ! He fit me right in at the last minute, I had people coming over for the holidays! He's does at great job and always count on him. Thanks Doug!
5	I cannot recommend Doug Aschbrenner and A Spotless House more highly.  I have hired him on two occasions (different rooms) and was amazed both time at his wizardry--managing to make 12-year old off-white carpeting look brand new!  More recently, I hired Doug to clean the ceramic tile in my kitchen, and had the same results--i.e. it looks like it was just installed!  Best of all, Doug is prompt, friendly, professional, efficient and very reasonably priced.  Trust me, you will NOT be disappointed rather will want to share this wonderful business with family and friends.
5	I have been using Doug now for about 6 years.  Doug is always super friendly, helpful, informational and does a thorough and exceptional job!  He will do his best to take care of whatever your concerns are and always goes the extra mile!  We have used Doug at least once/year (sometimes more depending on our pets' accidents)......Doug is always willing to come as soon as he can!  We have just moved from AZ to FL and sure enough, I needed Doug.  He couldn't make that house call this time but he was more than happy to suggest a remedy on what to do.  :)  I will not only miss Doug's professionalism but his care to me as a customer!  Wishing him many blessings for the coming years!!  I HIGHLY recommend Doug at "A Spotless House"!!
5	Found on Yelp. Great reviews were justified!  we talked via phone and email to diagnose alkaline staining and he got it out.  he came in under quote and demonstrated his excellent tile cleaning equipment.A+++ for Honestly and qualityOn time and professional and very reasonable
5	Found Doug on Yelp! Very Professional, and upfront with fees. My carpet looks great .. No more stains from kids and a dog. I'm a happy customer!!!
5	I have been using them for years. I have several rentals they do them and my own personal home as well. They have always done a great job.
5	Just had Doug clean the tile in our rental property. He was on time and professional. Very pleased with the outcome and will definitely call again.Thanks!
5	I had inquired with a few carpet cleaning places and chose Doug because of his excellent prices and customer service!  He was very willing to work with my schedule as I was moving into a new house and wasn't sure when I would get the keys.He arrived on time and did the job very quickly.  I would definitely recommend him and will definitely use him again in the future.
