5	This place is pretty cool. Especially for amature golfers like my self.Being in a desert type golf course, in a cool 73-77 degree, sunny and breezy weather with couple of my best friends made this experience awesome.The people that take care of the guest are super friendly. Really easy going and patient staff. One thing I hate are stuck up staff members who work at a course, just so they can play for free. These were not those people. From the point at the Bag Drop Off, to registration, to the Cart Pick Up, to the first tee; every single person that worked there were really helpful and kind. While we were waiting for our tee time, the guy at the first tee informed us about the way the courses all ran and what to watch out for. He was really funny and seemed to love his job a lot.They had food and drink carts going around. They even put ice and water bottles in our cooler for us. Gave us towels and tees. I'm sure this all went with the course fees. They also had Food and drink stands at the 5th and 15th hole. That was good, cus I was starving after the first 9. The prices were not the usual Las Vegas prices (thank God!). I got what I thought at that moment was the "best" hot dog EVER. It was just a regular hot dog.
4	Good value.Friendly staff.Course is on the easier side, but I like it.Depending on your budget, this may be the most suitable option in town.  I would play again.
5	One of the BEST places to golf in the area. 2 regulation sized golf courses (Palm and Mountain courses), a putt-putt course, and a cute 12 hole par 3 course. They have a great looking clubhouse and a great restaurant to boot.Now what makes this place possibly the best to play course is of course of the variety of places you can play at. It caters to the high handicap, leisure player. The course I prefer to play is the Palm course. Fun, easy paced, not to difficult. But every course here is in great condition...at the Palm course, hazards, lakes, barrancas all look great. Also, for some reason up in Summerlin, it feels a little cooler than on the Strip. Perhaps, ten degree cooler, makes a difference in the summer I'll tell you.Overall, the staff was friendly and I got a number once here from a young, lovely lady. But anyways, the price is just lower than courses such as Wynn, Rio Secco and Bali Hali. Actually it's a lot lower, so if you're spending for a large group, this is the place to play. You're looking at $125 to $80 for prime time green fees. But that's cheaper than other places in Vegas.Last, there's also a huge range in case you want to work on your game. And you don't buy a bucket, token or card. You just buy time at the window and the balls are waiting for you there.
4	The extremes of Vegas life is not confined to food, drink, and partying.  It can also apply to the weather.  Most folks know that it gets hot out there but I just recently discovered it also gets hella cold.With all the climatic changes, playing a full round of 18 is a rarity and the main reason I just stick to the executive courses.The short course at Angel Park (called Cloud Nine) is an awesome one to play.  There's a couple tricky holes, one monster water hazard, a bunch of squirrels running around.Good fun.And don't worry about hitting the squirrels, I think they're use to golf balls flying at them.  I think one of 'em even took one of mine out of spite.It's a short enough course to walk, but if you do get a cart, you're in for a treat.  This thing is equipped with cooler filled with ice and a couple bottles of water as well as a golf ball and club washer.  It's pretty cool.And if you happen to hear someone screaming Fore while putting . . . I'm just trying to get your attention is all.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because it was the best par 3 course that i have every played at. I was in vegas and wanted to get in 9 holes really quick but didnt want to pay an arm and a leg to play at some of the courses in the city, so i found this place and it was on point! I think i only paid about 18 bucks to play the 12 hole cloud nine course. All of the holes are miniature versions of famous holes around the word. The course looked really nice and was kept up pretty well. I remember losing like 5 balls (ok well like 3) on the 10th hole i think it was... its the one that is patterned after the famous 17th hole at TPC Sawgrass. Angel Park also had 2 regulation courses as well as a putting course (never saw anything like it but it sure did look interesting). I would definitely recommend this place, was only about 8 miles off the strip and pretty reasonable.
4	$3 practice bucket before a round of golf?Sold! Thank you golfnow.com for a $25 twilight tee time!  This was a pleasant surprise.  I was not expecting this golf course to be this nice for the price I paid.  Beautiful course with desert landscapes between the greens.  This course was pretty challenging because i lost a nice handful of golf balls.  Of course I'm not that good so I could loose a golf balls  on the practice green.The one thing I'd have to say is this place gets mighty chilly once the sun goes down so make sure to bring a jacket otherwise your in for a frigid round.
5	5 Stars!!! Why?? cuz this place Kicks A$$.. where else will you find a course that has 2 regulation courses design by "The King"..and i'm not talking about Elvis..,a 12 hole Par 3 course that replicates famous holes on the Tour, like the 17th at Sawgrass (stick the green or lose your ball)..,and a 9 hole, natural grass putting course (for you class A miniture golf types, or someone looking for more of a challenge than the regular putting green)??...ohh and the price aint bad either.. nice desert course, challenging layout, so bring some extra balls...TIP: Locals, get an OB Sports Card..you can play this course, Legacy, and Alliante for discounted rates..like $44...$35 during twilight..and a discount at the PGA course... Non-Locals, find a local with a card..you get to play for the same price... need i say more???
4	A great place for the family.  This place has everything.  The prices are great for a round, the range and the food.  I like taking my son to the putting course so he can get familiar and practice.  5 bucks for 9 holes on the putting course is a great way to spend an afternoon.  After you had enough on the greens, you can practice your short game without cost.  For 1o bucks, you can get a bucket of balls(100 of them) and practice your little heart out.  The par 3 course is challenging but forgiving.  One of the better par 3's in the city.  After you get your golf fix, you can enjoy a nice menu in the clubhouse or outside on the patio.    The blackened chicken sandwich is tasty.  Angel Park is a great public course.
4	$49 for 2pm tee-time last Sunday (for the "Mountain" course) which included cart and about 20 range balls.  Beautiful Arnold Palmer designed course -- ravines, lakes, elevations, pure greens with nary a weed to be found, picturesque views.  Maintenance was definitely a primary focus.  Fairways were tight, outlined by trees, bushes...quarry laced OBs.  If you hit OB, good as gone.  Every rock looks like your ball.  Pace of play was not bad due to the horrible conditions.  It was so windy it was like playing behind the engines of a Boeing 747.  Country club facilities and treatment (despite 2 of us being yellow!  the other 2 guys looked anglo-saxon so no trouble there).  Employees packed our cart before teeing-off and then wiped down our clubs once we finished.
5	Golf is like crack cocaine.  You keep flocking back to it despite the fact the puts you through an emotional roller coaster while doing it, you spend money you really don't have on it, you lie to others (wife, the boss) and sneak out to do it and ultimately you finish feeling dejected and vowing to never play again yet you always find a way back on.  That being said, I think of Angel Park as my dealer, my hookup that can accommodate me at anytime and charges prices just low enough to where I always feel I can make it happen.  Im know Yelp expert but I think I just made the first golf/illegal drug analogy on the website.In any event Angel Park is an amazing public facility that has two full 18 hole course, a lighted (see they make it easy for you, just to keep you roped in) par 3 that is VERY challenging for a course of that nature, driving range and full service pro shop and restaurant/bar.  The courses are maintained at a very high level, the employees are so accommodating and the semi-desert/urban setting is beautiful.  Growing up in Southern California, Im used to my local public courses being surrounded by chain link fences and the only hazards being palm trees that look like they survived the Spanish-American war of 1848 so Angel Park is a breath of fresh air. If you go during the week and you are a Clark County Resident its a ridiculous 30 bucks for a full 18 with a cart.  Yeah, you heard me correctly.  Man, to think the local mini-golf put-put facility was my gateway drug....With prices and facilities like this, I may be tweaking for a long, long time....
2	Another golf course I've been coming to since I moved here in '93.  Unfortunately, this golf course has seen better days.  It's run down and quickly becoming one of my least favorite golf courses in Vegas.  Here's why:PROS- Large practice facility w/lights.  They renovated their driving range a couple of years ago and added a lot more practice mats and an area for their school.  The lights are a huge plus because you can go there at night.  Info on costs:Small Basket (25 Balls)  $3Medium Basket (55 Balls)  $6Large Basket (100 Balls)  $10- The Par 3 course.  Besides the two 18 hole standard golf courses (Palm/Mountain), there is a Par 3 course that has lights and you can play golf at night.  They have golf leagues that you can participate in on some nights.- Putting course.  There's also a small putting course....great for kids.  It's on real grass and not like those putt-putt fake courses with windmills....this is more similar to a real putting green.- Convenient location.  It's across the street from the Suncoast and Rampart casinos.....off the Summerlin Pkwy & Rampart exit.- Annual golf discount card.  You can purchase a discount card which is good for the year and comes with free rounds, practice time, and tournament entries....plus discounts off of green fees.CONS- The greens are terrible.  This golf course doesn't keep their greens in good shape.  9 times out of 10, it's in horrible condition.  A large factor is that they run so many people through the golf course and many of them are rookies who never played the game and have no respect or course etiquette....which leads me to.....- This course is full of newbies and rude players.  For some reason they are attracted to this course....maybe it's because of the annual golf discount card that you can get that comes with free rounds and discounted green fees.....whatever it is, people ruin the greens with their spikes or fail to fix their ball marks....both of which contribute to terrible green conditions.- They jam in too many people on the tee times.  They overbook this course.....on busy days, you'll be waiting on tee boxes and getting hit into because the course is so damn crowded.  They pack people in like sardines.  It's agonizing playing on those days....I avoid like the plague.Overall, I've lost interest in playing here.....however, The Better Half and my Son enjoy it because of the Par 3 course and the large range.  We come here often to practice and once or twice a year I will play a round here because a buddy of mine will insist on it.....played here last month, blech....but as they say, "A bad day of golf beats a good day without golf"...ha!Will I return?  Despite the 2 Star rating, I know I'll be back.
4	My friends recently had a wedding reception here and it was great. The food is nothing to brag about, but the way they had it decorated was nice and i like the outdoor fire pit. It was nice before the reception started my friend and I hit a bunch of balls at the driving range which was a 2 minute walk from the restaurant. The service was excellent and the bartenders were chill and funny. If you get a chance to golf, try the Cloud 9, it's good for beginners.
4	Planning to move to this side of town just to play here more often!Another month till the driving range opens up the grass areas & the par3 really challenges my short game.
3	I'd give it 3.5 stars.What they have....- a putting course- a 9-hole (or 12-hole when it's open) short "par 3" course - 2 - 18 hole full size courses - a driving range- a bar and resturant- golf shop- golf schoolI've played here a number of times... a while back in their night 9-hole night league (yes, it's lit - mostly - for night play) and I've been there several times to play the Palm course.I consider the Palm course ... good for Beginners... it's got some challeging holes but for the most part the course is forgiving.    Of course, if you're not decent and you keep hitting the ball all over the place... just pick it up and move on because there are people behind you waiting!I think this is a good course for Women because the red tee boxes give us a good leg up on the guys and it's not a long course so you don't feel intimidated by long par 5s.Yes, I'll be back as I do enjoy this course and I still want to try the Mountain course.
3	Facilities are not as nice as some of the more upscale golf courses in town, but I go for the "Cloud Nine" mini course - par 3, Irons course. Just $19 bucks 13 holes.
4	Played the Cloud 9 par three course yesterday. Been here a few times in the past too. All in all its one of the better par 3 courses in town, so if you are looking to do some night golf after the heat has cooled down, this is the place to be.The holes are challenging with some good elevation changes from tee's to greens. Plus only $14 for local to walk the course. If you haven't played here would definitely recommend it.
4	I give it 4.5 stars!We recently played in their annual Cleveland Pro Scratch Event. This is a great event! The staff does an outstanding job! The golf staff were extremely organized. The outside service staff were helpful, courteous and always around. The food & beverage staff were extremely friendly and service oriented. Finally the chef and his staff are amazing! The final lunch banquet was incredible.This was our 2nd year playing. The field of players are great bunch of guys. We have had 4 different teams to play with and they were all great.The course conditions for a facility that is baking in the desert heat are very good. However, my only reason for not giving 5 stars were the pace of the greens. With everything being so professional & spectacular, the green speeds should match. I can't imagine how difficult it is to maintain a course in the desert; however, I would not think pace of greens would be slow in a dry & hot climate during an event like this.If you like competitive golf do not miss out on this event. This is one of the best non private club events in the states.If competitive team golf is not your thing at least consider this spot for your next golf outing. You will not be disappointed!
4	Okay golfers, this is a great "resort" course. A little challenging yet not too difficult where it will ruin your day because you didn't play well.  The condition of the course is well kept and the vistas are pleasing to the eye.  The staff is so friendly and helpful and the place is far from stuffy.  What a great value.
4	Just played the Palm and Mountain, both were great.  Condition on fairways and greens was good for this time of year.  Pace of play was better than ever.  Course marshalls and starter on course.  Will play again
2	Was really excited to get a chance to play this course as I had always heard it was one of the more playable courses in Vegas.  Played on a Friday afternoon in March. Nice looking clubhouse and easy access to the pro shop for checking in.  Went out on time on the Mountain course.  From the get go, it appeared that the course wasn't in the best of shape.  Sure, the views are amazing.  And the course is in between two hotels in the area-JW Marriott resort and the Suncoast Hotel and Casino.  The fairways seemed to have an extraordinary amount of divots, even for a course that is played as much as this one. And I really like challenging greens if all of them are fairly consistent in difficulty, which includes pin placement.  But these greens were in what I would call not-so-good shape.  Most of them had sand on them. And pin placements were such that even if they greens were immaculate, they would be quite difficult for the average Joe. There were quite a few holes that were great challenges and we had fun playing them. We did have a good time, in spite of the aforementioned. I really liked the clubhouse and the pro shop.  Having an extremely good looking woman at the counter didn't hurt, either!I have to say, with all I had heard about this course prior to playing, I was disappointed. I know the locals rave about playing here. Maybe the other courses at Angel are better. I am sorry to say, with so many great golf courses throughout Las Vegas, next time I will pay a little more and play elsewhere.
4	Great all-around site! Angel Park is a place for everyone to enjoy. There is a putting course for kids, a 12-hole par 3 layout and two full sized other courses. In this review I'll stick to those, as I've only played the two 18 hole courses. The two main courses are always in good shape and the price is right for both locals and visitors. The staff is friendly and helpful and a round here is always enjoyable. I'm a local golfer who hits from the blue tees, not the "tips" at almost all Las Vegas courses.    The Palm course is an easy par-70 that caters to the casual golfer. Some of the short (130-160 yd) par-3's are over water and two others demand  carry over canyons or waste areas to provide interest. There are some rocky areas to avoid on some of the par-4's, but the fairways are generous and only 4 holes are longer than 340 yards. The 3 par-5's are all reachable for someone who can drive the ball 250 or more. NOTE- OB exists down the entire left side on #1 and any approach hit left of the green's surface will go in. That can be a nasty start to your round!    The par-71 Mountain course is more challenging throughout, with rocky canyons and waste areas lurking mostly on the right sides to gobble up pushes and slices and water is in play on some holes. The greens can be tricky and a few are pretty radically sloped on the back 9 on the Mountain course, so stay below the hole when you can. Remember that putts tend to be faster going towards the strip and slower towards the Western mountains as most greens slope East towards the Stratosphere hotel (you can usually see it in the distance). The Mountain course layout is sure to provide pleasant scenery and interest throughout your round.    The staff is friendly and professional and intent on you having a good day. Play can be kind of slow as it is a very popular spot, but no 5-somes are allowed (like at SoCal munis) and a less than 4 1/2 hour round is the norm.OK, I notice a lot of people posting here about the smell of the water. Yes it's bad in places. This is a DESERT. Angel Park uses reclaimed water to keep the golf courses playable and to throw in a few lakes. Other courses in the area on board with being more "green" suffer from the same problem too- it's not just here.    There are more dramatic courses at higher prices, some scruffy hacker locales will be cheaper, but  Angel Park will always be a dependable, satisfying outing for most everyone. I give it 4 stars only because 5 would have to be exceptionally spectacular in my book.
1	Where do we start? Bad greens with many patches. Rock solid and too hard to hold an approach. I actually had a ball scuffed on a green.Play was slow and the marshall could not get the group that was holding up five other groups moving. Maybe because that group was too busy peeing at the tee boxes.The green flags were not color coded, leaving you clueless on your approach shots.For the price, the mountain course is not worth it, and it was so bad we have no interest in playing the palms course.
3	A nice challenging  good looking course.  But greens on front 9 were beat up and "ghetto". Unacceptable when you want to charge out of towners $65 to play at 1pm IMO
4	This is my 1st of many Las Vegas Courses I've played and I must say that it was a great experience. I went on GolfNow.com and got a mid week tee time for $79 a person. WORTH IT!!! The old man and myself played the Palm course and was impressed. You receive the benefits of a desert course (great views, target golf, etc.) without facing the usual narrow layout that most desert courses have to offer. I shot a 84 which isn't bad for the first time around. I'm sure I'd do better the second time If played it again. Pros: -Original Layout with many memorable holes-Price was about 1/2 that of the courses in the area-Pace was super fast (3 1/2 hrs)-Water stations on almost every hole-Greens were consistent-Starter was great (advised us that all greens break away from the nearby mountains)Cons:-No GPS-The Fairways were over watered (I know this is a must for up keep on desert courses)
4	Oh Angel Park....This was my home course in high school before Rhodes Ranch opened. It is near and dear to my heart. Also it was where I got my hole in one!There are 2 regular 18 hole courses: the Palm course and the Mountain course. Cloud 9 is a par 3 course and they also have an 18 hole putting course. The things I love about Angel Park as compared to other courses: an extensive practice area with chipping greens; the food at the club house; the course management (when someone is slow, they actually tell them to hurry up), the great course maintenance and of course, the booze. I just found out recently that they have happy hour on weekdays from 4-7p. We ordered 3 appetizers (half off) and about 6 pints of beer (Newcastle on draft!) and the bill came to $18. How is this possible? They also make a mean Bloody Mary. I have the OB sports card that costs around $100 in December but gets you on for around $25-$35 all year round. This is a great deal for avid golfers in Vegas since it also includes other courses. Also every time you play you receive rewards points towards free rounds of golf. My only gripe is that tourists frequently play here which leads to some slow play and really bad course etiquette.
4	Greens and conditions much improved.  Paid $35 with cart.  Nice solid course.
5	An Oasis in the desert. A Beautiful Design.. love it
4	Nice course, always well maintained.  The putting course is great fun.  Also, Cloud Nine is very enjoyable.  Would recommend this course to anyone.  Not a lot of desert areas, so your not having to hit out of the rocks.
4	I'd give this place more stars if the driving range wasn't so poorly set up. The need to make this place where you can hit off grass instead of their mats (which are terrible) Besides the driving range, this place is a great value for your money. The people in the bar/restaurant are very friendly and the staff in the pro shop are exceptional as well. Would definitely recommend if you're looking for a good value
5	The best place in Vegas for brunch.  I love this place.  I hosted my Hatitude Brunch at the restaurant.  The food is delicious, the service is EXCELLENT.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  The French Toast is DELICIOUS.  Thank You Angle Park Manager and Staff.
4	This course is a bit outside of town, but not a bad drive.  The parking lot is big, and they have a nice pro shop.  It isn't very clear where to go when you are entering the entrance of the building. I played the Palm course as a single.  I was put into a Foursome, and we waited to tee off.  Overall the course had too many groups starting.  When we finished the 1st hole, the 2nd hole is a par 3.  There were 3 other 4somes waiting to tee off at the 2nd hole when we were finished with the first.  We spent most of the day waiting for our next shot.  There are several holes where they use reclaimed water, and it STINKS.  I didn't play well that day, but the course was in good shape overall. The beverage girl came around 2-3 times during the round, and there was a snack stand around hole 6 or 7.  Some of the greens were a bit tough. Overall I would go back there in a pinch, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	Angel Park Golf Course is located in Summerlin on Fort Apache just South of the Summerlin Parkway. There is usually plenty of parking spaces avilable and it is easy to access from the expressway.The courses here are very well maintained. There are two 18 hole courses at Angel Park. One course is named The Mountain Course and the course is named The Palm Course. They are both challenging courses for amateurs. The cloud 9 course is a great place to practice with your irons. All of the holes on The Cloud 9 course are Par 3 holes. The best thing about The Cloud 9 Course is that you can play after the sun goes down. Angel Park has lights all over The Cloud 9 Course so you can stay on the course even late in to the evening. At first I was worried about seeing the golf balls at night, but I did not have any problem seeing them. It is definitely a challenging par 3 course. You better be good with the irons. They also have a great putting course to practice your putting, as well as a practice putting green.There is a driving range there also. There are plenty of covered tees to hit from and there are more tees directly across if it gets busy. The only complaint I have is that you can not hit off the grass at the driving range.
3	Nice establishment. Took my daughter here for the driving range which is lighted at night. The staff were friendly. The pricing is very reasonable for kids.  The ponds and streams were gross with build up and flying bugs. They need to look into maintaining these better
5	We love playing this course every time we are in town.  It is always in great condition.
1	My wife and I was looking forward to playing a round of golf at Angel Park.  It was so overbooked that after hole #1 it took forever to play the course.  We could only get in 12 holes.  It was a rip off.  People were backed up 4-6 carts deep.  No Marshall or anyone policing the course.  Not a course that I would recommend.  Very unfriendly at the start.  People were complaining all over the course.  Another problem for first timers no signage on the course or beverage carts.  Water coolers were empty.  Sad course management.
2	Slow rounds, bikini waxed greens that are sloped to run off the green, and plenty of golfers slamming balls into our fairways.  On #10 we had 3 different groups on our fairway.  We spoke with a course Marshall and he shrugged and said it was normal.This facility could be quite good with a few changes.  Right now there are better choices.
3	Played this course a few weeks ago while in Vegas for the wknd. Booked over the phone for 2 ladies with cart, balls, and club rental. Received confirmation email with some details but failed to include course address so we had to call and ask for address as we had been told the "Mountain Course" but weren't quite sure what that meant. After 3ish price dropped to 70 bucks so we chose to play at that time as well we were told course would be less busy. Upon arrival they did not have 2 sets of ladies clubs and no one seemed too worried about rectifying the situation until I mentioned I would be yelping the situation. Then a set of brand new TM Speed Blade clubs were found and I got to play with them with the gentleman reminding me to make sure that I yelped that they had done this for us...yeah ok. Course was in pretty good shape. Tons of rock though. Course was packed with singles. Carts were in good shape with coolers and ice provided. Nice GPS feature on the cart but unfortunately it wasn't working. Overall, pretty good value for money considering it was a last minute idea and we didn't pack our clubs. I'm in the market for new ones and being able to test drive those Taylor Made Speed Blades was SWEET! PS: Bringing beer to course is illegal in Las Vegas...we had no idea but were able to purchase from beer lady.
3	It's a decent course. They keep it in reasonable shape. The driving range, though, is absolutely atrocious. They really should spend about $3000 or $4000 to upgrade it. I have never seen a driving range so dilapidated. The balls are absolutely terrible.
4	Moved to Vegas in October so I am barely starting to get into the swing of things so to speak.  With the weather starting to warm up, I really looked forward to playing all the courses in Vegas.  I drive by Angel Park daily on my way to work and was pining to play the course.  Buddy of mine said that the Mountain course is the one to play (vs Palm) so I set up a tee time for 6am on a Saturday so I don't get slow roasted by the Vegas sun.The course was in very good condition and it is a great course for a 14 handicap like myself.  Not too difficult and at same time, not just 400 yard landing strips without any personality.  This is a course I will be playing very often.  Its close, the prices are reasonable, and I finished the round in 4.5 hours!By the way, they have 2 huge putting areas and a decently sized chipping/pitching area so you can definitely work on your short game to your heart's content.  They also have a 9 putting course which I thought was kinda fun!
4	Very nice! Greens are challenging.  Both courses are well kept and make you work your game to the course. Played Palm last week and Mountain next.
5	Played the par 3 course twice on my trip to Vegas. Course is super fun, well-kept and a great value. Will def return.
1	Be VERY careful, I was at the driving range on Sunday for an hour, upon returning to my car my passengers windshield had been broken and my purse had been stolen. The rock that was used to smash my window was sitting on the drivers seat. There was another car in the lot that was broken into that night as well.   The staff had little to no idea how to handle the situation, and didnt really know what I should do. I was also informed that this was not the first time, but that possibly they could get into the general managers office to look at survelance tapes........... I filed a police report and after some hassling I got the gm and directors phone numbers. One of the staff members could not understand why I was so angry.....seriously. The next day I called and spoke to a director.... he informed me that there was nothing that the golf club would do regarding my windshield or the damage to the interior of the car. He also told me I was the 6th car this summer to get broken into but and in fact they did not have security cameras, and they were too expensive to purchase.....priorities, if not security cameras maybe hire a staff member to patrol the parking lot? I have been there every sunday, and actually enjoyed it, however due to the negligence of the Angel Park Crew I will strongly caution anyone going there, parking there, and if you do and this incident happens be prepared for no remorse, help, or anything from the staff.
4	Great golf, better price. We played the 12 hole/Par 3. Nice course, and a good challenge. The scenery was absolutely beautiful. A very friendly staff too.
1	We played today Sept 11 2014. Absolutely terrible staff. We didnt see the drink cart until the 13th. There was absolutely ZERO water in the coolers on the course. And at a time when you require cart path only you should keep those full. When the cart guys asked how our round went we explained the water issue. They all laughed and said you have to come prepared. So we are suppose to bring our own drinks now? They did the same to another group that came in as well. Laughed it off. Along with the fact that there was a group of 6 in front of us all day and a group of 7 in front of them. No kidding. Marshalls? Our other half of the foursome was from out of town. They were just as stunned at the terrible treatment.
1	Negligent course! Balls from this course fly into the public roadway on Rampart with no netting or high fencing to prevent it. The manager Tony is rude. He'll tell you the damage is the liability of the golfers,  but REFUSES to give any information on the golfer responsible for damages. It's only a matter of time before someone has an accident and is seriously hurt.
