5	Yes, yes, they did it again!! Johnny really knows how to put on a restaurant in the city!  Opening night of Sochu House was tonight and, being a humongoid fan of Sens, of course I made a reservation! It was super busy, but that's to be expected on opening night. They had a few issues with the bar being backed up and the POS system in the bar not working but no biggie. That kitchen was crankin out all the dishes on the menu in short order. Like a well oiled machine, they marched my food out to my table and demanded I annihilate it....which I did. We started with the always awesome truffle edamame (need I say more?) and my all time fave, Soup Gyoza. LIttle  pork Gyoza stuffed with pork and injected with this ginger soy broth that I kinda wanna bathe in. We also did the sweet chili wings, bacon wrapped lychee, sugar cane pork and a curry claypot. Everything was on point and delivered to perfection. The bacon wrapped lychee was the surprise hit for me. Now I will say I'd like a few more for the price, but still awesome and I'll get it again....and again...and again.   The wings were great, sweet with a touch of spice and super crispy. The sugar cane pork has also been one of my faves and I'm glad it's on the menu again. The claypot was super good too and for $10, it's a great must-try. All total, our bill was just over $40 and I couldn't be happier (well maybe if Salma Hayek and Jennifer Lopez were fighting over me, that might win..slightly).  Overall, great spot and loving the new location (stumbling distance from my pad). I look forward to many drunk nights at Sochu gobbling down the awesome food that the kitchen has to massacre me with!!!
4	I came here on opening night to find the cool, dimly lit bar PACKED with eager drinkers. A dj was cranking out tunes, wine was being served The bar is really cool...I would want to come back and have sexy cocktails (or sexy Sapporo which I'm happy to report is on tap). At the back of the bar is a very small lounge area...unless you're here before happy hour starts you probably won't get to park it here.The restaurant area is in stark contrast to the bar as it is brightly lit with in a white modern motif.There is also an outdoor dining area that will no doubt be a wasteland until summer is over.  I heard some people complaining about the slow service and the credit card terminal being uncooperative. These are not fair criticisms because it's opening night and that's to be expected.I didn't try any of the food but  I was able to do quick visual and olfactory surveys of the food being consumed at the bar. I'm happy to report that everything looked and smelled great. I'll give them a few weeks before I return for the full experience but I'm looking forward to it. I'm pretty excited about Sochu House and hope their opening night was a resounding success.
5	A new Gem has opened in Central Phoenix! And as everyone has said, it's an odd location, but very daring! Walking up to this place I never expected what was inside, it was like Christmas! I seriously felt like I was in LA, and completely forgot where I was (not because of cocktails either! lol). Such a BEAUTIFUL ambiance. I always hit up new restaurants during their off times so I can really have a great experience, and I did!  Excellent service ( Johnny, the owner, was able to chat with us for a while and was very gracious), excellent food with great flavors ( I usually don't care for tapas because I like larger portions, but these were great sizes), and excellent deals all around (great happy hour, etc.).  I think Phoenix is dying for more of these late night, trendy spots. Johnny is taking a great risk with this location, and I'm hoping it will take off! He got it right by being a hop and a skip off the light rail. Hope you check it out and support this new awesomeness!! And hopefully others will follow:)
4	Owner and head chef came to our table to see how things were. This mean a lot when I eat somewhere. He told us about how some of the things were cooked and the unique things they do. It was nice and quiet, I could actually talk to my wife rather than yelling at her due to loud music. Interior is very cool, need more stuff like this in Phoenix. Very white but dim lights and minimalist. Not crammed in either, lots of room. We'll absolutely come back and often. So glad this place is open finally.
5	Were able to check out Johnny and Linda's latest culinary adventure, having missed Sens since they moved uptown to Thomas and Central.  Same predictably good food as Sens in a very pleasant setting, with the always friendly staff.  We went after only the first week, and they seemed to have ironed out the opening jitters.  As with Sens, Sochu will be our go to restaurant for Asian cuisine.  The Tapas menu was expanded and updated from Sens, and they've added some entree items as well.Bill and BobPhoenix
2	Food - Delicious.  Interior - Beautiful.  Everything else - Horrible.I had high hopes for Sochu House and was prepared for some kinks based on the reviews.  After having my In-Laws come down for lunch on a Wednesday, kinks are definitely what we experienced .We were sat at a wet table, thank you for wiping it clean but maybe have a dry cloth as well.  We ordered drinks, after waiting about 10 minutes, and waited another 15 minutes before another server checked on us to which we had to ask about our drinks.  We were then informed that 2 of the drinks ordered, Sapporo Draft, were unavailable.  I canceled the beer order.  Luckily we ordered our food at the same time we ordered our drinks.Having Tapas on your menu is great, and when we order food and specifically ask to "start with..." I would expect that to be noted.  Instead our food was brought out at random.  We enjoyed the White Truffle Edamame, super tasty.  We also had the wings, spicy and tasty, along with the crispy wanton, very tasty and the sauces that accompanied them were great.  My Wife and her Father had the Pad Thai, I thought it was good, but they said it was spicy.  I enjoyed the lunch special but have since forgotten the name.  We also had the crispy fish salad.  All of the food was delicious and well worth every penny.What put the cherry on top of a "bad service sundae" was when a glass of water was spilled in the lap of my Mother In-Law during clearing the table.  When something like this happens it is an accident and easily understood if a simple, sincere apology is given, and maybe even a Manager told about what happened, neither of these were done.  After this we receive our check with our canceled drinks still on the tab, this too had to be brought to our server's attention to be removed.What kept this from being a total rant on bad service is because the Manager stopped us on our way out and asked why one of us had wet pants and whose fault it was.  Had this gone unnoticed I don't think that even the wonderful food could justify a one star rating.   She in turn refunded our bill, thank you. I do hope that this is one of the last low star ratings Sochu receives.  The restaurant has great potential and a tasty menu to back it up.  Maybe this was a learning experience for us all.
2	Sens was our favorite restaurant in Phoenix, so naturally we were excited to try this new creation.  Unfortunately we had one of the worst service experiences we have ever had, we didnt even get to try the menu.  The bartenders were nothing short of terrible, unsociable, handled a busy bar as if they had never tended before, and actually got mad at patrons for requesting drinks.  We were told we would be sat next, however, after 60 minutes of waiting and two groups were sat ahead of us, we decided it was time to leave.  fortunately, we will be back, becuase we really do want to love this place as much as Sens, I just hope they get their sh*t together by the time we go back.
5	This place is So Johnny Chu. Sochu. So good.Basically this seems to be a larger Sens (my ultimate favorite restaurant...RIP) with a more streamlined menu. Whatever, it fills that void in me that so longs to eat every meal of every day at one place.My happy hour was especially ecstatic because of all the terrific items on their $5 menu. Soup gyoza. Chicken lollipops. Spicy chicken wontons, to name a few. Seriously, I could have ordered one of everything on this menu and been a very happy person. This was my friend Lio's first time at a JChu restaurant and he really enjoyed it. And being right off light rail makes Sochu that much more accessible. I already want to be back there.
1	I also had high hopes for this establishment.I didn't even get to taste the food, because I was so irritated by the service.  Or rather should I say, I was bothering the bartender by sitting at her bar, patiently waiting for 10 minutes.  I wasn't even asked if I needed a menu, or a drink, nothing.However, the menu looks delicious, inside is gorgeous, and with the right people making that place exciting, it could be another packed place on Central. This place has great potential and I was really excited to try it out and spread the word.  :/ Good luck Sochu.
4	Sochu is so delicious, so posh, sooo...not Phoenix.  But its a welcome change! The interior is swanky with bright white and pink with dimly lit lights with fabulous textures everywhere. Don't judge it by the exterior or location. I felt like I was in LA or London.  The restaurant is separated from the bar area, where you can find well crafted cocktails and (my weakness) a reverse happy hour! The food reminded me of an old favorite, Fate, with perfectly cooked tofu and a plentiful vegetarian selection.  My coworkers and I dined happily on their reasonably priced lunch menu while Mr. Johnny Chu came around to chat and get feedback - he also sent us back to work with menus and said that if we are rushed on lunch break, we are welcome to call in our orders so our food can be waiting when we arrived. Nice touch! I want to try more on the menu and can't wait to be back!
4	We went here to see DJ Colette recently. I'd never even heard of this place. I did some searching online and realized I've been to their other establishments (which I love!)We ended up having food and drinks. Tapas were served very quickly and they were delicious. Having been to Sens & Mint Lounge I was expecting great food. That was delivered for sure. Sugar cane pork, chicken lollipops, and quail all turned out to be good choices!  The waitress was kind of slow on getting drink to us. Which was mostly annoying because  I could see the bar and watched my order sit there for almost 10 minutes (yes I timed it). It was a little on the busy side being a Friday and all but I also kept an eye on what she was doing and it wasn't always take care of another table....other than that I have no complaints really.The exec. chef was walking around the whole night. He stopped by to chat and make sure were enjoying our food and drinks. The drink menu is a but pricey ($10+ each) but they are mostly martini's and they are of course strong. Beware they taste light but they pack a punch later. There are lots of different drinks to choose from. The flavor combinations are awesome. Strawberry Basil was good and the Lush is ah-mazing!  If you like sweet drinks have a White Sin. Do eeeet! I went here last weekend just to pop in for one of these. White chocolate raspberry deliciousness. It's out of the way fo me but anytime I'm in Phoenix If I can I would definitely stop in here. At least for a drink!
5	I am a Johnny Chu follower from the days of Fait and Sens so I had to check it out! I obviously went in with high expectations and they were beat within the first two seconds. Service was fab, food was spectacular and ambiance was perfect. My group shared the following: sizzling shrimp (app), sugar cane pork (app) and a special that isn't on the menu yet... the Asian Chicken. ALL OF THE FOOD WAS AMAZING. Perfectly spiced/seasoned without going over board, cooked to the proper consistency and temperature. I swear I could eat here every day and never get sick of it. EVER! :)  Our server remembered us from Sens and had our Saki out in seconds (Yaegaki Blue is fab if you are curious). Johnny stopped by the table to chat. Food was out in perfect timing.... I cannot say enough great things about Sochu House! Another excellent Johnny Chu restaurant... and possibly the best one yet! :)
5	"Burger place...Dominoe's...Nail spa...liquor store...oh, what is this place at the end of the sketchy strip mall? Asian FUSION? bleh...well, I need a drink so why not?"That was my impression as I walked up to Sochu for the first time on a Sunday night. I opened the door and was immediately impressed. Super chic decor. When I was in Boston I frequented places like Cuchi Cuchi and Pho Republique, so it was a nice touch of nostalgia after moving away from the East Coast.I sat at the bar and was greeted by Casey, a super friendly sweetheart. My first drink was the Mandarin Raimu, a light and fruity delicious saketini.Next...the miso soup. I was expecting a tiny bowl of brownish liquid with rehydrated seaweed and maybe some bonus tofu bits. Thank goodness I was soooo wrong. What I got was a heaping pot of miso deliciousness. The piping hot broth had a rich and silky quality. It was loaded with mushrooms, tofu, and curious tender little rice dumplings.Next was the almond fish (tapas). It was a moist flaky strip of white fish wrapped in a delicate thin layer of crisp tempura batter, topped with almonds and spices. The sauces that were served on the side had the type of spiciness that you can only get from freshly ground ingredients. One was pickled wasabi...REAL wasabi. The other was a chili-peanut sauce. Heavenly.My desert was a chocolate coconut sake martini. A yummy and creamy ending (#noporno) to a great light meal. I will definitely be coming back on a regular basis.
4	Joined some of my peeps here for dinner the other night.  I hadn't heard of this joint yet, so I had no idea what to expect.  I was the first to arrive, and was greeted in a timely fashion.  I was slightly put off at first, because each time the server came to the table to take drink orders, she appeared to be on her phone.  Oh, that's gonna go on Yelp for sure! But, I figured out that that's how they take down orders there (I confirmed this with her) so no points off for that!  So, their menu has entree sized portions, but they encourage doing the smaller plates and sharing (i.e. Asian tapas).  Unfortch, all of my dining cohorts were meat eaters and I wasn't super hungry, so I just ordered the Green Papaya salad with crispy tofu.  The salad was delish and was dressed in a spicy citrus vinaigrette.  My friends ordered all kinds of stuff, including: Chicken Lollipops, Sugar Cane Pork (like a mini kebab but on a piece of sugar cane), BBQ Short Ribs, which everyone agreed was one of their least favorites, Pad Thai, Spring Rolls, Truffle Edamame, and much more.  Some of the folks enjoyed some adult drinks, one was called Blue Winter.  It was a martini with house-infused loganberry vodka and blue curacao and a sugared rim.  Another friend had the White Sin made of frou frou stuff.  For desserts, they ordered the Green Tea Cheesecake (which came garnished with some pink sauce that tasted like some kind of childhood bubblegum flavored medicine) and dessert wontons.  Two of the diners ordered an after dinner drink made with white and dark chocolate Godiva liqueur and Frangelico (except the didn't have that so they used Kahlua instead).The decor was pretty sexy: white walls, red curtains, sexually charged artwork, blue lights.  I felt like getting it on as soon as I walked in the door.  Kudos.All in all, we had a great time and enjoyed the food, drinks and service quite nicely.  I will definitely be back!
5	Unique Flavors, Unique atmosphere and what an interesting concept of tapas style dinning.  live Dj on the weekends.I was with a large group, and had a great time, the entire evening at Sochu House, an Asian family style dinning. . Fancy food, sometimes even over the top and if your new like I was you have your idea of the dish and the kitchen's dishes are far more creative than i could think. Some are  Small but powerful kind of Asian style marshal arts of the Phoenix culinary world.  Let me put it this way I don't know anyone who has put a more powerful impact in the last decade to Phoenix.  Great to see Johnny follow the light rail.  Why Five stars, Because a restaurant like this is a living art of modern food.  Some call hip or trendy either way hard to count the restaurants that offer a progressive.   I love the detail all over the Sochu House.  I get board easily and start trying to notice the little industry things. here, One thing that stands out is the work ethic of Johnny.  He was personable with tables and even assist with service in the restaurant. I give this a high note, this is one of the few personal touches that will land this place as a great restaurant to enjoy Phoenix.  Well go and enjoy,  Central just South of Thomas, I head north on Central to get there.  2801 N. Central Ave Phoenix Asian Dinning.
4	It was my first time going here. The interior is very unique, dimmed-lights, and it looks really elegant. There's like asian culture stacked in different places and even a bar. Their menu is all about sharing. That's what this one waitress to me that they wanted to influence sharing. Tapas are what they called. It's small dishes and usually its shared around the table. It ranges from 4 to maybe 12 bucks for the tapas? I'm not sure. I got the dumpling one and it's good and crispy. On their menu, it has family styles and we ordered one and I recommend the ones with sour chicken because it's good. Although it's little amounts, it's still has good flavors. Anyways the setting and food would be best recommended for a date or a business related things.
4	Great food, great drinks & good service. Nice happy hour prices.Interesting atmosphere; would go back again soon
5	My friends and I meandered into this place Saturday night at 11pm... starving.We're huge huge HUGE fans of soup dumplings, and were pleasantly suprised to find out this place has reverse happy hour on food and drinks, and the soup dumplings were discounted!YES!@!!!!We ended up with 7 orders of soup dumplings, a sugar can pork, and two duck confits.  Everything was AMAZING.So happy/lucky to have a place like this in Phx :)
5	LOVED LOVED LOVED this spot that works great for lunch!The clean fresh decor was very inviting, service was phenomenal and the FOOODDD was fresh, flavor-able and great value for the price.They have only been open 3 months and I hope more people will notice that they do a great lunch service as well as Happy Hour and lounge....that serves food until 1:00 am!I had the House Dynamite that was aptly named because it was DY-NA-MITE!The sweet-spicy sauce on moist chicken and crunchy vegetable was perfectly prepared.  My friend enjoyed the Pad Thai with tofu that could have used a little marinading but the noodles and sauce were perfect.We will definitely be back!
4	Really this is a 3.5 star place, but I'll give it the benefit of the doubt with 4 stars.  Great decor and feel to this place, great happy hour, great service, but the food was just ok.  I tried the house dynamite with chicken...I didn't like that the chicken was breaded/fried and the sauce was just uncomfortably spicy that it made it unenjoyable.  Didn't like that they charge you for rice when clearly the meal needs it too!  Would definitely come back for cocktails though...the Lust martini was delish!
5	First visit tonight with a favorite dining companion, and we had great fun. It's in a chic, comfortable space made more so by a relaxed, adult vibe with a play list to match. The second we arrived, we started making lists of people we wanted to bring. Even though we were only able to try three items between us -- there's lots more to investigate -- what we had was excellent and, since it's tapas, nicely timed. In the end, there was green tea cheesecake. As at his previous establishments, Mr. Chu is a perfect host and the service is the best kind of casual.
1	Amazing ambiance, amazing beats, the appetizers and martini's were great but the service was a complete disappointment. They are severely understaffed. They did not have a hostess when we walked in and waited10 minutes before anyone talked to us. There were 3 other couples waiting before us too-who knows how long they were waiting for.  Then a waiter stopped by to tell us there was a 20 minute wait and he left all of us standing there without taking down our names.  We decided to take matters into our own hands and decided to write our names down in the books to "reserve" a table. Next we decided to sit in the bar and waited an additional 10 minutes before we were asked if we wanted drinks. Once we got drinks, the dirty martini's were great, we had to wait another 15 minutes before ordering appetizers. Once we got appetizers we were forgotten. Forty minutes later we decided to get our check. After telling the manager about our bad experience she did offer to give us our meal on the house but it was already 950pm (we got in just after 8pm) and we didn't want to wait another hour to eat. Good eats and drinks, but epic fail with customer experience. Not sure I will come back. It's a shame how poor customer service can ruin great food.
4	Came here with a Groupon, not sure I would come back without another discount unless it was happy hour. Although the food was good, without the Groupon our bill would have been $45 and the friend who I dined with wasn't even totally full at the end of the meal.The food:-Truffle Edamame $4: warm, buttery, flavorful, good amount of food, but too salty-Pork Gyoza Soup $6: overpriced for what you get, you get 4 dumplings which are supposedly filled with soup and pork. unfortunately, the way our dumplings were made they stuck to each other and the bottom of the plate so they ripped open when we picked them up and the "soup" spilled out. only 1 dumpling made it to my mouth intact and the soup was alright, nothing to write home about-Ginger Mint Duck Salad $9: good value - you get a few slices of duck meat on top of a bed of shredded cabbage, the dressing was very good, tasted like a traditional Vietnamese salad -- I would come back to this place for that salad, but watch out for the spice. I like spicy and this had my mouth tingling for a little while after-House Dynamite with Chicken $11: okay value, but they should serve it with rice or recommend that you order a side of rice when you place your order. rice is cheap so it's annoying that they skimp on this. the other reviews saying this dish is spicy are NOT true. I barely tasted any spice at all, even though the plate was covered in red pepper flakes, they weren't hot. I liked the assortment of veggies, including baby corn, that they used in this dish-Mango Monkey Martini $11: yuck. I'm not a big alcohol drinker and this was way too strong for my taste and sort of reminded me of medicine. my friend thought it was okay, but also really strong. I don't think ginger and mango are the right flavors to mix together.service: great and friendly, came on a Wednesday ngiht at 7 PM so the place only had two other tables than us, not a long wait for food at all, the cucumber infused water is a nice touch.
5	Sens redux. Only bigger, cooler lighting, and more bathrooms.The only draw back to the move was that it is no longer within walking distance. I have to drive or take the light rail. First world problems. The food is still spot on. The changing choices of beers is great too. Reverse happy hours have taken some money from me. Take a date here. Putty in your hands. It can be a little loud from the DJ, but do you really need to hear what she is saying anyway? I kid.I will be moving down the street from this place soon, so I see more visits in the future and maybe some long walks home.
4	A delicious Asian fusion restaurant and bar. The food was piping hot and came quickly. The drinks and sake were delicious and intoxicating. Be careful they are strong! Always a lively place. This place is a gem in the uptown Phoenix financial district.
2	We had the potstickers, kobe beef skewers, red curry clay pot and sizzling shrimp. All of the items were mediocre at best. The potstickers were deep-fried and way overdone. The beef was also overcooked and somewhat flavorless. The curry was very spicy but otherwise strangely bland. Steamed rice was extra and came in a cup sized bowl. If I had been told that the shrimp dish was store-bought and microwaved, I would not have argued with that.Service was normal. Music was annoying club tunes and too loud for 6pm. All in all, I'm glad we had a groupon and didn't have to pay full price for a decidedly below average dining experience.
2	I have to say ... I was not impressed. The food was all pretty good and it looks like they have some good drink and other specials. But the regular menu is over- and haphazardly priced. We had pot stickers ($6), Kobe beef skewers (the Tapas special for the day and the best dish of the night and reasonably priced at $11) and flat noodles with chicken ($11 but a small portion). We also ordered some hot and sour soup which I haven't tried yet because it never arrived until we were finished with all our other food. The waitress said the delay was because the soup was "made to order." Regardless, I had her wrap it up and was frankly a bit shocked that $15 ($11 for the soup and an extra $4 I wasn't expecting for the shrimp option) bought me about 1 pint of soup. Some stuff seemed reasonably priced but the chicken dish and soup were overpriced - the soup ridiculously so. The hip ambiance just ain't worth that! Sorry - next time I'm paying half the price and getting twice as much food at the decidedly unhip (but dependable) China Chili down the street.
4	I went here last night with the BF to use a Groupon I had bought. I really had wanted to go to Sens back in the day, but once we moved right across the street from it, they went out of business...sad times. Anyway, this was the first time we made it out to Sochu house. The place reminds me of a club turned restaurant...the decor is very dance club. We sat in the dining room, but the bar looked a bit cooler. At the suggestion of our (awesome) server, we had mostly tapas. We started with the potstickers, which we both thought were just ok. Then we got the orange puffs...very good. Lightly fried chicken with a sweet and spicy orange sauce over some tasty cabbage slaw. We then had the soup dumplings....Oh. Em. Gee. These were awesome! I haven't found dumplings like this anywhere else in Phoenix. They are salty and savory and delicious. So good, we ordered a second plate. We finished up with the red curry. This is supposedly the spiciest thing on the menu, but I didn't find it that spicy. It really was kind of a just okay curry. Could have been a tad bit thicker and had a little more flavor. I would definitely come back, however, for those delicious soup dumplings....I have actually been thinking about them all day. Also, they have some great specials like any 4 tapas for 20$ on Tuesdays and date night specials on Thursdays....Definitely will be back.
4	Bacon wrapped Lychee need I say more....I never in my wildest dreams thought to wrap Lychee fruit in cooked bacon, but I am glad the chef at Sochu House did.  What a wonderful mix of sweet and salty.  Both times I have been to Sochu House this has been a must order.  They have plenty of Sochu drinks and infused vodka's and on Sundays great Martini specials and great House music.  I have never been just for dinner so I can't comment on that but Sunday nights are a great atmosphere with great food and drink specials.
5	Thankfully the poor service we experienced shortly after this place opened seems to have been addressed.  We have been back twice since and both times were fantastic.  a little bit slow, but with the atmosphere and music that plays, we didnt mind taking our time to enjoy the wonderful food that is served here.  I am happy to report that while we miss Sens, we very much enjoy Sochu and will go back again!
3	The Sochu House has an interesting aesthetic style with seemingly random vintage-modern furnishings and splashes of color. The dining room has relatively few tables, is a bit dark, and a little loud from the music. Yet, the chairs are extremely comfortable. The food is a unique and creative Asian fusion. The mint pepper chicken dinner plate was amazing. It bursted with flavor from healthy white meat chicken pieces (fried with light skin, no breading), water chestnut, and sweet juicy pineapple chunks. The sauce contained a great blend of spices and was good enough to eat itself. For tapas, the wasabi soy chicken was fresh, nicely grilled, and had a thin layer of teriyaki. It came with the most stunning fresh wasabi and wasabi-soy sauce I have ever had. The quail tapas was very small, but had a good Chinese duck style flavor. However, the green tea cheesecake dessert was a bit disappointing, since it basically tasted like a regular cheesecake. Sochu House is located in a bit of an odd location on a high-traffic route, which is a deterrent to going back. While I like the size of the meal portions, since they are small, the value ratio is not on par with other great places in town. Often, I leave other locations with one or two extra meals for the same price and food quality. This is the kind of place that I might bring an out of town guest to, since it is trendy and has creative dishes.
1	Not only was the music the worst I have ever heard the wait staff was as annoying as ever! Like a wanna be swanky place in a strip mall that smells like fish and plays horrible music. Food was so so but over priced for what it was.
4	Sens lives on!! Seriously, I shed a tear when my parents told me that Johnny had closed Sens, but then they took me here after I got in from NYC and I was happy again. The menu is decently sized and the food is really great. Interesting flavor combinations and surprising ingredients that work well together. Price is on point. Our service was good, maybe we had a great waitress based on other reviews. We also came on a Sunday night at around 8PM. Food came out fast and really all delicious. Get the ginger mint duck salad, rocked my world. My parents say the cocktails are delicious, strong but flavored well to mask it. I was too hungover to even think about getting sake-level drunk but I have on good authority it rocks. They also have a really cool looking bar/lounge area where the music is louder, esp over the weekends. They have a great happy hour and deals throughout the week. I think it's Thursday nights that they have a tapas & wine deal. A great date spot.
5	Johnny did it again. Sens was my favorite restaurant, yet somehow with Sochu, Johnny found a way to improve on what was already fantastic.While I admit the location is not the best (especially with recent construction) the bigger space, the separate bar and dining room, the extra bathrooms, the expanded menu, and the newly added happy hour more than make up for it.The expanded menu is exceptional; including an expansive tapas and family style section, and accommodates veggies, vegans, and carnivores alike. The outside patio is another really fantastic element. Thank you for the heaters.Well done, Johnny!
4	I love all of Johnny's restaurants and this one is no different.  Johnny did a great job of turning this space into a cool atmosphere with great knowledgeable wait staff and phenomenal food!  The atmosphere is clean, modern and hip with under bar lighting, sleek clean furniture and a modern feel.  The wait staff is very helpful and accommodating on everything from drinks to food to dessert.  We had the truffle edamame - mmmm, finger licking good!  The sochu tofu was very good with both the pineapple ginger and the sesame sauces.  The ginger mint duck salad was good but had too many competing flavors.  I had a peach martini drink that was the special of the evening and it was strong and oh so good!  If I hadn't been driving, I would have had three!!!  They have lots of fun events like Happy Hours, Tapas tastings, DJs and bands.  Definitely a great place and I will be back again.
5	Tasty goodness
5	Early NYE warmup - sat at the bar and had the best tapas ever (Sugar Cane Pork, Gyozas, Fried Tofu).  Because it was happy hour, our drinks were cheap and tapas were $5 - super deal. Our bartender, Mr. Bill (Guillermo) was the tits.
5	Sochu House serves the best Thai food I have had in a long time. To start we had the truffle edamame which was my main reason for going. I haven't seen this dish since vacationing in Hawaii and it was rediculously good.For an entree I had this creamy coconut tofu dish which was savory and equally as tasty as the edamame. They have taken Thai to a new level with their Neo-Asian Fusion cooking.We sat in the dining room, but I can't wait to go back to this place for Happy Hour. The lighting and decor in the bar area creates an extemely intimate and romantic setting for a date or chatting with friends.
5	I ate here a couple months ago and I still think about the food, so I decided to add a review.  We tried nearly every small plate on the menu and the standouts were definitely the Soup Gyoza, Sweet Chili Wings, and the quail, which doesn't appear to be on the menu anymore.  I enjoyed Sens, but it was very small - this is an upgrade, even if it felt a little too hip to take my parents (we took them anyway).  I've seen complaints about the staff, but we had none, so maybe we got lucky.  Based on the food, I'd recommend it regardless.
3	This place was ok. I know there's a lot of good blurb out there and that's why we visited. The service was excellent but the food and drinks were just average. And the bathrooms were dirty. Meh.
4	I've been here twice for Happy Hour, once mid week and one time on a late Sunday night. Both times i sat at the bar area and service was always courteous and timely. Both times i had the georgia peach whiskey "martinis" - so delicious. And for food i have tried the Spring rolls, fried tofu with dipping sauces, and Soup Goyza - all delicious, and fresh as well. I definitely would like to come back to try some of their entrees. Some friends got their soups as well which looked super delicious.
5	Astounding food and drinks. I really can't say more.
5	Great Thai food and tapas for a great price! Our server was really nice and very helpful walking us through the menu. The duck and soup gyoza are delicious!
4	I decided to try a new place for lunch and just happened to drive by this place.  If you want to dine in a eclectic place, then this is it.   I decided to try their lunch special; the Thai basil with chicken.  It had some pretty bold flavors and it was a pretty large portion as well.The server mentioned that on Tuesdays they had a great happy hour; half off of tapas.  I'll be back for that!
5	Just ate at Sochu House last night.  Tried a variety of tapas and all were delicious!  All the flavors were bold and diverse.  I really couldn't get enough!  I cannot wait to go back and try entrees.  Tip: the reverse happy hour from 10:30-1:00 AM includes tapas and some noodle dishes that is also served until 1AM.
4	I have been Sochu 5 times now and had to wait to write a review.  The first couple of visits were not that great.  Service was terrible and they did not get our order correct.  It was new and they were working out the kinks. Acceptable.  The last visit was what prompted me to write this. We walked in with 6, and they had us wait for table to be put together.  After a couple of minutes, they offered to seat us at the semi private vip room table.  Plus one. Service was great and the food was delicious. plus 2 and 3. Even with all the sake we drank, the bill was not as bad i thought it was going to be.  PLus 4.Sochu has cemented itself as my go to spot for my downtown neighborhood. Keep up the great work!
2	I see a lot of really great reviews here for this place. I think it boils down to the type of place you are looking for. My thing is finding little family run ethnic places where the food is good and the prices low. Service is important, but decor and ambience are non-factors to me. Sochu House is the opposite. It is all about atmosphere and decor. Trendy, as they say. But it was nothing I would look for. We went for lunch, so I think the menu is a little different. If you go for dinner your experience may differ. Food was okay--spring rolls good, wings very good, red curry okay. We ordered the spicy lemongrass dish and asked for chicken--which was supposedly one of the choices along with shrimp or fish. The waiter returned to say the chef refused to make it with chicken because it would not taste right. So, we ordered it vegetarian and it sucked. I've had better at countless places in the Valley. I think I should stay away from places that say "fusion," my luck is often bad. Also, I thought prices were high for lunch and the size of portions. Enough said.
5	I love this place. We have followed this chef from his 1 st restaurant in Phoenix to Sens to here. The food is awesome and fresh with a funky atmosphere!  Have to try the Sakatini's!
4	Love it! It has great drinks. Service needs work, but it's so close and the vibe is so hip...I can't seem to stop going.
4	The food was great.  The service was so-so.  All in all a great experience.
3	Sochu House is eerily reminiscent of the Sens House that closed in Central Phoenix. In fact, I'm 90% sure it's the same restaurant with a new location and re-vamped name. We came here because we had a groupon. My boyfriend is a meat-eater and I am not so you can imagine sharing tapas was not as convenient for us. He ordered the orange chicken and the sugar cane pork. I got the $10 miso soup (it's good, but not THAT good), chow fun (it's a special right now) and the Thai spring rolls (these could have been SO much better. They were stuffed with rice noodles.. and then wrapped in a rice noodle paper and had a piece of mint.. add ANYTHING else to it and it would've been better). They don't have their own brewed iced tea so I got some weird $4 bottled tea that looked fancier than it tasted. We finished off the meal with the green tea cheesecake (okay seriously, this was the best part of the meal). There was a lonely DJ on the other side of the room and (I presume) the owner kept walking over to every table and talking on his cell phone the whole time. It was a strange experience. The food was mediocre. Maybe if I ate meat I'd be more impressed, though my boyfriend was not thrilled with his tapas, either. We realized after we got our bill that our groupon was not valid on Fridays, so we paid $55 for two people. That's a bit much for our taste. We'll have to come back (to actually use our groupon), but it's nothing to write home about.
5	My 5 stars is a bit generous because the ambiance of this restaurant isn't really what I look for in a restaurant, BUT sometimes you need to break the rules to get your point across. As a long-time fan of Fate, I should have given Sens a chance. It never really peaked my interest because the things I loved about Fate didn't seem to match the new tapas menu. Now Chef Johnny has recreated his craft again and brought it all together in Sochu House. It's not as charming as Fate was, but he has some items on his menu that make me want to hug him.If you don't like strip malls, or hip decor or loud DJs, try the items below and perhaps you will forgive all the things about Sochu House that I've gotten over:HOT N SOUR SOUP (This is not the goopy brown stuff you get at a Chinese restaurant) - It's the most amazing spicy, tangy, tamarind broth ever. The little round rice noodles will change your life, and the copious amounts of fresh crisp veggies are amazing.SOUP GYOZA - unique and awesomeBLACK DRAGON ENTREE - sometimes I ask for different veggies, but the sauce on this entree is beyond amazing. I get it with Chicken or the fried tofu. Mmmm.HOUSE DYNAMITE or the SPICY BASIL are also awesome entree choices.For anyone who was sad when Fate closed, you can still get your fix of amazing asian fusion in Phoenix.
2	I liked this cool hip place the first time I went but then the second time was a nightmare. I will say that the tapa dishes are where they shine. The main dishes lack robust flavors. The main reason it's getting such a low rating is the service. HORRIBLE. literally waited for 2 hours for our order to be completed. I understand the tapa environment is served upon completion but TWO HOURS!? I could have made a lasagna in that time. Hope it gets better. I would give them One more shot down the road...maybe
4	Saving 5 stars for Binkley's, Sochu proved its high rating from other reviewers. We were concerned about the service, but ours was timely, courteous and helpful. Tuesday Tapas  offered bargain pricing for outstanding food. Others have done a better job reviewing specific dishes, so nothing on that front. The decor, as described by others, while odd by our taste, doesn't detract from the quality of the food. Overall, a great experience. Seeking great favors by a creative chef, give Sochu a try?
5	We've been to Sochu House several times now. I've always been a fan of Johnny Chu's food, so we were sad to see Sens move out of the immediate downtown area. The new location is WAY nicer though, and I love that the menu has been expanded as well. Some "MUST try's": soup gyoza, sugar cane pork, the hot and sour soup (amazing), korean bbq short rib, and the wasabi tofu! I'm sure you can't go wrong with any menu item (although I wasn't a huge fan of the quail). Our server during our last visit, Matt, was extremely helpful when it came to deciding what to eat. In fact if it wasn't for him I may have never tried the sugar cane pork! He also seemed very educated in sake, cocktails, and beer! Definitely ask him for suggestions, and try the dessert!! MMMMMMM
5	This place is so CenPho cool. Asian fusion in a tapas format is a great choice for sharing a romantic dinner. I dig the modern, clean interior. The service has been attentive and helpful, and a DJ on the weekends... awesome.
5	Chef Johnny Chu knows how to make asian fusion.  The dumplings are some of the best dumplings I've had, either in the states or in Asia.  I love the tapas menu, and while its not all good; for the money it's hard to miss.  They do groupons pretty regularly so keep an eye out for that.  The drinks are overpriced, but strong.  I had one martini and felt pretty good by the time I left.  The service could use a little work.  It took the servers a long time to refill drinks or just stop by our table so we could place our order.  The restaurant has never been busy when I've been there, so I'm not sure why the service is so slow.  I would definitely recommend this place to my friends, and be sure to get the dumplings!
5	Simply..... The best food for the real refined pallet.  Food is by far best in phoenix for the style. Seriously, a real culinary delight.  The environment changes by the hour.  Going from more of a formal dinner to a club atmosphere.
1	That place is horrible. We never get served and we got ignored from servers and bartender. They did not bring the  menus and didn't even ask us for drinks  for about 10 mins. So we just walked out. Again, that's terrible place to go.
5	Very trendy, friendly, wide-open space.  Food was amazing.  I highly recommend the green tea cheesecake.  Sounds weird, but it's epic.
5	This place is the best. It's way better than that Chinese restaurant you saw on the Christmas Story. They don't even serve no weird ducks there. What they do serve are bomb Asian style tapas and amazing entrees for your mouth. Tuesday is a great night to go because they have a tapas deal going. If your significant other is like my wife, they will be thanking you if you take them here for this deal...also feed them some cocktails, SO's like that kind of thing. I used to go to Johnny Chu's restaurant Fate and most of the entree type dishes are very similar to the dishes that he served at Fate. I'm really glad he put this restaurant together because I was really missing Fate, but Sochu House is even better!
5	I love this place that I just keep coming back on a regular basis. My food recommendations: orange puff, spicy wontons, soup gyoza, potstickers and the saigon basil for the larger entree.I have always received great service from Lynn; she is friendly and efficient.
5	The food was soo good. Had a really good time. Will return soon.
4	This place is modern and sleek looking and the food was pretty awesome too!  We went on a Tuesday night and it was so busy, we ended up eating in the lounge area, no tables available, even though they said our wait would be 20 minutes.  Not to worry though, the lounge is comfortable.  I loved that the seating was spread out enough so you don't feel like you are eavesdropping on other tables.  I started with the Lust Martini.  Very tasty!  We had the Truffle Edamame and Pork Pot Stickers.  They were both delicious.  Also had the Chili Citrus entree.  It had a hint of sweet and lots of spice.  For dessert I had a sweet wonton.  Be warned, the dessert was very small in size.   The only reason I gave it four instead of five stars was because they seemed to be understaffed.  They could have used one more wait person.Kudos to you Johnny Chu, you have created a great establishment in Midtown!  Can't wait to visit again.
4	Kinda seems out of place at this particular strip mall but I hope it works out for them.  We tried the spicy chicken wontons which came with 2 delicious sauces.  The wings were pretty good as well, but I really wish they'd take a field trip to Golden Sea in Chicago to check out theirs.  Its almost the same, but not quite.  And they don't cut off the stem which helps eating them be not so clumsy.  The udon was not traditional, but pretty good.  The house dynamite was also quite delicious.  I'd say just about everything was enjoyable in varying degrees and I will definitely be back for more.
5	Asian-fusion cuisine at its finest. Sochu House serves up innovative tapas-style Asian bites, as well as larger entrees and noodle dishes. The cuisine spans several types of Asian regions, with a hint of Western influence. We ventured in on a Sunday night for dinner. Since there was a Groupon for Sochu House expiring soon (One of the reasons why we went that day), there was a slight wait since it appeared to be a little busier than usual for them (15 minutes). We browsed through the menu, and ordered a few tapas items, and shared an entree.The tapas is served izakaya-style, in that it's served to you as it's made. We tried the soup gyoza, the sochu tofu, and another dish that escapes my mind. The soup gyoza was excellent. The pork filling was juicy, tender, and the broth inside the dumpling was divine. The outer dough of the dumpling was perfectly cooked. The only slight negative was that it was served on a dish. I would have liked it to be served in a bowl so I could spoon up the rest of that lovely broth more easily! The sochu tofu was also very good. The tofu was perfectly crisp on the outside, with a soft tofu texture on the inside. The dipping sauces were very nice.While the entree was good (Red curry with chicken), the real standouts were the tapas. The curry had a myriad of vegetables, including some okra, which I appreciate as an ingredient in any cuisine, but for me it tasted too gummy/slimy (As okra tends to be) compared to the other vegetables. It was a generous portion of curry, although rice is served on the side and is an extra charge.The location is a bit odd, as it's in a strip mall neighboring fast-food type establishments (e.g., a Coney Island dog place), and is across the street from Honey Bear's BBQ. I love frequenting restaurants where the chef works hard to create delicious, creative meals, and the passion of chef Johnny Chu shows in each bite of delicious tapas. They are open late too, which is another plus. Sochu House is a definite gem in this Phoenix neighborhood!
3	First time dining here and I will come back to try other dishes.  The Basil Chicken with a side of jasmine rice was excellent. A cool atmosphere and friendly staff.
2	Oh here we go again...A "trendy" well appointed spot in Central Phoenix that seems to place more focus on the decor and drink menu than the food.Here's the thing, if I'm ordering tapas (small bites) and I am paying the same price I would for a full sized entree...I would expect these miniscule morsels to be amazing.They, unequivocally, were not. Seems like people are fooled by this concept and the flashiness of the place.I have been to a similar restaurant in Mahattan, and you know? They lived up to the hype. I appreciate the concept, and bringing this to Phoenix--- but the cooks can do better. MUCH better.Chicken - Overcooked/DryFish - Overpriced, fishy tasting/super breaded.Ribs - Very fatty...I suppose had we ordered main entrees instead of the tapas we would have been more impressed? I am unsure. But I tend to like more authentic Asian spots. I appreciate classic flavors and home cooking. Meh. A shame because the place has a very cool vibe.
5	Went last night for girls night out. Everything was FANTASTIC! I recommend the house dynasty with chicken. Can't wait to go back with my husband. Everything we all had was prefect. As for drinks I recommend the Lust Martini it was good and tasteful. Great restaurant great atmosphere great servers.
3	I had a groupon for this place so I went with my friend in April.  We ordered the truffle edamame (yum!), spring rolls (loved the mint), tofu, and the green papaya salad (kind of like a slaw). I really enjoyed the green papaya salad.  I did not know what to expect because I'd never had green papaya (or papaya of any shade) before.  I was also expecting lettuce (because it was a salad).  I was pleasantly surprised.  The salad was very refreshing.
5	Let's face it, if you were a fan of Johnny Chu's cooking since his "FATE" years, then you are most likely already in love with his latest work at SoChu house.Wide range of mixed drinks, beers and wine, and  let's not forget sake.A favorite of mine, is the "House dynamite", deliciously spicy. Tuesdays are tapas "happy hour" and Thursdays they have great specials for couples.
4	Very tasty oriental tapas. Pretty reasonable prices especially with special offers. We've had good service both times we've been there and look forward to keeping it as a regular. Panko shrimp, Kalbi, crispy pot stickers, sizzling shrimp top our list
2	I really had high hopes for this place since Chef Johnny Chu's restaurants are generally no joke.  This place was rated by Phoenix Magazine as a top 10 Asian restaurants!Well unfortunately, the jokes on me I guess.  I think the place is pretty hip and cool.  Ambience is classy with a club vibe.  However, on a regular day this place is displaced.  Located on Central off a strip mall and next to Lenny's Burger is an odd location it seems.  Once you walk in it's like a new world that you didn't expect looking from the outside.  I'm sure during the weekends this place can be popping.I attended with a foodie friend this lovely Sunday evening hoping we would be impressed!  Great reviews from my fellow Yelpers!  We ordered the Crispy Fish Papaya Salad, Red Curry, and Crispy Fried Sole.  Our papaya salad too light on the spice and seasoning.  Needed more lemons and definitely more spice and fish sauce.  The fried sole, well was fried but overly glazed with the sweet and spicy sauce - seemed pretty generic to my taste; just add water taste.  Finally, the curry was okay.  Again the spice for it was sparse and I really didn't get a taste of traditional curry from it.  Needless to say, I'm disappointed!  Sorry gang I really wanted this place to work for me, but it didn't.  It's not to say I don't have respect for Chef Chu, but I'll have to pass on this place.  I don't know who came here from Phoenix Magazine to vote, but really; really!? - Enjoy!
4	We had a nice meal here for a Sunday night. Would be interesting to come back when it's more of a "club". The pesto edamame was different and good.
3	I wanted to go back since the 1st time was so good.We tried all new dishes.......Chicken wontons a little doughy, but good. Pesto Edamame delicious as long as you like salty.Fish Salad on papaya slaw......dressing was a sweet chile that ran to the bottom of the bowl and did nothing for the generous piece of fried fish and chewy slaw.Green Papaya salad with tofu....too similar to fish salad and the tofu has no flavor since they don't seem to marinate it.I would definitely go back for the nHouse Dynamite I had last time and the Pad Thai that was also delicious last time.Today was a bust.Last note....the music for the lunch crowd should probably be different than the happy hour crowd.  We didn't enjoy it at all.
3	I know artists *in general* totally hate when you compare their new stuff to their old stuff...but here goes! I absolutely loved Sens...and Fate. Sochu House isn't quite there for me. Don't get me wrong, the food was creative and delicious. The drink menu may still need a little work. And drinks are kinda the most important part of the meal, right?We had the chicken lollipops, sugar cane pork, sweet soya, pad thai and the spring rolls. Nothing on the drink menu really grabbed me so we had the bartenderess mix up a couple of surprises. It was...ok. Not fabulous, just ok. I agree with the other reviews that say the location at the strip mall is a little bizarre. I enjoy finding strip mall dining treasures, but I can honestly say that I never would've thought about putting Sochu House there. I love the music and they did a great job with decorating the space though. Get the sugar cane pork, don't forget to chew on the sugar cane for a little extra flavor.
4	Pros:  Really fun atmosphere, tasty tapas, decent happy hour with $5 drinks and tapas plates, nice selection of wines and they are half price on Wednesdays, super sweet and knowledgeable bartender.  Cons:  Happy hour is only at the bar, not in the dining room, tables are too small for a place where you order bunches of plates.  All in all, pretty awesome.  I'm a fan.
3	It was very low key last night at Sochu house.  When our group of 9 showed up I think we easily doubled the number of people present.I had the Clay Pot with Tofu and was blown away by the flavor and texture of the curry sauce and the tofu was cooked perfectly.  I really liked the reverse happy hour as well.  I plan on going back for a meal in the near future.
5	I really enjoyed Sochu House. Drinks (martinis) are phenomenal. You can order several different plates, tapas style, which was fun. At night it is like a night club, basically, but still laid back and chill.
3	I would actually rate this place a 3.5.  I went there with a group of friend late on a Friday night and was surprised to see that the place was mostly empty.  The atmosphere was a contemporary Asian theme.We sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely helpful in describing the menu. This was a nice place to enjoy some $5 appetizers late at night.  Everything we tried was amazing from the goyza to the tutu curry.  I look forward to visiting again during earlier hours to get the full dining experience.
4	I loved Sens, and SoChu House is even better... they had me at bacon wrapped lychee. Can be a bit pricey if you overindulge. I would recommend starting off with 2 or 3 items to share if you are with a friend, then just order more if needed. **I would give this place 5 stars for the ambience, decor, and music; however, I've tried numerous times via email, Facebook, Instagram, and by calling to find out the name of the artist of the painting by the dj booth- which was also at Sens, but mgt hasn't responded and no one knows when I call. Once I actually have someone respond to me, the 4 goes up to 5. **
4	5 star decor. I imagine this place may be a bit of a nightmare during the weekend. Both the restaurant and the bar area look like a nice, casual hangout.We showed up on a Tuesday when trying to find some place that would have Thai or Vietnamese food around 8pm. Easier said than done in the west valley this time during the week. It turned out to be a good thing.Tapas Tuesday was an enjoyable experience. Wife wanted the bacon wrapped lychee. The lychee had a nice texture and... well... bacon. I wanted the Korean short ribs and was not disappointed at all.  I could totally see going back on a Tuesday and ordering 3 orders of that for dinner with a couple of friends :pPortions vs prices were a bit off unless you came in for a special. The food is great but unless you are sticking with daily specials, it can get spendy. Also entrees do not come with any form of starch. No rice, noodles, etc.That said the food was great and 3 tapas and 1 entree was plenty filling for 2 people.As for the drinks. I ordered 1 martini. If you are a James Bond fan (aka vodka martini) you'll be fine. If I want a traditional one, I prefer gin. So I ordered something sweet (I think Blue Winter?). It was interesting, different from anything I've tried before, and not overpowering. That said I'm a big guy and 1 of them did give me a bit of some tipsy for a little bit. When the menu says that the drinks are strong, they are not kidding. Which is strange because it did not have any of that vodka bite to it. Martinis are $10 or $11 but one of the daily specials has them $3 off and we didn't look at the happy hour specials (we were on the restaurant side).Overall, I'd definitely go back. Tuesday seems like a great day because the tapas were enjoyable and that's a good way to get some variety. If I want more of a main dish style or a big bowl of pho, though, I'd go somewhere else. Hangout, drinks, or tapas seem to be their speciality!
4	Pretty good, but a bit spendy. We opted for the Tapas Tuesday option and had three different appetizers. The bacon wrapped lychee were awesome, but I would have liked more than three of them. The korean ribs were yummy as was the main dish. The green tea cheesecake was a work of deliciousness, but $7 for one the size of a hockey puck seemed a bit steep. Be aware that rice, noodles, etc are an extra charge unless the menu says it comes with it. Three tapas and a main dish was more than sufficient for two of us though. The food was flavorful and spicy, but not excessively so. Overall, I think I'd come back if I wanted a nice dinner somewhere different- this was a bit of a spur of the moment decision and it didn't quite kill the pho craving, but we took care of that another night.
4	The night I went it was slow so there wasn't much going on.  However the decor and vibe is pretty awesome.  The food was really good.  I ate on the bar side so it was all tapas styled food.  The ribs were amazing.
3	The pad thai is a different spin on pad thai that I wasn't a huge fan of.  It tastes pretty good.. but I just don't like vermicelli noodles very much and I like the cilantro, sprouts and tamarind flavor that typically goes into pad thai.
5	This is my favorite Asian cuisine/martini happenin place in Central Phoenix.  Staff is very helpful, relaxed and friendly.  Our waitress had great knowledge of the martini and food menus.  Service was fast, atmosphere is very loungy/relaxed and there are specials twice a week.  Food has wonderful flavor and portions are perfect.  Price is extra nice.  There is also a late night Martini happy hour for like $5 a piece and great dj dance music.  Location is perfect.  Can't wait to go again.
4	Definitely Johnny Chu knows sexy. Catch up, make up, or stay up new fave spot. The reviews are consistent. Service is fast and knowledgeable. Decor and ambiance transports you outside of this desert playground. Highly recommend the bar area if you want to people watch with other thirsty patrons or that reluctantly singleton on a blind date. Fave was the bacon wrapped lychee (sweet with crunch; the texture of the lychee feels like someone is tickling your tastebuds) and soup gyoza (soup within a pot sticker, genius concept). Other fave neutron bombs of delishness were the sugar cane pork and Lust martini. How could you go wrong sipping that while gazing over at the crowd? Warning: drinks are strong so you'll be oozing happiness!
3	Sochu has garnered some good reviews and deserved a visit.  Decided to visit on a Sunday evening and it was pretty busy after 6:30 pm.  It is tastefully decorated in a more retro fashion than what might generally see as traditional decor for an Asian inspired cuisine. We started off with a TAPAS the  BACON WRAPPED QUAIL EGGS and it was fabulous.  We then went on to the HOT & SOUR SOUP and it  was not your traditional variety but rather a tamarind base and making that more of broth.  Interesting and a nice take on Hot & Sour.  The DYNAMITE CHICKEN  was a clear disappointment and seemed more of a rendition of a Sweet and Sour and lacked any distinctive flavor.  We finally tried the PAD THAI and it was done with the very find noodles.  We decided to order the beef which was $4 extra and seemed rather high for a dish that was $10 and not a whole lot of beef either.  Guess 40% higher for a beef or shrimp option seemed out of balance.Might want to try more of their TAPAS another time.  They have a TAPAS TUESDAY where the First Four Tapas per table only (please note this fine print) are $20.Service was generally good till it got busy, when it truly took a very long time to get our entrees.  Overall it was not "wow" and neither was it disappointing.
4	We had supper here before a performance at the Phoenix Theatre. We enjoyed a happy hour drink of the day before moving to the dining room. The server was very helpful helping us choose items from the tapas menu. In addition we ordered two entrees. The restaurant was clean and inviting. The staff was friendly and courteous. Since the theatre does not usually have dining options in the evening, this is a great choice!
4	Sochu House really impressed my date and I!We were there for a drag king pageant, and decided to get dinner beforehand. We had the Saigon Egg Rolls, Thai Spring Rolls, and Tofu Wedges, with the Sweet Fried Wontons for dessert. The Saigon Egg Rolls were incredible! Served with a small salad, which helped cool our palates from the spicy (but oh so delicious) sauce. The Thai Spring Rolls were delicious, too, but nothing super special - for the price, I may opt for something different...that being said, the mint in these spring rolls was AMAZING. The Tofu Wedges were my favorite - I have a thing for fried tofu that's crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside...and these were PERFECT. Served with the standard spicy peanut sauce, these were a delightful end to our dinner. It was a super generous portion, too. The dessert definitely stole the show...the Sweet Fried Wontons blew us away. Cream cheese and goat cheese fried in a wonton skin, drizzled with a sweet strawberry sauce. My only complaint is the small portion - not enough to share with a friend/date, unless you're both already stuffed from dinner (and then it's perfect). My date and I just had water (also delicious, infused with cucumber!) and dinner was, including tip, just under $40. Overall, not bad - especially with the amazing atmosphere that Sochu House has to offer. Comfortable seating, nice lighting on the patio, and an attentive (but not overly so) wait staff.
5	this place is friggin fantastic!! From awesome ambiance, super creative delicious food and tasty drinks..Sochu really has it going on. We tried a bunch of different dishes and just loved all of them. Being as indecisive as I am, I love small plates and this place gave me exactly what i was looking for. Check it out, you'll love it!I can't wait to go back!
1	I was so disappointed it is hard to describe. Headline is they don't list all ingredients and when asked what things are they are not specific or leave ingredients out, it ended in my friend with food allergies/ intolerances being very sick. We were made to feel it was our fault even after we asked what dishes were made of to be safe. My friend and I went on a Sunday. The server was slow to great and take drink orders. She was worse than a car salesman with selling us the sake. They only have two flavors of bottled iced tea, neither of which are non-fruity. I ordered one and never got it. We got rice balls and chicken wontons as tapas, not only were they not great it was explained later that our food took so long because they were letting our appetizer settle. The rice balls were weird, just tasted like I had burnt rice on my stove. The wontons were okay.The main dishes we had were pad Thai and yellow curry. The yellow curry was very oddly nutty and not spicy at all. My friend ordered pad Thai, it had things that were not listed on the menu in the dish. There was a weird sprinkle of stuff on top and we asked two waitresses what it was and it wasn't until the third time the listed all the ingredients. The pad Thai had egg and it was not listed on the menu with egg, the waitress did not apologize but said all pad Thai has egg. We explained that my friend was a celiac and dairy intolerant and just generally doesn't like eggs. The waitress then informed us that we needed to ask for the gluten free menu because almost everything has soy sauce because it is an Asian restaurant (though few menu items list soy sauce). The gluten free menu is not advertised online or on the regular menu. My friend ha now sick due to the gluten she ate unknowingly and I am very disappointed.
5	Wasn't sure what to expect given the location but what an amazing place! Great food, great service, great prices! Will definitely be back! Soup Gyoza, Sugar Cane Pork, and Stir fry udon noodles were delicious!
1	Drove by this place and although sign says open looks like they are under construction. Food is extremely bland and for the healthy option they have no brown rice. They do not do any substitutes nor can they make anything spicy they just bring you hot chili on the side. First and last time here. Although service was great, lunch food terrible.
2	The appetizer we had was the Sugar Cane Pork... it was the only thing we had that was okay. The rest of us had the Spicy Red Curry, Healthy Asian, and the Ginger Mint Duck Salad. Beyond the food, the service was bad. Our waitress (wearing a red top today) seemed to want to avoid us even though we were the only table in the restaurant most of the time. She didn't know anything about the menu items nor was she aware of what the restaurant had ran out of and was unable to serve us. She put her own thoughts first, rather than just going along with our flow. Also,  it would have been nice if the waitress came around and cleared our menus, trash and used appetizer plates off the table when our main dishes came. Another thing is that she doesn't give us enough silverware to eat with. I mean sure, chopsticks worked with our appetizer but not our main dishes.The restrooms were dirty and also need some maintenance work done. So, I recommend you all come with clean hands. If you do need to use the restrooms at least the soap and towel dispensers are automated to keep the germs down. (The faucet handles are in most cases the most firm filled place in any public space). OH and make sure the door is locked because it seems to have trouble doing that!
5	I have driven by this place so many times and never really knew what they were all about.  Last weekend I got to sample some of there foods at the Cook Phoenix event downtown and I knew I was going to have to make a point of going there the next night.  The atmosphere was very sleek and contemporary but not pretentious, the service was excellent, and the food was amazing.  Their list of sakes and martinis made it difficult to decide on what to start with but if you are a sweet tooth, they have a martini made with strawberry puree and muddled basil and mint.  It was fantastic!!!  All of the tapas that we ordered were delicious but the sizzling shrimp was to die for.  Definitely going back again.
4	I've been here a few times. The food is quite different but really good!  After dinner you can go in the other room and enjoy the awesome house music.
4	This place had a unique ambiance which made it feel like  Vegas lounge. The daily specials are definitely a plus. The only downfall was that it was expensive and the sake-tini that I had was mediocre. Will definitely be coming here for Tapa Tuesdays though
5	I'd like to take Sochu House home for a long night of love making. I always feel good after a meal here.
5	Sochu House is definitely in my top 10, maybe top 5, favorite restaurants in the valley. I was a little sad to see Sens leave the downtown core, but they really created a great spot with Sochu House (and it's not that far away obviously). I'm systematically attempting to get through the entire menu, so I feel like I've tried a large portion of it, and I have not been disappointed once. There are a few dishes that I always come back to though: the sizzling shrimp (get it with a side of rice to make sure you eat all of the sauce), the hot and sour soup (this is THE best hot and sour soup I've ever had and I've been known to eat multiple orders in the same visit), the sugar cane pork, and the bacon wrapped lychee. Other notable dishes are the bacon wrapped quail egg, the spicy wonton, and the Asian 5 spice quail. I have yet to try any of the actual entrees, but if the tapas are any indication I'm sure they're delicious as well (and trust me, I'll get to them sooner or later). Their cocktails menu is also diverse and well-rounded. There are sweet drinks, spicy drinks, and everything in between. The decor is pretty swanky, but it's totally comfortable. The service has always been decent, and it's always a place we consider when trying to make meal decisions. And it is always a wise choice that's never been regretted.
5	I'll just make this quick.  The tapas here are fantastic, if money is your concern then come during happy hour.  The Spring Rolls, Panko Shrimp, Quail Eggs, Spicy Wantons and Pork Potstickers are all worth ordering. Again and again and again.  On my last trip I ordered the Soup Gyoza and the Pad Thai. I was so far beyond content I could hardly wipe the smile off my gluttonous face.
5	"Tapas Delights"Me and my co-worker happened across here because a place we wanted to try was closed. We were asked was it our first time, we said yes, and then asked for some suggestions. He recommended the tapas side of the menu for variety. Soo we looked at we made some decisions:Sizzling ShrimpSpicy WontonSweet SoyaThai Spring RollsChicken LollipopsSome fancy green beansAnd absolutely amazing experience. And the bonus was they timed everything so appropriately. By the time we finished with one thing the other was arriving. They would deliver as ready and not waiting. Nothing like hot, fresh food. You can totally taste the freshness of all the ingredients. Yummy!Sidebar: They have Martini Mondays
4	Tried a variety of tapas, all were amazing!!  Service was a bit slow at times, especially since they weren't particularly busy.The sugar cane pork and the sizzling shrimp were my favorites.  The dessert wontons were also pretty good, and the small portion was perfect to wrap up the meal.  Also tried a martini, which was very strong and tasty.  Atmosphere was spot on for the art district.
5	Let me start by saying my husband and I have been OBSESSED with Chef Johnny Chu since the days he stood in front of an open flame in a 6ft open kitchen in a little 900 sq ft house on 3rd St known as "Fate".  We have been to most of his other restaurants after the tragic end of the Fate era, but have not been as satisfied.  Until last night.... when we finally had a chance to step into Sochu House.Walking in, we were a little intimidated by the soft neon lights and huge sheets of hanging white cloth (we had just come from a movie and were in the very definition of casual attire).  It took a minute to be seated because the wait/host staff could not see us standing in front from behind some of that stated white cloth, but once seated we were quickly brought menus and cucumber water.  I asked about the reverse happy hour I saw on the website from 10:30pm-close, but apparently that was only offered in the bar.  Our waiter did offer to move us to some chaise lounges available in the bar area, but we decided a proper table was necessary to stuff our starving faces at the point.We ordered: Wasabi Soy Chicken and Friend Tofu tapas and the House Dynamite with chicken entree (this was our favorite at Fate).  I held onto a menu because of the warnings of small portions from other reviews, and from our experience at Sens (his other tapas-style restaurant), I figured we might still be hungry after these 3 choices.  Surprisingly, these portions were pretty darn big and very filling! We walked out of there with a $50 bill (after drinks) and FULL, happy bellies!  We were especially please to find Johnny's home cooked goodness style we fell in love with at Fate had made a return at Sochu House.Before we had even finished our meal, we were saying how we could not wait to come back again!
3	This restaurant has a weird vibe.  The bar area feels like a creepy dive bar trying to be cool--very dark with purple-y lights.  You can barely see the person next to you.  The dining area is brighter with white furnishings and white walls.  With concrete floors, white drapes, and covered windows, it's hard to decide whether this place is trying to be a techno club or a restaurant.That said, the drinks were very reasonable and the food was solid.  The gyoza soup was flavorful and the green beans were delicious.
4	Very good, creative Asian/Thai fusion cuisine! Nice, low key club atmosphere. We went on a Tues. evening, which was Tapas Night, with three generous tapas dishes for $20.
2	It's no sens saki. Everytime I'm here I miss sens more and more. Food is always amazing. Hence the 2 stars. Service here sucks. Just watched a bar tender drop a drink mix shake all over people at the bar! I've never seen that in 13 years if drinking. Ever. I miss sens. So much. Without the food, this place would be out of business. Sad. Signed, huge sens fan.
5	Sat at the bar last night, Kira Age Soy and Chicken Lollipops were the targeted tapas for the evening.  The Lollipops were very good, but the Kira Age Soy and the sauce that it came with were great.  I was also able to try the Fried Okra and that was very good as well.  Can't wait to go back.
2	So disappointing. Sochu is located in a shopping strip with plenty of parking. We decided to stop in for happy hour. The restaurant is trying a little too hard in terms of decor - white walls, windows blocked with red and black curtains, purple lights, white tables and chairs. It's nice, but a little over the top for my taste.After sitting in the restaurant area, we were told happy hour (3-6 pm daily, and reverse from 10:30 to midnight) is only available in the bar. No biggie, we move. After asking for a couple beers and wine that they were out of, we had a couple reasonably priced drinks.The food was lackluster. I did not enjoy the chicken lollipops - sauce was too thick and had little flavor. Orange puffs were pretty good, a little spicy with plenty of orange flavor, but simple. I did like the Sochu tofu - thought the tofu was fried well and dipping sauces were nice.After waiting awhile to catch the eye of the bartender, we ordered a couple more drinks and two more tapas. We received the drinks quickly, but after waiting 20 minutes and watching other tables who ordered after us receive their food, we figured we weren't getting more tapas. We flagged down the bartender, paid and left.Nice concept, but it just wasn't for me.
5	Our first time here and everything was excellent. The hot and dirty martini was the best, the right combination of spicy and salty.  Order from the tapas menu. We had pot stickers, wasabi soy chicken , dgrwen bean bean dragon balls, and bacon wrapped quail eggs and almond fish. Everything was exceptional.  Lots of rich spicy flavors.  We couldn't stop eating.  The service was excellent.  Very attentive and explained all the dishes.  If you haven't been here you must try.
4	I went to the lounge after 11pm. Had some tapas and they were all pretty good, especially the truffe edamame.
3	I sat in the bar for what turned out to be tapas Tuesday...three tapas for twenty bucks.  I chose the dragon balls, ginger fish, and sugar cane pork.  The sugar cane pork and dragon balls were quite good.  The pork was tender  and actually kind of fun to eat, like a mini Fred Flintstone meat stick.  The dragon balls were bite sized rice cakes in a spicy sauce with green beans, very tasty.  The fish was lackluster, though there was plenty of it.  The martini was okay.  I feel like maybe this place is a bit overpriced, or perhaps it just seems that way because it's surrounded by typical strip mall fast food joints.  The service at the bar was perfunctory, nothing bad but nothing that stood out as great service.  It was good, 3 and a half stars.
5	I'd been wanting to try this place, and I can't believe I waited so long! It was absolutely delicious! I got the Thai Spring Rolls and the spicy peanut dipping sauce was amazing. So flavorful! I had the Hot & Sour soup (veggie) for my entree and I was surprised at how filling it actually was. It is the BEST hot & sour soup I have ever had. If I go back, I will definitely order this again. All of the tapas sounded great and I can't wait to try more. My friends had the potstickers and wings and were also impressed at the taste. The service was great too! Our server let me know that almost all of the entrees can be made vegetarian if not vegan.
4	Brought my sister here for a late night snack when she got into town for the weekend. Figured a cocktail and small plates would be the way to go.Happily, she agreed!We each had an amazing martini, and we split the soup dumplings, wings and short ribs. The wings are okay, I had no problems at all with them - but the dumplings and short ribs were phenomenal!I think I am older and more boring than the target demographic - or maybe it's just because it was after 10 on a Friday night - but the DJ was LOUD. We could barely carry on a conversation, and my head was pounding by the time we left.I'll definitely be back - and love the idea of reverse happy hour - so I am thinking I'll aim for during the week next time.The food and drink list are definitely worth repeat visits - and there are still LOTS of things I'd like to try.
4	My friends had been telling me about this place for a little while and I finally got to try it last night. We ordered a few tapas to share.  The food was fantastic!  My friend told me about the soup gyoza and when I heard, I was very excited to try them... After all, it's rare to find to good Chinese food in Phoenix, nonetheless a soup dumpling! The soup gyoza was good... The gyoza is a dumpling that when popped into the mouth and bitten into, a burst of savory soup comes rushing out for a little piece of heaven in your mouth... I found the ginger gave it a little kick but at the same time a bit overwhelming although later I was told that the ginger is actually on the bottom of the dumpling so I can remove it next time. The short ribs were great... Just as you'd expect them... Flavorful and smokey. Last but not least we ordered the sugarcane pork. When it was brought out, I was trying to figure out which part of the pig it was. Lol it looked like a mini pork drumstick! It turned out to be a pork meatball shaped to look like a drumstick with a piece of sugarcane in it (the bone).  But this is no ordinary meatball! It was amazing! Flavorful with a crisp outside, delicious sauce! I would definitely recommend this dish. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were really nice. Their drinks are delish as well! Will definitely be back again as there were a lot of other tapas dishes I'd like to try! Would have given them 5 stars but the music was a little too bumpin' for an 8:30 dinner making it hard to hear the conversation.
5	Francisco is awesome! Best mixologist:) all tapas and entrees are delist! Try chicken lollipops & bacon okra.
5	Awesome papaya salad...has shrimp and mint and...is just wonderful!   thank you Michael for making our visit special!
5	Okay, since first going in December of 2012, I have been back more times than I can count. I go at least 1-2 times a month and take out-of-towners there constantly. I've tried almost every tapa dish and quite a few of the entrees. I can honestly say there hasn't been a dish on the menu I've tried and said "No, I wouldn't order that again." The last time we went (aka 3 days ago), I ordered the sugar cane pork for the first time. Umm, why hadn't I done that before? I could probably eat that all day. I'm also a huge fan of their baby bok choy, like HUGE fan. It's so garlicky and wonderful. Also, give me all the bacon wrapped okra please. All-of-it. I love to end the meal with their wontons, cheesy, fruity, yumminess. I will say that if you are someone who is very sensitive to spice, you may not like a lot of the dishes. Everything is so effing good, but there is a kick to many dishes. Ask your server for suggestions if you have a delicate palette, or you know, buck up and enjoy the ride. In my first review, I said I was too hungover to try the drinks, now I specifically go to Sochu to get drinks! Their saketinis are so, so, very good. Well worth the $11 price tag. I usually for the cucumber-mint one (I think it's Kyyuri Minto or something like that), whatever it is, it's tasty as hell, strong as hell, and makes me happy. Lust is a great one, it's really sweet and I like it as a dessert cocktail. They also have a few spicy martinis (Spicy Mama/Hot Mama?) that are indeed super spicy, so be wary! They are quite good, but I'll be damned if my mouth wasn't on fire. For a good time, read the drink descriptions out loud. Just maybe not around your parents. I also love that this place is open late. So rare for Phoenix. And the specials! Tuesdays are Tapas Tuesdays, 3 tapas for $20. Thursdays are Date Nights, 4 courses for $30 (1 salad, 1 tapa, 1 entree, dessert). I believe Mondays have a Martini special and Wednesday nights after 9 they have a comedy show in the bar/lounge area. Also, shout out to Johnny! When he is there, he goes around to all the tables and checks in. We go enough that he remembers us and really takes his time to chat. I wish him all the best with his new endeavor (new place on Northern and 12th av) and can't wait to check it out!
5	I had the red curry with shrimp.   If you go on Monday martinis are 3 off.  Excellent food,  great service,  and very good martinis. Tapas style appetizers are a great way to try different flavors.  The decor is very modern Asian.  I will be back!
5	Never been disappointed. Love the live DJ on some nights. And the "It's Violet, Violet" martini is the best.  We love to come here before the theater.  Bet it's pretty amazing later in the evening.
4	A great place for a light dinner before heading out for the night. Reasonably priced and intimate decor. Food portions are appropriate and rich mango juice. Enjoy!
4	Sugar cane pork is a.MUST!
4	I am giving this place 4 stars for atmosphere, service and the yummy martini's. We went on a Monday so the martini's were $3 off making them $7 each. Such a great deal. I liked the martinis with lychee fruit in them, I had never tried lychee fruit before but it was sooo yummy, I must recommend. We did order food, I had the yellow curry. I'm not going to lie to you, I've had better curry but that was green curry, maybe I just don't like yellow curry, who knows. My boyfriend had some kind of fried rice, it was good, I mixed it with the curry and it was delicious. Anyway, I would go back here for the martinis and cool atmosphere. We sat at the bar by the way.
4	Don't let the nigh club double personality of this place scare you away as there are some solid and unique menu options here.One of my favorite was the "green dragon balls" they are like an Asian gnocchi, chewy bits of noodle in a spicy sauce. it was great. Another great veg dish we had was the crispy noodle island with tofu.
3	We went on a Saturday night for late-night happy hour. Despite what I expected from reading a couple reviews, we immediately sat down in a rather empty bar. A large party came at one point and a few small groups, but it was not very crowded and there was no DJ. The service was not great. The servers were short with us and seemed impatient. We didn't have questions, but it was as though we were supposed to know what we were going to order without getting menus. We had the sugar cane pork. It was OK. it was a sweetened hunk of meat on the bone. I probably wouldn't order it again. We had the chicken wings. The flavor was good but there were tough. We also had the truffle butter edamame which was good and I would order it again. Each was $5.00. To drink, a glass of red wine and a vodka press, each $5.00. Overall, I liked the late happy hour. The prices were good. The drinks were good. If I return I'll try different menu items.
4	Visited on a Saturday evening. I found the Chinese/Asian food ordered by myself and others in my party tasted as exptected, I tried their dishes and found them to be on par with my expectations of true Chinese cuisine as I find in Asia (myself being from there). Did not taste like 'Americanized' asian food at all. The only negative thing I found about this place was that the music got a little too loud for conversation at around 10PM, I supposed to align with the adjacent bar atmosphere.
1	Went to the restaurant on Mother's day but they said it was a holiday and would not accept coupons
5	Johnny Chu is a master.  Sweet Pea and I followed him from Fate (which we loved) to Sens (which we liked a lot) and now to Sochu House (which we love.)  We've been big fans for several years and have eaten at each of his restaurants downtown many times, and after another delicious meal last night it occurred to me that I hadn't reviewed any of them!  Time to remedy that.As a vegetarian, I am used to being under-considered.  In fact, I often tell people "I'm a vegetarian- how good can food ever be?" when they ask me how my meal at a restaurant is.  I love being a vegetarian, and I love the food I cook myself, but I am most often missing that foodgasm so often that I sit and watch my friends having at a restaurant.  This is not the case at Sochu House.  The man knows how to cook for carnivores AND vegetarians alike, equally as skillfully.  In fact, I'd go so far as to say his tofu is excellent, the best I've ever had.We've been to the restaurant and ordered takeout many times, and both are top notch.  The restaurant has a cool, sexy downtown vibe, a great bar, and a great atmosphere.  Service has always been good when we've been there.  When we get takeout, they take the time to package the food in such a way that things that are crispy stay crispy, things that are fresh stay fresh, and things that are hot liquid stay in their containers.  This is far too rare at most restaurants.I have eaten many different things there, all excellent, and I've seen others order many other things there both vegetarian and non-vegetarian, and I have NEVER seen a diner unhappy with their meal.  Never.  My absolute favorite is the hot and sour soup.  It is the best I've had in my entire life, and I'm a hot and sour soup long-time fan.  It has so many lovely chunks in there- pineapples, jalepenos, delightful noodles, mushrooms, tofu, and things I don't have any clue about and frankly don't care because it is delicious.Thank you Johnny- don't leave downtown for good PLEASE!!!
2	Eh, we came to this place when everything had closed last Saturday (6/7/2014). The lot was pretty bare on a Saturday night after 8pm, so we were kinda wary but we were also really hungry. It also looked like it was closed since the windows are heavily blacked out with curtains, we had to look for their Hours Sign and saw they were open till 2am.The decor inside is nice but has a club feel to it, the bar was closed for a private party when we arrived. There is a live DJ, but I think he was busy DJ'ing for the private party (which kinda got annoying because there would be a boom of music that was hard on the ears then it'd get turned down real low... not sure if that was the DJ or the private party messing around with the music), and the main dining room where we were seated was pretty empty. We had a large group of 6, and were seated ASAP though! The lighting is really dim (but looking at photos it looks well-lit??), and small candles are placed in the center of each table for ambiance. Menus were kinda hard to read in the dim light so it took a bit to be able to read everything.What confused me was the items listed on the menu. The place is Asian Fusion/Thai, but there were things merged with Indian, Korean, Chinese, and Japanese food too. I know it's "Asian Fusion" but... when the menu is half a sheet of paper, I would have expected more plate options with the listed cultures I mentioned previously. Has a really nice list of vegetarian items, but when you're Asian, your diet is practically vegetarian, haha!So we ended up ordering almost half the menu since, being Asians, we always order in large amounts to share with everyone! We ordered:Bacon wrapped lychee (those who ate it said they would have preferred a fresh lychee as opposed to a dried lychee), bacon wrapped okra (those who ate it said it was good), oden noodles with bean sauce (eh, staple Asian dish), korean bbq (still sizzling hot in the pan), shrimp curry (which was really runny, had no flavor, random pineapple in it? and the spicy heat overpowered the dish), flat rice noodles (weird gummy, chewy texture, this is supposed to be like the Korean rice noodles "topokki" but they're not supposed to be gummy or chewy), fried tofu in some sauce (I missed the name of it, but it's fried tofu, can't go wrong there!), potstickers (eh, you can't really screw up potsickers, they're a pretty simple and staple dish in any Asian restaurant), and the sugar cane pork (sugar cane absorbed all the liquid from the pork, so the meat was dry, and I felt like I should be eating it in wonton soup instead).Everything was ehhh OK, the portions are really meant for 1 person, not to really share with a large group, but we wanted to try everything that sounded interesting to us! But really, the price we paid we honestly could have gone to an Asian restaurant and for the same price get huge heaps of food on plates to share.Sochu House staff was really friendly, our waiter was attentive and gave us great explanation on things we were curious about, but other than that, this place wasn't really a home run for us and we probably won't be back. Sorry!
4	Stopped in today for happy hour and it was the perfect wind down. $5 well cocktails, wine and tapas. The vibe is really Miami-esque, with white furniture, dim lighting and colored light to accent. However, I've never been to Miami---i imagine it to be like this. Even better, theres lounge music playing that isnt so loud i cant hear the person sitting next to me. Perf.Our bartender Michael was really nice, knowledgable of the drink menu and requests, and extremely efficient.We ordered the pesto edamame, a little salty but the flavors were right on. Ive never had the combo together before, but ill certainly have it again. Our other order--- the soup gyoza... An explosion of flavors in my mouth. The slice of ginger on the bottom of the dumpling? Mannnnnnn listen?! Ill definitely be back. Thanks sochu!
5	I will just say this. The cocktails are delicious and strong.If you want to drink, like, 3 and feel drunk......So drunk, that you throw up inside your Uber ride person's car--but not on the floor or on the seat... instead, into your own pocketbook. In return, receiving a compliment of being the best drunk ever.Other thoughts, The music is loud, the lighting is nice and dark but you can still see what you're doing. Black light if I'm remembering correctly.
5	Uhh-May-zing!!!Food is off the Rictor.. Great Music and super chill atmosphere. Can't wait to go back and eat here again..
1	Disappointing food and atmosphere.  We went to Red Thai the previous night and sat at the bar for the Happy Hour.  We were so pleased with that experience that we decided to try Sochu.  This is about 180 degrees on the atmosphere and the food was mediocre at best.  We ordered the fried tofu (which is hard to screw up); Red curry with tofu and the pad thai with tofu (since we are both vegan).  The Pad Thai was too sweet and had eggs in it when we specifically said we were vegan.  The red curry was just ok.  It feels like they took the "A" team to Red Thai.  We would never come back to Sochu.
5	Well, as I've stated before, we are huge fans of Johnny Chu! We follow him around to every restaurant in the area that he opens, and we are never disappointed; Sochu House is no exception!We have been here several times now and have enjoyed our experiences each time. The service, food, drinks, and environment are all consistently excellent. The prices are a little high, but we expect that. While it's not really a place for an everyday meal, it is nice for a special occasion or a night out! :) For example, we had a very nice time on Valentines Day earlier this year.The servers are always excellent, friendly, helpful, and polite. They are also there only when you need them; otherwise, they know to give you your space. I adore this quality! I hate being pestered, but at the same time, I don't want to be ignored! :) The food is incredible, but some of the portions are on the smaller side. Still, it is definitely quality and presentation over quantity. Nonetheless, we still leave with full bellies every time! My only complaint would be the dessert cream cheese wontons I got one time. It was a bit pricey and only came with two tiny wontons. The sauce was delicious, at least! I also love the name in general... it is an awesome play on words with Johnny's family name and, I believe, the Japanese alcohol "Shochu." While the food is definitely a fusion, there are some Japanese elements in the dishes... especially presentation. Food should be beautiful AND delicious, and this is something that the Japanese and Johnny Chu have truly mastered. It is a perfect name for an excellent restaurant, and we will definitely be back sometime in the future.
5	Best Asian food I've ever had. All the items on the menu are delicious.  Was a fan of Fate when it was around and happy the chef decided to include many of the same dishes at his new restaurant. Great ambiance,  to die for sakitinis and the staff is super friendly.   If I could rate this place with 10 starts I would!
2	Stopped by one night and we had a party of 11. To my surprise, they charge 2 dollars per ticket for splitting checks, a little odd for me. I don't mind the fee but the party I was with would rather pay together, no biggie. But disappoint came after, food portions are a little small, I can overlook that, but the food? Not very good, their sauce on the hong kong flat noodle was good but the meal itself was lacking. I wouldn't come back.
5	Got the sugar cane pork, orange puff, truffle edamame and tofu wedges. Seriously, this place is the best. You won't be disappointed. YUM!!!
5	I had the yellow curry which was amazing! I love the way the place is decorated and the atmosphere was exciting! The staff is very friendly! I will definitely be eating there more often!
3	We had the gyozo-small, tangy- and Ginger Whitefish- no ginger but plenty of red pepper- and the Sweet Ginger with Prawns- citrusy sweet pineapple with plenty of ginger- and were pleased with the 3rd choice. The brightest light source in the large room was the candle on our table ...why? romantic I guess. When the bill came, 2 things were overcharged $4. I pointed out the differences to the cute but slow waiter and asked him to fix it to insure that the $8 didn't decrease his tip. He said he couldn't because the register was set by items. Is THAT why the help there changes frequently? Because Chu takes money from the poor waiters?
4	The good is great johnny is awesome.  My favorite is duck salad. All the food is goid there is a new bsr staff that makes sll the difference.
3	Service was polite and timely. Beer selection very limited and food average. The hot and sour soup was the best choice of the evening. The rest of our meal was very average. When you are from outside the area average is not what you want. We are visiting and this is our 3rd night eating out and we had high expectations .  Average was not in our plans and that's what we got . The only bright spot was the service, if the food was as good as they were we would have come back.  This will not be on any recommendation we give.
4	Been here 3 or 4 times already, for dinner and happyyy hour. Whooo.. I love the multi colors wedding look, its so pretty. Very romantic feel...... But then, Trance music comes on. Haha. Get my groove on :) Hmmm let's see, I got the tofu and vegetable with rice. The rice was kinda soggy. The tofu was good though. My friend got the noodle dish. He said it was mediocre. He said it would be better if they didn't put too much salt. :/
5	My boyfriend wanted to take me to dinner for my birthday and I chose Sochu House! I saw the pictures and it reeled me right in!!For drinks i ordered the Sweet Karma. This was a lychee martini that was quite tasty. And let me tell you. They do not skimp on the drinks. This was filled to the rim!! For the entree I ordered the crispy island noodles. This comes with chicken, carrots, baby corn, mushroom. The sauce that came with it was really good. We also ordered the fried rice ball. It's exactly like it sounds people. A fried rice ball. Lol. I really loved this place. They have so many items to choose from for their tapas menu. I definitely want to come back to try more of them. We came on a Monday so it is also $3 off your martini drinks. The best part was the ambience and decor of the place. It's a great place for dinner or they also have a lounge to have drinks at. I will definitely be back!
4	I had the spicy chicken wontons and the sugar cane pork. I could have eaten a dozen of the wonton, they were so good!
5	EVERYTHING here is worth ordering. This is a Neo Asian restaurant meaning it's a fuse of Asian foods. Most fusion places I've been too just tasted wrong but this Sochu House know what they're doing. It's also surprisingly cheap for the quality of food you are gettingHere's what I've had:Pad Thai - They make it with vermicelli noodles instead of egg noodles and it works! Crispy Fish Papaya Salad - crispy, light and refreshing. If you've never had papaya salad, try it here. They do a great job. The textures in the dish work harmoniously together.Orange Puff - the sauce for this chicken dish is something i've never had before. I can't even say it resembles orange chicken because it's above thatGarlic Edamame - They've even made something as simple as edamame superb!Green Tea Cheesecake - you can tell they don't actually make this on location and that it's shipped in, but it's still tasty. I crave this from time to time.Pesto Edamame - Yes, it works! Pesto fans, you will enjoy this. The crunch of the edamame plus the nuttiness of the edamame is a blast in your mouthSizzling Shrimp - comes out sizzling, the sauce has a nice kick. Not overbearing, just the right amount of flavorHong Kong Flat Rice - A fun dish! The sauce is mildly sweet, almost resembles a Mongolian sauce. The noodles are dish-like pasta noodles. It will be strange at first chewing them, but if you've ever had mochi before, you will enjoy it!
1	Zero stars! where do I begin.. stop by for dinner & drinks. Ask the bartender if he can wipe down the bar it was very dirty,he replied "it shouldn't be dirty I wiped it down last night". made my drink left it sitting at the other end of the bar for ten mins. We Asked for a menu ,gave us dirty one.(see pic.)bartender bitching how he wants to go home...this place is very dirty .dead on a Friday night,now we know why shut  this place down!!,
5	Mother of god...this food is ahhh so good.  Everything I have ever ordered there is amazing. The quail? Seasoned and crisped to perfection.  The BBQ ribs? Sizzling when the staff brings it to your table.  You bite into it and a burst of flavor hits all of your senses. The fried tofu is ridiculous...granted I've never tired other tofu before...nor do I ever want to.  I'm Sochu tofu loyal now, b*tches.  I could list the other items I've had and the story would be the same great tastes.  Also, where the hell else can you eat dinner while a DJ spins lounge music behind you?  Oh yeah, the drinks are amazing whether it's the regular drinks or martini specials.  They hook you up in a good way :)
5	After watching an Indie at the Film Bar, we wanted to find a place to pause for awhile and, lo and behold, Sochu House.  Mind you, it was past 9 PM on a Tuesday night.  And I thought it was so awesome that it was still open for those of us who despise going home right after seeing a movie.  The place is so chic, great ambiance, food and service.  It was kinda dead given it was a week day night, but still happening in a quiet sort of way.
5	I love Everything about this place!!! Food, atmosphere, decor, location, music, service, cleanliness even the restroom. Sexy!!!
5	Some of my favorite food anywhere! I recommend sweet and sour soup, sugarcane pork, pork goyza, wasabi tofu..... Ok lemme start over... I've liked pretty much everything I've tried there!!
