3	Wow, Pickles is great.  Once a year, when you are tired of getting your grad student snobbery on at koFusion or where ever and need a near lethal injection of kitsch.  When I went, it was still decorated for christmas, and they had metallic green pickle ornaments hanging on fake trees, and drawings of pickles trimming a christmas tree on the specials white board.  And it is not ironic.  These people are serious.My burger was palatable, my fries were much better, and they did have heineken.  Also a "side of the day."  Today it was macaroni salad.  Wow.Unfortunate note:  though all our entrees WERE served with pickles, they were terrible.
4	I like Pickles more than I should.  The fries are these big flat crinkle cut pieces of goodness.  The burgers are yummy too, but I think Courier Cafe makes better ones.  Good place to bring kids and hang out.  I heard a rumor that they're closing, though :(
2	Even though Pickles was a local business, the food is worse than a chain restaurants'. Pickles IS closing. Goodbye and so long. And on July 1st, it is going to be a seamless transition to another locally owned restaurant called... ...sorry, my lips are sealed!Edit 6/23 : Oh - the story is out: http://www.news-gazette.com/news/local/2007/06/22/its_all_greek_area_staple_sold_after_
1	Worst food ever. I went with friends, and *no one* managed to order anything good. The chicken salad tasted like mayo-coated cardboard, the "build your own tacos" were ... unique, and the pickles were disgusting limp hamburger chips. How do you screw up pickles when you're called "Pickles"?  The star is for the decor - if you're ever just desperately nostalgic for both your great-aunt's living room and late-80's/early-90's kitsch, this is the place.Hopefully it'll get better as it makes the transition to Greek food.
1	barf barf barf!!!!!  one of my worst dining experiences ever!now, i realize this is a towny joint in champaign, il.  and believe me, im keeping that in mind when im hating on this place.  but it was horrible.  the food was gross.  not even just subpar.  and i mean, its a simple menu - how do you mess up things like burgers, fries, and chicken?  and the wait staff?!  unbelievable.  just dont go!
1	This place closed a couple of years ago.
