2	Just visited here recently and I was severely disappointed. The toppings were stale and the prices were way too high. Oh well, back to Mojo's!
4	Great for after pita jungle. Just what this plaza needed. Lots of flavors and clean!
5	I couldn't believe my eyes. I went to pick up my take out order from Pita Jungle and oh my, a FRO-YO place (yes I was screaming in my head).  Just a few days ago, I was telling my hubby that Desert Ridge needed a fro-yo place.  I have to have one close by.  Why the 5 stars, because of Pistachio.  I hope they are smart enough to keep that one all the time.  My favorite fro-yo place does, but they are 22 miles away from home.  The place is clean and the space is pretty nice.  As other reviewer said, it will be a great dessert after PJ.  I know my twins will love it.
5	So clean and so organized, this is the place to go for some fro yo fun!  This is the place to enjoy some great tasting flavors and enjoy all of the delicious toppings.  Friendly staff and I am going to return again and again...
1	HORRIBLE!  Don't be fooled by the decor this is not even close to Yogurtology. Odd options of flavors.  Gross toppings. The only fresh fruit they offer is unripe strawberries.  No granola that doesn't contain raisins.  First time I went one of my flavors tasted spoiled and I felt extremely sick rest of the day.
2	Went to MOJO's but they were closed. Son wanted yogurt so we went. Yogurt was ok but turned off by teenage workers walking outside in front of us and lighting up cigarettes outside of front door. Seriously???
4	This place does not have sample cups like MOJO has! I was very disappointed in that. But maybe you have to ask??? I don't know because there was nobody there to take my order or even ask questions.  Some lady came in asking if I worked there because she couldn't find anyone either. Then she asked me how this worked. I told her that I usually go to Mojo at the Biltmore but i was guessing this was basiclly the same but didn't know how much they charge per ounce.I almost left after being in there about 5+ minutes (I was in a hurry to get something to go quickly) and then somebody came out of the back and didn't even greet me. Weird!Anyway, they do have a great selection of all the goodies on the bar, and even have cut up cakes & candy bars which was cool!I think they just need to hire someone else or have two people to a shift...Just saying...
4	Same story-mojo was closed when we went, lucky for us, Y+ opened up! lots more flavors than mojo had, and yummy choices of toppings--one suggestion: more fresh fruit!  Should be jammed by the summer--we'll be in line!
1	I don't know who Danielle B (http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=t-CTq6dtLW_bePYX3DNjwg) is, or what her affiliation to Yogurt+ happens to be.  I can only assume she has some sort of a relationship to the business, because two days after I posted my original review of Yogurt+ she sent me this message:"Do you have a life?  Are you serious that you spend time writing crappy reviews about great places because you CARE.  What BS! Why don't you let people decide for themselves.  And let me tell you about quality NUTS, you clearly don't know what quality NUTS are because its evident you don't even have NUTS.  Take some testosterone. I can't believe you really spend this much time of your life trying to destroy people who are hard working and making something of themselves."I wrote a respectful message in return asking Danielle B about her passion for Yogurt+, and if we could have a discussion about Yelping and why I disliked the place so much.  More than 24 hours later, she has not yet replied.  So in addition to being sold overpriced artificial tasting yogurt, I have been personally attacked for expressing my opinion on a business.  The one thing I had no complaints about with Yogurt+ was the customer service.  But it appears this business may not have that concept down either.  And if Danielle B doesn't have a direct connection to Yogurt+, then she has chosen an unfortunate way to represent the business as its unofficial ambassador.I never in my original review told people not to go to Yogurt+.  I simply expressed by personal opinion about what I thought about an institution that took my money in return for a product that I feel is not worth purchasing.  But if this is the way Yogurt+ or its fans take criticism, then it shouldn't be in a business that deals with the general public.
4	I'm not sure what the other reviewers' problems are with this place. I went today after eating lunch next-door. They had 12 flavors, which I think is pretty good. The place was immaculate, but then again they probably just opened for the day.  They had plenty of toppings, and the yogurt tasted good... there was no loud music, bleachy smell, or people smoking outside. There are a few clean tables & chairs outside to eat at. I'll definitely be back.
4	I like the variety of the yogurt- but it feels a lot more expensive than say, Yogurtini.  This place is closer to home- and I enjoyed the marshmallow flavor- but when I come here I expect to pay more.
4	Yum - we have gone several times now and we have tried each flavor - they are all great.  It is very clean and the service is great!  They have 20% off on Mondays which is a pretty good deal!
4	I'm glad that they have a frozen yogurt place near Desert Ridge.  This was my first time in Yogurt Plus.  They had a nice variety of flavors and they had sample cups too.  :)  So,  I tried a couple flavors and most of them were really good.  I got cake batter, strawberry, peanut butter and coconut.     It is nice that they just opened up across for Desert Ridge.  Since Mojo just closed at City North a couple of months ago.
3	This rating represents a cumulative vote amongst myself and 4 other friends who went with me. We were debating on a 2 or 3. We really had trouble picking the yogurt flavor because everything had an odd taste. Even the most basic chocolate and vanilla were off. Definitely stay away from their basic tart...not what you may expect if you regularly visit fro yo places. The reason we decided on a 3 was because they had pretty excellent topping selections. However, they didn't have crushed Reese's peanut butter cup...a fro-yo essential! Also, no music and really lame decor...not even a big screen. Nothing to make you want to hang around.
1	This is literally the worst frozen yogurt I have ever tasted. I tasted at least eight flavors and they were horrible except for chocolate. The diet flavors are inedible. Vanilla, pistachio, cookies n cream and mint all tasted like nothing, just completely bland. The pound cake had the most profound flavor, which was exactly like eating a birthday cake scented candle. I wish I were being hyperbolic but it seriously was such a bizarre experience.
3	I love this yogurt and the location is perfect!  Up until today,  no issues.  But today I walked in and it felt like a heatwave hit me and I literally was sweating by the time I got my yogurt.  I asked the employee if their AC is broken,  and they said no "she won't turn it on". My guess is they are speaking about the owner.  This kind of bothered me because we live in Arizona.  Not some cool state..These teenage employees are burning up in there! If you can't provide your customers and employees the luxury of comfort,  who cares if the yogurt is good?
5	I love this place so much.  Right next door to one of my fave sushi places and it just makes sense to stop in after dinner.  Super clean. Friendly staff.  Love love love the fact you get to serve your own samples.  Always have a great selection of flavors.  Decently priced too!
5	Updating because this place has seriously been my weekly stop lately!  The AC is now on (sorry about my crazy rant) and the flavors are so yumm! I love the cheesecake and peanut butter.  Can't beat it!
5	This fro-yo place does rate a perfect score by this Yelper, as it:-has aesthetically pleasing (well, at least to me...) decor. Everything's white, including the tables/seats, hanging lamps, etc. Feels very clean and sleak.-has tasty flavors of yogurt. I don't like when my yogurt is too tart or tangy. -is clean and well-stocked toppings. From the bathroom, to the dining area - this place is pleasing-plays house music! This was on a Sunday afternoon, so maybe it depends on who is working, but I appreciated it!
3	Very clean looking inside and it was a very relaxing environment. It looks like a normal fro to type of place but all if the workers are friendly and helpful for whatever you need. It's a good place to go with friends or kids, more of a teenage hang out spot though.
2	Forgettable yogurt. Topping selection was good. Store is clean.  I will pass going here again because I think the yogurt is just average and there are too many other really good shops. Staff are just ok - one girl barely spoke to and acknowledged me.
