4	All I can say is...  I love you for existing and hate you at the same time. Sigh, I miss my skinny jeans ;)
4	Located in a small and unassuming old strip mall on North Decatur is the kind of gem that can easily be overlooked, yet has stood the test of time (now in their second decade). Although the "tripa" has really been a standout, so far we have not found a taco that would not be ordered again, with each being well thought out in preparation, and generous in the meat portions. A four taco "combination" comes with a basket of chips while you are waiting, which can be used to try the different concoctions from their salsa bar. Have not gone beyond the tacos yet, because they simply are so damn good.You can see in the presentation, and taste on the palate, just how much these folks care about their product.
5	Well where do I start? I live pretty much directly across the street from barbacoa...I go here quite often because of this. I would definitely recommend the Taquiza combination plate you get 4 tacos which you can choose every taco to be 4 different types of meat . I have loved everything I have ever tried from the tacos ( I LOVE THE carne asada, shrimp & al pastor as my combination), burritos very nice size always delicious,  enchiladas and of course the shrimp cocktail.  I'm a regular so they know my face and the love they put into the food only makes it better. I have never left disappointed ever!  The fresh homemade tortillas are so great I might add to. See you again next week :)
1	This place looked good from outside and walking in left i was transported to Jalisco and with the Ambience felt I was about to enjoy an authentic meal but quite the contrary.... Service was the worst and food completely sucked!!!! Absolutely no flavor I could have made better chilaquiles and better Barbacoa Only one guy working and it was the worst service waited 20 minutes for coffee and the place wasn't busy. It's a great concept and feels and looks like one will enjoy a great meal but false advertisement You've been warned!
5	amazing salsa bar, everything ive had here is delicious!
4	Saw a write up on a Vegas website with great review so I put it on my to do list.Apparently this place has been here for 9 years, that's a certainly a good sign.Great service.I had the 4 taco plate; 2 barbacoas y 2 asadas.  Asada was very good, barbacoa was also good but a little fatty, it's goat meat BTW.  They have Mexican Coke which I much prefer.Wife had Pastor and chicken tacos.  She liked this place better than Tacos El Gordo and she's Mexican.
