3	Had a coupon for a $5 oil change or something very cheap like that. Staff was friendly and they were able to get my car in right away.As I waited, I checked out the reviews on Yelp and found these two 1-star reviews. Can't say I agree. Sure, they tried to upsell me on some 30,000 mile service but, honestly, it's an auto shop, who doesn't expect that going in? Maybe my opinion would differ if I needed actual work-work done on my car, but for my services it was A-OK
1	So my mom called 4/18/12 them asking how much is an oil change and they said $9.99 she asked even without the coupon the lady said yes. So my mom drove over there and then they were going to charge her $23 in coin plus tax. Her car uses regular oil & filter nothing special it's an old Honda. She told them she called before asking the price and they said she needs more oil in her car so it's extra charge. Ridiculous trying to cheat & take advantage of an old women who don't speak very well English. Went to the Purrfect Auto at W Ann Road so much better & honest there.Will never come back to this one on Craig.Note: my uncle had problems with them 2x.  First time they forgot to put the oil cap back on and the oil spilled all over the engine. The car had the burnt smell for a while. Could have messed up his car. Shhsh 2nd time they didn't put enough oil. They only but 4 qts not 5qts. The car was shaking and making funny sounds so my uncle pulled over and put more oil in.This place should be called Shamme on you Auto or Unpurrfect Auto.
1	Took my Honda Accord for a check engine light and intermittent engine shut off problem. They charged me around $50 to diagnose the problem and said you need a tune up.. And your fuel pump and filter has to be changed. Cost $400 plus. I walked out of there took it to different mechanic. He said all I need is a new fuel filter. Total cost $20 pep boys...no more issues with my car.
5	Had an oil leak, that was a main bearing leak and other problems. They treated me fair and a price slightly lower then normal. My uncle has a shop on East coast and said price was right on. Theses guys seem fair and honest. Just wanted to pipe in, as I hate to see bad reviews on a company that is fair and seem to care, so hard to find a good shop these days,Warning stay away from discount auto off Cheyenne and rancho, that place is a rip off.
5	Couldn't be happier today after my early morning visit to Purrfect Auto. Went into to have a bulb replaced on my front headlight. Turns out the bulb was fine and it was an electrical issue. Brandon was so accommodating to my financial situation and really worked with me. Not to mention my car was finished 30 minutes sooner than he quoted.
1	I would have put no stars if I could. STAY... AWAY... FROM... THIS ... PLACE! We have taken several of our cars there. I have no problem with them trying to upsell on services (they're in business to make money), but this place will lie and try to scare you into making repairs you do not need. I took my Pathfinder there for an oil change and the mechanic told me that my car was making noise that indicated I needed work done and possibly belts replaced at a cost of about $600.00. What he didn't know was that I had just got my truck fully serviced for the 100K maintenance and I knew I didn't need any work. After I told him that he said "Oh, well everything looks great then." We then took our Cadillac because we were getting a "SWITCH" on the dashboard. they informed us we had a bad "Switch Box" and it needed to be replaced. They charged us $300.00 to replace it. After they (supposedly) replaced it, the message and light continued to appear at random. We took it back to them to inform them that we still have the same problem. They told us to bring it back in the morning and that it would only take about a half hour or so to figure it out. I asked the manager several times if that was enough time since I had an appointment at noon. He assured me that it was. That morning I dropped of the car at 8am and did not get a call back from them until 11:15am (even after I called to remind them I had a 12:00 appointment). Then told me that the ABS sensor was bad and that was the cause of the problem. I asked if that was originally the problem since the message on the dashboard was exactly the same. He said it was not (even though it was only doing exactly what it was already doing when we took it in the first time). He told me he could get me a new one for $489.00 or he could sell me a used one. At that point I knew I was being scammed out right and simply demanded my car back.When I got the car back a different light on the dash board is not on "ABS" which means my ABS braking system is no longer active in the car... But that light was never on when I left it with them or before that time. Now we have to pay another shop over $500.00 to fix a problem that we didn't even originally have (replacing the ABS module), which wasn't the issue when we took the car to Purrfect Auto.I will never take any vehicle there again. I wouldn't even take my bicycle there if I had a flat. I wouldn't trust these people to fix a broken heel on a shoe. They smile to your face and scam behind your back to get as much money from you as they can. You have been warned. Get a second opinion on ANYTHING they tell you about your car or better yet save yourself the money, headaches and frustration and just take your car elsewhere to start with.
5	Had a water pump go out, came back to these guys and this was a major job with timing belt change and more. Within 24hrs they had me back on the road.They give fair deals and no upselling. You will not find the cheapest rates, but they dont overcharge either they are fair. There is lots of scam repair shops around vegas, but these guys are not.They have a drop box for late night tow, which is what I had. And they treat Military very fairly.  Not sure for about the bad reviews, I never had a problem here.
1	Poor service.... wanted me to wait an hour for a SMOG CHECK.... A 2 MIN PROCEDURE.   When I called they were open... 20 min later it would be an hour wait...
1	Arrived at 10am for a tire repair and after 4 hours I'm still sitting here watching the garage guys laugh and joke around while I'm left in the dark. I would not recommend this shop to anyone.
1	Waited 40 minutes to have my oil changed only to be told their bays were full and it would be at least another 30 minutes.  They knew it would be an hour when I first dropped it off. Now they lost my business and will never go back. Next time be honest to your customers. Shady
