4	An interesting culinary experience... on a hot dog!I wanted to be adventurous, so I went with the Bahn Mi Dog (all beef dog topped with duck liver, pickled cucumbers and red onions, fresh sliced jalepenos, and cilantro.  First off, the dog is excellent.  Crispy outer casing and delicious yummy hot dog goodness inside.  But I have to say my favorite part of this was the pickled cukes and onions mixed with the fresh jalepenos and cilantro.  This baby has some bite.  Duck liver is always delicious, but half way through I was sort of done with the texture.  I think that's just me (and the gallons of beer I had drunk the night before), so I would definitely get it again.... if, that is, I can resist the temptation of the New York Dog ('kraut and grain mustard) or the Chili Cheese Dog (huge cheese curds mixed in with the chili).  What was cool about this Bahn Mi (or dangerous) is that with all the fresh ingredients, I didn't feel like I just ate a hot dog, rather, just had one of the best and most interesting Asian meals I've had in a while.One other thrilling aspect of this eatery is the fries - traditional or fried in duck fat.  OF COURSE I got the duck fat fries.  And OF COURSE they were solid - they're fried in duck fat for crying out loud.  Especially with the multitude of condiments to choose from (s&p, ketchup, mustard, mayo, sriracha, and my personal favorite - malt vinegar.So here's what to expect when you walk in: A small, simple, but exciting menu (about 8 dogs ranging from $5-$9 and fries) with a good sized crowd (at least I was pleasantly surprised to see a full house at 2pm on Saturday).  You're going to stand in line to order and seating is first come, first serve (bar-type seating facing the windows all along the interior).And don't worry hot dog purists (p*ssies), you can get a plain ol' dog if that's your heart's desire.
4	These dogs will make you hoooowl!  An tasty dog with some different toppings for those that want to experience a gourmet type dog or U can get a regular dog!Some of the best 100% beef dogs in natural casing (U can get a vegen dog too).   Some very interesting dogs include:  Kimchi, Devil, Sweetbread, Chili, Hawaii, New York, and of course a regular ..probably a few others.Just reopened by brothers Kevin and Tom Sousa, so if you like Salt and want to go low key and low expense and not looking for the high tech culinary experience, give it a try!  Just a small, simple, little, glassed shop where you sit facing out onto the parking lot.On Broad St. just behind Target.The Kimchi dog with Kimchi, Kewpie Mayo and Nori was delicious.  The Duck Fat Fries were nicely cooked and tasty...had malt vinegar to go with it or Heinz ketchup if you prefer.
4	SOLID.Went here for lunch and I can't get the smile off of my face.They have 8 different dogs ranging from $4-9. Standard and Duck Fat fries for $3/5 respectively, and a soda fountain. You can read all about the menu on their website.I had the ever popular Chili Cheese Dog to start. While not the prettiest thing to look at, it came together so well... smoked brisket chili, cheese curds on a toasted bun. About the hot dog itself, it is perfect. The casing has a nice snap to it, and the meat is super juicy and flavorful. I also feel less squeamish about eating a dog made to Kevin Sousa's specifications.The fries were excellent. They have a ton of friers and some elaborate system of re-frying and resting the fries, resulting in a generous portion of crispy fries that range a bit in color... making everybody happy.I then went back for the Devil Dog... egg salad, tobasco, potato chips and scallions... this time on the vegan smart dog. I've never had a smart dog before, but I was very pleasantly surprised with the natural texture and how juicy the darn thing was. It really was just a conduit for the toppings, anyhow. For vegans and vegetarians, I noticed they have a separate flat top for the smart dogs and veggie chili. I also meant to ask if the Kimchi was vegetarian or not but forgot.The space is pretty cool, too. A high ceiling, high window diner feel. Just unfortunate that you have to stare at the business end of Target.Service was excellent. Orders were well expedited and there are two ordering lines.Clientele at lunch today were all drivers, but I'm guessing during the warmer months they won't have trouble convincing people to walk or ride their bike.4 stars overall. I would give it 5 but something just seems missing. Not sure what it is. If I don't figure it out I'll give it 5 stars in an update review.
5	I wouldn't exactly call myself a hot dog connoisseur, but I can tell the difference between a good one and a great one. And the dogs at the newly re-opened Station Street are GREAT. You bite them, they snap. They're beefy. Not mushy or greasy or made with unidentifiable products, like at some local landmarks *ahem*dirtyo's*ahem*. As noted in other reviews, there are lots of menu options, even for vegetarians.My pretty and sweet dining companion and I had never had duck fat fries. They're the newest thing, at least out here in flyover land. We went nuts and got both the regular fries and the duck fat ones. It's definitely worth the two extra bucks for the duck fat. However, if there's a hole in your wallet, the regular fries are great too. They're cut  right in front of you (we watched they guy make them).I've never seen so many deep fat fryers, which of course means you get plenty.Even if you hate hot dogs (and what's wrong with you?), it's still worth a trip for the decor alone. The building dates to 1969 and is very much in keeping with fast-food architecture of the time, which basically means it's shaped like some kind of bizarre hat. There are no tables inside other than counters and barstools, but that's perfect for this kind of an eatery. The restaurant itself dates back to 1915, but the signage (including the outdoor sign) probably dates to the 1970s. The wall tiles and countertops match the aesthetic. Frankly, it made me happy just walking into the place.It's a great lunchtime pitstop or dinner treat. I can't wait until summertime; it's bound to be a fantastic hangout.
4	Hungry for some of Kevin Sousa's food, but the menu at Salt doesn't change frequently enough for your taste? While you wait for Union Pig & Chicken to open, Station Street Hot Dogs offers you a late new years gift - a closed hot dog shop, revived by Sousa and his brother to create fun but still sophisticated food.Upon walking in to the shop, you're greeted with two familiar features - First, a wide open kitchen, striking due to the fact that a hot dog joint is usually the type of establishment where you'd rather not see environment your food is being cooked in. This, though, is spotless and currently manned by some familiar faces from Salt's kitchen(easily identified by their tattoos and Salt T-shirts under their aprons).Second, a large chalkboard menu above the register. Hot dogs range from a standard dog($4) to a Sweetbread-laden frank topped with an apple mostarda($9), with most of the dogs featuring American(Chili,saurkraut) or Asian(kim chi, sweet soy sauce) influences. Other items on the menu include fries, optionally fried in duck fat($3/$5) and mexican coke($2). Around the outside of the restaurant is a bar with stools for seating, and a few trays of condiments(ketchup, mustard, salt, pepper, vinegar, sriracha).We ordered a Hawaii dog($5), a Devil dog($5), and a Kim chi dog($7), along with fries. The Hawaiian dog tasted fantastic, sweet and salty all at the same time, though I wasn't pleased to find a small garnish of fresh mint, an herb that I'm not fond of. Surprisingly, the mint wasn't a deal-breaker for me, but I would have enjoyed it more without. Also, they are unfortunately not immune to the age-old mistake of putting watery toppings on a hot dog - the bottom of the bun turned to mush and the two halves had split by the time I could pick it up. The devil dog was a bit bland, egg salad, tabasco, and potato chips tastes about how it sounds, and was not very spicy at all. As a chilihead, I'd prefer to see a non-tabasco hot sauce used here, and this turned into the spicy dog expected it to be.The kim chi dog was the star of the show, though. If you've ever gone to the Brooklyn Flea and stopped at Asia Dog, you know how wonderful of a combination kim chi and hot dogs can make. I've searched high and low for a competitor to those wonderful dogs, and now there is one mere blocks away from me. Covered in kim chi and kewpie mayo(a japanese brand of mayo made with vinegar and egg yolks), garnished with bonito and strips of nori, the flavors of this were spicy and creamy and bold and salty - my favorite combination. I did find the price tag to be a bit hefty, but I've spent more on bad downtown lunches, so it could be worse.The fries were tasty, well-fried and salty, but not particularly notable. My only other complaint of this place would have to be the atmosphere - it was almost dead silent, even the guys calling out the order numbers was quiet. A hot-dog joint where you sit on barstools, to me, should be boisterous - cooks yelling, pans banging on the griddle, etc. Hell, at least put in a jukebox or something.Other than that, this is an awesome reinvention of an East Liberty landmark. I urge you to come give it a shot and see what an inventive hot dog can taste like, especially with the awesome hours(open until 11pm Mon-Sat!!). Also, I urge you to take a look at the fantastic website of this establishment, I was really impressed by the design.--Also, they offer Smart Dogs as a veggie replacement for any menu item. I'm not a fan of them, though, as their texture is too far off(feels like lumpy pudding) - I wish they'd take advice from Franktuary and get a local option, and a veggie option that doesn't try to imitate.
4	Station Street Hot Dogs is an upscale hot dog joint opened by Salt of the Earth chef Kevin Sousa.  I'm pretty sure this is the first time something like this has existed in Pittsburgh. The menu consists of 8 different hot dogs that range in adventurousness and price from the House Dog ($4) to the Sweetbread Dog ($9).  They also have fresh-cut fries that you can get fried in duck fat if you choose.  Of course, I went for the craziest thing on the menu which was the Sweetbread Dog.  Fried thymus/pancreas doesn't normally come to mind when I think hot dogs, but I've had delicious sweetbreads at Salt of the Earth so I was confident this would be worth trying.  It was a 100% beef hot dog topped with sweetbreads, apple mostarda, pepper relish, and shallots.  The sweetness of the apple mostarda contrasted perfectly with the spiciness of the pepper relish.  The sweetbreads were delicious and again cooked perfectly.  It would not be an exaggeration to state that this was the best hot dog that I've had in my life.Station Street offers take-out or you can sit on bar stools at the counter that wraps around the windows of the restaurant.  Bear in mind that there are no tables.  I saw a family with smaller children who were struggling to sit at the counter.At the moment there's no liquor license, but Chef Sousa has stated that this will change at some point in the future.  He's also stated that the menu will rotate depending upon the freshness of available ingredients (I can't wait to try his Chicago Dog when tomatoes are back in season).I spent 17 years of my life living in the 15206 zip code so I think it's just tremendous that Chef Sousa has now opened 3 businesses here.  It's revitalizing the neighborhood, creating jobs, and giving Pittsburghers even more choices for a delicious meal.
5	I'm amused at how long and detailed previous reviews of this place are.  So to make this very easy: best hot dog ever.Think of all the elements that make a hot dog delicious- a generous sausage that's goes 'snap' when you bite into it, it's moist in the middle, and not mushy, nor filled with an unidentified "meat product".  The bun is soft and a little chewy, not too sweet, actually holds the sausage and the toppings you choose, and doesn't fall apart.The perfect hot dog and worth the trip to hipsterville.Duck fat fries were also devoured.  Simple as that.
4	Shocker folks, I don't normally like hot dogs.  The only way you can hand me a hot dog I'll actually eat is if it's fresh off the grill.  With loads of ketchup...and I DO mean loads, like buckets full!  If I ever think of eating a hot dog without ketchup, the world may end.  The world kinda did tonight...a little.I ordered the New York Dog and the Sweetbread Dog, plus the duck fat fries to split with my friend.  I had to order the NYC Dog because I love me some sauerkraut.  I ordered the Sweetbread dog because it had the word "sweet" in it.  No lie.  Please don't judge, but I thought sweetbread was like cornbread (I see you rolling your eyes foodies!).  So I imagined this dog in between a roll that's actually corn bread...perhaps another creation Mr. Sousa?  Anyway, I digress... The sweetbread I actually found out is...I suggest you look it up (but a hint: it deals with hearts and throats of animals).  I'm willing to try anything so biting into the sweetbread it was almost a gel like consistency and very salty.  I'm not a salty food person (a weirdo, I know!), so this wasn't my favorite thing.  What was my favorite thing was the NYC Dog.  I know, traditional, but the dog itself was absolutely high grade meat.  It was not your typical microwaved wiener.  The sauerkraut was the right amount of tangy and crunch.  And I swear, I only put a dab of ketchup on!  Probably because I wanted to enjoy the taste of the grain mustard, which I have really become a fan of as of late.  Total winner!The duck fat fries were good, but I enjoy them a bit more crispy.  I dumped ketchup on them.  I should really just shut up about the ketchup....This really is a great, fast and fairly cheap option for the East End area.  When me and the hubby are heading over there to volunteer at the Animal Rescue League we need something fast, but something that will also taste good.  Surprisingly, there's not many options.  But now, we're saved!  Good thing we're not eating dogs and then going to see dogs, we only volunteer with the cats...phew!
3	Have been there 5 times. Tried all of the dogs. Very good and creative. Have had both the duck fat and regular fries. The last 3 times they were way TOO SALTY. Almost choked. They were also soggy, not crisp. They pre- fry and then put back in oil when orders come in  CAN'T DO THAT. Solid place but won't survive without good fries.
2	I so wanted to like this place for many reasons. But what a disappointment! The retro building and decor is pretty cool (1 star). Kevin Sousa opening up another spot in East Lib, very cool (1 star).But the hot dogs were lackluster. Bad bun.Sad, soggy toppings on the New York Dog and Chili Cheese Dog. Soggy, bland fries. And it's all overpriced for soggy, smooshy, dogs. I might go back to check it out when they get beer...hopefully the menu will improve over time. I had high expectations for this place after dining at Salt.If you're craving a hot dog, D's in Regent Square still reigns supreme...for now at least.
4	So my review for this place is difficult. I'm not quite sure they should get 4 stars, but I'm giving it to them because overall I was pleased and it lived up, mostly, to my expectations, and for that they deserve a star. The hot dog was good. The quality was decent and it was a pretty big dog. I'm not always a fan of cased hot dogs, but I got over that just fine. The bun was a mix of standard but a little better (Dormont Dogs still beats most hot dog places on this). My only issue with the hot dogs is that there weren't all that many options and they were expensive. Now, I appreciate a simplistic menu approach, and actually prefer it, but what I didn't like is that there wasn't a lot of "traditional" approaches. I enjoyed the Devil Dog (although I could have done without chips on top), but I also would have loved to gotten a second hot dog that was just plain with my own condiments. Nothing really beats the classic approach. The price points were OK, but my total for the meal was $12, and I had a hot dog, fries and a drink. I could pay that much at a nicer cafe for more food, but overall I was pleased. The fries in duck fat were amazing, and I think one of the best fries I've ever had. The best part was that they didn't do much else to the potato, but let the duck fat speak for itself.The shop is cute, but it's definitely in a slightly odd spot. I enjoy the class-meets-new design and think it fits the bill. I will definitely be back!
4	Another Sousa joint eh?  huh.  ok.  lets try it!After work one day after hitting trader joes we swing by.COOL!  Veggie dog.  I like this trend of more veggie and vegan friendly places and options and cant wait until this place has some more vegan friendly toppings.  ok, on the food...I had the new york with veggie dog.  hearty brown mustard and kraut.  She had chili cheese with beef dog and an order of fries.I've noticed that as easy as fries can be to make a lot of places just totally miss the mark.  I was happy to see that this place had a decent and seasoned fry.  The kraut was good, balanced.  I liked the flavor a lot, it worked well with the mustard and gave a decent flavor.She loved the chili cheese dog.  the dog casing snapped and was real and good in a super awesome meatilicious glorious way.  good chili (also vegan) and all together a good dog.attention to detail stood out to me in this newly opened shop slightly off the beaten path.  I'll check it out again, I'd recommend this to veggie/vegan people as well as people that want a high quality all beef dog.
3	Gotta give the guys props, they've got a good idea going and business is definitely bumping in this place.  But for a girl that has been lucky enough to have eaten at HOT DOUG'S of Chicago, this place is a mere shadow of them.  A few interesting choices including the BANH MI, KIMCHEE, and HAWAIIAN dog.  Of the 3 we tried, the hawaiian dog won out.  However, I was disappointed that every dog was the SAME HOT DOG under different toppings.  Especially if I am paying FIVE, SEVEN, and up to NINE DOLLARS for a dog, I better see some more effort than different toppings.  One day if they hope to expand, they might think about making their own sausages with different meats/flavors (go hot doug!).  Now the FRIES---SALT OVERLOAD!  Tell the dude over the fryer to take it easy, man!  A good number of them were CRUSTED WITH SALT and I was anticipating a thirst outbreak in 30 minutes.  All in all, not bad for a place that just opened.  They definitely have potential, but I won't be craving for a return visit.
2	So maybe it is just me, maybe I'm not getting the whole gourmet hot dog craze.  I just, well, 2 stars to me means I won't go back.  Not unless someone insists I go with them.  And even then, I will more than likely try my best to talk them out of it.I mean, it wasn't all bad.  The bun was really good.  And the hot dog, just plain, was good.  The duck fat fries were tasty.  And the packaging for my to go order kept my dogs warm until I got home.  But some of it was bad.  The New York dog, eh.  Definitely not the best I've had in Pittsburgh.  And while the fries were good, it looked like I got the last batch as it was mostly very small pieces.  I also tried the chili cheese dog.  First, it needs more cheese.  If I have to look for the cheese, there's not enough there.  And the brisket chili did not appeal to my taste buds and had an odd texture.  The best part of my meal would have to be the root beer I drank out of my East End growler where I stopped before Station Street.  Sigh.  My entire order was $15 + tax.  In my recently hot dog tastings it seems like we're getting farther away from just the classic dog.  Station Street has a kimchee hot dog.  Is that necessary?  Not, it's not.  Places like this make me long for Toula's, where I could get 2 chili cheese dogs and an order of fries for under $5.
3	I'm a fan.  I'll go back regularly, as it's right next to work.The Hawaiian dog was the winner.  All around great.  My girlfriend's a fan of the Devil Dog.  The plain dog is solid.The chili dog was really, really dull; it's some of the most boring chili I've had in awhile, and it reminds me of the Staag chili-in-a-can my neighbor's dad ate when I was a kid.  Some tomato, or some spice, or some heat would help this for me.The New York dog is missing something, but I can't figure it out yet.The buns fall apart with the wetter toppings, which made this a bit of a mess.The regular fries at $3 are almost indistinguishable, to me, from the $5 duck fat fries.  Both are good, but neither tasted clearly better.
4	My wife and I went here about a week ago.I was very pleased with my chili dog and duck oil fries.The hot dog was everything you'd like a hot dog to be, a nice natural casing that snaps when you bit into it, moist and flavorful interior, and a nice griddled flavor. We found the restaurant to be clean and well kept and the staff to be friendly and helpful.We'll definitely come back.
3	I am not a fan of hot dogs, so, yes, I am biased, but 3 stars is already quite generous. I tried the bahn mi and the kimchi hot dogs. I have no idea what I am supposed to like: the not very tasty sausage, the soft bun, the bit of stuff on it? I don't get it. And $7 for a hot dog?  On the other hand, the duck fat fries are good, and they sell mexican coke!
5	I thought I'd wait a little while to review SSHD. I felt that I needed to sample a few menu items before drawing a conclusion (in other words, I gave myself license to visit a few times in close succession). This place is fantastic. It will be the go-to Saturday afternoon spot on warm days. If only they served beer!I've tried the chili dog, house dog, and hawaiian dog. Plus the duck fat fries. Oh yes, the duck fat fries. The dogs are very tasty. You have the feeling you're eating quality beef - not some random, mysterious "meat product." My favorite hands down is the hawaiian dog. The dainty (yes, dainty) pineapple salsa and bacon bits make this a winner. Salty and sweet. The other dogs are great too. For those who like it simple go for the house dog. Also go for the house dog if you like to customize because you can add a lot of condiments to it if so desired.The duck fat fries everyone talks about are most likely the best fries you will ever have. Service is fast and friendly. This is a fast food joint (with really great food), so don't expect wonders on the service front. But do expect friendly and sincere.
3	I was looking forward to eating some duck fat fries and some fancy-shmancy hot dogs. However, after having those fries and splitting a NY dog (kraut and mustard, I think) and a sweetbreads dog, I was left feeling 'meh'. The fries were good, but I like Wingharts better, fo' sho'. As for the dogs... The buns were just basic buns. The shining glory of the hot dogs was the hot dog meat itself. It was definitely delish, big, and flavorful. However, the toppings fell flat for me. Nothing on the NY dog stood out as above average, and the sweet breads dog actually kind of freaked me out. Now, if you're a lover of sweetbreads, perhaps you'd be into it. I knew what sweetbreads are, but had never had them, so I decided to go out on a limb and try it. I think the dog had deep-friend sweetbreads, apple mostarda, pepper relish, and crispy shallots. I took my first bite into half a sweetbread and figured out that I do not like sweetbreads. The texture weirded me out, as did the taupe color. Taupe is not a color I want my food to be. No. Taupe is for pleated-front slacks. I wasn't into the apple mostarda stuff, either. The apple overwhelmed other flavors for me. The pepper relish didn't jive with the apples for my palate, either. And, I don't even remember seeing or tasting crispy shallots, to be honest...'n' I love shallots. Overall, for me, this place was okay, because the hotdogs themselves were high quality. I might go back, but if I do, I'll just get a plain dog with mustard and onions! P.S. When I was there, there was no condiment bar, just ketchup pumps, if I recall correctly...
4	I had no idea what to expect coming here.  I thought my wife was just suggesting we try out a random hot dog place in East Liberty, but wow was I wrong.  The Hawaiian hot dog was outstanding!  The pineapple and bacon was perfectly refreshing and savory.I also tried the Duck Fat Fries, which tasted almost identical to the regular fries.  Kind of a cool concept, but I didn't really notice much of a taste difference.  Otherwise, the thinly sliced fried potatoes were absolutely delicious. It's a little awkward driving up to the place and sitting down to eat since the respective parties are almost forced to stare at each other.
3	Yum yum. These hotdogs were a bit pricey for what you get, but they're pretty good too. My friend had the Bahn Mi and I the Hawaiian I think it was called. Bueno. The duck fries were soggy when they came out, but they're goddamn fries so they can only be so bad. Nothing blew my mind, but the cashier was cute!
4	I was looking forward to coming here for a while and was not disappointed with what I found.  I had the chili dog while my companion went for the devil dog.  We both had separate orders of the duck fat fries, which was foolish, because there would have been plenty to share had we decided to take that route.The duck fat fries were quite tasty, golden and delicious, but I think I'd need to do a taste test of the regular fries before I could totally recommend them over the normal version.  They basically tasted like my ideal of how french fries should taste, but maybe their regular fries do as well.  The chili dog, however, I can recommend wholeheartedly.  First off, the quality of the dog was top notch.  It was accompanied by chili containing tasty pieces of brisket, which was generously applied to the dog along with onions and cheese (which melted nicely into gooeyness).  The bun even held up nicely, without sogginess or other decomposition, though it was otherwise relatively unremarkable.My companion inhaled his devil dog and indicated that it more than met his expectations.  There was a wide selection of condiments available at the counter, including vinegar and Sriacha.The building itself is kind of cool, with an open view into the food preparation area and plenty of natural light from the large windows.  Most of the seating consists of stools lining the bar that is attached to the building wall, which results in you looking out into the parking lot or street.  Could be slightly awkward if you need to sit inside with a large group.  I do wish they had some additional outdoor seating, as the two tables that I saw out there were both filled the entire time I was there.Service was upbeat and friendly.  I will be back for sure.
5	Great food and cute men. GO! They're super nice and it's a great place to go with your man (or woman or whomever), pig out (and feel awesome about it), and stare at the men behind the counter.
4	I got the Bahn Mi Dog, which is a wonderfully souful combination of Vietnamese flavors.  Delicious.  The fries are fresh cut, not frozen, and arguably the best in town. They taste real, this is how I remember fries before everyone started using frozen potatoes.  The fries portion is large enough for 2 to share.
4	After reading positive reviews about this place on a neighborhood email list-serv, I made a special trip here one afternoon. I'm glad I did.  Station Street Hotdogs is clean, bright, & cheerful.  The staff were incredibly warm & friendly. The area is designed so that you can watch them toast the bun on a grill - yummy!I did splurge on the duck fat fries.  They were delicious - crispy & flavorful.   My only complaint is the pricing for the "house dog" ( the only basic hotdog).  I'm not a fancy fixins kind of girl.  I just want ketchup and a bit of onion - so $4.00 is quite expensive for that. I will definitely recommend this place and I'll return.
3	Really cool concept and I'm excited that the hotdog shop finally reopened.  The hot dogs are good, but for the price, I would have expected more? I went when it first opened, and the hotdogs choices were beef or veggie. I had it topped with sweetbread and my boyfriend had the Hawaiian. They were ok. Sweetbread and hotdogs are good two great things, but when combining them together in a sandwich, you need a little to blend the tastes together.  For the prices, I guess I was expecting something like hot Doug's in Chicago.
4	Just don't get the Chili Cheese Dog. It's alright...3-star alright.But "Yay! I'm a fan" of the other dogs. So far, I've had the Hawaii Dog, Bahn Mi Dog, and Gyro Dog, and all of them way outshined the Chili Cheese Dog. Didn't like the relish on the Gyro Dog but the Tzatsiki sauce was sooooo good. I want to take it home with me in a jar so I can bring it to work and put it on my shitty mall-food-court gyros, because it would probably make them taste like the best retail-lunch EVER. No complaints at all about the Hawaii, and the Bahn Mi was probably the best hot dog I have ever eaten. I normally don't like pate of any sort, but I was feeling adventurous. No. Regrets. If you're just gonna try one dog, this would be my pick.I can't give it 5 stars for two big reasons. One, I really don't "get" the hype for the duck fat fries (and more side options would be nice, like onion rings or the all too played-out yet always delicious mac & cheese or even just cheese fries). Two, the mediocre Chili Cheese Dog. I know, I'm being ridiculous, but when I want cheese on my hot dogs I want more than just 4 little cheddar curds. I want a gooey, cheesy mess. Regardless, this is def gonna be my go-to fast food destination for the summer.
4	I must preface my comments with a disclaimer that I grew up around the corner from the original Original Hot Dog Shop on Station St. in East Liberty (across from the Carnegie Library).  I am a big hot dog fan and when I saw this place was once again open under new ownership, I thought I'd try it.  On my first visit, I stuck with the tried and true.  Just the dog and fries folks.  I like my dog a little brown, ordered it that way and it was great.  The fries were delicious and way too much for one person to consume.  Note:  I had never heard of "duck fat fries" so I passed on them and the $2 additional price.  On my second visit, I had my mind set on another dog but then saw they offered an oyster po boys, decided to get one and to try the duck fat fries.  I guess I didn't read the description of the po boy  closely enough, because it seems there was a hot dog at the bottom of my oyster po boy.  Hmm, my mind, and my mouth, was expecting a New Orleans style po boy and I got a hot dog with fried oysters, lettuce and tomatoes on top.  Hmmm.  Interesting combination but somehow my mind couldn't wrap itself around a hot dog in my po boy.  The duck fat fries were good, but frankly, I couldn't detect a difference in taste between them and the regular fries.  Next time, I'll save the additional $2 dollar and just get regular fries.All in all, the place is clean and the staff helpful and friendly.  The food is fresh and cooked to order and the a/c rocks (it was 90+ on the day I visited.  I'll be back!Update:  On my next visit, I mentioned to the young woman waited on me that it might be helpful if the menu mentioned that the Po'Boy contained a hotdog at the bottom of the oysters.  She told me in a very snippy voice, "this IS a hotdog shop."  As she took my order this day, it seemed my suggestion really irritated her and her subsequent attitude reflected this.  it put a bitter taste in my mouth.
2	It is really expensive to get 1 regular hot dog here. $4 for one hot dog is a bit ridiculous when i can get 2 for $0.99 at Sheetz.  Maybe if they had a deal of 2 for $6 I wouldn't feel so gypped.I tried a free Bahn Mi dog and it seems like a good idea but the execution was off.  I think they need a harder roll to stand up to the ingredients.  If you are going Vietnamese, do it with a crusty baguette.  overall it was too mushy, though i did enjoy the cilantro.  I did like the dog itself.  It had a great casing that snapped in your mouth.  It was one of the best hot dogs i have had.  Not worth $3.50 (assuming the rolls are $0.50).  Overall, If i want to get an expensive hot dog, i may go to Dee's where i can have it and a beer.  otherwise, Sheetz is A-OK in my book.As for the Mexican coke, i was really excited about it until i saw the same thing in American Sheetz for 1/2 the price.  I then highly doubted that they imported the Coke from Mexico.  Am I stupid for assuming Mexican Coke was imported from Mexico?  I mean, that is why i didn't get too pissed about the price! I feel like this became a weird Sheetz-love review.  Yes, i only tried 2 dogs, but I can't afford to try the others.  Based on price & the 2 dogs I had, I have to give them a 2 star review.
3	Great conceptGreat menuGreat styleGreat websiteBAD BUNS.Halfway through my Hawaii Dog the bun completely fell apart :(
4	They've got a fine veggie dog. I often just go for the regular old hotdog options, but I have sampled the more creative ones, as well. If you're in the mood for a dog experiment, it's a fine way to fly.I'm going to be honest, here: vegetarian dogs in general - no matter who's making them - don't really get anybody excited. Am I right? They're perfectly fine to consume, and SS does a great job working with them. For that they should be commended.But let's get down to business: french fries. The fries at SS are off the hook. They take the fries from D's and the O, blend them into a singular superior concoction, kick 'em in the teeth, and then go make much better fries and serve those to you.You see what I'm saying? They're really effing good fries.And I hear, for those who partake of animals, that the duck fat fries are rad.So go get yourself down to East Liberty, do your Target shopping or whatever, and get some fries with a side of hot dog.Bonus: it's great for kids. I have a typical toddler, and thus suffer from Family Restaurant Avoidance Syndrome. But the little man is totally happy at Station Street. Food comes out fast, atmosphere is casual, patio is ideal.No more excuses. Get down to Station Street. Like, now.
3	pretty good... and fairly priced!
4	So, my husband and I have long lamented the lack of low priced GOOD food around where we live. That is, we've been looking high and low for a cheap meal (think less than $10 pp) that isn't pizza or a chain, like Chipotle or Panera. For a while, the only place we had on our list was La Feria (which, to be fair, breaks the $10 rule by two dollars or so sometimes). Enter Station Street Hot Dogs.First - gotta come clean, we only tried the veggie dogs. Lord only knows, the beef dogs must be fabulous, because the veggie dogs are legit. As in, I could barely tell they were veggie dogs. They had all the texture and taste of a regular hotdog, minus the dripping grease. So, if you've ever been interested in trying high quality vegetarian protein, try this. I got the Po Boy (delicious) and the hubster had both a Classic and a veggie chili dog. The veggie chili was meh, but apparently, the meat chili is made from the brisket that they use at Union Pig and Chicken, and if you have seen my review of that, you'll know why my mouth is suddenly salivating. Next time I come, I'm getting the poutine - the gravy for that is also made from the brisket drippings.So get your legs a moving over here and give this place a try. It doesn't have to be a gut buster, and it almost certainly isn't a wallet buster. Rumor has it that they are going to try a legit dinner menu sometime down the road.
2	Eh. Same complaints as most.   While sometimes nothing hits the spot like a simple dog with a plain ol white bread bun, these dogs definitely need something more substantial to hold up to the ample toppings- I was annoyed with the explode-a-bun by the end of lunch.  I really enjoyed the banh mi dog concept and the toppings were dee-lish, fresh, and very tasty but I didn't love the dog.  I like a more beefy, strongly flavored hot dog and this seemed more like a vehicle for toppings.  Definitely wouldn't satisfy my craving if I was really in the mood for hot dogs.  DH had the chili dog and enjoyed it.  We had the poutine as well, and while the individual parts were yum I thought they could have served it a little hotter so the curds would start to melt- they were kinda cold and hard, and way too big to spread the love and enjoy with the whole pile of fries.  We probably wouldn't go again, my overall impression was that it was gimmicky and wasn't really a "hot dog" stand so much as a "put fancy stuff on something simple isn't this neat" stand.
4	We went there to try the Duck Fat Fries.  Unfortunately they're not on the Menu any more.  The Hot Dogs were GREAT and the Regular Fries were still better than most other places can offer.
5	As a vegetarian, it is not easy to just stop and eat anywhere. I spend my life eating protein bars and things like that for lunch. I was out with a coworker and we stopped here and lo and behold, this place offers veggie dogs. I got a New York dog with mustard, onions ans Srirachi sauce, The diner itself is also a little retro, so it is a nice atmosphere,
2	Ok, folks. You might think that I am not 'Merican, but I have never been sold on the culinary possibility behind a hot dog. Franktuary certainly did not change my mind.I decided to give the ole oscar meyer another go. The place is reminiscent of something where people would come up to your jalopy in roller skates (Oh no! they kidnapped Chet, what are we gonna do?-Frank and Joe Hardy)The selections looked intriguing, and anytime I see kimchi, its a done deal. The dogs themselves were delicious and meaty. The toppings were not overflowing, as they should be on a hot dog...because, well, it is a hot dog. My major complain is the bun. Whether its a burger or a dog, if you are trying to serve gourmet everyday food, you need to provide an AWESOME BUN!!!!!!!1 These were run of the mill buns that got soggy. Jesus, toast them or something. I am sure the minds  that are behind creative culinary hot dogs can think of something better to do in lieu of generic soggy buns.The fries were good, and you  would pay about the same thing as Wendy's or something of that nature, so thats a plus. Cliff Notes Version: "Meh"
2	I have had my share of pleasant hot dog experiences.  Dirty Franks Hot Dog Palace (Columbus, OH), Jack's Cosmic Dogs (Mount Pleasant, SC), a tour of the Vienna Beef factory in Chicago immediately followed by nom noming on some dogs--- if you want a great dog try one of these places.If you want a disappointing, soggy bun that will fall apart as soon as you pick up your dog, which is too long for the bun and not accompanied by enough toppings, then stop by Station Street.  'Maybe I ordered the wrong dog?' I thought, as I picked up my much anticipated Hawaiian dog, only to find that before even biting into it the dog and half my toppings had fallen through the what was once bun but was now two pieces of soggy bread.  But then I looked at my boyfriend's Kimchi dog and saw that it, too, would soon meet the same fate.  The hot dog itself was tasty, and the toppings would have been good if there were any way to keep them on my dog once it was out of the bun.  But there is nothing worse than trying to eat a soggy bun.  I tried to finish my hot dog but ended up opting to fill up on the fries, which were quite tasty.  Based on all the positive reviews I am guessing not everyone's hot dogs were such a disappointment.  May give this place another try (see if it can be a BYOB- bring your own bun?) but for now will stick to the plethora of burger joints for my backyard bbq fix.
5	It's a hot dog, it's a taco, it's a-MAZING- that's what it sincerely is. Having recently moved here from Philly I was pretty ready to not like this place, ready for it to not be as good as the fancy hot dog joints in my home town, but SS didn't let that happen. You know why? I'm going to call it flavor diversity. Sure they've got your traditional chili, and chicago style dogs, but then they take to it to a new level of joy and flavor explosion with combinations you've never thought of feature brillant things like cheese curds instead of gross cheese whiz. The result is simply delightful. Every time I go in.My favorites:The banh miThe Hawaiian The po BoyAll of them? yup.TACOS! so they just started with tacos and boy oh boy are ya'll in for a treat. I tried the trout- you should too! I really wanted the duck confit, but everyone orders the duck confit- anyway the trout has such a unique flavor palate that I really think you should get off the internet and go try it like right now. deal? I might do the same.Anyway, I'm a huge fan. I love it here. I come in once a week or so, and I will continue to do so because I love it. Sure the prices aren't what you pay at a Stop N go or whatever your gas stations are out here, but I assure you these hot dogs are not some crap you can pick up anywhere- the quality of the ingredients from the all beef dog, up through the uniquely combined toppings are worth it.Also- Poutine!!! *many hearts*
5	Alright, this place is criminally underrated. Honestly, this is my favorite of all three of the Sousa ventures in town. And if you weren't 100% thrilled with it the first time around, you need to go back and try the tacos.Yes, they have tacos now! I was just cruising by for a hot dog but when I saw the new $5 taco menu, I couldn't resist ordering the maple brisket with fried egg, potato, and radishes. It was sooo worth it. Sorry Smoke and Yo Rita, but Station Street just might have the best nouveau tacos in town. And PS: The dogs are still awesome. Get the Tamale Dog before it's gone!! Who woulda thought to put apples, fried masa cubes, and mole on a hot dog? The so-so fries are a moot point to me now that there are tacos to be had...I'm just not a fry person.Much like Union Pig & Chicken, Station Street has definitely gotten better and better. Beer soon?? Oh, even though it might seem weird to BYOB to a fast food joint, apparently they encourage it, which is kind of awesome? Okay, I've come around. I love you, Station Street.
4	A great place to grab some good food if you have the money. Not your average hotdog shop as their menu tailors more towards those of park burgess and union pig and grill.I got a chili dog, beef brisket, and a poutine. If you don't want to pay and wait for a waiter in order to get poutine this is the place. It was amazing. The hot dog had a lot if flavor and the taco was exotic. If I could have a taco with just carne asada that would have driven it home for me.
5	I've tried every hot dog on the menu and loved every one, but how many times a year can you eat hot dogs? And then! OMG!!! They started serving TACOS!I loved Chef Kevin Sousa's approach to tacos at Yo Rita! so figured I'd give SS a try. Once again Sousa has made the best tacos in PGH using the best ingredients and toppings. I am in love again with SS and want more and more.Plus they're only $5!!!!!Win!Sidenote: Can't mention tacos without mentioning how good Smoke in Homestead is as well... sorry to post on another restaurants review, but just feel I had to throw that out there.
2	The first thing you notice is the spartan-clean atmosphere as you walk in (and the hipster-y dressed types that are always lingering.)Hot dogs are good but not as good as Dormont Dogs.  Fries were good but very salty.Poutine = ok / meh but too salty .  I love those whirly-bird propeller-like ceiling fans.  Prices are very high for the location, what you get and the long wait times .I realize Kevin Sousa is banking on his name and other eateries but ...
4	I kept passing up the chance to try Station Street because I was never in the mood for an adventurous hot dog, but now that they've added some tacos, I allowed my curiosity to get the best of me...and I'm glad that I did!I'm already looking forward to going back to explore some of the other options, but in my first visit I opted for the duck confit taco, brisket taco, and the hawaii dog. We also tried the fries. The fries weren't anything spectacular, but the two tacos were excellent! The only thing that I enjoyed at Union Pig & Chicken was the brisket, and the fact that you can get a healthy serving of that delicious brisket on a taco for such a good price alone is worth the visit.The duck confit taco was also delicious, and I would definitely recommend.My only complaint was the hot dog. While the flavors were excellent, the sweet soy and pineapple made the bun entirely too soggy. By the time I started eating the hot dog, the bottom of the bun looked like I just dipped my hot dog in water at a Nathan's hot dog eating contest. Fortunately, the flavors were good enough for me to power through the nastiness of a soggy hot dog bun. Next time, I'll be sure to eat the hot dog prior to the tacos.Overall, I had a good experience at Station Street. The only downside was how the cook reacted to my wife's strange request for a duck confit taco...without the duck. I'm not sure why he was so reluctant to make it happen, but he eventually caved and made the taco. The meal was smooth sailing after that. Looking forward to the next visit! Enjoy!
4	I was very excited to try this place and the hot dogs were amazing.  My favorite is definitely the Bahn Mi dog. As other people have noted the buns do get soggy quick so I don't suggest carry out.  The place is clean and to me the price is pretty good for what you get.  The only thing that seemed a little off to me was that the two guys actually making the food never broke what seemed to be permanent and very studied scowls. The hot dog game is serious business I suppose. Or maybe scowling  is supposed to accent the minimalist aesthetic of the joint? Whatever, it was a little off putting.
4	Very creative spin on hot dogs and very tasty. I had the duck fat fries and they were delicious - though they did taste a little burnt. The Bahn mi dog has the perfect blend of ingredients.
1	I ordered grill cheese sandwiches and tomato soup for my kids, aged 4 and 8.  The cheese sandwiches had "non-kid" cheeses in them like blue ch, etc.  And, the tomato soup was spicier than most salsas.  While that's ok for adults, I was clearly buying these foods for my kids and the cashier either didn't know what the food tasted like or didn't care.  When I expressed some dissatisfaction, I was told from an employee speaking from the kitchen that they had listed the cheeses on the menu chalk board, and gave no apology for the spicy soup.  Thanks.  Also, my hot dog was very average.  I have gotten better hotdogs from packages at Trader Joes... if you're going to start up a hot dog joint, I suggest you cater to families better.  And, I suggest that you use a better quality dog, like regional/local grass fed.  For $25 I could have done a lot better.  The fries were good though.
5	I never knew this place was here until seeing it on my way to the post office.  Didn't try it until months later.I tried the chili cheese dog, the banh mi dog, and house fries.The chili cheese dog was great.  I love the fresh chunks of cheese.  The brisket chili was so good.  It is a messy one so grab some napkins.  This is a definite must try again for me.I didn't really care for the Banh Mi Dog but being Vietnamese I had to try it since it was obviously inspired by the Vietnamese Banh Mi.  It was good but could be better.  They should have used pickled carrots and picked daikon if they wanted to stay true to the banh mi spirit.  But it was good and I would have it again.The house fries were decent but I didn't think they were great.  They definitely gave me a generous portion and I barely put a dent into it.  The fries were dark brown so I am assuming they either double fry it or fry it for a while.  Either way, they were decent  but nothing amazing.They have additional stuff on the menu that isn't on their website.   Can't really tell you what they are.  I've never heard of the stuff they had listed.I like the atmosphere.  It has a retro feel.  Asides from a few tables, their seating primarily consists of bar top/stool lined around their kitchen and against the window.  They got some pretty good music playing on the speaker.Overall, I like it and will give them another shot.
3	I had high hopes for this place knowing it was Kevin Sousa's project.  The restaurant is a little off the beaten track and the space is huge.In addition to hot dogs, they also serve a variety of unusual tacos (in the style of Yo Rita) and ramen as well - kind of an oddly varied menu.  The duck confit taco was excellent.  I also tried a portion of fries which as previously mentioned were way too large for one person.  It's nice to have options besides hot dogs to mix it up but overall perhaps it's better to focus on doing one thing right.
4	This is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh.  I would give it 5 stars but I have 2 issues.  The hot dog and the bun.  They finish the dogs on a flat top so they can get a little greasy.  Also the bun just kinda sucks. It falls apart pretty easily. Personally they could do better with a different bun vendor.As for the toppings, they are fantastic. I always do the Bahn Mi and lately have been adding the devil dog.  Honestly, I have had all of the dogs on the menu and they are great, but once again to attain perfection they need to pay attention to the basics. The dog and the bun.
4	Delicious!We went to Station Street a week or so ago, while we were buying some things for the house at Target. I had heard about the place from several friends, and despite the fact that we haven't yet been able to make it to Salt of the Earth, felt that we would like to try Chef Sousa's craft. It did not disappoint.I liked the totally retro feel to the place, evident from the minute you pull into the place - it looks like one of those old-school fast food joints from the 50's, with lots of window space, and a large central kitchen. We tried the Banh-mi dog and the chili-cheese dog to have a traditional dog and creative dog between the two of us - both were delicious. The nice thing is, they actually remembered that they opened a HOT DOG place, and start everything off with great HOT DOGS! Lots of newer restaurants that try a spin on an old favorite fall flat on their faces because they can't get the basics right. Not so here; they nail both the dog and the bun, at least as far as we were concerned. The toppings were great, and I must admit, the bang-mi dog was better than I had expected. Their poutine was great too, although the gravy was a tad too salty for us. The curds they used were great, though!It won't be too long before we go back, hopefully to try the sweetbread dog and a few of the other interesting items, like the Korean BBQ and Tacos. Lots of great ways to hit a home run here!Only two other minor points of improvement - the seating is a bit sparse for such a large place - It's nice to sit and gaze out the window, but the setup might make it hard for larger groups to get comfortable. (they do have a table for a group of 8 or so over on the far end of the restaurant...) Pricing - our meal came out to $25 dollars for 2 cokes, 2 dogs, and one order of poutine. That's pretty salty (had-har-har) for a hot-dog place... Neverthelesss, we'll be back!
5	So I went back to dry the chili dog again.  Still good.  This time I also tried the beef brisket taco and the pork shoulder taco.Both tacos had generous meat.  They use a flour tortilla.  So it is like a soft taco.  The beef brisket taco was good but I didn't like the cheese they used.  The pork shoulder was also good and I found it to be tastier. I don't know if they customize orders but I would love the beef brisket with the pork shoulder's toppings. I also like the fact that I get a regular size cup for water and not some dinky little thing.Overall, I like it and coming back.
3	I ordered the chili/cheese hot dog, fries, & a drinkThe chili on the hot dog was good and there was plenty of it. the cheese (as explained on the menu) is cheese balls (?) it looked good and i ate one with the chili/hot dog, but i just felt like if i ate the other 3-4 i would have a heart attack right there in east libb. the fries were good and it's different that they use duckfat.overall, It was good... but i doubt i'll be a regular.
4	Devil dog (egg salad, Tabasco) is worthy of a return trip, as is Chili Cheese Dog.  Duck Fat Fries are perfect as well.  If they only sold beer...
4	Yo! Check it out!Tacos have been added to the menu.  A tofu, veggie, brisket, fried squid, shrimp, pork shoulder and a few more.  Station Street has a variety of tacos with interesting toppings that create some interesting blending of flavors.  These aren't your homemade tacos, if that is what you are looking for.The tacos are a little more expensive but worth the price for what you get.  The Shrimp taco has some pineapple onion and a homemade sauce.  The brisket meat was nice with a little smoke flavor and scallions and other toppings  Both were very good.
5	Just great.  I'm not trying to hate on Franktuary, but this place sort of blows it out of the water.  I find myself craving hot dogs, just because I know this place is a short drive away.  I got the devil dog the first time I was there.  I mean, I saw egg salad and was sold.  My boyfriend and I split the Poutine.  It wasn't as good as other Poutine I've had in the past, but overall it was tasty.  I'd like to go back and try every option they have.  I mean, with some of their off-the-wall combos, I'm totally intrigued.  During my last visit, I realized they have tacos.  I must have been so excited about the hot dogs I overlooked the tacos!Over the next few months, I'm positive I'll end up being a regular.
5	so good!!! went there yesterday with my friend. he got the chili dog..his favorite, and i got a duck confit taco. wow, was that taco amazing! the flavors were incredible, and for $5 it was pretty nice portion of food. i am amazed at the stuff kevin sousa does. big fan of his. last time i was there i tried the fries. so crispy and fresh. i have not tried the poutine yet, but the cheese curds on the chili dog are awesome, so i'm going to go ahead and say the poutine is probably also awesome. yay! :-)
3	I've been here twice and tried out a number of the dogs.  I think at best, it's a novelty act.  None of the dogs I would really crave for, or desire to make the effort to drive here to eat.  The Hawaii Dog (Pineapple Salsa, Bacon, Sweet Soy, Mint), the Banh Mi Dog (Pork Liver, Pickled Cucumber, Pickled Red Onion, Jalapeno, Sweet Chili, Cilantro), and the Kim Chi dog (Kimchi, Kewpie Mayo, Nori, Bonito) are some of the choices.  The Banh Mi is definitely the most distinct option.  Is $6-7 too much for a dog?  If this place was located on South Highland, or Forbes Ave, I would have no doubt that I would walk by and grab a dog or two a few times a month.  But, short of being next door at Target, I can't see myself coming back.  There are only two outdoor tables, and indoor seating is all barstools, with little decor or ambiance.  And when we pulled up, there was some hard metal mix blaring through the speakers.  I've got my System of a Down, Tool, and Perfect Circle CDs loaded onto my playlists - but it's probably not the best marketing move if you're hoping to bring in families.Someone told me that they actually preferred my homemade Venezualan dogs.  Hebrew National, shredded cabbage, diced yellow onion, smashed potato chips, ketchup, deli mustard, and mayo, on a potatoe bun.  BAM!  You'll never go back to a regular dog again.
5	It's unofficially summer.  When you can go get a fresh grilled hot dog and sit outside to eat while getting a sunburn, it's definitely unofficially summer.  And what better place to do it at than Station Street?It's got that old feel mixed with new flavor.  It definitely can tickle anyone's fancy.  The menu...it's simple: choose your dog, choose your fry, choose your drink and slide on down the line.  Service is super fast with courteous staff that are polite beyond belief.  From time of order until the time my order was ready, I barely had enough time to slide my straw into my drink, and that was during lunchtime, with cars pulling in one after another.The food, oh the food, how I could have probably downed several of their variations on hot dogs.  But with summer here, I need to realize baggy clothes are out.  I stayed with just my one dog and some hand cut fries and was full when I left here.  Of course I opted for a chili cheese dog, who wouldn't?  But this isn't your run of the mill chili cheese dog.  The chili is made from brisket, and the cheese, it's not from a can, it's big huge cheese curd chunks.  I think they should invent some jumbo hot dog buns here, the dog sticks out on both ends of the bun which let's you know you are going to be full here.  And the fries, crunchy and salty.  Fried to the point that they almost remind you of potato chips.  I keep kicking myself, I should have got the poutine, but that just warrants me another visit to the fine establishment.  I love the outdoor seating area.  Music is pumped outside so you don't hear the cars, buses or trains as loudly as you would.  The view needs a little work, but I'm not going to fault them for that.  It's not very often you get that close to the church from Dogma (you can see the shingles falling off the roof).Like the staff said as we were leaving, "Thanks, hope to see you guys again soon!" Oh, you will, most definitely.
4	Update: Sadly, the duck fat fries are no more. However, they have added a lot of new menu options, such as a reuben sandwich, tacos, and poutine. The hot dogs are still your best bet, however; I found the poutine overly salty. They've also replaced the 1970's-era outside sign with a new sign; the sign on the inside is still there. Still definitely worth a lunchtime trip or if you just enjoy hot dogs (and if you don't, why not?).
4	This place is very Pittsburgh...I love it! I've tried the following menu items here:Banh mi hot dogI ordered this because it's sort of a 'must try' item on the menu, but didn't really expect to like it or dislike it. I don't know if it really left a huge impression, but overall I did like it. When I bit into a pork liver piece, I did have an instant 'omg what is this? omg could it be? ugh!' reaction because my mom has made pork liver countless times at home and I've never liked them, but I actually liked it here. This hot dog has a really interesting blend of sweet and spicy on top of all different texture from pork liver, cilantro, pepper, cucumber, etc. I think I came here really looking for that feel-good-food effect, so because this item is so untraditional in terms of 'American hot dogs' it didn't really hit the spot for me. I will say that it's definitely worth trying!Chili cheese hot dogDefinitely hit the spot!! There were these unmelted cheese chunks I didn't really like, but overall it was so filling and so good!PoutineI actually only know what poutines are because in one of the Bachelor episodes one of the girls ordered it during a hometown visit...lol. I think her town had some French Canadian influence?? Anyways, this was waaaaay too salty for my preference...Would definitely come back again!
5	For my first trip I just tried 2 tacos. I'm gluten free, so one day I will try some of their bun-less hot dogs. They offer their tacos with either a wheat or corn tortilla. I tried the pork shoulder with kimchi and the beef brisket. The pork shoulder was OK, the meat was a little tough, and overall could have used more seasoning. The beef brisket taco was amazing!! The meat was very tender and fatty and just melted away when I chewed it.  I also ordered $3 fries, make sure you have someone to share those with. It's a giant order, and the fries are fresh cut and crispy. They offer condiments like sriacha, mustard, ketchup, etc. on the counter. It was casual, quick, and reasonably priced and a great alternative to a fast food joint. I will definitely visit again when I'm in the East Liberty area.
4	Unassuming location/decor, straightforward, solid hot dogs (and tacos and random specials).  I had the hot dog with the pineapple relish, bacon, and sweet soy.  I would definitely order it again.  I also ordered the chili dog.  I was disappointed in the chili.  Not spicy enough for my taste.  I did appreciate the cheese curds, but thought the dog would've been made better if they had been deep fried.  The best part of Station Street Hot Dogs is the dogs themselves.
5	Dear Eye-Rolling-Frustrated-Grille-Cook:The (veggie) hotdogs are good. The tacos are good. The fries are killer.But your Falafel is AMAZING! Though it is visibly clear that you hate making them, any time the gracious cashier girl fires them out to you; however, if you didn't make them so damned delicious, and rolled them so wonderfully tight, we wouldn't be so tempted to piss you off every time my boyfriend and I come in.But alas - you are mighty good at what you do, even if you hate doing it. Love, Caitlin
5	They are not just making you food they are creating a masterpiece.
4	I have a problem with Station Street Dogs. I can't stop ordering the salmon poke, that's my problem. I keep meaning to have a hot dog, and people I'm with say the hot dogs (especially the Devil Dog) are great, but I see the salmon poke on the menu, and it's no contest. It's one of the top ten things I've eaten in Pittsburgh, and I bet I could eat it every day for months without getting tired of it. Frankly, it's tempting to try, but sooner or later, I'll have to try a hot dog or a taco before I go back on the all-poke diet.
4	My brother took me here a few months ago and I fell in love with the tacos! I crave the squid taco. And surprisingly the chicken liver taco is quite tasty.The poke is good too. They recently added falafel to the menu and I can't wait to try it.  Also the staff is friendly and helpful.
5	one word awesome.
4	I've always had delicious food here. I love the dogs, but let's be honest I keep coming back for the tacos! My favorites are the pork, brisket, and duck. Although today I had the chicken and it was quite tasty. I always think I will get a little bit more adventurous but I stick to what I know I like the best. The staff is friendly and the food is served in a timely manor, but the quality is always great. Random: I really like the outdoor speakers and music choices. It's simply fun to eat here!
5	Best burger I have every had in my life. I've been going to this place off and on for the past year or so and its always been decent. I feel like they have really hit their stride lately as everything seems to have gotten better and better.  Prices are a little steep compared to what many people are use to paying in hotdogs and hamburgers but you are paying for quality. I'd much rather pay a couple extra bucks for such a improved level of ingredients compared to other similar restaurants. Their new hamburger is absolutely insane. The bun is light and fluffy, almost like a sturdy croissant. The meat is cooked to perfection, cheese gooey and toppings crisp. I'm also a huge sucker for excellent customers service and this place has the most polite servers I've encountered in a while. Check it out if you haven't and go back if you haven't been there in a while.
5	This place is great.   The menu is always changing, and I've never been disappointed.  The dogs, fries, tacos, sandwiches... everything is top-notch!
4	Try the Devil Dog. It's to die for. Potato chips, egg salad, Tabasco, scallions-need I say more? Also, the fries are out of this world. I try to avoid this place as much as possible because I tend to try to avoid things such as hotdogs and French fries, but it is pretty irresistible. The hotdogs are made fresh and are all-natural, so that makes them almost healthy, right?You can out of here for about $15 for two. That's pretty fantastic. They also have a Vegan option. So all you vegans out there, go have a hotdog!
3	I want to like this place more. It has a very charming atmosphere inside, and I like how it is pretty laid back.However, I find the prices kind of extraordinarily high for what you get. There is a sort of similar place back down in Austin called Frank that was much cheaper for similar varieties of dogs. Frank also had better veggie dogs.Hopefully the prices adjust for the kind of food that they're serving, or the quality/portions come up. I also wasn't the biggest fan of the tacos, but then this boy just moved from Texas so perhaps you should find a less critical critic.
4	My husband and I went there today. I had the Hawaiian dog, the mix of savory and sweet was perfect. So good!! My husband had the chili cheese dog. Delicious also! I liked the cut up hot dogs in the chili. The poutine was SO good! Never had it before - will have it again. Disappointed the website wasn't updated to the actual menu. Tried to order the cubano, only to be told it's not been there for months...Food was great and we will be back!I want to try the tacos and falafel.Yum!
4	First impression of poutine...... good hangover food pretty yum.Had the new york dog pretty yummy good quality meat in the dog. Menu is fairly simple with a few perks some pork liver sausage thing. Kimchi fried rice etc. Prices are very reasonable I believe. Again great hangover friendly food.
3	This place serves up a good dog and many many other things. I had the brisket taco and it was also good. I will come back and get more dogs in the future--and try other things, I just wish it were cheaper---like $2.50 dog and $2.50 tacos--that would keep me coming back! The place is huge, but when I went it was mostly empty as many pittsburgh establishments are. I think if the prices were lower, and that fact were advertised or known, it could be packed since it is really close to bakery square and target etc. in general, in order for this city to have a true food revolution, prices need to be cheaper so that everyone can participate, especially when you have a potentially high traffic spot like this place does.
2	This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in pittsburgh. Just the thought of coming here to eat would change my day. Lately I have noticed the are misrepresenting what they are selling. I've had the brisket chili cheese dog about 60 times. The last month or two I have had station street six times. I have been let down each time. The food is poorly made and brisket chili doesn't have brisket anymore. How can you say it's brisket chili without the brisket. The cheese curds in the dog/ in the poutine was cold. It should be soft and creamy. In all this place has gone down hill.
1	Disappointment. I have a feeling someone bought this place and is slowly trying to convert it into an asian restaurant :-( Which is sad. We have so few great hot dog places left.  Everyone jumping on the Bah Mi bandwagon. Those rolls are hard as a rock. Hot dogs were cold, shriveled and over priced. Even the cashier was lackluster. Skip this place. Hopefully I can find other great places.
5	To say that I was stunned when I bit into my first gravy drenched cheese filled french fry would be an understatement.  I was eating the French Canadian national food, poutine.  The gravy was "ham gravy"! Old my God!!!  From there I moved on to the kimchi dog which was equally, stunningly good.  I guess I'm just going to have to join the chorus of very happy people who've discovered Station Street dogs and love it. The location itself is a bit unusual, hidden from traffic behind Penn Avenue. The actual building is not the most appealing, it looks like some sort of abandoned ice cream shop. But appearances aside, it is one yummy place. I highly recommend.
4	I decided to come here for lunch instead of going to my beloved Chipotle. I had the Banh Mi Dog, which was very delicious. However. . .The actual hot dog looked nothing like the photos I've seen from other reviewers. Photo after photo shows plump dogs hanging off their buns. My hot dog was scrawny, short and looked like a generic Value Time hot dog from Giant Eagle. What's up with that and having to pay $7 for it?Despite the hot dog setback, I would definitely return to Station Street to try out their poutine. I didn't get any at my first visit but other customers had them and they looked and smelled awesome!
5	The few times that I've been here, I ordered the Devil dog and fries! The dogs are delicious with that initial pop and juicy bite, and fries are cooked fresh--not too greasy or salty! The environment is clean, great music and always ample seating! Someone made gobs (whoopie pies) that were on sale so we bought a few for dessert! This place is always a good choice to eat some dogs n fries, but I need to try their new dinner beef tacos soon! :)))
2	I was definitely not impressed with this place, but was excited to try it out because I like hotdogs. I got the chili cheese dog thinking that as a classic hotdog, it would probably be pretty good. I was disappointed to say the least, especially for what I paid for my meal. There were too many onions on top and overall it just kind of tasted soggy all around. It would have been better if the hotdog snapped when you bit into it and if the bun was toasted/not so soggy. The bun was falling apart. Some bites were good and others were not so good. The fries were okay--they were a bit lukewarm and pretty bland. The place is sticky/dirty inside and I felt like some of the staff just kept staring at the patrons. If I venture back to this place I would probably try a taco instead.
4	This place is super cool. Pros: delicious food, friendly staff, good vibe, correct-sized portions. Cons: a tad pricey, but you can eat a good meal for about $12. If I'm in the area and I'm hungry for lunch, this is usually my first choice. Grab a bite here and then head to Target for the ultimate weekend experience.
1	This was my second trip to Station Street. The first visit, about a year earlier, I had a wonderful falafel sandwich. My husband had a requisite dog which was quite good. After passing by many times, we recently went for a second go round. It was early and empty. After loving the falafel, I ordered it again. My husband ordered a hot dog with chili and cheese. We sat at the bar by the cooking area. Big mistake. From there, the lack of cleanliness was obvious and did not bode well for the rest of the meal. The staff was deep frying my falafel while dancing and using the serving bowl near her mouth to whisper to a  co-worker. Yikes, I should have left right there. But I stayed for the queasy, unsatisfactory meal. Stale wrap, overcooked and mushy falafel, the chile on the dog looked more like salsa (pale and flavorless). We were able to eat a portion and then put the rest in the trash. A waste of $16.00. That will teach us not to go the extra couple miles to D's Six Packs & Dogs.
2	Yuck, yuck and double yuck ... Ok I have to admit right up front that I am not a fan of raw eggs ... And I'm a vegetarian ... So a review of a hot dog place is a little weird ... But so is attempting bibimbap ... And so is a bill that adds up to $62 with no drinks. Ok, so I've had bibimbap at other places and it was the obvious choice for a vege guy in a hot dog place. To be fair the menu did say that there would be a poached egg on top ... But as I understand the heat of the rice is supposed to cook the egg ... Not so ... Totally raw ... I was successfully eating around it until my wife broke the surface tension and it ran all over the place. If the egg had been the only issue I might have added a couple more stars ... But there was so much salt that I couldn't taste any thing else. Those in our party who partook in the animals seemed to like it but they didn't pay the bill. Summary : stick with hot dogs if you think that it's worth the money. Peace.
4	We finally found a Saturday afternoon to try this place out. We've been by it several times and wanted to stop, as we've heard good things about this place. They have a very eclectic selection of hot dogs and tacos. Hot dogs can be made with corn tortilla or bunless if you are eating gluten free or just want something different. I had the Chili Cheese dog bunless and the House dog with a corn tortilla.The Chili was very good and spicy if a little light in meat. The House dog (mustard, relish, pickles, onions, no sriracha sauce, and no ketchup because it doesn't go on hot dogs) was basic but good. Both of the hot dogs were cooked just right, with the right amount of snap to them. The fries are very good: fresh cut and fried nice and crisp with the right amount of salt.The interior is basically what you would expect from a hot dog place circa 1940 or 1950. It could be a little cleaner but I guess that adds to the old-school diner feel. The service is basic: order at the counter and wait for your number. They did bring the food to us which was nice. The people working there were very friendly. The prices seem reasonable for what they offer.Overall I was happy to try this out. May not be an every week place but will look to stop by when I need an eclectic hot dog fix.
4	Pretty extraordinary selection of hot dogs. I did a Hawaii dog and a Chili dog but am going to come back for some of the more unique menu options. The tacos look awesome.
4	I wasn't sure what to expect because I have heard quite a bit about the unique mix of food items at this place.It is certainly odd - a large open center "kitchen" space where you watch workers making your food items to order.  The perimiter has a variety of tables and chairs.  There are also seats at the wrap around counter and a large table that sort of enters the "kitchen" area.  It doesn't end there.  The menu has the hot dogs and fries that you would expect from someplace with hot dog in its name.  But it also has tacos.  And sushi?  and a Korean dish?  Honestly, it was hard to decide.  I came craving hot dogs, but other items looked so interesting that I passed on a hot dog and opted for a tofu and black eyed pea taco on corn tortilla.  I also tried the daily rice balls and poutine.  My husband had a house dog and a chili cheese dog.  He loved both of them.  The poutine was pretty tasty but didn't quite live up to my high poutine standards (I guess I'm a poutine snob from growing up next to Canada).  Our order was taken pretty quickly but it did take a bit for our food.  We arrived at about 12:10 (they had opened at 12) and it looked like they may have just had a opening rush.  Food was delivered right to the spot we had claimed at the counter.  The workers were attentive in asking if we needed anything else but weren't pushy.Overall, a great experience.  A wonderful variety and something so much more than just a hot dog shop.  We will be back so I can actually try the hot dogs.
3	I was not too impressed by this place overall. Maybe my expectations were too high, but either way the food was just okay. I ordered the chili cheese dog and side of fries to share with my friend. The fries were pretty good and came in a larger amount so it is perfect for sharing. The hot dog just did not have the crisp that I wanted and the chili just did not have the flavors I look for in a chili. My friend thought they put too many onions on hers, but I liked it that way. I think I might give this place another try and see how I feel then.
3	It has been awhile since I have been to Station Street so sorry for the lack of detail upfront. The poutine here was my first experience with Poutine and it was pretty good. Now after having it at other establishments since, I can say the Station Street version is just ok. A bit overly salty. The hot dogs were pretty good as far as gourmet hot dogs go. Better than Suzy's dogs and drafts in Youngstown,OH (I do recommend that place if you ever find yourself out that way though) but not as good as Franktuary variety-wise. You order at the counter and ours were brought out to us but I think most of the time you have to pick your order up at the counter. I would come back and try something different next time-I had the hot dog of the day and my +1 had the banh mi dog which he loved.  I loved the old diner decor and it's in close proximity to the zoo (along with East Liberty,Shadyside,etc.) making it a good locale to grab a bite either before or after.
2	I had the Hawaiian hot dog, small fry and small drink. My order came to $10 and some change. I was shocked when I was given the total for my order. It's crazy to be charged $10 for what I ordered. The fries were too salty. The garbage can that I used was filthy. It looked like it hadn't been wiped down in weeks. Disgusting.
4	Loved it! Some friends and I were on the prowl for something delicious, filling, quick, and affordable...Station Street Dogs fit the bill. I had the New York Dog (grainy mustard and sour kraut), fries, and a coke. My bill came to $10.70, which may sound expensive, but what you're getting is not a hot dog from Sheetz. You're getting a big, juicy, snappy hot dog in a toasted bun that is substantial enough to hold up to whatever toppings you may throw on it, perfectly cooked fries that are crispy on the outside, and creamy on the inside, and a fountain coke with a big fat straw, which for some reason makes it taste better. I was completely satisfied after downing that combo.My only criticism of this place is the interior. It's nice and clean, but very dimly lit. Upon pulling up we had a moment of pause as to whether or not they were open. I'd really love it the interior of this place was bright, had some more hot dog centric pop art filling out the blanks walls, and maybe some music playing. I feel like the stark interior and ho-hum atmosphere takes away from the great food.
5	Love this place. Kind of a random gem of Pittsburgh. Their hot dogs and tacos are stellar and creatively prepared.  Great for us vegetarians (replace any meat dog for a veggie dog and they have seitan tacos).
4	Give this place a chance. It's a little off the beaten path but worth a visit.  The veggie dogs are great as are the fries. The prices are a bit more than normal for this type of food though.
4	I came in today to try the poutine, and left with a desire to eat more hotdogs. Darn, that was a good hotdog. Yes, the poutine was a letdown. The fries were excellent, just cripsy enough so that the gravy doesn't get them too soggy. However, there wasn't very much cheese, and the gravy, although homemade, was very bland. I ended up putting tons of ketchup just to get some taste, a strategy which to a Quebecois like me is equivalent to putting mayo on a burger. I was desperate. The bahn mi dog however, was outstanding. The link had an okay snap, but the beef was flavorful and a nice afterbite. Heck, it was tasty even without any topping or bread. The bahn mi toppings were great, and it had just a little kick that helped make it unique. SSHD, please open in DC.
4	Gourmet hot dogs are where it's at. Station Street Hot Dogs takes the crown when it comes to Pittsburgh gourmet hot dogs, and so if you enjoy putting tasty things on other tasty things, this is the place for you. If you don't like hot dogs, or are a vegetarian, they also have tacos. So, really, you don't have a reason to not eat here. Station Street Hot Dogs is open until November 22 with limited hours--11 AM to 2:30 PM. Do yourself a favor and go get a bite.I have a weird habit of saving my favorite Pittsburgh restaurants for review only after I find out that they're closing (see: Embury, Fukuda; or the reviews I never wrote for T-Rav's BBQ Lab). Rick Sebak likes to talk about Things That Aren't There Anymore, and so in true Rick Sebak fashion, hopefully one day we'll be able to reminisce about the wonderful food when we sit in Pittsburgh circles and talk about Stuff That's Gone; in the big list of our favorites, Station Street Hot Dogs is sure to be there.Fantastic hot dogs, crispy fries, delicious tacos (corn or flour tortilla, hon), and awesome rotating menu of rice-balls, mustard-grilled hamburgers, and reubens (just to name a few).The other day I walked in with a friend or two and ordered my final meal--one of each of their gourmet hot dogs, a nice big order of poutine fries, and a Mexican Coca Cola. I call it a Dog Show. Luckily, they're closing, because I never want to look at a hot dog again.
5	So sad to see this place close its doors. This was one of my "go-to" places for me to take my daughter out for a quick afternoon lunch if I happen to get out of the office early. The food was always tasty, and the crew always friendly. I particularly liked the tacos and any/all of the dogs.Best of luck to everyone in your new endeavors. We wish you much success!
5	I had been putting off going here and when I finally got around to it, it turned out they were about to close permanently :(  I'm not sure why they would close a business that was apparently doing so well, and I am sad to see it go.  I think I didn't try it at first because it just looked like a very casual fast food sort of hot dog stand sort of place, but once I went here I realized it was quite gourmet, where you can order things like a bahn mi style hot dog, poutine, tacos, etc.  I had a squid taco and a chili cheese dog and both were amazing and so flavorful.  It was busy when I went on a weekday for lunch so I had to wait for a bit, but it was worth it.  You order at the bar then can seat yourself at the bar or a table.  My only complaint was that it was rather cold and drafty when someone would open a door that let the air in.  I hope they open back up again somewhere else and I am sorry I discovered how awesome this place was too late :(
