5	This 99 cents store is awesome. Great selection of everything, very clean, huge, and not creepy (very important when it comes to dollar stores). Last year I was able to find a huge amount of kitchen supplies for my apartment here which are still in good shape. I think they have the best home selection of any dollar store I have been to. I also found a huge bag of tea lights and other cute candles as well. Score! Not to mention some really cute framed vintage pictures. If you find yourself in the area you should check it out. You'll probably find a ton of things you were needing for way cheaper!
4	A Dollar Store in Paradise Valley? Say it isn't so! How could they have ever let this happen?Although not the largest (see 99 Cent store Tempe, Southern & Rural), this place in clean, not located in Grungeville Central like most of their establishments, and its located right across the street from the PV Mall. Also located at this center are Toys R Us, Pier One, Sportsmart, & other stores you might want to hit up.I like the 99 Cent Stores for my camping goods and needs, party supplies, throw-away shower curtains for paint projects, cheapy tools, and much more. This store just happens to be located next to many other shops I frequent, and that's why I like it!
3	Upon arriving in AZ over a 1yr and half ago....this was one of the first places I visited to get supplies and "must have" items for our new apt. The store is not as large as others I have seen in the valley....and at times it can be very unorganized....but the customer service has always been very good. The store does seem a bit out place since it is in a strip mall with stores like Best Buy, Ulta, Toys R Us, Sprint, Office Depot, etc....but it is just what the Dr. Ordered when you need that hard to find item. I depend greatly on this store when I need a household item for cheap...but remember you get what you pay for. If you keep that premise in mind you will find a great many gems here at the 99 cent store. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	I love the 99 Cents Only Store. I can afford a lot of stuff here.The best time here was when this little boy walks up to me with a citrus toilet bowl cake (like those urinal cake things that hangs on the side of toilet bowls) and asked me what it was. I told him it was for cleaning and he says, "no, candy!" And starts licking the wrapper. I can't make this stuff up.
3	It's an okay store.  They do sell food like dairy, meat, and some veggies.  I wouldn't recommend you to get it because of the quality.  I only come here for simple things like toilet paper, wrapping paper, cards, and batteries.  Even thought this store is near Paradise Valley, it still has a good amount of people shopping here.  Try it out if you are on the budget.
4	This 99 cents store is well kept and clean. You can't never go wrong with 99 cents stores, find things that are inexpensive and very useful for a good price. They have everything from produces, dry food, house and car products and my personal favorite is the awesome selection of candy that they have here. The employees are friendly and willing to help if needed. This particular store is seem to be better than the rest maybe its closer PV thats why. But its always nice to shop here, they got fruits, vegetable, chips, sodas, camping gears, and many many more...worth checking out if never been here...
