5	Jake's is a great little place to have your car worked on. I have gone here a couple times and the BF has gone here a few times, including today, for various car issues. Jake is a good guy who does good auto work. He is very honest and has fair pricing. This guy also really knows what he's doing when it comes to cars. I would recommend him for auto work to anyone.
5	How hard is it to find a mechanic that won't rip you off?! Jake is great! I just moved to the area and my dad recommended Jake for my wife's car's various issues. Jake called to check to make sure that we wanted each step done, and didn't come up with a huge list of unnecessary fixes. The parts he replaced, he saved to show us when we came in to pick up the fixed car. High-quality work at fair prices from an honest expert mechanic. What more could you ask for?Cars Jake has fixed for myself and immediate family: 2001pontiac Grand prix, 1998 dodge caravan, 2011 toyota tacoma, 2006 toyota avalonNo problems or complaints on any of the work done on these cars, thanks again Jake!
5	I have have had my cars serviced at Jakes for over 20 years. I recently took my car in for service and as always, the work was done correctly, at the quoted price, and on time.  I highly recommend them for service to any one and have sent many people there for honest and complete service.
5	BEST MECHANIC IN TOWN!!! I went somewhere else and got a quote that was extremely high for me im a mom of 3 and Jake fixed it for half the price even took the time to show me the parts he took off and how bad they were. I loved how they made you feel like family his wife works in the front desk and was so reassuring i think she sensed my frustration and told me not to worry (they work with with you on cost) if i could give them 10 stars i would. Did i mention they were done in 3 hours and they did alot of work on my car i would of probably had to leave it for days somewhere else. I really recommend this shop to everyone whos looking for an honest mechanic. LOVE THIS PLACE AND MY CAR IS PERFECT.
5	Jake is amazing!!!!!!!! Friendly and trustworthy. Fixed my ac, changed my oil, and changed my spark plugs. He knew what was wrong when other places were giving me the run around!  Fair and reasonable prices. I can't recommend him enough! I'm a customer for life!!!
1	I had my alternator die in 2007 with 75k miles.  At the time I was stranded and the tow truck driver recommended this place.  It took him 3 hours to change the alternator and he charged $385 parts and labor. He said quote " it was buried and hard to get to it".Fast forward my truck has 120k miles and the alternator dies with only 50k on the one he put in. I called tho see if he would warranty it and he said no. I decided to watch a YouTube video to see if I could replace it myself. $134 later and 45 minutes later including drive time to auto zone twice to purchase new parts and return the old core I have new alternator with a lifetime warranty. Actual install time 20 minutes.DO NOT USE THIS PLACE. HE BLATANTLY LIED TO ME.
5	I spoke with Jake after I posted this review and it was my mistake it was not this vehicle. When we first talked I thought it was on my ford ranger but he change my alternator on a different vehicle a Ford Escape which does require removal of the axle please forgive me for posting this review in error.
5	Very happy with the service Jake performed on my car. I went in for basic service check up before I went on a long trip, and he found a few hoses that were dried and cracked. He changed the hoses and only charged me for the once over. Great guy, a place I'd send my mom to get her car serviced!!! Will be back!
1	jakes has threatened me when I said what my experience which was not at all what I paid for I went in for a tune up in my Mercedes and I guess he thought I was rich! he charged me 311.00 and when I went and picked it up there was no old parts in the car nor did he show me them like he had said he did in his attorneys letter I received after putting my experience with him on the internet sayin I would be sued if I didn't take it down. I got scared so I did when I was informed that I have every right to voice my experience with the freedom of speech act I am now putting it back up as his threats have no merit and he just wants to bully people .I went and picked up my car paid him cash got into my car and the light was still on so I said hey the light is still on he then told me to pull it in he opened hood and obviously  unplugged it within seconds and said ok its ready to go I thought hmmm.I drove the car for a few weeks and it wasn't running any better and no gas saving ,so I returned with my friend that was picking me up asked where the old parts where if he put them in my car as that's what she has and she wanted to look at my receipt I told her no old parts where left in my car and he never gave me a receipt when I picked it up she then asked jake if he had my old parts and could she get a copy of the receipt he was less than happy and said he would go look for them was gone a few minutes and said nope he threw them away and as he lied in the letter saying he showed me the old parts he never did then he said he gave me the receipt and I said nio sir you did not he wanted to know why she wanted a copy and she replied because if you cant get it right I want it to show my mechanic so he knows what you have done already he was obviously not happy I picked my car up and he was rude and short ,when I asked him for a copy of the work he did he then threw a copy of the work he has done I said I wont be back that's when he yelled at me get the f--ck off his property he didn't want me back I said that's great service wonder how long you will be in business.I then drove my car another couple of weeks still no better than when I took it in to begin with so I had another mechanic check it and was told no new spark plugs no filter no tune up he did nothing,i went back and asked for a refund telling him I had 2 mechanics that told me no tune up was made on my car and we would go to court he said letrs go to court I said ok and he once again told me to get the fckkk out of his business and then is when he said he put a new motor mount on my car I thought he was lying again never got a receipt for that until I got it in the letter from the attorney I said to him I wanted a tune up and never asked for a motor mount which I was told you never put just one motor mount you always do both as Mercedes only have 2 to begin with and never spoke to jake about any motor mount I didn't even know about motor mounts and I paid for tune up .Then I put up on internet my experience and got a certified letter from his attorney stating I had 3 days to take down my review or be sued and I hadn't talked to an attorney and was scared so i I did. I have now researched my legal rights and have every right to share with the public my expierence from jakes auto body so others don't get the same rip off I did as he lies and steals money wont back his work and is very unprofessional DONT BELIEVE ALL THE GOOD REVEIWS HES HAD TO BULLY THE REAL REVIEWS TO GET THEM REMOVED BUT IM WILLING TO GO TO COURT SO NO ONE ELSE GETS BULLIED AND RIPPED OFF BY JAKE
5	I highly recommend jake as a mechanic, not only is he good at what he does, but he is super friendly, very prompt, and his prices are exceptional. I have been going to jakes auto for several years now and I have never had an issue, he always shows me the parts he has replaced and throughly explains what he has worked on. If you are looking for an honest, reliable, fair priced mechanic then don't hesitate to go to jakes auto. He will treat you with the utmost respect and friendliness. Jake always treats my husband and I like family.
