5	The gentlemen at Brakes Plus have been taking care of my care for a little over 2 years. They were recommended to me by my boyfriend and have been amazing. The prices are very reasonable and the work excellent. I had my oil, brakes, and air filter changed this time and it was done quickly and carefully. Thanks guys!
1	I was recommended to this place by a friend of my family member and although they were nice, I would not recommend this place.  They did a diagnostic on my vehicle (which took them all day because this is not their 'specialty' as they said) and the quote they gave me was extremely expensive.  Due to the high quote I shopped around. When I called them back to ask for what type of part my vehicle needed, they couldn't find my info and asked me to bring my vehicle back in and do it all over again.  I don't know about you but I don't have time to keep going back.
5	I've brought both of my vehicles to this particular location (primarily due to convenience) and found that on both occasions I was treated fairly with regard to price and that the front desk staff were courteous and knowledgeable when asked questions regarding repairs, symptoms, etc.What had been a random visit because of location soon turned me into a loyal patron. Thank you for your honesty and quality service.
5	They do more than just brakes, hence the "plus" in the name of the place. My mom had to bring her car in because she ran over an errant truck tire on I-17 bumping the underside of her SUV and she wanted to make sure that nothing got all screwed up because of the bang. It turns out the power steering pump was damaged and was leaking. She had the pump replaced, and while they were at it she had them replace the struts and shocks, and she had something else done too, but I honestly don't remember what. Since she was having multiple services performed, an all day affair, the store manager played shuttle driver, gave my mother and I a ride to her house then picked us back up again to pick up the vehicle when it was ready later that afternoon. Tip is a pretty cool guy.We got great customer service here. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I note that they were also honest. I was looking out for my mother, but I didn't have to look too hard to see that they weren't taking her for a ride (except for the shuttle home and back).
1	I wish I could give this place a better review, because the people were quite nice, but after my experience I just can't justify it. Started off because my brakes were extremely hard, so took it in, and was told I needed a new power booster. One of the service managers was nice enough to take me home and pick me back up, and $540 later, I was on my way. However, when driving the next day, I noticed a terrible thud sound that my car has never made before. Called Brakes Plus immediately and was told to come in at 9am the next morning. They did not find a cause all that day, and it was not until the NEXT AFTERNOON that they called and said that they had caused an oil leak with their previous work, but they were not sure that that was the cause of the thud, and if it wasn't they didn't know what it was. However they assured me that they would fix the oil leak they caused free of charge. The only caveat was that it would be two more days before the part came in, and they could fix their mistake.Now forward to two days later, and it will not be ready for one more day! For those of you counting, that is FIVE DAYS that I have not had my car, for a mistake that Brakes Plus made!! Not only is this completely unacceptable, but they have also not offered a discount on my service for the inconvenience, or a rental car. Due to this experience I would not recommend this Brakes Plus to anyone.
4	I came here for an alignment.  My sales guy at  Discount Tire was pretty adamant that I needed one so he gave me a coupon for $10 off at Brakes Plus.  I had great service from beginning to end.  I think the person who helped me out was named Tip and he was so nice.  He told me from the get-go what was going to happen to my car.  He told me up front that they didn't have any openings until 10am (I got there at 8am) so I had options to choose from.  Got a call about 15 minutes after he told me it was going to be ready but I think that's reasonable.  Biggest tip is get an appointment.  I tried to get one the night before but couldn't for some reason so I thought going there first thing in the morning would get me in, but I was wrong.  I should have called in the morning and would've saved some time.  So yeah, make an appointment!
