2	Seeing so many Portuguese rotisserie chicken places all over the city, we picked this spot near the Mt Royal metro stop to try for a quick dinner. I was almost going to go for their pork specialty dish until further inquiry led to me staring at little pig heads. No pig heads tonight, just chicken please. The chicken platter was filling, coming as with every other dish served in Montreal, a mountain of fries (and some salad). Meh, it was okay. Not very flavorful, kinda needed the chili oil slathered on for some Portuguese-ness. Service not very friendly, meh.
3	Stopped at this place by the Mont Royal metro stop because we were hungry and tired.  The chicken tasted like it had been lying under the heat lamp for hours, but the fries were hot and fresh.  The plate was big enough to split with two people, but the chicken was just not good.  It wasn't flavorful, a little dry, and just unimpressive.  Plenty of better places like this in Montreal; go to one of those instead.
2	In a neighborhood full of Piri Piri restaurants, this one really does not rise to the top of the list. The food is okay at best. Don't get me wrong, it's not horrible. But I would never recommend it! Now that being said, if you're dying for chicken and you're not close to saint laurent or Rachel Street, this might be your best option, because 100 meters away is St-hubert, home of premature chickens.
2	We stopped here after wandering around aimlessly, trying to find another restaurant. The girlfriend grew up in Australia, so Piri Piri Chicken is something of a homecoming (Nandos?) for her. We popped in just to ease the hunger pains of walking around all day.Well, it's a cheap rotisserrie chicken joint. I'm giving it 2 stars, because, well, it was just not that great. They loaded up the plate with overcooked fries, salad drenched in who knows what (it was just wet and sour...) and the chicken was WAY bland. No spice. No sauce. No Nothing. Just bland.
5	I just had to leave a review after seeing the low ratings it has as it stands. We wandered in because it was the most promising option in the area at around noon today. We went for the chicken and chorizo sandwiches. We also added the fries and salad for $2.99 to one of the sandwiches. Both sandwiches were quite tasty and generous in size. The fries and salad were good as well. Two hungry people - and we had leftovers. Total price was less than $20 and there is water and sauces you can help yourself to. It was a pleasant place to eat, good for people watching and comfortable. The highlight were the 2 ladies who served us. They made sure we understood the French menu and were happy to explain the options to us. Very pleasant and lovely! I wish I lived in Montreal so I can go here again and again. Another couple in the restaurant ordered what looked to be a chicken dish in a large serving plate with some beans and rice. I would like to go back and give that a try, it looked amazing.
5	I'm a huge fan of Piri Piri. It's your standard rotisserie, and you get a ton of great fries. It's a nice clean environment and the staff is very friendly. Their hot sauce is hotter than some of the other rotisserie locations in le Plateau, so for me that puts it over the edge over the competition.  The chicken and ribs are very flavorful so go there hungry.
1	This is a place owned by former (disgruntled) employees of Romados.Unfortunately the chicken is not as good as Romados (but even Romados is crap now).It was dry, definitely from the day before, and when she made the fries fresh, they weren't even cooked properly (read: raw). YUCK.No Sumol Laranja to buy (absolutely unthinkable in a Portuguese restaurant), and frankly, I will not be coming back to eat here.Maybe it's better in the summer with more customers, but damn did it ever suck.
5	Great piri piri restaurant!!! Amazing fries, great freshly cooked chicken and a sauce which is just unbelievable! Can't agree with negative review and it actually resembles a person which is upset about the boys leaving the so called Ramados!
5	I found this restaurant late at night, and it was really awesome. The chicken was amazing, but the potato balls with rice and sweet sauce were the best things I ate in Montreal.
4	I went to Piri Piri on Mont-Royal yesterday since I was in the neighborhood. I usually go to the one on Masson for my Portuguese chicken cravings! The chicken was nice and saucy, and the potato balls were just as grand as the ones on Piri Piri Masson. I heard people saying it wasn't as good but I was positively surprised! It turns out that Piri Piri Masson bought out the one on Plateau and that's why the food is just as finger licking good!
3	Another off-chute of Romados, this place has decent food and good portions, but is usually super long wait... benefit of drawback of the location I guess. Any who, you can't go wrong with the quarter chicken platter. And if you go half chicken, I like your style and we should hang out sometime. Oh, their sandwiches are also pretty shmangin'.
2	The chicken is chewy. The pork is dry. The poutine is horrible.Why go here is I can go to Ramado's....?? Nope.. no thanks.
4	Nice chiken, nice rice. Very convinient location and reasonable price. The frites with peper are also good
