4	Ate here two nights in a row as I was staying at the hotel with a business group.  While a little understaffed service was friendly and beyond efficient.  The menu was enjoyed by all and I can whole hartedly recommend.  Ask for the bar menu to have even more choices.
2	A large national group to which I belong recently stayed at the Radisson where this restaurant resides.   I personally stayed at the hotel for three nights.   During the first evening, a group of 6-8 of us decided to dine in this restaurant.   There were parts of our overall dining experience that were quite good--the bruschetta (as it was unusual--in a good way--from the typical that is normally served).   Most people at our table enjoyed there meals.   I am not one to really complain and really try to look at the bright side of all situations.  This dining experience, for me, was entirely different.   My dining experience was one-star at best.  I gave two stars to be fair to the establishment and the wait person as others did enjoy most of their meals.   Regarding my starter--I think I've had milk that was thicker in consistency than the watered-down, no taste, butternut squash soup.   For my main course, I ordered a cobb salad as it was late and I didn't want a terribly heavy meal. I waited....waited....and waited some more to the point where everyone had not only finished their main courses, but were embarrassed that I didn't have mine.  Clearly, the wait person did not place the order for this salad.  The story we heard was that the hard boiled egg on the "first" salad they prepared for me was overdone.   The salad that did arrive had a hard boiled egg that was absolutely runny--as if I was eating a sunnyside-up egg at breakfast.   I can tell you that it's the first time I've ever seen that served on a cobb salad.  To make a longer story short, there wasn't an apology nor any offer to make the situation right by the customer.  Instead, I received my bill and paid the full price.  I am thinking that I will never go back.
3	Food was good but not great, service was what is expected.  I had hopes for something more spectacular for the price but overall not bad.
3	Place was empty on a Thursday night.  Wait staff was very friendly, attentive, but not terribly polished.  Cocktails were good.  We shared an entree salad (chopped chicken) and beef filet dinner.  Filet came with so-so risotto.  We were glad we ordered a side of the hablano  risotto which was the star of the evening.  Will be looking else where for dinner for the rest of the weekend.
3	The Ahnala Mesquite Room is a small but very nice restaurant located at the Radisson Fort McDowell Resort. The restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner including a variety of southwest inspired dishes. During our stay at the hotel we ate at the Ahnala for dinner and breakfast. The ambiance at the restaurant was great with subdued and interesting lighting and modern furnishings and decorations with a southwest twist. They even have a small fireplace. With only a few busy tables at dinner the restaurant was a little noisy, so it may not be good for a quiet dinner or for much conversation, but it was still a pleasant setting for dinner. The restaurant also features a full bar with some great mixed drink options including speciality drinks the Ponderosa and The Yucca. For dinner I ordered the pork chop with rice and beans and chips and salsa to start. When I ordered the waitress asked me how I wanted my pork cooked which I thought was really unusual. She explained that with their cut of pork you could ordered it cooked like you would have a steak cooked. So I asked for medium well. None to surprising when my pork chop showed up I cut into it and it looked gross. The whole inside was uncooked and that is NOT my kind of pork chop. I asked the waitress to send it back and they returned it better cooked. Later on I asked the manager about their pork and got the same weird answer about their cut of pork. Perhaps I am just uneducated but that was really strange. From my experiencing grilling pork chops its either cooked or its not. You can't cook pork like you can steak, it doesn't work. Oh well. In the end the pork chop was decent, not outstanding but good enough with a nice flavor. The rice and beans were a lousy side dish though and had little if any flavor. Overall dinner was pretty good, not great, but not bad either. The prices were a little expensive though, my chop with rice and beans was $24. So value wise I don't feel like I got much for my money.The next day we ate breakfast at Ahnala and had a pretty good meal. I ordered my usual: two eggs over easy with potatoes, bacon, and toast. The eggs were fine, not very warm but good tasting nonetheless. The cubed potato hashbrowns were nothing special and had very little flavor. The bacon was kind of oily. The toast was a good sour dough bread and they had some good jams and marmalade. For two breakfast was over $30 and close to $40 with tip which I'm not sure was worth it. Again I don't know if they deliver the kind of value I expect given the prices charged...Overall the Ahnala Mesquite Room has a lot going for it but their prices are expensive and their food doesn't warrant the cost in my opinion. GIven the lack of options around the Radisson I think they are a decent choice for a meal, but not a great choice unfortunately. If I stayed here again I would probably take the time to drive into town and find a better restaurant.
5	Sean is an AMAZING server, and Charlie is one of the best chefs I've ever had the privilege to experience. Try his RARE filet... oh, and if you don't partake in a slice of the Ahnala Pie then you honestly haven't lived.
1	We decided to eat here only because all the places at the casino had a two hour wait. We got seated quickly and our waitress took our order and mentioned that she will very much keep our water filled. Never seem her again and had to beg for water. Got our corn bread and soup which was really good but waited 45 mins for our salads. The couple next to us got their meal in 15 mins.  Our Salads were drenched in salad dressing and tasted horrible. We ate only a 1/4 of our meal because we were very hungry otherwise we would have sent them back and we didn't want to wait another 45 mins. For $10 salad it sure was gross. The wait staff was running around like they were short staffed. There was probably only less the twenty people. Very unorganized mess watching them hussle about with oversized heavy dishes with small food items on each.  It took two people to carry entries out for a table of two.
3	This restaurant was a pleasant surprise.  I was staying in the hotel next door for about a week.  Ahnala was my de facto kitchen for most of my meals that week.I really liked the service.  Sean was my waiter several times.  The staff seemed to get to know me and my quirks, and they always treated me very well.  I substituted broccolini for risotto many times just because I shouldn't be eating so many carbs.  It seemed like many of their dishes had some kind of risotto.  I just had to substitute some vegetable for the risotto.  They never gave me a problem with it.  In fact, Sean even said that my "way" looked better than the way the dishes were supposed to come out.Anyway, I had great service.  I had better food than I expected.  I had some really nice salads, some really nice scallops, and some really nice steaks.  Breakfast wasn't bad either.  I just usually needed breakfast earlier than they were serving.  So, I got in my rental car and took care of that on my own.
1	My husband and I decided to eat at tha Ahnala, since we were staying right next door at the Radisson resort. We ordered the New York steak & it was legit. Disregarding the fact that I ordered my steak medium well & instead I got it well done. Our waiter was nice, good attitude. When we received the bill I tipped the waiter a pretty decent amount. The next day (today) I checked my bank account online as a normal routine finding out that the tip I gave was doubled without my consent!!!! I contacted the restaurant immediately!!!! The manager Amy answered the phone. I explained to Amy my concern and all I got from her was an attitude. She was very unprofessional and disrespectful. I had to escalate the issue to a higher management, since Amy (the manager") was unhelpful and unwilling to assist with the issue. Still the issue is unresolved and I'm suppose to get a call back tomorrow. We shall see how this turns out. Never again will I dine here!!! These people are fraudulent and rude. And if you do dine here then I advise you to use cash because they will do some fraudulent stuff without your consent. If I could give them no stars, I would!
2	Highly disappointed!!I have been at this restaurant a few times now for a sit down dinner and more, each time was because my work was checking out the venue to hold our annual conference at the resort, which we ended up doing.The very first time we ate here, the place was empty, granted, we were a party of about 8 or 9 people, but considering we were the only 8 or 9 people, the service should not have taken as long as it did, and been as unfriendly as it was.The second time I was here, was again with co-workers, we had finished discussing the details of our conference with the resort staff. Again, we were greeted with unfriendly service, and it took forever to order and get our food with a fairly empty restaurant.The third time was when we were actually setting up for our conference and decided to get dinner here after a long day of setup. This time we were greeted with a very unfriendly hostess, who couldn't even force out a smirk, after standing around for a while. Then once we sat down, we waited longer for someone to even come around and say hello or take a drink order. This time we decided to just walk out.Due to these interactions with this restaurant, and similar with other coworkers. My company decided to ask the restaurant to provide our conference guest with breakfast buffets as to not have to deal with their wait staff and service.The reason I did give them 2 stars however, is because they did do a great job with the breakfast buffet, from my experience anyways.
1	The food was not good.  I mentioned that to the manager and he became rude, very rude.  I wouldn't let my dog eat there.  Sorry, but I can't tell how rude that guy was.  Good luck if you eat there.  My bill was a healthy 300 dollars.
