2	I hate to do this because I always try to support small businesses when they are just starting up. But I simply cannot recommend this place. I came in  with a friend fairly excited expecting a California burrito with fries and the like, but that wasn't even on the menu. Instead we got bland and not particularly authentic Mexican food. PROS:  The beans were the only part of the items I tasted that actually tasted very good to me. The meat all seemed to be very high quality. The shredded chicken was good but a little under-seasoned.The inside was nice enough and the staff was kind. CONS: YELLOW AND WHITE SHREDDED CHEESE MIX that tasted like it was from Walgreens. I'm sorry but for me quality mexican food uses chihuahua cheese, queso fresco, or if they absolutely have to, high quality Monterey jack. The supermarket cheese blend was liberally thrown allover everything  in a misguided attempt to plate the food. On the nachos the cheese wasn't even melted. For the flauta, the fillings inside were cold, which was awkward because the tortilla was fried and piping hot. The quesadilla was were the cheese really disappointed me, when I paid  nearly $4 for a cheese only quesadilla I expect some good quality melty mexican cheese and lots of it. Instead we received something that would cost a dollar to make in a dorm-room or any place that has a microwave. OK: The guacamole is ok. It's without question very fresh, but I don't think its house-made. The chips were standard.
3	Looks like a good spot to chow down after the bar :) Hours listed til 3am, but staff said they're only open til midnite...Good size portions (esp the flautas!), friendly staff, decent prices. I had the carne asada fries, overall pretty good, though on the down side the fries seemed a little undercooked, and the steak was ok but not great.
5	I used to live in San Diego and I'd eat carne asada burritos a few times a week.  Out here in the Midwest, I can't get them.  So I was thrilled when I came across this place during a recent trip to Madison.  I got a carne asada burrito and it was great!  It reminded me of being back in SD.  If I lived in Madison, I'd go there all the time.  If you can find another carne asada burrito in the area, I bet it won't be as good as here!
4	I moved here from So Cal 4 years ago. Since I've been here this is the closest I've had to one of my favorite places from back home. This is also the first place I've been to in Wisconsin that not only knows what a proper skirt steak is, but how to make it. Also what they make is an avocado sauce, not guacamole.  Also the best I've had in Wisconsin. The service was great, the people were extremely nice and the food came out timely. I also spoke with the owner for a bit which was nice. He explained how he actually flew to Cali to research before they place opened. It's awesome to hear the passion in his story. There is only one con though. The only reason I didn't give it five stars has to do with the portions. Back in So Cal if you spend as much on a burrito you get something twice as big. I'm sure if the portions get a slight face lift then they would have the poor college kids flocking. At 7 or 8 bucks, you should have a burrito big enough to take some home.As soon as I get downtown again, I'll be back for sure.
1	I've never really had buyer's remorse for something as simple & inexpensive as a burrito...until today.  Shelled out $9+ for their Badger burrito. The meat was cooked decently which is the only good thing about it (and the burrito was substantial.) the mix of beef, rice, guac & pico made for a weird flavor with some random sweet/smokey undertones that were horrible. This burrito had fries in it but they seemed almost raw, looking white. Cheese?  Hardly. The soupy mess made the tortilla break and by half way thru I couldn't stand the flavor anymore and I quit. First time I've ever quit on a burrito. For $9 I learned it's possible to hate a burrito, I have gooey brown liquid on my shirt & I donated at least a half pound of food to a landfill.With all those bad tastes I'll never go back as one of those will cross into whatever I eat.
2	I'm always excited about a new Mexican or burrito joint in town. I welcome the addition of GSB. My first impression is that it's a clean, friendly addition to the Madison burrito sweepstakes. The service and venue are great; the food, barely OK.I ordered the chicken burrito and it was well-assembled with pico and chicken, minus the bean and rice fillers that most of us can do without and that I, in fact, usually omit when going to Chipotle or Qdoba or other burrito joints. The veggies and salsa were great -- they seemed fresh and had a nice kick. The chicken, however, tasted heavily salty and didn't appear to be the quality cuts of white meat that I would hope for. It reminded me less of Chipotle and more of Taco Bell. My suggestion for more stars would be to upgrade the chicken, but since GSB is a chain, this might be difficult to do. Don't try to hide lower-quality meat by salting. This might fool the 2:30 a.m. bar-time crowd, but not many others. While I'm not ruling out trying them again, I will pass on anything containing chicken.
2	I needed to grab a quick bite to eat after a long bike ride with my daughter, so I decided to finally try Get Some Burritos.  Hoping to get a light, healthy lunch, GSB seemed like the right choice, since their website proclaims they were founded on the principles of high quality food with the distinct flavor unique to the San Diego region.  Unfortunately, the high quality food tenant was lost in translation somewhere between the West Coast and Madison.  Instead of California dreaming, I found myself in a Taco Bell-esque nightmare of greasy ground beef, pre-shredded orange and white cheese and mounds of iceberg lettuce.  I ordered two tacos for $4.69, one chicken, and one beef.  My daughter eschews meat, so she opted for the cheese quesadilla.  I dug into the chicken taco first and it wasn't too bad.  The freshly made corn tortilla shell provided the requisite crunch, though the bottom of the taco was already soggy.  While lacking any heat, the shredded white meat chicken filling was moist and satisfying.The beef taco was an unmitigated disaster.  I was expecting shredded beef, based on the on-line menu description of shredded taco.  I guess the shredded referred to the pile of shredded iceberg lettuce, because I got greasy, overcooked ground beef.  On the other hand, maybe the term shredded referred to the bland, dry, pre-shredded orange and white cheese.  Also missing from my meal was any of the traditional cilantro or onion garnishes associated with Mexican cuisine.  The shell disintegrated after one bite, leaving me picking the remains of the taco out of the puddle of grease that had accumulated at the bottom of my to-go container.  So much for my expectations of healthy California cuisine.The cheese quesadilla also suffered from poor execution, with semi-melted cheese and a soggy tortilla with absolutely no crunch.  It had the texture of bubble gum and no cilantro or salsa to add any zip.  I suspect that instead of being heated on a hot griddle, it was warmed in a microwave.  The person taking my order was pleasant.  I scored a free bottle of water by mentioning the word of the day that I pulled from their Facebook page.  However, when I asked for the wi-fi password, things fell apart.  None of the employees knew the password and when someone called the manager to find out; I was told there was no free wi-fi for guests.  When I showed them I was picking up a GSB Guest network on my phone, I was told the restaurant was under new management.  Welcome to Bizzarro World.    While I appreciate the concept of California-style tacos and burritos, Get Some Burritos failed to deliver on that promise with poor execution and low quality ingredients.
2	It's open late, which is great, but it's neither locally owned nor very high quality.
1	Started getting a stomach ache before I got halfway into my burrito. And the taste wasn't worth it. And the salsa wasn't spicy. And the place was freezing. Don't recommend at all.
