5	Great Value. My tires are old and almost worn out. One steel belt broke, so I went here to buy a used tire just to get me by for awhile (I don't drive my truck often, and thinking of selling it). I got a 31x10.5x15 truck tire for $40 (balanced and installed). The tire had a fair amount of tread on it. Great Service. The worker dipped the inflated tire in water to check for leaks, and did a great job balancing. Another worker checked the pressure of my other 3 tires.Cons: 1) They charge $2 for using a credit card. I guess they get a lot of cash buyers and don't want to pass credit-card fees on to them. It seems fair.2) It's primarily spanish-speaking workers. A couple of the guys spoke English (plus the cashier lady in the small booth). The two doing the work didn't.I liked them. Very diligent and fair.
5	If your car is worth less than $3-4k, there is no reason to put $600-700 worth of new tires on it. With that said, find a good used tire shop that is trustworthy, which is what Bob's is. For $80 I got two tires for my SUV and the owner Genaro took me back into the tire corral and let me choose the two I wanted.After driving it for 2 days I noticed it was pulling a little, and went back and this time let Genaro do his magic and he put on a different set = problem solved. This is where the trustworthy-ness really showed, didn't expect that type of service but Genaro knew what it would take to make a customer for life, and will be going back when I need to replace my rear tires.One note, a little bit of a language barrier, but if you have a problem with that you should probably should go pay $600 for tires and vote for Sheriff Joe.
5	I just can't imagine spending $750 for a set of new tires right now on my SUV when I can get them used with good tread, and at only $40 a tire, balanced and mounted! These guys were fast and the service was excellent and friendly. I recommend them highly.
5	After surviving the donut tire life style for about a week while researching the best deal for 4 new tires, I decided to try a used tire for a while until my frugal self could find that deal.  These guys were very kind, friendly and were ready to work on my car as soon as I pulled in.  They gave me a great price for my tire and I was pleased with the quality.  No upselling, hidden charges etc.  It's a good honest company from what I understand and have seen.  The guy told me they get their tires from a resource in California by bulk.  Thumbs up.
5	Very professional, and honest. Nice shop, will be my regular check shop.
5	In and out in 20 minutes or less. Came in on a Sunday afternoon.
5	Awesome. I showed up 15 minutes to close. No problem. I was prepared to buy a new tire. The staff immediately told me that wouldn't be necessary because mine could probably just be fixed. 15 minutes and 12$ later,  they have a customer for life. Also checked and aired all my other tires and no labor fee.
5	Very very fast and cheap!I drove up with my spare on, showed them the flat tire and they immediately took off the spare, grabbed a new tire, put it on, and I was ready to go in less than 10 minutes. The tire only cost me $35 (+$2 for credit card) and included all of the labor.
5	SO satisfied! I drove in slow and when I got out of my car one of the employees could already tell which tire it was. I was there for a total of 10 minutes if that. They found the tire, checked for air leaks by dunking it in water. Check the air pressure in my other tires and I was on my way!I had used their website days earlier and was emailed in a very short amount of  time with the price quote. It was the exact same amount when I payed which was surprising. Very impressed. They had all types and the prices were good. A tire and labor on my 2006 kia was $30. Great if you're in a pinch like I was  or if the care just is not worth putting new wheels on.
1	Overpriced. 35 for a used tire when you can buy a new one for 70?  No warranty either.
