5	wow - ever since the opened around 6 months ago, I've been a fan. I visit sometimes every day (at times, twice a day), but generally 3 times/wk.Love their pre-prepared foods: fresh, great ingredients, ready to eat.Lunch-to-go - wow - yummyBakery items such as bread and cakes are goodSome pretty ok wines (I prefer the higher end, but stock up on the others for those who visit and implore MORE of what I just gave them).Beer: Torino - I don't drink/like beer but tried this and it is good! (i would compare it to corona). Half the price, btw !!!Overall, interesting, fun, yummy, food, many hormone free, organic items, and deli items, as well as "AJ" type things (humus, dips, salsa, ect), for WAY less.I'm happy :-)
4	I heart Fresh and Easy! Which by the way I like to call Fresh and Sleazy...simply beacuse it rhymes and makes me giggle.  This place is great if you are buying food for just yourself or you and one other.  They package their stuff in small amounts like sandwich meat, cheese, nuts, etc.  Also, some of their premade foods like the veggie eggrolls are sooo good. P.S. If you go around 9pm they discount alot of the items.  I can get out of there with all my groceries and spend 30 some bucks.
2	4.5 stars...wtf?  puff puff give mofos... am I the only one that thinks this place totally sucks or what?  I know its lame, but I was actually excited to stop by and check this place out.  Anyways, about half way through the store, it hit me.  This shithole is nothing more then a glorified walmart.  Full of second rate food and faux-good prices.  Seriously folks, even with the shitty 'economy' this place sucks.  spend the extra 5 mins and go down the st to trader joes (shea/tatum).  better prices and way way better wareznow back to the puff puff thing...
2	Easy maybe but not fresh. This place reminds me of a gas/convenience store without the gas services part.  Most of the produce is packaged in plastic and found  much of it to be brown and old or on the verge of getting there . Why would they put tomatoes and other soft fleshed fruits and veggies in unbreathable plastic?  Try putting a plastic bag over your head and see how fresh you become after awhile.Other misses:- tasteless prepared entrees.  even the premade soups aren't good.- meats and seafood are limited and look kinda iffy- an overabundance of the "f&e" brand vs. other brand offerings- organic  selection is practically nonexistentAlso, have visited the Frank LLoyd Wright location and had similar experiences. Ok as a business concept but with horrible execution they may want to make some changes.
4	Now i have been reading some of the reviews and i have had nothing but pleasant experiences at this location. There are some fresh & easy locations with freshness issues and packaging issues, but i have not experienced that at this location. It has plenty of parking despite the fact it is located in a strip mall...and it is also fairly easy to get in and out of the store despite the fact that is at the corner of Shea Blvd and Scottsdale Rd. The prices are about the same for the specials and other general food items but if your in the neighborhood this is a great fresh and easy to visit.
3	Ehhh...The prices in Fresh and Easy arent good.The employees in this one are friendly, and sometimes too friendly. I understand though, they got stuff to do. They get bored - then they want to start talking. Thats fine with me, but lets not try and hold a conversation here when I'm trying to grab some tampons and hit the road. They were tasting some good stuff the last time I went. Garlic Bread, yeah that was the good stuff. One of the 'friendly' employees pushing this tasting menu on me was trying to get me and a group of other people to eat salmon pasta at about 11AM. A little early for that. Lets double up on the Garlic Bread instead.  Usually Fresh & Sleazy has a good aisle where they sell cheap stuff, it didn't stand out to me. Is it there?
5	Great specials, they keep bringing out newer, healthier prepared food options.  Half price bread lasts about a week after I buy it.   The girl doing the sampling really wants people to try and like what they are sampling.  Very friendly staff.  There are items that TJs and Walmart don't have so I shop all 3 as needed but F and E is a twice a week place for me to go in quick, grab fresh salad food and fruit and get out.  I spend as much time driving around and parking at Walmart (101 and Raintree) as I do in F and E.
3	When Fresh & Easy started popping up everywhere, it was my new favorite go to place for quick and easy meals.  They have a great selection of ready made entrees and salads that beat going through the drive through. The fact that there were always excellent coupons to be received could have been a big factor in why I returned so often. Key word, WERE, I think they have lightened up on their coupon circulation!The problem started when I began to do my actual grocery shopping here.  They have great prices on a limited, but satisfactory, amount of grocery items.  Its the produce and veggies that are troublesome.  I find that they start to go bad after 2 or 3 days, which isn't very convenient or money saving when it means I am throwing half of what I buy away.  I am very conscious of expiration dates on items, and have even found myself throwing away items prior to their expiration.   So, unless your planning on cooking with your fresh items that day, I would avoid the produce and even some dairy and meat items. So what I am saying is, frozen, dry or canned stuff...I am pretty sure your safe with.This location in particular has also been my least favorite to visit as far as friendly staff.  I usually have to bag my own groceries....yeah, I know, self checkout keeps the prices down, however, when you have 2 or 3 staff members just hanging out by the registers with little or no people in line, it wouldn't hurt for someone to jump on bagging groceries...its a little customer service that may save someone from not returning!
3	Pros: Tasty & convenient. Perfect for daily shopping & I love the clearance section. They also have done fancy imported stuff at good prices. I personally have no use for a $3 can of Spotted Dick but if I did, it's a lot cheaper than World Market Imports.Cons: The fresh fruit is rarely ripe though and the retail prices are a bit high on some of the "fresh" microwave dinners (for $4 for a teriyaki chicken bowl I could go to Samurai Sam's & have it made fresh.) Also, the sodium content is ridiculously high in a lot of them. How do you even fit 1600mg of salt into a turkey sandwich?Overall: Definitely easy. Not so fresh.
4	It's hard to beat the value of their pre-prepared meals -- they have such a large selection of them, and at very reasonable prices. I also like the concept of a quick little grocery store vs a mega-size super store / food mall. The limited selection at F&E is more than I need and their small portions of veggies and fruit are also much appreciated.
4	Great Store. Perfect for the Scottsdalite that doesn't want to be bothered with actually having to interact with other human beings at a cash register. Everything is automated. I would have given this place five stars but the automated checkout system is not manufactured by Apple so its totally ghetto. Also, plenty of healthy choices are available for those of us who haven't had a carb in over 2 years. I am addicted to their store brand Brie. In all seriousness, try their broccoli cheese soup. Fantastic. And there is a great pet store in this shopping center to check out if your in the neighborhood and want to buy your little pal a new toy.
4	Dropped by this store to pick up some Yogurt, Veggies, and other random stuff.  It's a typical Fresh & Easy setup, which I like.  The employees are friendly....as a matter of fact, that's how I learned that we killed Osama Bin Laden....as I was checking out, the girl at the register said "Hey did you know we just killed Bin Laden?"......after I told her "no", she gave me the scoop.They say you'll remember where you were and what you were doing when major world events happen......I'll always remember Fresh and Easy for that.  LOLReturn Factor - 80%
3	I choose Fresh & Easy when I want a fresh meal for a single meal, typically lunch or dinner. I don't typically do my grocery shopping at Fresh & Easy but if I'm on a break of heading home from work and want a meal, I know I can always rely on Fresh & Easy. They have plenty of individually wrapped food options ranging from heat & serve items to sandwiches and sides. I do think that sometimes the food can be a bit overpriced for the amount I'm purchasing. I also think that for being a store called "Fresh & Easy," they should have more calorie-friendly items. I find myself doing a decent amount of package turning to look at the calories and then placing it back on the shelf when I realize that it's way higher than I anticipated. They also don't have many baked chip options. This is one of those stores where the name can deceive you into thinking everything is healthy, but it's important to read the packaging. All-in-all, I'm a fan of Fresh & Easy and I'm always happy when one's around. I just wish they had one closer to where I live.
4	I like to come to this store to just pick up a few items that I'm either missing from my fridge or if I want a bottle of wine. They have a brand of wine for $2.99  Usually I also end up picking up a fresh salad to bring to lunch at work or something else pre-packaged to keep on hand. This is a great place to come as a working person because you can really just get in and out in a hurry and not have the experience of a crowded grocery store with long lines and walking forever to try to find a couple things. I love the convenience of Fresh and Easy, but it could never be my full-time grocery store because I can get really good deals at Frys with their credit card, fuel points and specials combined with coupons doubled to a dollar. I will only go to Fry's once each week though, so I swing by Fresh and Easy for everything in between!
4	Make sure to register your Friends card online to maximize savings!
4	I like Fresh and Easy in general....  But I really like this one since it is right beside my house!  They have great pre-made food for a quick on the go meal or pre-packaged items to make an easy dinner for a family.  The prices are reasonable, but there are great deals if you have their weekly coupon (sign up for their weekly email!) or if you get the discounted food that they are trying to get off the shelves late at night. They also have a sweeet-tah wine and beer section with decent prices.  I also enjoy that when I go to look for something, for example paper towels, there are like 4 choices instead of 4 million that I would find at Walmart (seriously, people, who needs THAT many choices?!).  I like just that they keep it to just the basics, which, in turn, makes my shopping headache free, simpler, and quicker.  No long lines, nice staff, easy to understand products/labeling, fresh veggies, and it is easy to get in and out.  I'll keep shopping there! (as long as they continue to let me in.... jk).
4	I am a huge fan of Fresh & Easy. I come from a city where there is a lot of variety and convenient places to get food. I find Scottsdale as a whole to be a very bland market, dominated by chains.But F&E stands out. It's not the biggest store, nor does it have a million different items in a crazy variety.It does have good prices for easy to prepare food. some are good and some are not to my taste. But many stores have foods with these faults.I do love their clearance section one of the employees, Carl introduced me to it. On my first visit in the store he walked me through and gave me the full run down. A sweet, sweet man that seems to be very genuine.It's sad to hear that the chain may suffer a closure. I will hope that it doesn't happen anytime soon!
4	Good tasty meals already prepared! That's perfect for a non-chef like me. I think their selection of other goods are more limited and pricey. But if you don't mind buying Fresh and easy brand, it's definitely a good deal. I picked out a nice bottle of wine for dinner, as well. Wish there was one closer to me!
3	Okay store, everything is packed for you fresh daily so you can grab it and go.  But I feel the prices are a bit high for something as simple as this.
5	I like this place, I like the friendly helpful staff and their check outs. Prices are reasonable for the most part, good selection of dairy free alternatives, cheaper produce then our local grocery shops. Never bought anything that I haven't been happy with.
5	If you go in for the clearance section, you may be disappointed as the items are now discounted in their family of foods. So now you actually have to go shopping around the store like a normal person
5	LOVE THIS PLACE ! Always open always nicely assisted  Pre-prepared food is good, and the clearance shelves are awesome ! Surprising selection of beer and wine, I didn't expect so much for such a small store , and that goes for most of their products. Fruit and veggies always super fresh and less $ than others in the area. My go to for a quick and easy shopping day
