4	It took one visit for Cafe Mitz to become a lunchtime staple in my office.  It's pretty straightforward:  Good Japanese food made quickly and for not a lot of dough.  Their bentos are perfect for lunch: an entree selection (such as chicken teriyaki, salmon teriyaki, beef sukiyaki, chicken katsu), edamame, salad, rice, California roll and (randomly) potato salad ranging from $5.00 to $6.50.  It's not the most delicious Japanese food you'll ever get, but for the cost you definitely are getting more than your money's worth.They have a shaved ice machine which proves to be amazing in the summer, and they also offer a selection of Mochi as well as Boba tea.  They have a good selection of sushi and a decent vegetarian menu.  There's something here for everyone.
4	I agree with all the other reviews...Nothing too special going on here...the true sushi rolls looked expensive and since there is no sushi bar I was a little wary of trying the sushi ($8 for a spicy tuna roll in a cheap joint where you can't see the fish?)...So I went for a chicken katsu bento, and for $6.25 it was absolutely great.
4	Bento boxes always make things taste better.  Nothing was superb, but it was nice, and nicely presented.  Prices are reasonable, and I saw several other menu items I'd like to try (udon noodle soup once the weather gets colder, a mango/coconut shake, some of the other bento boxes).
2	Cafe Mitz gathers a strong Asian crowd and a strong college crowd. They're located across Maryland from UNLV, next to the laundromat. I think its Japanese-owned and -operated. There's always a genial middle-aged man working the counter when I go in. I don't know about back of the house. The menu is Japanese fast food kind of. They do bento boxes, sushi, and bowls (don). The prices are decent, for the amount of food you get. Like the Salmon Teriyaki bento ($7) I got last week had a small salmon chunk, a generous serving of rice, three small California roll pieces, edamame, seaweed salad, and a small garden salad. I also got a piping hot green tea for $1, which is refillable if you dine in. And I got a teriyaki kushi dango (skewered mochi) for $3. It was obviously outsourced and there were three skewers in the package. The location is pretty convenient. The ambiance is okay. Its like you're in a fast food restaurant. In Japan. Everything is clean and organized. I don't know, there's not much to say here. You get what you pay for. The fare isn't such that you need to go out of your way to check this place out. But its good between classes. There, I said it.
4	Good food and great service. They're always so nice and courteous at this place. I haven't really tried any of the sushi but i'm sure its not extraordinary or anything. The main this this place has going for itself are its bento boxes, curries, ramens, and other dishes. The prices are great and if you have a UNLV ID you get a free drink with your order.
3	Being a UNLV student, I am always looking for a quick bite to eat between classes. I first came to Cafe Mitz with a friend from class and thought that the salmon teriyaki bento I got was a little lack luster, but for the price you can't really complain too much. I came here a second time because I had a major craving for nabeyaki udon, which they had, but the $9 price tag deterred me from getting it. Instead I settled on the tempura udon. The broth was savory and sweet, which I like (I can see it being a little too sweet for some), the noodles were chewy and for $6.75, it was a pretty good meal. All in all, I will definitely come here again (possibly with the BF) - for the udon.
4	Closed, soon to be replaced by "Teriyaki Time".  We shall see.
2	This rating is for Teriyaki Time, which is located in the same space Cafe Mitz occupied.  If this is the best teriyaki in Vegas, Vegas has a problem.  My bento combo wasn't great, but it wasn't awful, either.  It was just kind of meh-uninspired.  The offerings have a more Korean focus now.
3	3.5 stars. But, I read that the mitz is no more?! Well when it was more, they had some pretty good rolls and at some pretty good prices. It was really close to school and the house that it was too hard to pass up.
