4	You could say that I'm a bikiniholic...I have a drawer FULL of swimsuits that I prefer to think of as outfits.  I feel like I can defend my addiction because of living in Arizona where the pool is vital during the summer months....and by vital I mean you need to physically be in it if you are outside due to the three digit temps.  Like a moth to a flame, I was curious to check out the Beach Bunny store, I had heard alot of buzz about it.  I had perused their website and the cuts of the suits are not only sexy and flattering, but they all have different themes/colors to fit any girl's personality from edgy to trendy to feminine.  One thing to note is that all of the bottoms are more on the skimpy side....if that is an area you are trying to cover, this is not the store for you.  Also, their suits run on the smaller side and range from XS - XL.  One great advantage is that tops and bottoms are sold separately so you can get different sizes to fit your body.Beach Bunny is located right in the heart of Old Town.  The shop is small but the bathing suits are all displayed on torso length hangers so that you can see how the entire suit looks together.   I thought this was a huge plus, some swimsuit stores or sections have the pieces all jammed together on a rack and you can't find the matching top/bottom until you have tangled or knocked off half of the rack.  You pick out the styles that you like and then the sales associates grab the sizes in the back.  They really sell the look and also carry cover ups, towels, flip flops and jewelry.  I have found three suits that I love there so far and I keep going back for more.  This store can sure get you pumped up for your next poolside vacation or girls weekend...these suits look fabulous on and make you feel like a total sex pot.  The price point is definitely on the higher side, but isn't feeling fabulous sans clothing priceless?  I highly recommend checking out this store.  I gave the store 4 out of 5 stars because a couple of the workers there are not on their A-game, but overall this place helps bring sexy back...to a pool near you!
4	Beach Bunny is perfect for glamazon girls who love bringing bling to the beach! A celeb favorite as well as a major staple in the Sport's Illustrated Swimsuit Issue each year, their bikinis, lounge wear, and beach accessories are of impeccable quality and each piece is absolutely darling! I typically shop online for BB, but decided to stop in the boutique on Stetson a few months ago before my Spring Break trip to CA. The associate was such a doll and helped me pick out the cutest bikinis that matched my style, told me about all of the sales & didn't hesitate to order a bottom in my size that they didn't have in the store. I ended up purchasing one of their signature Swarovski crystal braided headbands in tan, and a pair of sparkly Swarovski crystal sandals as well :) In AZ/CA where bikini season is all year long, I hope to stay adorned in Beach Bunny 12 months out of the year! PS. The ladies behind Beach Bunny ended up Tweeting me after my shopping experience wishing me a fun trip & thanking me for stopping in! Love that. Can't wait for the Scottsdale Quarter location to be unveiled!
5	Just bought my first BB suit at the new Scottsdale Quarter location. The store is beautiful and the sales rep was awesome.  She was infinitely patient with me while I tried on at least 10 suits.  I finally picked one and sandals to match . The bikini's are pricey but are worth it when you see how unique they are.  I forget the sales girls name that helped me but she had bright red hair.  Just want to give her a big thank you and commend her on the great customer service I recieved.  I'm already planning my next purchase.  I hope BB is around for a long time!
4	Super cute, lingerie inspired, swimsuits that are super expensive ($200+). That being said, I want to buy every bikini in the store when I when the lotto. Beach Bunny sells their bikinis as separates, so I suppose one could work up to owning a complete swimsuit. In addition to their lacey and blinged out suits, they also sell bedazzled flip flops, unique coverups, a few track suits, and a small selection of miscellaneous clothing items and jewelry. They also have a very cute, but small, selection of bridal swimsuit appeal for those honeymooning in a tropical setting. I'm also in love and desperately want one of their adorable, extra large (the sales lady said seven foot long), ruffle trimmed, terry cloth beach towels. But those will run you out about $60.The dressing room area has a couch for your friends to sit on while you try items in what reminded me of the old style beach tents. The sole sales lady was very nice and added me to their mailing list for sale notifications (the only way I will be able to rationalize shopping here) and I ended up buying an $80 lacey t-shirt for $38 (win!).
2	My girl and I are planning a spontaneous trip to Greece so last night, we stopped into Beach Bunny Swimwear to check-out some of their swim wear.  We'd never been there and probably won't go again.  We were greeted with a loud voice from the back as we walked in and then after a few seconds, the girl behind the counter also told us that they closed in about 8 minutes, in a brisk way... not very customer friendly.  My friend teased back, telling her that she wouldn't like it if one of her employees had said that so the girl proceeded to tell us about a time she'd stayed until midnight for a client... "because ya know, they were spending thousands of dollars" but she didn't even get a raise for it.  I didn't know how to respond.  I was thinking that she must think we couldn't afford to spend thousands and/or that if her boss gave her a bit more positive reinforcement or reward for staying late, she'd be more friendly.  Either way you look at it, it was a weird story to tell.    Plus, I may be a regular salary girl but my girl friend is about to buy an Aston Martin... with her own money. Anyway, the swim wear was cute from the window but not functional when we got up close.  They'd be good for photos, I guess.  Won't see ya there.
5	I love this little store I discovered it as I was leaving town ,at least you can order online very different one of kind items..cool staff..helpful
