4	A sequined jacket, worn by a member of 60s band, The Coasters.Beautiful Scandinavian and Dutch furniture.I full figured knight in shining armor. Seriously. And I'm just talking about the stuff we bought.Kidding. We left with a little purple glass turtle. Don't ask. But I love this place. The only antique/vintage place that day that didn't force me to run out due to mothball, cat urine and sweaty human hair smell. I leisurely strolled the aisles and was pleasantly perusing everything. My favorite. Would have to be the Fisher Price toys. OMG...the parking garage, the suburban house with dormer windows and the barn. Yes, the barn people. The one, when you open the door it makes a MOO sound. Of course after several opening and closings of the door and dozens of MOO's later, I was asked to stop. Sorry. Rickie.
4	I once had a vase shaped like a pair of pants, complete with belt and jeans stitching details. Flowers stuck out of the waist. I'm convinced my husband broke it on purpose. I bought it here. I also scored an original mini-oil painting of an owl in a neat little frame. I think I spent under 12 dollars for both. I spotted some nice vintage tables while I was there, but none were under 100, which wouldn't be bad if I weren't so poor.The guy working there had a friend visiting who had been working on a film with a police chase, so there was a white crown royal with the word "LICE" on it in big capitals, I guess he didn't need the front part any longer. The parking lot is creepy, but they close before dark.
4	Historic District Antique Mall has lots and lots--and lots--of stuff. They've changed it around since the last time we ventured in, and the layout is definitely better. The booths have actually changed some of their stuff around, which is always a plus!!! [I absolutely HATE going into a store where the same old stuff has acquired that protective dust layer from never ever being moved around!]Last time, we bought the coolest 50s lamp complete with matching shade. For those lamp fans out there, the shade is way more than half the value of any lamp--so don't lose, punch a hole or shoot up your shade. Your lamp will thank you.But we've also scored big on other way cool items there too! Like the grooviest British pub gateleg table in quartersawn oak [for those of you who aren't quite into mid-century moderne that is--] and other odds and ends.I give it a thumbs-up! And please don't go out of business!!
4	This is one of the more eclectic antique stores.  For one thing, it's huge, and they have a TON of booths to look at.  I always find the most hilarious stuff in here.  They prices are usually pretty average in terms of antique shopping, although my husband bought From Justin to Kelly for 5 bucks here once.  Yes, that is embarrassing, but my 5 dollar movie purchase wasn't much better, The Recruit.  This is a fantastic place to check out if you aren't quite sure what you are looking for.  You can usually find some Native American stuff, African looking stuff, Southwestern stuff, and of course the old grandma type stuff that we now call antiques.  Definitely a fun store.  If you find yourself at My Florist and need to go somewhere to alleviate the stress that your dining experience just caused, I suggest you walk across the street and kill some time in the antique mall.
3	This place was ok. It was what I was expecting which was a typical thrift store atmosphere with an old smell and some junk. There were a few decent things scattered about, but overall not much to be excited about. The staff was great, they were the best part. But, I was just disappointed by the lack of quality items.
