1	We ordered a bridal bouquet and asked for delivery before 3 pm. We followed up with an email stating we wanted reassurance about hotel delivery. When we checked in we sent another email stating our room number. On the day of the wedding we called around 1 pm and were told  it was on the truck. We called again at 2:30 and were told it was on the truck. They asked what time the wedding was and when told 4 they said we had plenty of time. At 3:50 the flowers were delivered to the wrong room. When the bellhop recovered them we were disappointed to see they sent a wilted bouquet in a VASE. They looked NOTHING like what we ordered. We had to take the ribbon off the vase and tie it around the stems and affix with safety pins. Naturally we were not satisfied with the product. I am asking for a refund.
1	This place if awful. I went in to pick up some carnations for a work thing (just single flowers, not anything fancy) and I wasn't acknowledged for several minutes. Finally I put in my order. Up front they had three people managing orders, a confused and lost driver, several people in the back etc. what pissed me off was I handed the lady my credit card for the purchase and they couldn't run it if someone was on the phone. So I ended up waiting way too long for my credit card to go through. At the same time the manager was talking to somebody who was supposed to have their flowers delivered yesterday. It just seemed like a big mess, very mis managed with poor customer service skills to EVERYBODY that came in their path, not just me. Avoid!!
1	I will never do business with this florist. You shouldn't either. It was such a hassel trying to get what was paid for. Not only was more charged to arrive in the morning, but flowers got there the next day late evening. Ohh and even better the box of chocolate is a bag of candy from trader joes.Horrbile experience
1	i just got flowers this last Thursday they already dead the water was gross and the roses pedals where coming off i told she needs to change them if i didn't  say anything she would have left them there and i was change a 100 dollars for dead roses I would had better luck with grocery flowers never again
