4	Dispatch is wintering in the ground floor of the Nomad Nation building on Van Horne. Great coffee, all organic and direct trade. Worth a visit just for the most unusual experience of having a cappuccino from a truck parked inside an art/design collective's indoor space. You'll love it.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
5	If the mile end voted on its coffee shop, this would be it.  It's a food truck with ultra-friendly barristas parked in a arty garage off the beaten path.  Definitely something to show off to tourist visitors.
5	Quite conveniently the Dispatch truck has been parked on McGill's lower campus all week.  Everyday I've passed by and thought about stopping, and today I finally took the plunge!  Am I ever glad I did!  I was in the mood for something iced, and when the friendly barista described the Vietnamese Coffee, I was sold!  Imagine ice cream meets coffee, but not just any coffee and ice cream, really tasty delicious coffee, and really rich ice cream, with some nice icy bits to mix things up.  I'm not normally a fan of going out for coffee, as I can make quite nice coffee at home, but for the convenience factor and the fact that a Vietnamese coffee is not something I would make, I will keep my eyes peeled for the Dispatch truck around town.
5	I rarely drink coffee unless it's great. Dispatch serves great coffee. They also have yummy hibicus iced tea and super tasty hot chocolate with marshmellows. (When we went, the muffins were sold out, but the chocolate chip cookies looked really delicious.) The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and the prices are superb. (I live in Venice, CA where great coffee is $5.) If you are lucky enough to see Dispatch Cafe Mobile, go and order anything on the menu. You will  be glad you did. This is gourmet coffee. Seriously. Oh, the only thing I would suggest is to expand their menu and offer a signature drink. Their Vietnamese iced coffee could be their signature drink or how about a salted caramel iced coffee?
4	Tried a cappuccino at the Puces POP fair from these guys. It was phenomenal. So damn tasty, and I'm not really someone who's ever that impressed with coffee or goes out to buy it.
4	Location: Well, it's a truck which means it's mobile, which means it's never going to be in the same place. In this case, it was somewhere on the Mile End, participating in Les Survenants.The place: It's a truck and they wouldn't let me in :-p  The goods: Since it was a desperately hot day, I went for the ice tea and it was AMAZING. I'm not sure what the ingredients were, but I tasted a little cinnamon. In any case, I would have bought a jug, had it been available. Will definitely try the coffee next time I bump into these guys. Service: Friendly.Price point: $3 for the ice tea. Considering the size, I think it was a LITTLE steep. I think $2 would have been enough.
