1	Avoid, avoid, avoid.  They will take your money and promise you everything, but NOT deliver.  I brought two suitcases there to be repaired last week.  I wanted them back today as tomorrow we are leaving for over two weeks.  They said they would be ready YESTERDAY (Monday).  We called on Monday.  Nope, not ready, even though we had their paper work GUARANTEEING that they would be ready.  But surely they would be ready today.  NOPE!!!  Yes, the one that needed only a slight repair is done, but the one that needed the entire zipper replaced, well, MAYBE they could put a rush on it and have it done by tomorrow.  ARE YOU KIDDING?  We will be GONE!  We had used another service that always was fast and on time, but were enticed to try this because there was store on Eastern closer to our house and we had a $10 off coupon.  NOPE!!!   The store is heavily advertised, but not open.  Not even close.  I have seen other sites that laud this place, but NOT US.  I hope I can warn more people away from these sleazy double talkers.
4	this place was recommended to me by an associate from the walking store @ miracle mile shops. one of my uggs got a cut on the toe area [i left them in my garment bag at work, and when i picked up my bag after work, i saw the cut]. i figured it'd be worth a shot to see if it was repairable [why spend another $120 on a new pair when these were still in great condition?]i showed the guy the shoes, and he said they were definitely fixable, but needed to be shipped out and it would take a week. it came out to $45 to patch up the cut.a week later, i got a call saying they were ready and went to pick them up. the cut is gone, and the shoe was patched up. thank you for the return time, as promised! the guy who works there is awesome too! service was great! definitely coming back to get my other shoes repaired here!
1	As associate at Gucci recommended this place. DO NOT GO HERE!I took in 3 pairs of my most expensive shoes back in mid December. Weeks went by and I finally called them to see what's the status. They were done weeks ago BUT NO ONE CALLED ME! I could've worn them for my holiday parties! 2 came out ok, but the stitch job could've been a little better. It's mid April and I'm still waiting for my last pair. They put the wrong size elastic so my sling backs were too loose, and they said they'd order me a new one and that they'd call me. No call, so I went back in last week to check in and they said they still didn't get it. I don't understand why no one can give me a courtesy call to tell me what's going on.
5	I brought in my old black and white wing tips to get re-soled and went for the total overhaul. Just got them back and they are almost brand spankin' new looking. Was totally blown away and happy they brought them back to life. These are an older style with chunky soles and a more square boot look instead of pointy. Can never find shoes like this any more so I'm loving them. Turn around time was a little slow but it was worth it!
2	This place USED to be the place but the owner has tripled his prices. I will be finding another repair place.
