1	My wife and I were very excited to have a new restaurant to try and decided to give it a go last night. 1st Impressions are very important and this place is a fail. First off the sign from the old tenant was still up and when we walked in and were immediately turned off by the smell of old stale beer. I know it's a sports grill but none the less the smell was uninviting at best. The decor was mostly unchanged from the previous restaurant tenant and it has no resemblance to anything Irish, it still looks like a cafeteria. We were immediately seated in a booth and given the menus. The menu was what I call standard sports bar food with a couple of Irish themed items like shepherd's pie and corned beef and cabbage. As we perused the menu and decided what we were going to order we set the menus at the edge of the table and waited for someone to come and take our order. Mind you no one has checked on us or taken a drink order in the 10 minutes since we arrived. We did see staff walking right by us, of course no eye contact, and what appeared to be a manager/owner doing the same but again no effort was made to take our order or ask if we have been helped. We then decided to just walk out and go to another local restaurant. We will not be returning anytime soon and wish them well.
3	Decent meal, nothing spectacular but not as horrible as everyone seems to be making it out to be. I would encourage everyone to at least give it a try. Anytime a new restaurant opens there are bound to be a few issues to work out. I had the fish and chips, hubby had the grilled chicken sandwich. Average Maricopa food.
1	We also tried it and did not like it. We were seated right away and given our drinks. I asked about happy hour specials and was told they only had drink specials, only to find out about a half hour later they had free appetizers around the corner. After our drinks  came we waited about 20 minutes for our order to be taken, the waitress never came back. Finally a manager (I think)saw the look on my face and asked to take our order. Food took awhile to come out, food was fair. Saw some customers getting taken care of regularly but we sure were not. It was an awful experience.
2	Not impressed.  Quality of chicken in the chicken sandwich was poor.  Sweet potato fries were decent though.  Food quality needs improvement overall.
5	Been there 3 times, food is delicious, service is fair unless Tiff is your server.  She is always friendly, smiling and makes sure that you have all you ordered in a timely manner.  Great Job!Grace
2	I didn't think it was to spectacular. The food is good but slow to serve it and the atmosphere is only good if you want to be in a loud sport's bar. I won't be returning anytime soon.
4	My wife and I ate at O'Shays tonight after a long day of errands and shopping. We had eaten there before, and although we weren't super impressed, we just wanted a quick sandwich that wasn't fast food. Well, to my surprise and delight, it was All-You-Can-Eat Prime Rib night, and prime rib is part of my DNA. To make a long story short, 3 trips to the prime rib bar and I'm a happy man now. Our waitress offered us to-go refills on our drinks, how can you not smile after that? I went in for an average meal and came out feeling like we had gone out for a special occasion. I would give it 5-stars if they had a designated hostess. We always seem to be wondering if we just seat ourselves or if we should just wait.
2	This place replaced Arena Sports Grill. Not as good. Not terrible, but, I may try one more time before I would write then off. Some places come on strong to impress, other take a while to get their legs. I will wait a couple month and give them one more try.Up ur game people!
4	The previous reviews seem to have come from the opening weeks before things settled down. I stopped by for just a pint or two and ended up ordering the Fish n' Chips. I have to say they were really very good. The two fish portions were perfectly cooked and the beer battered fries were great too. I opted for the wasabi cole slaw and was really happy with it.  It was fresh and crunchy with a super mild taste of wasabi, great. From what I sampled this is a nice addition to Maricopa, and much better than the dreck served by The Arena grill it replaced.
5	I've never had a problem with this place. Friendly servers, decent food, good/strong drinks.
4	This place is ok, i think their food and drinks are a bit pricey,and wish they would have more specials. the wings are really good and most the time the service is alright, the manager is great and trys to get ideas from the customers to improve the place. there is not much to chose from if you want to sit down and eat or go out for drinks and hear some music out here in copa but we like O'Sheas, its fun:)
4	Food is good if you ask them to modify it a little. Being Irish and knowing what things should taste like the Italian seasoning they   Use is just plain wrong!! Asked the waiter if we could replace the seasoning with worsteshire and they did which made the dish amazing. Good comfort food and on Wednesday night they have trivia which was kind of fun. Kids are welcome and the place is okay for the choices available in Maricopa for a dinner out.
1	Well I am eating here right now and all I can say is blah.  We ordered potato skins and a western burger. The potato skins came out the same time as our burger. I really hate when I get my starter the same time as my meal. The potato skins are just "eh" and the burger wasn't much better. On a scale of 1-10 i give it a 1. The bun was cold and hard, the onion straws were chewy and the ham tasted off.  So would I tell someone to come here for the food? No way. I've had better burgers at jack in the box. So if you drive by this place just keep going. Believe me I'm doing you a favor.
1	Food is awful !!!!!! Get a new menu and cook. Don't deserve a star.
3	Had a corn beef and saurkraut on rye with sweet potato fries. It was good.
1	Ugh. There is nothing more to say.
1	Do not support this restaurant! My husband, my myself and my 10 year old son were told by our server that the manager said we are not welcome there anymore. We complained about cold pasta and not having the Cardinals football game on, in an extremely polite way, and he had no concern for any of it and we can't go back...really? Sorry but the only thing his restaurant has going anyways is football and small crowds because no one goes there. It's not the food!!! There is one server that is awesome but that's it.
1	This place is not good, but it used to be at least "okay" for a casual night out.  This is the second Sunday we've gone and witnessed the unfortunate entertainment coupled with sub par food.  We tried to give him the benefit of the doubt the first time, that maybe he just had too much to drink a little early in the day, and I really don't want to be mean.  Tonight was a repeat performance, however, and it just made eating there unbearable.  The poor guy didn't know the words to any of the songs he sang - and I mean not ONE! At times he literally just uttered gibberish into the mic! Last time, he made some really gross comments about the poor waitress that would've been flattering twenty years ago, but now were just creepy especially considering a family with young female children had just walked in (it was dinner time, not late night).  If he was any good at all, the volume wouldn't be an issue because we'd be rocking out with him, but instead they really need to just turn him way down.  We go there expecting not-great fried food, it is a bar after all, but lately it's way overcooked and the apps always come out with the entree, which is pretty annoying.  Such a bummer, there's just nowhere good to go in Maricopa!
1	We decided to try O'Shay's on a Sunday and we felt like we walked into a scene from the show 'Bar Rescue'.  This place needed it!  The 'entertainment' consisted of a lone man screeching out tunes to his electronic music and drowning out any type of conversation and audio to the sports game playing at the time.  I saw one guy with his hands over his ears, it was that bad.  But it was his comments that literally floored me.  He stated that if we had beers and a tv at home, then we should leave to go watch the game there if we didn't enjoy his music.  He also stated that if someone wanted to pay him 20 bucks, he would stop playing.  Really?  I kept looking around for a hidden camera thinking a joke was being played on us.  Our waitress was very understanding and helpful, but unfortunately, it wasn't enough to ever bring us back.
2	Food is ok. Hot foods are never warm when they get to your table. They recently took a few items off the menu which is bad because they were the best. But, the biggest problem is the noise. Way way way too loud. Not only are the TV's loud but the worst is the customers at the bar who are screaming. There is no seating for those that want a meal in peace. Server told us it was like that all the time. Unfortunately we do not go because we don't want to risk there being a game on.
4	Located on  20800 N John Wayne Pwky Ste 101 Maricopa, AZ 85138, charming restaurant with a beautiful design, great food for a great price, or you are you can see the chefs in action.
1	Customer appreciation  tonight. Head out to enjoy the night . Time to go home. Complementary  shuttle called... Half way home (B&F ) shuttle tells me it's $10 to get home ... Driver makes us get out at white and Parker and Honeycutt . I have no problem paying $20! The problem with (B&F) shuttle is they try to take advantage of you because you have been drinking . Why not make it  clear before you pick it up? Oshays please don't use B&F shuttle anymore
