3	Nice place for casual dining with friends. Good service. A little bit on the expensive side for what you get, but overall a nice place with a nice ambiance.
5	This review is for the airport location which to a non-native Montrealer is probably awful, but for someone from Wash DC whose first introduction to smoked meat was at Moe's in the airport....this place will always be great.  I know it's probably not as good as "real" smoked meat from one of the authentic deli's in town, but when I crave smoke meat this is what I think of since it was my first experience.  I'm pretty sure I offended all of Quebec when I described my first sandwich as being like a shaved hot dog after my first bite, but since then a Moe's smoked meat sandwich has almost become reason enough to but a roundtrip ticket from DCA to YUL.  If you've never been to YUL and have 30 minutes to kill, go here and order the smoked meat sandwich and you'll probably understand.
4	I came here on my way to the Jardin Botaniques after reading Gen. M's review.My girlfriend and I had tried (and loved) Schwartz's and I decided to see if it really was better. We ordered their medium smoked meat sandwiches (she ordered the normal and I got the jumbo fatty size) with water. The plates were packed with goodies. My plate had two giant stack of meat with two sad little pieces of bread, trying to hold it all in, some home-style fries and coleslaw with half a pickle and a picked pepper wedge. The other plate was exactly the same, only with a bit less meat.It's hard to say if it was better than (or as good as) Schwartz's because we were famished, but I think it was quite respectable. If I go back to the Jardin Botanique and crave some smoked meat, this place would do the trick just fine.Don't come here expecting the same ambiance as the other place, you'll be disappointed, but if you're looking for more room, more time (you're not rushed out the door once you finish) and a bit more ambiance, this place might be for you.I think the bill came to 30$ for both of our meals all in.
1	Airport location, Monday, 6am.  10 minute wait just to be seated, when the restaurant is 1/4 full. 10 minute wait to be served, at the bar.  20 minute wait until the food came, right as I decided it had taken too long and I had to board my flight.  Absolute garbage.  Never again.
1	Went here a while back and will never go again.I ordered an onion soup, which tasted like liquid charcoal and when I mentioned this to the waiter I got a shrug & a mumbled "sorry you didn't like it" and with that he was gone (like a disinterested ninja), worse thing is is that our table already paid (One of the "disadvantages" of arriving late to a large group of friendly people that decided to pay for us) so there wasn't much leverage for me to get some more acknowledgement for my issue. So since I like tasty food and decent service I have to come to the conclusion that I severely dislike this place.
5	Love a quick smoked meat sandwich on Layover in Montreal. My Grandpa would be proud. He always said the best meat is in Montreal.
1	Not a fan of this place.Not only is it dingy, but the service is so so and the food is kinda gross.Only good thing is that it's cheap, and that they have decent milkshakes....
