5	I could spend all my money in this store.  The selection will blow your mind, and the prices feel like a steal.  They have a lot of craft supplies besides fabric, like lace, batting and beads.  I try to go in on a mission and I only go when I only have a few minutes.  Otherwise, I'd buy half the store.  The employees are incredibly helpful and quite friendly.  The bottom line: selection and prices to die for.
5	I almost detracted a star based solely on my experiences working here in the summer as my first job, a couple years before they got that nice AC. The owner is sweet and keeps to herself, staff is nice, all have worked there for years now. Seriously, like 20. It gets five stars because it is the closest thing to the feeling people must be describing when reminiscing about a candy shop that I have ever felt. And for staying the same. Those worn cardboard boxes have been there holding those patches, beads and other sew-ables as long as I can remember, and they always have the same ones, with a few additions here and there. The fabric revolves like crazy, but you can always find killer deals on pricey stuff like denim, velvet, or the embossed denim I got to make curtains, which has elements of both and was 5.99/yard. Poly cottons usually run about 2-3/yd, depending on the print. The walls are lined with rolls of binding, trim, and ribbon of all types. they have an entire isle of tassel trim. For Halloween, you can't go wrong. Finding a lot of some fabrics can be difficult, and there is no guarantee they will have the same fabric again... in fact, it's almost guaranteed not to happen. Then again, you might just go in10 years from now to find the same roll of neon orange nylon mesh you remember tripping over.
3	Thanks to my friend Danielle T. I had an opportunity to check out SAS on Apache Blvd. I've passed this storefront countless of times and never knew what it was, Saturday afternoon changed that. Danielle T. was looking for a stretchy black fabric she needed to make into a skirt. The store apparently closes at 5:30pm on Sat. so we got there at 5p. Upon walking into the store you are greeted by rows upon rows of different fabrics, with signs that say "All Sales are Final, no returns" and there's ribbons, and laces, threads, galore! and it's cheap too! Unlike Danielle I do not have the touch, and altho I'm able to sew a bit I'm not an expert nor do I have the patience. When they say they're closing at 5:30p they mean, the lights are switched off by 5:25p lol. One thing I hate about the store is that it's majorly disorganized that you spend alot of time looking for stuff rather than being able to compare fabrics. But my friend was able to buy a yard of fabric for less than $3 so it's not bad, you just have to deal. And when I'm in need of fabric in the future, I'll make sure to pay a visit!
4	This place is great! The fabric is very well priced and they often have sales on various items. You have to invest a little bit of time to find things sometimes, but it is worth it. The staff is friendly and helpful. I agree that you have to enter SAS with a project in mind or else you will buy a bunch of things! They have buttons, odd and ends, faux fur, sequined patches, etc., etc. So awesome.
1	I LOVE SAS for the great deals, but they definitely skimp on the customer service. It takes a lot to upset me as a customer, but this location is pretty bad in that area.The store is a little cluttered, and I don't believe they have air conditioning or heat. It's very uncomfortable in the summertime, but I'm willing to overlook that for their great, low prices.Now to the bad part - the customer service. There were about three people working midday during the week, and it took me about ten minutes to check out. They are extremely slow, and were chatting to each other while I was trying to finish up in line. I really don't appreciate when I'm in a hurry (as everyone is at lunchtime midweek) and the cashiers are taking their sweet time talking to each other instead of taking care of the customer. It's very disappointing and upsetting. If I were the type of customer to throw a fit in front of management (which I'm not at all) this would be the place to do it.I really feel like management needs to do something about this, because it looks like most of the negative reviews on Yelp are due to the poor customer service.Sorry SAS, but I will definitely NEVER go back to this location...
4	One of those great little task-specific indie stores, as unlike Joann's as you can get.  Large selection of fabric and buttons you don't find anywhere else, and well-organized service -- you stand in line to have your fabric measured and your buttons counted and then a cashier takes your money.  Found some terrific buttons for ten cents each button-diving in the loose button bin, and my niece found some wonderful rayon fabric at a quarter what she pays for it at home.  A pleasant experience all around.
5	Cheap, fairly organized, contrary to popular opinion. The lady who helped me seemed a little crotchety until I smiled at her, then she was joking around and helping me. You have to go in expecting to sacrifice a little ... THE PRICES ARE FABULOUS.
5	I love this place. It is THE place to go if you love making your own clothes or just love making things. It does take a few visits to truly get a feel for the massive amount of stuff they carry....but the prices are SO GOOD and they have things I haven't ever been able to find at Hobby Lobby, Michael's etc. I totally disagree with the comments about bad customer service or crotchety staff....I've always found the ladies there a delight, if they're not too busy just ask their advice or opinions, they have a wealth of knowledge and experience and I've always found them ready to help out a newbie sewer from England who finds it hard transferring from metric to imperial.It is an Aladdin's Cave....you never know what delights you might find there - though I have learnt to try and make a list before going, otherwise I could be in there all day touching fabrics and notions and dreaming.
5	Fantastic place for anyone with an interest in sewing. You can always get a good buy no matter what you're buying. Materials are insanely cheap in comparison to chain retail stores. The staff is friendly, though they might look a little mean sometimes, but they're always willing to help.
3	Liked the place..had the type of fabric i was looking for, just not the color.  must have patience to go through the fabrics since its some what orgazined.
4	I love this place. They have a large selection of fabrics, ribbons, and other paraphernalia one would need for an arts and crafts project. I usually hit up this place when I want to make a skirt or curtains or pillows or make book covers. I find it way cheaper than some of the other chains and a way better selection. You could spend the whole day going through all the piles and find something you'd like and probably then some. The costumer service is usually really good. The people there are helpful but a few can be a bit "crotchety" or have those kinds of moments, but that's been rare in my experience.
5	I have been going to this SAS for over 10 years.  I have never had a person treat me rudely or with disrespect.  The prices are amazing, and if you have time to dig, you can save lots of money shopping here.  Even notions are a fraction of the price you would pay at a large chain and the fabric is unique as well.
5	I love this place!  I've been diving head first into sewing for a few months now.  The ladies there all know me and are very friendly.  It's like a treasure hunt every time I go.  The fabrics are fairly organized by type but you never know what you might find.  I highly recommend hunting the whole store when you go just to make sure you don't miss something new and exciting!
3	Great fabric store.  Lots and lots of fabric.  I came here looking for some African fabric.  I found much to choose from despite the saleslady's disappointment in the fact that they used to have more.  I thought some of the fabric was pricey, but they have many discount bins that I didn't have time to look thru.  I must say I love the variety and location of this place.
5	I can remember being a little kid and my mother *always* taking me and my sis to SAS (on Indian School Rd, that is) for her sewing supplies.. sis and I would play with all the oodles and oodles of things they carry: buttons, ribbons, patches, feathers, fabrics, and sequins galore!.  Needless to say, I definitely have lots of memories attached to SAS.  Mom is a wonderful seamstress and, yes, she did pass that on to me (check out my hubby's mended shorts and my home-made aprons and tailored blouses).  This SAS location is pretty much the same thing: gobs and gobs of fabrics, ribbons, buttons, patches, felt, feathers... if you can make clothing or accessories out of it, it is here.Their pricing is the cheapest you'll find (always better than Joann's) and the sewing craft stuff is always cheaper than at Michael's.  Needless to say, their color, style, texture, and pattern selection is VAST.  The gals inside are nice and purchases are rung up old-school pen to paper (they do accept CCs).  I got a lot of fabric/felt/ribbon here for miscellaneous wedding and holiday decoration needs ... This is THE place to go for your fabric needs.
4	Virtually any type of fabric you might be looking for can be found here, in addition to the notions that go with it such as buttons, thread, and ribbons to name a few.  You might have to do some hunting around to find an associate to help you out though.  In a world where fabric stores are a shrinking commodity, it's good to know that SAS still exists.
4	I have read other reviews that weren't so favorable and kinda went in with a little bit of an attitude. Maybe it was just being prepared.First of all, if you bring kids (hard to do, as the aisles are cramped, and they probably don't appreciate kids in there, but sometimes you gotta bring them where you're going), everyone go potty before you get there. No public bathrooms. We had to walk (in the heat of summer) to Pep Boys, as the gas station on the corner (same side) has no public bathrooms, either (really? isn't that the law of gas stations, to have public bathrooms???)Second, you know the fleece fabrics you can find at JoAnn's that have the Major League teams/logos on them and you can make a blanket? They have those here for less than half JoAnn's price.  We have found many, many fabrics here. You kinda gotta go a couple times to get the layout down, but I found if you just ask (either a customer or a worker) if they have (insert random fabric or notion here), they will point you in the right direction. I have never had anyone be rude to me when I needed help. After the previous reviews, yes, I expected gruffness, so just go in expecting that and all you can do is go up from there, right? I haven't had any gruffness.  Matter of fact, the last gal I got was so affirming and nice to my 8-yr old son that I find it hard to believe that anyone can say that the people are rude here.Last time we went, we were trying to find stuff to dress like Babylonians for Vacation Bible School. I found belly-dancer jinglies!  we bought those to hot-glue on the bottom of our outfits (they were pricey, at $5.99/yard, and the jinglies came off their posts easily, so that is disappointing).So, overall, I really like this place. Not open on Sundays. You have to look for the Cricket store sign and it's right behind the Cricket store (pink building--we almost passed it the first time).  Only reason for 4 stars is cuz of the cramped aisles and no bathroom.
3	It's ok, I've been to better fabric stores over the years, but this is by far the best one in the metro-phoenix area. (besides their sister store in east phoenix) My mom's a quilter and we've lived in at least ten places as I was growing up, so I've seen my share.It's not really as organized as everyone says, basically things are *usually* in the right areas, but half the time you find what you're looking for on the complete opposite end of the store from where it's supposed to be. they have tons and tons of different types of materials, but staff doesn't know what half of them are if you're looking for something specific. ex: French terry, microfiber terry, PUL, let alone where it actually is. Don't expect to use their fabric for commercial sewing because they have no idea whether any of it is compliant or not, I think they just get leftovers from retail stores.The staff is the worst part of this otherwise normal fabric store. once in a while you'll find someone nice, but moreover they are all rude and even the ones just standing in aisles will act like they are too good to help you with anything. You'll have more luck getting help from a customer.It's pretty much the only place around to get fabric though, so you can't really complain.they used to have a kids area with a kids table and books, but they took it out. bring your child leashes/leash backpacks...or a chankla
3	Fabric is priced cheap but you have to inspect it for imperfections/stains. I get frustrated with how messy it is. Also don't like that there is no restrooms, I have to take my kid cross the street.
3	Fabric is priced cheap but you have to inspect it for imperfections/stains. I get frustrated with how messy the store is. Also don't like that there is no restrooms, I have to take my kid cross the street.
1	if i gould click no stars i would!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!no stars!!!!!!!no stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!excuse me for being so stupid and ignoratnt that you people had to treat me, rude and ignorant, first time in the store, heaven forbid you have to learn the ropes and no one really knows stock but eveyone knows sarcasm and rudness and ignorance that for sure,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,far cry from the 19th ave store, go there,,,,,,, and what ever you do don't touch a pair of sissors, believe me i know all about sisors and ruining a pair of sissors but doooooooooooooooon't touch a pair of sissors !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	If you like "the hunt" and are okay looking for things mostly on your own, this is the place for you. Messy, PACKED with stuff, made of magic and SAS-sy old ladies. I asked a very old, hunched over woman, "excuse me, do you work here?" Her response, "Sometimes. Sometimes I just walk around for fun." NOT expecting that out of someone who is barely audible and hardly able to walk, much less an employee. But, I thought it was funny, and she answered my question about where the bandanas were just fine. I hope that when I retire, I can spend my days cutting fabric and handing out sass at this place. For now, I will just get lost in the aisles of fabrics and notions, and try not to let my OCD tendencies overwhelm me as visions of craft and sewing projects flash before my eyes.
4	Great prices & wonderful what can I say except my husband is "thrilled" when I go there..LOL!!!
5	I sew for a living and have been shopping in this store for over 20 years .  Yes it's a little cluttered , yes it can get busy and take a little time, but what I love most is YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT YOUR'RE GOING TO FIND!!! If you have a little creative edge, go there.  And as for the staff, I love those broads! They'll dish it out, just enjoy it! Where else are ya gunna get that????
3	"You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have."  - Maya AngelouDIY paradise!  This is the place I go to when I have a little extra time and am ready to get crafty!  They sell remnants and some older fabric prints that bigger stores carriy, lace and trims, piping, buttons, chinzy rhinestone tiaras, zippers, and other odds and ends you might need for whatever you're crafting.  It's cramped but organized, musky smelling, has no public bathrooms, and is cheap!  If you're expecting store clerks to help you with all your needs, you're in the wrong place.  You're definitely on your own until you need something cut or rung up.  Some items might have stains or other imperfections but that's why they're cheap.  Inspect closely, take your time, and for the love of humanity, don't bring your kids here.  The clerks are pretty friendly and hilarious as long as you're nice to them.  Snooty people get snooty attitudes thrown right back in their faces --- I love it.  Happy scavenger hunting!
1	I went in the store today for the 2nd time and customer experience was terrible.  They have the must unhappy angry people working there.  While I was picking out fabrics one employee said to another lady employee near me that a gentlemen needed a lot of help and could she help.  She frowned and then angrily said "For What?".  She was so bothered that she might have to actually talk to someone and help them out. Then once I went over to the cutting station the women helping me was so bothered there were kids in the store and just stared at them like she was going to kill them.  And if she had paid attention she would of seen that I'm 9 months pregnant (with my first child I might add) and that her attitude towards children only made me very uncomfortable as a pregnant women and customer.  She then began to complain about children and looked so unhappy just to be alive.  I'm writing this to let you know how angry I left the store when before I even entered I was just happy.  Good customer service really helps the company to shine and the customer to feel welcomed back and really I don't feel that way.
5	I love this location!! The stock here is so much better and they have couture silks!!!! Yayyyyy... no one sews with such refined fabrics anymore but I can find silk at $8/yd and I can make fabulous stuff to my heart's content!! Besides, I'm a fashion design student so I constantly am in need of fabrics.I saw them bring in tons of brocade, all beautiful prints, along with their section of "bridal" fabrics and trims. They price their stuff so low, and stuff runs out quickly so if you spot something that you like, you ought to get it because it will most likely not be there again. The sales people tell me that the majority of stuff is closeout, esp. the higher end material- silks, (which is what I always gun for).They have a lot of zippers, buttons, cords, lace, trims, notions etc. to choose from, all really super cheap prices!! I bought overlock needles for $1 a pack. I bought sharp and stretch sewing machine needles sizes 9, 11, 14, 16 at $1.75 each pack for 10. If you need size 18, this location does not have it but I know the one on Indian School Road does. I bought some embroidery scissors for $2 with cute bows on it and I found some really sturdy hook clasps made in England from probably the 70s or 80s but they're super strong and that was only $1 for 20 of them!There are tons of awesome deals in this place but you'd have to get use to the way they run things there. Customer service is very slim because their stock is constantly changing and they are objectively grouchy. You have to come in with a strong sense of what you want and focus on that. If you take everything with a grain of salt and just go there to get what you want and don't expect to exchange pleasantries and nice small talk, you'd be fine. Oddly enough, I've several interesting and useful conversations with customers and workers there before, but I never go there expecting a full breath of great service. I just go there for what I need to get and be on my merry way. That's precisely the attitude I suggest for you to adopt if you go here.
5	Not sure what all the negative reviews are about, because I love this place.  All the employees are friendly, helpful and pleasant.  They have everything ou need...and lots of things you don't need.  Seriously, it's like going on a treasure hunt for things to make and do.  They had an item for which I have been searching everywhere and the price was really low!  If you're looking for a pristine experience like Joann's, this isn't the place for you.  But, if you love bargains, and tons of fabrics and every notion imaginable...go to SAS!
