5	Marzette from The Wow Factor is amazing. She came to my hotel room the day before and spray tanned me and my four friends.  The next day she was back at my hotel room to do my makeup, help style my hair and place my veil. She even helped me in my dress and tied me up (the laces were all straight and the bow beautiful).  And as she worked on me, Aaron gave neck and hNd massages to the girls. She really went above and beyond for my big day!  Thank you Marzette and Aaron of The Wow Factor.  Viva Las Vegas!  Much Love, Brandi Norman Sept 29,2012
5	I have worked with Marzette on a photo shoot. It was great! There are a few things that stand out for me when I look for a makeup artist to hire for a photo shoot. 1.They can't be a flake! Marzette was very prompt, showing up a little early even!2. The work has to be great! We did a shoot for a men's cosmetic line and she did a great job making the men feel comfortable and look better, but not over done. Great for photography.3. They have to be easy and fun to work with! Finally The WoW Factor was easy to get along with, accommodating and full of fun ideas! Great for me! Great for you! :)
5	Marzette did an excellent job with mine and my sisters spray tan, super happy with the results, will definitely be using her services on a regular basis, very happy to find out she does makeup and hair also
5	Great great blow out by Marzet!! I'm so fussy when it comes to my hair as its naturally wavy and have extensions- Marzet knew exactly what to do&did my blow out JUST how I like it!It's usually hard for me to find someone that can do my hair perfectly so was very happy!Wish I had been there longer as found out she also does make up&spray tans!Coming back in a few months with group of girls-we will all be booking in for everything!great to have Marzet come to the hotel room too!Camilla - London x
5	I was invited to do a photoshoot with Marzette, and I had the best time ever!!! Not only was the make-up up to date witht he latest trends...she did some amazing stuff with my long, hard-to-manage hair!! She makes you feel extremely comfortable, and her talents by far exceeded any experience I have had before. Thanks, Marzette! You get 10 stars  ********** by me! =)
