5	There's a buzz going around town- Ahwatukee to be exact,  that there's a new auto repair center that's fair, honest AND affordable. What a concept, huh?You other shops need to take note.I desperately needed an oil change on a Friday afternoon as I was headed out of town to San Diego the next day. They squeezed me in for a quick oil change although they were jam packed. It was the fastest, cheapest oil change I've ever had. And I'm used to paying $60-$80. What can I say about these guys...just SOLID, SOLID people- great service, friendly and honest. Hats off to Jim, Paul and Steve running the show there.
3	Service was quick, but contrary to their sign that they'll "Beat anyone's price", they wouldn't even match Big O's price for a synthetic oil change. I was told "If you want that price, go over to Big O's and wait 4 hours".
5	I used Xpress Automotive today for the first time and was thoroughly impressed! Brought my car in for an oil change, but wanted them to check my brakes since my car had started shaking when using brakes. Dan was very informative and told me exactly what was needed; giving me options for a conservative fix to the ideal repair. He even showed me the bad rotors on my car and explained in detail about the repairs. Was easy to work with, polite, and made me feel like a valued customer! Brakes are being put on my car as I type! Be sure to look at their website for service coupons,too. Saved some $$ by applying a coupon to the new brake charges. I will definitely trust my car to Xpress from here on out!
5	Such a great place! The staff is friendly and informative. Will always take my truck there.  Surprised this place hasn't put the Big O Tires next to them out of business. Highly recommended place to take your vehicle!
5	Superb service. Ask for Steve by name. He went well above and beyond. One day turn around on an emergency service with a fair price to boot. Completely satisfied. Before now I traveled over 30 miles for an auto shop that I have gone to for years. However, i can now rely on a place close to home thanks to Steve and xpress.
5	Very impressed with this place.  They do everything here.  They were done 15 minutes early and we're very cost effective.  I will be going back again I just hope not too soon ;).   I will return for my next oil change rather than the quickie place around the corner that has attitude. Customer service is one of the last differentiators and this place has got it nailed.
5	came to this location a couple times in the past and was shocked at their prices for simple work that I could get anywhere else for far less but after reading several yelp's about the new business 'xpress automotive' I decide to try it out. It's so close to where I live. Well, the other reviews were true and i found the staff and pricing to be fair and honest. I thought I might have a slow radiator fluid leak so they checked it out and found nothing. Some shops would have seen that as a blank check. I came in for an injector service and LOF and that's what I got at a fair price in quick time. Happy to have a local auto shop. We'll be back
5	Summary: extremely fast and courteous service, reasonable and honest. My alternator went out as we were driving by the shop. I pulled in and dumped the car. I called in the morning, gave them the go ahead and they had it replaced within an hour. These guys are the real deal. I will not take my vehicles any place else.
5	First off I would like to state that Xpress provides a quality and timely service which alone would keep me coming back time and time again.  But my experiences with Xpress automotive have been enjoyable because of an employee named Dan.  I believe he might be a manager of sorts, but that doesn't matter.  The service he provides on a personal level is above compare, he takes the time to work with you and identify priority issues with your vehicle to help keep you in budget, if you're like me and can't spend every dollar on your car, but keeps you without a vehicle for the least amount of time possible and balances a personal and professional demeanor that makes your visit all the more pleasant.  If you're looking for a local place to get work done on your car look no further, Xpress automotive will provide you quality work that in most cases will work with your schedule and walllet.
5	I came in for a 45,000 mile maintenance, coolant flush and an oil change.The staff were courteous, listened to what I needed done - including documentation on the 45K inspection - and got right to work.Once underway, they correctly sold me a cabin air filter (an item on the inspection list). The filter they showed me was unquestionably the one from my car, and certainly needed replacing. The price for the new air filter was fair, and they actually had it delivered on-the-spot which surprisingly caused me no meaningful delay.The desk person and the tech were both courteous, and there were no surprises on the bill.I don't know what else I could expect. Good place.
5	Great and honest service. We are very excited that we won't be getting ripped off by Big'o Tires anymore!! Thank you Xpress
5	I've been here twice now for repairs and an oil change. I'm very impressed with their professionalism, thoroughness and promptness. I never had to call and check on my vehicle...they always kept me posted, explained what was wrong and gave recommendations on what I should and did not have to spend money on. I was pleasantly surprised at their pricing too. While no one likes to spend money on costly repairs, I think their prices are fair and even a little less than most shops I've been raked by. They also guarantee their work. My ac went out again about a month after they fixed a seal leak and they told me its guaranteed for a year to bring back in anytime no charge. So glad there is a place in Tukee that I can trust!
4	When I move to Ahwatukee Area, I needed my car fixed. I had to replace my front wheel hub. I went to this place since it was close to my house. The staff member were nice and friendly. They also gave me the reasonable price for the repair and they gave me a ride home since it was going to take couple of hours. However, I am giving them a 4 star because I got a call back 6hours later that my car was ready. Time is very important for me and I was little disappointed. It would have been ok if they told me it will take about 6hours. Overall, I would still recommend this place to other people.
5	Another great experience. My car would not go into park. I stopped in unannounced and they worked for about twenty minutes to get a temporary fix on the the spot. I followed up with service that weekend. As usual, they were prompt, fairly priced, and only did what was needed. I truly can't say enough good things about these guys. I have complete trust in them and that is not something I have been able to save about any automotive repair shop.
5	Just had my car serviced, they did a great job! Friendly staff and probably the cleanest auto shop I've seen across the country. Everyone should check these guys out! I know where I'll be going for all my car repairs from now on.
5	I can't share enough about how great these guys are, my car seized up and I was sure it had some pretty major damage, at first they found a cracked radiator and water in the engine, it looked like a cracked head gasket and we thought it was going to be $3500 in repair, but they called and said it was only a broken water pump, costing us thousands less.  We wouldn't have known the difference but they were so honest and looking out for our best interest.  We have used this shop for a few years and I am so glad we used them this time.  They are always friendly, always honest and willing to help, This shop is the best.
5	I stopped in yesterday for an overdue oil change, and Jon couldn't have been more accomodating and friendly!He gave the special price of 9.95, which I didn't even know was running at the time.  This is going to be my go-to spot for maintenance as well.*Added bonus is that I can drop the car off and walk home!!!
5	I'm so impressed with Xpress automotive, I made Jon let me use his computer to write this review so it's his name in the upper left. My name is Dennis Ketterer of Gilbert, and  you can contact me at 480-532-3110 if you like to hear what I think about  their business.Taking my 2003 Honda CR-V to Xpress Automotive for the troubled air conditioning system was the smartest thing I've done with the car. The Honda CR-V from aI think 2002 to 2005 has had compressor problems that are challenging at best. Mine literally detonated. I worked with Jon, the manager. He not only gave me the best price, I have to say unqualifiedly, the best service. the compressor is known for it's problems. It's detonated 4 times during the 2 year warranty. I never leave with a bill. The warranty is honored. Today was time 5. This time, they went out and bought an OEM compressor. They're expensive. But they felt it was the right thing to do so I wouldn't have problems again. My bill?  Zero. Zip. Nada. Cipher. They have integrity, don't fix what isn't wrong, and have never charged me for diagnosing my problem. They have become my mechanics for life.
