4	Well, well, well...finally. A great sushi restaurant in the Lake Pleasant area. I've been patient, I've been pacing, and I've been traveling too far for deliciousness...but now I don't have too!I attended the friends & family night for this beautiful new sushi bar and I'll just begin with the easiest part -- the atmosphere. It's the first thing people will notice when they walk in and if you're like me, you won't be disappointed. Elegant, yet comfortable. Modern, yet homey. The bars -- both sushi and booze -- look fantastic as does the outside patio which I can't wait to check out when it cools down.Now, onto the other things. The servers were friendly and attentive. You could tell they were busy (opening night, duh!) but rarely did they or the manager (who came to our table to check on us :) seemed to show it. The food came out promptly and the presentations were super nice. Nothing was outrageously expensive but that didn't in any way compromise the taste of anything. Fresh sashimi & nigiri, awesome apps., and a nice selection of specialty drinks, beer, and wine.I highly recommend going into Squid Ink because if opening night was this good, just imagine how much better they'll be as time goes on! On any given night, chances are you'll see me there, back for more great food and service.
4	Wow what a great place, don't leave without trying the Cougar Roll. This place has a cool vibe and I am sure this place will be hopping for a long time to come.
3	We were so excited when we saw the sign for this place, and stopped by today for lunch, a Friday afternoon.  We were told it was the grand opening.  Overall, it was hit and miss.  The decor is very nice - modern, clean.  Service is friendly, but inconsistent.  We ordered two appetizers but only ever received one.  The kids meals came out early, but one was incorrect (rice instead of noodles).  Then it was quite a long time (like 20 minutes) before we had any other food arrive.  Sushi was beautifully presented - especially the cougar roll, which was excellent - but the rolls were a bit loose and the tuna had a slight metallic aftertaste, and everything was a tad warm.  Also, portions were small for the price.  We may give them another try, to see if the opening day jitters settle, but we were hoping for more.  If you want good sushi and great service, try Tokyo Lobby or Fresh Wasabi.
4	First of all it is exciting to have more restaurants in the Lake Pleasant  area. It was 6 o'clock on a Sunday night and I walked in and saw that it was very busy but there were a lot of waiters and waitresses which was a plus! We immediately got two chairs at the bar and served drinks immediately. We ordered the grilled chicken wings for an appetizer... which were absolutely delicious! And they served 12 of them and they had lots of meat on them. I ordered the chicken teriyaki plate with rice. Which was good. To top of our dinner we had some sushi. We had the Philly roll. The sushi was pretty good and big enough to share with two people! During our dinner they opened the TWO BIG windows behind the bar which was nice to have the openness of the summer breeze! The service was friendly and fast.. :)This place has a great HAPPY HOUR! Daily 3p-6p and nightly after 10pSpecials on well drinks, Saki, and beer1/2 price appetizersSpecials on select sushi rollsThis place is great for families and a place to hang out with friends!There is indoor and patio seating!
1	What a huge disappointment!!! I have been waiting for this place to open for months, I usually eat at Tokyo Lobby but was looking forward to having a great sushi place closer to the house. The place was busy especially for a Monday night but that is no excuse for them to take over 30 minutes for the first 2 rolls of the 3 we ordered to arrive. The rice was like glue, I know it should be sticky but not like this. The fish on the rainbow roll was ok, lacked real flavor. The rolls were half the diameter of Tokyo's and almost twice the price $11 Vegas roll, $13 Rainbow roll and I believe the Surf and Turf was $17. The 3rd roll we ordered did not arrive for another 15 minutes, it was the Surf and Turf roll, this one had great flavor but again the rice sucked. I made the mistake of ordering one more roll (i know stupid) but the 2 of us were still hungry after the first 3 small rolls. The Vegas roll arrived, (how could you screw up something as simple as that?) but they managed, I think I could have done better at a grocery store with that one. The final and most disturbing thing was the flies!!! Some genius designed a sushi bar to have 2 huge garage doors that open so they can have an open air bar. So lets see raw fish+open walls+no fly fans = a very disgusting fly filled dinning experience. The food gets 2 stars but overall a 1 star because of what I am sure can't be a healthy mix of raw fish and flies everywhere.  What a shame!!!
2	I know this place is new so I will give them another chance but I have been twice and had not great service.  The first time we went for dinner and received our meals before our starters and the waiter did not even realize we never received them.  He did take one off the bill which was nice.  They then charged by boyfriends card double which took about a week to get the charges reversed.  My second visit was for lunch with a group of girlfriends and the experience was worse.  We all received our food at different times and the lost my order and one other girls order.  They did not even serve our soups at the same time, when we asked why they waitress said they were washing more bowl.  We found this very odd being that it was a weekday lunch with about 10 people in the entire place.  The food was good.  The tuna lunch bowl was really good.  Be careful if you don't like spicy because the food is spicy.  For me thats a good thing.  I love close and I am excited about the place so I hope they get the kinks worked out.  The dumplings were Yum! Happy Eating!
4	This sushi bar is small & cozy, modern, buzzing, and sheik and at 7pm, it was crowded but seating was available for my very hungry party of 5 in just 10 mins. time! Impressive response time from the wait staff! They seat us and the waitress came right over. She was very attentive and helpful with our choices. We ordered garlic edamame for appetizers - it was on. Wifey's Hibiscus Lemonade was the bomb...and so was my sake bomb! The nigiri tako sushi was tasty, perfectly chilled, and fresh! Tuna sashimi was deep red and had the perfect cut & texture - pretty fresh for the desert! LOL! The Surf & Turf Roll was so ono-licious! Seared Filet Mignon, shrimp tempura, asparagus, avocado, and sweet soy topped with fried shallots - a must try - cuz i will again! The kids had a decent menu - a California roll meal, and some teri-chicken plates. Sorry, (808 ppl) no mac salad. DOH! But they hooked my 2 young ladies up with hot fudge vanilla ice cream sundaes afterwards. Oh, and then my son and wife had some strawberry ice cream mochis! Our waitress turned out to be the owner's sister, Abby! Thanks Abby! Awesome dinner! We'll be back for sure!!
4	Just an echo.  Very fresh fish, good to great sauces, extensive menu (and they don't try to sell 50 different rolls, TG!)  My only compaint - not too major - is they cut their sashimi too chunky and make no effort to make it attractive (which I always thought was the sign of a real sushi chef).We were impressed, altho Jo would like to see them add a couple of teriyake/tempura boat lunches.  She's not into sushi, but she was told to try the Vegas roll and she liked it!  Also the California, of course.We'll go back - often
3	This joint is brand spankin new, so I wanted to visit at least twice before writing anything that would alter the course of the universe. So I did, just stopped in for happy hour sushi and a beer.The place is very clean, crisp and neatly decorated. The staff can be described the same, but with a smile! The first experience was dinner with my charming husband. This place is so close to us that we were excited to try it. So excited in fact, maybe that's what made our sushi just OK. I chalked it up to drying paint on the walls, but after visit numero dos.......it's just OK. The good is that their spicy tuna is actually spicey! The bad is that the rice just didn't seem to be fresh, it was all dried out and texture was off. The pickled ginger was totally dried up! (how do you screw up PG!) Anyway, I also had the salmon Nigiri-sushi and the fish was...well, warmish. It tasted good but I couldn't get over the temp! Everything has a good taste but I can't say that it is fresh and damn it, if sushi is being served it should look, feel and taste fresh!! I am a bit of a sushi snob, so I'm being harsh I know. I will go again to see if any progress has been made. Peace.
4	The four stars are for food!  One star for background music.  Loud Rap at 6:30 pm on a Friday?  For me, this place is for lunch only.  However, congrats to the chef....their sashimi is cut nicely now and served attractively.  So somebody is listening.  Not to the music, tho.
1	I met my teenage daughter and her friend for lunch there one day and I was not impressed.  The service was great but the sushi was sloppy, tasteless and way overpriced.  We ordered four different rolls between the three of us and left most of it behind.  Not that my 50.00 dollar lunch will make or break them but I don't see them staying in business very long if they don't fix their food.
4	For a local sushi restaurant, it is a good choice.  It is a new, fairly large place with a nice atmosphere.  We mostly have gone there between 6PM and 7PM and have always received prompt seating and good service. The sushi has always been fresh & nicely prepared.
4	The sushi is good. the atmosphere is more for younger folks.. 20-30 year olds.  They have a full bar as well.
4	Crab rangoons: pretty good but very much like an Alfredo sauce inside, and pretty salty. I didn't try the sauce that came with it, it just looked too hot. They came out ooey gooey inside and crispy outside though, overall, I'd have them again. Philly roll: very good. Everything a great Philly should be. Smooth with a gentle crunch at the end, and love the smokiness of the sesame seeds!!Surf n turf roll: I feel the beef flavor gets lost behind the tempura, but for those who are nervous about raw fish, this is something fun everyone can enjoy. I asked for no sauteed shallots on top and feel this is a much tastier way to get the roll, but that's my personal taste.Hamachi: fresh. Simple. Crisp. Delicious!!The service was friendly on a mildly busy wednesday afternoon. Attentive and my glass was never empty. Music was very relaxing, but again, it's 435 in the afternoon.
2	Our first time visiting this place.  A table with 10 people was so loud that we could not hear each other across our table.  We ordered two kinds of sushi, plus sashimi and was surprised that it was all served on one plate.  It was mediocre at best.  In the meantime the 3 televisions in the bar area had on a motocross with patrons yelling and cheering.  If you want creative sushi and a decent atmosphere, this is not the place.  The waitress although very polite ws totally clueless as to providing service without being asked.  There is so much help in this place, that we saw servers standing around instead of providing good service.  We doubt this place will be in business in another year.
4	Went in on a pretty busy night, was seated and served quickly with a smile.  The food was awesome, and the service was attentive.  Good place to take a date, or just go out for drinks.
4	Friend told me hot wings are the thing here. I thought he was nuts, it is a sushi place. Turns out, he was right. The hot wings here are excellent, and even better at happy hour.Bottles of Tiger and excellent Hamachi also a plus.The setting at the bar with friendly and quick servers and an inside/outside make Squid Ink a great place for happy hour when the weather is nice.
4	Food was delicious. My friend and I sat at the bar and it was a very nice ambiance. Server was friendly with out being too obnoxious.A little pricey. I had two house special rolls and a spicy yellowtail and the bill was over forty bucks. Great food though, left happy and stuffed.
3	I would give them 4 stars if not for our previous visit. I've only been to Squid Ink a couple of times, and will likely try it again, however the most recent visit left myself (and others in the party) conflicted about this establishment. The first time we tried it, the service was good - friendly, attentive, helpful and also very knowledgable. The food was also good. I wouldn't venture to say spectacular, as I am a bit of a sushi snob, but for this part of town, it's as fresh as I've had. And it was executed attractively, and the flavors were great. There was one roll that we regretted ordering (I believe it was the Yellowtail Scallion roll), as it was completely bland - read - had no flavor whatsoever. However, the other rolls really made up for it. The Nigiri was also fresh and flavorful - which is my favorite part of going out for sushi! I was also delighted by the Basil Grapefruit Martini...reasonably priced compared to what you would pay elsewhere. Many of the reviews rave about the Cougar roll - it is good, indeed. It's refreshing and light. I'm not a huge fan of tempura rolls, but I really enjoyed the Jibs roll, as well. And the Spicy Yellowtail was delicious - nice and spicy, yet you could still taste the fish! And don't miss out on the Garlic Edamame...you won't be able to stop eating it until it's gone. Now...the second visit. After a lovely visit the first time, a family member decided to have her birthday dinner there. Granted, we had a large party - 10 patrons. This restaurant isn't huge, but it isn't a hole in the wall, either. We had to wait for space (which is completely understandable), but the wait was reasonable and they accommodated us without any problems. However, we watched them wipe down the tables that we would be sitting at, and it was done so poorly that one of the people in the party literally had to get a bar rag THEMSELVES to clean the tables - because when he asked an employee for help, they did nothing. Also, they did not have enough small plates or sauce dishes for our table. Which wasn't a huge deal, but, you would think they would be more proactive about doing dishes on a Saturday night? They also ran out of water glasses, so most of the party didn't have any water until about 25 minutes after being seated. Once again, the food was good - nothing to complain about there, which is good, otherwise I wouldn't even give them 3 stars. The problem was really with the service. The first thing said to us by the server was, "It's going to be fine to put this all on one check, right?" As someone who has spent most of their life in the service industry, I was dumbfounded. Moving on...she really did try hard. A 10-top is a lot of work, as anyone in the restaurant industry knows. Overwhelming? Probably shouldn't be...but it really was on this night. When we first came in, all the tables in the dining room were occupied, and they had several servers handling it. Once we were sat, there were a few other tables and us - but they cut the other servers (or so it seemed - our server was the only one left working the dining room). Why did they leave it to one server to handle 3 tables and a large party? Pitiful planning and it showed. Almost all of the food was correct. Between all of us, we ordered 7 Yellowtail Nigiris. NOBODY at the table ordered yellowtail sashimi. When the orders were read back to us, "Yellowtail Nigiri" is what was read. However, when the first 5 came out - we were given FIVE orders of Yellowtail Sashimi. WOW. That was a lot of food that we didn't order. We pointed out to the server that we had all ordered Nigiri, and she quickly said, "Oh, I'm sorry, it must have gotten mixed up." Then we asked her to make sure that the next two came out as Nigiri, NOT Sashimi. At that point, we hadn't even gotten to the point of being concerned about being well overcharged for something we didn't order. We decided as a group to just eat it and pay for what came out. Until the next two came out as Sashimi, as well. At this time, she then apologized again and stated that we wouldn't be charged for the Sashimi as it was a mixup. Okay, fine - we will deal with it. When the bill came...was the issue rectified at all as promised? Absolutely not. We were charged for 7 orders of Sashimi, when Nigiri is what we ordered.  I think it was roughly a $35-ish difference. On a bill of over $500, I guess it's not that substantial, but it should have been fixed. If only one, or even two negetive things would have happened that night, it definitely wouldn't have been so bad. But between the table, dish & server issues, the off-putting greeting, the order/kitchen mixup, the failure to rectify it, and the disregard for doing so, it was disappointing.
5	Pleasantly surprised. We loved it & will be back soon. The Cougar Roll is incredible!
1	I was there when our tip was turned into $113.  The bill was only $97.58 why would we leave you $113. Now the owner won't even help us out here and is saying his staff would never do this...? Well, looks like they did.  I would warn everyone to check their credit card statements and make sure they are accurate. The food was great! But, totally not worth the head ache of this happening. If you are going to try this place I would advise using cash only. They'll rip you off then deny it. Schuyler, the owner won't reason with you.
3	Sushi is ok.  Tempura is great. The waitress we had was kind of rude throughout the night, tho.
4	Sushi is ok.  Tempura is great. The waitress we had was kind of rude throughout the night, tho.
1	I'd recommend you check you credit card statements and all transactions with this merchant.  I was charged $113 tip on a bill of $97.58.  I wrote $110.58 in the total and after I left, they added $113 to the tip line and changed the 1 to a 2, so the total would be $210.58, instead of $110.58.The owner, Schuyler is not willing to accept the fact, his staff **might** do something unethical like this and insists I left this tip.  He also told me it is common for his staff to get large, gracious tips like this.  It is very disappointing now I have to protect myself by working through the police on fraudulent activity, which costs all of us in the end.
3	Yums: Roasted garlic edamame          Cougar rollNot so yums: Tea is mediocre at bestService is good and very attentive. I am thrilled to have a good sushi restaurant so close. Their rolls are good and inventive and their fish is very fresh.
4	My wife and I make a point to have a Sushi date nite at least once a month. We decided to come here because of our friends recommendations. Boy, we should get new friends! I mean, would a true friend wait to tell you of a great Sushi place? We had a few rolls along with some fresh, (I do mean fresh), fish. I drank my usual unfiltered variety and she indulged in a few Apple martinis. All in all, everyone was friendly and the food better than normal.
2	Really had my hopes up for this place and was super disappointed. Went with my wife and got seated at the bar area; sat there for at least 10 mins before anyone even acknowledged our existence. After placing just a drink order for two beers waited another 15 minutes to get those. The sushi was very mediocre and have had much better. After getting about halfway through our first roll another waitress came over with menus and place settings asking us what we would like to order for drinks somehow she missed we had already been there an hour and was trying to reserve us...That was a first in my book. Just poor poor service at this place.
5	Love it, its a great trendy sushi bar.  The food was excellent and had live music and was very clean.  The waitresses have always been great and for a sushi bar and the price of the food and sake it was really pretty great.
4	I have to say I liked this place overall. I am always skeptical trying new sushi places for fear that I am not going to like anything I order and then pay a fortune for it. A friend and I tried to make the happy hour, but showed up a little late. The menu doesn't have many items on it and there aren't a lot of rolls either, which is a slight disappointment since I like a little variety. But we finally ordered a couple of rolls and some nigiri. We tried the tahoe roll, which I highly recommend and the cougar roll (an odd twist to sushi because it doesn't have any rice in/on it).  The prices were decent, but I wish we would have made it to happy hour. Oh well, maybe next time...
3	The food here is good. The waitstaff....look. I get it. You are trying to be hip and cool with the hot chicks. This is fine. But every time Ive been in, Ive been served by some chick who looks rode hard and dressed a step above streetwalker, in amount and class of clothing. For a place that is trying to be slick and trendy, you think they would want their waitstaff dressing with some class...not faded, too small black leggings and a ratty, faded, worn out tank top with gym shoes that look like they could walk themselves. It is really off putting.
2	I've been to a decent amount of sushi bars around town and I wasn't very impressed by here. I've heard nothing but good things from friends about this place and finally went this weekend for a friend's birthday party. The atmosphere is fine, loud music on a Saturday night wasn't a big deal and the crowd was good. They had a DJ and a little bit of dancing for some of the songs but nothing crazy or annoying. I really don't care about decor, I go to restaurants for the food. I ordered the Vegas roll since someone wanted to split it and its normally a fairly tasty roll. It was such a small roll I ended up ordering appetizers since I split the roll. For $11 the Vegas roll was very small in diameter with small pieces of fish inside and only came with 5 pieces! I wasn't too thrilled about that considering I can get a lot bigger roll with bigger pieces of fish inside at Tokyo Lobby. The appetizers were fair... I ordered the Crab Rangoons and the Pork Gyoza. For Happy Hour the appetizers are a good deal because they each come with a decent amount on the plate. The Crab rangoons had pretty good sized pieces of crab inside which is a nice change but 2 of them had nothing in them, no crab or cream cheese. Overall i'd like to give this place another shot and i'll review again but the first experience as far as food was sub-par.
5	Excellent, excellent sushi and fun people. Great vibe, check it out
3	This is a nice place near my home.  The sushi is decent but not earth shattering.  I like the atmosphere since it is pretty upscale for this corner and it is a nice date place.  The Vegas roll was good and the spicy tuna and yellow tale we OK.  I think I will try some other things here next time even though I enjoy having a little sushi every once in a while.  I hear the happy hour specials are awesome here but haven't stopped in for that yet.  The bar is very hip and I can see a happy hour coming on soon on the patio now that it is cooling off.
5	Loved the atmosphere, excellent music, very cool patrons and staff.  The seaweed salad was excellent!
3	My wife and I love sushi and try to find the best places in the valley.  I would say this place has a good selection of specialty rolls and basic rolls.  They are good across the board especially if you go during happy hour for the price.  I would say it was just good nothing special that stands out from others.
3	A-OK from me.  In case you can't tell from my other reviews, I'm a happy hour type of guy.  This spot has a good one.  Several appetizers and rolls half off along with good drink specials.  Want a quick roll and Kirin and are on the west side?  Come on in.  I must say that I prefer Sakana to this if you are going for dinner with someone special, but looking for some rolls and laughs with a few friends, this is a good place to do it.
5	We frequent this establishment. Always have good service and food. This time however was amazing. Our server was very friendly and outgoing and always ensured we had something to drink. We tried the cougar roll due to others recommending it on yelp - it was the best roll I've had yet. We will be ordering it again as it was quite original and refreshing as well.
2	Had lunch here on a Saturday... The restaurant was completely, which might have been the first red flag. I had the chicken teriyaki bowl and my husband had the beef and broccoli bowl. Although both items came with a choice of soup or salad, the portions of the entrees themselves were on the small side. The beef and broccoli can be described as "just okay" and the chicken on the chicken teriyaki was dry and didn't come with enough teriyaki sauce. We also ordered salmon nigiri which wasn't very fresh and tasted mediocre. We both left the restaurant still hungry. The only saving grace was the customer service.
4	Loved Squid Ink!  They have such unique and interesting specialty rolls that I haven't seen anywhere else.  But they aren't so unique that they taste crazy like some specialty rolls I've had elsewhere.  We had the Dirty Rockstar Roll, which was very spicy but delicious too, Flying Phoenix (had a tasty but almost too overpowering pepper sauce), and my go-to at any sushi spot, Spicy Tuna.  There are at least 6 different house rolls that I MUST go back to try!  My friend and I sat at the sushi bar and had a great time with our sushi chef.  A ton of people ordered the "Cougar" Roll which is wrapped in think cucumber...the chef made at least 7 of them while we were sitting there.  I will be going back for sure!  The only downside I experience was that our waitress didn't come by very often at all and we had to wait quite some time to get drink refills and to even get our bill.P.S.  I almost forgot!  The kitchen is open and right behind the sushi bar.  I don't know what the issue is but they were burning all sorts of stuff on the grill and there were several occasions where I was choking on the smoke.  It didn't look like the hood was above the right spot and so the smoke was filling up the area where we happened to be sitting.  You could even see on the ceiling that it was yellowed.  Will this stop me from coming again?...No, but it definitely might keep me from sitting in the dining area around the sushi bar.
2	My sushi friend and I went for our 2nd sushi meal today and we were incredibly annoyed and dissatisfied by the service and even the rolls.  There were only 4 tables of people in the dining room (one person sitting at the sushi bar) and 1 waitress.  I think there was one hostess as well. When we first walked in at 3 pm, the start of happy hour, we saw a sign that said they'd be closing at 5 for their staff holiday party.  We are attributing this to the horrible service we received thinking they were too busy getting ready for the party and in a hurry to get us out of there so they could enjoy their party.  It took about 3 minutes to be seated (again...there were only 3 other tables of people at the time).  Then once we were seated, we waited about 6 minutes to even get a waitress to come over and get our drink order...and all we ordered was water!  Again, we then waited about 5 minutes to get the water and for someone to come take our order.  Once the person came over, who happened to actually be the bartender, we ordered garlic edamame and told her we were ready to order our sushi.  But she walked away and didn't come back for another 10 minutes or so to take our order.  The garlic edamame were not garlicky at all.  We paid more for the garlic version and there was barely even a hint of extra flavor.  We ordered the Cougar Roll this time after seeing so many people order it.  Not only was it not what the hype made it out to be, but the cucumber was very overpowering and the shrimp was quite fishy tasting.  We also got the Buffalo Chicken rolll, which isn't exactly sushi, but we were unimpressed.  The combo of the sticky rice and the heavy chicken (which were in tempura...yum!) wasn't quite right.  The buffalo flavor only lasted a few seconds b/c the sauce was only drizzled on top of the rolls...I think it would have been soooooo much better if the chicken had been covered in the sauce instead.  Last but definitely the least was the Jibs roll.  I loved the tempura of course and the cream cheese, but it wasn't really that flavorful sadly.  :-(All in all, we paid $40 for our 3 rolls and the edamame and it was way too pricey for the horrible service and the not so tasty rolls.  It was not worth the price or the drive.  I won't be returning at all after this latest experience.  I have way too many other favorite sushi joints closer to my home that I love and experience better service with.
3	Great sushi...when they're serving it. Their website and a sign outside the door advertises happy hour every day from 3-7 and 10-12 and when we went in last night at 10 they told us their kitchen was closed! Get your story straight, please.
2	I have to say, after moving to Arizona a couple of months ago, I instantly fell in love with this place. This particular experience however was not impressive in the slightest. My sister and I had gift certificates here and decided to kick the weekend off early with happy hour. We ordered our usual, and started to dig in. I noticed a small black hair on a piece of rice on my chopsticks. Instead of making a scene like 90% of the population would have done, I simply asked for new chopsticks and a new plate and returned to the rest of my food.The rest of the meal went alright, until my sister noticed a similar looking hair in a piece of avocado. Now I was disgusted, and slightly annoyed. We decided at this point we were finished. I politely pointed out both pieces of hair to the waitress, graciously explained that I understand that these things happen, have worked in the industry for years and insisted everything else was alright.She promptly removed the food when we said we were finished. The check was dropped right after. I understand things happen in restaurants, but was disappointed that we did not receive an apology from management. I don't believe that I'll be back anytime soon
5	Great Sushi Bar, you have to try the Cougar roll!
3	I've eaten here several times now because it's close to my house and the sushi is delicious. The service is hit or miss, I would not go expecting great service.Ok, so the food ... their miso soup is the best I've had, better than Ra, Stingray or Sushi Brokers (which is where I eat most often because they are close to work for lunch).  I really like the fried tofu and green bean tempura appetizers.  I can drag my husband and daughter (not sushi fans) there because they also have teriyaki bowls and a pb&j roll for kids.  For lunch, I usually get the sushi special, which is a spicy tuna roll and a few pieces of nigiri.  I like the spicy crab roll and shrimp tempura roll on the happy hour menu.  I did not like the Philly roll, it was weird and chewy.  I still need to try the spicy salmon roll and California roll.Prices ... about the same as in Scottsdale ... sushi is expensive, which is why I try to eat it for lunch or happy hour.  The happy hour is ok, but a little disappointing.  There are limited rolls available for the 1/2 off special, and you basically have to drink beer if you want to get a good HH deal.  The wine is only $2 off and most of the wines are $8 a glass, so I don't think $6 is a good HH deal.  Also, I ordered a Hana Awaka Sake and I don't think it was included in the HH, which was a little confusing because it was listed right under the wine.Ambiance ... I don't care for the interior it's kind of cheap Ikea looking.  The bar area and outside patio are pretty cool.  I would say more trendy than upscale.
4	It's a little on the pricey side for a west side sushi place, especially considering the place across the street which is much less expensive.  But, the sushi here is better.  It never has that fishy smell that some sushi places have.  The bar tenders and sushi chefs are really nice and chat you up a bit.  The servers are all pretty but could be a little more chatty or attentive.  Not a fan of the live music they have there sometimes, it's a bit loud and annoying when you just wanna eat but it doesn't stop me from going there.  Most importantly, it's a sushi place, and the sushi is pretty darn good.
3	It is OK....pricey and the rolls are smallish. Service is marginal.Outdoor bar is cool....The name is a little odd too. Anything that is excreted from a sea dweller is not associated with being appetizing. How about "fresh fetish" or "the green sea" or "the lovely roll".....probably just me. I never leave this place feeling like my experience was congruent with my bill. I gave this place a 2 star and I went back there with my wife for date night. She wanted sushi and we have few options in Vistancia.  It was better. I was pleased with my evening. Miso soup is good. I went a few times in the first year of business....so they may have been working the kinks out. Need to recognize improvment when it happens.
5	I was impressed!! As you know living in San Francisco your palate gets spoiled especially with all the awesome Sushi bars in the city! We started with drinks:When ordering this particular drink you have to say it with meaning!! HI-YA!!!!! Karate Chop mode! Try it..HI-YA: Raspberry vodka, vanilla vodka, orange vodka, melon liqueur, blue curacao, lemonade and Sprite. It was very tasty! PINK GRAGON MARTINI: X rated liquor, Nigori Sake, Lemon Twist, Triple Sec. Again, can't complain. You should definitely try:  HORY FOOK ROLL Two shrimp tempura and avocado, topped with spicy tuna and fried jalapenosSURF N TURF Shrimp tempura, spicy crab, asparagus, topped with filet mignon, truffle salt, sesame aioli, eel sauce and scallionsDIRTY ROCKSTAR ROLL chopped spicy tuna, habanero, avocado inside, topped with big eye tuna, fresh jalapeno, sweet chili sauce and spicy aioli
4	Awesome atmosphere! Great sushi...the Cougar Roll is incredible! Service at the Sushi Bar was great. However, if you plan on sitting at the bar be prepared to wait for a while until you get service. I waited for about 10-15 minutes to order a drink and some sushi rolls when there were 2 bartenders back there and they weren't even busy. I moved to the sushi bar instead and got great service from both the waitress and the sushi chef.
4	I've been several more times since my first review and just had their grilled chicken wings for the first time.  At happy hour (daily until 7) they are half off so only 4 or 5 bucks for a dozen.They were EXCELLENT.Still stand by Sakana being by far the go-to spot on the west side for sushi.
4	the decor is sleek and modern.  the squid and nancy (fried calamari) and fried green beans are great!  smaller portions (rolls and sushi) than typical and slightly higher prices, but fits the upscale design..even down to the unique plates!!  I have been pleased with the service..it's a great place to meet friends or a large group!
4	We were surprised when we walked in, it was really stylish inside and had great atmosphere - loving the clear chairs! I liked that the place was both family friendly and good for couples. The happy hour was from 3 - 7 pm and features half price apps, cheap beers, and well drinks. We split the pork gyoza (dumplings) as a starter.  I tried the veggie roll which was delicious! (if you like veggie rolls).  My boyfriends'  vegetables with chicken & udon noodles was cooked perfectly, good quality chicken!! Overall I was surprised to find this delicious little spot in this part of town, which appears to be filled with cookie cutter corporate restaurants for the most part.
5	AMAZING!! sushi in not usually my cup of tea so it has to be great for me to indulge in it! Squid Ink is one of the best I've ever had!! Cougar roll, Tahoe Roll, Vegas Roll, Tempura Asparagus Roll, Seaweed Salad, and the chicken wings were all amazing!! the Beignets were a bit hard but still good and hey we didn't come here for fried dough!!  I think i will even get some Squid Ink to go for lunch today!!
3	First off, I am judging this place only as a bar/social gathering spot.  I have not tried much of the food besides the terryachi style chicken n rice, which was decentSometimes, its not the service,staff,atmosphere the kills a place for people..... its the other PATRONS of that place.I just moved here from Michigan, so maybe its a difference in regions, but damn if there are not some immature middle aged people who frequent here.  I went in there a few Fridays back and had the joy of sitting next to the biggest 40 year old guy who was acting like he was still 21 and in a Frat.  It was funny reading another Yelper's comment about this place being a cougar hangout... sure enough, to my left were a group of 3 middle aged ladies trying to ... well, i dunno exactly, I guess hang on to what is left of their "youthfulness"  They were not loud or obnoxious like the Dbag next to me ( who's wife I felt incredibly sorry for).  I took a look around and it seemed the rest of the patrons were of the same caliber.  The few people my age seemed to be somewhat hipster-ishBeer prices were not that great ) (4.25$ for bottle of Guinness)Like I said, I was at the bar area and floated around outside for a second.  If you go for the food and sit at the Sushi bar/dining area with a date or friends..... perhaps its a totally different experience.Bartender girl was fit, gorgeous, and very nice
3	I met a few friends here for a quick happy hour.  I can't really speak much about the food since I didn't really order anything.  I tried my friends garlic edamame and it was well seasoned, but under cooked.  They have a decent happy hour.  I like that they have happy hour until 7pm.  I also tried my friends sushi rolls and they seem ok.  I will probably give them a try again.  Some of their dishes looked interesting.My only issue was that my server forgot to bring my drink.  After she brought everyone else their drink, she forgot about mine.  When I asked her for it, she said "Oh, they didn't bring it to you?"  Who are they?  She was my server...why would anyone else bring it to me.  It's  ok that you forgot...just say so.  :-)
4	The quality of the fish is good.  They also have an awesome happy hour.
5	My new favorite sushi spot!  Great layout, clean, well staffed. Has a great atmosphere from the moment we walked in the door. Friendly server, great sushi and decent prices. GREAT : Miso dumpling soup                Cougar Roll - So different from regular sushi, very refreshing!!!                Phoenix Roll - Pepper sauce was interesting, in a good way!                Tahoe Roll - Yummy, strong crab flavorGOOD :  Kale salad - was recommended by server, not as special as I had hoped for for $8...If you are in the mood for sushi, definitely try this place. Worth the extra drive, we spent an hour in the car for it.
4	Hubby and I decided to head out for a Saturday bait date. We're relatively new to the whole sushi thing as both of us swore for years we didn't like it only to find out we love it. First, any place that has a Saturday night happy hour is A-OK with me. Squid Ink's is 3-7 and 10pm to midnight. Every day. And the deals are pretty good. We were starving so we ordered a few apps and spicy yellow tail rolls which were all half off and I had a glass of Sauvignon Blanc and Hubby had a domestic beer. We were still a little hungry so we got and order of Hory Fook Rolls.The food was excellent. The crab rangoons had HUGE pieces of crabs in them. Huge chunks and the chili gastrique (what does that even mean?) was yummy. The yellowtail melted in my mouth and the Hory Fook was spicy happiness. As for service, we were a little hesitant as it took a whilr for us to first be served. But, once our waitress, Crystal, came by she was spot on. She came by at all the right times. Always right when we needed something and not so often that it killed conversation. She was excellent. All in all our dinner was just under $40 including two drinks each. Nice.
3	So I don't know how sushi is in arizona my husband and I just moved from California coast. There is some awesome sushi there :)The sushi here is ok, I wish it was better some nights it's better than others. What I really come here for is there happy hour appetizers those are great!
2	Been to squid ink a few times and I have to say that it's just average. Not good and not bad, just average. I do like the scene and ambiance and patio and location but not so much on sushi. We recently came for happy hour sushi and ordered California rolls and a Vegas roll and was disappointed. For $11 the Vegas roll was not worth the price. Cheap imitation sushi and dry. Possibly the worse Vegas roll ever. The California roll was dry as well and again cheap imitation crab meat. I will never order sushi here again. The only think I did like was the potstickers. Really good and great value on happy hour. I think I will come back to squid ink for a drink and small finger foods. The service is always good, but I just won't waste my money on their sushi again. After trying them for a few times I don't think it's worth the money. Nice concept here, just needs to improve on their rolls.
5	Fun place
1	Okay, i sooo Badly wanted to Love this place, or at least find it "average", especially since my previous 2 reviews of other restaurants were so negative...so i walk up to this place excited, i've heard good things from people i actually know, not just yelpers... and the place is packed, and i mean, inside and out... Packed.So it must be fantastic, right????....But FML, Cr@p.... Now 3 consecutive negative reviews under my belt (i figure some of you people are gonna start Q'ing my opinions, haha)...With that in mind, i considered holding off on this review until i ate somewhere i loved, that way there wouldn't be 3 consecutive bad reviews.However, if i don't review it now, while the after taste of my "figurative" regurgitation still lingers, then I'm afraid i might go too easy on them, and bump it up to an undeserving 2 stars at a later date... Look, I'm not raciest, however, anytime you see that NONE of the "Sushi Chefs" are Japanese, but instead they're all Mexican or Caucasian ... Run.   ~Just my unsolicited 2 cents.
1	We came here for happy hour wanting to love it. The place wasn't that busy and once we were seated it took nearly 20 minutes for the guy to come over to just get our drink order. After waiting forever we got out 4 rolls and 2 appetizers....not goodSushi is bland. No taste its just like mush. When ordering salmon you expect it to have a clean fresh flavor. Not here everything was very blah. Not very much of a selection on happy hour but we decided to try a variety of different hings but no matter what it was nothing had any flavor at all!Then we couldn't find there server for nearly 30 minutes I had to chase down a hostess just so we could get our bill after asking her for the third time to get our check she finally showed up with it. Do not go here the service is bad and the food stinks!
3	Sushi is ok.  Tempura is great. The waitress we had was kind of rude throughout the night, tho.
4	This place is very trendy, good service and food. We're looking forward to going back to see what the live band nights are like.
2	This place is inconsistent at best.  The first time my BF and I went there, it was amazing.  They had squid sashimi that melted in your mouth, along with many other delightful sushi and sashimi treats.  Then we took my best friend there for dinner.  It was terrible, we ordered a specialty roll that took over an hour to come out and when it did, it looked like vomit on the plate.  The squid sashimi that night was fishy and rubbery- a total letdown.  The waitress also had no idea about what kind of liquor they served.  We ordered sake and she made suggestions that were not only what we asked for, but terrible in quality... I won't be going back.Also- seems to be sort of a hipster bar, but isn't terribly hip in my experience...
5	Happy hour is awesome! My wife loves the cougar roll. I was shocked how much I loved the spicy crab roll, amazing. The yellow tail nigiri was also quite good (as it should be).I came back to my original post and changed form four stars to five. This place gets better every time. Service and food are amazing. AND I am treated really well even though I almost always order happy hour items. Started tipping 25-30% to make it fair.  You can't order happy hour take out.. if I could do that, I'd eat there a lot more. It is a the best sushi place I have been to for kids. My 6 and 4 yo's love it.
1	We were at squid ink last night w our party of 8. They were packed at 5pm. We decided to sit outside being there was a 40 minute wait inside. Its weird how some visits to this place are amazing, the food is wonderful, great service etc etc. Last night our food came out in rare form. Sweet potato fries that had a thread in them and seemed bottom of the batch. Our sushi was good...just small portions of fish, we had a philly roll and spicy salmon. Our Garlic Edamame had 3 Garlic pods. My friend got vegetable tempura which again, looked like small end of the batch pieces...we are on a break as of now from this place. Hit and miss at best.
3	Pretty good sushi, a little pricey.
1	Not a fan. I thought this place was going to have high quality sushi considering the prices and reviews, but I got no such thing. The place was very crowded so service was slow and our waitress neglected us, but when she did come over she was very friendly. Now to the sushi it was really bad. I got 4 pieces of Albacore sushi ($13 can you say over priced!) and it tasted like super market sushi. I also got a California roll and it was made completely out of artificial carb and it coasted $8. The thing that really bothered me out was that the chiefs were putting the receipts  RIGHT ON TOP OF THE FOOD as they waited to be picked up gross...
3	Food was quite decent, no complaints. The cucumber mojito, although a delicious and refreshing cocktail in the past, came out made with flat soda...twice. The bartender was obstinate. Disappointing.  Hopefully a only one time incident...
3	Great happy hour here.  If you are in the area and want to try some sushi rolls and drinks this is the spot.  I enjoyed some Sushi and even went bold and tried the wings.  The waitress informed me they use imitation crab in most of it so I was fine with what I ordered.I am allergic to shell fish so shrimp and crab are a no-no.  I did enjoy the imitation crab meat without ill effects.  So I guess I'm ok going here.  I was not impressed with the rolls however, not really good, not really bad?  I also did try the buffalo wings, but mine seemed overly salty, I did try to eat 3 and drank 2 glasses of water to accomplish that.  I can say I took them home, bathed them in barbecue sauce and that sweetness got rid of the salty.  I did like the cucumber slices in my water and the great outdoor seating.  On a nice day you can enjoy the weather and busyness of the location.  I would go again with an invite, but not on my radar for must eats in the future.
5	Food is absolutely excellent!  I hope you have the pleasure of sitting at the Sushi bar and having Joe create your plate...he is terrific fun and very talented.  My children recommended we try this restaurant, and now we are regulars.  The quality and freshness is always a 10 out of 10.
2	I went in on a Friday evening with a group of 4 including me. After an average 30 minute wait, we were seated inside at a table near the sushi bar. Our waitress was great, refilled our water and asked us how things were plenty. Going there primarily for the sushi, we were disappointed when our sushi was served warm( Philly Roll, California Roll, and a Spicy Tuna Roll) which definitely shouldn't have been warm.. It surely was not fresh.Being that Peoria has limited sushi places, I guess they give themselves the right to have low standards.
1	Went in tonight fully planning on having dinner there, and received some of the worst service I've ever experienced. I sat at the bar, and if I didn't ask specifically for something I wouldn't have received it. Not once was I asked if I was okay, or if I wanted anything else. It was really a joke. I've never not left a tip for service, but today was as close as I've ever got. I will not go back to this establishment again, that was it. I ended up having dinner at 71 Diner, and was pleased I made that choice.
3	This place is ok.  Cool atmosphere and the dishes taste pretty good.  Just a bit expensive for the portion size compared to other favorite places.
5	Great place fit sushi at a great deal. Bartender Brooke was super helpful and knew the menu well. Loved the garlic edamame. Will be coming back again!
5	Hit this place up on a recommendation from a friend whom we were out in Peoria to see. This place was great. We had a sweet server named Ashley, and even though we were sitting at the sushi bar, she was awesome. The sushi chef also answered any questions we had. The sushi rolls were so different, and delicious. Mom had this cougar roll, that was wrapped in cucumber. Overall, amazing services, great food, and if we are out there again we will definitely be going there again.
2	Strange is the only way to sum up my experience.  Upon walking in, we were greeted by a hostess a few cards short of a full deck.  Bless her heart,  I will give more details on her in a moment.  I go for sushi all the time and one great thing about the sushi experience is how guests are ALWAYS greeted by the sushi chefs.  That won't happen here. All doom and gloom and unfriendly....One of the chefs, I can only describe as "sour face".  He comes up later in my review. We were shown to our table where I got to sit on a VERY cracked lucite chair.....thank god I am small, but I still worried about it giving way beneath me.  The menu had an average selection of the "same ol, same ol" sushi rolls.  We decided on the assorted sushi platter.  Nothing exciting.  I did have to send back 2 dirty plates that still had rice baked on them.  After we placed our order, I made a quick trip to the ladies room to wash my hands.  As I passed the hostess, l noticed her fully engaged in writing on some paper, as got closer, I saw that she was really drawing stick people with a thick blue marker.   Like something a 5 year old would do.  OK!  Didn't know quite how to process that. But moving on.  After I returned to the table, we heard another party yelping at the table behind us.  Talking about a cougar roll.  So we added it to our order. Our disappointing assorted sushi  platter came.  For $22.00 I expected better.  The quality was eh...  Rubber octopus.....squishey room temperature eel, fake crab.Then the cougar roll came, $14.00 for imitation crab in a cucumber slathered with sweet chili sauce.  I dont get it?  But others liked it.  I had also asked for fresh wasabi, I was brought the portion size of one teaspoon. No kidding.  I am not doubting it was fresh, but it was mixed with something else because it was really liquidy?  It was ok.  However, it was not worth the extra $2.00 charge.  The waitresses was stunned we were charged for it, and although we didn't dispute the charge, she thought it was unfair enough to take it up with old "sour face".  He was totally rude to her and was irritated she challenged the extra charge.Our waitresses was the only good thing about the whole place.  Over priced, average food.  A total, DNR, Do Not Return.  I am surprised this place has such high ratings?  I would not revisit, there are far better places for sushi.
1	I have been here before and decided to order take out. We ordered about 4 rolls, soup, and curry. The lady that took our order read it back to us and said it will be ready in 30 minutes, which seemed like a long time. We waited and got there and was told to pay at the bar. We stood at the bar for about 20 minutes and we know the bar tender saw us. She took other orders, gave tickets, made drinks before even asking us. She then could not find our order and then continued to place orders, make drinks. Then a manger walked by and she came to us and asked what we had ordered and when. She stated well I can remake it. I went over how long we have been waiting and she said ok I can give up 50% off. I was outraged that she expected us to wait another 30 minutes for 50% off. You guys need to step up. If you are that busy get more help.
1	Sushi was mediocre and our waitress was incredibly rude. It was a Saturday night and they had a guy singing on guitar that was so loud no one in our party could talk to each other. Would not come back here or recomend this restaraunt.
4	Maybe I'm not hip enough. Vey trendy for the burbs andlooks like a popular place.  Indoor and outdoor bar, large patio etc.  Sushi was good but probably not gonna be a regular. Just wasn't feeling it. Great location and easy to find. Try it. It may be your new fav.
4	I love this place! The sushi and drinks are amazing and you can't beat the half off sushi and certain drinks during happy hour! Only thing I don't like is they don't serve sushi after midnight......
4	There are not many restaurant choices in this area so Squid Ink satisfies that sushi craving! I order carry-out more often than dining in and service is usually quick and food is decent. Happy hour is very good as long as you prefer the less creative rolls. I recommend it but it is a little pricey for the quality.
2	I would have given more stars but service was yuck and the food did not make up for it. Went in for happy hour with our boys on Saturday night, not busy inside at all- a bit busy on patio but more than enough staff to cover it all. The waitress was either right out of high school or still in high school.. She was about as bright as a dim light bulb when the power is about to go out. She took our order and took a joke my husband made as serious and we has to correct her before she walked away. Then she brought my beer in a bottle and didn't even bother to ask if I wanted a glass with it... Really? And then (just to spare you the other silly details of her inexperience) my husbands sprite was empty and he also has a water-- she started to re-fill the sprite glass with water, even though they put cucumber and lemon in ALL their water glasses... Ummmmm.  Ok-- I was about done.. Then we asked for the check and it took like 10 minutes to get it-- again-- still not busy. Food was good, nothing special to write home about-- good sushi, good HH prices.. Good appetizers.. Just with they would hire some more competent staff.
4	Nice place...we usually eat at the sushi bar.  Great sushi....We come here quite a bit and have always had great service. The regular bar area is always crowded.  A big happy hour crowd.  Love this place!
3	Have been here about 10 or so times and food is good.  Would give 4 stars but service tends to be very inconsistent which is a an important part of the experience.  Would say overall just seems the service staff could be a little more friendly and welcoming.  And sometimes a little more knowledgeable about the wine and beer as well as the food menu.
2	I've been coming here for two years now and I don't know why. I know why but I can't say....The food is average at best.  Happy hour is a decent deal if you don't mind how loud the bar can get with all the regulars yelling across the bee from the outside. I always get the sashimi and the freshness or the quality of cuts are NEVER consistent. Must be"grumpy face" from another review. Thank God I'm moving from this area and won't have to rely on this place.
4	Pretty good and very reasonable during happy hour.  I had calamari, pot stickers, and shrimp roll for $12 plus tip. THat is pretty good price.  The calamari is among the best in the west valley.  The shrimp roll was good.  The pot stickers were a little over cooked. Service was decent.
5	I came on a Sat night, was nice to see happy hour on from 10 to midnight.  Bar was decently busy, had a guy playing guitar on patio, had a nice vibe.  I sat @ bar, ordered the wings and shrimp tempura roll.  Bartender was very attentive and filled my water like 4 times, which I appreciated.  Food seemed to take about a little longer than normal, but im just an idiot for not getting some garlic edamame for $2 first.  So the wings here are amazing!  Love the grill/char flavor, and the spices from whatever they cook those wings in stay on your lips for a few minutes after you eat them.  Extremely flavorful bites.  Used the tangy ranch sauce with every bite too.  I would give these wings 5 outta 5 stars, and for only $4 for 10, its easily my new favorite place for wings.  At a sushi bar too, go figure.  And oh yeah, the shrimp tempura roll was good.  But did I mention the wings here are awesome?
3	The sushi is really good! Its a lil pricey but ive seen worse. The staff always looks like they want to shoot themeselves though! There never super friendly or welcoming which is ashame because this place could have such good potential.
5	I went here for happy hour and had a blast. Happy Hour was from 3-7 and the prices were very cheap on the HH menu. We started off with the sweet potatoes fries, which were very tasty. We had the chicken wings and the 3 different sushi rolls and 3 dollar well drinks. The service was good and the bathrooms were clean and overall a great experience. I would defiantly go back for Happy Hour.
4	Miso soup is loaded with mushrooms and tofu, it has a peppery taste. It was very good. Sushi was good! We had the Pokemon roll and a lunch combo.
5	We were VERY impressed with the food and service. Gracie offered first class service, attentive but not overwhelming, friendly not gushing....professional yet personal. The wings were excellent, The fried green beans were cooked and seasoned perfectly. Sushi always fresh and a huge favorite. With each visit, we find new favorites.D.G. White, Peoria, AZ
4	We really like this place. Amazing happy hour prices, nice atmosphere and good tasting sushi that has never been anything but fresh for us. They have everything from the regular California rolls all the way to the decked out rolls and everyone we have tried has been really good. Service has been a little iffy a few times we have gone but this is my only complaint.
2	We use to love this placeThe service has gone  downhill, quality of the food, and dirty dishes makes for a poor experience. If your just looking to have a beer than your ok
5	I am from San Francisco, CA and every corner has sushi. Not a fan, that is until Squid Ink. Delicious is not a strong enough adjective to describe the food and cocktails,(try their Mojito,had 4) Everything was yummy. New favorite, the Vegas Rolls. Dipped in Tempura baste and fried. OMG! Next trip screw the diet and it Mojitos and Vegas Rolls. The server was so adorably delightful and patient. Best nights to go is when live music is playing, Fridays I believe. Unless you prefer Happy Hour, (who doesn't need a drink after work?) Bring your Sushi-phobic friends, they'll thank you.
4	Been here quite a few times.  I'm not a seafood eater so I can't rate the sushi but the edamame, teriyaki chicken, and beef yakisoba are all awesome.  They have a good happy hour for saki bombers too!
3	Sushi is good but the customer service sucks like wow it was bad! Our waiter was just bad I guess because the other lady doing the other tables kept coming back all the time ours was just bad food didn't take long but he only refilled our waters once in our whole 60$ meal. He also didn't bring us napkins till after we ate when I asked for them twice before that time. Sushi is good!
5	This is my new spot I absolutely love this place EVERYONE should go there twice a week
2	Bad service. Food is uninspired. Not a fan. They brought my dinner out first with our appetizer. My dates dinner was brought out 30 minutes later. No explanation as to why. Teenage employees who don't care about customer service basically run this place.
4	Really enjoyed the food and atmosphere here! My first time coming in so I was a little intimidated, but the staff is very friendly and the food is delicious. One of the sushi chefs behind the bar struck up a small conversation with me. I had the miso soup and spicy tuna rolls - both were very tasty! If never quite had proper sushi before, just a California roll, but I have to say I'm addicted now! The miso soup was also my first taste of tofu and I enjoyed that as well. The restaurant overall is very clean and nicely decorated, and the bar is lovely, with all of the fish up for display. It's nice and light and airy inside, with a cool modern scheme. I'll definitely be coming back sometime soon, and I've been thinking of making it a weekly trip! Highly re conned this place for lunch or dinner!
1	Sushi was below average and customer serviced sucked, the worst I ever had. I thought I was in an episode of Bar Rescue, waiting for Jon Taffer to come in a rip the staff because they were goofing off. Plus, it took an average of 20 minutes just to make one sushi roll, and it wasn't even packed. If you want better sushi, better customer service, and a better atmosphere, you need to go to Kabuki in West Gate! This is my first and last time going there, it was a joke!
3	We have eaten here several times and always had a great experience. This experience began as one of the worst. We walked into the restaurant at about 9:30 pm and went straight to the sushi bar to eat, as usual, and we were soon rudely greeted by the hostess who said "for future reference you have to wait at the front to be seated" and she threw down the menus and left. There was nobody at the front to tell us we needed to wait to be seated, which is why we walked straight to the sushi bar to sit. About 5 minutes passed and we were actually talking about leaving when the same hostess came back and handed us waters, said nothing and left. Shortly after we were greeted by a very friendly waitress who took our drink order and then another waitress came over to take our food order. Both were extremely polite and friendly. Our food and drinks arrived in a timely manner and the sushi chef was awesome. Our first impression and greeting was horrible and I would give that part of our experience a single star, but everything after that was great and deserves five stars, so I am averaging this visit as three stars!
4	Second favorite sushi place but #1 for Happy Hour and patio dining.  Great prices and tasty options though their Happy Hour menu has been reduced.  Nice place to stop by if you are in the area.  Recommend lunch or Happy Hour, dinner is noisy and busy.
5	We love this place. Great atmosphere, fun drink menu and great sushi! Happy hour is also a great time to check out Squid Ink! It is a little busy but we have always been taken care of!
2	This place has average sushi,  although the Cougar Rolls are very different and delicious. The service here is always just okay. Make sure you don't sit by the windows here - you will be pestered by fruit flies your entire meal. This place has tons of them and it is disgusting. They are the worst in the corner window seats. I wish this place would do something about them...
3	The food at Squid Ink is consistently outstanding. But the service has progressively been getting worse and worse. Not too long ago we were eating outside, out of drinks, waiting to order more. The waitress was a few tables away, looking at guests pictures that they were showing her for a good 10 minutes. When my boyfriend expressed that he was a bit upset that she took so long she replied that those people were regulars so she could not just leave. The time after that, service was a bit slow but the waitress was very nice. When we notifies her that the garlic edamame (our favorite that we order every time)  was so salty that we can't eat it, she offered to "rinse" it off for us. I'm not sure how good edamame would taste once it's"rinsed" so we declined, still finding the dish on our bill.Yesterday we planned dinner there with friends. We were seated after only 10 minutes. An older couple next to us got up from their table, told the waiter that they are leaving because the waited over 20 minutes, had 2 drinks finished  and still no food. Instead of apologizing the waiter argued with them and made excuses so they left, very upset.  I figured after that scene they would surely take care of us to avoid more upset guests. The waiter walked past us several times, ignored us trying to get his attention and looked away as soon as we made eye contact. Mind you, at this point, there were several empty tables and the restaurant was not as busy as I've experienced before. After 15 minutes of not even putting in a drink order, we also got up and walked out. The hostess tried to avoid conflict, apologized but did nothing to make the situation better. So we went across the street to Doraku were they were so friendly and on top of everything that they made up 100% for the bad experience at Squid Ink. We are torn because the food at Squid Ink is so delicious, but we don't know if we can deal with the lack of service again.
5	I love everything at Squid Ink! You can't beat their happy hour!! Love it come here all the time!!!
4	Great atmosphere!  They have a decent happy hour with some sushi rolls offered at half price.  I had the sashimi salad and it was delicious.  I will definitely come back!
5	I come here almost weekly this is our go to sushi spot. The best happy hour in town!
2	This location use to be good. Boy has it gone down hill since the City Scape location opened. Did take out today ordered dinner size chicken teriyaki asked for extra sauce and was told it would be ready  in 15 mins. It took about 35 and I got the lunch size and no teriyaki sauce on my food with a little cup of it on the side. The dine in experience is bad as well takes for ever to get your food. So don't have plans to go any where after at a specific time you'll miss it with there slow service
5	Oh man, always the best sushi in the west valley!  My two favorite sushi places in the world are Blue Sushi in Omaha, NE and Squid Ink.  Love the art, music, vibe, food & everything about this business.  Im usually one to stick to one favorite item on the menu but I know when I eat here I can order something new and I will love it.
4	Great Happy Hour prices!  There are select rolls on Happy Hour but we were able to find a few from those options that we were happy with.  We had a California roll, spicy crab and shrimp tempura.  All were very fresh and flavorful.  My fav was the spicy crab.The kids split the chicken teriyaki kids dish and I was plenty...With an added bonus of ice cream at the end.  The edamame app was a great size to share...we got two orders bad probably would have been ok with one...although for $2 each we grabbed two!  We may have found our new happy hour place!
3	I would give 2 stars but the food is good. Service is terrible slow. Went on a Saturday night took 15-20 minutes to get our beer.  Our server forgot to put in our appetizer and it came just before our meal. The mgr did comp it for us, but still, was surprised the server never checked in with us.  They brought my husbands meal from the kitchen 20 mins prior to our rolls being served, his meal was cold by the time we ate.  He ordered a second beer and they advised him they only had warm glasses and asked of that would be ok.... I come back because the food is good, but the service needs some help!
2	Ordered the surf and turf roll, tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll, pot stickers, and coconut curry chicken. First, the ambience is meant to look trendy. All of the female staff wear very tight fitting clothes. The happy hour prices are a good deal, however are only good if you dine in. Extra $$ was added to our bill for our food being take out during happy hour. Nothing feels better than getting nickel and dimed, SMH. The curry tasted like it was made with mayo. The surf and turf was drenched in mayo. The tuna roll was ok. The potstickers were ok. The shrimp tempura roll was good.  If your looking for a place that is trying to be the cool hangout, which means your surrounded by people who are trying very hard to be cool, then this is your place. If you want good sushi i would suggest doraku across the street.
5	Our first visit... Love!  Great food and atmosphere.  Staff was friendly and efficient.  Came with my young girls... PB&J sushi rolls?  AWESOME!
5	This place has great sushi for a good price. Great selection of wine. Best crab rangoons anywhere! I recommend the hory fook roll.
5	Excellent starters and sushi . I'm coming back tomorrow morning for bloody Mary's and fresh mimosas. Customer service was good and the patio had a good vibe.
1	Didn't even get a chance to try it. WeWe're told open seating on the patio, so we sat, and waited 10 minutes until I had to stop a server and ask for menus. She sat three other people and never brought us menus. We walked out. Really wish we had better service because it sounds like the food is great.
3	I've eaten here about a dozen times in the past year. The food is consistently very good. The service is consistently bad. When I say bad, I mean they are not attentive. My gf and I just went on 10/3/14. We were there for an hour and a half! It took 10 minutes to get a Kirin light. We made the mistake of telling the server we needed a few more minutes to order our food. She comes back no sooner than 10 minutes later.When the food came, we didn't have any ramekins to put our soy sauce and wasabi in. I had to get up and go ask a random server for someOur daughter decided she needed a knife to cut her chicken with and some extra teriaki sauce. No sign of our waitress 10 minutes after our food arrived. I had to get up and go ask a a random server for teriaki and a knife.Waited another 15 minutes to get the check and ice cream for kids.We will not be back. We are taking our business to Sakana.
3	Happy hour Heads up at Squid Ink PeoriaBe aware that if you order a well cocktail( gin in my case) "on the rocks" it will  costs $1.75 more than ordering just a " well gin"Got the bill corrected after a lecture from the manager how to properly order a happy hour well cocktail.Been at happy hour at this place over two dozen times and was never upcharged for a happy hour well drink.Made for an unhappy hour!!!
2	OH DID I WALKED INTO HOOTERS!! The food is great here, DESPICABLE I had to witness the CLICKY group at the bar having personal time and getting their hair into the food, waitresses showing their boobs...is so degrading to use it as part of your business model...Specially bringing my kids!! Will not come back for sure!!
5	I love this place! Our food is always consistent and really good and we love the staff!
5	Great sushi bar. Love the service. We are in there three to four times a month. The service is awesome. My wife left a book there and when we came back in a week or so, the server remembered her and retrieved the book. The server loved the book so much, we let her keep it to read. My kids also love this place too.
2	Here for lunch with group of 6. Waitress brought 2 miso soups, took a bit of time and brought 2 more, and several minutes later brought the last one. Same with the entrees. Brought out 5, and most of us were half finished before final order arrived. We even asked about it. Waitress very confused and said The last item had just gone in. No apologies, no nothing. Terrible service. So-so food.
5	Food tastes very fresh and prices seem very fair.  Good service as well.  Can be a bit loud inside but outside is very nice if the weather allows.  Patio has heaters as well.
