3	Prior to Sunnyslope's Art Walk, I decided a drink was in order.  After all, what's the point of walking without drinking.  Otherwise, I would be driving the Art Walk and then they would have to change the name to Art Drive and no one would go.  So Central Grille with it's generous parking fit the bill.We sat on the patio which is quite nice, once the table with the screaming brat exited.  By then, I really needed that drink.  They have a great happy hour with $5 glasses of house wine, $3.50 well drinks and import or draft beer.  The house wines were not appealing to me, but all of their wine prices are quite reasonable, although the by-the-glass selection is limited.We ordered two appetizers at only $5 each.  However, they were small, so definitely order more than one unless you're the girl that never eats in front of your guy.  I'm not that girl.  We had the artisan cheese plate and the fig jam crostini.  The cheese plate included a blue cheese, a goat cheese, and a third soft cheese (some kind of cream cheese).  The cranberry-walnut bread was a nice touch, even if the cheeses were somewhat ordinary.  The fig jam crostini was so crazy delicious though with carmelized onion and melted gorgonzola as well.My husband wanted dinner, but since I didn't think there would be sofas along the art walk, we opted to have only an entree, no side dishes.  I went with the stuffed salmon.  The stuffing was made with crab meat.  Unfortunately, the salmon was undercooked around the stuffing.  Had I been resting after dinner instead of walking, I might have actually sent it back, something I rarely do.The happy hour portion of service was actually a little slow considering the restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived, but our server was friendly.  All in all, an enjoyable time.
5	If you are ever having a bad day and want to get treated like the president, head on over to Central Grille. Seriously. Both times I have been here (Once for Sunnyslope Art Walk and once for Happy Hour with a girlfriend) the entire staff is friendly and extremely attentive. They will sit down and chat with you, bring you extra bread and are always right there with refills. The eggplant appetizer is an absolute winner. I think there are about ten pieces of delicious fried eggplant with mozzarella and marinara sauce... all for $7..I also enjoyed the cheese plate. It is $5 on happy hour special and comes with three big slices of cheese (I believe there was a blue, Gouda and one other type) along with bread. They serve Iily Coffee and Espresso and it is a strong cup! Pair it with one of the really, REALLY tasty desserts! I cannot remember the name of what I had, but I think it was called something layered. It was similar to tiramisu and you got your own side of warmed chocolate to drizzle over it. My mouth is watering thinking about it!!The inside is kind of a tamed down version of Durant's, but the outside patio is amazing. They have cute lights up and wicker chairs with comfy seat pads. When the weather is nice you can sit out there for hours! As a bonus, you can hear the live music from the patio even though they play inside. They also have a large variety of Happy Hour appetizers for $5... My friend really enjoyed her tacos! The $5 House Wine and $3.50 well drinks are also an awesome way to compliment your tasty appetizers. I'm super stoked that Central Grille is right off of the canal because I can ride my bike there (its a 2 mile ride from my house - score!).  I love this new addition to the 'Slope!
3	Central Grille has been slow to grow on me, but it's getting there. I have not had the pleasure of enjoying a full meal from Central Grille, but I have had many drinks and appetizers from there. The staff is always friendly even laughing at some of the rowdy subject matter from conversations with friends. I feel that they're aiming for a Rat Pack lounge  type of vibe in the bar area, but they're just a bit off when it comes to the music. One evening there was a little old lady playing the piano, another time it was a guy strumming a guitar and singing very boring music. The bar area would be a cool spot to hang all night but the music kills it at times.I have tried a few of the appetizers which were a-ok, but one thing that was ordered that was AMAZING was the au gratin potatoes. YUM! I highly suggest you try them. Try them by themselves! You won't be sorry.I hope to visit Central Grille again soon to try their other menu offerings
4	WOW!The service here was outstanding!Everyone in the entire place seemed to smile, work as a team, and generally do everything and anything possible to make sure me and my family had a great time.And the food was great too!-1 star for a the music/interior.  It was almost like rat pack cool type of vibe, but then there was a kinda creepy lady on a piano playing old people music.  I didn't mind it, but my family remarked multiple times they thought it was creepy.  *Shrug*
4	We went to Central Grille on Thanksgiving for their buffet.  Good food, excellent service and very nice ambiance.  We asked to sit outside and the weather was great for it.  Great place to sit back, relax and enjoy some food.  While I didn't drink they had a pretty good wine and beer list.  I will go back, enjoyed the experience.
4	Cool place. Live piano is a nice touch. Will be really cool once they open the patio and get a little busier. Drinks are reasonable - menu is simple but good. Try the blue cheese wedge salad ( made with mini heads of lettuce).
4	I love love love their happy hour specials.  The atmosphere is really cool and the bartenders and waiters are really great.  Every time I go in there I feel really welcomed.  I suggest the steak tacos and the calamari.
3	I have never written a negative review but unfortunately I think this place needs to get it together. It is in a location that never seems to be successful. I drug my husband over excited to try it and hoping to see an improvement. No such luck. No vegetarian entree, not really kid friendsly, small portions, pricey. Not what we were looking for in an evening. Love to support new restaurants but wont be back. Hope they figure it out and make it work.
2	WOW.  I've been once for dinner and was completely disappointed from start to finish.  I couldn't believe the manager was wearing baggy golf shorts and flip flops.  The waiter looked so upset when we didn't want a wine list and whispered something to another waiter and they stared at us as if we were losers.  Food not so good especially the presentation.I live in the area, but would not go back or recommend.
