4	I really like Chipotle's food. It tastes very fresh, by any standards(which is more than some "quick service" restaurants can say). I also appreciate the fact that they have higher standards in their ingredients, using meats and dairy products that aren't laden with hormones and other not-so-tasty extras. Just a tip: DON'T go to this location over the lunch rush. pretty much from 12:00 to 1:30 it is a MADHOUSE. Open parking spots are sparse, and sometimes non-existent. The last time I braved a lunch hour, every seat in the house was packed. I ended up at the window counter, elbow to elbow with a teenager who didn't realize that she was right next to her companion, not across the street from him. My burrito was good, but the screaming sort of drowned out any possible food bliss.
1	On the whole, I'd give the Chipotle chain a solid three and a half stars. The burritos are big, the food is dependable, it's easy to customize, and things are surprisingly tasty for being a subsidiary of McDonald's. The reason this review gets one star is the horrible customer service and a fairly major flub on their part. This location is fairly busy, so I placed my order online so I could just go in and pick it up. I ordered a vegetarian burrito and chips & guac. Started with some chips, then moved on to my burrito. Took a bite and got a mouthful of chicken - not so pleasant when you order a VEGETARIAN burrito. Now, I'm not a vegetarian, but I'm not a super-big fan of meat, especially when I'm not expecting it to be there. If I was a vegetarian, I'd have been pissed. The receipt said veg and the wrapper had my name written on it, so I should have been reasonably confident that my burrito was not going to contain meat. I'm fairly easy-going, so if my burrito had otherwise been what I ordered, I would have just sucked it up and gone with it - I'd already driven there once. Unfortunately, it wasn't - whatever combination of fillings they put in the burrito was really unappealing to me.My unexpected meaty mouthful put me off my appetite for a burrito, so I decided to just finish my order of chips & guac and call it a day. I was meeting friends shortly and I didn't have time to drive back to Chipotle, wait in line while they made me another burrito, then eat. I needed to gas up the car, so I decided I'd just bring the burrito back for a refund and go to the gas station across the street. Upon my return, I went up to the register and explained to the cashier what happened. She was very apologetic and did her best to help me out - five stars for her. She went in the back to talk to the manager, and came back to offer to remake the burrito correctly since chicken and veggie burritos cost the same. I politely told her no thank you, and that I just wanted my money back. She disappeared into the back again, and came back to tell me the manager would be out in a minute. By the time the manager finally came out front, about 15 minutes had passed since I first talked to the cashier. This should have been a quick in and out. While at the register, the manager completely ignored me. Literally. No eye contact. I had expected her to ask me why I was returning my food and maybe offer in some way to "make it right" - at the very least an apology and maybe something more along the lines of a coupon/free drink/etc, seeing as how I had to come in twice, she kept me waiting forever, and, you know, I had been served meat in a vegetarian entree. Nope. She didn't say a single word to me and didn't so much as give me a glance. She inspected my burrito to make sure I wasn't making it up, fumbled with the cash register for a few minutes, then handed me my cash with a "thank you" and walked away - all very huffy and like it was a huge burden for her to push a few buttons on the cash register. There is no shortage of burrito places in town, including other Chipotle locations, so I doubt I'll be motivated to come back to this particular location ever again.
3	Personally I find Chipotle, Qdoba, and Panchero's to all be roughly equivalent.  This place happens to be reasonably close to my work and I go there on occasion.  Probably will go there more now that Panchero's has closed.Anyhow, pretty decent stuff, with the exception that once or twice I have gotten a nice helping of crunchy rice.  Nothing ruins a burrito like undercooked rice.  I have to agree with another reviewer that going during the lunch rush can be a little stressful.  There are very few seating places (get it to go instead) and the parking situation pretty much sucks, but the line does move quickly.
5	Fastest Chipotle I've ever been to. Burrito could've used a bit more guac, but that's just me. Food was great as always and service was fast and efficient.
2	I'm a Chipotle fanatic,  I got hooked on them outside of Wisconsin, and was super happy to discover this location when I returned to the Madtown area.However, as others have noted, this location is far from perfect.  For starters, it's always quite packed, especially at the lunch hour.  Lines that extend outside of the building and onto the sidewalk are not uncommon, especially during weekdays from like 11:20am until around 1:00pm.Chipotle is known for high quality ingredients, and this location doesn't disappoint when it comes to quality.  Quantity, however, leaves much to be desired.I have eaten here at least 20 times over the past year (I work about 100 yards from this location), and with every single visit I have had to add the phrase, "could you do a little more?" to every single thing I've asked for.Ordering a salad bowl?  You'll have to ask for "a little more" of the lettuce, chicken, and veggies.  Ordering a burrito bowl?  You'll definitely have to request "a little more" of the rice, meat, and veggies.Ordering a burrito?  Guess what?  Yep - more, please.I'm not sure why, but this location seems to half-fill a traditional scoop, plop it onto your order and then attempt to quickly shuffle you over to the next station.  It's really frustrating, especially when you're trying to order 8-10 dishes for co-workers... you're literally repeating "more, please" for each dish.And, what's up with charging an extra $1.80 for 1-1.5 tablespoons of guacamole?  Really?To sum it up, I'm pretty certain these issues are specific to this location.  I've dined at Chipotles from San Francisco to San Antonio to Washington DC, and most are super stellar.  This location; however, is quite subpar.  Primarily because of the stingy servings, the lackluster service, and the nickel-and-diming of repeat customers.Chipotle on Old Sauk = Super MEHFood = 3.5 stars (great for fast food)Value = 2.5 starsService = 1 star (you'll ask for more at each station)MISC = 1 star (super busy, no parking, very loud inside)Given the option, I'd hit La Bamba on Gammon.  It's about 1.5 miles away, and you won't be begging for a reasonable amount of toppings/fillings.
5	So... I hear a lot of people compare this place to Qdoba and to that I say, "ARE YOU CRAZY." Yes yes they can be quite similar in some ways but I disagree completely that the two are THAT close. I love this chipotle because they always seem to have the freshest ingredients and more-so than other locations. The bang-for-your-buck at Chipotle is much better than any other fast-food restaurant like it. The thing I like about this location is, well, its location. It is easy to get to in a small strip-mall type area and its right next to some other excellent stores. #1 most enjoyable aspect about this location is the employees. They have always been extremely energetic outrageously polite, and attentive. Ive never experienced a messed up order or poor quality. It has always been great for me. They are always excited to see the next person it seems like. They are also very efficient. I have been in here with a line of 7-10 ahead of me but have always been in and out within 30 mins.
2	Stopped-by for lunch today, and once again, the theme of the visit was, "more please."  (or, if you'd rather: Mas por favor)Ordered a chicken salad bowl... one micro-handful of lettuce, a tiny scoop of chicken, a shot-glass of pico, and a huge ladle-full of hot salsa does not a great $7 salad make.  Or maybe they know I'm trying to drop some weight this month?And it's not just me... the guy in front of me had to ask for "more" at least half-a-dozen times.  When he asked for guacamole and they told him it was going to be a $1.80 charge, he said, "fine."The kid dropped a "spot" of guac about the size of a 50-cent piece onto the guy's burrito and started wrapping it up.  The guy in line looked at the kid and said, "Wait - that's it?  That's $2 worth of guacamole?"  The kid said, "Did you want more?"The guy said, "You didn't catch on to me asking you for more the first 5 times?"Ugh.I think this location has permanently turned-me-off to Chipotle.  It's too much work...
3	Better thank QDoba in a lot of ways, just not in locations.  As a fast food joint, it's one of the better ones.  The brown rice is a great addition.
5	Best fast food burritos in town. Pancheros doesn't touch this place. Adobe is a close second. Go with the Barbacoa.
2	My wife is in love with Chipotle, and I am in love with Qdoba.I've tried to explain the difference to people, and I am bombarded with "They are the same this"!My response to this obviously is, "False!"So, my wife and I found ourselves venturing over to Middleton, and since it was around 11:30, we were hungry. She spotted this particular Chipotle, and being the great husband that I am, I agreed.A very bad life choice on my part. I ordered a simple steak burrito. Got all the fixing's on it. Looked for some awesome hot sauce like Qdoba has....left with Tabasco Sauce....No Thank you!My burrito lacked flavor. The Steak Sucked! It was chewy, and fatty. Not a good cut of meat. I found myself picking up my napkin multiple times, and spitting the steak pieces out.No Queso sauce!!!!!!!!!!I repeat, No Queso!I get the whole eat healthy thing Chipotle has going on......"would you like brown rice", but honestly...."No, I want white rice, and I want some Queso". I'm not a total fatty. If I'm paying $8/$9 for a burrito, It better be great!Also, I believe that nothing is better than Cholula hot sauce. It's the best. This is something only offered by Qdoba.I gave this Chipotle a chance and it failed miserably. No thank you Chipotle.I'll stick with Qdoba!
1	Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me fifteen times...why do I bother?Project team wanted lunch from Chipotle, so I obliged and ordered online (which was actually quite convenient and very intuitive). Went to pick up the food (dodged the long line thanks to ordering online), and it wasn't quite ready. No biggie.Took the orders back to the office, opened the various bowls and wraps, and... blah.I thought I had "fixed" my woes of skimpy portions by ordering (and paying extra for) double barbacoa on my salad. What I received was about 2-3 ounces of barbacoa (and I measure nearly everything I eat, so I am familiar with portion sizes), maybe 1/4 cup of black beans, maybe 1 cup of lettuce, a huge ladle of salsa, and - seriously - 4 thin slices of bell pepper and 2 slices of onion (the fajita veggies).$9 for that? Ugh. Seriously - no more Chipotle for me. One person on my team accused me of eating part of his salad - he said it was "quite light."I'm not looking for monster portions by any means. But when you find more lettuce on a Subway sub than you do in a salad from Chipotle, something's amiss.
3	I split a burrito bowl with the S.O.  We get the brown rice, black beans, double chicken, fajita veggies, several salsas, and guac.  It was more than enough for both of us, and for fast food, it doesn't get much more healthy than that.  This specific location would benefit from more umbrellas outside: there are plenty of tables and ONE umbrella. It's not brain surgery, folks.
5	With 2 teenage boys we eat a lot of burritos. We are closer to Pancheros and frequent Qdoba because of location but hands down Chipotle is the best. No comparison. The ingredients are just better and in over 100 visits we have been disappointed once on an overcooked quesadilla that they redid. Whole grain rice has been a nice addition.
4	It's fair to say I'm a regular here. The service is always fast and efficient with a smile. My favorite is a Chicken bowl. It is always tasty. I sometimes get chips with guacamole. Their guacamole is delicious and always fresh.
4	This is the BEST Chipotle location in the Madison area. Seriously, they are SO fast. The portions are huge and the place is always clean.I know Chipotle is a chain but I can honestly say that this location elevates that status. It has a gorgeous, well-kept patio. The staff is friendly and they are always ready for any special requests I make.
4	I've been going to Chipotle for years (I even lived near its very first location!) and have thoroughly enjoyed their burritos. I even contacted the company to argue for a location to be brought to my old college campus. So I will happily refer someone to head over to any nearby Chipotle for a good take on your classic mexican/american burrito. As you may tell this review is for Chipotle in general and not any individual location (though I have gone to this one).My order typically is: chicken burrito with extra white lime rice, black beans (sometimes a little extra), green salsa, chunky tomato salsa, sour cream, cheese, lettuce, guacamole, and I think the chipotle tabasco hot sauce is an excellent addition every other bite or so. Also, just get a cup for water and squeeze in some lemon juice and a couple packs of cane sugar for a refreshing fresh squeezed lemonade. Skip on the soft drinks and save them for somewhere else.
5	This is the best Chipotle location in Madison! Their food is always fresh, the staff are always friendly, and the place is always clean.
