4	Stopped by here on my last day of my 3day Las Vegas Trip! All sale items were an additional 50% off!Normally with sale items you do not expect to find anything worthwhile or anything in your size basically.Four of us came in here and we all left with numerous items! I scored 2 dress shirts, a tie, and a button down shirt for under $90!Can't beat great prices, great selection, and great service!
5	My favorite solo store in Las Vegas - many great sales, a super helpful staff - over the past two years I've picked up a coat, two shirts, a tie, and a wallet here.
4	I have been shopping here for years.  The last time I was here I bought a really cool zip up wool sweater that was on sale.  If you hit this and other stores at the correct time you can find extremely great prices on premium clothing in Las Vegas (my favorite city to shop in).  I didn't have much shopping time this Vegas trip but I had seen the sale signs in the window the night before on the way to Krave so I had to at least go by when it was open.  I was happy I did.  These clothes fit me well.  They are cut correctly for people who take care of themselves.  I spend a lot of time in the gym staying lean.  I don't want to hide my body in a burlap sack cut t-shirt.  Pay the few extra dollars and shop here for items that really fit you.  (and if you are lucky, pay a few less if you catch one of their great sales).  I always find the staff to be very friendly and helpful here too.  I recommend that you always pay Ben a visit when you are in town!
5	I'm not a dude but, I love the fit of the stuff on all my dudes =) Be it boyfriend, brother, or best gay friend.Products are a great fit for all forms. Although let's not kid ourselves; it's not for the "husky" kinda fella, it does look good on them as well.Stuff is so trendy. And I love the preppy, European look.I love their ties --- the colors, patterns.Love their suits, which are hella fitted. Perfect for my men!I went in there the other day and all sale was an 70% off. I swear, they always have sales. Which just means they always get new stuff!And if you look good enough, they have fits perfect for woman. Thankfully, "the boyfriend" sweater/cardigans are a great fashion statement so, this is the place to find it. When you shrink the XS for men, it's great for women to wear.Other than the products, the customer service is on point. Associates always say hi and acknowledge you which says alot when most retail shops don't even know you exist.
5	My FAVORITE store when I come back home to Vegas. Discounts are phenomenal and style is always on point.Strange that the primary visitors are from the UK... America, please realize that this place is awesome!
5	Ben Sherman, or Sherms as my bf and I call it, is located inside the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops on East Harmon and LV Blvd. Being from northern California, we shop at the Sherms in Union Square quite often. As far as square footage goes, the Vegas store is the largest store I've ever seen/been to. It's probably at least 5 or 6 times larger than the Union Square store. On our most recent visit to Vegas, we stopped into the shop to take a look around. The second we stepped into the store, all of the employees working there welcomed us and said hello. They were all so friendly and helpful, particularly Tori who helped us out while we were there.I mentioned to her that we were looking for jackets and she proceeded to take us around the store to show us all of the inventory they had that would suit my bf. She ran back and forth between the floor and the stock room to check for additional sizes that weren't on the floor. Based on what my bf was wearing that day, she even managed to suggest some button up shirts that he liked and matched the shirts to his style perfectly.  It's really important to note, they do not work on commission. So it's not as if they push stuff on you just for the sake of making a sale. They really just want to help and make the experience in the store fun. I really value customer service at retail stores. I think it's more of the exception than the rule these days. So the fact that Tori was super helpful, nice, and fun really went a long way with us. Just a side note too...if you are looking for some good deals at Sherms, the best time to shop there is in January just after the holidays or in the summer, I think in June or July. They have a HUGE sale only twice a year and you can get some really wonderful quality made clothes for a reasonable price. The next time you find yourself in Vegas, pop in and check out the inventory and say hello to the lovely folks at Sherms in PH.
4	This store is huge compared to the one's in San Francisco and west LA! And I was lucky to walk in during a big summer sale, with most things 30-50% off. It was pretty early in the morning, so I got a bunch of attention from the cool sales guys. They were really helpful. I was bummed that some of the stuff wasn't in my size, but still ended up getting a nice flannel shirt (can't wear that in Vegas). Originally $99, I got it for $24!!! Since there's no women's clothing, my friends sat in the swanky British chairs and read indie magazines. Cool store music too!
5	Since my last stay in Vegas broke my personal record for duration (Wednesday through Monday), I ran out of fly apparel to wear a couple of days too early.If you need some good looking stuff (particularly accessories) and you've grown past the Affliction/Audigier-stage that 80% of Vegas patrons seem permanently stuck in, come here.A particularly big shout out goes to the sales associate Gabe who hooked me up with some looks that passed the discerning eyes of my NYC-fashionista friends.All this conveniently located in the Miracle Mile Shops across the street from the Bellagio?5 stars.
5	Another one of my favorite brands. Whenever I'm in Vegas I have to stop by this store. Always have some good sales on some nice clothes. Ben Sherman is dope!
4	I love Ben Sherman and his cool British attire.  If you love a good sale as much as I do, then you'll have to check this place out.  This store has seasonal sales and right now they've got everything...that's right, EVERYTHING, in the store 50% off.  And that includes the stuff that's already on sale!I would have given this store 5 stars, but since they got rid of the Women's line several years ago, I don't have much of a reason to go here anymore.
5	Sadly this place is no longer in the Miracle Mile shops. It's been replaced by a Tommy Bahama. Ick.
5	I'm disappointed that this store isn't here anymore. I was always able to get great prices on Ben Sherman shirts that usually are a bit more expensive when bought at another location.
