3	Being that its summertime in Arizona, I like to hit the pools to stay cool.  I came here today to try this place out, as its not far from home, and it was 100 degrees so I felt like I needed to cool off.This pool is located slightly off the beaten path.  If you didn't know it was there, you would probably never find it. It's buried in the middle of a subdivision, about a half mile in.The pool itself is nice.  3 water slides for the kids (2 of which are adult friendly) kid swimming section with zero level entry, water features, along with covered and uncovered seating areas.  The restrooms and changing area was large with adaquate space to shower, change clothes and go to the bathroom.  Hours are halfway decent, and its a great way to beat the heat.  Plus, it only cost $2.25 for adults!So far, this is probably my least favorite pool.  Lack of seating, and being crowded is just two of the reasons its on the bottom of my list.
5	As always, Chandler Pools are very reasonably priced.  $2.25 for adults, $1 for kids.  You can't beat that.This pool is clean and has a a very kid-friendly environment.There's a slide for kids that are better swimmers.  It dumps you about 3 feet above the pool and it makes quite a splash.  For my daughters, that is the selling point of this pool.There is also a taller slide that is meant for smaller kids. At the other side of the pool is a zero-depth play area that consists of a giant water spout that spills out water from about 15 different places.  There's a concrete statue of a whale that spurts water out of its blowhole. There is also a slide structure that is meant for toddlers.They have a couple of lap lanes.The facility gets an A for cleanliness.
5	I love this center.  It is usually not too crowded, sometimes camps come there, so it will get a little busier on weekdays.  The slides are fun, lots of chairs and shade, nice staff, hot showers.  I like that the pool is not too deep, so it is good for the kids.  Free lunch and snack in June and most of July, too!
5	Great Chandler pool with caring and energetic instructors. Special thanks to Ms. Riley for having incredible patience with my daughter and having great enthusiasm throughout 2 sessions. As always,  Dessert Oasis is a fun safe and fantastic place to cool off for the family!
3	I like that this pool is connected with the kiddie pool, which makes supervising children a LOT easier. What I DON'T like is that the lifeguards are all clueless.  There were times when we'd bring children who were not very good swimmers who tend to stay  around where the kiddy pool turns into the "big" pool.  I had one child in particular who was almost knocked down by two or three boys wrestling right underneath the lifeguard's chair, who by the way did NOT say anything to the boys.  I couldn't believe that I had to speak to this lifeguard about these boys underneath him. (BTW, they came back after he switched duties.)Also another time there were two lifeguards were being cocky and sarcastic and having a loud conversation via their megaphones (not sure what it's called).  I understand having fun at your job but paying customers don't want to hear it.
