4	I'm not a huge fan of Whole Foods but I do like them as a dinner option just for the variety.This brand new location has the best prepared food section I've seen at a Whole Foods with the exception of the one at the Time Warner Center in Manhattan.  Extra credit for having a hot food bar dedicated to vegan dishes.This store is opulent.  It seemed to be overpopulated with security guards when I was there.  Weird.  Whole Foods is of course, pricy.  You can easily pay $15.00 for a nice salad.  Or like my dinner, $20 for a salad, a taste of 15 different hot foods, lots of kalamata olives and other things from the olive bar.The hummus here was a pleasant surprise.  Very fresh tasting with subtle flavors of lemon coming through.  Nice.
4	After hitting Vons elsewhere in town earlier that morning, we were so happy to walk into this newly opened, immaculately clean, Whole Foods.  (See my reviews of Von's for more details).Although at 9:30 we would have expected them to be fully stocked and operational since the store opened at 8:00, the person at the cheese counter was very accommodating and got us everything we asked for.Like all Whole Foods, everything is pricey, but all of the produce we got was of excellent quality and the meats and cheeses were just fine.Although I am not a fan of their pastries, the breads we purchased from their bakery were excellent.Everyone we interacted with was exceptionally friendly and helpful.Easily located between the airport and the hotels on the strip.
5	Best place on earth. the salad bar is amazing the vegan bar is deeelish and the vegan currry chicken salad is to die for. Yum!
2	The prepared food section has gone downhill since my first review.  Twice I've been here on recent trips and I have noticed two trends:1.  Less variety.2.  Freshness has suffered.  I don't really want prepared food that has a crust I need to break through and push to the side.  Yuk.
4	here's my reasons1. most vegan options2. very accommodating, friendly staff3. best juice bar { they actually make fresh VEGGIE juice, with more than just carrots! } 4. for the free loaders (myself included) there's always samples throughout the store!5. the strip locale + window seating makes for interesting people watching!
5	San Francisco should be ashamed of itself when the LAS VEGAS, land of the .99 cent shrimp cocktail and the 3.99 steak dinner,  Whole Foods is kicking its ass with vegan prepared foods. A very nice place to come recharge with some real food after all the alcohol, smoke and nasty hotel/airport food get to you.
1	This place should be called WHOLE PAYCHECK MARKET.  Everything is twice as expensive as other places.  Plus if your not a vegan, they don't stock "normal" food.  This place is crawling with hippies, vegans, rejects and social conformists trying to make a statement.  The availability of unique foods is a plus, but you are going to pay, big time.  Looking through the prepared foods section, I laughed at the $3.49 organic, peanut butter and jelly sandwich.When I checked out, the girl with tri-colored hair and tattoos asked if I wanted a bag.  I said Yes, or course, and she shot me a look like I just cut down a tree and it smashed her pet cat.  Excuse me for not carrying multiple food items in my arms.People have a right to be Vegans, but I have the right not to be looked down on just because I like Cheeseburgers.  Get a life hippies.
3	NIce and clean. Big selection of prepared food. A lot of hard to find items. Expensive as usual.This is the location they filmed one episode of "Top Chef" from bravo.
3	Stopped by WFM to stock up on food and water supplies for the week (back in LV again for business).  Seems like this is the only place in town where you can find organic food (I've definitely not seen any organic or free range foods in any of the restaurants).  We also decided to eat lunch here, they had a decent selection of vegetarian and vegan dishes...Definitely less choice than in the Bay Area (SF), but beggars can't be choosers.Kinda sad, I live in CA where there are farms aplenty, so it's easy to buy locally and organic.  In the desert, there is no such luxury!  We should all take a moment to appreciate what we have, because there are many places in the world whose inhabitants aren't as lucky...
4	Ok so its nickname is "Whole Paycheck" - but you get what you pay for. The best quality, the best selection, the best staff!  Thats the rest of the store.. the buffet & food you can eat there is what I am reviewing hereLove their $5.99 Wednesday buffet(7.99 a pound the rest of the week)- It is the healthiest Buffet in town with a whole VEGAN selection.I have eaten here several times and every time I was so pleased with their preparations.  They have pizza by the inch and soups with noodle which are exceptional and wrapped sandwiches & salads to go too. great to eat in a pinch when you just wanna run in and get something better than fast food somewhere else.This is a clean healthy environment.
3	My assistant and I often have to purchase specialty food & beverage items for our hotel guests. Wholefoods is just a few minutes away and at a convenient location. Although pricey, the product is fresh and we can find all the specialty  items requested. From dairy to vegan to fresh produce, they have it. The food bar is a nice place to eat and share good times with friends and colleagues.  The wait time to place an order is too long when you are on the go. Recommend adding additional staff at the food bar during the lunch rush, this would keep customers and me coming back.
3	Wide variety of meals available and ready to eat.  There's not as much of food selection as what you would see in California, but for Vegas it's pretty good.  But also for Vegas, it's pretty pricey.  Still, I enjoy coming here to try out some food that I normally don't eat.
4	My husband and I tried the buffet yesterday for a late lunch. We wanted to try out the Wednesday special of $5.99/lb. I was thrilled to learn that there was a vegan section in the buffet area. Woohoo! Tried the somosa, a tofu dish with peas and a dish that resembled paneer and roasted asparagus. Sorry didn't pay much attention to the labels because I was staaaaarving! In addition to the vegan section, I tried some of the turkey lasagna, chicken enchilada, and turkey meatball..The bill came up to $15.47. Ouch!Standouts from the buffet: samosas, paneer-like dish, and the turkey lasagna. Flavorful and delicious! Definitely will come back, but next time will skip the heavier items.
4	A very nice store, bright with lots of room. Lots of fresh foods for lunch time and places to eat in the store. I will definitely stop by for snacks on my next trip!
3	Ummm...this Whole Foods may be the reason I'm alive...and broke. Plus Points:1. Very centrally located in Town Square on Las Vegas Blvd2. Very big - translates to variety3. Carry a lot of specialty products (exotic fruit, Asian spices, soy products etc)4. Staff here is generally friendly and actually carry items that I have requested for5. There are yoga classes offered at Whole Foods6. The salad and prepared food bars are HUGE with lots of variety7. There are tables and bar areas for people who want to sit and eat. Negatives:1. Too expensive2. The prepared food bars seem to never change...they have the same food for months. For locals (like me) who like to come here for lunch (like me), it makes it very hard. I've stopped coming as often as seeing the same food day in and day out is pretty nauseating3. The service at the pizza counter and other counters can be very slow. Some employees are very fast and affable. Some not so4. The lunch time crowd can be rather big and so finding a place to sit and eat is not easy5. Have I said that this place is too expensive?I am thankful that this Whole Foods came to Las Vegas. It's easy to get to and very convenient. Also it's got mostly everything I shop for and the produce here is very fresh and tasty. Unfortunately, the sheer overpricing model of Whole Foods forces me to rate this as a "3". Oh, and the fact that their hot food and salad bars NEVER seem to change for months.
4	Alright, everyone knows Whole Foods isn't cheap. But I need it. NEED it.I've been to a lot of grocery stores in this town, and nobody else has Silk soy yogurt. What is up with that? Actually, I take that back--Smith's has introduced Silk yogurt in the tiny packages, but why should I buy five of those little containers when I can buy a giant one at Whole Foods for a better price?I really disliked this store at first because it just doesn't compare to the Austin one. But what stores possibly could? Compared to other Las Vegas grocery stores, this may as well be Disneyland. Nobody else comes close when it comes to organic produce, vegan desserts, vegetarian meats, eco-friendly packaging, handmade soaps and PETA-approved beauty products.I'm sorry, Whole Foods. I just can't give you five stars because I know you could be even better. Expand your store, hire some friendly people to run it and I'll reconsider.
5	all at the same place... Some think that 5.00 for a slice of cheese cake is a little expensive, but when your paying for quality ingredients its worth it... They have a great salad bar, delicious cheeses and wines...  I have been going to Wholefood here in Vegas for the last 2 years and the customer service is excellent, they are so nice and helpful, you don't see that now at days. I really love how they actually know about there products. Looking for quality health foods and products, and great service Wholefoods is the store for you...
5	This review is for the deli and prepared foods area. We all know the store is amazing for groceries... :) For lunch the other day I had a turkey and avocado sandwich on wheat. Bread was very fresh, turkey was flavorful (and because it's Whole Foods...healthy!), all my "extras" were also fresh. I probably should have saved the other half for dinner. Oh well, that is what the gym is for.I also got a root beer float. Yes, I know, calorie nightmare. But it was priced just right, and the ice cream looked so tasty and lonely in that case. It was begging for me to adopt it as my very own. Needless to say I enjoyed my float. Also very cool that the root beer was dispensed from a cool old fashion beer tap looking thingy. Can't wait to have lunch here again, sans float :)
5	I will make this easy.If you are vegan, you must check this Whole Foods out. Unbelievable.
3	First of all let me say that I love this place. It has so many things in it, things that I'd never even heard of.. things that you only hear about while watching the Food network and/or Travel channel.  With that said it is the most expensive grocery store I've ever been to. Wow. I bought the ingredients to make a Pear/Gorgonzola salad. With all I spent to make this I could have gone out to eat and been just fine. But I wanted to eat here for lunch one day with the extensive rows and rows of salad bars and soups and more salad bars. and more things that are made to order. But alas, I'm a poor college student and let's face it. I shop @ Trader Joe's, Costco, Walmart & Fresh & Easy. I can't afford "whole paycheck" just quite yet. Did I mention how gorgeous their produce section is? This place just makes you want to cook something new and innovative. Even if you don't need groceries i'd recommend just taking a lap around this place. I guarantee you'll see something you just can't walk out without.
4	Going vegan seemed like a daunting task at first, but as I was doing store locator searches for specific products online, every single one of them pointed me directly to this specific Whole Foods. Went here on Friday and I thought it would be crazy-busy since it was payday for some, but it was not too bad. I split up my day at Whole Foods in two: before lunch I got non-perishables, after lunch I got my fresh refrigerated goodies. I had no problems not only finding all the items on my list that said they should be in stock at this location, but I also had no problems finding very informed salespeople who knew exactly where the product I was looking for was in the store. Overall I love this place as they stock hard-to-find vegan items that are raved about on blogs consistently, and it's clean with a helpful staff. The only downside is that a majority of the products are really expensive (I spent $100 for 2 full bags of groceries - yikes!) but it is worth it as you can't find it anywhere else. Also some of the products are randomly put throughout the store. The Daiya vegan cheese I was looking for wasn't with the other vegan cheeses in a designated "For Las Vegans and Vegetarians" section (clever) but over in the deli section by the pizzas. What? LOL. I know it GOES on pizza (and other things, obviously), but you wouldn't put the butter near the bread now, would you? Anyways, I can't wait to try out my vegan haul: WayFare cheese spread, Daiya cheese, Ener-G Egg Replacer, Koya vegan ramen, etc. So much selection although the prices could be a teensy bit better. You will find some deals, but not many. Overall though this will be the place I get my more rare finds, but I'll keep my fresh food & bulk shopping at Fresh and Easy.
4	Today, the market's birthday party is enjoyable... a yoga vinyasa performance is a spectacle ( i need to be more flexible!!).I found out that there is a YOGA STUDIO INSIDE Town Square's Whole Foods Market, called "Barefoot Sanctuary" which features yoga, fitness, yoga dance, acrofit power, handstand class, expressive yoga, and vinyasa yoga. Guest instructors will introduce you to healing,drumming, acrobatics and chanting workshops in your yoga classes. Rate is $12 if you come for one class, although there is an unlimited monthly or 10-class rate. See an instructor at the Juice Bar 10 minutes before class to join or call 702-543-1018. Furthermore, while in this market, I enjoyed the delicious food & drink treats and mmmm, today's yummy birthday cake!! I also got a tasting of "Joe's Cola" & "Joe's Root Beer" (made of molasses & sassafras and other ingredients) which are locally made in Henderson! I like them both! They come in a 6-pack bottles for $5.99. I even got a tasting of one I easily favored beer brewed in Belgium which I tasted while in Europe years ago...this beer is the "Belgian White Beer"...lo and behold, didn't think I would come acoss it here...cool! "Trappistes Rochefort 10" Belgian ale is the one I really like for a long time...its simply dammm most remarkably best liked, having that unusual spritz-ness, mahogany color & tastes of caramel, cherry and deep toffee deliciousness...find it in this market, too. TyKu Sake is the other I tasted which can not only be for sipping or drinking, it's also good for cooking in meals.As it is an occasion of the store, an intuitive energy consult-reading I got myself submitted for. I laid in a folding bed relaxed with a hovering set of crystals dangling over "chakras" of my body to my head revealed my innermost energies...I found informative and self-empowering!! So I go on liking Whole Foods Market even more so as a vegan, since I like shopping  this store for about 18 years since New York, Los Angeles & North Carolina (when there, where I got my hot meals when in a jifffy hungree).Writing this review from the supermarket itself in one of their dining booths along a windowed wall overlooking the vast parking lot next to Las Vegas Boulevard South's main roadway...on free Wi-fi via my laptop computer is an extra feat. A nice afternoon in market's birthday party!
5	I really like eating at whole foods.  They always have great quality fresh produce.  I always come and stop by for lunch!  They have just about everything anyone might be craving to eat readily available made fresh daily and to order.  Love this place!
4	I like this location of the uber-popular green market chain. This place is jumping on saturdays- there's a yoga class with full on loud chants (exciting)- no wonder, I saw some gals carrying their yoga mats. The best section has to be the complete Vitamin & Supplement sections (vitamins, protein powder, stevia, teas, and stress candy). Only two frozen food aisles- but they carry Hawaii's Bubbie's mochi ice cream at $7.99, Amy's frozen dinners and pizzas, desserts, vegetables and frozen dog food (who knew?). The body care section (Burt's Bee's, Pacifica) is impressive- from lotions, gels, face care, anti-perspirant, etc. The cleaning section is equally impressive- full line of Meyer's products (sprays $3.99) and Bonner 18-in-1 castile soap (two sizes $7.99/$11.99). Of course, the salad bar is very good- complete salad bar for $7.99/LB.- lots of yummy healthy options. There's a small seated booth section along the wall, to enjoy your salad, just past the cashiers.
4	I'm a huge fan of whole foods and anything about Whole foods.  Nutrition has been a big part of my world for the past couple of years, and it's something I plan on practicing and paying close attention to for the rest of my life.  Whole Foods has a wonderful selection of tasteful and healthy options for everyone.  A big knock on Whole foods is their pricing, however, the most absurd prices are usually items you can only find at Whole foods (go figure).  Went to the Whole Foods  located inside Town Square for their lunch buffet, which basically goes off the weight of the items on your plate..... Seemed like a great idea until I decided everything looked amazing and created the $23.95 plate-o-glory that dented my stomach and my walled hahaha.  Regardless of price, the lunch was fantastic and worth the experience.
4	I'm so torn on you, Whole Foods.You are expensive. VERY expensive. Yet, I seem to make a trip and visit every week it seems. WHY must you have wonderful,delicious unique foods and products I can't find elsewhere in this desert city ??Meat selection is excellent. I'm on a buffalo kick, and you guys come thru all the time with great stuff. Sometimes you please me more with a few sales on it, and I buy even more! In-house smoked bacon is tasty; but really thick cut, too thick for my personal likes.You carry skyr, the rare, hard-to-find Iclandic cheese that wants to be yogurt. Thick and super-sour, it's a bracing treat that makes Greek yogurt taste like Yoplait. (Thanks, Siggi!!)Bakery is quite tasty, and fresh. Yes, one of my treats to buy is a fresh, warm and soft big chocolate chip cookie from the bakery case and it's super delicious, UNLESS it's over-baked. (last 2 times, they have been. Booo!!) The deli is vast and yummy, ESPECIALLY the soups. I had the best 3-mushroom soup of my life last week, that would make the baby Jesus cry, it was -that- mind-blowingly great.Whole bean coffee I ADORE here. I've yet to have a bad batch, and i've tried at least 50% of your offered types. My current type is Mocha Java, which is super-smoky and dark. YUM!The tea selection is good, but not -that- good. I'm a self-professed tea snob, and I get better from online tea shops.Beauty products i'm 50/50 on. Expensive (duh) but good. Hair products expensive (double-DUH) but also very good.Whole Paycheck: If you've been there, you know what it's all about. Yes, it's pricey, but worth it.
4	*** UPDATE ***2/16/11Both the beef brisket and smoked chicken offered at the butcher's counter are fantastic - tender, juicy, and thoroughly WOW!  I wish they'd cook more than one brisket a day, though. Some days they run out early!________________________________________________Whole FoodsWhole FoodsYou're a tasty place.Love your meats,Your produce too,They all go in my face.Your cheese selection Rocks my world,Your food bar is sublime.I know you cost more than the rest,But you're worth it ... Every dime!For quality groceries and excellent customer service, there is no other contender for my grocery dollar.  WF is the only place where I can find Coconut Milk Creamer ($2.79), and they have the best lemons in town (at about $1 ea.). Since I consume mass quantities of both, I shop here at least twice a month.Granted, prices are high, but I would rather skimp in other areas of my budget, and get the best food I can for my body's sake.Service wise, I was impressed on a recent visit, when I actually found a store employee who was friendly AND willing to check in the back for something I was seeking. I cannot remember the last time I was able to find a clerk to assist me at one of the major chain markets! I love you, Whole Foods!
4	There's a reason they call it "whole paycheck"...That said, I could spend mine here pretty easily. It seems like every single veggie is organic and beautiful. No wilted lettuce, no sad carrots or fruit flies to be found. After our fridge went out and we were forced to go a week without the ability to cook at home, it felt right to go the extra mile and indulge, so a shopping trip here fell into place. Buffalo new york steaks for $16- less than we'd have paid to eat them in a restaurant, and a beautiful vibrant fresh red color. Sweet, succulent meat without an overbearing iron-y or gamey flavor. Expensive but delicious! I've always been a big fan of bison, it's a lovely red meat and this was exceptionally fresh. They have a pretty wide range of meats and grocery products that are sourced in a variety of seemingly thoughtful ways. Free-range chicken and eggs, organic milk, a variety of fresh seafood, kefir, cheeses, clothing, beauty products, cleaning products, dried and bulk goods, etc. The employees were exceptionally friendly. Everyone I interacted with seemed like they were having a good day, which made the overall experience pleasant. I did a few laps and found the store a lot smaller in overall size compared to Sunflower market, but they fit a lot into the space.  Some of the prices are lower at their competitors and there are larger varieties there, but it's at a pretty convenient cross section of highways. It's a little bit out of the way for me, but I may stop at the Greenvalley location soon. . Parking can be weird because it's in town square, but it shouldn't be too bad unless you go at peak hours.
4	Just like most of the other Yelpers yelping Whole Foods, I have a love hate relationship. Love the selection, food but not the prices. I came here about a month ago and wanted to spend maybe $50-75 on snacks for a small party but ended up spending double. I guess half of my guests could have just not eat or drink anything... but I was nice that day and figured everyone should eat something. I've not figured out what my essentials are yet for Whole Foods but I'm reluctant. On a side note, I left my headlight lights on and the grocery cart attendant was so nice to jump my battery for me. Thanks!
5	This review is for this Whole Foods location's cafe and deli.I've had a love for Whole Foods cafe ever since I discovered them.  Most locations I've been around the country offer a wonderful selection of healthy meals, but this Town Square location really shines in size and the vast diversity of the selection.Since the size is impressive, here are some of my favorites to help you navigate on your visit:1.  The cafe serves many coffee drinks and tea drinks.  You can also make your own smoothie when the weather calls for something refreshing and organic.2.  There is a sandwich bar that allows you to customize your sandwich with fantastic choices in breads and deli meats.  They must have a really good panini press because I've loved all the paninis I've eaten here.3.  The sandwich bar's hidden secret is its omelet bar, a great alternative if you want breakfast for lunch or dinner (which I often do).  You can choose regular eggs or egg whites and they'll whip up an affordable omelet with fresh veggies (your choices again).4.  The ethnic food selection here is simply amazing: Korean, Chinese, Japanese, even Vietnamese sometimes.  Some of the things I've eaten here are: chicken soba noodle soup, brown rice spicy salmon avocado roll, Korean jap chae (a stir-fried vermicelli dish), etc.  On my last visit, there was a Pho bar, to which I happily helped myself.5.  I often pair my meals with The Republic of Tea's various flavored iced teas or numerous brands of coconut water that Whole Foods offers.  It's not the cheapest meal in town (you can easily ring up $10) but the ingredients are top-quality and the food is delicious.  Good and good for you!
4	This branch seems to have some items I havent seen at Tenaya or the Charleston one. It got me excited seeing things pop out that are hard o find but unfortunately this visit wasn't for groceries. I needed a small bite before I pass out since I can't wait until dinner. I grabbed the by the pound salad- got a little bit of chickpea, beet salad and stuffed grapeleaves. All noms. We rolled by the beer selection and noticed a beer I haven't seen before Fullers Vintage Ale Reserve 2010 so we grabbed a bottle and will be enjoying it 3-4 years from now. We're such beer aging geeks. We have a fridge with a bunch of drinks numbered for when we will consume them. We also grabbed a Deschutes Hop in The Dark. I was eyeing a Goose Island Demolition because G.I. has never been distributed here before til now, but it's gonna be bought next time (gotta be good about not buying too much beers). It's must stop if I do go to Town Square from now on to get the rare items not available elsewhere. Excited to thoroughly go through the aisles next time to see what else I might find....
4	I love going to this place.  It's expensive yes, but I love how they have specific fruits that are already pre-cut and placed into containers.  I love their selection of wine and beers, also their meat, and pre-made foods.  I personally love their red velvet cake, it's tiny but the icing is soooo delicious.  It tastes like the red velvet cupcake from Sprinkles, something that you must definitely try when going here.  It's expensive, but you pay for what you get.
5	For Thanksgiving this year I ordered two fresh, farm raised Diestel Farms turkeys from Whole Foods. When I called to place my order the gentleman on the phone, from the meat department, was very friendly and helpful. He answered some questions I had and gave me info on how to pick up an get confirmation of my order. When I arrived to get my turkeys they were quick to dip in teh back and grab my birds. THey were right on par with teh size I ordered and after a 24 hour brine and a dip in bubbling hot peanut oil they were amazing! I will definately order my Diestel Farms birds from Whole Foods next year. Oh yeah, I picked up a couple Vosges bars and some canned pumpkin and my brining bags while I was in there. LOVE this store! It's always clean, produce and meat dept fully stocked with fresh items, and the staff OBVIOUSLY loves to work there and dangit, why wouldn't they!
4	Attended today a "Raw Foods" Class posted by Sara P. on Yelp Events. It surely was a very beneficial class about Raw Foods with how to Prepare and to Cook Raw Foods. Wynn's Chef Stacy Dougan was very well prepared in the Presentation. All the dishes were easy to follow and to make. They will be on my "make it the most" of my meals. The printed recipes of each dish prepared are definitely going to be wonderful additions to my recipe files. Most of all they are vegan, healthy, and delicious! Her Compilation of Raw Foods and Vegan Recipes are ones to have. I can't wait for the many other Raw Foods Recipes she will send to me. So many attendees sure made this a fun class. Kudos to this class' organizer Sara and Chef Stacy for their exceptional efforts to make this class happen. Congratulations to the winners of the raffle give-aways. The Whole Foods Market always present informative food, beverages and cooking classes I like attending. (Click on this link about the event and for photos) http://www.yelp.com/events/las-vegas-raw-foods-classNext event?Naturally, after the class I went grocery shopping then also took home new healthy finds like Apple Cider Vinegar All Natural Drink, Kombucha Drink and my favorite Larabar in Ginger Spice, Pecan and Chocolate Coconut flavors. Bought each separately because no full box were available. I'd rather buy a full box.
4	I felt really high maintenance, having to ask for help in every department, it seemed. Fortunately, the staff at this location were helpful and friendly.Minus one star for a less than stellar, post Christmas produce selection.
4	Whole Foods is well known for quality groceries that you often can not find at other grocery stores. It is the high end grocery store that is too expensive for most shoppers, but is well worth it for those able to afford it on a regular basis or those with specific dietary restrictions (e.g., gluten-free).I was at this particular Whole Foods for the Splendor in the Glass Preview Party (1/26/2011) and arrived early and did a walk through of the store (very clean, organized, have a lot of selections) and did a little shopping.  In spite of the fact that WF offers premium items at often premium pricing, they do also offer an assortment of items at relatively good and affordable prices.  The bargain wine selections was reasonably priced and have a good assortment of wines from around the world.  Chocolate truffles on display in the rare of the store is priced reasonably, and costs under $2 a piece (a slight discount compared to "brand name" confections from chocolate shops and patisseries around Las Vegas).The ready made food available for take-outs all look delicious.  Great for those working nearby that needs to pick up a quick and healthy meal for lunch or to bring home for the rest of the family for dinner.Free classes and special events are routinely scheduled and held at this Whole Foods, which is a value added service for subscribers to Whole Foods email mailing list subscribers.Cleanliness - 5/5Location - 4/5 (ideal for those living or working near SW Las Vegas)Price - 3/5 Pricey, but you get what you pay for.  And they do also have every day value items.Parking - 4/5  Not too bad
5	A great spot for a quick lunch at Town Square.  I've been here 3 times in January during my month of being vegetarian.  Gardein protein is the BOMB!!  The vegetarian chicken salads are so fn good.  I would like to buy groceries here regularly but I just can't justify the price for a lot of things.  Trader Joe's and Sunflower are more my acceptable price range.  But there are just some things that are only at Whole Foods!  The place is always clean, all the foods look great and service is always helpful and friendly.
5	This location so far has been the best Whole Foods I have found. They really believe on supporting the local community and provide services that the other locations do not provide (that I have been to). They had a yoga studio, Wednesday nights were free wine and appetizers tastings which was fun and a great way to meet new people.I went there twice a day during my last stay in Vegas. They make amazing green juices, have an amazing hot/salad bar, and gluten free options that were very tasty. I was able to eat healthy and enjoy my very tasteful meals.
5	When I was in Town Square a little over a week ago I wanted to drop by this Whole Foods to look for some Bitter Melon tea. I thought if any place would have it then they would. They have a great selection of teas but no Bitter Melon flavors. We did find a helpful associate that found Bitter Melon pills for me so I was grateful for that! I accidentally asked if there is any chemicals in the pills.....she of course said everything at Whole Foods is natural. I felt like a dummy. I loved the soap display in the front of the store. They can cut you a piece of soap from these tall  swirly colored towers.  They all had very invigorating scents to them. I also found that they sell candles here. I need to come back and get some.I banned all unnatural candles and plug ins from my home because it had negative effects on me. It's nice to know you can go somewhere to find healthier alternatives.
5	This place is my heaven! I only wish I could shop here regularly all the time but I am not that rich! :( The prices are a little high but it's because the quality of the products is outstanding! When I have that extra buck, I don't mind spending it here. I love every section of this place. Seafood and meats are super fresh, produce is amazing...I love the juice bar and the hot foods section. Although I'm not vegan, the vegan bar is so amazing! I usually fill my plate from the vegan bar and then get some chicken from the salad bar.The people here are so helpful! I wasn't sure what kind of beer I could pair with valentines dinner and their beer specialist gave me an awesome recommendation that was kick ass!All I can say is, I love this place! :D
4	This Whole Foods  in Town Square Las Vegas was very good. It had a "Pho Station" (and I still didn't even try Pho yet) but even that did not make it as good as Seattle's Belltown Whole Foods (http://www.yelp.com/biz/whole-foods-market-seattle-2#hrid:wGSaJYpD_VEDAdtX9Q-X5w). I think this Whole Foods would do well to have a whole aisle dedicated to single serving sizes. Peanut butter, crackers, etc. The whole jar is just too much to purchase for the resort fridge or carry-on baggage.Good selection of full size products and fresh, visually appealing products/produce. Super helpful staff with great dispositions. In general I love Whole Foods and hate to "criticize" but I think they will "take it the right way"...I'm a fan. And I'll be back again and again!p.s. - I got my Whole Foods Las Vegas reuseable bag here. All the people at my P Street (DC) store will be so jealous.
5	Yeah, they have the same tremendous selection of fresh fruit, vegetables, meats, cheeses, seafood, nuts, oils, sauces, chips, dips, prepared foods...as every Whole Foods. Yeah, it's spacious, the staff is friendly and knows what they're talking about, and on Wednesdays it's $2 less per pound at the prepared food bar.But the reason this Whole Foods rocks is because even though they also have a huge aisle full of every type of generic 365 brand cereal you could imagine, they also have Honey Nut Cheerios. As every grocery store should.
5	I think Whole Foods is pretty dang awesome!!! I've always been a sucker for large spaces filled with endless rows of YUMMY food! Since they have now opened the Sunset Overpass, coming to Whole Foods has never been easier. I am a HUGE fan of coming here for lunch. They always have something that I want to eat and a couple visits ago I noticed they have a PHO bar. I have yet to try it though, but I thought it was a cool concept especially when it was rainy and cold outside. The only con about this place is that it is a lil pricey....don't be shocked when you come out of there with a 50 dollar plus receipt. It is definitely worth it though!
5	Ever since I had a child I have grown to love this store. They have an amazing selection of healthy snacks for my toddler. And yes they are pricey but you get what you pay for.I love checking out all the natural beauty products and candles. And I can always find a new bottle of wine to try with dinner.Its also nice that on Wednesday the salad bar is 5.99! Pretty good deal for all the yummy things they have.
5	I love this location! It's close to the strip, so it's perfect for grabbing some snacks to stock up your hotel room during a Vegas trip. It also has an eating area with a microwave so you can grab a quick lunch (which is nice for people with food allergies who can't always grab a quick lunch on the strip).
3	I love the atmosphere in this place every time I vIsit. Decided to try their food for dinner yesterday. The downside is that they charge the same per pound irrespective of what you pick-spinach, fish, cold salad....The food tasted fresh and yummy but I felt it was too expensive. I had bits of hummus, baba ghanoush, pita bread, mediterranian salad, a spoon of mango salad and a small slice of sweet potato, which was all good. My partner had some rice and chickpeas...and we paid close to 25 bucks for this. Everything in the store looks so good that I feel like buying every other thing. Does it make sense to shop here for some things? YesDoes it make sense to shop here for everything ? For me, No.I may go back to try some soup next time.
4	The s/o was feeling under the weather during our recent adventure to Vegas and Whole Foods was the closest grocery store to THEhotel to pick up some crackers, water and whatnot.The more I walk into a Whole Foods, the more I fall in love with them!  It's such an awesome, feel good and feel good about what you're eating kind of store.  If you've never been to a WF, just remember that they don't carry the major name branded products as you would find in the chain grocery stores, but that's not a bad thing.  Have you read the Nutritional Facts to some of those goods?  I do love their prepared food section, where you can get an array of meal options whether it be for lunch or dinner.And of course, I just HAD to get their signature Whole Foods Las Vegas reusable bag, which I'll proudly represent in the Bay Area...holla!
3	I have an acid tongue when I speak about this place because it is so drastically over priced. I still hold my stance on not shopping for groceries  here because there are many better places to buy specialty produce and goods from. The reason why I keep coming back here is for their prepared foods section. Their pizzas are delicious. On Sundays they have specials on whole pizzas that make you forget that they gouge you every other day. The workers are upbeat and courteous. I enjoy coming here for the conversation, a good cup of coffee, and some baked goods. Some of their dishes are a miss though. The Mediterranean food is not very good. The bulgar wheat salad was soft like rice, lacking the nuttiness and bite that good bulgar should have. They have specialty fruit waters. They are simple smoothies made from fresh fruits, water, and some sugar. These are the perfect drink for summer and a great deal at $1.99. If they would lower the prices on some of their items like their competitors then I would rate this place better.
5	I have been on a vegan kick these past few days, and after exploring other Whole Foods local to me (and not finding everything on my shopping list)- I finally came to this location and ended that search. When I first stepped in, all of my senses were amplified as I saw the bright colors of the fresh organic fruits and vegetables and smelled the delicious aroma coming from the prepared food section.  The prepared vegan selection is the most extensive I have ever seen- and more importantly, delicious!My favorite part, however, are the free classes and cooking demonstrations.  I particularly enjoy Chef Stacey's raw/ vegan demos and tastings every second Tuesday of the month. I have already learned so much and tested the recipes in my own kitchen!
1	Besides all the Boycott stuff [http://bit.ly/ltkboF] this place sucks.It is a chain trying to sell itself as better than Safeway, it is not! In many ways it is more deceptive than a Lucky ever is.Thanks to Dr. Richard Oppenlander [http://www.comfortablyunaware.com/] I now cringe when I see and hear about "sustainable" this or that. BULLSHIT!This will degrade into militant vegan rantings but anyway, go local, buy small, support co-ops and destroy the government!
4	I was surprised to have seen a Whole Foods so close to the Vegas Strip.  Great amenity to have if you're staying at Tahiti Village since those places come with full kitchens & a really nice area for you and your friends/family to BBQ while near the pool.  They might not have everything you're looking for, but they do carry things you might not find at your regular grocery store.  Prices may be a bit higher, but the quality is also what you pay for.  I love going here & creating my own sandwich.
5	Beautiful and Big...located on the very end of the strip near Mandalay Bay. This is the biggest WF I've ever encountered, figures since Vegas is known for outlandishness... Anyways we made our trek here soon upon arrival, I had to stock up on all things organic for the baby. I was very impressed with the baby isle, much better variety and prices were a bit cheaper than California. We also got a bite to eat for ourselves, my husband went with an Italian sandwich and I had a great sushi roll. We picked up some drinks, chips and salsa for our room too. The tortilla chips were awesome, they are made in the store and are extra thick and crisp. I have not come across them in my local store. The hot food section has a great variety, one night we decided to eat in our room and picked up a roasted chicken (came with a free family sized salad, we had the potato) and some roasted yams. It was an awesome meal.
4	I am personally a fan of whole foods in general! Probably because my BF gets a discount here.After being on the strip and constantly eating bad food and drinking all day, it's nice to get away and take the bus down to WF. The food isn't amazingly healthy - It's still fast food! But I still adore this place, the prices are way cheaper compared to the market stands on the strip. They have such a wide variety and I love the lay out of the store. Very easy to maneuver!  Brownie points for having korean bbq for cheap! I think I ended up spending only $15 for two entrees here. Also, they have nice tables by the window if you were to eat there. The employees are nice and there is even a smooothie stand. This store has many things that my local WF store doesn't have. Plus, I think this store is next to couple other stores such HM, Best Buy, Etc.Overall, I will have to stop by this store the next time I'm in vegas!
5	Everytime I travel, I have to go to Whole Foods Market for supplies, water, fruits, raw snacks if available...I am impressed by this enormous store.  The selection of raw snacks and prepared foods is immense, I've never seen anything like it.  I felt like a kid in a raw store.  *Esther contemplates why NYC Whole Foods isn't like this...Esther contemplates why not live in the West Coast...*But putting all fantasies aside, there's a huge selection of everything.  There's a section with eco-clothing, pretty neat for both men and women.  I found this cropped jacket/shrug, cute and airy.I found Evergreen frozen wheatgrass juice, yay, so I can store in my hotel mini-fridge/freezer.I only just realized last night when I rushed in for a late night fix of kale chips, btw, don't get the Barbi Kale chips, horrible...there's actually a juice bar!  Cool.  But it's not organic, so I'm sticking with Go Raw Cafe's juice.Still, this is my market away from home.
4	love them
4	This place is so big, I got lost, and wound up circling around the center aisles, but managed to find my new favorite wine, Sancerre in the large wine section by doing so!I love the quince paste with St. Andre cheese, and the salad bar here is $2 per pound less than our local store, and has a bigger selection.  I come here for the Pho, the Vietnamese soup which you can assemble yourself.  I first met Pho here, and it was love at first bite.  I have since learned, thanks to other Yelpers that there is more Pho in the universe, but thanks to Whole Foods, I can get a fix here.I also loved the organic coffee section, and even found Ethiopian beans here, but they are a bit pricey.  All in all, a great stop for stocking up!
5	Just had a bison rib eye med rare might be the best I've ever had.
2	I shop at all the Whole Foods in east LV. I despise this single Whole Foods. Despite the huge space, it never has 1/2 the things(brands, etc) I need in stock. Maybe it's the proximity to the strip... but they always have broken containers of something in what seems every aisle and every day looks like an outofstock, friday aftermath. Lame. I only ever have this problem at this location.The staff is Great... But the produce/seafood stations are oddly small, the store never gets the basic/special items all other locations seem to have each month(premium sodas, good aged cheddar, hard shell crabs) and the sushi's... not worth trying (as noted below).I highly recommend the one in henderson on green valley, unless you enjoy being pissed off (and constantly putting in requests for... everything).
4	OK, I popped my Whole Foods cherry.  I did not understand this is a flagship location until after my visit and was totally blown away and found it to be easily twice the size I was expecting.  My plan was to get a cup of coffee and some pastries and then stroll Town Square where I had never been before.  Because I wanted to see everything it took me almost half an hour to get over to where the sell pastries and coffee.  They just don't have some prepared food items, within the store they have a whole food court.  And three different areas to eat.  Gazing at some of the fresh produce and meats I would definitely overspend my food budget if one of these was convenient to me.  The fresh baked pastries were very good but I got the standard house blend coffee and was unimpressed.
4	See my Review of Whole Foods market in Arlington. Pretty much the same. This store is newer, with a bigger bakery and fab coffee and tea bar. Me likey. Best 100 on four items that I ever spent!!
4	Okay, I am not a health food nut and I certainly am not anything close to vegetarian but I like this place. Not pigeonholing WF or anything but that is certainly the perceived crowd they market to.So what do I like about the Whole Foods in Town Square? It's a great lunch spot. I can always find something I want. One of my favorites is Inari sushi, when I can find it, and if it's not made with brown rice. Fie upon you brown rice! It may be healthier for you but it sure tastes like sh*t to me. No flames please! Anyhoo, I digress. I adore their lentil soup. It's really hard to find good lentil soup that doesn't have ham hocks or strange veggies or curry in it. Their mac and cheese and the roast chicken on the hot bar is pretty smashing as well. I believe it was a Friday that I discovered the fried fish was pretty good. The chicken korma and pulao rice are passable as well.As for shopping, if I want to cut corners making a protein for dinner I stop by the "smokehouse" and grab some beef brisket or pulled pork. This is one of the few places that I can get Tazo iced tea without patronizing SB. They also have Bubbies ice cream mochi. I love the Raspberry White Chocolate flavor. The cheese, I could write a diacritical essay about the cheese selection. At this very moment I am munching on a cheddar cheese bought at WFs that has a delightfully spicy cajun rub on it. Oh, this makes my bf happy - they usually have a good selection of Stone Brewery  products in stock.
3	Finally, access to a grocery store near the airport...  choice wines, beers and healthy selections to boot.  A little more expensive than most grocers, but Monkey is very thankful for its location.  Monkey do SMOKED BEEF BRISKET for $10.99# today and stocked up on supplies for trip.
4	Of the four Whole Foods Markets situated throughout the Las Vegas area, this one has a lot more going for it:-- Big, Newer, Nice & Airy-- Melded into an interesting outdoor mall ('Town Square')-- Terrific Staff (read: as compared with some other WF's)-- Better Selection -- An interesting mix of visitors and locals (due to this one being adjacent to the airport, and located right on the Strip)I've been there so frequently since moving here, that I purchased their "Whole Foods Las Vegas" bags to carry items home in (note these bags are, in themselves, a nice tourist item)One thing that I've now done several times, is to actually meet someone at this WF to grab coffee or even dinner - a grouping of indoor tables, and some outdoor ones for when it's not too cranking hot (!) facilitate this. I hadn't previously thought of having dinner AT a Whole Foods, but when a girlfriend suggested it (and since it was her idea...), it turned out to be fun and a good venue to just talk. Plus whenever you think of having another, perhaps different 'something' to drink or munch on, There You Are...I've actually been to the 'home store' attached to the WF Headquarters building in downtown Austin, and this one clearly shares the 'flagship' design, both visually and in terms of what's on hand. Cheers
5	Seriously an oasis in the desert called Las Vegas.  Prices here are even higher than at home in California. But, I'd much rather spend a bit more and have some healthy choices in the hotel fridge.
3	I used to be a pretty big fan of WF, but I just can't justify spending so much money at the grocery store.  Now I only go there if I need something I can't get anywhere else.  I like their vegan pizzas, though.
4	Not sure when I began to frequent Whole Foods as often as I do. Maybe it is the fact that their smoothie and juice bar is amazing. It could also be that their bakery is reasonable and offer quite a few items that are allergy friendly. Yes, I still consider them to be more expensive than their competitors, but they also offer specials that bring them back to average prices. Wednesdays are good days to eat from their prepared food bar. $5.99 per pound is a better deal. Their cold grain salads and dolmas are a favorite. The baked sweet potato slabs and sesame noodles are also some items I can continuously eat. Even if I do not buy any groceries, I cannot help but to stop by the drink counter. The two girls working the bar are always chipper and friendly. I love the kombucha and have been experimenting with their green smoothies. This way I can try a few combinations before committing juicing completely. The Sara's Sweet Green Garden with Ginger is becoming one of my favorites. It is an acquired taste with the kale and ginger being heavily prevalent.
5	This Whole Foods blows all the other ones in Las Vegas to shreds!Located in Town Square, it has a HUGE parking lot that is ALWAYS full!I heard that Whole Foods has a bomb salad bar (who knew?!  I always just passed it by!) so I went on a Thursday at 12:00pm.  My GOD!  You would think they were giving away things at this place, by the way people were running in and out.  And all the people were at the hot & cold bars!For $7.99/lb you can mix & match the hot & cold bars.  The salad bar makes me so happy!  Kale, spinach, lettuce, all the veggie toppings you can think of, beans, FRESH PEAS, quinoa (red & brown), cheese, hard boiled eggs... I could go on forever!They have lots of dressing types.  My fav is the olive oil & vinegar.  They also have a lot of pasta dishes.  They also have a pho bar (TRUE!), a vegan bar, a soup bar, and a hot bar.  Oh did I mention they have falafel's?  I haven't tried them, but was totally impressed that they even had them!When you check out, they weigh your salad, they can rubber band the top & give you a bag if you want.  The silverware is after the check out's.I discovered this two weeks ago and have went 5 times!  haha!  LOVE the salad bar!Thank you Whole Foods for having a fresh salad bar that makes me feel good about what I'm eating!
4	I've shopped at a lot of different markets in Las Vegas, and yet I still find myself coming back to this one even though it's a 20 minute drive from my place.  The staff here is always super friendly and willing to help you find whatever you're looking for.  I think that they have the best looking produce around town, and while you won't always find some of the more exotic stuff there, the quality is always good.  I also really love their meat and seafood counter.  The people working behind them are super knowledgeable and willing to take the time to explain the difference in the cuts of meat or fish to you.  They also do custom cuts at no extra charge that I've noticed.  I also love that they smoke so many meats in house, as they make a great sandwiches in house.While I've never eaten from the salad bars, they always seem really busy at lunch time and the food does look good that's put out on them.  Their deli counter is nice, as is their specialty meat and cheese counter.  They have a really great cheese selection there, and the people working behind it know their stuff.  They also have a bunch of "restaurant" counters set up there where you can get hot food to either eat there or to go.  It's nice for when you want a quick lunch on the run, as you can put your order in, do your shopping, and then pick it up on your way to the register.Overall, I would recommend shopping here for your groceries.
4	This is the Super Wal-Mart of Whole Foods. Not only is this place in my neighborhood, but there is always great variety to be found at this location, & for all the times I've came here, every single thing I've needed has been in stock & available. The best thing about this particular location? The customer service & people watching. I've never had a bad experience with a worker here, they've always been super helpful & chatty at the registers. A lot of flow from The Strip also comes here, so the dining area by the front of the store is a great place to people watch & kick back. There's not too much else to say except this is a frequent haunt of mine!
4	I always go to this Whole Foods location because it's very close to home and it's huge. However, I've also had problems with snippy hipsters at check-out and people telling me they had things in stock, when in fact, they didn't. Love their hot & cold bar! There's always a huge selection and it's never been bad. Oh, and for those complaining about the price: it's Whole Foods. You're always going to pay more for quality, especially organic produce. If you're concerned about the prices, you probably shouldn't be there.Also, their bakery is awesome and I point this out because I'm a sucker for baked goodies. (:
5	love whole foods! It's totally over priced and totally snobby but you can get pretty much everything you will ever need here. rare stuff, exotic stuff, out of season stuff, organic, local-grown.The butcher department is really great too. I'm still kind of naive when it comes to cooking but they make me feel very comfortable asking questions that must seem retarded to them.The hot food bar and soup and salad bars are also awesome!
4	Close to home...I'm in here often. Not sure why I haven't reviewed it?I was there tonight for Splendor in the Glass preview...a bit cramped but otherwise a great event. Check out their website for a calender of events. They always have something cool going on. You can even take a yoga class.Their prepared food bar is great, and the price isn't bad. Their fresh produce and meats are beautiful. Some food can be a bit pricey but some of them are worth it. They sell some of their Whole Foods brand wine really cheap, and it pretty tasty too. We love to peruse their "by the bottle" beer section, always something new. We stock up on energy bar for our hikes. There's always cheese out to sample. My hubby gets a giant bar of chocolate and thinks its healthier because its from Whole Foods...he claims it cures everything. Their smoked in house bacon is pretty yummy too, wrap it around anything and it'll be a hit.Staff is always friendly and helpful. Market is clean.I even saw Marie Osmond here once!
4	Was in Vegas for 2 weeks. Great place to pick up a decent meal. They will grill any meat or fish you buy at no extra charge. Good if you're stuck in a hotel and want to eat healthy.
5	I LOVE Whole Foods!It may be expensive but it is SO worth it! Because of the close proximity I live in to this one I go there on a regular bases. I love the fact I can find anything! I do wish they would have the same features in all of there stores. I have to go to the Lake Mead one to use the refill Detergent dispenser. And I have seen ones that have where you can fill your own honey jars from different local honey. So cool! And I love that they have a Gluten Free section. Great Juice/smoothie bar!This location is always clean, has super friendly staff and usually carries what I am seeking.Whole Foods has become my Addiction. I can't stop shopping there!
4	It's odd when the healthiest lunch I can find in Vegas is in a grocery store. Then again, this isn't your ordinary grocery: Their salad bar is incredible and there are a few booths up front as well as tables in other parts of the store where you can sit and simply enjoy a meal. No casino sounds come from Whole Foods!Great store and great coffee bar!
3	I really like the atmosphere and the offerings at Whole Foods. The biggest problem is the cost of everything. I took my wife to eat lunch today and it was over $40.00. It seems like an elitist upper class grocery store. I noticed a lot of roided muscleheads, yogis, plastic barbies, and a few tanned middle aged guys in true religion jeans with super super tight t-shirts and  wearing beanies?? Anyways I guess it's a fun place to people watch. Also one other thing I noticed. An able bodied middle age woman driving a killer BMW getting her few groceries taken to her car by a young buff bag boy....Ha Ha.. Like Starbucks ,Whole Foods is a status symbol for the upper class and people who wish they were.
2	I have to add that this store is not well kept and the bathrooms are disgustingly filthy each time I have visited. There are key items I shop for and this store often has many out of stocks. Like the other while foods on west charleston... Most items poorly priced, and there doesn't seem to be a rhyme or reason for the layout of the items in the store.  The major plus to visiting this store is the amount of beautiful ladies that always happen to be shopping here!
4	I really enjoy Whole Foods' salad bar in general, and the same can be said of this location as well. The quality of the food is great and worth the price! This is one of the Whole Foods locations in the Las Vegas area that I have frequented the most. Staff is pretty friendly and helpful for the most part. Oh and did I mention that this is definitely a great way to eat healthier?At least it's relatively far away from the busy Las Vegas strip so parking and traffic aren't too much of a problem.
4	This seems to be the only place in Los Vegas to get healthy, clean food. The few times I went the store was relatively empty, which was nice. I knocked off a star because while I was standing at the counter having a sandwich made, the guy  helping me was making lewd comments about an attractive girl that was walking by. Incredibly unprofessional and flat out gross.
4	Why can't all grocery stores be like this?  Besides being a grocery store with great selection of healthy choices, some organic, they prepare and serve food on site.I try to have a vegetarian meal from time to time, and this place has a ton of options, including Vegan.  They have a rockin salad bar, grilled veggie bar, olive bar, Poki bar, and... you name it.  So with all those options, what did I get?  A delicious, large cheeseburger. Err....   Hey, grass fed wholesome beef sounded good that day, and it was.  The grill chef wasn't working last Sunday when I visited, but someone else stepped up and got the deed done.  The burger was cooked medium so lost some of it's flavor, but was still good.  Fresh veggies on the burger and the delicious bun added to my enjoyment.   I wanted a micro brew from their huge selection to compliment the flavor, but was driving out of town that afternoon, so decided to stay awake instead.We literally spend hours in the store, because there is so much cool stuff to look at, besides enjoying our good meal.  It's cool to have this choice somewhat close to the strip.
5	When I eat at home, I try to eat as much organic as possible. The butcher shop and seafood are top quality. I love the different selection of juices and organic milk. Most people don't know this but almost all orange juice and milk is ultra pasteurized. Which means they boil the liquid so hot that it eliminates all bacteria and nutrients from it. After doing so, they throw in all the flavorings (o.j.), vitamins, etc. into it. That is why orange juice tastes different even though the oranges come from the same sources. Companies are not at liberty to tell the public what exactly is in the flavorings. Whole foods has flash pasteurized milk and juice options which is pretty good in my book. (obviously getting your milk and juice straight from the sources and not through a super market container is the best, but I don't live near an organic farm to milk a cow for one and two I don't have a juicer! As far as pricing is concerned, you pay for what you are getting. Getting all organic foods from Vons is just as expensive as Whole Foods but without the wide selection.I'd rather pay $35 dollars for my 2 pounds of steak every week at WFM than pay half that at Walmart or Smith's.
5	Big ups to Kathryn at the juice bar for her patience, helpfulness and terrific attitude!  We asked for a custom smoothie that turned out to be mush, more than beverage.  Kathryn was kind enough to redo the order into be best juice ever.  Big thanks for the awesome customer service. Monkey love the prepared foods section and organic produce available at any given time.  Great oasis in the land of obesity buffets.
5	This is one of the best WF I've been to. Selection is huge, clean, and some places to dine. They also have free WiFi. It's a nice drive or bus ride from the strip which makes this place even better. Most shoppers are locals, not many tourists,
4	GREAT staff!  Very helpful & nice.  Bought something that needed to be chilled and they not only got me a cold bag but got me a bag of ice for the drive home.  As usual Whole Foods is pricey but honestly you get what you pay for with the products here vs a regular grocery store.  Very big location and they have everything you could need including some hard to find nutrition books I was looking for!  I LOVE the Pho noodle bar.  It's build your own like a salad bar!  Very cool! A great spot!
5	I spend a lot of time of the road. Which also means I have had the opportunity to experience a LOT of Whole Foods locations.This location is one of the BEST Whole Foods that I have visited, from California to New York and a lot of stops in between.The hot foods sections has some amazing vegan options. The tempeh sandwiches are ridiculous. The smoothie bar is delicious. Their selection of produce is wonderful for the region.I come here every time I am in Vegas and won't be stopping any time soon.
4	It's that place everyone loves to hate. Whole Foods is full of pretentious overpriced but awesomely delicious and healthy foods. I would probably eat and shop here every day if I could afford to. This location in particular is great for being located in Town Square. Whether you really consider it to be a grocery store, or i guess a boutique organic food market, Whole Foods will definitely have whatever exotic organic tofu infused food you want.My favorite is of course the salad bar, which is like no other salad I have seen. You by weight but the options are virtually limitless. Couple that with their excellent deli selections of thick sliced marinated bacon, gourmet bacon and blue cheese burger patties and chicken cuts. This place has pretty much everything you could want to satisfy your foodie needs.The location in Town Square is extra nice. It looks like the spent a good amount of money making this place look fancy. People and service of course are super nice. The huge selection of drinks and trail mixes ad to the fun! Just remember that it costs about double what you get at Albertson's but in the end you do get what you pay for.
5	I love this place , Im there all the time for My morning juice and I love the lunch area !!
1	This goes out to the food bar and prepared foods section. I've eaten from this section many times, usually as a quick meal before going to the movies and I have to say that the food is just completely bland. Every time I try something new and every time I am very disappointed. When I eat this crap I feel like a really old person who has lost their sense of taste and smell.I don't know how it's possible for food to look so good and taste like nothing.Last time I bought food from this section the turkey wrap tasted bland, the BBQ chips were VERY hard and bland, the pork steam bun had nasty brown MUSH filling that didn't taste like pork AT ALL, and the pasta had hard pieces mixed in, again no flavor. It is a damn shame because there's nothing good to eat around town square for under $10. I don't have a big appetite, I'm not looking for a big steak, just something small and good to tide me over until the next meal.
3	We stopped here for lunch before a matinee at Rave, so this review is mostly for their food bar area.The pizza that we ordered had probably been sitting there for 3-4 hours. When she put it in the oven to heat it up, it barely did anything to reheat the pizza except make it grosser. It was crap on a cracker--the cheese hardly melted the crust was so dry it turned into a cracker. The flavor was good (Hawaiian BBQ), but it did not have the melty gooey qualities I look for in a slice of pizza. It is fairly cheap, especially with the individual drink bottles around the corner, but I was disappointed in the quality of the old pizza. The rest of the store is alright--a good selection and lots of it--but I'm going to think twice before stopping for lunch again.
5	Awesome place to stock up on all the essentials before you begin your stint in Vegas! And one of the least expensive meals you'll have there (if you're staying in the Wynn/Encore). Things you need: -Coconut water for hydration after all the libations-Cheap, nice quality spirits (thinking of you, Maker's Mark)-Mixers-Sunscreen-Aloe gel-somewhat health(ier) snacks-Fruits to keep somewhat healthy during your stay-Gluten free goodies for when the tour you go on doesn't have anything gluten free.-Bottled water to stay hydratedand more! I love Whole Foods!
2	I tend to avoid Whole Foods as a rule of thumb due to the high sense of entitlement exhibited by both customer and employee alike. However, when I do stop by, I'm relegated to the fact that I will grossly overpay for their products. At least the quality of their products is pretty consistent and good.My last trip was the absolute worst. I went in because a friend wanted to use the restroom and decided to get an Arnold Palmer (for those who don't know, it's iced tea & lemonade). Upon checkout, the cashier said it was over $6! I said it can't be right and that her screen reads "smoothie" but she said "I already rang it in and the other counter wrote the code." I asked if she thought $6 was a bit excessive for tea and lemonade and she replied, "no. If you have a problem, you can go back to the other counter, but you still have to pay for this (the drink)."  I reluctantly paid and asked for a receipt and she could not provide one.So, both incompetence and rudeness. I now begin my complete ban of all Whole Foods stores. Way to not care!
5	This is my FAVORITE location in the Las Vegas/Henderson area. The store is massive, the selections on products are endless, its clean, and the food bar is awesome! I get happy walking in and seeing that huge foodbar! Burritos', bowls, asian dishes, fresh squeezed juices, name it and its here! The fresh food tastes great, and theres a giant open fridge if you want to grab a drink while you snack down. Also, check out the beer/wine section!
5	Service = greatFood = delicious I absolutely love this place.  Pricy, but thats what you pay for organic food.
5	Whole Foods is my favorite place to shop for groceries because of the huge selection of organic items. The staff is very friendly & always asking if you need help. They have everything there. They carry so many natural & organic hard to find items. Great organic produce, local items, nice tea selection, alcohol, organic grass fed meat at the butcher section, snack bar, coffee bar, bakery & ready to eat food. You can even get a back massage. They compost & recycle. In case you forget your reusable bags, they use paper bags so you won't have to worry about those plastic bags that lasts forever & is harmful to the planet. Watch that documentary Bag It & you won't want to use another plastic bag again. Whole Foods is environmentally friendly, healthy diet friendly & staff friendly so I really love coming here. They always ask if you need ice for your cold items when you check out. The only complaint I have about this place is how much money I spend here compared to Trader Joe's or Sunflower Market sometimes on produce but then again it's closer to my house so I save on gas. It's worth it knowing I'm not putting or ingesting harmful chemicals, pesticides fungicides, herbicides or unnecessary antibiotics in my body so thank God for places like Whole Foods for people that are living the healthy lifestyle. If you think about it, in the end you're saving yourself money from the crazy medical bills.
4	If you have a chance, try their Morrocan lamb soup. It is the most delicious thing I've ever tried in a long time.
4	Love whole foods.  Love this location.  I always stop in here when I am shopping at Town Square.  Sometimes the employees in the sandwhich/pizza/etc area are pretty slow and don't seem to care to much about getting peoples orders in and made.  But, besides that it is very nice.  My favorite treat is the strawberry lemonade sorbet from the gelato counter.  Amazing!
5	Really helpful staff, really great produce and perfect location(there's a Boba place nearby, pretty important for me). Definitely the only place I buy cooking materials from. I have to mention the calzone I bought there was pretty bad, but I don't go to Whole Foods for calzones(but I just had to know).
4	The staff is always, always courteous and very knowledgeable. I make a point of going there at least once a week for lunch and to just look around too.
5	Whole Foods must be one of the best super markets created. The ambiance here is wonderful and I love the culture of the company. Yes, the prices are a little more but I really feel like you pay for the service you get which is definitely worth it for me.
4	Whole foods Market is a great place to find many organic produce and also retail items such as soap, shampoos & conditioners, natural detergent, etc.  I do enjoy shopping here but however the prices are pretty steep. My brother call is whole paycheck ..get it? because it can seriously cost a paycheck to shop here. lol.
5	Very nice store! Great location....
4	This location lacks a few things that the one closer to us has. There are certain drinks (our coconut water for one) isn't at this location. Rather than being able to pay for all merchandise at one time, they make you pay for juices and other food separately at the counter that you order them at.Other than that, this location has tons of seating throughout the store. The staff is uber friendly and helpful. You see tons more tourists since its on LV Blvd. The best part for us is that it's on the way to work! Lol
5	When you walk into Whole foods Market located at Town square in Las Vegas your eyes immediately veer to your right at the amazing produce department. After wandering around there for a bit you must stroll into the juice aisles..Just about any kind of combination, natural, exotic juice you can imagine. Then pull yourself together from all of the selections and carry on. On the next couple of aisles you would find so many various items all pertaining to your health and well being. What I found is that they stock just about any major health food brand.Located centrally in the store you will find T-shirts, candles, lotions, make- up stuff that apeals to your senses and beauty!One of my personal favorite places in the store is the fabulous Deli located to the far left of the store..Yum. Get your taste buds ready for such an array of great taste. Last time I visited I probably only spent around $ 40.00..and can't wait to go again! This is the best place for whole food items,bar none!
5	This location is fricken outstanding.Aside from the awesome, ever-changing, incoming beer selections, special events are hosted here...I was present for the Oktoberfest/Tenaya Creek tasting dinner, which was astounding.Thank you Diona for an awesome evening! You never disappoint!The food was incredible, the pairings were awesome, and we even made friends there that we hung out at Tenaya Creek with later that evening :DIt was an overall awesome evening, and I can't wait for the next similar event!PS: try the pili pili chili dark chocolate bar!!!! If you're looking for new foods to try, everything here is all natural, organic, and unlike things you've ever had.
5	Came to buy some flowers and organic fruits.I picked up Kale that was on sale, Strawberries and red grapes that were deliviously naturally sweetened!Unfortunately, I had an incident with the flowers when I got into my car, but the staff were very kind to give me a refund since it was a time sensitive issue.Expect great customer service and knowledgeable staff at this Town Square location The cafe is fantastic as well.Definitely quality over quantity !
4	This Whole Foods looks quite new.  This company continues to refine its stores and add more and more interesting stuff as time goes by.  This particular store has a juice bar, which I have only seen in Arizona so far.  Yum.  Wine and beer are sold in the store too, and as  usual their selection of fresh food is really high-quality.  The only thing that looked sad was the fish, but it's Vegas, it's land-locked.
5	im not sold on the whole "organic" products since the FDA regulates everything, even "organic" products. but whole foods market  does have an awesome selection of higher quality food. organic or not. the buffet there has an excellent variety of food for you to eat. i started to eat better food after watching this:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLjgBLwH3Wcand whole foods market is a good place to start.
5	I love this place but I hate the prices.  It really does cost a lot but, I feel that it is worth it.  I am getting great quality food for my buck or bucks......I do not do an entire grocery shopping list from here, but I do get a few of the organic products and the gluten free products I can't get elsewhere.  I have been to the Las Vegas Blvd location many times but this particular time I was there I ran into the gentleman that cuts alt he fruit and veggies.  OMG....A BIG CART filled with beautiful cut strawberries, pineapple, carrots, etc etc etc...I fell in love and asked for a picture.  you can truly see the difference between the organic fresh products and the ones that arent......They have a large variety at the hot bar and salad bar but, sometimes it is a hit and miss with the vegetarian hot bar.  I have gotten a few things that I am not happy about and since you can't taste before you buy, its hard to determine if you should put a big scoop or a small scoop.  I recently had the carrot ginger soup and boy was it tastttttyyyyy!  I could have eaten the entire pot!  The customer service is so helpful!  They have a lot of knowledge about the products and if you ask to sample something they are happy to cut up serve you anything.
3	The 8th Day of Christmas.I consider Whole Foods to be the Saks Fifth Avenue of grocery stores.  I never go there unless my friend, Mr. Big, wants to eat there because he wants to eat healthy and he can afford the prices, hence one of the reasons I call him Mr. Big.  We met up at this location on Tuesday night for another pricy meal and to exchange our Christmas gifts.  I got there first so decided to just browse and compare prices and, case in point, the same 12 oz. bag of semi-sweet Ghirardelli chocolate chips I buy at Target for $2.69 a bag sell for $4.99 at Whole Foods--WTH?    Oh well, I guess if you have the money, do what you want.  I consider it a treat to eat here if that's what Mr. Big wants to do.  I had a slice of lasagna, a small order of roasted butternut squash, and a bottle of some organic soda, while he had two orders of the already-prepared sushi in the plastic containers and a bottle of water and the bill came to $35+.  If it were me paying for our meal for that money, I'd rather go someplace else and get more bang for the buck, but that's just me.  Mr. Big has a bigger wallet than me, but a big heart, too, so, thanks to him, sometimes I get to see how the other half lives.  It's a nice place to visit, but I sure can't afford to live there.
5	Whole foods has become my savior since being diagnosed celiac. They have 2 whole isles dedicated to gluten free products. From gluten & nut free granola to gluten free turkey corn dogs they have everything you could want. Also all of their deli meats are gluten free! The employees at whole foods are always so nice and helpful. I don't understand why everyone complains about the prices either. Their really not that bad considering the quality. WFM also has amazing produce. So fresh! And don't get me started on the wine & beer selection... Love this place!
4	The selection and location of this store is great. I know it may not offer the best prices in town, however, if I can find what I'm looking for and it's difficult to find it in local supermarkets, I'm happy. I love the self-serve grains and nuts section A LOT. You just get what you want and how much you want. Fabulous. And it was easy to find my favorite, Israeli couscous. I also enjoy the ready-made food area. Best salad selections!  I love throwing all my favorite vegetables and grains into a container to eat quickly for lunch. They even had a farmer's market in their parking lot called "Food 52" on Friday morning. I didn't get a chance to check it out this time, but I like their location choice since the other two farmer's markets in town are held far from my home.
4	I was at Town Square and I decided to get some things at this Whole Foods.  It may be my imagination, but the store seemed larger and better stocked than the one I normally go to on West Charleston.Their meat section was very good.  On the other hand, I thought the cheese area had less of a choice than what I'm used to.  I did get some steaks and some vegetables.Checkout was quick.  The 10 items or less line was non-existent and I was out of the store quickly.  I'm not sure if I'll be back.  Shopping 10 miles from home when it's not necessary isn't what I do.
5	THIS is what I want when I spend money at Whole Foods. If I have to pay top dollar, then I want to feel like I'm buying the best produce/meat. My local Whole Foods (Green Valley) has seriously been slipping. Their produce is hit or miss. On a weekend, it's a hassle to shop at with the crowds and the parking lot is always a nightmare. But this location? Totally different. I was walking around this store in amazement! Very specious, CLEAN, and fully stocked. I was able to linger a bit and look at items I've been curious about. I'm in the area 5 days/week so I'll definitely be returning here.
1	Absurd prices, they fail to tell you that most of their "conventional" produce and products are full of chemicals and GMO cancer causing ingredients but still charge you double what others do.  Check out www.drvita.com for products at 50% less cost.
5	This is a great store to visit..especially if you are visiting from out of town and are looking for something healthy to eat...fantastic salad bar on offer...but there is a fantastic selection of ready to eat foods on offer...Sushi,Korean BBQ,Pizza,subs and sandwiches,soups,hot dishes..I could go on but best to go there and try it out as I did when staying in Vegas for a few weeks...loved it....
4	This is probably the largest of all of the Whole Foods in town and because of its proximity to the Strip, probably the most expensive. Outside of its size, this WF isn't anything out of the ordinary. Pretty produce display. Check. Friendly meat counter. Check. Endless vegetarian/vegan...things. Check. What I will note is that this location appears to have a more expansive juice bar/deli/made to order situation that takes up the entire south wall of the the shop. In WF tradition they have a pretty great salad and hot bar that changes daily offering a variety of lettuces, cheeses, proteins and grain salads. This WF also offers fairly inexpensive classes from time to time (I took a flower arranging course here once-fun!) and hosts interactive dinners featuring local chefs. They're really good about staying engaged in the community with events. They also host the Fresh 52 farmer's market on the north end of the parking lot on Fridays. If you're staying close to the Strip and need a few food staples, this isn't the cheapest option, but it's probably the best in terms of quality and selection. The staff is nice for the most part (there are apathetic hipsters at EVERY WF-you just can't avoid them), and the store is clean and easy to navigate. Thumbs up!
4	I SO wish I lived in Las Vegas so I could try some of this location's made-in-house bacon.  They look SO good in the case.  Ditto for the smoked meat, which is never a practical possibility since we always seem to eat before going to Town Square.But that longing aside, I always find some interesting goodies or sale items that the Hawaii Whole Foods locations don't have.  One example is the baked-in-LA Bart's cookies that the Hawaii Whole Foods don't carry regularly.  Another is the varieties of peanut butter that similarly aren't shipped over from the mainland.
4	Delicious and nutritious, what else do you need moron!?If only the cashiers weren't grumpy buttholes that gave me dirty looks every time I come in my work uniform, this place would be a great big ball of yes! Sometimes you might have to fight off a white middle-class housewife in Coach heels for the last loaf of organic vegan bread, but the glory of victory is worth it.
2	This review is only for the ceviche I picked up. I was too lazy make it for our GNI and I had been to a party once and the woman had picked up some really good looking ceviche from Whole Foods so I decided to get some for the partay! The only stuff I saw was with some small shrimp - I looked around for some different ceviche with some bigger shrimp but I didn't find any. I decided on the small shrimp ceviche and a  little of the scallop citrus ceviche. MEH. I have definitely had better. There definitely wasn't enough lime in the shrimp ceviche and it had an odd aftertaste. I don't recommend this.
4	I used to make fun of the weird yuppy people who shopped at Whole Foods until I realized the prices aren't as horrible as people say they are and the staff is over the top friendly.They have a wonderful selection of meats, cheeses and seafood and I think it's the perfect place to make a nice Tuscan meal at.  I wouldn't advise coming here to buy the same brands you can purchase at Smith's as you'll pay a premium, however you can taste the difference in quality.One odd thing I've discovered are the hand-made soaps near the checkout lane.  After using one bar, I now get all of my soap here, it smells very fresh and is from a local business owner!
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 2/100I L-O-V-E this bid daddy Whole Foods Market!  It's my favorite within the greater Las Vegas area. The store has a massive selection of organic and natural (and hard to find) products.  Yes, I can understand why they nickname Whole Foods 'whole paycheck.' However, I'm also a firm believer that you get what you pay for. When you fork over your wallet for the organic treats, you're also funding an ethically run business- and that comes at a cost. I will continue my love affair with this chain and enjoy my frequent visits
5	This store is wonderful. I just found out about this location. As always I need a healthy place to shop and store up food at home. And this store provides me with a huge clean store with tons on tons of healthy choices. The store is clean & the staff are professional. I have called ahead before arriving to the store to ask about seeds and things and the staff are very knowledgeable and understanding. Meats, Seeds, Milk, Eggs, and other items can be found here. This is not a cheap store go on pay day. If you seek fresh food this is the store for you. You wont find bad items here. The meats are fresh the veggies are as well.
2	Overpriced, even on things you can get the same of at walmart or food4less. They try to upsell you at the ice, people think its free when they ask if you would like ice, but its not. Ill start shopping here again when I am rich.
2	Walking into Whole Foods, i always feel like some part of an "in-crowd" that doesn't quite need a label.  It's always busy and everyone seems to be in-the-know about what they're looking for and where they're going.  I, on the hand, usually wander around like a lost puppy trying not to look like a noob.  And it's not that I AM a noob, it's just that I have only gone in there about 15 times total in my entire life and still that lost puppy feeling seems to come over me with every visit.Onto the food - I have gotten wraps here several times and they seem to be out of things constantly!  One day it was cheese, another it was dill pickles, another it was spinach. I mean, this is a GROCERY store - go get more veggies!!  They take forever and if you're lucky enough to get the "good wrap maker" as we've named him, your wrap is awesome, otherwise it's sloppy, and then you're $8 out for a sloppy wrap.The other thing I don't really like is the way the self-serve food is set up.  It's confusing.  And the pathetic sad pho station?  Just forget it.  It's expensive and it's not even the right noodles.The check out lines are horrid so if you're on a lunch break, give yourself an extra 15 minutes because the lines are long and they are sloooooooow.  My last gripe.  I went in here today to get a bday card and it was $9!!  I was desperate because it was for a coworker who I didn't know it was their birthday until today so I just bought it, but it just seems so wrong.  It wasn't even one of those unique pretty cards or one that played music, it was just a plain old card that I could've paid 99 cents for at Target.
4	I love Whole Foods, but don't come if you are in a hurry.
4	Expensive!  But they have some hard to find items, and i would come here for those items specifically.The deli/bar area looked and smelled appealing...would be a cool place to grab a bite before grabbing odds and ends, but if I was shopping by the cartload here, my wallet would ache LOLAgain, I would recommend it for the rare/difficult to find items for what you need, but I won't be doing my weekly/biweekly grocery shopping here.
4	Don't tell anyone, I go to whole foods to get donuts!!!Yes i said it...I love there donuts...its very good and high quality...only 99 cent to 2 dollar....I also love there brownies, cookies and danish, croissantsI also go there to eat there tacos...its a self serve, pay per lb....I also go there to buy coconut water for 1.65If you want to eat healthy you can have a great salad, but thats for the birds....I also love there local selection of vodka and whiskey....
4	I always pop in here for a quick salad when I'm doing some shopping at Town Square.  Closest Whole Foods to my house for the summer!
5	Love this place!
4	What's not to love about Whole Foods?!?!!  It's an amazing place with a lot of  different food options.  They've taken the grocery store/restaurant concept to a whole new level.  You enter the store and see a beautiful produce display!  Lots of top quality fruits and vegetables to choose from.  In the back of the store, you have the meat and seafood station, the smoked hot food station and the seafood salad ready to eat station.  A little pricey at $14.99 a pound, however, I noticed that they had Ahi Tuna Poke today!  LOVE THAT!  On the other side of the grocery store, you're taken to a high quality food court!  Asian, Spanish, Vegan options and much more!  Today a made a salad with grilled portobello mushroom caps, shredded cabbage, garlic beef, squash and eggplant.  It was so yummy, but super expensive.  It ran me $11.  It was good, however, I'm sure it would have tasted better if it were under $10 at least LOL.  All in all, you definitely should make your way to Whole Foods at some point in your life.  It's a great grocery store and has some great food options.  I'll be back for sure!!!
5	Y'all don't know  how good you have it. How I wish this Whole Foods was my Whole Foods, rather than being the Whole Foods that is currently a five-hour plane ride away from me. The beer selection is large and well groomed, with informational messages to help you out if you left your phone in the car and don't have access to your Untappd app/ Beer Advocate website. This store in general is quite large with great food options, a layout that makes sense, and friendly employees. We were also there while the farmers market was braving the 110 degree heat, and bought a tasty cold brewed iced coffee.Please bring this Whole Foods to Jersey.
4	One of the better Whole Foods I've been to in the country. I stop in here every time I fly into Las Vegas on my way into the desert and stock up on provisions.
5	great!
5	my favorite market
1	Reviewing the Made-To-Order Drink and Food Bars:Unacceptable.  At 8 am on a Monday, a client and I waited an hour for: 1 egg white omelette1 cold sandwich 1 iced coffee1 fresh juice(Total bill about $45.)I was mortified and frustrated will never go back again.Staff did not seem to care, nor did they give us an approximate wait time (the juice alone took 20 minutes).
3	If they're not going to give me a no-bag discount for eating my meal in the store they need to do a better job of cleaning.the tables. People who eat here seem to be used to having a maid or have a selective blindness of trash bins. Also, if the cashier knows I'm eating a salad in, then give me a fork that they hide at the registers.I don't blame the employees. I blame management.Good job on the organic section of the salad bar.
5	My life saver in Vegas! I was in Vegas for a week and Whole Foods help me eat and drink without breaking the bank! Friendly staff, easily accessible and all the great items you know and love from WF!
5	This Whole Foods over at Town Square is a little bigger than the W Charleston store. They have a larger selection at the salad & food bars. It is a great place to stop for lunch if you work in the area.
4	I love this location it's huge, it's got everything plus some, and the employees there are very helpful and nice. What I really love here are the soups, salad bar, and quick eateries. Often times my husband and I after a day of work will be tired and not what to make dinner. We only go to a very small list of fast food places and don't like to go often because its not good for us. Wholefoods is a nice alternative to those fast food places. It's decently priced and they use the same ingredients that I do at home. You can read and pronounce all of the ingredients and they are usually minimal, no extras.  The soups are my favorite go to's. They have at least 15 different kinds of soups at one time, all that I have tried are tasty.
5	Ate a healthy breakfast of fruits and a zucchini (which is my favorite) muffin. I saw someone getting a massage and felt like getting a massage too so, I did. It's $1.00 a minute or a special for 60-min for $55.00. I took the 60-min massage on the massage table or you can sit on the massage chair so it's your preference. His name is James Bradley and he's there Wed-Sat 11am to 6pm. I wanted a FIRM massage but it was too firm so he toned it down. It was relaxing and something I needed. Today, my body is a little sore which he already told me because I haven't had a massage in a very long time. It's a great feeling to know that your massage therapist did a good job. If you like firm massages, he is the one to go to. I'm going back next week.
3	This whole foods is great other than the fact that they close their register early for the espresso bar. Most the time we only come in to get a drink and a snack and we have to go through a ridiculous process of taking a receipt over to a register (sometimes the codes don't work) and then finding a seat, heading back to get our drink. It takes as long as a restaurant walking around from place to place, and is just as expensive.  This process would be much much more simple if the register at the espresso bar, or AT LEAST the express lane stayed open. I truly hope management takes this into consideration. Thanks!
5	This location always has my favorite vosage chocolate amount all of the other things I need each week.  Very nice staff.
4	This Whole Foods on Las Vegas Blvd and right in Town Square is probably one of my least frequented Whole Foods. Mainly because I will try to avoid it because of the amount of traffic and time it takes to get here. Also, the place is a awash with tourists. AKA people who are staying on the strip and want to stock their hotel rooms up with organic goodies.Other than that the store is a good size. They still have the hot/cold food bars, etc. and everything you would come to expect from a Whole Foods.I came for beans, and really enjoyed the amount and different style of beans they have to offer. In fact, I had no idea there were such kinds of beans to be found in this world until I shopped at Whole Foods for them. They had a lot of "heirloom" beans, which may be out just for the fall season, I'm not sure.Checkout was all right, the cashier was a little haughty towards me, but oh well, I can live.Overall I'd return if I were in the area.
5	Best. WHole foods. Ever. Coming from San Francisco, I have seen my fair share of WF Markets. This one tops them all. A-L-L. WIthin vicinity of the strip (though too far to walk), it's a great stop on the way to the hotel. The salad bar is FAR better than any I have ever seen. A good 5 times larger, too. The quality is top notch and the lay out is spacious. It's not expensive considering the rates of anything on the strip. Wow. Speechless and in love.
4	Love it here! They have so many things here! Bulk foods, nuts, coffee, very nice produce as well. I get my gluten free bread mix there, and other gluten free goodies as well..
3	This was my first time in a Whole Foods market. I must say, I expected more. I have Celiac Disease, and require gluten free foods. I was staying in Las Vegas for a week, and wanted to minimize eating out because of my gluten issues. I fully anticipated being able to find foods for me at WF. Others in my party were able to buy a wide variety of freshly made foods from the various food stations throughout the store. I, however, was able to buy only one single serving pizza and some sliced deli meats. Nothing else ready made was gluten free. They had never heard of Paleo  Wraps, never mind carrying them. And when I asked various staff whether something was gluten free they didn't even know what I meant. Seriously???  That would never happen at my local health foods store!The health food store in my home town is half the size, and has twice the variety of foods available for those who must eat gluten free. Even their deli has foods for me that are ready to heat and eat. I will never again wonder what I'm missing by not having a Whole Foods store nearby.
4	One of the better Whole Foods I've been to.  Has a good juice bar, and lot's prepared food options.  Best fresh produce I've been able to find in Las Vegas.I'm only giving 4 stars because they only sell their bread by the whole loaf instead of over half loaf option. Also parking at Town Sq. was a bit of a pain.If you are in LV for the Marathon this is a great place to get healthy supplies.  Also during the WSOP saw lot's of poker players milling about getting their fruits and veggies!
5	For Vegas, This Place has the Best Food in Vegas.  SO FRESH AND ORGANIC.  Reminds me of back home in the Bay Area.  Yes its pricey but you get what you pay for.
4	Awesome whole foods! Loved the variety and the amount of "local" items specifically to Vegas was awesome! Blows my whole foods in Philly out of the water!
5	I LOVE the LOCAL SUSTAINABLE SUPPORT!! If we ALL support organic, local food, those big companies would be forced to change!! POWER IN NUMBERS! just sayin ;;D
5	My husband and I are huge fans of Whole Foods and this is our favorite Las Vegas location.  I'm not sure if the store is bigger than the others in the area, but it seems bigger to us.  We love the coffee section and the fact that we can grind our own beans.  The produce and fruit is always the freshest of any grocery store we've been to here.  I really like talking to the butchers - they will tell you which meats are better for things like roasts & chili.  They are super friendly and seem to really enjoy working there.  And, of course, there's the booze section.  Organic wine, expensive wine, cheap wine, local wine... so much wine!  & beer and whatever else you might fancy.This location also features handmade goods from local artists like soaps & bath oils.  You can also buy TOMS and other earth-friendly shoes & apparel there.Now, I know most people's issue with Whole Foods is the price.  Yes, they are definitely more expensive on most things than the usual grocery store chains.  However, I've found that if you stick mostly to the Whole Foods Brands, the prices aren't that bad.  We usually buy organic milk, eggs, produce, etc at the regular grocery store anyway.  So, for us, the price isn't much different.  They also put a lot of coupons for the products they carry on their website.  I feel like taking 30 minutes to print out some coupons before we go there really isn't that much work for better quality food and it really helps with keeping the price down.  My favorite thing about this Whole Foods is that it's never crowded.  I'm always surprised since it is technically on the strip but honestly, I guess that's why.  Tourists don't really grocery shop so only the few locals that will venture down by the strip shop there.  I always feel like I have the whole place to myself!
4	I still have a love hate relationship with Whole Foods..... just like many, I love the quality of Whole Food products and natural selection, but some items are expensive. I sign it off as you get what you pay for and with how much I'm paying, I know it's quality. And that helps me sleep at night. lolMy favorite sections are: Salad Bar area - there is a large variety of healthy itemsMade to Order Sandwiches - their made to order sandwiches are really good... well of course, they are, I created it! Sushi selection - they have brown rice sushi and good quality fish. Pizza - they can me made to order, but you can ask for the current selection and pricing is based on weightCheese area - they have this small area with cheeses that are less than $5, so I can buy a small piece just to try something new.Fish selection - albeit expensive, the selection is high quality and freshI'm always finding reasons to stop by... did someone say potluck? What should I bring!?
2	Inexplicably Whole foods switched out their baked goods supplier and now they don't have decent chocolate or almond croissants anymore.   Now I have to go to Panera bread, Starbucks or the local bakeries.   Bad move, I hear that a lot of customers are complaining about this.
3	If you try and eat oatmeal in the morning they sell it for $6.99 per lb unlike regular WF which is $2.49 for small cup .... hehehehe so what I am trying to say is , because of the proximity to the strip some prices are ridiculous  but you can always find bargains at any WF just have to look for them :) smoothies are cheaper then other places .. btwSometimes late in the evening only few cashiers and the lines are ridiculous  ...
5	In a place like Vegas where everywhere you go there is tons of smoke and unhealthy eating options,  Whole Foods is like a much needed breath of FRESH air! I was in bad need of a body detox on the last day of our trip before driving back and because I had caught a bug I really needed something to get me through the 9 hr drive. I knew I could grab my Suja raw juice and Elderberry syrup for the road as it was only a few miles from our hotel. Thanks for caring a piece of home away from home for me!
4	I love this store.  The prices are sometimes high....however, they do sell top quality produce, meat, fish and baked goods.  They often have good sales which helps out alot.  It is always clean and the staff are helpful.
3	Fruit's not supposed to be blue and hairy - unless it's a little old.I'm a huge fan of WholeFoods - use it as my reference point when I'm on tour. This store is not as good as WF can be. Still better than WM or other grocery stores but...Moldy Fruit.Cold hot barTasteless OrangesTasteless Apples.Salmon Poke salad ehStaff is great. But it's a grocery store and groceries are what count.Three stars based on my previous WF experiences.
4	I like this place and spend A LOT of time at it. I am probably there AT LEAST 2x a week and even took Yoga classes through Barefoot Sanctuary who holds them at the store. There is something very peaceful and comforting about Whole Foods Markets. Out of all of the WF locations in the Las Vegas area, this one is the best....BUT, it could still be better and I hope they will continue to improve. I travel constantly and in every city I go to I look for a Whole Foods to stock up. I have found some that are okay and some that are absolutely AMAZING. I would love for this store to be as amazing at the location in Albuquerque, New Mexico and Coddington in Santa Rosa, CA. Those two so far are the ultimate for me. I spent hours in each. They had more product, more variety and so much more in the cosmetics, clothing section, which is important to me. I was in heaven, exploring and probably spent a couple hundred dollars in each store. I wish this location offered more jewelry, clothing, fragrances, candles, etc. I love to find the natural options of these sort of things. Also, the hot food in this location, while really good and this is only a minor complaint, needs refreshing a little more often. I find that things look dried out or brown from sitting and that's not appetizing. They also need to make sure the coffee is always fresh and hot. Several times, I've pumped out a cup, only to find it lukewarm. Also, for a period of time, this location offered these unbelievably yummy fresh squeezed juices, which they kept ready made, on ice. Quick, easy and delicious. I loved the watermelon juice and the strawberry juice, etc. After getting me hooked on them, they suddenly stopped making them and have never brought them back, which was very disappointing. Now there is only iced tea that they offer in it's place. Whole Foods Las Vegas ~ Bring it back, please!! All in all though, this is a good Whole Foods and if you come to Las Vegas looking for a WF, this is the best one to go to. After this location, I would recommend the Green Valley market. I am not as impressed with the locations that are up North.
4	The best place in Town Square to grab a healthy quick bite. The made-to-order roast beef and arugula sandwich with red onion jam was excellent. The drink selection is flawless. Kale smoothies, iced coffees, espressos are offered here. They have the elusive cold, bottled Stumptown cofee and Kombucha in so many flavors. And 49 cent water? Yes, ma'am, you heard that right. Expect me to stop by here during my summer shopping excursions. I would rather eat and drink here than those lame kiosks by the kids playground.
4	The location of the store was great, as it's conveniently located in Town Square with so many different stores around. The store was large and like most Whole Foods it had most things I was looking for. The only reason we actually came here was because I got really sick right before out weeklong stay in Vegas and I needed some natural remedies to take care of my stomach ailments. The customer service was amazing here. A lady in the vitamin section knew exactly what I needed to help me "cure" whatever was going on with me. Her suggestions helped immensely and without her advice, I'm not sure I'd have enjoyed my time in Vegas. I wish I knew her name but it was nice to know someone was so knowledgeable in exactly the department they worked in.
2	I have been to many whole foods and only a couple of left me wondering about the management.  It's mostly about the lines here, as there is hardly a express lane open.  I have complained to them and they continue to tell me they have changed.  They are lacking resources and they will not admit to it.  If you get hot food to eat it there, it will be cold by the time you check out.  Cashiers are making mistakes, computers are failing and they think they have enough cash registers open.  Also, the food sits out there and nobody, except me the customer, is moving it around so it doesn't look so dry on top.  This place is a joke!  Wake up whole foods and get some good people in here, it's a busy store and will loose clients.
3	I've tried to depend on Whole Foods on S. Las Vegas Blvd. I work around the strip in transportation and need a place where I can eat healthy. The hot food bar is barely maintained, many times containers are dried and near empty. At $8.49 a pound they could do much better. When it's good, the food is tasty with usually a nice selection of meat dishes. But going on Wednesday when the price is reduced to $6.49, I find one or two chicken dishes and fives kinds of beans and five kinds of rice. This is low down for them to pull the good items and destroy the value.Recently I waited 18 minutes in line to pay, 2 nights in a row. By then, my food is cold. For the amount of money they charge the check out should be faster and the food bar should be attended better.
5	I am a big fan of Whole Foods Market and their products. The stores are always clean and the fruits and vegetables always look fresh! It is a bit expensive, but you pay for what you eat. I love how you can come in and eat. They have a wide array of salads, soup and other healthy foods to eat to go or even eat at their little cafe area!During the summer, Whole Foods sponsor fresh52 which is a farmers market on the weekends. A lot of mom and pop shops hold their booths and promote their organic products. You get to know a lot about other products that we do not know! (Support your small businesses!) Overall, Whole Foods Market has many fresh and organic products that won't disappoint!
1	I come everyday to buy juice and unfortunately every time it have to wait 20 min for them to make the juice,  tried calling in advance but customer service leaves me on hold because nobody in the section answers.  Staff is nice and friendly but you seriously need to put more staff behind the counter.   Decided to invest in a Vitamix so won't be buying juice there no more.  Recommend changing your name to SlowFoods.
1	Douchebag and tourist hell. Still waiting in line for my juice to be made while tourists who ordered after me get their bloody coffee. Never coming back here again!!
4	Whole Foods never fails to be pretty standard throughout. They have what appears to be a be salad and hot bar area but I'm not sure if its cause I went later but there wasn't that much selection and lack of protein for sure on the salad bar. bulk section was a little limited as well. Otherwise very clean and standard compared to the other whole foods.
2	I have mixed reviews about this store.  I think every other whole foods in the city is better than this one, but being that its on LVB it has the biggest selection.  Pros- Big selection, from produce, to hot foods, huge amount of local products.  the butchers are always super nice, remember you, and never seem annoyed to help you, even when you have them explain all the different cuts of beef! thats it, thats the only reason I shop here rather than other whole foods Cons- I really think that the cons are summed up by saying this store is too big for its britches.  Ive been rung up many times without one word said until my balance is due.  CHECK THE DATES I've bought a large handful of expired product here! the juice bar is crazy slow! I understand its juice, it takes a while, but I've waited upwards of 20 minutes sometimes, the least they could do is let you know theres a boat load of orders ahead of yours and let you know you'll be waiting for  while.. Any time I've needed ice for the trip home I always have to ask (every other WFM is the other way around)
3	Over inflated prices, exaggerated brands, ego driven shoppers, and ridiculous out of this world food that you can make at home? The hell do I want to go here for? Really not worth shopping here; really. Went in and could not believe how this place creates suckers out of people. Think your buying organic and helping some company with charity work? Hell no! Just the opposite. Your helping the business men get fatter wallets and helping yourself get more sicker with these fake healthy food.   Do some research and find out the truth about this place.  The employees are nice though, the shoppers blow. Typical shopper here are those parents with no mentoring skills to teach there kids properly. Instead of teaching them they hand them an ipad, or iphone in hopes of shutting them up and skipping on raising children. Single people here are just as dumb. If Whole Foods would just come out and say, "Our shit isn't all that healthy and we have been lying." I'd shop here. But kinda a waste if you ask me. Bleh!
2	Yuk! Clean your store! Clean your bathroom you filthy pigs. I'm from California as I'm sure a lot of people in Vegas are. This type of filth would not be acceptable in a Orange County store.
2	I cannot believe that the staff is so ridiculously rude at this location. I have been to many Whole Foods Markets and have always been struck with how dang friendly and helpful the staff always is. This location is a major exception. Three different clerks said rude things to myself and my friend on a visit there recently. We weren't asking for help or being obnoxious, just minding our own business getting a few things. What the heck! On top of the insult, the fruit that we bought was really not good. I was surprised on that note, too, because usually I'm pretty happy with produce from Whole Foods. I want to make it clear that it is only this location that I am writing a poor review for. I shop at a different WF all the time and love it.
1	So disappointed.  I am vegan so.I rely on whole Foods and similar when traveling.  I go out of my way to look up locations and drive out of the way. The Las Vegas store was beautiful I went to get a deli sandwichi called the underground garden.  They did not have it (big consistency issue within Whole Foods) they were going to attempt to make it but they lacked the main ingredient field roast. So I left went to the vegan meat and found it in the freezer section. Asked if they. Could make the sandwhich if I bought th meat. Well appearently a small piece of frozen meat was enough to out their brains to a stop even though there was a microwave behind them.so frustrated I gave up and was going to leave when saw the customer service desk and thought I would stop and complain .  Stoiod around about 5 minutes and  gave up.won't go back again.
5	I'm a sucker for whole foods. I love it here. I usually go here for their salad bar and their made to order selections because of the array of fresh flavors. My go to items would have to be their garlic hummus and custom teriyaki bowls. It does get busy throughout the day but it's just b/c of all the traffic that goes through this location.
4	This Monkey's weekly veggie smoothie spot and sometimes pile it on from Vegan Bar.It seems a lot of gym rats come here and the wait at juice bar can take awhile, depending on who's working it. All employees are most helpful and friendly. Magic happens when there's a long line and one person makes the biggest difference in getting everyone's juice/smoothie out quickly.  Monkey's been lucky only a couple of times, but still, getting my nutrients on is always worth the trip.  As far as all the expensive groceries...  Monkey skips all that because certain ingredients can be found elsewhere, organic and cheaper.  Again, Monkey come for the smoothies.
1	This is for the prepared and hot foods section. I have lived up and down the west coast and have been to at least a dozen Whole foods markets. This location has by far the worst hot foods bar and worst customer service at the prepared foods section.  I live just minutes away from here and have given it many chances...even after talking to management.  Food dried up, always empty, and slow slow swevice.
4	Is it lame that I like coming to this Whole Foods location just to oooh and ahhh at all the shiny organic foods I probably won't buy? The Whole Foods at Town Square is sparkling clean and has the most attractive produce I've ever seen. Compared to any other grocery store I've frequented, Whole Foods Market has THE biggest selection of "fake meat" for a vegetarian like me to drool over. So many choices! They even have vegan shrimp!! On the downside, prices are a bit hard for me to digest. Case in point: The cheapest jar of pasta sauce I seen at Whole Foods was $2.39. I can buy a jar of pasta sauce at Target for under a $1! I come here every once in a while to purchase hard to find goods. My most current visit was to buy organic cotton balls, and BTW, the store only carried one variety. Verdict: I'm more of a window shopper when it comes to Whole Foods Market, but I'll come around when I need something specific.
4	There's not another place like it, an extremely wide selection of any grocery item you can think of. Take a tour of the world through cheese selections, and try to spot jungle Jim among the decorations!
4	Sometimes I want a mobile meal to go and to get some bottled beers to bring home.  This Whole Foods has been a must stop every time I come back to LV.  The last time I was here, I perused their beer selection and although I didn't find anything that I liked, I did find a very rare boxed iced coffee concoction.  I had gotten a sandwich earlier in the day and so I bought that iced coffee, asked for a cup of ice from their cafe area, and sat down in a stool in their counter area.Now usually I feel a bit weird bringing in outside food to eat inside another establishment's place but here seems pretty chill and the AC was blasting in there to shield me from the 100 degrees temps outside.Until next time @WFLV!
5	Where a man can be a man and eat like a dang Viking.  Slabs of meat come at you in waves.  So many types of meats in so many cuts.  A man is in heaven.  It's costly but Damn worth it.  You pay for what you get and then some.  I've been here several times and never ever been disappointed. Lunch is cheaper with almost the same amount of meat cuts.....oops.  this was for Texas Dr Brazil
4	Love coming here for all of my Organic wants and needs.  Yes they are a bit overpriced for some items but for the most part is all worth it to pay a little extra to eat organically healthy without pesticides and gmo. No I can't go 100% full organic because we obviously go out to eat at many great places too much and they don't all have many organic options. So what I can help with at home to go organic I will. No in the long run that it's much much better for you.
3	It's quite quick typically... However, it takes a year and a day to receive a beverage during lunch when only two people are working at the juice bar. It was crazy to notice how long it took them to make one "green giant" juiced beverage. It took 5 minutes . I came to experience something other than office coffee but it's not particularly helpful to spend my lunch waiting
5	I definitely need a Whole Foods in my hometown. It's addictive. I like the philosophy, the atmosphere, the enormous quantity of products, the choice between organic and not, the service provided in these, and especially this, store and the fresh, homemade products. I'm a fan.This Las Vegas location seems to be a big store with a big variety of fresh food option. You'll name it, they have it. Although most of the products are not cheap, especially not compared to my own country, I don't think the food is expensive or overpriced. Very reasonable prices considering the quality. They even sell something that can ressembles bread. One thing I miss most away from home. Fresh bread (that you buy fresh every morning and throw away at the end of the day) with real cheese.And it seems they have a lot off staff walking around. Always friendly, always smiling. Probably also a nice place to work. And that's returned by customers. I really believe that. NOTE: I'm no native speaker so excuse any grammar or spelling mistakes. And please also excuse Apple for making devices with thoughts of their one. My Ipad keeps changing English words into 'proper Dutch' words. Sorry :(.And they have restrooms and WIFI =).
5	A big shout out and a bigger THANK YOU to Jose in the prepared food department. He came to my rescue when I unexpectedly needed food to feed 40 people. And in a hour and a half!!! He not only made us fabulous sandwiches such as turkey, tomato and fresh mozza sandwiches but he boxed them up for me for ease of delivery! He also helped me get the fresh sushi and yummy desserts from the other departements all packed up. If your looking for excellent customer service, visit Jose and tell him he's the best!
5	I travel all over the country for business. I've been to most Whole Foods locations (and am extremely greatful that Whole Foods exists in relative "food deserts" to provide at least semi-healthy options whereever you go) Checking my mint.com, I see I've spent a whopping $10,599 the past year at Whole Foods locations for myself and my family. Whew!I must say, this is one of the best Whole Foods in the country, if you're interested in the healthiest food possible. Perhaps even better than the Austin mothership if you're a raw foodist, or at least incorporate a lot of raw into your diet.  I met a super healthy female performer from Cirque Du Soleil here, so perhaps this Whole Foods has to work harder to provide healthy options in large part for Vegas' incredibly demanding performance arts community.My family switches between raw and paleo, depending on what's available in the local area -- but this store has SO MUCH RAW (really, it has to be seen to be believed!), we never delve too much into the more Paleo type options at this particular location. This Whole Foods really does have the largest selection of packaged raw foods I've seen in person. To beat it, you have to go mail order.If you want to see the power of raw food, btw, search youtube for Las Vegas local "Markus Rothkranz", and be prepared to have your socks blown off. He's so silly, but so right about so many things. A gleaming example of the power of raw.Anyway, this Whole Foods also has an enormous selection of raw, organic nuts. Some even pre-soaked for you (nuts must be soaked to remove phytates to actually become a healthy good), from amazing brands such as Essential Living. (for some reason, some of the organic bulk is marked conventional -- be aware that EVERYTHING from Essential Living is organic)The juice bar is also awesome, with warm, friendly people who don't mind ridiculous requests... like "please make me a gallon or two of juice for pickup within the next hour or two" They do it without complaint, for which I'm extremely grateful!Michael in the vitamin department is also amazing, bar none. He has a wonderful energy that's great to be around, friendly to kids, and a caring man. An all around good guy. He's also just as knowledgeable as most ND's I've seen. Really knows his stuff. He's one of the best Whole Foods employees I've met, ever. Better than the massively trained Pharmaca employees, too. One of Whole Food's best "human resources". They need to somehow acknowledge employees like this. (hopefully they already do!)The one thing they really do here, is more organic food options on their salad bar, similar to PCC in Washington state. I'm sure they'll be adding more with time.All in all, this is definitely a 5 star Whole Foods. Maybe 6 stars. The team responsible should be massively proud of themselves!It is on the complete opposite end of the spectrum of the Fort Apache/Summerlin Whole Foods. That store used to be a tiny gem, but it has gone down hill massively compared to a few years back. That store has much fewer healthy options and is actually dangerous to kids (the vitamin area lady, Beverly, struck and pushed my 3 year old there when he touched a toy -- an the night manager Dave did nothing about it! Completely worthless store!!), whereas this one is kid friendly and has much healthier food options. More human friendly overall, you could say.Also, NO TOYS at this store -- THANK GOD -- which helps children to focus on what they're there for: nutrition. Very few Whole Foods these days are toy free, which is a shame, because they're powerful triggers for little ones of a certain age. They just don't have enough grey matter to not to gaga over toys. Probably the most annoying temptation here are the chocolates in the back, but that's easily avoided (and there's raw options which are closer to nature).Other kids seemed calmer at this store, too, so the no toy policy here really works. I am certain that singles appreciate that as well. All Whole Foods should remove them, or at least sequester them to an area you can easily avoid. Makes for a much more pleasant shopping experience.UPDATE: I just went in tonight (10/13/14) About 10 minutes to close, I realize I stupidly forgot to order juice. Went up to Monica and Michelle, asked if it'd still be ok to order a juice or two. I felt bad for even asking, but they actually encouraged me! Ended up getting 4 juices, and 4 ounces of wheatgrass... and they were chipper and full of loving personality the whole way. In a place like Portland, you can pretty much forget about ordering juice even an hour to close. Massive kudos to Monica & Michelle!! They're mega kind, which is mega appreciated. Make you sure you tip these sweeties!
5	My husband calls this place whole paycheck due to its prices but you can find some good deals like their organic kale and tofu. Other stuff here are pretty pricey but they have tons of unique health products here.
2	Still I go back no and then to see if it's better. No go. Today at the regular price of $8.49 per pound the hot food bar featured baked chicken and the rest was vegetables beans rice etc. Whats ridiculous is the I can go to the barbecue area of the store and gets whole cooked chicken breasts for $6.99 a pound. I don't see the logic in not offering appetizing meat choices besides chicken.
1	Consistently the worst customer service that I come across of any whole foods, if it wasn't for such a good product I would never spend such an amazing amount of money per month with such consistently bad customer service, bad attitudes from employees and a place that takes 30 minutes to get a green smoothie.
5	Whole Foods was awesome for me on this trip. Even by Whole Foods standards there's just a ton of variety. What is Kheer? I don't know but i had two servings for breakfast (for those who care it's actually an Indian rice pudding type of dish with blueberries and almonds).  Vinyl records, in a grocery store?! That's amazing.
5	This by far is one of the best Whole Foods locations I've ever been to.  Every time I visit a new location I've never been to before, I always scan every section to check out the vegan options. And this location is not only huge, it has a ton of vegan options! They have a separate vegan hot bar, a pho bar with vegan "chicken" broth, a pastry case with one section for vegan items and I even saw vegan jackfruit "crab" cakes in their deli. It's a dream come true in Las Vegan!
4	Wholefoods has everything you need for breakfast, lunch, dinner. Prepared or fresh so you can create your own dishes.They also offer great products for hygiene, colds, energy. You name it,  they've got it! I wish they had apartments to rent upstairs from the store. That's how often I frequent this place. I left out one star because it can be somewhat pricey. But still, you can always find some kind of bargain.
3	I try to buy stuff here in season and on sale. They do have good deals here from time to time, but yes overpriced in general. The prepared food section is eh. Used to get stuff in the bakery but they raised the price and reduced the portions so not as interested anymore. One thing that annoys me about this location is how they like to sneak up the prices on you at checkout. In particular I've had issues with the meat department. They will label something on sale or at a certain price but when they weigh and price it, it will sometimes be a dollar or more per pound.  After not noticing it a couple of times, I've caught on and now make a point of double checking the prices when they ring it up. This is a problem with the veggie department too. The other day for example I got some Savoy cabbage. When it was rung up, it was priced as Napa cabbage which was 50 cents more per pound than labeled. I pointed out to the cashier that it was Savoy and not Napa cabbage, and she said well it doesn't matter because they are the same price. Yeah okay I wasn't about to hold up the line while they go do price check so I let it go. The point is that this kind of stuff happens all the time at this location, sometimes the difference is a little, sometimes a lot. Come on whole foods! Get your act together or I might start to think you are purposely trying to swindle us.
5	Located in Town Square, this is my favorite Whole Foods branch.Huge parking lot so I've never had trouble with finding one even during the busiest hours or even during the holidays.There are some items that I go here specifically for which include Bon Breads' coffee flavored bread, 365 salted pita chips, stumptown coffee, and blue bottle coffee.They offer a wide array of dishes here for a quick bite to eat. There are salads, vegan dishes, sushi, sandwiches, soup, etc. You'll also find a coffee and juice bar near the bakery. Cookies and brownies are good here.Staff is very friendly and I've never come across a rude employee. It gets busy during the lunch rush and lines may take longer than usual so plan accordingly if you go then. Also, as others have mentioned, it is pricy but I keep coming back for products I can't find elsewhere.
4	Ugh. I have a love/hate relationship with Whole Foods. In short: their products are diverse and of high quality and their staff is always friendly and helpful. However, I tend personally tend to avoid the stores because of their high prices (which isn't necessarily a negative...read below) and the overall aesthetic of the lifestyle they promote and the bougie clientele that shops here. Products: As noted, they have a diverse selection of items, many of which simply cannot be found at others store; even if said stores are aiming towards the same kind of shopper. They have an amazing selection of meats (raw, cooked/bbq and cured), cheeses, breads, nuts, granolas, beers, produce and pretty much anything else. One thing that helps: since they are not selling branded corporate items, they do not have to do things like dedicate an entire aisle to cereals. Instead, they've reduced the shelf space dedicated to any one products, and thus, with the same amount of space as other stores, they're able to offer a wide variety of items you will not find anywhere else. As for their ready-to-eat food, while the quality is fantastic, I personally stray away from them considering the cost for the convenience. It's always a good place to find obscure items. Recently, I purchase tea tree oil and had no problem finding it there (I had to look around a bit....but I found it).Staff: I am usually a pretty independent shopper (i.e. I can actually find s*** on my own and know how to read aisle descriptions). However, the few times I have had to ask for help, the staff has always been friendly and helpful. The cashiers are relatively friendly as well; about as friendly as I expect considering the monotony of scanning barcodes all day and being the target of shoppers' misplaced anger. I mean, they tend to be the closest thing in sight when the totals come up on the screen lol. Company: As for the company, since I try to separate worker from employers, I tend to have issue with their decisions and action. This is really one of two reasons why I do not shop here. They promote having the highest minimum wages in the industry but minimum wage is minimum wage and it's hard to survive when you're paid less per hour than many of the products sold there. Additionally, as per a Dissent magazine article in 2014, whole Foods has been known to use distributors and companies that use prison labor to make their products. And I'm sorry...but while the tilapia might be organic...if it's supporting the war on drugs, the prison industrial complex and the school-to-prison pipeline...what good is it really? Aesthetic/Clientele: The other reason I avoid this place. I swear, there is just such a seeping milieu of arrogance, self-righteousness and bougie lifestyle in these places. I feel that because I refuse to dress up to go shopping (advertising to the world that I just came from the gym or yoga studio) and because I interact with the people rather than look down my nose at them, that I inherently do not fit in....and boy do I feeling the eyes staring. There are far better people than I who can explain this phenomena of cultural capitalism...(look up the youtube video featuring Slavoj Zizek's RSA animate speech from "First as tragedy, then as farce"). Anyways...Whole Foods: Come for artisan goat cheese, stay for judgmental soccer parents in lululemon pants.
