4	First place I threw up off liquor....EVER!  But this is not why YOU should love it; that's my bag.  You should love it for its affordable blackjack, carribean stud, lively craps games, and war....Yes, they have war.  War.  The card game--war.  Crazy, huh?  The players here are normally more seasoned and fun than at the other cheapo casinos. And they have a Burger King and Subway to boot!
1	If you stopped here then you got lost. Like me.
5	O'Sheas is the most amazing place I went in Las Vegas.  After a pitcher of margaritas at Jimmy Buffet's, it was mere footsteps away to $1 Draft from 2 AM onward.  Does it get better than that?  I think not.  A great place to lose money, eat Burger King, drink O'Douls and get placebo drunk and HAVE AN AMAZING TIME.
5	Every time I go to Las Vegas I end up at O'Sheas at some point. I'd recommend walking back to the bar that is just in front of the 'food court' as you can almost always find a seat. The drinks are cheep, and not just by Vegas standards, but they are still made with quality alcohol and taste great. The service is great and the servers are always fun without having to 'put on a show' for everyone to have a good time.I'd highly recommend starting the night here as it is hard to have a bad time at O'Sheas.
3	Love downtown, but your friends want to go to the strip? okay well then you should head to the frontier, but in a pinch O'shea's  will do.  Cheap tables, speedy waitresses ( when you're winning) and great beer specials.  it's not gonna amaze you with shows and attractions, but it's a great place to stop on the strip to hit a few tables.  Also, if you really want to get that national lampoon's feel to your trip you can play  casino war.  that's right, just like robby says, War.If this place were downtown I'd have to give it  4 stars, but the crowd is just a little too high class from all the people that get lost on the strip
2	O'Shea's has been cemented in my mind for three things:1)  One of my best friends from high school, Julie's, family used to say, every time we talked about it, and in an Irish accent, "We're going to go to O'Shea's and kiss the Blarney Sofa!"  I think I once got an explanation, but then I promptly forgot it.2)  Another time, also in high school, Julie, our Third Muskateer Brandy, and I went to O'Shea's and took brooding black and white photos on Halloween, trying to catch an image of Houdini.  (Houdini raising seances are conducted there every Halloween.)  Our photos proved fruitless, but fun was had.3)  I was underage.  They served me booze.  I've never had a fake ID, nor did I ever look 21 when I was 18.Now, the latter, at the time, scored points with me.  In my old, curmudgeonly age I take umbrage to a place that serves minors.  The Strip is obnoxious enough without 18 year old drunks running up and down it.  It smells bad, the food court isn't fit for a 5 AM liquor fueled munchfest (and we know how discerning those are), and you won't get any pictures of a semi-opaque Houdini.  Also, if someone's best memories about something are from high school, and they were possibly listening to Chumbawumba at the time, they should be ignored.Kiss the Blarney Sofa with caution.
3	O'shea's has cheap beer, and a newly installed pool table....that's all that comes to mind, initially. Digging deeper, though, I'm gonna start with the fact that their garage is the best place to park if you're going to do anything on the strip. There's always ample room, and it's right in between the Flamingo and IP, in case you forget later that night. They do, indeed, serve draft beers for a buck after 2am. They also have live music on stage near the front bar on the weekends. And, they have recently opened a new poker room. All the floors and dealers in the room are over from the Flamingo, and they'll treat you right. *wink*
5	O'Sheas is freakin' hysterical.  Just thinking about it brings a tear to my eye.  They have a little person dressed as a leprechaun recruiting people outside.  He's got the greatest voice and everytime we walked by or in, there he was preaching about 24 hour happy hour, $1 beers, loose slot machines and who knows what else.We came here for their food court.  Burger King, Subway, Mamma Mia's pizza and I think an ice cream place.  Perfect for during the day to soak up the liquor from the night before.  And nothing cures a nasty hangover like a $1 beer.  Thank you O'Sheas for my $1 cure.
5	This place is Laughlin of the Las Vegas Strip. You can play for cheap and drink for damn cheap after 2AM!!
4	Does the trick.  Even when I stay at Caesars, MGM.. I still find myself coming here because the staffs cool and lower limits.Lower limit casino tables and they even have a "crapless craps" table.They even have Subway and other cheap food in the back.Don't be tricked by their "Strip Poker Room"... it's just the name of the room and people don't actually play strip poker in there.
5	FAQQ: Isn't the Dollar O'Menu fantastic?A: Yes! That little area they call a "foodcourt" is pretty stunning. They used to have Dollar O'Hotdogs, Dollar O'Cocktail Shrimp which you can wash down with a Dollar O'Beer. Pretty quick and easy way to get O'Sick.Q: Surely they still have Dollar O'Yard-Longs, right?A: Yes, they do! And don't call me Shirley (yes, lame joke. i know. you don't have to tell me).Q: Didn't I catch you playing Dollar O'Video Poker drinking Dollar O'Beer at O'Sheas?A: We all have our dark moments in O'Vegas.FYI ... That whole Dollar O'Booze thing is no joke. It's pretty awesome. Hence, 5 Stars. I want to say that they had a Beer Pong tournament there. And the loosest slots in Vegas. Beer Pong. Loose Slots. Get it? Waaaait for it...  There. Hilarious, right? Right.
5	Definitely not like what Vegas has become, but like what Vegas once was. Catch THAT?I can play roulette here for hours and have ALWAYS walked away with money enough to buy 1 more dolla' beer. Great place to go in the EARLY AM hours (i.e. after 0300)...Low limits make losing less painful!
1	I really thought this place was disgusting. It really reminded me of the casino in Vegas Vacation with all the fake games. I thought the dealers were rude and really took the fun out of gambling.
5	I love Vegas and I love to gamble when in Vegas.  Sadly, I don't make nearly enough money to play blackjack at Bellagio or Caesar's on a Friday or Sat night -- $50 minimums.  So, I come to O'Sheas to play blackjack.  It's usually $2 minimums and you (I) can play for hours.  I played for 2 hours with $100 and walked out of there with $125.  Not much, but not bad for the fun table I had.
4	I have to say, O'Sheas is without question my favorite casino in Vegas. As the other reviewers here have said, if you are in Vegas to be seen, this is not your place. If you are in Vegas to do some high-stakes gambling, this is not your place. If you are in Vegas with a few buddies and you just want to get a bunch of free drinks, throw down a couple hundred bucks, and play blackjack for, no joke, 8 straight hours, then O'Sheas is YOUR place.Seriously. I threw down $100 at a $5 table (the cheapest anywhere else we went was $25) and got 8 hours of entertainment out of it. Plus, it was a one deck game. Talk about making it easy for a blackjack novice playing basic strategy to have a good time... As it was, at 5:30 am, I had $50 left and made the decision to either go back to the hotel with what I started or with nothing. I threw the $50 down. I lost. Who cares? I just drank, gambled, chain-smoked, and had an awesome time.Even better, there were tons of characters in here. People were talkative and friendly, but not scary. The dealers were very cool, and we had a good time talking to most of them.Definitely recommended to those of you who want to have a great time in Vegas but only want to lose your money in small increments...
5	TIME OF MY F'ING LIFE!! Haha.....loved this place. As lame as it may sound O'Sheas was almost the highlight of my Vegas trip.  Beer Pong is the sweetest game ever invented. (Sorry to all those douches that my cousin and I put to shame) Haha....seriously though, I met some awesome people and had a fantastic night of getting wasted on dirty, cheep beer pong beer. Thanks O'Sheas....
4	Had the after-party for my wedding here.  Everyone had a great time playing beer pong and getting waisted.
5	O'Sheas has gotta be one of my favorite places in Vegas.  Every time I have gone here I have had a great time.  The drinks are cheap, the crowd is hilarious and just having a good time, and there is never a dull moment.  On the weekends they usually have live music.  Last weekend there was a 90s rock cover band that was fantastic.Everybody there is just having a fun and never causing trouble.  If you get hungry there is a (kind of random) Subway and Burger King in the back.  Convenience at it's best.  The slots are good and the table games are cheap and usually available.The bar area isn't huge, but has always been enough room to stand around and talk.  Apparently they have to take the garbage out the front door in this huge over-sized dumpster on wheels.  I was run into and pushed out of the way by the "garbageman" which was kind of annoying, but at least I didn't spill my drink.  Oh yeah, and someone had a huge dog in there...that's not really normal  :)If this was a local bar, forget about the whole casino aspect, I would still go there to hang out regularly.  The 24-hour Happy Hour is a must experience for anybody.
2	This place is one of the last of a dying breed....Actually, O'Sheas is a pure corporate creation. It is part of The Flamingo hotel and it was built less than 20 years ago to make better use of a parking lot. They are marketing it to appeal to patrons who really would rather be at a frat party. Harrah's corporation has announced that they intend to tear it down along with the neighboring Imperial Palace and put up a high end resort.  But,the marketing works. It is a nice change of pace. The dealers can be very funny and the crowd is genuinely having a good time. I once saw a pretty girl do the improbable. She put down exactly $3 to buy chips at a blackjack table hoping against all logic that she could stay in the game long enough for a free drink. She played for an hour.
3	I'm not a big fan of this place, as it's small and always feels overpacked with 21 year old college kids.  Maybe I'm getting old, but the beer pong doesn't appeal to me, nor does the fact that it seems like it's 90% "bros" here.  If I ever have the urge to play beer pong, I'll take the slightly less-frenzied atmosphere of Blondie's.
4	I love O'Shea's.  I go with my pals to Vegas every summer and O'Shea's is the main place we hang out.  Yes, there are some major tools that hang out in the bar and beer pong area, but there are assheads in every casino on the strip.  I like the cheap drinks, the new bar up front, the leprechaun(!), and the generally good vibe the place has.  Its very casual and there is something about stumbling in at 4 a.m for a Burger King hamburger and some cheap blackjack.Funny story - several years ago my group of friends had a blackjack table and my pal Johnny was a little on the drunk & obnoxious side and he kept demanding to be comped.  The blackjack dealer called over the pit boss and they whispered about it and finally agreed that Johnny should be comped.  The dealer reached below the table and placed a child's Burger King paper crown on Johnny's head.  We all laughed so hard and then took pictures.  The casino staff is pretty fun!  I hope they don't tear this place down for a long time to come.UPDATE: I've downgraded O'Shea's a star.  Its gotten a little trendy, a little too crowded, and the drinks aren't as cheap as they used to be, though I did like the alternative/punk cover band they had playing there recently.  I think Casino Royale might be the better alternative for cheap beers & less douchebags.
4	This place is like a frat boy casino, except not as annoying as frat boys.  This is the kind of casino where you can put money in a jukebox, play beer pong, talk shit to chodes and hang out in a Burger King for two hours drinking whiskey and Diet Coke and not spend more than a couple bucks on a soda and a few on a pitcher of beer.  I'm cheap and like cheap fun.
4	Two words: Beer PongTwo more words: Pissing Contest (some random coin operated device above the urinal)O'Friggin-shea's!  Thanks for taking $200 off me at the craps table and for having Miller High Life on tap!  This place has a good vibe and some good times... Of course, you already know about this place so you don't need me to tell you.
4	haha, i love christina s.'s first line: "this place is like a frat boy casino, except not as annoying as frat boys."onto my review: this place is a haven for me. and i apologize ahead of time if my review doesn't make sense b.c many different things pop into my head about this place. a margarita from margaritaville across the street and i'm on my way to o'sheas.i love that this is the only casino on the strip where you can tell what time it is b.c it's open to the strip. you can actually tell if it's day or night out!i will never win at blackjack, so i don't know why i always play. it's that vegas "i hope i win!!!" but it's fun for the "free" drinks and the conversation with strangers, your dealer, and the pit boss at the tables.beer pong in the back, now how the hell do you turn this motha down?!?! simple, you can't and you won't, so don't.cheaper tables than other casinos, score! yes, it's a little dingy inside, but that's what you get for cheap gambling. you gotta take the good and the bad.they've got a table for war!!! remember that grade school card game?!?! well now you can gamble to it!!there's one moment where the "leprechauns" give free shots at the bar. i'm always at a blackjack table when this is going on, and i always ask the pit boss what needs to be done in order to get that little dude over to our table, to feed me some delish alki. unfortunately i constantly get turned down. "oh come on, i'm an irish brethren! can't you tell from my light skin and red hair?!?!" it's my life goal to get this done one of these days, and i'm hoping that my next trip out to sin city will be successful. stay tuned, i will be out there again in august...
3	Nasty! I felt like I was at 8th and market in san francisco back in the days when they had all those open-air video arcades. If I was back in college I'd be in the middle of it.
2	This is definietely your dive bar/casino.  Typically I like little dives like these bc you have the best times. Went on Kareoke night and it was pretty cool.  They do have  reasonable priced drinks and cheap tables.Do NOT play blackjack here.  Yes it's only $5 but it's completely rigged! Roulette table is cool.  For those who love their dorm room beer pong tournaments there IS a beer pong table in back. Overall I would just go here to pregame on the cheap drinks.  The fact that there you can see the outside from here though is pretty cool.
4	It didn't take my husband much to convince me to pop into O'Sheas for a bit during our last trip to Vegas when he said two magic words: "Beer pong". I might have looked a bit out of place in my short party dress and strappy heels when we rolled up to the beer pong tables, but once we got cups and ping pong balls, I was in my element. The pitcher of beer we ended up with was $10, but hey it's Vegas and for a dive casino, I thought it was a good price. I'd hate to see what a pitcher of beer at say the Bellagio would go for. The floors were sticky with beer, so it gave it that frat house feel...well that and the leering guys watching me chase after a ping pong ball.After a few rounds, we decided to meet up with my brother in law and played slots for a bit. The slots were loose and the cocktail waitress totally fit with what you imagine a cocktail waitress in a dive casino would look like. She was great about coming around very frequently and we never went without a full drink in our hands. If you want to escape the big name casinos but don't want to leave the Strip, O'Sheas is a fun, low key place.
3	Low-limit casino next to the Flamingo and Imperial Palace; as everyone here has said, it markets to the younger crowd, as the beer pong tables in the back say it all (no thanks, give me the harder stuff). Won $20 on roulette and lost it on the slots; worth another visit when I return to Vegas--whenever that is.
3	Just came from this place tonite. not bad. Just think of it as a huge irish dive bar. Gambling is low limit so that's good if you on a budget. But dont go here to gamble, Come here to play beer pong wtih ur friends. For $24 you get a pitcher of beer and 2 ping pong balls to challenge ur buds.  I don't really drink beer, but will down em just to join in the festivities.Pretty good if you don't feel like doing the whole club thing.  Music is from a jukebox. So if the music sucks, it's just that someone decided to be really random.  Some girl tonite picked 3 britney spears songs in a row. I was wondering why the hell are they playing so much damn britney? That's when I found out it was a jukebox.The only thing that sucks is that it's first come first serve, but once you get a table, you're good to go.  Oh yeah one other thing that sucks is that you won't see too many hot chicks here. The only girls there are girls that already came with their boyfirend or husband.  So it's more of a place where you just wanna have a good time with a group of friends.Will come back again next time i'm in town.
4	Where were the midgets?  I was looking forward to taking my friends here to have a midget pour a liquor down throats, but no midgets in sight!  Anyway this casino is so divey.  It basically looks like a brightly lit food court with a bar and some slots and card tables stuck in the middle of it.  AND there's beer pong in the back in front of burger king.  Six tables of beer pong where you go get 2 pitchers of beer for $23 then it's game on!  There is no formal list, you just challenge the winner of the game and you're in.  It was like partying in a frat house basement minus the 2 inches of beer sludge on the floor.  Don't worry - there is no drinking from the same cup 50 other people drank in prior to you...you get new cups when you buy a pitcher.  I didn't gamble here, but the table minimums looked really cheap.
4	No need to over-analyze O'Sheas. Just a straight-forward recommendation if you want a place that is a lot of fun in an undergrad party kinda way. We were a group of guys here to kick off our Friday night with $10 pitchers and beer pong. Yes, the floors are sticky and I saw a couple guys who looked like undergrads spilling beer on the tables and the floors. But don't turn your nose down at the fast food joints at the back of the place - you'll be glad they are there for a quick bite in the middle of your pong tournament. O'Sheas is also a great environment to meet people. The best part was two of our friends claiming they went easy on a couple cuties who threw down a beer pong challenge and ended up beating them. Classic.
4	$2 Miller Lights.  I love this place.  Hopefully some corporate giant doesn't bulldoze this down into an "ultraresort.spa.casino.spot" or whatever they aim for.
3	Another slightly ghetto casino that eschews the glam & glitz of the rest of the rest of the strip for cheap drinks, cheap slots and cheap tables. Most days you can find a "leprechaun" outside, trying to bring people in carnival style - and there's a giant sign tacked up that says "Strip Poker Room", tho I've never really wanted to go in and check it out. But the best thing about O'Sheas is the outside drink carts. $2 car bombs and Jager bombs? I'm not a Jager lover by any means, but $2 is $2. And their car bombs are actually pretty good - and definitely do the trick. It's worth a look - so stop by and check it out when you're tired of the rest of the Disneyland-like casinos.
3	Where else can you play beer pong on the strip in Vegas?They have cigarette machines.  That's cool.  It reeks of day-old beer.  Even better.Honestly, when you're hung over, working on zero sleep and just need a place to rest your weary bones, O'Sheas is the place to do it.  I felt like I was able to hide out in leggings and a tunic, sip on a cocktail and no one would ever find me.  Cheap tables, dirty crowd.  I dig.
2	"F--k O'Sheas!" - Jeffrey L. (I'll explain this quote later)Hooo man this place is something else. I first stumbled upon this place on a one-day adventure to Vegas with my Pilipino Cultural Night buddies. Since then, whenever I'm in town I'd pass by this place often, but never really go inside.On the plus side, the tables are cheaper, whether it be blackjack or roulette, or whatever you prefer. As mentioned before, the Jager bombs are only a couple bucks. And as much as I try to avoid fast food, its nice that there's a late night Subway and Burger King tucked in the back. It was a last resort for my friends and I after all the buffets were closed. So here's where it gets ugly. Let's not kid ourselves, O'Sheas is freakin' dirty. It smells like alcohol, vomit, and shame rolled into one, and thats not a good odor to breathe in consistenly. Well, you can say its what Vegas is all about, and its one of the older casinos, but whatever. I was impressed that this is the only casino that does beer pong. To feed my curiousity I looked at the beer pong area and holy moles it was a mess. There's drunken people yelling at each other while multiple ping pong balls fly through the air or bounce on the ground. What made this is worse is that the floor is dirtier than sin. Considering the rate the balls fall to fhe floor (I just chuckled as I typed that), imagine all the germs you get once you end up downing one of the cups. They should change it to hepatitis pong or something. I'll stick to playing at parties where the area is likely much cleaner. Oh, one of the machines ate my friend's 20 bucks, and had a hard time trying to get it back. He also got a paper crown from Burger King, and someone drunk lady knocked it off his head outside of the casino. That's how we arrive to the quote at the top. If anything, just come for the tables or the quick bite to eat. Ugh. F O'Sheas indeed. Cheerio... err bollocks. Whatever.
5	Beer pong, karaoke Tuesdays, and a count down clock to the next St. Patty's day? what more could you want?  $2 beers...done! Roulet... done!
2	The only thing that lured me to enter this place was the Burger King and Subway in the back.  A great place for a 3AM snack before crashing in your room.  This is the only place I've ever seen beer pong in a casino.  Odd?  I really couldn't tell if the odor inside was a combination of urine and b/o or just stale beer spilled on the floor.  Couldn't quite make it out.  Not a big fan.  If you want a similiar experience, check out Casino Royale.  The beers are cheaper there anyway.
5	For simply having Beer Pong, I give O'Sheas 5 stars. Cheap tables are a plus too!
3	the best beginner's break-in casino.  pretty much the most guaranteed place to play $5 craps.  loud and friendly and incomprehensible.  sort of reminds you of college, but with more leprechauns.
4	We just woke up in Vegas!-Let's splurge son!*Sorry son, I'm broke!-Fuck it!  Let's go to O'Sheas!*Fuck yah!  Burger King on you son!-Fosho!Moral of the story.  If you're in Vegas and on The Strip and want to gamble or eat some cheap fast food, then head over to your local Irish Frat Boy Casino called O'Sheas.Here you'll find the lowest minimum tables for an assortment of games that include Black Jack, Dealer vs. Player Poker Hands, Roulette, etc.  They got like a Burger King here and some other fast food chains over here too.  Can't forget the bar that comes equip with all Irish Pubs & EVERYWHERE and EVERY CASINO in VEGAS!Last time I was here for St. Patrick's Day during the Pacquiao vs. Marquez Fight at Mandalay Bay Event Center, they had a freakin BEER PONG TOURNAMENT here on St. Patrick's Day.  That sheit was hella ghetto beer fest white frat boy status!  Ya bro!  They should like have a keg stand contest up in here too.  I'm sure they'd find some players.O'Sheas!O'Sheas!O'Sheas!Cause you might actually leave this place broker than how you entered.O'Sheas!O'Sheas!O'Sheas!Cause you're already broke and don't have much more to lose.O'Sheas!Note:  Beware of the midget Leprechauns running around everywhere over here.  Let me know if you ever find their pot of gold too.  I've been looking for it forever.  I think it has some of my money in it.
4	Good for beginners, for it's location on the Strip, it has the lowest limits.  They also got $5 single deck blackjack available all the time.  Dealers are friendly and talkative, it's just a more chill environment then the other bigger casinos.Yes, as others has mentioned. They do have beer pong tables.  It reminds me of a frat house, since they play hip-hop music and its mostly college kids who are playing. Are you broke and hungry? $3 hot dog and beer. Plus Subways and Burger King. Overall it aint bad at all! Everytime I played here I usually come up as well!
2	If a neighborhood Chicago bar had gambling, this would be it. The low-limit tables are the only asset I can see. Go for the people watching and to practice without losing a fortune.
4	Four stars for cheap tables, beer pong, and zero pretentiousness. They have some of the friendliest blackjack dealers and very low table minimums. That is a double edged sword in the fact that you love the dealer clapping for you when you hit a blackjack(even if its only a $5 bet) and want to wipe that "sorry better luck next time smile" off of there face with your fist when they beat you four times in a row.  Its hard to hate someone that is taking your money and telling you that they didnt actually want to do it. The location is great, right in the middle of the strip across from Ceasers. When Im done losing $25 a hand and getting the feeling that $1 tip for the cocktail girl isnt enough, I head across the street to O'Sheas. If you have the very fortunate pleasure of getting Phil as your blackjack dealer, then you are in luck because he is the nicest guy in town, dealer or no. You dont get the theme or ambiance of the goliath resorts up and down the strip, but you do get genuinely nice employees and very friendly players at the tables.
4	Hole inthe wall casino across from Caesars packed with fun.  If you don't have fun here you are dead.  From the Beer pong to the leprechan walkingonthe bar pouring shots in your mouth for free to the Guitar hero show anyone can participate in.  Oshea's is a Vegas Classic.
2	I am waaaay too old for O'Sheas.We wound up here on Saturday night. Started out at Nine Fine Irishmen, in New York New York, and of course my husband befriended a group of youngsters from Wisconsin. Having already consumed two Seven and Sevens and 2 or 3 Magners on an empty stomach, I was not in a position to give an opinion. I gamely followed the group to the other end of the Strip. Dirty? Yeah, but I like dive bars. Problem is, this has more of a frat boy feel to it. My old man happens to be a beer pong champ, so he was in heaven. I don't gamble (I know, lame), so I spent the next 5 hours drinking while he ruled the bp table. Most of the night was a blur. Found out later that I had texted him about someone grabbing my crotch. I have no recollection of that- perhaps it was the leprechaun that I read about in other reviews? I do recall telling  a hippie how lame high-fiving is, and sexually harassing a young Irish lad who made the mistake of flirting with me. Was dragged back to our hotel room at 2:30, where I draped myself over the white house and refunded all of my drinks. An appropriate ending for a skanky evening.Why 2 stars instead of 1? I can appreciate the low prices and the novelty of beer pong in a casino.
4	Fun, fun, fun! Yeah, we were probably 10 years older than most folks here. But we can still hang with the kids. Lots of friendly, energetic people, and lots of beer pong.
5	Three things make this place amazing: - The Star Trek slot machine.  FUN, good payouts, Bose sound system in the chair. - Attentive cocktail waitresses that bring you free drinks while you play the fun Star Trek game.  And if you tip them over $1 they come by VERY frequently. - Beer Pong.  If you're good challenge someone where winner buys beer and then you play with free beer!  Who can go wrong with that?
3	Heh. This is a fun place to relive your twenties (or experience them, if you're still there!) with beers, slots, bros and pong. Of course, it's filthy, there is a really gross fat burlesque dancer, and the bros can be a little overpowering. But there's beer pong, strip poker, and a lot of really crazy sh*t going on. It was great to have a look, get a beer and check stuff out, then move on.
5	2 weekends in a row in vegas was a test of my age by damn it I pulled it off. I loved O sheas! 5 dollar black jack, hot bartenders, a little person as a mascot, and men willing to buy us drinks cause my best girlfriend I was with had served in Iraq. I thought I had out grown the strip, HELL NO, I will still even eat at Margaritaville if you want me to!
4	When Im in Vegas this is one of the places I LOVE to spend my Saturday or Sunday afternoons...the atmosphere is kick back and relaxin and cheap drinks for sure not to mention BEER PONG!!! its great
4	low minimum craps tables, yes please!! I won most of my money playing craps here. Waitress came over so many times I was never empty handed and the dealers were cool too. Made a couple new friends that night. I didn't expect much from O'Sheas its just the regular Joe's there who know how to have a good time.
4	The place is a complete shit hole, but we always go there and are always entertained.  Since we usually stay at Caesars, it's right across the street.  They have something like an 18 hour happy hour, so we always stop by there for a bit for some cheap drinks before we head down the strip.The tiny little leprechaun is pretty entertaining as well...he gets on the bar and blows a little whistle and does shots on the bar.  I certainly wouldn't recommend the place if you're looking for somewhere even close to nice, but I had to give it 4 stars...as we're in there at least 3 or 4 times every trip for cheap drinks and the occasional fast food.
2	This place is a shady little dive. Sure, it's cool if you don't want to play on $15 or $10 minimum craps tables, but it looks cheap and cheesy. In the back you have a group of people playing the ever popular college game of beer pong. I love beer pong, but there's a time and place for everything. In Vegas, I feel you should be all glitz and glam, and this place does not fit the bill. My friends had fun, but they're a little less judgmental than I am when it comes to something like this.
4	Yes this place is a dive, yes its filled with young college aged kids playing beer pong and yes there is a man dressed as a leprechaun walking around. I admit if I had spent less than 10 minutes in this casino I would have a bad impression of it and if I had spent less than 10 minutes in the casino I wouldn't be reviewing it because you can't really judge something until you really try it out. But I didnt, I stayed a little big longer and this is where I really learned to play craps. Finally. Craps has always been overwhelming to me but I was determined to start winning some money at this game that always looks like so much fun. All the dealers at the craps table were very nice and helpful. They were patient and even gave you a few pointers here and there. I also thought the cocktail waitresses were pretty nifty, they were always around and even pretty friendly. You dont always get that in Vegas. O'Sheas doesnt try to hide what they are. Its cheap, old, a little on the trashy side and they relish in it. In my opinion they do a pretty good job at what they're putting out there.
1	Okay we gambled here at O'sheas and came out a loser. This place is definitely old and shaddy as most people say on here already.  Anyways we did not come here to gamble, but we heard about the foot long hot dogs that were $1.50 and oh my gosh it tasted like crap.  I would say it tasted like those expired hotdogs just like on the Simpsons where Apu brushes the hair off of it. Anyways it was just terrible.  We ended up going  to the Burger King and that tasted way better.
1	You know something is wrong when the smell of stale spilled beer permeates the entrance, even in the morning.  That bar that is right off the street was nasty as hell at 9 am with food crumbs, cigarette butts, and more just surrounding the barstool seats and of course the aforementioned beer smell.  There's a Burger King tucked in the back for ultra thrifty diners, or those who didn't do so well at the slots.  What a pathetic place this is...
3	All the Vegas vice without any of the over the top glam.I wandered into O'Sheas and the first thing that hits me is how crappy it all looks.  I couldn't believe that a place like this could still be standing.  One Cent Slots and 25 Cent video poker dominate the floor, and I begin to get the vibe that I just walked into the run down Wal-Mart of the Vegas strip.  I ventured to their food court and scarfed down a Burger King meal while I watched pathetic looking people smoke themselves to death on the one cent slots.  Clearly, this was quite the place.  But then, something happened.  I fell in love.  I noticed the Beer pong tables that were set up, and there were people playing way early in the afternoon.  And the piece de resistance?  The midget dressed up like a leprechaun that was hanging out at the door.  Midgets?  Beer Pong?  Divey beyond belief?  This place is hilarious!  It cuts through the facade of Vegas decadence and really embraces just how seedy it is.  But then O'Sheas reminds you that: Hey!  It's ok, there's a leprechaun, so go drink yourself stupid.
4	Is it a dive? Hell yes, this is what Vegas is without all the glam. Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't spend more than a few hours here at a time. But there is something to be said for a Vegas bar on the strip that doesn't pretend to be what it clearly is not (Shadow Bar I'm talking about you). It's an old casino with a shitty bar and a food court. It is also one of the only bars on the strip that you get your money's worth ($3 Guiness). This isn't the place to go if you still are enamored with the thought of Vegas. This is the place to people watch and get your buzz on for cheap. Sorry people, but this is the real Vegas experience.
4	Yeah, the 6:5 blackjack thing is lame... but who's counting when they're pumping you full of drinks stiff enough to cause a girl to pass out in the ladies' room? A girl named Luckie. Yeah. Nice.
4	As my husband put it "O Shea's is a total frat boy place" and he should know because he was a frat boy.  Tons of cheap gaming and they even have beer pong.  We were staying at the Flamingo and could not find any late late late night eats besides the Victorian Room at Bill's which always had a ridiculous wait.  O'sheas was a lifesaver with the 24 hr Subway.  I have to say that Subway really does taste better at 3 in the morning.  There is also a 24hr Burger King that has ribs...ewwww.
4	I liken O'Sheas casino to a frat party, but in a good way. They have Rockband, beer pong, a food court, people doing the tequila shooters (blowing the whistle while pouring tequila down someones throat), and uber cheap drinks. That is all background to me though. I go there for the $5 tables. It's where I always take new gamblers. The staff is super patient and will help guide and teach you how to play. Chelsea wanted to learn craps so I took her there. At a $5 table I can afford to play for two. It's nice because I like to do place bets and just get out on the table in general. At a $25 table, I cannot afford to do that. Plus the staff was really cool with me when I would forget to take my odds off when the point was not established yet. I went back Sunday morning at 6:30am to play some blackjack and everyone was chill and fun, even at that hour of the morning. Thanks O'Sheas! Always a good time.
1	Billed as a "party casino" this place is like a giant frat party.  Normally that would be my favorite thing, but you have to realize that for this you are paying with the worst odds in vegas on all gambling there!Sure $5 blackjack... with 6:5 payout on BJ!  Also double on split not allowed, double on 9 not allowed etc.  Ok so I go to the poker tables.... Being that this place is somewhere a real gambler would never go, the people playing holdem SUCK.  So you beat them all, and get a 33% rake out of your winnings.  Haha no thanks.4 stars if you dont like to gamble, 1 star if you do, and I like to gamble!
4	i love you for the beer pong. i hate you for the beer pong. when did you get so fcuking crowded?!?! this last weekend was insane, each time my friends and i went, we had to wait for a table. never before have we had to do that, even on a holiday weekend.
4	Beer pong, cheap drinks, gambling, great fun.This place is like the TJ of the strip. You'll never admit it publicly, but it's one of your favorite places to come! Good times.
4	Beer Pong center of the universe! Plus live music, cheap drinks, low table bets and fun crowd make this a must-visit on center of the Strip.
5	I'm a tad bit of a voyeur, so its great watching the drunk guys play beer pong.  The place is small and unfortunately that's a good or bad thing.  I went on Friday (end of Sept) and for some reason it was really packed.  I couldn't find the drink gal and had to buy them from the bar.  Of course the time before it was half packed and I couldn't drink them fast enough.The food court is in the back and great if you need just a little something to absorb more alcohol.  Unlike the other casinos, this is only one drunk stumble away!  Hooray for efficiency at 3 am!p.s.  The staff is NOT eye candy but it is sort of amusing in a sick sort of way to see someone's grandma in white sneakers and tights trying to still rock "sexy"...or "sexy-adjacent."
4	We sat at the pub for about an hour drinking the rita's and playing video poker. They were watching football on the flats and the bartender was a riot. This is a great place when your slummin.
4	If you want to play beer pong, gamble on the cheap, and eat at Burger King, you are going to love O'Sheas.  I always stop in to test my luck for a few minutes on my way to Bill's.  It's a fun place with a young crowd and a party-vibe.
4	BEER PONG!TATTOO SHOP!DEBAUCHARY!need I say more?
2	Beer Pong + Strangers = Swine FluAside from that, and the Guinness and the leprechaun that used to be on JACKASS, if Revere Beach had a casino, this would be it.
5	Oshea's is the best Dive Casino on the Strip. I have to stop by every time I'm in town. Pulled an all-nighter from LA and only brought $50 plus gas money. Yes, it always seems like a great idea the first 30mins of the drive. Damn last call at 2am! Got in at 630a, left at 1030a with $550. Didn't want to press my luck by sticking around town, plus my buddies lost money. The first hour. This "casino" is a big frat, saturday nite, after finals, party. Which means full of loud, rowdy, abnoxious, drunk dudes. Don't get me wrong, I may pass by during the day and scoff at them, but, by the end of the evening, I'm beer-ponging with the best of them! There are women here though. Suprisingly. Sorority girls and cougars mostly. The drink specials are pretty good. There's a happy hour between 8a-8p, I think? Better than a lot of the Hotel bars. I couldn't tell you what they are, but, there is a Leprechaun that serves up shots on the bar while blowing a whistle. The tables are usually packed (as well as the whole place) during the weekends. They say they have $2 blackjack, but, you won't be able to find it. No pai gow either. They do have a little poker room, enough for 4 tables. As well as some at the open air entrance. Oh, and there's a 24hr Burger King inside that serves perhaps THE best Jr Whopper this side of the Mississippi, at 4a.
4	O'Sheas made my day!  A casino with cheap beer (and not just cheap for vegas ... actually cheap $2 drafts, and 10$ pitchers) always is good for some fun! I see others are scared by the idea of Swine Flu and their Beer pong situation, and if that is the case - change it up like we did and start a flip cup tournament! They washed down the tables for us, and we all had our own set of cups.  It was ... cleaner? The atmosphere is great for day drinking and playing with friends.  It's a beer drinking joint, perfect for flip flops and a t-shirt, and provided us with the best photo montage of the whole trip!
1	"AY. F'ING. CARAMBA. How can a dealer get 21 so many times!!!" Those were my exact thoughts about 4 shoes into the $5 black jack table at O'Sheas. Right around the time when I was reevaluating why I ever stepped foot into this tiny, cramped, stuffy joint instead of seeking out a giant alcoholic beverage.I know this sounds riidiculous but I swear the black jack here is rigged! 4-5 shoes and NO ONE at the completely full table was hitting any ounce of a winning streak. The dealer was hitting black jack, 21, and 20 like nobody's business. I swear it's something with that automatic shuffling device they got goin' on there! I'm on to you O'Sheas!After losing about 2 years of my life in extra-stuffy second hand smoke, and one very crappy daquiri later, I decided enough was enough and left this place about 40 bucks in the hole. Yeah, not a big deal but this experience seriously sucked. I never missed my hotel's beautiful and well ventilated casino so much until I gambled here. UGH. It gets one star for the legit band that was playing, that's it!
3	I guess ... cheap cheap cheap is the theme for this place. One thing is for sure, if you're sick of losing the big bucks but still want to gamble, your $20 will go a long way here. $1.00 tables may not make you rich but will certainly satisfy that intense need to bet on some probabilities!Of course, cheap comes with a price of its own. This place is pretty filthy for the most part and usually when I'm walking through it, its sticky as well and makes me wonder what the heck is on the floor all the way from one end of the hall to the other! Otherwise, cheap drinks and cheap food ... you can't go wrong here if you're on the cheap.
4	After drinking at an open bar from 8pm to 1am I decided that I clearly needed to drink some more.  My friends were at O'Shea's and suggested that I come by and play beer pong.  Beer pong?  I'm IN!  This is another of those low budget older casinos that are now a dive with cheap beer and drinks and I'm sure cheap buy in on the tables.  But the most important thing to know is that in the back they have rows of beer pong tables.  Just buy your $10 pitcher, get some plastic cups and a ball and go to town.I know it is hard to believe that I have never played beer pong even though I am a consummate drinker.  So what better way to pop my beer pong cherry than by playing while in Vegas.  I got in on a game with a new friend that had been playing beer pong with my friends earlier.  We were a great team and rocked our first two games.  At first I did think UGH I cannot believe we are drinking beer after that ball went in it since the ball has been bouncing all over the floor and had people's grubby hands all over it.  But I am pretty sure that all the alcohol killed whatever germs were floating around and I've already had my flu shots so I'm good.  I'm still alive 4 days later so it isn't gonna kill you so post up and play!I am DEFINITELY going to put O'Shea's in the Vegas rotation next time I come back!!
4	A bonus star goes to O'Sheas for their late night poker tournaments (midnight and 2AM) and the $2 Dos Equis, which was splendid after losing all my poker money to a bunch of damn Canadians. Also, they had a live band that featured a hot electric fiddle player - actually, maybe it was her presence that boosts this review up to 4 stars rather than the other less important crap.To recap: hot electric fiddle player = great, cheap beer and late night poker = good to above average, Canadians = squinty-eyed poker sharks (sorry Canada, it has to be said).
3	O'Sheas was proving to be an awesome dive on the strip when we saw they had $2 beers, and $1 margaritas! We were greeted by our first, of many, leprechauns and invited in for great deals on beers margaritas and BEER PONG.We went inside and got a few drinks a piece and were checking out things. I sat down to play some slots and video poker for a minute until the guys said we should play some beer pong. I'm not the kind to turn down a game that involves shit talking and drinking, so we headed to the beer pong corral. This place was entirely TOO packed. There had to have been a hundred people, in an area meant for fifty. We stepped up to see when we could get a table to play, and there was at least an hour wait. We were going to wait, until we asked where we got balls and cups, and they said to "re use the ones at the tables". Normally, I'm not against that as we usually do that when we play at a party, but those are my good friends, and these are a hundred drunk nobodies that I'll never see again and could possibly give me herpes. On that note, we about faced and headed out to find somewhere that offered a bit more than O'sheas. Great to stop in, but you won't want to stay too long.
5	This place is awesome we spent most of our time in Vegas at O'sheas, they have blackjack tables that play with a single deck and 10.00 minnimum which is hard to find. the crowd here is laid back and fun.. and of course the BEER PONG!! how can you pass on this place i plan on coming back over and over.
4	This was a dive bar we found and loved! IT is totally seedy but in a fun way. Super cheap drinks, and dollar minimum tables--- how fun is that?? This is a place where you can actually hang out and gamble for a while if you dont want to fork out a lot of money gambling. I loved the "split" blackjack which was new to me, but so much fun. We had a great time here.
4	Oh O'Sheas. Where else in LAS can you play Beer Pong in the middle of the afternoon after watching football all day? Where else in LAS can you create a game of flip cup that initiates hours of entertainment? On top of that - we have the $10 pitchers of beer - the "food court" filled with the likes of subway, and chinese -- AND there is still gambling should you feel the need. (I, the novice, won $100 in Blackjack there -- so definitely worthwhile). Bottom line: Fun for all ages - when you find yourself tired of the typical Vegas crowds and hype.... good place to come back to reality.
4	O'Shea's may be the coolest place on the strip.  It tends to draw the younger crowd, probably for the beer pong and cheap beer.  Drafts are usually $1 or $2.  Sometimes they have live music.  It's not big like the hotel casinos, and it's a little dirty, but I guess that's the way I like it.  Great place to get hammered and play beer pong, and maybe lose an article of clothing in the process.  Love it.
5	Did a little gambling and won $20 on the penny slots which was definitely nice, but the real win here are the drink specials. $1 Guinness drafts and $3 Irish Car Bombs!! I was able to buy drinks for everyone with my winnings and still have money left over!
3	So...I'm not really a let's get smashed on car bombs and play flip cup kind of girl...but if that's your bag, more power to you. I thought this place was cute in a silly sort of way. It's like a cliche college kid hangout type of place where they play drinking games (beer pong and flip cup) in the food court. The service is okay...kind of. The bartenders spend most of their time just filling trays of beers for the food court hoodlums. When the girl next time me tried to order something the bartender got mad at her and told her, "white girls don't listen." Hey! Don't be hatin' on whitey :(  Meanie. They have good specials for the beer drinkers, like 99 cent Guinness Draft. I'm not a beer drinking myself (wheat-free is the way to be!), but good deal for those who are. I guess to sum it up...if you're a beer lovin' youngin' this is the place for you.
4	I spent a good amount of time here, They have Beer Pong $23.50 for two pitchers cups and ping pong balls, And why not play tippie cup while your there? Get a pick up game in! The for some cards games they have the regulars but my favorite by far was War yes WAR! The dealers here are very talketive and friendly and hope you win! Atleast they seem that way, I will be back at this place at the War table next Vegas trip!
4	Who knew you could still find a place on the strip where the beers are $1, the tables plentiful, and the buy-ins low? Thank you Bonnie for introducing me to this little nugget! Sure, we stayed at the Wynn, where you practically have to tip the toilets just for flushing them, but that doesn't mean we required luxury non-stop!Plenty of Blackjack tables (my favorite), even though I was a bit confused by the fact that they were called "Lucky Ladies" tables - apparently just a sidebet that they elevated to the table signs! Finding a $5 table was no problem in the middle of a Sunday, and the crowds there are very fun-loving and unpretentious. I met a group of guys from Boston out there for their buddy's bachelor party - a fun group, even if we are sworn sports enemies! Lots of laughs all around. I will be hitting O'Sheas every time I visit Vegas from now on. It's exactly what you want from a casino: fun. Can't wait to try Beer Pong and Flip Cup next time, too!
4	Classiest of all the casinos on the strip, O'sheas has $5 blackjack tables at all hours, and a Burger King inside the casino.  When you are looking for a rowdy, down & out adventure, O'sheas is a good place to end the night.  The older gals that run the tables are sweet too, and very willing to coach and educate their novice players.
5	came for St Paddy's '10.... they threw a block party. closed down the street off the side from the strip. green beer, musicians and debauchery. just use your imagination. awesome.
5	I didn't stay here or gamble here but stopped in for a drink as we wandered down the strip and came across the 'little' man dressed in green pouring god knows what down the throats of willing participants at the bar. While I wouldn't stay here if you payed me cash it's a hilarious stop off as you make your way down the strip and certainly had a ton more atmosphere than many of its neighbors.
4	Have you played the game "Hook or no Hook" here? If not you should. I was here last week and I ended up playing a little BJ. The 2 guys that were already playing and the dealer were all playing this side game. It was real funny. Just about every 5 minutes, some lady would walk in and we all take turns guessing if she is a hook or not. You really have to look at the shoes. Most of the time if she has sensible shoes then she probably is not a hook, but I guess you never know. Many of these "Hooks" walked straight from the strip entrance right back to the bathroom, which is past the BJ tables. One of the security guards even heard us playing and took it upon himself to check on one of these "lady's of the night" that was in the bathroom for a LONG time. I don't know what ended up happening in that situation but it was just funny thinking about it again. This place is really cool and we have been here many times on other trips to Vegas. All I got to say is Burger King is really good after 10 beers at the BJ table. Remember to play "Hook or no Hook" if you are in O'Sheas. I guess you could play this game at other hotels, but this hotel gave you more and more chances to play every 5 minutes....Good Times....
3	If you took a rowdy college party in someones rented house and you mixed in some gambling this would would be the result. The drinks are super cheap here. There's a live rock band "band" that you can be a part of, kinda like more advanced karaoke I suppose. The crowd is younger and roudier than most and there is a tattoo parlor on site. The craps games at this joint go really fast so that the house can get more money moving. There are a bunch of fast food places in the back, Burger King, Pizza, Tacos, Wings, etc. Additionally, in the back there are beer pong tables to complete the college experience. Also if you go to the end of the rainbow you just might see a real life leprechaun pouring drinks directly into someone's mouth.
4	I learned how to play craps here- and the crowd is younger and livelier- it definitely makes for a better time. We played craps at Imperial Palace the next day and almost fell asleep! The tables here have lower minimums than the other hotels on the strip. Plus, since it's owned by Harrah's I was able to get points on my total rewards card for gambling here. I will definitely be back!.
3	$5 Casino War, Roulette, Black Jack!! It's cheap and everything is alright.  Let's just say on the weekdays the crowd isn't too diverse lol.  Weekends it gets SUPER packed but well worth it if you're in a group of people.  Def more fun if you're drunk and with a crowd.  I wish I could have played beer pong there. Oh well HOPEFULLY next time.cheap, not diverse in the people, strong drinks, fun games, you decide!
3	Oshea's..... Your like that GF I don't wanna be seen in public with. Your fun and so good in everything you "do" but I just cant bring you out to dinner because well your ugly. So let's all just stay in at Oshea's. This is what its like to have a casino in your dorm room. No one can throw craps here...... No one can play poker (except the old guys kicking the shit out everyone in the front) . No one plays blackjack particularly well. The women, instead of being entertained by money like most casinos, are fixated on your beer pong prowess. In fact it seems everyone is. I just don't.....?!?!    bah!  what the hell.... I WILL DESTROY  ALL OF YOU  YOUNG WHIPPERSNAPPERS IN BEER PONG..... YOU HAVE MET YOUR MAKER AND HE IS I !!!!!! sorry lost my place.... Well I lost all my money in craps here. You can too!!!! Just keep gambling. No one sets the dice and you'll be drunk with the 1 dollar beers so you haven't got a chance in hell. Good DAY!
4	When I travel, I prefer to go to places that aren't the "well known" spots because they tend to be the most fun.O'Sheas is fairly popular because it's on the strip but when you compare it to Mandalay Bay, Caesars, and other places it's not one of the more popular casinos.I got raped at blackjack here, but hard to give a place a bad rating on that (I won a decent amount at Bill's Casino and wouldn't give that place 5 stars by any means).  The biggest draw, however, is beer pong.  We got a table fairly quickly and nobody was bugging us to get off of it.  I know people don't go to Vegas to play beer pong, but we figured it would be a fun way to kill 3 hours and it was.
4	Gotta love $2 Car bombs, 'nuff said (cuz I dont remember the rest of the night)D:
4	What can I say about O'Sheas that hasn't already been said? Not too much, but I'll write a review anyway :)Yes, if you're going to O'Sheas, you're probably going because they have beer pong. I myself did not play, but I DID get to see some guys nearly come to blows over a game (for $100) that they were playing. Fun times! Yeah, it can kind of end up feeling like you're in a frat party - there may or may not be a fight and the end of the night. So why so many stars? O'Sheas is just a fun place. It's great that they have $5 blackjack and $5 minimum roulette. Most of the other nearby places are at least double that. Sure, the music can be a little too loud, and the karaoke/stage thing can be kind of annoying, but if you go in thinking you're going to a frat-ish casino, you can adjust your expectations. It's definitely a different experience from most of the other places close by.Due to the small-ish size of the place, it seems like the waitresses come around pretty frequently too - and if you're cheap enough to be playing $5 blackjack, you'll surely be happy to get those frequent free drinks. The dealers seem very nice too, which is always an added plus. The blackjack dealers will definitely tell you if you are doing something completely stupid in blackjack.There's even a mall-type food court all the way in the back, which I'm sure is a savior for all the drunk beer-pongers. I was happy that there was a Subway back there, so I could eat "healthy" at least once on my trip.One thing I will say bad about this place though is the poker tables. They are right by the door, and the place is so loud that you probably won't be able to concentrate whatsoever. However, although I didn't actually play myself, I think the players are probably a little looser than at other casinos. Probably because you won't find any of the old-man rocks like you usually find at nearby poker rooms. This place is too hip for them! Then again, it's probably not a good thing to have a poker room that is even looser than usual. Might as well just play roulette, since your odds will end up about the same.So yeah, go to O'Sheas for cheap gaming or beer pong. Get drunk, go home happy.
4	Somehow ended up at O'Sheas one night....Good, cheap, adult fun on the Strip.$1 frozen Baileys$2 Irish Car Bombs$2 beers... dont remember which ones. Heineken?They have quite a few beer pong tables, but they were all taken :/I think I remember seeing a sign for strip poker? hahaFood court in the back and a good amount of gaming tables with a cheap buy-in.Plus I won a little money on the Sex and The City slots ;)
5	Came here with a few friends (group of about 9) back at the beginng of August. We had already been drinking but then we heard about the car bombs. I don't remember how many rounds we did of them.I didn't play beer pong or gamble, and from what I can remember of the night, the balls were on the floor more than they were on the table.Overall, I had an awesome time and would definitely recommend checking it out.Oh, FYI, I had so much fun, I couldn't remember the name until I retraced our night's trip, lol! And I'm probably going back this weekend! Love this place.
5	O'sheas rocks! Fun little casino on the strip - 99 cent beers! Reminds me of the former Westward Ho, but with a little more noise!
3	Sometimes you have those epiphany moments.  Moments in time where you know you are experiencing something so awesome the coolness will never be matched for years to come.  It could be the birth of your first child.  It could be the moment you stare at your soon to be bride on the alter.  For me I was at O'Sheas bar with my head tilted back and a midget dressed as a leprechaun was pouring booze down my throat.  Can it truly get any better than this in life or was that it for me right there?  All kidding aside it's like having a ghetto right in the middle of the Vegas Strip.  Right by Caesar's, right next to the Flamingo sits this little dump of a gem called O'Sheas.  Cheap table games and a decent slot selection it's a great reality check from all the glitz and glamor of the Vegas Strip.  Sure it is also next the that dumpy Imperial Palace but let's face it, people go to that place to die or sing karaoke.  People come to O'Sheas on the other hand to get completely hammered and lose all of their money.  I once sat at a table here for 9 hours before even getting up to take a piss.  Number #1 I could not feel my legs when I got up #2 I was playing on the same $100 that entire time, #3 they like to serve booze and serve it fast and often.  O'Sheas was a dump when I started going.  A lot of folks avoided it in its early days.  Now you can hardly walk in the joint it's so packed.  So if you go in the day early, good times, just stake out your table and sit all day.  If you go at night you get what you deserve.  A bunch of frat boy types puking on you and acting like they have more than the 50 dollar bill they came in with.   So more like 4 stars in the day and 2 or 3 at night.
5	Ahhh, good ol' O'Sheas. Night not going so well? Broke? Need a drink/gamble? COME TO OSHEAS! On top of the world? Lady Luck is on your side? COME TO OSHEAS! That is the best part about O'Sheas. No matter which Vegas trip it is, its always a good time. The crowd tends be in the 20's and has a college vibe, all great things in my book. The best part is the craps and blackjack tables. Always very lively and some tables with very low min. bets. Drink prices are low compared to the rest of the strip, although they compare to normal bar (not club) prices off the strip. I always make O'Sheas the last stop on my night if I somehow survive a Las Vegas evening when Im in Vegas. If you have the time and love to party, O'Sheas should be on your list.
5	How can anyone write anything bad about O'sheas?This is the bar away from home that I must try to hit.  I love their draft beer, and love that they have beer pong. How can you not love the sight of a Leprechaun? How can you not love beer pong?  Rock Band? and Cheap Alcohol? This is my dive bar where I can gamble.  Sure you have a bunch of college kids that are plastered, but that is expected....ummmmm you do realize you are in VEGAS where alcohol is in your veins 24/7.  If you want cheap booze, great atmosphere and friendly people in VEGAS, there is no better place than O'sheas.
4	I liked this Casino because it seemed to cater to the younger crowd. I came here with a friend to take advantage of the $5 blackjack tables. The dealer was incredibly nice and very knowledgeable and helped the whole way thru, explaining why bets were wise/retarded. Although, it wasn't the nicest casino in town by far, it was the more fun Casino since the younger crowd was here and they seemed to be here to wet their feet in the casino or just have fun with their buddies. There weren't any stuck-up high-rollers or stuffy dealers. Everyone was there to have fun...THAT should be what Vegas is about...
5	My 100th Review!!! Wooooohooooo. (Although I lost a bet, I'm still proud)24-Hour Happy Hour at the O'Sheas.This is one of my favorite places to go in Vegas.  Since I am not into clubs or anything too crazy, this place suits me. I really love dive bars. Vegas has several on and off the strip, but this one is one of my favorite. First off, I am a fan of Guinness. I love Guinness and would drink it anytime. This is definietly a cheap place to drink.Mamma Mia's Pizzeria -- after a couple drinks this pizza tastes amazing! I like to people-watch. So I get a kick out of this place and just watch people make fools out of themselves. The beer pong is also cool to watch. The gambling is very cheap, the service is fast.This is a must when I visit Vegas!
4	This review is only for the casino.We only stayed here a short while.  Unfortunately, because I really wish we had time to visit O'Sheas again.  We stopped by because we had time and we've heard good things about this place.Lets start with the crowd.  DEFINITELY a much younger crowd than you see at other casinos on or off the strip.  It's much livelier place.I wasn't in the mood to gamble when we came in here, but my cousin was.  (Finishing 3/4 of a yardstick from Fat Tuesday in probably 30 minutes justifies you not gambling).  Like I said, younger crowd.  The guys at the table were really chill and having a good time.  The dealer also was just chatting it up.  That's what I want when I gamble.  Makes me feel better about losing money.I'll definitely be hitting this place up with gambling buddies, next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Burger King, Beer Pong, people throwing up, and gambling!  We stay at Harrah's regularly when in Vegas and this place is nice and close.  Believe it or not I like the fact that it has a food court in the back with places to get Subway, Burger King and pizza.  Thats basically why they get three stars...for the food you can get at anytime of the day.We were there on the night before my wedding while out partying on the strip.  We went in the casino to get everyone some food...we were all having a great time.  Then we noticed there was some rather large younger guy passed out at the table a few feet away from us.  We all could not figure out what was up with the guy and then finally after a while security came up and tried to wake him up.  At this point one of his frat buddies came running up trying to explain that he was "cool" and to just leave him alone.  The security continued to try and wake him up and get him out of his chair.  Have you ever watched that Family Guy where they are all sitting around the living room projectile vomiting?  Well thats what this guy did.He didn't just throw up he threw up everywhere. They should have just left the guy alone.  For some reason the way they handled it made me want to not come back here.  Also when my wife went up to the bar to buy some beers for everyone she sat there and was ignored for almost 5 minutes.  It was not even that busy of a night.  Maybe everyone was busy taking care of Mr Vomit...who knows.:0)
4	Love this place for one reason. BEER PONG! It is awesome. Go all the way to the back because that is where the tables are. There are balls flying everywhere! (that's what she said) My bro and I frequent this spot every time I make a trip to Las Vegas. It is an awesome place to pre-game before hitting the clubs. Everyone complains that it is expensive but you really just have to strategize. See what I do is find a table, buy a pitcher then have the opposing team by their pitcher. We commence playing then someone will come up asking who gets to play winner. I tell them you can as long as you buy the beer. Obviously this only works if you're good at pong cause if you lose you're S.O.L. I really like this place. It is a fun atmosphere and if you take my strategy you will be drunk for the price of only one pitcher. The only thing I would say kinda sucks is the parking structure is so sketchy and smells like piss. Also, it gets pretty slippery with all the idiots spilling beer so be cautious when walking around. Instead of water cups to "clean" the balls after they land on the floor they should use some sort of lysol. I mean come on guys thats how you get hepatitis. lol but really GO here you will have lots of fun!
4	Definitely my favorite dive bar on the strip. Go for 2$ Irish Car Bombs & Beer Pong in the back.
5	Two words.....BEER PONG!!!!!!!I am not a beer drinker, but I do love the game!!Came here in July 2010, and we kept coming during our stay!!!Keep your wrist band on for UNLIMITED....YES UNLIMITED BEER PONG!!!!!!Saturday night they have a contest where people can challenge others for the ultimate game of beer pong!!!Their drinks are cheap and definitely the place to hit up inbetween clubbing or bar hopping!!Close by to Caesar's and the Venetian so you don't have to worry about not knowing what to hit up next!!!Go with a big crowd so you can all pitch in for big pitchers of beer etc!!!!Great fun for everyone....and check your lame friends at the door 'cause this ain't the place to bring 'em
1	Greg the bartender ignored us for 10 mins . Then when he finally decides to serve us after serving everyone that came after us, he gives us these half filled cups. WTF Greg. If it werent for the 99cents frozen bailey ads outside we wouldn't have even walked into this place. It's small, it smells and it's full of old people trying to play beer pong :(
5	The new osheas is awesome! Love the atmosphere every time!
2	Being a poor grad student, I visit O'Sheas at least once every time I'm in Vegas.  We usually have a good time here, esp with $5 blackjack.!! At my last visit, the bartender in the beerpong area was charging $25 for "setup fees" for the cups and ball. !!  WTF, I should quit my job and set up beerpong tables for a living.  Dude was a huge douchebag to others also.  Wish I'd looked at this dude's name so people could avoid him.
5	I don't know where to start. This place had me at $3 irish car bombs. The bartenders were super sweet every time and very patient despite the swarms of drunk people. Our last night in Vegas was made by the entertainment crew and a random patron.  Some nice guy bought me and 6 (maybe more) friends several rounds of O'sheas beloved Irish car bombs allowed us to sing and dance on stage with them and overall made it a well sought out night! For my first experience with Vegas I will make sure to stop by O'sheas every time!
1	O'Sheas gave us one of the worst experiences we have ever had in Vegas!!!We were there this past weekend with my family and decided to play Black Jack.  My husband was a bit intoxicated, but still coherent.  The thousand year old lady dealer that my husband and Uncle had was ending her shift.  As she was leaving my husband went to tell her goodbye and she went off on him.  Why you ask???  Because he was drunk and annoying???  NO!!!  Because he did not tip her!!!  She went on a 5 minute tirade about how everyone all day has tipped her and how he didn't!!!  My husband always tips when tips are deserved.  Obviously, by this display of her lovliness, she did not deserve a tip!!!  I can not believe a casino...or any place of business for that matter...would allow an employee to conduct themselves in such a manner!!!  In addition, this place is old and full of drunk college kids.  Nothing wrong with drunk college kids, but I have been out of college for more than 10 years now so my patience is a little thinner now!!!The only positive about this place is the very nice psychic toward the back.  I had never been to a psychic before and figured Vegas was probably the perfect place to pop that cherry.  She was great and her fee is well deserved!!!
4	This place has seen better days like a worn old pair of shoes that you won't throw out because they're so comfortable. I like it here. I've never played here that I didn't have a blast. Dealers and patrons alike are friendly and interact with one another. I tend to win more when I'm having fun, and they keep the drinks coming.  People come from all over Vegas to play here because they can let their hair down and have fun, unlike other ritzy places.It's also the only casino I know of where you can sit at a blackjack table and watch someone get their ass tattoed. (There's a small tattoo shop in the corner next to the Imperial Palace side.) Patrons can elect to have the curtains closed...or not. This is truly as case of what goes to Vegas DOESN'T stay in Vegas. Luckly, I've never had so much to drink this sounds like a good idea. I would hate to have a sore bum for the rest of the week.
5	Great place to hang out with the gang, they are good tables, cheap drinks, and of course they have 8 beer pong tables, surrounding the beer pong tables they have a food court.  The staff is very friendly, i always swing by every time i come to Vegas.
3	I love this place for $5 Blackjack and $3 car bombs. It stops there. There is an area designated for beer pong aka bro fest aka sausage fest aka free hepatitis. It's fun to watch for the first 10 minutes. If you enjoy the game of beer pong and don't mind any of the above mentioned, this is your place! Food court is decent.  Everything looks great when you're drunk. I say stick with Subway... Who doesn't love sandwiches?The bartenders are just stupid. How many times does a bartender have to walk past you in order to notice you in an empty bar?On a positive note: GOOD, CHEAP & FUN!
3	O'Shea's was kind of dump. Ok...it is a dump, but everything is cheap, there were a ton of tables and there was a food court that we didnt need to venture toward, but, it's there. The down side is that it attracts the type of clown that I normally like to avoid...douchebags full of liquid courage. We didnt spend a ton of time here, but we were served 2 drinks in about 8 minutes so that was ok. The tiny gentleman that was howling on the mic out front makes no sense to me even if he is dressed like a Leprechaun. All in all, I'd have no problem spending half a day here and taking advantage of the low cost.
3	a friend and i were on the hunt for a place that had beer pong...after yelping, osheas came up and so we decided to go check it out. its definitely a cheaper casino off the strip. pitchers of coors light were $11 and they came in an official beer pong  pitcher with official beer pong cups. awesome. got in on a game of beer pong with some canadians...i don't even want to think about what those balls are bouncing around in when they hit the floor. its better to not analyze that situation and just drink. interesting mix of people...would i hang out here all the time? no. but for beer pong i'll make an exception.
4	This place is a great escape from the sometimes pricey rest of the strip. Great for those dicey situations where you blow all your money on dancing gals but still have a day left on your vacation. Very cheap booze, $2 beer all day and $3 beer&hot dog combos. Solid casino with cheap table game limits. Nice little dive bar for when the opulence of the nicer places overwhelms you.
3	I'm not a fan of O'Sheas.  It certainly wouldn't be my casino of choice if I was wandering the Strip.  That said, I'm sure the table limits are low and when I've been there for shows, it seems to have a younger, louder, more alcohol impaired crowd.  Not my kind of casino, but there are worse.The food court in the back looks perfectly fine for a quick eat.  The garage has to rank up there as being one of the worst in Las Vegas.  There are competitors, but this one can hold its own.  Just try finding it.
5	If you're lucky enough to be Irish, then you're lucky enough! But you know whats better than that? Being Irish, and gettin lucky on roulette in an Irish casino!!!!Thanks O'Sheas! You funded my trip the gun store! PS+1 star for sit-and-go poker+4 stars for Guinness on tap! ~Slainte!
5	A lot of fun! Low minimums, leprechauns, young crowed and always the start to a memorable Vegas Night!
4	This place looks like it sucks on the outside, but once you come in, you've just signed yourself up for a good time. Lots of people playing beer pong.No need to worry about the shallowness of some of the clubs on the Vegas trip. This is old school Vegas (without having to go downtown) here.  Show up in shorts and your favorite wolf t shirt. Come to this establishment and drink, gamble, BS with a few people, and get out.
3	O'Sheas Casino is a great little place if you're looking for a change of pace while cruising the on the Strip. It's a gem, it's a dive, it's a place that you won't find high rollers and it has a Burger King in its "food court". O'Sheas might not be the cleanest casino, the largest casino, and heaven knows the dealers are not the friendliest around but if you're looking for a cheap table game, dear reader, then O'Sheas the place to go...until you make it to Harrah's or the Paris Hotel!
4	Am I in Chico or O'Sheas Casino? This place cracked me up and we had such a good time. This isn't for you prissy princess-types. THis is for folks looking to laugh and enjoy your background scenery as a rousing game of beer-pong. All the dealers were a hoot (that we encountered). Not exactly a "clean-feeling" place ... might need to bust out the extra hand-sanitizer, but that's every casino. Such a fun time. Hee-haw.
2	Too crowded and full of fraternity trash now.Beer pong?  I'm getting too old for this shit.
3	Ok so im rating  this review based off what i expect from this place.....which is cheap and i mean CHEAP drinks and some casual (maybe drunken) fun......it always crowded...especially the bar by the entrance next to the poker tables.....which they always have some games going......in the back they have blackjack and they have some video poker machines at both bars.....ok so heres my version of the lay of the land : in the front theres a bar that always has either really cheap drinks or some sort of special usually dollar beers  ...next to it are some poker games going where people look pretty serious for being in a 1$ 2$ game in this place lloll.....in the middle-ish area theres to the left blackjack tables (and some other table i dont know what htey re playing lloll) where people look a little less serious....and a stage where they usually have some cheesy cover band playing and 50 yr old drunk (groupies ?) dancing and cheering.... a little secret behind the stage is a little cigar shop my bf always drags me too...but honestly their cigars are preety good , very reasonable prices you can get a decent cigar for 10$ im obv not a cigar buff but the ones ive had from there suit my and his needs perfectly.....to the right (middle) another bar usually a little less crowded than the other one.... behind it are beer pong tables typically filled with frat boys , drunk shoe-less girls and their boyfriends who dragged  them their after the club and some other people who i dont feel lik categorizing right now lloll.....behind that is a little food court with a burger king, subway and a little pizza place (i eat at the pizza place its really good when you've been drinking) and some other places but i never payed attention to any of the them because they never have lines lloll but they may be good as well i dunno....all in all this place is a casual eclectic mix of locals, db's from the club, middle aged rockers, young locals and just anyone who wants to get drunk for cheap.....its NOT somewhere i would wanna spend my whole night but its usually where we start our night out or end up there at the end of it....it may sound like im dissing the place but i like it for its dirty Vegas charm ,cheap drinks, silly bands and casual atmosphere....its a nice break from some of the overpriced snooty clubs and casino's. :)
5	I make friends and have fun every time I come in here.  Dirty? Yes! Boat racing? Yes! Cheap? Yes! It's a trip back to college (or if you're in college you'll feel right at home). We rallied some troops and started playing boat racing (flip cup, as it were). Everyone wanted to jump in. It's a great place to kick-off the night or take a break from the scene. Pitchers of light beer are only $11 bucks, so you'll save a dime and have a blast. You'll need to have some patience getting a table. Get a pitcher ready and ask a table that is winding their game down if you can play winner. FUN.
1	What a filthy shit hole. The place stinks and they leave trash all over the floor. It reeks of stale beer and smoke. And they have the balls to only  have 10.00 and  15.00  tables on the weekend. Place is for losers and drunks. Don't waste your time.
3	Tired of the mega - casino resorts on the strip?Don't have a ton of money to spend but want to enjoy a night at the $5 blackjack tables?Just looking for cheap, and I do mean cheap, drinks?Don't give a rats ass that this place is a dump and almost basically a dive bar kind of place? Don't mind that they have multiple beer pong table games going on with drunken loud participants?Enjoy listening to a live band playing Stone Temple Pilots, Guns N Roses, and other 80's and 90's rock all night?Then this is the type of casino for you! I had a blast here the other night with only about $100 to spend. Gambled for hours, drank until heavily buzzed, won some coin, rocked out to great music, and then stumbled back to my room at the Flamingo. This is an old school Vegas casino that does not care about how they look or are perceived. There is no pretention here. Just a down and dirty casino to party at and have a good time. If you are tired of the huge and glitzy casinos on the strip, and just want to play some blackjack or craps without the big table minimums, then go here and enjoy.
4	The craps dealers are knowledgeable here my style betting is that if i have any numbers renaining on a new point i like to throw a $1 chip bet on big seven to cover the bet. Most of the time that seven hits they just give back my money but these guys asked if i wanted the bet to stay up and then took care of my bet for me. Only works if you are at a hot table
3	I'm a big fan of O'sheas for day drinking. They have great drink specials 24/7. I like coming in here to play a game of beer pong as well. Normally there is a good younger crowd in here. Beware though O'shea's for some reason smells like vomit all the time (probably due to drink specials)
4	O'Sheas CasinoLV: StripFriday April 23, 20114 Stars.Laker Game Win.Beer Pong with really full glasses.I lost a lot of games and drank a lot of beer.Fun Place.Plus there is a subway really close by.
3	O'Sheas is like the tail end of a sad frat party. When you just open up the doors and let everyone in - and I mean absolutely anyone and everyone. When you need a new term for "beer goggles" because "beer goggles" doesn't even begin to cover it anymore. When you start to notice a group of drunk girls who can't keep their tube tops up, have their shoes laying on the floor, and are falling over the beer pong table. When your poker game turns into strip poker. When you feel the need to wipe down your entire body with antibacterial wipes. When you... Yeah. So it's bad and awesome all at the same time - evening out to about 3 stars. If nothing else, this is some seriously prime people-watching.
5	You dont go here for the decor or the entertainment. You go here to have  a great time at a casino where you can gamble as little or as much as you like. Great place to go in my opinion!
5	Love O'Sheas, cheap drinks, nice intimate atmosphere and they have some really good covers bands on, can get really packed later on.
3	It has a nostalgic feel of a typical Irish dive bar from back home in Boston. The crowd is less "look at me" and more interested in hanging at the bar, listening to the live band or playing at the tables. It's always crowded and a great location right on the strip with the doors open. Drinks are reasonably priced and serves as a cool spot to start or end your night.
4	Got suckered into the place for their $1 margarita (the size of a water cup at your local water cooler) but its the perfect way to pull you in and get you tempted in their low minimum tables.They got our $20 on the roulette table and i was perfectly happy to do so.
2	I knew there had to be a place on the strip where I could gamble and feel like I was at a frat party at the same time!  This place is dirty, smelly and gross, and everybody is way sloppier than at any other Vegas casino.  Still, it's not without its charm.  Everybody is having quite the time, and the people watching here takes on a different flavor than it has elsewhere in this town.  I had a good time here I guess... but I can't bring myself to say I'm looking forward to coming back.  Also, try to use the bathroom elsewhere.
3	I have been to O'Sheas at night before. We tried to play beer pong but it was super crowded, beer all over the floor and there just seemed to be no way we could get a table.Came back Friday morning. and yes I mean morning BEFORE lunch.  There were already couple of people playing beer pong but it was still clean and there were a whole bunch of tables open for us to play.  We got 4 pitchers of beer between the 4 of us and I can't even remember how many games we played.  I don't even remember the walk back from O'Sheas to our hotel to check in.I had such a great time since I didn't have to mess with the crowd or the messy floor.  The bartender even gave me discounts on the 3rd and 4th pitcher!If only this place was like this all day I would give it more stars~!
4	While O'Shea's Casino is a bit of a divey place, take a walk back to the "food court" and try the pizza at Mamma Mia's Pizzeria. We believe the taste and quality are better than the pizza we had at the Cosmo a day later. The crust was thin and crispy, and just overall was rather tasty. We'll probably go back again and again.
3	Anyone that's been to Vegas knows O'Sheas.  O'Sheas is good for two things and that's $1 drink specials and people watching.  The beer pong is cool...if you don't mind being a homo.  I guess O'Sheas makes an attempt at pulling frat boys who can't let go of their glory daze.Nevertheless, O'Sheas is a cool spot to down some dollar brews and equally cheap shots.  The casino has a few bars, but they do get packed during peak hours and especially on holidays.  The green man can be seen on holidays and will always pour green booze down girls' gullets.  The casino has table games and plenty of slot machines and usually has a live band going by the main bar - across from Margaritaville.  The ambiance and cheap liquor is the real (and only) reason to stop by O'Sheas.  Lastly, there's a few eating options, including: Subway, pizza, Cinnabon, and other junk food in their small food court towards the back of the casino.
4	There's something about a dive-bar casino on the strip that has beer pong tournaments in the back and poker tables in the front. The daytime O'Sheas is pretty peaceful and calm.To truly experience the real O'Sheas Casino, you have to come here at night, when it feels like you walked into a college frat party that has no purpose, except to have fun and get wasted. Drinks are pretty cheap. Of course if you're gambling, they're free.I actually enjoy coming here to play play poker.  The tables are right by the open front. It's like you are practically playing poker on the sidewalk of Las Vegas Boulevard. The patrons here are here to drink and have a good time.I'm always "Dublin Up" at O'Sheas ! ! !
3	It felt over crowded with little walking room in this very small place.  It probably because they had a beer pong tournament going on, live band playing, poker tables taking up majority of the place, and cheap beer which is all cool. I bought a beer and spent all of about 5-10 mins inside to check this place out then went on to the next place.I did notice that they had some teriyaki, ice cream, pizza, and mexican food. So good cheap beer, drunk food, beer pong equals good times.
2	Why are you going to Vegas?Thats the question you have to ask yourself before going to O'Sheas. If the purpose is to relive your college days without feeling guilty than by all means O'Sheas is the spot for you. However...If the purpose of your trip to Vegas is to have fun, party in a nice place, and do some legit gambling than steer away.Every time I visit O'Sheas (my friends are big fans) I feel like National Lampoons Vegas Vacation. I keep waiting to chose a number 1-10 or guess what hand the ball is in.I waited 30 minutes for a seat at one of their 2 poker tables and none became available so I left. I will probably come back because as I said my friends enjoy reliving their college experiences but Im ok moving on from my glory days.
5	What is there NOT to love about O'Sheas?I mean, yeah, it's the 'dive' of the Strip.  Expect absolutely no classiness here, at all.  But, who cares?  It has tons of other redeeming factors, like...*ahem*+ $5 roulette and blackjack tables with friendly dealers (aka dealers who guide you through the games).+ Security guards who, after carding you, know exactly where you live AND come up to you the next day to say hi.  Oh, and take pictures with you.+ Two-for-one check-in specials on drinks!  +A witty employee who has sassy lines like, "I see that you were born in '11..." after taking your id.+ Cheap shots, cheap pitchers+Ummm, beer pong?!  Hello, amazing.+Corn dogs, bk and nachos+And last, but def NOT least, a million outlets where you can charge your pathetic and always dying phone.  My friends and I spent two consecutive nights here....and they were probably two of the most fun/memorable/hysterical nights in Vegas EVER.
3	A bit tacky, but the price is right for the strip.  I'd say it is definitely worth a visit.  Don't expect too much but definitely be sure to check in when you get there, yelp offers some great specials a lot of times (can you say two-for-one?).
3	This is the place to load up on $1 draft beers while you wait for your table at Margaritaville.  That way, when you're seated you're already buzzed and don't have to waste money on $8 Landshark Lagers!  You're welcome!
5	Ok, if you make a trip to Las Vegas, you must frequent O'Sheas Casino. Let me preface this review.  If you are one of those up class folks, looking for fancy pleasantries, that usually cost a lot of money and require dressing up, this is NOT the place to go.  However, if you are trying to find a homey, casual bar, probably like the one you frequent at home, the O'Sheas on the Las Vegas strip is the place to go. There are no foods I can't pronounce, no long lines with 21yrs in barely nothing, no covers, and no bouncers that think they are god's gifts to mankind. Nope, none of that. Located across from Ceasar's this place has everything you need. Cheap tables, lots of slots, live music, cheap food, and beer pong....yes, I said beer pong! O'Sheas has several Hold'em tables located right at the entrance that have not only a minimum $2 bet, but also a max of $6. This means no high rolling rich guy can buy the pot...you gotta know how to play. They also have the usual; black jack, roulette, crazy poker and tons of others. Most times, as low as $5 with really nice dealers. There is a "high roller" section for poker. In back, there are several affordable food places; burger king, pizza, subway, and little place that sells awesome rice and chicken and $3 hotdogs.  In addition to the music playing in the casino, on the weekends, the place has live music up front. I have only seen three groups but they were all great singing a variety of music.  And lastly, while I don't play true beer pong (dirty ball rolling on the ground in my beer) I do think the game is pretty damn awesome.  And watching drunk people play is equally as fun. So I applaud the place for appealing to what people like.
3	O'Sheas "poker room" is laughable. It's not even a real room, just 4 poker tables placed between the Dublin Up bar and the doors to the strip. It is the only place where you can play poker right on the Vegas Strip and if you haven't experienced that it can be pretty cool and distracting at times. The cocktail service was pretty reasonable. The casino was packed and the waitress still managed to bring a round of drinks at regular intervals. She also had a couple of extra 16oz drafts on her tray for anyone who didn't order but wanted a beer while she was dropping off. Which I thought worked out pretty well for everyone. She gets a tip and I get a beer without having to wait for her to take another round of orders and go to the bar to fill them.The staff and dealers do a good job. Not the the best dealers in Vegas but not the worst either. There was a good live band on stage playing some John Mayer, Dave Matthews, and taking requests (and tips) from the crowd. All in all it was pretty good ambiance for a night of Texas Hold'em.
4	First off, putting this place up to the standards of the other hotels on the strip is just illogical - it's like comparing a $4.99 steak to a steak at Mastro's. This place is just fun, and if you're looking to have a low-budget night out on the strip that doesn't involve bourgeoisie bars or clubs, I'd say Oshea's is worth a visit.A couple Cliff Notes:1) Low limit tables - $5 blackjack! 2) Beer Pong tables - pretty legit set up of pong tables, about 8 of them. You can buy a pong set-up from the bar (2 pitchers of beer, 2 pong balls, 2 water-wash cups, and 20 plastic cups) for $23!
4	4 out of 5 Stars....This place is a Shit hole!!!  With that being said, I absolutely loved this place.Walking in, the first you do is get a big whiff of some funky butt lovin!!  I dont know exactly what that is but it just hits you in the face.  After you take a minute to adjust to the smell, you notice that its not that big, but it has pretty much every table for gambling.  If we still lived in the dark ages, this is where the common folk would hang out.  You dont have to be a high roller, you dont have to have a huge bank roll, you dont have to dress to impress, you just have to want to have fun.I think the best part about this place is that they have beer pong in the back (technically it is called beirut).  They also have a Burger King and a Subway restaurant in the back too!!  So when lose your money at the tables, just go in the back and get a Whopper...probably the best money you will spend for what you get hahaha.  If you are looking for a place with down to earth people that just want to have fun, check this place out.  The place might smell like old cheese and the tables might be stained with spooge but it has a homey feel to it.  I will certainly be back and try to actually win money.
3	It's an odd piece on the strip. It has the feel of the downtown casinos. It's smaller then most other casinos on the strip, but it always seems to be crowded. So, they are doing something right.
4	Super cheap, ice cold miller's on draft?  CHECKPoker tournaments? CHECKBeer Pong competitions?  CHECKMidgets pouring shots down your throat?  CHECKObviously, this isn't the cleanest or nicest place to visit in Las Vegas, but when you're walking down the strip on a hot day, and you'd like a cheap cold one to quench your thirst, this is the place to go!TIP:  It's also a great place to learn a new gambling game because it's so inexpensive!
3	Stinky, stinky stinky. Once you enter the smell hits you and it smells like everything bad + maybe more. Good thing is it's one of the few places that has beer pong. I believe they have about 6 -8 tables but it's first come first serve, and once you have a table you can stay there for however long you want. ***Women's bathroom seemed as if the heater was on!
5	3 dollar Irish car bombs(at least when I went)? Give me that!Craps and poker pretty much outdoors? Give me that!Rowdy ass atmosphere that only compares to being at a frat party? Okay I'll take that!O'sheas is the spot for me when I am in Vegas, it is usually my first stop once I start roaming the strip. I get my car bombs in and get a bit of gambling down. Usually a few more rounds of car bombs and get my night going. It is an excellent spot to do some people watching, if you are not drunk yourself you could watch all the drunks walk by O'sheas and then maybe catch TJ from the show 'Vegas Strip'. Bottom Line: CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP booze and craps was usually 5 dollars unless it was a Saturday night.If you are in Vegas stop at O'sheas to get your night going!
5	Gambling on the strip without the pretension? Yes, it can be done..O'Sheas is basically a dive bar casino, so right up my alley. $5 tables for those who play lower black jack tables and $50 tables for those who like to gamble a little more.  Beer is ice cold and cheap, they have beer pong which I thought was a bit interesting, but brought me back to college for a minute. Love this place though
3	My boyfriend likes playing craps at O'Sheas because they are more likely to have $5 tables than places like Treasure Island, Mirage, etc.  He also likes it because you can order Guinness.  I took a sip of his Guinness and it tasted watery and not cold enough but whatever.  I lost some money on the slots and then watched him play craps for a while.  He pretty much broke even I think or lost some money.  This place isn't the cleanest and has no flash to it whatsoever but it gets the job done.  Also, it attracts a rowdy crowd so it was fun to watch people hollering for no reason (aka, they won $20).
3	We stopped here to check out Vince Neil's tattoo parlor and ended up getting lured inside by the sights, the sounds, the smells.We noticed the marquee sign outside "1 dollar coors banquet bottles" only to find out that there is a smaller sign you can only see from inside the bar inside the casino that says the dollar bottle deal only runs from 6 am to 6 pm. Any other time the bottles are 4 dollars. Nice false advertising. So we asked what drink specials they had at that time and he said they had 2 dollar drafts so we asked for 2 of those. The beer was flat and served in 8 oz plastic cups. We kept on walking that night.We came back during the day while walking down the strip and got a couple of the dollar coors bottles and dropped some money in the slots. Pretty loose slots, we ended up about 20 bucks ahead. We hit the food court for some french fries and people watched for a bit before leaving. It was pretty dirty with a run down looking Burger King and a Subway. Yes the crowd gets loud here whenever anyone wins at anything. Fun atmosphere if you like that kinda thing. This is where our kids would hang out if they came to Vegas. Wouldn't call it a must see, but we will probably come back. Why not?
4	stopped in here after our stop at Chateau because were were feeling food and drinks and we all saw the $3 beer and hot dog special.  the hot dogs were just regular old hot dogs, but they hit the spot, and the beer was either coors or miller draft, but it was pretty cheap for food and drink.  we went to get a couple extra beers and the size they give you for the hot dog beer deal and the beer you would buy are the same size, but if you buy just a beer it is $4 so you might as well just get another hot dog deal for $3 and give the coupon for the hot dog to someone else, or get another hot dog as it ends up being cheaper.  but we just chilled around here for a little and then leftthey have their beer pong area, but it had the be the biggest sausage fest trash talking area i have seen with typical frat like douches who think they are gods gift to drinking and drinking games.  i wouldn't play there, but they seemed to have fun talking about how awesome there were.cheap food and drinks here, so i would probably come back late night in the future
1	What a lame place! We went here so my friend could get some cheap food before going back to the real casinos. The inside was full of typical college frat boys AND they even had beer pong. Seriously, who goes to play beer pong at a casino besides fratties? After ordering a couple beers from the rudest and surliest bartender ever (Vito) we got the hell out of there. If you wanna eat at the casino equivalent of a mall food court and be surrounded by drunk frat guys, this is your spot. Don't forget to say hi to Vito!
3	This place is like a time warp back to a frat party. It's beer, beer, beer and beer pong. It is so hilarious watching guys try to teach foreign tourists the intricacies of beer pong. They're like.. "What, I have to drink this beer now?"Just like in college, the bathroom is filled with the sound of over-imbibed newbies puking so they can go back for more. That which does not kill us, makes us stronger.
4	What's not to like about o'sheas?First, it's right in the middle of the strip, very easy to get to.Secondly, they have $5 tables.  Right, who else has that on the strip?Thirdly, they have beer pong tables. Not flimsy ones either, but 'official' tournament tables.Finally, one dollar beer (coors).Seriously, what's not to like? :)
5	this place is nice i like how full it is and the live band.  they have $5 table and you can stay there all night, I did not like the pong beer game but, just dont play. that game is nasty. all the table were not full but the place was full enough for me.
4	5 dollar tables and beer pong?  Count me in!  Osheas is conveniently located on the strip.  The atmosphere is not pompous like the newer casinos, but is very fun and rowdy with a great mix of people.  PROTIP:  Make the trek out here if you can, one of the casino dealers informed me that Oshea's would be closing within the next two years so they can build something new.
5	This place rocks! Beer pong tournaments, cheap gaming and a super fun crowd. Go here!!!
3	I probably should have reviewed this place before having those three irish car bombs....
4	Cheap drinks, cheap gambling, it's right on the strip.Did I mention cheap drinks?But where did the awesome redheaded little person go that used to dress as a leprechaun who greeted you as you walked in the door go?  I miss him--he was scrappy :)
5	O'sheas is perfect for doing Vegas on a budget! Which, let's face it, most of us are! They have great drink specials, affordable gambling tables, a fast food food court in the casino, and beer pong too! A great combo of college and adulthood!
4	My wife and I like to sit at O'Sheas, drink, play video poker, and watch the managerie of Las Vegas Boulevard go by.
5	O'Sheas, how I love you! It's a cute and small casino located on the strip, I must have passed it a thousand times yet I had never went in until late last year where I learned how to play Craps! Craps is not my favorite gambling game and the good thing about O'Sheas is that they've got $5 tables. The employees are really helpful too!
4	Cheap drinks, and cheap gambling on the strip. One bartender was really nice and gave us some tips on good bars. too bad we couldn't follow his advice as we came here on our last night. Anyways, i got like 3 pretty strong irish car bombs with my friends. Each car bomb was like 5 dollars, 2 dollars less than a beer anywhere else on the strip! Blackjack for 5 dollars! awesome! Beerpong in the back, but you are in vegas... not a frathouse. The only thing i didn't like was the kinda dirty compared to the other casinos, but hey! where else are you going to get  cheap drinks!
1	This place is so janky. GROSS!! We parked in their garage. it smelled like pee and there were gross stains everywhere. I think some group of drunk kids thought it would be funny to make shoe imprints on the beams. Eh. Oh and their elevator creeped me out. I was worried it would break down and we would be trapped in shitty stink hole for hours. They hired a dwarf to dress up as a leprechaun. That's just sad.
3	$20 set up for beer pong. The tables are crowded. If you find a group close to finishing, jump in and ask if you can get the next game. A visit back to our university days was enough to prove that a few infrequent reminders was enough for nostalgia. O'Sheas is mainly a popular place to hang for Las Vegas youth on the Strip. The prices are not too steep and has the run down charms of collegiate life. The table games are just as high as the big name casinos. With that being said, you might as well go to a larger venue to avoid the confined smoky room.
4	Really fun place to gamble. The tables have good limits and the atmosphere was great. They play live music and the crowd seemed to really enjoy it. Had some good luck here and wish I could have played longer, but it was already 4am. I would go back here.
2	Cool little casino with some good drinks at the bar. Food court with regular fast food junk. Stop by here for a drink then move along.
4	I freaking love this place.  It's old, dirty, and a great place to celebrate St. Pattie's Day with all your new bffs.  Unfortunately, I heard they're closing soon, so I'm glad I got in while I did.  Here's what I did at O'Sheas, if my memory serves me correctly: cheap drinks and cheap tables, oh and I peed once. (in the bathroom)
2	Somebody told me to go here cuz I like cheap crap tables.  They did have that but this place was wack!  There were so many drunk people; don't get me wrong, drunk people don't bother me, only the one big guy who was drooling, rubbing his belly and staring me down.  I'll never wear my club clothes in here again; that is if I ever find myself there again.  It's like a bad frat party.  I think this place is just out of my age range.  For the freshie 21 yr olds, you'll probably feel right at home.
4	I love this place haha .... what a refreshing sight from all the super expensive places on the Las Vegas Strip.  They completely play up the old, divey casino and know how to do it! Where else can you play 10-cup beer pong and buy two pitchers of domestics for $23.50 (which was about 1 1/2 games of that 10-cup beer pong!!) .... it's smoky, divey, dirty, trashy and AWESOME.  Trust me when I say "this ain't no Bellagio" but that's what you're going there for.  It's a bunch of younger 20-somethings getting drunk - just make sure you know that's what you're walking into (come on now, there's a tattoo shop connected!!) and you'll be sure to have an absolute blast!!
4	I had to go this evening to have my final drink at the back bar.  A good group of friendly bartenders work the back bar giving out great service as opposed to the front bar that has unfriendly bartenders giving below average service.  Anyway, I will miss this place as it is/was unpretentious and all about having fun.  It seems that one by one all of these places are going away and being replaced by more expensive/high end places.  It keeps making the renaissance downtown a more attractive option.
5	Old, dirty, and about to close down.  But man did we have some fun here.  My buddies and I pretty much took over a blackjack table and proceeded to lose money, drink a ton a beer and generally have a great time.  I will be curious to see what is in this spot the next time we go back to Vegas.
5	$5 Irish car bombs, $4 well shots, $6 mixed drinks... BEST place to get hammered on the strip.
4	O'Sheas is a Las Vegas strip anomaly. The glitz and glamor of neighboring casinos is lost within these walls. It's cheap, dirty and coated with cigarette smoke, body odor and whiskey. That's why I love it.Families and elderly: Stay very far away.Young people: Step inside and put on your party hat.Things of joy and/or concern: Live music, dumpy bathrooms and frat guys. $5 Blackjack and $3 car bombs. Blue collar clientele. Burger King. Attractive location, unattractive innards. O'Sheas is excellent.
4	As picky as I am I enjoyed being at this location. I don't think there are any room here. However there are a lot of younger people here due to the beer pong. I enjoy the Hawaiian food at the food court. It taste okay but for being on the strip it is cheap. I believe about $6 for a plate. Also my boyfriend won a bunch of money on the 3 card poker game. minus 1 star : this place needs better venting system for all the smoke.
4	Great little spot on the Strip. Cheap drinks. Beer pong tables in the back as well as fast food spots. Very conveinent after beer pong. Nice casual bar crowd & beer pong attracts younger crowd from everywhere. Live music. Some reviews are saying that it is closing down. Just when I find a great place for the common folk.
5	Sad to hear they closed today(4/30/2012). They had cheap, and good pizza and a fairly clean restroom. And the shadow dancers in there windows. They had an ok  Hawaiian food restaurant at the food court. O'Sheas you will be missed
5	I loved this place! No Vegas trip was complete without at least one visit to O'Sheas. Sure it was not as glamorous as the other mega resorts but the location was great, it was cheap and it felt like a never ending party.I am sad to see it go but then again Las Vegas is always reinventing itself. I guess it was inevitable.
5	Cheapest drinks on the Strip.  Guys playing beer pong at the foot court and LOUD 70's music, surly bartenders, but two martinis for $6 can't be beat!
3	Wow. Sad to hear of O'Sheas closing. A real dive but a heckuva lot of fun.I hope the Linq complex they plan to build here goes through to completion. Vegas has enough empty dirt lots and half-built projects already.
5	RIP. You will be missed
1	This place was terrible. We celebrated when they closed. They never had any of the advertised drink specials. They were always "out". Bartenders had attitudes. Patrons were over served college nerds and desperate girls. Good bye.
4	IT reopened TODAY Dec 27 2013
4	Located on the first floor of the newly renovated The Quad (formerly The Imperial Palace), O'Sheas Casino boasts of new gaming tables, daily beer pong and live entertainment (space just for the band, no dancing). The area is quite small (compared to the huge gambling spaces of nearby hotels) but is a definite improvement from the beat-up, old school gambling hall that was there before. The ambience is younger and more upbeat, but not crazy busy and crowded like other hotels on the strip. The four stars are more for the much needed upgrade that this hotel needed. Now let's see if they can keep up the momentum.
1	This place is merely a shadow of what it once was.  O'Sheas has become another strip rip off joint for tourists.  If you are looking for a cheap drink and a place to hang with the crowd this is no longer it.  The Quad merely built a small wing to house a few table games, 4 or 5 beer pong tables,and a place for a band to play.  The band stand is right on top of the beer pong tables...good luck with a conversation over there.The staff now is mostly under 30 (or look like it...I felt this si what an Irish bar in Disney would look like), all good looking, and tend to be on the hipster side of a look.  I asked the bartender if he know if if they had kept any of the old staff...he said only 1 person.Yes it's clean, yes it's smoke free, and yes it has an updated look....but in that fake Disney style you've come to expect in Las Vegas for "cool" hangouts.  Ordered a Long Island Iced Tea and it came out of a gun.  It was terrible...dark as all get out and not at all what it should taste like.  When handed back to the bartender he apologized and said he was not allowed to free pour on that.  He made me something else he could...with all this throwing the bottle around trickery.  Two Long Islands for a friend and I were 21.00...like I said for the strip that is typical but not what the old O'Sheas would have charged...guess someone's gotta pay for that "linq" construction.Locals beware this is no longer the hang out it used to be.  I am sure there will be tourists coming tell how cool and fun this place is now.  Now it's just another overly expensive bar with a band and a fake cool hipster attitude (with green mardi gras beads).Tow stars was being generous
4	If you want $5 blackjack, beer pong and live music...this is the place to go! Its great for getting the night started and did I mention, they had beer pong. I recommend girls vs boys.The band was pretty good and plays a variety of genres of covers from Lit to Prince to Robin Thicke to Michael to Johnny cash. Fun night!
3	Spent some good holiday weekends at the old O'sheas so had to check this out. It's small with three bars. One long bar against the back wall, quick bar when you walk in from the outside and a patio bar. Live music fun, beer pong fun, gaming tables well..... Why even bother when THE QUAD is right next to it. They should take out at least half of those add more beer pong, maybe BAGS and DARTS.  Also there's an LP in a shiny green suit walking around. Idon't know if he's employed by them but he was cool guy.
5	Though I never had the chance to visit the original, the new o'sheas offers a very appealing evening out. The service staff is completely interested in making the experience fun for the patrons. Beer pong and table games with live bands to boot. This place is a winner with me.
1	This is nothing like the old O'Shea's. The old O'Shea's was the party on the Strip. They had a bar when you walked in with a Leprechaun pouring shots straight from the bottle into people's mouths, they had a stage with live music next to the bar. They also had poker tables right as you walked in, they referred to it as "Strip Poker" because the poker tables were on the Strip. They had a ton of cheap table games, a few slot machines, a separate area for beer pong, a tattoo parlor and the oddest food court. It was basically a Frat House with a gaming licence. Now the New O'Shea's is easy. Imagine every Irish Pub in your neighborhood. Imagine that instead of tables they had a few black jack tables and a craps table. And instead of a couple of pool tables they had some beer pong tables. The old O'Shea's was small by Vegas standards, but it was designed to be a casino. This is retail or restaurant space used to make a bar with a handful of table games. This place is very lame!
2	If it's not broke don't fix it, I loved the old O'Sheas but the 2.0 version just didn't work for me, the old atmosphere just wasn't there, now part of the Linq but at least they kept the old sign.
3	There are legit beer pong tables!! What the what?! This is definitely a laid-back, chill, hang-out casino. Perfect for the relaxed vibe that's going on by this part of the Strip, as part of the new Linq area.
3	O'Sheas, O'Sheas, O'Sheas, I so much wanted to like you. It all looked so promising walking in from the Linq. I don't know what it is but something is missing. The OLD O'Sheas was cheesy with character. Food court in the back, dirty beer pong tables with pictures of cheap beer and people laughing and playing. O'sheas was a 24/7 party.The new O'Sheas, as you walk in has a longer bar on the right with Video Poker and a smaller bar on the left without. Not a single slot machine in the joint but plenty can be found right outside in the Quad. In the middle of O'Sheas sits several table games. On the side with the smaller bar is a small stage and 4 (I think 4) beer pong tables, somewhat oddly placed. We went twice and never seen anyone play beer pong. First visit we sat at the bar and played video poker. Our second visit, during the evening, a band was playing. The band sounded good, it wasn't terribly crowded and I would have loved to sit and gamble something, anything but the little they had was all taken....opportunity lost?  I will give it some time and let them work out their kinks. I'm sure they will tweak things and come back strong, I hope anyway. By ScottyVegas.com
4	I went to the new O'sheas this past Thursday night, and I had a really fun time. Great tunes were playing the entire night, and the cover band was great. Two bars, cheap drink options, beer pong - win! However, the old charm of the original location is completely gone. There are way fewer beer pong tables than before. It is much more upscale looking ( I know this isn't entirely a bad thing).
3	I was really excited that they re-opened O'Sheas. But, I was definitely in for a shock. Whoa. They really classed up this place.Gone is the divey wood paneled grungy place with the "food court" in the back, and enter the nice, clean, well-manicured new O'Sheas.While it still has cheaper drinks and beer pong, it's just not the same place as it used to be. There's really only one craps table, ($10 minimum during the day) the space itself is really very small. The bar is long - and they open the doors to the Linq outside - but it's just not O'Sheas. I miss the divey, almost independent feel of O'Sheas - where it didn't seem like it was just another corporate entity on the strip. I hate to say this, but it's just too nice now.... (This will probably be the only time I will complain about something being too nice.)
4	We first walked by this little bar area in the Quad on Sunday, but didn't have time to stop by. However we did on Monday and had a great time. It is located in this quiet little side street by the Flamingo. They had great beer and shot specials and very friendly bartenders who will give you great tips on where to go that's off the main grid. Shout out to Trey and our lovely Dallas girl for their incredible service and hospitality, we had an awesome time. Texas united!
5	I came here to catch some March Madness before a Yelp Elite event I was going to be attending next door. I was helped immediately upon walking up to the bar by a handsome bartender named Matt who greeted me with a huge smile and a awesome attitude. Best part was he recommended a delicious jameson cocktail that I of course don't recall the name of but he promised it would be delicious. Once he made the drink for me he even waited to make sure I liked it first. To me that doesn't happen enough now a days where a bartender actually knows how to earn their tips. Matt wasn't the only guy who was friendly behind the bar another hottie was back there named Shaun(Shawn) Im terrible with names but he was really friendly too and able to make me laugh which is always a win. I know they have casino games and beer pong and tons of people looked like they were having a great time. I can only review the experience I had at the bar and it was a good one!!! I look forward to coming back with some friends!
5	Hilary Jo at the bar was the best bartender  ever. Best drinks for the price. You can't go wrong.
2	The old O'Shea's was a destination for young gamblers.  Cheap table.  Cheap beer.  Beer pong.  Burger King.  Grungy and smokey.  You knew what you were going to get.  Now, they rebuilt it.  First of all, it ain't anywhere near the strip.  You have to walk pretty far down the Linq to find it.  Then, they made it a classy joint.  Nice wood bar.  But, because of it, no more cheap tables.  No slots at all.  No more Burger King.  In fact, they have a lot of nerve calling it O'Shea.  Look at the casino chips.  They are all labeled Quad.  Because it is part of the new Quad.  They did keep the beer pong tables.  I can't see it being the destination of the young cheap gamblers, but maybe some of the loyal ones will return.
4	Beer pong anyone? We were a little over dressed, as in the wife wearing Gucci heels, but that didn't stop the wife and me from kicking ass on the beer pong table! Young college kids didn't know what who they were messing with! :)Definitely a fun place for the more laid back crowd with plenty of TV's for watching sports.
3	i'm being generous with the updated 3 star. not too sure about it just yet. maybe next year when i come back for MM.finally open when we came by for March Madness '14. obviously after having spent many memorable (and some forgettable) moments at the original Oshea's, walking in here was a little weird. the place was clean, new, maintained and pretty bright... nothing like it used to be. i mean, yeah, the ubiquitous beer pong and flip cup tables were there. the frat dudes screaming and hi-fiving for every "blackjack" were there. hell, even the SAME leprechaun was there... but, it just didn't feel like Oshea's. the real Oshea's. the food court area with the BK. the bathroom with broken tiles in the men's room. the Strip Poker tables. the grungy, dingy, piss stinky parking lot where we used to leave the car at 6am when we rolled into town... well, i actually don't miss that part. in any case, maybe it's me. maybe my time for Oshea's has passed. we'll give it another chance for MM '15. i'll keep you updated.
4	Excellent service and the waitresses are very prompt and get you that drink right away! it was a fun time and won some money as well. Not 5 stars cause the place reaked of cigarettes.
2	I really miss the old O'Sheas. I was so sad when they tore it down, and then this time to vegas I was excited to see it had been updated! When we got in there I looked for the war table, and eventually asked a dealer about it. They said they no longer have that there, it also looked like the prices had increased on drinks and on table games. This is now next to another casino too, so it's confusing where one ends and the other begins. I really wasn't feeling it so we left without spending anything.
4	I miss the old O'sheas.. I think everyone does, but the new one is MUCH cleaner! My snooty friends don't frown when I want to go here to play cheap tables anymore. I have yet to really walk around (or maybe I have and I just don't remember) and see the place in great detail, but from the tidbits I can remember-it looks great and doesn't smell bad!Will let y'all know if they still have beerpong soon!
5	Staff was very friendly. Played beer pong with my husband. The crowd was very nice- everyone getting the runaway pong balls for everyone else. It was a mixed crowd too, which I was surprised by. People in their 20s to people in their 50s playing pong. Prices are decent too.
4	A nice place to check out in the wee hours of a Monday morning before I had to head home and back to work..... Let's say since stopping at O'sheas, I did not make it to work :-) Still beer pong here, great flair bartenders and good times as it should be.
5	My friends and I came here midday and it was pretty fun! I enjoyed playing black jack here. $5 minimums and the dealers are so friendly and helpful! I like the music they were playing as well and everyone is so upbeat and lively! They have beer pong too, which is awesome! I'd definitely come back again.
1	Well when they said O'Sheas was "coming back" It was expected it to be similar to what it used to be and what everyone was asking to have back.Wrong, wrong wrong!!!! Instead of the casual, beer pong laden place to hang with a food court ,bargain drinks,slot machines and table games we now get an overpriced dark nightclubbish room where you cant even hear yourself think!!Screaming my $10 order of  jack & coke to the bartender is not what Osheas used to be....Hell even PAYING $100 for a bar tab for a few drinks a piece is NOT what O'Sheas was.Its Dark, LOUD and definitely NOT O'Sheas so i can't believe they would slap that name on a place that is just like the rest now adays on the stripUgh!
4	great spot. A friend HIGHLY recommended this place so we gave it a whirl. My favorite part - beer pong. These tables are no joke. They're long. After a slight inebriation a beer pong game may last awhile. One may purchase a pitcher of beer good for 1.5 games of beer pong for 25 bucks. Then one may refill that pitcher for another 1.5 games for 20 bucks. So according to my calculations - that's about 15 bucks a round of beer pong. FYIThey provide ping pong balls and cups btw. Drinks are pricey here. We had come because we heard about the $3 Irish car bombs. Warning - that was the old osheas. They NO longer have $3 Irish car bombs. NuuuuuOverall had a great time. Lost a drunk friend. Lost an epic game of beer pong. But all is well. :)
1	Don't joke with the girls... there is a zero tolerance policy and you will get kicked out!!! Seriously,  the place is sad.
5	Perfect place to have fun while drinking the best priced drinks on the Strip. The atmosphere is always alive and the live music always gets the crowd going.
4	O'Sheas is a cool little casino and bar in The Quad. You can enter and exit from inside the hotel or from the Linq. It has been remodeled during the Linq project and is totally different from the old place.I stopped in for a drink and played a couple of hands of Black Jack. The dealer was very nice.
2	We were excited when we heard O'Shea's was coming back so we made a point to visit it new at the Linq.  Well, everything was all fine and dandy until we met this one bartender.  We visited in May and just recently in June.  In may we came in for some shots as a group and met this bartender that initially seemed great...bonded with the group...provided water...so far so good right?  Wrong.  When we get our bills we find that he overcharged us for our shots.  When we pointed it out he was like "Oh Crap, my bad, I'll have to call the manager to reverse this but it might take a while."  Then he asks us if we would rather just have another round of shots to make it even and forgo the hassle....okay fine we ordered another shot each.  Unfortunately when he gave us the shots it was not what we ordered, it was a cheaper shot and he said "Well these are better anyways"  Ummmm pretty sure you just charged us for a more expensive shot and gave us the cheapest one you have....We left feeling scammed.   Okay, so we try it again in June for my husbands birthday.  More shots.  Lo and Behold we get the SAME bartender and this time I wanted to see if he would do the same schpeal.  Sure enough when he brought my sister in law's change back he was like "oh! my bad I over charged you...too late now right"  at this point we were like um no she wants her change.  He then says okay well i'll have to call the manager and it could definitely be a while.  When I mentioned that we had been there a month before, suddenly, he comes back with her change saying that he "would just eat the difference"  Trying to make us feel bad ...hmmmmm....yes you will buddy cuz you are scamming people.   At this point we asked for a manager to let them know.  Not sure if some of the other bartenders were in on it or not.  The managers did listen to us and will hopefully fire this one bartender as he is scamming people.  They also offered us a couple free rounds of drinks each for our trouble.  Over all we MIGHT come back to O'sheas because the managers were nice and helpful but if we see that bartender again...NO WAY.
5	Really liked this place. Wasnt going to go in but only think opened on a weekenight @ 1 or 2 am. Bartenders were nice. Music was bumpin' Never went to an Irish pub before but this one was ok in my book.
5	I was visiting Vegas the first week in July and found this place. After remember seeing the name of the casino from Chevy Chases  Vegas vacation I stopped in. With the last name "Murphy" how could I go wrong. The people were great and I hit two Royal Straight Flush on the same day (4000 quarters). I was a little sad that the buzzer didn't ring and there was no commotion made when I hit, but with $2000 payoff I wasn't complaining too much. Definitely worth stopping in and checking out the scene.
4	New to the Linq which is new in itself to Vegas, O'Sheas is the ABSOLUTE GO-TO spot to drink on a budget, especially while at The Linq. The servers are always very nice and welcoming.They offer 12 oz Redd's Apple, Miller Lite, Coors Lite or Blue Moon for $3!!!!! C'mon?! This is a STEAL, ESPECIALLY for being located smack dab in the middle of The Linq, so come on down and feel free to get me a shot if you see me!Other than their drink specials they have a decent overall selection of craft brews too as well as the notorious beer pong. To be honest I have yet to go further than the outside bar that serves their passing by patrons. I enjoy chilling there and people watching the most.
3	This place is where all the hipsters come and hang out. There's beer pong, foos ball, live DJ, and a wide selection of beer. Found a new found beer, Grapefruit beer! I could've drank a dozen of those! They were so good. They defiantly had some strong specialty drinks on the menu though, so clear away from that. The pitcher of beer for the beer pong was $25! I think that is on the pricey side. But hey, that's the strip for you! But a cup of blue moon was about $8 which is pretty cheap. Kind of hit or miss with the prices. They were playing the good jams when I went. It was a variety of new hip songs and also some of the oldies that I can jam to. It's connected to the Quad, so you can actually walk into the casino and gamble if you'd like. They actually have a few slot machines inside O'Sheas. I played a little and wasn't very lucky. It's a ok size place, not big but it's not too small, but it gets really busy so there's almost no space to walk.Oh, when I went there this guy next to me at the bar threw up on the floor! Pretty nasty. I almost barfed from the smell. Thought the story would be a nice ending to my review.
4	TLDR: draft specials all day; 6 table games and minimal slot machines; no solid food; beer pong tournaments/concerts availableO'Sheas Casino is back! We went on a Saturday afternoon after a Sprinkles run and decided to look around. It was pretty calm. The music was at an appropriate volume, the ambience was relaxing if you allow it, and the ambient temperature was just right. We both ordered a Blue Moon 12 oz draft which was $3 all day. The bare hand contact with the fruit turns me off, but the customer service was mostly on point. We were greeted accordingly and felt valued as a customer. The bar taps were newer with a foam-decreasing apparatus. Hopefully they were clean. They host beer pong tournaments at 3pm daily. The tables were regulation sized and were plentiful. What's the prize? Unsure. Probably glory, but who cares about a prize anyway. Maybe it'll be free beer. :)
3	This place really reminded me of a local bar at home. Cheap prices for beer! There was beer pong setup and that was interesting to me. It gave me like a "good ol' college bar" vibe. Come around and have some drinks and hang with a few friends. We stayed here for a good hour or so before we continued our trek of the strip. It got packed but never too packed to where I had to wait forever for a drink. There was also plenty of sitting space since most people were on beer pong or gambling.
4	I've only been here once and that was on a Thursday while a 90's rock cover band was playing. The band was way beyond fun (I honestly would have still enjoyed myself while sober) and being able to play beer pong added to the excitement.
1	This is NOT the original O'Sheas at all! I loved the old O'shea's. It was a fun dive, where I loved to play slots, and live poker. It was just a cool place. This new O'Sheas is just like a local bar with very little gaming. I'm sooo dissapointed!!
5	Got a couple of cheap drinks here with some friends last Saturday for my 22nd birthday.  We played some beer pong and had a lot of fun!  I met a lot of cool people and everything was really chill.Towards the end of the night, we did get in a scuffle with some rando that grabbed me and tried to drag me away, but my best friend shoved him and the security guard Douglas was there in seconds.  He handled the situation like a pro and kicked the creeper out. Other than that, a great time - can't blame anyone for shitty people though.
4	Newly opened, we went in to check it out, drinks err good service was good they had live music, which I love and seating rt in front of the band. It's a smaller casino do you feel more like family when you are there. Great place to hang with friends
5	Outside Bartender Mike was all smiles that pulled us to his bar. Nuce guy full of Aloha anf fun to talk to.
5	I never understood my Las Vegas only has one osheas and not a bunch of copies.  It's fun, it's loud and has lots of drinks. The new osheas is much smaller, but still it has the fun vibe.  To me it's just a fun place to hang with friends.
5	I'm gonna have to give you a 5 stars O Shea's!  I love you!  I loved you when you were directly on the strip and I love you even more now that you have classed it up a little!  I've always been a fan of the casinos on the strip we might consider to be an "underdog" and O'Shea's is one!!  I've heard there is a Leprechaun that sometimes pours liquor directly into your mouth from the bar and I've also heard rumors of shootings by pimps to their hoes but, overall O'Sheas to me is just a quiet little hole casino where I like to roam and possibly feel comfortable enough to through down a few dollars in a gamble!  Love this place and am glad they didn't close for good!
4	I was in Vegas at the same time as some other friends and they told me to come over to O'Shea's for some blackjack on a Saturday afternoon. Having not stepped foot into this place in over 10 years, I felt as though I would probably be "a little old" and a little too "mature" for this scene. Allow me to say we had the most fun here out of anywhere I've been in Vegas in some time. It's like you're playing blackjack in a fraternity house basement, as drinking games are going on behind you, college football was on all over the place, and the dealers seem to be having just as much fun as the gamblers. It's not a big place, and I wouldn't want to stay for more than about four hours, but for what it is, they do a nice job.
5	I have to give it 5 stars.  I was at Brooklyn Bowl attending a concert that took a break for intermission.  I went across the way to this Casino to spend 25 mins during the break.  IN that 25 mins, i was blessed to win over $1800 playing roulette.  All my numbers seemed to come in.....................that earns O'Sheas a 5 star from this yelper
4	Place was nice and cool, my only complain is that their restroom is a little far back from the bar and hard to find.
4	Bartender Ryan was real nice..!Can't beat 24 oz. draft for $9.00 on the strip..!
3	Good things come in small packages and this casino is that... Easy to get in and out of with new furnishings... But I'll always remember the original!
5	I love the vibe here. Virgin at craps and did awesome! They had a live band. Nice bar and cool gambling area.
5	We stayed at the Linq because of the location but only if we would have known that we would find the most knowledgable bartender on the strip, Matt. We ended up here on a Thursday night and have visited him and Lynsie (yes I asked how to spell her name cause she was that great) ever since. They even recommended a great comedy club which we had the best time at, so much better then hours in casino. This is now the 4th day in a row we have been back to see Matt and Lynsie, you can't go wrong with this bar/casino, 5am is also a good time here. Great bar, good prices and the best bartenders on the Strip!
1	Usually the best place for a laid back night. Until, my buddy who wasn't even remotely intoxicated got thrown out by security because he couldn't find the personal info page in passport fast enough for security guard "bobby". He was rude, disrespectful and threatened our friends who speak broken English when they moved in closer to him  in order to hear and try to understand him better. NEVER COMING BACK THANKS TO THAT GUY.
