2	As far as fast food is concerned, Taco Bell isn't all that bad.  I usually get two of the chicken soft taco frescos - they're lower in calories, and not terribly bad for the 'ole diet.However... this location irks me for a number of reasons.  Allow me to recreate a few visits (all from the drive thru).  I only know the dates because I looked them up via online banking.Visit on 9/14/12:TB: "What's up?"Me: "Excuse me?"TB: "Aw yeah - whatchya' need?"Me: "I'd like two chicken soft taco frescos?"TB: "Cool.  Cool.  What else?"Visit on 10/2/12:TB: "Hey, how's it going?"Me: "Fine, thanks."TB: "What's new?"Me: "Um, can I place an order?"TB: "Sure you can."Visit on 10/10/12:TB: "What's up?"Me: "Can I place an order?"TB: "You bet."Never once have they greeted me with a, "Welcome to Taco Bell, may I take your order?"I'm not sure why they're trying to be so hip/laid back/cool - it's a Taco Bell ferchristsakes.  I'm not buying a Billabong shirt or a surfboard - I'm ordering a dollar-something taco from a drive thru at 7:00pm on a Tuesday.  Knock off the casual crap and just process our orders, 'ya dig?
4	Standard tacobell everything was warm and tasted like it should. Was quick also, and the soda had the mix right.
5	Amazing Tacos! Try the taco 12 pack and mix the Doritos Locos Tacos with the regular. My favorite is the Double Decker Taco! MMMM!
4	I normally just use the drive thru. I always have a good and fast experience (except if the person in front of us orders 40 tacos). Person taking orders seems to be always pleasant and gets the order correct.
1	The tables were dirty, and the food was cold. The shredded Chicken quesadilla was wet and cold.... The cheese wasn't melted. The Fritos beef burrito was the only redeeming part of the meal. My burrito Supreme was cold as well. I keep going back partly because this seems to be the only place with the diet Baja mountain dew drink. Anyway, I will probably go back again because I'm a sucker... I will just have to refuse cold food with shredded cheese that's not even melted.
1	Do not ever order in the restaurant. My kid had to use the restroom, so we ordered to go. Stood there for over 15 minutes waiting for our order, watching over 10 vehicles go thru the drive thru and get their order. Just shameful. Corporate must have some crazy time monitoring of their drive thru service, but if you choose to order inside you will just wait and wait and wait. Most of the time we waited it was this awkward staring at the two guys working the counter and wondering what the hell was taking so long.
