3	With the crazy hot AZ weather lately, we've been using our pool quite often, but without any floats or games to play in the water, it gets a bit boring.  So, we made a spontaneous stop at this location of Leslie's to pick up a raft.We found a raft we liked and we would've actually purchased two of them, but they only had one in stock.  Marvin, the sole employee working while we were there, seemed extremely knowledgeable, so Jared asked him some questions about keeping the pool clean, etc... We learned that you can bring in water from your pool to Leslie's and they will test it to see what chemicals it needs.  So, Jared may attempt this in hopes of saving us some $$ in the future by doing the maintenance himself.  Regardless if Jared actually does this or not, Leslie's seems like a convenient place to go for any of your pool needs, and I'm sure we'll be back... even if it's just to get a second raft for our pool!
5	I love Leslie's.  More often than not, I leave without spending a dime.   I bring in my water to be tested for free and the friendly staff tells me exactly how to keep my pool clean and safe.  I bought my automatic vac here last year (cheaper than Amazon) and whenever something happens (it sucks up a rock, etc) I can bring it in for a free fix.  Nothing better than knowledgable, friendly, reliable service and a good value!  Only downside is that they keep their stores staffed at a minimum so the wait can be long sometimes.  Call ahead to see if they are busy and go in mid-week if you can.
5	Recently the filter on my pool bit the dust.  When shopping the project, I included this Leslie's location in the bidding process at the recommendation of my weekly pool servicer Tri-City Pool Service.  Leslie's came through with the lowest bid and I awarded them the business.I was highly impressed with the service provided.  Debbie helped coordinate everything and was able to get a technician out to replace the filter within 48 hours.  Luis, the technician, was very professional and did a good job of explaining to me how to use a DE filter.  The filter change did the trick as overnight my pool went from looking like a swamp to crystal clear.Overall I've been thoroughly satisfied with this Leslie's location and would certainly recommend them.
1	I really tried. I've been here multiple times over the past 4 years of living in the neighborhood. But, yet again, customer service has driven me away. A few years ago, the manager steered me in the wrong direction which led to my purchase of $100 of chemicals that went down the drain, and then admitted his wrong doing in the subsequent visit after I confronted him, but only after I confronted him. He made it right by providing more chemicals on the house after some reluctance...This was 2 years ago.On a more recent visit, I encountered a young lady. She was very nice, chatting with the people in front of me for 15 minutes while I waited in line to have my water tested. She did not acknowledge my presence and continued to chit chat with them. Granted, I was the only other person in the store, so I brushed it off. She then proceeded to have an attitude with me like I had done something wrong. Today, this young lady was working again, and again, was helping another customer..perfectly happy go lucky. When it became my turn to check out, I requested a price match to leslies.com for some shock as it was a few bucks cheaper. She then proceeded to tell me the SKU was different and that she could not. Now I understand this is a corporate policy, but it's the same exact product. And I wasn't asking for a 50% discount, it was $3. Seriously? At that point, she picked up an attitude with me. Same type of attitude she had the previous time. As a customer, I felt disrespected with her general attitude and lack of understanding. I could care less about the $3. I will not be returning to this Leslie's. I'll take my money to another Leslies or to NPS.
