5	Under new ownership! Great service and prices!
5	The best nail salon in town! I've been to many nail salons and this place is very personable and has great service! Connie, the owner, always takes such good care of my mom and I.
5	Great attention to detail and a great manicure! Staff if super friendly and nice. Got a gel manicure that was awesome for $30, would definitely recommend for a good finished product!
2	I tried this spot for a pedicure and a full set of pink and white acrylics last weekend.  The pedicure got the two stars.  The full set was lackluster.  I kept hoping I was overreacting to the look of the nail but I've had these on for three days now and I'm completely underwhelmed.Although the salon itself was nice, the quality of the acrylics are just not up to par.  I got a pink and white set because they generally look more natural, but not in this case.  The white is way to wide, and I specified that I did not want that.  The pink is almost a hot pink color acrylic, which I also specified I did not want.  I know I am overly fussy with my nails but I feel like if I'm paying for it, I should get what I want.In addition, I like my nails thin and these are varying in thickness.  They are also already lifting up from the base.I would probably go back for a pedicure but not again for a fill or full set.  My roommate got a gel mani and she was happy with it, but I doubt I will try them again.
3	I first went to this nail salon April 2013. I have taken many friends in with me and each one has been pleased. They keep all the nail tools sterilized. The facility itself could be cleaned on a regular basis. (Why my rating went from 5 to 3)All the technicians are very friendly. The pedicures are awesome and relaxing. The color selections of gel are huge! Gorgeous selections!!!
4	This is a pretty good strip mall nail spot. It's kinda hidden off to the side of the Target shopping center. It's open later most days than other area nail salons. And they appear to be less crowded too. The staff are all very nice. The tech I had did a great job on my gel manicure. The pedicure itself was great, but the polish job was just so-so. What I particularly liked here was the no rush state of mind. My pampering here lasted way longer than it has at some upscale spas around town. Overall, I'll be back.
5	Best nail salon I've found in a long time. Very detailed and gels last forever. Best pedicures. New chairs and great staff!
4	This place was a little hard to find, it's on the side strip with Target.  Clean and neutral color decor, nothing fancy but comfortable chairs. I love the pedicure I received from Olivia. She was very attentive and worked on my problem spots. The staff works together on nail designs. Lots of colors, both reg and gel polishes to choose from. My pedicure took a little over an hour but I left with silky smooth feet and perfectly painted toes.  Only downfall is they are never well staffed. Sometimes there's only 3 people working and they are already booked. Walk ins are hard to accommodate.
5	One of the best experiences I've had a nail salon. Connie is the girl to see! She was so awesome. I had just taken off all my acrylics and was looking for a gel manicure. I debated between acrylic with gel polish or manicure and she encouraged me to get the manicure, even though it cost less? Because she wanted me to be happy. They have great policies, like if your nail breaks within 5 days, they replace it for free. And after 4 visits they take $10 off. In general, they were friendly and nice. I didn't feel like I was being talked about negatively at all. I'm so happy to find this place. Give them a try!
1	I was in Vegas visiting a friend and needed nails done so we decided to visit this place based on distance. The service was "interesting" to say the least. I had 4 people work on  me and not communicate when they had to move to another client/s. I got gel nails done on a Thursday and index finger on left hand peeled right off today!!! Would not go back :(
4	Love how affordable this place is. Friendly environment. Good customer service. The only downside is that they may be a bit rough on your nails if you're getting a full set done, which is why I'm only giving a four star rating. But overall, this place is great!
