4	This place is adorable in a grandma sort of way! It is way the heck out there though on Power and McKellips... I went here yesterday for a bridal shower. Its a tea house and gift shop. The dinning room area for the tea is super cute, old antique tables and chairs, and fine china. The hostess came out and explained to us the proper way to drink your tea...as it turns out I have zero tea etiquette The food comes out in courses. First was a mixed fruit bowl. Second was a spinach and sausage keish, then a tower of assorted tea sandwiches and butterscotch scones. All was very tasty. If I ever find myself needing a fancy tea party fix, I would go back here again.
1	I am sorry to say, but I went here hoping for REAL english tea house, it truely is not. Inside is nice, decor, and the cups and plates are kind of fancy, got me really excited. Waitress was really nice, but she kind of roughly places the tea and dishes which realllly take away from experience. Food.. I had one of the crepe course, my mother had the most expensive one, my chicken crepe was pretty good, but rest was.....lets just say, it was my fault for expecting a real tea house in AZ. their pastires tasted and looked like samples from fry's groceory stores, they try with their sandwich and stuff, but really it looked so crappy and tasted like regular teenage-made sandwich, nothing as fancy as their menu make it sound. For the price they charge, i think they have to try little bit harder... but i think they do good with older customers who lived in az all their life, but can't fool ppl that actually traveled across the country =/
5	My mom and I went for tea and a late lunch today and once we finally found the place (it is in a Home Depot shopping center), we had a wonderful time. There is a boutique and a restaurant at the location. The restaurant portion is beautifully decorated. The tables are gorgeous, heavy wood and the chairs are luxurious and upholstered. The tea sets on each table are dainty and unique. The place wasn't too froufrou like some other tea houses we have visited. There was even a guy having a late lunch with his girlfriend. My mother and I both got the Mariann Luncheon Tea which came with a scone with sweet cream and lemon curd, tea sandwiches, fresh fruit, quiche, and sorbet. One of the tea sandwiches came on raisin bread and was simply amazing! I have no idea what the topping was, but it was delicious. For the tea, my mom picked the Hot Cinnamon Spice and I picked the Paris which was the special of the day. If you like cinnamon, try that tea because HOLY CRAP, it will clear out your sinuses. My mom loved the tea, though! I could have drank the Paris tea for DAYS... it was seriously delicious! The service was excellent! There was a table of women that tried their hardest to make a scene when the restaurant wouldn't split their bill four ways after they were done eating. The manager got involved and I have to her major credit for keeping her cool as these rude ladies threatened to walk without paying their bill because they couldn't get their way. Our waitress apologized for the drama, but we laughed it off because it was amusing to observe grown women act like children when they didn't get their way. Quick Tip: Ms. Thomas Tea House will not split checks so plan ahead. Haha!
1	So happy this place went out of business. As a former employee I can tell you the food was cheaply prepared; canned soups, store bought pastries and quiche would be served after sitting in the fridge 5-6 days. The markup on food was probably in the range of 500-600% which is high even for the restaurant business. The owner was a megalomaniac and was very abusive to her employees which explains the high turnover and if you quit or were fired she refused to give us our final paychecks. I guess it is true that karma is a you know what and I am glad she finally got what she deserved and lost her business after moving to a new location and sinking a ton of money into it. If she ever opens a new business hopefully she will learn to treat her staff with the common decency all humans deserve.
