4	Took my Chihuahua to Kosmo's for a wash and nail clip. Very nice groomers and pleasent staff. Dog came back nice and clean, they even gave her a holiday scarf! I really liked the service but for $40 to wash my 9lb chihuahua i'll keep to the big box stores. I guess good service comes at a price though..
5	This grooming place is AWESOME !!  I have had my share of terrible places and just OK places..but Kosmos doghouse is GREAT!  My Akita left looking absolutely terrific.  The shop has great service and such a good welcoming feeling.  They took great care of my dog and I will be back! It is worth the price for great people that do a great job.
5	Reviewing solely for the self-serve dog wash, which might be the best in town ---Very easy for the dogs to get in and out, lots of room for a person to stand on both sides of the tub (which is great if there is two of you), no upgrades if you want different shampoos, etc. Very helpful staff. And here's the kicker (and an INSANE deal). if you buy a bag of food or case of canned, the self wash is free. That's a $17 coupon, friends.They carry high end foods. Yes, I"m looking at you PURINA feeders.We will be de-smelling our golden retriever at Kosmo's from here on out.
5	I love this place. I brought my puppy here for her first haircut and she was well taken care of. You get  a great vibe when you walk into the store and all the staff has been very welcoming and friendly.  Its pricey, but I believe in you get what you pay for.
5	Today I took my parents cat to get groomed. Since it is summer he got a lion's cut, and they did an AWESOME job. They were super friendly when I went in and the cat looked great. The store was very clean and they even had a gate at the door so that the animals will not accidently get out. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for great service!
5	We recently moved into the area.  I just walked in to Kosmo's interested in finding good training treats for our 10 week old Standard Poodles - new to our family as of two days ago.WOW. I not only received excellent feedback on food and treats, but also was given outstanding information on dog training, veterinarians, and dog sitting in the area.  All based on information I shared that they felt complimented my specific needs and with no connection/benefit to them.After speaking with one of the owners and one of the employees, I have no doubt that I will use their grooming services and will purchasing my products from them.I would also be remiss if I didn't mention that Anton at Lorenzo's Dog Training (highly recommended by an employee at Kosmo's) followed up with me within minutes of my emailing him to schedule an evaluation of my pups this week and to provide me with specific feedback for training.  Again, Lorenzo's is not affiliated with Kosmo's but it is always helpful to get a referral from a complimentary business in the space.I am looking forward to getting off to a great start with my pups and really appreciate the people at Kosmo's for their assistance.  I did not tell them I would be posting here, so hopefully it makes them smile when they read it and draws in a little business as well.
5	Amanda did a great job as my precious puppy looked beautiful - - i would highly recommend Kosmos.
2	I happened upon Kosmos while shopping at AJ's next door.  They were very gracious to take my dog in without an appointment.  I asked that her hair not be trimmed too short.Unfortunately, when I returned to pick her up, she was cut down to about 1/2."   Additionally, her bottom and stomach were shaved to the skin and she was cowering and shaking when I picked her up.  The grooming was not complete, as the "gook" below her eyes was not washed away, and for this grooming on a small 10lb dog cost me $57.00.  Outrageous.It gets worse.  My dog cowered in the car going home and immediately started scooting on the carpet when we got home.  She is still cowering, her bottom is raw, and she is afraid to go outside for fear of the cold...even with a jacket on to warm her up.  My happy, bouncy puppy is now hiding in my bedroom.  What did they do to my dog?I will not return to Kosmos!  Very, very disappointing.
4	I have a mid-size english goldendoodle, who was due for a grooming.  I found Kosmo's Doghouse on Yelp and booked an appointment.  I ended up needing to reschedule a few times and felt really bad about it.  The Manager, Ben Irvine who helped me with the scheduling both via phone and via email was great.  He was so patient and just so nice.  I think Kosmo's Doghouse is great in communicating because you can schedule on-line or by phone and the Manager deals directly with you.  You get a confirmation email the day before the appointment providing directions and a spot where you can "manage" your appointment.  I scheduled with Cathy because I had read she was great with curly dogs.  My goldendoodle is curly and when I met with Cathy just before she took him in the back I explained how I had decided for the 1st time to start going longer between groomings to appreciate his beautiful curls but that it was very important to me to keep the groomings regular for sanitary / hygiene  reasons, trim hair in the sensitive areas and so on....  When I picked him up, she had used a blower on him so instead of me seeing his beautiful curls that I said were so important, he looked like a fluffy cotton ball.  I'm waiting for his curls to return.  It doesn't seem like she took enough off and I had to trim a few stray long fur areas that she had missed.  I would definitely go back to Kosmo's because of Ben, the Manager and Brittany who checked us was great too but would not recommend Cathy and also would check ahead of time how long it would take.  I don't like the idea of dropping my dog off and not getting the call that he is ready for 5 hours (what's he been doing the whole time)????
4	I have to edit/revise my 2/6/13 review.  Turns out the night of Mason (my goldendoodle's grooming), he started acting really strange.  Sitting, afraid to stand, rubbing his butt on the carpet trying to lick back there.  First I thought maybe the shampoo bothered him but the next day he was worse.  I checked him over and found that the Groomer, Cathy had literally taken a razor to the underside of his tail and also ran it across his butt (the sensitive area where business is done, if you know what I mean).  The whole area was raw, red and bumpy.  I was beside myself with anger at the Groomer for doing this.  This should be done to no dog.  I was also so frustrated that there was nothing I could do to make him feel better.  I felt helpless and he felt either pain or itch or a combination of the two.  I was hopeful he would get better quickly but 3+ days after the grooming, he was still the same.  I had been speaking with the Owner/Manager, Ben Irvine and can say, I have never been treated with such respect, kindness, and sincere compassion for my anguish and for Mason's discomfort.  Ben offered me the world to make things better, whether it be a salve, a free grooming, a free bath, for the other Groomer, his Lead Groomer, Amanda to take a look, see if she could do anything to make him better but I thought it would be too traumatic to take him back there.  Ben ended up suggesting I take him to a Vet especially since it was Friday and he didn't want us to go through the weekend like that.  He suggested a Vet he frequently refers people/pets to and they were fantastic.  Very receptive to my issue, got me in immediately and treated the problem perfectly.  I couldn't have asked for more.  Ben generously took responsibility for the Vet bill (which those of you pet owners know, is never small).  I gave 4 stars due to Cathy the Groomer, who got us into this situation, but I would still without a doubt recommend Kosmos and I cannot say how fantastically Ben handled this situation.  I only wish I could be as good in my own business as he is in his.  Ben did tell me by the way, he takes these issues quite seriously and would deal with this issue and I truly believe he will.
5	I took my pug in just for a quick "facial" and to see how the groomers operates because I initally was going to Petco but they would never cut my dog's nails because he "would pee" (NOT a good reason!). So, after by groomed by Debbie and seeing how she interacted with my dog, I was sooo happy. Now I go to her every few months or so and my dog LOVES her to death. She spoils him and is able to handle his high maintenence qualities. Not only that, I was late to pick up my dog (my fault) and held the employees afterhours. They not only greeted me nicely but gave me some dog samples to take home. What great customer service!! I love Kosmo's and so does my dog! I will never take him anywhere else. I highly recommend Debbie, she is super sweet and great with dogs. You can truly tell she loves her job.
5	We lived in an apartment complex right next to Kosmos when we first moved here.  We used them for 2 years and now we bought a house in North Phoenix and still make the drive out to Scottsdale just to get our dogs groomed here.  The staff and owner are great.  Most importantly the quality of the grooming is great and our dogs look so nice and leave happy every time.Only complaint now is they get booked up on the weekends so fast, so call ahead or use their online booking feature on the website.
5	Let me start by explaining the sad, uninformed journey we've been on.  We started mainstream, at a big well known groomer because we knew no better. I'm all for supporting local but I just couldn't seem to FIND a local groomer in my budget.  Pay attention to what your pooch "says". Everytime I'd pick him up from "mainstream groomer" he would literally talk to me. As in whine-yelp-bark-whine. I don't speak dog so I thought he was just excited to see me. He'd get home, immediately go to bed in his crate...as if he were depressed.  Fast forward to the time i brought him home from mainstream groomer with all of his teats shaved off. OMG! I was LIVID. So my outrageously smart teen daughter found Kosmos...and it was $10 less! From the first visit ever I was impressed. My dog was HAPPY when I picked him up, no more "talking". When we got home he wanted to play! No depression, we'd found the cure! Kosmo's!! They are honest about the extra brush charge, my dog can get mats easily as he's curly. Sometimes they charge it, sometimes they don't (mainstream always charged it) - but it's reasonable. His groomer is Amanda & I've stuck with her because one, he seems to be HAPPY to see her and two, she does an outstanding job. A Goldendoodle is a mixed breed, so it can throw groomers on how to trim, but it doesn't throw her, she does a great job everytime. It's clean, the employees are kind and gracious, the store has a lot of things you'd never even thought of buying for your dog but the experience is so good you want to. They are careful about the products they carry too, it's nice to know they are well informed when I am not. I cannot say enough great things about this place, they have won my loyalty.
5	My gorgeous golden retrievers leave happy and beautiful every time.  I love Kosmos.  When sitting around a dinner table one night with friends, we were listing off the things we love about Scottsdale; things we would miss if we had to move and I actually listed Kosmos as one of my things- clearly, I'm someone whose life revolves around my pets a bit- but still, just goes to show how much I love this place.
5	So my friend from school told me about this place. Pretty amazing groomers. Ask for Rachel. She is so awesome. The price is better than any Pet Smart and your animal will not shriek in terror while there. They have Groupon discounts if you are on a budget. They also have self-service washing. Pretty neat. Also, so many foods, treats, goodies, toys, harnesses, etc for your pet that you will be amazed. I have never seen my dog's hair cut so well and she was absolutely in love with Rachel. The best price with the best service I have ever bought for my pet. Love it and highly recommend anyone to bring their pet here.
2	I hesitatted about writing a negative review, but after reading one that sounds like my experience I thought it best to.  I had gone three times prior, one to do a self serve and two for the "professional cut/groom." I specifically wanted a "neaten" to leave the long hair in place and clean around the backside but leave the pretty long hair cut.  NOT WHAT I GOT. The groomer did  a total shave it all off leaving non of the long pomerainian fluff!.  When I went in to pick up the dog the groomer couldn't greet me "she was too busy" hmm.  I was disappointed to say the least - Now after seeing that they do Groupon, which I did not have, I understand the rush job.  I will not be coming back.  I left a generous tip, even though the more I thought about what I got, the sorrier I was that I did leave a tip.  The front desk was not genuinely apologetic when I told them this was not what I asked for.  I am guessing that if this type of behavior continues, the business will not.C. MannScottsdale
5	I LOVE Kosmo's!! Not only is the staff some of the nicest and friendliest people, but they are super helpful. I have a Great Dane who does NOT like baths or getting his nails trimmed. When I come to use their tubs, there is always someone willing to help me get the giant baby into the one. One time the girl even crawled in and coaxed him up with treats. As far as the nail trimmings, this is one of the few places where Brody doesn't fuss too much and they let me bring him back and hold him while they do it. Also, before I went to feeding my big guy raw -- I was buying giant bags of food twice a month. The staff always brought it to my car for me without me even having to ask. (I'm not feeble at all, but trying to carry a 30lb bag and maneuver a Dane is NOT easy.)The owners and staff are super generous too. I volunteer for a rescue and when I approached them about a possible in-kind donation, not only were they happy to give -- but they exceeded my expectations. Such generous souls. I tell all my friends to go!
5	The very best dog wash.   It has self serve with everything you need. Just walk in with your dog. They give clean towels, all the good smelling stuff for shampoos and all rinses.  Nothing but the best. My dog, who hates a normal groomer, loves even their groomer. The dog food selection is great and very smart. Not that bad dog food. Really a wide choice of excellent brands with great protein,,,,all varieties. They help carry the bags to your car too.  Just the friendliest place. Been going there for years.
4	Kosmos is great. My groomer for my mini schnauzer does an amazing job, best I have found. She keeps excellent notes and really knows her breed cuts. I also use Kosmos self wash, they have very nice raised tubs with everything you need.  High marks all around.
5	Came to this little gem on a groupon.  After the last dogwash in my bathtub with my doberman, I vowed to never wash him in my home again.  Kosmo's offers a huge bathing area and they provide organic natural shampoos and conditioner for you to use on your pup.  the staff is super friendly and was more than welcoming and showed us how to use everything.  I had never been to a self wash dog groomer anywhere but I think I have found my go to place.  I also was told that if you buy your dog food from them monthly, then you can use their dog washing space free of charge as well, which is a great value, as they also strive to have the lowest dog food prices in the area.
5	As long as we live in Scottsdale our Zsa Zsa will only be going to Kosmos to be groomed!!! The entire staff is so sweet but I was extremely impressed by Emma, one of the groomers. I get a little worried when having our very old chihuahua groomed because her fragile little old dog body and medical issues. Emma got her in and out quickly with out stressing her out with any dryers or wait time, I think any owner of an elderly dog can really appreciate this. Zsa Zsa is so soft and silky and her nails are trimmed perfectly. Thank you Kosmos for taking such good care of our Zsa Zsa!!! She looks gorgeous :)
5	Did a great job on making sure the dogs were groomed exactly as requested. The ears were as short as we asked. When i came to get them, the dogs, couldn't be more relaxed. It was a $100 for two small dogs, but totally worth it. I would highly recommend this groomer (AND they gave a whole bag of sample treats!)
1	called to inquire on pricing for wash and brush only for my pet, quoted $17.00, made a appointment to have this done and no one said at the time i made this appointment that the cost would be more if one of the groomers did the job. When i came in to pick my dog up they told me it would be $70.00. I was taken back because no one told it would cost that much if they did the work. Asked how it went from $17.00 to $70.00, they told me that the cheaper price was if I did the self wash, someone should have said that the cost would be more if they did the work. To pay $70.00 for a wash and brush is crazy because to have my dog groomed is only $85.00. They said they were sorry for the error and offered me a big discount of $10.00. If you misquote your price for service you eat the difference, because of your mistake. Will never be back, there lack of customer service is the worst I have ever seen. Cannot tell you the type of work they do, but I can tell you that they have no interest in keeping customers happy and wanting they to come back. This a small business with employees with no concept of how to run a business. Will spread the word.
2	Updated Review:  This place has gone downhill.  In the 3 months from when we started going here, the staff isn't as friendly, the facilities are run down, hooks torn off walls, you have to ask for aprons, dyers are not properly mounted.  I'm not sure what happened.  Even the shampoos seem different.  Last time we went, we got the regular; oatmeal shampoo..  It left my doberman flakey and very itchy.  Regrettably, I dont plan on returning to Kosmo's which is very sad because I had higher hopes.
5	First time going to a self-serve dog wash. I thought the people there were friendly and polite. The shampoo and conditioner were nice and they provided clean, fresh towels. I thought it was a pretty good deal!
2	This may be called Kosmo's Doghouse but it's no longer Kat's....and it sadly shows.  I used to depend on the reliable folks running the store to inform me of the food I've purchased and to keep it current but no longer. They don't even carry the brand I've been buying for my current pet. When I inquired as to what I'd bought prior to that, they told me the name of a brand purchased for my last dog from about 3 years ago. I informed them they haven't carried that particular product since then. I had the forethought to call today to see if they were still honoring the free bath with dog food purchases but was told, no - they're under new management. No offer to come on in and get a bath this time and meet the new owners before we change the policy for you since you've been a good customer and this is a new policy. Just seems like an ineffective way to maintain prior customers and introduce themselves while changing over to new policies. I'm all for new businesses succeeding but....seems like off to a "ruff" start.....I will likely be barking up a different tree.
