4	I am so happy to see another coffee shop in downtown mesa! I popped inside for an Americano, and it was very good. Very smooth and not bitter. The 12oz had two shots of espresso and was around $2.45 including tax.  They had several baked items for sale too, which I was told were homemade.  I'll be back!!
5	Cute coffee shop! Come see this little gem, micro roasters and creative coffee assemblies. Pool table and bar top seating. Try the dirty chai! Highly recommend it! There are sweet and salty little toffee bits at the bottom! Yummy over ice! It would be a cool spot for local art or open mic's.
4	I came to Mesa from Los Angeles to work the Spark Music and Arts Festival. Admittedly so, I am a bit of a coffee snob, as I was a barista for 2 years. The Lost Dutchman was right across the street from the Mesa Art Center so I figured "might as well, anything is better than starbucks." This place thoroughly impressed me. From the Esspresso machine and the time they put into making a proper drink i could tell they cared about providing a quality Product, and at a reasonable price. Definitely try the tomato bacon spinach panini. Iced americano was delicious as well. Overall great place!The fact they do not use soy products is great, I would like to see them try to use more organic, less Artificially sweet  flavoring to add to the flavor of their coffee versus taking away from the rich tones of a good bean and brew. Less is more!
5	I am very pleased with this new spot! I've been a few times, the service is consistent: friendly and quick. It doesn't hurt that the prices aren't bad either. The cold press is amazing, I have made this my new go-to during the week. Haven't tried the food yet, but always looks delicious. I've seen a couple businesses come in and out of that shop since I've worked downtown but I have high hopes for this place & definitely recommend trying it.
5	A perfect little spot to teach my 5th old to read.  When mommy and daughter have a Yummie drink in hand, and a snack, we are all smiles.  I'm quite pleased I could get my perfect drink so close to home.
5	Stopped by there this morning and got an iced caramel macchiato with almond milk.  I also got a chocolate covered coffee been with my coffee too for free.  Prices are great and pastry prices can't be beat.  Got a cranberry orange scone and it tasted pretty fresh.  Excellent coffee and very nice interior/atmosphere.  Surprised it wasn't much more packed.  Server was very friendly and professional. I live nearby and work from home frequently so can see myself coming here often.  Hope business picks up more so they stick around; that building has seen many tenants.
5	The barista was very friendly and had great suggestions on what to eat & drink (it was my first time going so I wanted inside info).  I met wonderful people while there, performers who invited me to the Mesa Center for the Arts for a show that night.  Great location, great experience!  Oh, and the Yelp listing said dogs were allowed, so I brought my fur-baby and she was a huge hit!  Extra bonus points for that.  B-)
5	This is a cool place to sit and enjoy a cup of coffee.  They roast and sell their own coffee so it does not get any fresher than this.The place is cool with a great combination of A/C and ceiling fans that makes you feel more "outside" in a good way!The coffee was great and there is even a pool table (needs a coin though).
1	NOT WHEELCHAIR FRIENDLY!!!  Casual looking place and smells great.  NO low tables unless you want to sit outside and bake.  Terrible over sight on the part of the owners.
5	I had the absolute best Triple, almond milk latte I've ever had!  I can't stop reacting after every sip!  The espresso is so rich and earthy!  I work close so I'll be back soon!  If your in downtown Mesa, it's a must stop!
1	Quite a frustrating experience. I ordered three different lattes and it took 30 minutes for the young man to make two. There was another young girl there standing around seeming absolutely clueless. The whole shop was full of frustrated customers I finally asked them to refund the third coffee so I could get out of there. Even though I work just down the block I will find another coffee house to go to. Thankfully there are other choices of coffee houses in the area so I will not have to go through this frustration again.
1	I was at the auto shop near by and was looking up and down Main St for breakfast at 9am on Saturday. There was nothing! I found Dutchman and their red Open sign. The hours on their door said 8am. They were not open at 9am. There was a tiny handwritten note saying "open at 11". For a coffee/bakery joint, 11am is pretty ridiculous.
5	First time being there. Jay was very friendly and made some really awesome Chi Tea. Will defiantly come back!
4	A cool place for hot coffee just off Main in down town Mesa. Great service by knowledgable employees serving great coffee and expresso. I like the warm feel of wood floors and tables. The pastry case contained a nice selection, including a very tasty quiche. The coffee is roasted locally by Lost Dutchman Coffee, so you can sample new coffees and buy a pound in a very well constructed stay fresh bag. The music is not obtrusive and they have a pool table, suggesting people should socialize rather than bury themselves in electronic devices, but there is WiFi.
4	This is a nice little coffe stop. It has character inside like a pool table and pool sticks. A few tables had games like checkers on them.A variety of different seating options including a couch. Tables and wooden chairs.They offer a food menu. I didnt order from that, although their blueberry muffin was tasty.I ordered an appagato. Hella yummy with espresso and ice cream. I had never had one of these. And can now say that I am a fan.The service was friendly but kinda slow. There was only one person working. So she was taking and making all the orders. Pricing is about the same as any other java joint. A neat thing that they sell is green coffee beans for people who roast their own beans at home.
5	The bacon tomato and spinach sandwhich on rye is sooooo good! Yummy
2	The service was friendly enough but honestly the coffee tasted so watered down I thought it might have been a mistake. There was no rich, roasted flavors there and it was not fresh. I ordered a house coffee and a caramel macchiato iced coffee. The iced coffee wasn't any better sadly, it actually tasted like dirt! The iced coffee was not cold as well, with a few ice cubes floating on the top watering it down even more. I also ordered ice cream but it was just pretty standard ice cream in a tub, nothing special. The place looked cozy enough, but I won't be returning. I threw the coffee away after a few sips, it was that bad.
4	Breakfast sandwich on ciabatta was fresh and delicious. I made the right decision to check out this cute place. Also ordered a macchiatto which was just right. Barrista was cheerful and knowledgeable. If I am in Mesa again, I will be back!
5	Nice small coffee shop in Mesa, AZ.Pleasant atmosphere and friendly service.  Good coffee, ice cream, and a pool table.  The blues on the radio added a nice cherry on top of the visit.  Tried the "gold rush" (cold). Creamy but needed a little bit more sweetener.  All in all, I think they have a nice shop here.  I would definitely come here again.
4	Right in Downtown Mesa with plenty of free parking. I got a hot mocha and a freshly baked cinnamon roll. The cinnamon roll was brought right away to my table warmed up with melted frosting. It was delicious. Unfortunately, after waiting for about 5-10 minutes, I had to remind the barista about my drink. There was a bit of communication breakdown between the two girls behind the counter. However, when I did get my drink (it was made right away after I asked), it was very good. Both large cinnamon roll and a medium mocha were together just over $8. The specials/seasonal drinks were in a weird place - on the front of the counter where you pick up your drinks and on a board on the floor when you walk in, so look for those before ordering - I didn't see them until I had already ordered and sat down and was a little bummed. Look for the creepy mannequin outside when you're coming from the north.
1	not open on weekends which is the only time the majority of tourists and shoppers are in downtown Mesa. Lo-Fi coffee is though so I'll go there instead.
5	Nice little coffee shop in the heart of downtown Mesa. Baristas are very friendly which means a lot to me because for some reason I've met a lot of snobby baristas in my travels. Try the gold rush latte ( think that's the name)! It's made with condensed milk, vanilla and espresso. It was absolutely perfect and delicious! All in all this place will do well with their great customer service, ambiance and drinks/food.
