5	I've been a dealer for more than two years, standing 8 hours a day make my foot hurt badly recently. Because of that, I was searching a good place to relax my foot. One day my friend gave me a business card from "JACKPOT Foot Massage" and told me to try it. Here we go!!The parking is convient, you can easily find a parking space. When I walk in to the palce, it is decorated as traditional chinese garden with modern equipments. Awesome!!i opt 45 mins massage (only cost me $28, cheaper than most place), and was leaded to a beautiful room with two massage chairs. I was served by the lady whose name is Laura, a very nice and funny chinese lady. She offered drink to me when i first sit down on the chair and bought the warm herbal foot bath. Laura removed my shoes and socks, soak my foot into the bath tub fot few mins. Then she dried my foot and massage started. It feels so good when she was massaging my foot. I was totally relax and enjoy the music and the massage. The strength is exactly I wanted. After the massage she wiped my foot and put socks and shoes back on. I felt like walking on the clouds after the massage, it feels so good. I will defintly chosse this place "JACKPOT Foot MAssage" as my first choice to have a foot massage. Their price: $28 for 45 mins (good massage and fair price)They also have member cards, which you can have a free one hour massage at your 10th visit (with the card).Their number: 702-242-8888The therapist I recommed: Laura and Michelle (They are the best!)
4	This place gives a great massage..its quiet clean and nice. The best way to describe the massage here is deep pressure that is comfortable and feels good. $38 gets you and hour split between foot and body.
5	Manty gives the best massage here. The massuese here really knows the pressure points and can really release the tensions in your back. It's a steal for 45 mins for $29 and they do a full head, shoulders, arms, legs and feet massage. For an extra $10 bucks they do a really thorough back massage.The quality is even better than San Gabriel since most started there and got there experiences there.
2	I was CRAVING a massage so I looked it up and my eyes stumbled onto this place. Jackpot? I think not. I ended up paying $60 and was shocked because they advertised it at a better price. I mean, I was pretty butt-naked at that point and who would get up and get dressed if craving-a-massage was in the equation? For a Chinese "foot" massage + joint, it should NEVER be that much. There's no soothing music, no high quality lotion. In fact, the only good thing about it was that I got my massage fix. But I would never pay $60 for a massage at that level. Walls were too thin, lots of chitter-chatter in another language, the smell of a lunch break... Was not very soothing to me!
4	"All this time you were pretending. So much for my Happy Ending!"If you searched "happy ending massage Las Vegas, NV" on yelp and it lead you to my review. Tisk tisk!! Aww yeah, I was in Vegas doing my thang... Okay maybe my Vegas adventures are not what they use to be, but a few friends of mine were convinced we could get a relaxing massage for $20 to $40 dollars for full body. I didn't believe them. So after a nice bowl of Pho, because that's how we do.. (There's only so many buffets you can eat in a trip) we decided to get a massage before heading back to the craziness that is the Las Vegas strip. The first massage place we walked in to was right next store. It was a little questionable.. The price was $80/ hr and the lady working at the front desk insisted on showing us her girls. So like the gentleman we were we bounced!Previously, we got a tip from the Pho restaurant that Jackpot Foot Massage has the best message just ask for *blank* (I forgot her name) and you will get the best massage ever for $80. That's funny, because about an hour later I did a little yelping around while my friends were get restless. I also stumbled upon Jackpot Foot Massage only they offered $60/ hour for a full body massage. My friend bust out the Chinese and I didn't under what he was saying, but I'm sure he said something like this... "COME ON... COME ON". So the girl on the phone quoted $55/hour and we told her we had a group and then she gave us $50/ hour after some wheeling and dealing.I have to say that this $50 massage was easily one of the best massages I have ever had. I like how my masseuse (the girl on the phone earlier) really put a lot of pressure on my back. Afterwards, I did not feel any neck or back stiffness. I just wanted to chill and do nothing. I felt like Peter Gibbons after getting hypnotized in the movie "Office Space. It was awesome!! I want to ask for the same girl again, but I didn't get her name. She kind of reminded me of the girl from Funemployed the girl that was head over heals for KevJumba.. only she is prettier. I really hope I get her again next time I visit.There were a few bad things that almost wrecked my Chi moment. The phone kept ringing.. and my masseuse would sometimes have to answer to phone, but she was nice enough to ensure that I will get extra time because of this. Next time I should ask for a room away from the main door, because opening and closing of the door with a little chatter is a bit distracting. I love the soft couch and how she worked my entire body, no pun intended. Note to self -Learn Mandarin.. well remember something from the class I took. Recommended! Ideally try to go here when it's not too busy. Prepare to relax and enjoy yourself and don't forget to tip.
4	Came here hungover like crazy Saturday at like 10:00 AM.  There were 3 of us, and only one lady was there so she called up some people, and they showed up right away.  Got an hour long massage... starts w/ the head/scalp, then shoulders and arms and some upper back, then down to legs and feet.  They also did my back... so pretty much full massage.  It was nice and relaxing... dark lightning... lots of towels, it was just what we needed... We were the only ones there the whole time so that was good.  I think it was about $40 or less for 1 hour (not including tip).(wasn't looking for any happy ending business, so don't know about that)
5	We really like this place Sarah especially likes it because the pressure is not too far I'm not too soft really good massage great price 39 for an hour and yelp has a special right now 10% off with a check it
5	Excellent foot message and service
5	Excellent! Felt great after. Very clean .
1	I am very disappointed. While the place was clean and the massage was decent, their service is what brought this review down! okay i thought I was being generous by giving a 17% tip with my masseuse even though she was talking to her coworker during my session. When I paid her, she gave me a mean look and said five dollar tip??  i'm so mad at myself because I should've said let me take care of that and took back the tip. If this ever happens to you...teach them a lesson and take back the tip! Note to owner...if you want to check who worked this time, my session was around 11:30 am on july 12, 2014
