4	I'm not a big drinker but I have loved the Lee's commercials since I moved to Vegas so I wanted to check them out (sometimes commercials DO work on me!).  This store is jam packed with liquors, beers and stuff I'd never heard of (I was like a kid in a candy store), but I was trying to build up a bar for the first time and also needed different kinds of glasses and bar tools, which they didn't have. Oh, well- perhaps a liquor store isn't the first place you'd go to for shot glasses, bar supplies and the like. I really like their variety of liquors, beers, etc. and was able to get advice from a couple of employees about what I should buy for certain types of events.  I like the tiny bottles of liquor they sell up front; they are perfect for people like me who aren't really drinkers but would love to know how something tastes before investing $30 in a bottle. I've been told that other places sell liquor for less than Lee's does, but judging Lee's on what they sell and on their staff, I like the place and would come back for items I can't find elsewhere and to get bar and party advice (trust me, I know next to nothing about such matters).
4	I recently stopped here while in Vegas with a friend who wanted to do a pre Super Bowl liquor run. Being used to BevMo in California, that's what I decided to judge it against. Place is definitely not for those who want some kind of decor. There's ads all over the walls like you'd see at some Sports Arena. Place isn't the cleanest either. But where Lee's wins out is selection and price. They've got some beers you're just not going to find in the Golden State. Biggest surprise for me was finding a four pack of Goose Island Bourbon Stout from Chicago. I would've liked to have seen more GI choices but at least they had something. But $20 for a four-pack? That better be really good beer. I decided instead to buy a strong Barleywine from a microbrewery in Salt Lake City. As in Utah. As in I just don't get it. Strong beer and Utah do not match up! Another plus is they offer discount prices if you pay with cash instead of plastic. Kind of like Arco without the oil slicks.They've also got a decent selection of those mini-bottles of booze like you find on airplanes. Well, at least you used to. But they're here and they're plentiful. Great if you want to go Vodka or Tequila sampling. Would definitely recommend a trip here especially if you hit the jackpot at one of the casinos. It's worth the ride.
5	Alcohol.  Lots and lots of alcohol.  Reminded me of BevMo.5 Stars.
4	For a Las Vegas local, Lee's Liquor is a staple of the places you go to buy your alcohol.  They offer the best prices and the most variety in town.  This Lee's is no different from the rest and I strongly encourage anyone and everyone to give it a shot.
5	I love Lee's.. seriously, everytime I take my alcoholic friends to this place they are in heaaaven. The Eastern location is my favorite. I find that it is clean and not so scary. The sunset and las vegas blvd one are scary! And I find the workers there are not as nice. The Eastern workers are very friendly and always try to make small talk when they are ringing you up.They sometimes have samples.. but most of the time that I go.. they don't have! booooo!!Their prices are very very resonable and they variety is endless! They have rows and rows of wines, hards, and whole long ass fridge full of beers and malt liquor. I also see some people returning kegs as well.I love when they have the gift sets that vary but sometimes come with shot glasses, a mixer, etcetera etcetera.When I first moved to Vegas, I wasn't 21 yet but always would see the very funny commericals with the father & son. Even one with Dan Aykroyd endorsing his crystal head vodka, which was actually pretty good! I also love Sex Vodka that sometimes sells for $9.99! And just a note, the advertised sale prices are for cash/debit sales only.My boyfriend and I usually make a Lee's run AT LEAST once a week be it for beer, wine, a bottle of hards, sake.. pretty much whatever our hearts desires!
2	When I walk into a liquor store, I fell like I imagine a religious person feels going into a church. So many bottles just waiting to give you warm, delicious, boozy hugs. I came to Lee's to pick up a bottle of Scotch, my standard nightcap. Its like a sweater you wear on the inside. On the shelf are only blended Scotches and it was more than half empty. I look around a bit, the Bourbons are also only half filling the shelves. I start looking for where the single malts are hidden. All the single malts are in locked cases that are also mostly empty. Everything from the $30 bottle to the $1000 bottle are in the same case. In order to get the $30 bottle, I had to wave someone down and get them to open the case. Then I was not allowed to wander the store with the bottle. There was a $150 bottle of Bourbon I could have wandered around with, but not the $30 single malt scotch. The prices were average and the sale prices were nothing special compared to what I am used to. I have no opinion on the wines since I couldn't browse while holding my bottle. I almost left without getting anything, but alas I got my Scotch and hightailed it away. Next time I need something, I will go elsewhere with a better selection.
5	Best place to go in town for your spirits and wine hands down!
5	Best deals on alcohol, for sure! I'm not much of a drinker, but when I need to buy booze, I definitely hit this place up!
3	I went into the store this evening (~ 9pm).  It is a bit hard to find since the parking lot was dark.  The store sits at the corner of Sunridge Heights Parkway and Eastern Avenue.  There was only the cashier working the store.  I was not able to get any help finding things but there is a lot of selection in the store.  On small bottles of liquor I found the prices to be comparable to the local grocery store.  On larger bottles of liquor Lee's definitely has better pricing.
5	There is no need to hide that I am a cheap drunk. I hold true to advice that my old world wine professor had told our class, "It does not matter how much a wine cost, drink what you like." To this day, I enjoy two buck chuck from Trader Joe's and go to Lee's discount liquor because they sell Chateau St. Michelle riesling for five or six dollars. Overall the convenience of Lee's discount liquor and their prices makes for an enjoyable night. Their selection of hard liquor, beers, and wines makes it easy to find your poison of choice.
3	cheap, plentiful booze sold to you from a Korean family that puts out self a facing TV commercials. I base my Liquor store experience with my first child experience of a liquor store that I remember being in, which would be Applejacks up in the Denver area. That is my benchmark and Lee's is not there
3	Stopped by Lee's to pick up a couple bottles of wine.  They had a decent selection of reds, but it was a little overpriced.
3	Lee's is an alcohol enthusiasts playground. At least this is what I would say if half the stuff I was looking for was not out of stock. Usually when I visit, I just want a bottle of wine, but I was in the mood for sake today. The shelf was almost cleared clean. With that option stricken from the table, I just picked up a bottle of wine and framboise. I noticed that some of the wines can be purchased for cheaper at a local supermarket. Sometimes you will find some great deals, but not always.
1	Went in to buy 2 beers tonight. The cashier was nice but tired and made a mistake on the change. She had to call the manager who was so rude. He said I couldn't buy 2 beers, although I have bought 2 beers there before. He has NO customer service what so ever! Who made him a manager?????? Not going back to that store ever!!!
4	How nice is it to have a Lee's right by your house?  Decent selection of wine but unfortunately did not agree with the local reviews.  We tried a few bottles based on store reviews and were pretty disappointed.  Having said that, the Easter location is clean and convenient with a nice variety.  So, if we know what we're looking for or following more well-known reviews we're quite happy.
4	Has a good selection. Beer has a great amount. Variety of liquor. Only lacking in wine supply and champagnes.
4	This is one of the best liquor stores I have been to.  My favorite is BevMo, but we don't have them here.  GREAT selection of craft beers!  The reason they don't get 5 stars is because their single malt Scotch selection is terribly lame.  Just awful.  You can spend $50 or $500.  Not much in between. That is disappointing.  Lee's has a great bourbon selection (which I'm into) and cool in-store sampling.  Neat wine vault too, for the good stuff.  Another cool feature is that if they don't have something you want, and another store does, they'll transfer it over.  Good customer service too.  They help you out to the car if you need it and the staff is always helpful, kind and pleasant.  That's getting harder to find these days.  So, if the time has come for you to lean on the Fun Button, head to Lee's first!
2	This place is ok compared to their competitor.  The location is easily seen on the corner of eastern and sunridge heights pkwy.  It's a little goofy getting into the parking lot but nothing anyone can't figure out.  I don't know if it's my personal preferences of drinks but they seem to run out of what I'm stopping in for.  Rum and moscato wine... Why not keep my brand stocked? Otherwise the place is always kept clean.  Sometimes I have to scavenger hunt for my wine but it just makes it a game for me.  Sometimes the employees have to join me in the game in my search.  Not well organized in my mind.  And it's not a game I like to play for very long.  I guess is prefer the other liquor and wine store but if in the area I can stop here.
3	I was looking for a rum.Seeing as how I am not a "drinker" I don't know a lot ( or really anything) about alcohol.I found the rum section with out any help....but my mom has an allergy to anything corn.Corn, corn syrup, dextrose, the list goes on and on.So, I find an unflavored bottle of rum.....with no ingredient list.Walking back towards the beer section, two employees see me and do stop their conversation to ask me if I need help.Asking the "does rum involve corn anything" question, no one had an answer for me.They whipped out their phones, and googled it....and still had no answer for me.But, the rum and blue moon were a decent price.
4	I have no clue about beer.Dereck helped me with a local beer i needed.  Explained the difference between the beers very informative.
1	Rudest staff ever. Don't bother asking questions because god forbid they do their job. I'd rather drive another location than give this one business.
5	Good selectionHelpful staff
4	The Costco of alcohol. With miles and miles of bad decisions, Lee's literally has something for everyone's taste... I'm not sure if that's a good thing for Las Vegas or not? Nonetheless, this is my go to spot for a quick bottle of wine or that pesky whiskey craving that usually comes over me towards the end of a work week. I love me some whiskey and although the options here can be a bit overwhelming, they are also exciting at the same time. Sometimes I'll play the "random bottle game" just to see what I like and don't like; the best part about this game is that you really never lose. Like I said, something for everyone... Craft Beer, wine, Tequila, and beyond. The prices can be a little higher too, a lot higher than other liquor stores in fact, but I would rather walk into a clean and inviting place of business than some sketchy liquor store with dust on the bottles and outdated product. PRO-TIP: Always call a cab!
4	This place sells Adam Carolla's Mangria, which is quickly becoming my favorite drink.
5	My favorite liquor store ever! You can find anything & everything.. & then some. Awesome prices.. I can never leave the store with just one thing!
4	I am not a big drinker and my choice when I do is usually wine. When we go here it's usually for my husband or when a friend is in town. They are always friendly and know their products, and have nice quantities of liquor with a huge variety. Almost every time I have been in there they are giving out free samples. The last time it was for Bruno Mars new drinks I didn't try but my friend didn't like the taste of them she said the chocolate flavored one tasted like really bad cough medicine. The ladies doing the sampling was very interactive with the people trying their products.
