1	I rented a property through this company first as home lovers and was transferred to homeqwik as my lease was ending.  The house was left in dismal condition for my move-in.  The walls and floors were dirty and stained, no screens on the windows, the key only worked on the front door and the other locks had no key, the dishwasher was broken, the air conditioner needed repair, there were no bulbs in the fixtures, property had damage all through the inside, there were bud light caps and cigarette butts all over the backyard, the backyard had broken cinder blocks all along the back and side, fridge was dirty with missing shelving, kitchen had missing shelving and a slanted shelf under the sink that appeared to be installed wrong, among many other things. I left the property in 100% better condition than when I moved in.   When it came time to get my deposit back I was given a bill for the owner to improve on the house and fix all the things wrong with the property before I moved in.  I am even being charged to shave the bottom of a door that was installed wrong!  Luckily I have video and pictures of the property in the condition I moved in.  I know have filed paperwork with County Meadows for a civil suit to get the money owed to me from my deposit back.  Make sure you take video and a lot of pictures of every square in of any property you rent from them!  I would recommend that you go through another property management company and save yourself a lot of money and headache!  Jason is the property manager for both and this company is very shady!
5	My husband and I found ourselves with a rental property and thought we could manager it ourselves.  I mean, how hard can it be, right?  We ended up with a very difficult tenant and the situation added a tremendous amount of stress to our lives.  After one year of a 2-year lease, we contacted HomeQwik and hired them to take over the management of the property.  They contacted the tenant, offered to inspect and document the condition of the home and make any necessary repairs.  The second year of the lease was a completely different story.  HomeQwik responded to all of the tenant's expected requests for repair, but also to her endless, unfounded threats and demands.  After a year of late and partial paymentsmade to us, the tenant paid electronically, on time and in full every month.  At the end of the lease, the house was returned to us in beautiful condition. We were so pleased with HomeQwik that we actually hired them as our realtors to sell the property.  Their advice regarding the listing price and suggested improvements resulted in an acceptable offer within three weeks of listing it and virtually no inspection items to deal with.  It couldn't have gone more smoothly.  Jason S and Noel P were fantastic to work with.
5	We are Calderon & Company Handyman Service, and we have worked with many different property management companies through out the valley over the past 10 years, and for the first time we feel at home. Just when you think there are no more honest property management companies left, HomeQwik cones along and proves us wrong. We have been tenants ourselves, and a good "Landlord" for the tenants, and Property Manager for the home owner are very hard to find. In the time that we have worked for them we have seen nothing but care and concern for the tenant's, as well the property. Safety is their first priority, and they always make sure they are getting the homeowner the absolute best quality work at the most affordable price. They have always kept the homeowners interests in mind, while satisfying the tenant's needs. The properties that they manage are well maintenanced between tenants, and any issues while occupied are quickly addressed. They have been the end of the tunnel for us, we do honest, quality work, and are very happy to work for a company that demands the absolute best for their tenants and owners. They use the most unique bid/work order system that we have ever used, and it saves us a time and money. This helps to lower our service costs, and that makes everyone a little happier. We are extremely excited to go into the new year with the opportunity to continue to work with HomeQwik, our hats are off to the best management company in the Valley of Sun! Thank you HomeQwik, Mike w/ Calderon & Company!
