5	I live in San Diego and I decided to try Jen in Scottsdale because I couldn't find anyone here that I felt comfortable with to get my eyelashes done with. I absolutely LOVE them! She did such an amazing job and in record time. You have to lay there with your eyes closed for a long time and it went by so fast with Jen. I can't even count how many compliments I have gotten on them. People in San Diego were asking where I went and were so bummed to hear it was all the way in Scottsdale! I really appreciate her and wish she would move to San Diego! She is the BEST!!
5	I have had eyelash extensions for about a year now. I absolutely LOVE them and get so many compliments. I go to Jenn for all my esthetic needs. Her facials are out of this world and she uses all organic products. She is hands down the BEST in the business!!
5	What can I say? Jenn is fabulous! I've been going to Jenn for years (at least 4) and she has always done a fantastic job on my brows and she always listens and makes sure I get the looking want.  (I get them dyed and shaped every 6-8 weeks.) I've also had a facial done and she customized it to my skin and addressed a few specific problems that I had. Her prices are reasonable and she is the nicest person in the world. You won't be disappointed!
5	I have been seeing Jenn for more than 3 years.  She does an amazing job on every service she provdies.  She has a fantastic personality, she is professional, and knows what prodcuts to use based on your skin.  My skin has never looked so amazing.  I would never see anyone else other than Jenn!.  She is the absolute best!!!
4	Loved my experience here. Jenn was great and very informative. I'm definitley going back!
5	Jenn at Refreshe is wonderful!  She is extremely engaging and knowledgeable. From the moment you walk in, she will make you feel welcome and attend to your specific skin needs in every detail.  She only uses Eminence Organics products, which are free of chemicals and toxins that are so prevalent in other beauty lines these days.  My hour long facial with her flew by in a blink of an eye.  She will also be able to customize your own facial routine at home so that you can maintain feeling fabulous later.  I highly recommend this business.
