5	I noticed the big BOOKS sign last week and have been meaning to get in there - one thing we desperately need downtown is an independent bookstore, so happy to have them here!  This morning I had a bit of time to stop in and check them out...what a great store, very inviting and comfortable, nice seating area, good lighting, clean and well organized, super helpful staff/owners and excellent prices!  I bought four books for $18! They will definitely be my new bookstore - forget B&N or Borders! Yea! (plus, the owner said she was more than willing to host book clubs...what a great idea!)
1	This places STINKS! And I mean that literally. I've never smelt anything like it in my life ... but what ever it is it forced me into being a mouth breather. And finally I just had to get out ...
4	Ok since Dave B got the stink out of the way, I need to come in and review the store itself.  It DOES smell a little musty, and my son also fled outside with Dave, but it really didn't bother me at all.Walking in I immediately loved it... it's just the kind of wonderful, overstuffed, local used bookstore that booklovers feel at home in (let's face it, Bookman's and Half-Priced Books aren't homey).  They have a cute patio, and a community room that is used and shared for all sorts of things, which I think is very cool. (and it's next to Urban Bean, GREAT coffee which makes this a really great little area.My only beef with the place is the layout.  The organization is somewhat lacking... or more to the point, it's overorganized.  They've tried to be too specific and thus split things out way too much, and I had to browse through 3 related sections before stumbling upon the books I was looking for.  The book could have been in all 3 sections, which to me means that maybe they all should have been one section?I'm an overorganizer myself and I would probably be paralyzed with indecision if someone asked me to organize a whole bookstore, plus it's a given in a store like that that if I had just asked the clerk they could have taken me directly to what I wanted, so I consider this mildly annoying, but not a deterrent.But the prices were great, and just being in a tiny aisle with books towering over me makes me happy, so I'll consider this my new bookstore.
4	What a welcome addition to central Phoenix.  This indie used bookstore is generously and thoughtfully stocked with interesting choices that go way beyond the usual mass market offerings.  I have found a lot of gems here at fair prices.  This is the kind of place where you might find several books of interest that you've never seen before, buy a few and circle back for the others as time and budget permit. Friendly owners who leave you free to browse to your hearts content but are attentive to customer needs and questions.  Thanks to the owners for supporting so many community meetings and adding occasional evening hours for those of us with day jobs!  PS the coffeehouse right across the parking lot is a nice place to visit after you've made your book selections.
4	OK So I would probably give this a 3 1/2. I had been wanting to go to Bards Books for a while, and today was the day I finally did. First off the selection is slim in certain sections which is why I would give it a slightly lower star. Yet The store its self is worth going too! The selection is going to be small because it is indeed a smaller store, but the smallness and comfort feel to the store is fantastic. Other reviewers have used the work homey and I absolutely agree. It has the feeling i want my book store too have. Being a used bookstore I'm sure the inventory changes everyday, so i will definitely go back on a regular basis.
3	Okay I read in some of the other reviews that Bard's has what what subtly put (ahem),as an "unpleasant odor", but I have yet to be knocked out by any smell when entering, and I don't get down with funny smells :).  I went in looking for #2 in the trilogy of the Steve Larssen series, they didn't have it but within the 5 minutes I was there looking for another author, someone brought it in and the gentleman behind the counter came running to tell me.  Of course I bought it and for that bit of coincidence alone this place gets a few stars.  They may not always have what your looking for, but if they do the prices are great and everyone who works there has always been helpful and pleasant.  There's a coffee shop in the same center for ultimate convenience because we all know a good book and great latte were made for each other :).
5	By far my favorite book store in Phoenix.Every time I go in there I never leave without a book or two.  Their selection is constantly changing, and all of the books are in good shape and come at a great price (most are under $10).  They also have a large selection of DVDs and other misc items.  The staff is always friendly and helped me out by special ordering the GRE Princeton Review 2011 book.  The inside is charming, and is literally covered floor to ceiling in books.  You're sure to find something in there to meet your interests.
5	Great book shop. Well worth visiting.
2	Opened a cookbook priced normally retail at $40 and it was being resold at $32... sticker shock and so i was out of there...
4	I live just a few blocks away (maybe not even that) and I had never stopped in until they had a Groupon deal.  I had been to Urban Bean next door half a dozen times, but I was usually too busy and every time I DID have time to stop in, it was already closed.So, I finally made it in and I really liked it.  It could be a little more fresh and bright, but it's not unlike most used bookstores and I don't mind.  I'm really there for the well-priced books.  I was into career-oriented books at the time and found some pretty useful books all in one section.  I think I left with around 5 books.  Not bad for my first time in and only checking out one small section of the store.  One of the books didn't have a price on it, but the clerk explained that all of the books sell for half of the original suggested retail price.  I like that concept because it's really easy to figure out when you're deciding what to buy in case they forget to mark the price.  The clerk who helped me was a friendly lady who made sure to ask if I had any coupons or a punch card even before she knew I had a Groupon.   They seem to offer regular coupons and discounts if you buy multiple books which is always a draw for me.Overall, worth checking out.  Very nice to have a local bookstore fill the void left by the closing of Borders and Bookstar (a Barnes & Noble store) down the way.
5	Don't know how I never noticed this place, especially considering I drive past it all the time!  Finally discovered it after mentioning to a friend that I was looking for a good used book store and she pointed me here.The place is surprisingly clean and organized.  Everything is categorized, labeled and shelved.  Books of all varieties, on every subject you can think of.  I sold several books, and got a fair trade in price for them.  ( I think the cash trade in is only 25% though).The books sell for a bit higher than most other used stores I've seen, but they all seemed to be in really good shape. Have already returned a few times since my initial visit, and will deff continue to come back regularly. Enjoy!
4	i like their reading room to the side!grab a coffee at urban beans (in the same plaza) and enjoy this local shop!
5	Great atmosphere in this quaint little bookstore. Chairs and sofas throughout and I liked that the woman working let me wander around without making me feel weird the way some employees of small businesses do.
4	Lucky to live across the street from this little place. This is a bookstore best enjoyed if your schedule is wide open and you're merely browsing for something new. If you're looking for something specific and widely available, order it online.Great atmosphere, tall ceilings, and that incredible musty book smell that always makes me think of The Neverending Story. Comfy chairs, friendly staff, and adequate lighting. Trade-in is rather low (15 - 25%), but you should really think of it as giving your old books away for free, and them giving you a nice little discount as a thanks. Stop being stingy - share your old books with the world.
4	Fun to browse and I found two fabulous books in 15 minutes
4	Recently visited and smelled the peculiar smell that other reviewers have mentioned. Boldly asked what gives to the guy running the store. (nicely... "sir, what IS that scent, and where can I buy more? I love it!"Found out every time he works, he burns sickly sweet eastern incense.I wish he wouldn't.
5	Wonderful place.  It was serendipitous that we found it, it opened after I moved from the area to New Mexico.  When we were back in town a couple of weeks ago running around with our BFF, we asked my iPhone for book stores in the area and it popped up Bards.All three of us were very happy, all three of us spent money, and we closed the place.  I found a great book that was a light treatment of philosophy, I only wish I had bought the Laurie Anderson coffee table book that he had, maybe it'll still be there when I am back in town next month.Comfy chairs make it very pleasant to skim books to see what you like, and the owner was very friendly and helpful with comments and suggestions.  He also commented on what we bought, asking us to bring books in for credit based on our selections.One thing it is not is a bargain book store.  It is tastefully furnished and well organized without the mildewy smell of some bargain stores.  You might not find $0.75 paperbacks here, but you will find interesting things.Very good store to which we'll definitely be returning.
5	THANK YOU!  For my paperback copy of Illusions by Richard Bach ~ My lovely client who generally always become friends, and I went to lunch and talked about books she loved.  After realizing I never read this small read, she insisted on hunting it down.We checked 3 other bookstores in the Biltmore area and Bard's came through.  The book was only $3.50, great shape, and they were extra friendly!Here's to a weekend reading thanks to Bards ~ Luana Joya Lucia
3	I was looking for another Suzanne Summers book since I found several of them here about a year ago.  The place is cozy and quaint but lacks interesting enough titles for me and I had never felt the desire to return here for an entire year so the best I can do is 3 stars.
3	It's an ok place.
5	Bards is as charming as it gets!  I always feel like I am in Belle's library in The Beauty and the Beast!  It's easy to stumble upon classics in great condition as well as best sellers from Oprah's bookclub.  The people that work there let you peruse on your own, and there are so many books to look at.  As other Yelpers have mentioned, it is super organized and easy to navigate!  It is very cozy and I always leave feeling good to have supported a local bookstore.  Definitely a Phoenix highlight!
1	These people are the rudest ever! My publicist calls to make an appointment. The guy on the other end does not give him any info in regards to Management contacts or email to send him info. Wow..... It takes 2 seconds to be kind..... Definitely not promoting my book there.
4	Be sure u go to the right location, Bethany Home & 16th. Next to Dick's Hideaway
