2	Decent hair cut (for dogs), but a little expensive.I brought my Aussie Shepherd here in the middle of summer to try to get him a trim to keep him a little cooler.  The woman at the counter and I had a little miscommunication--I asked for a trim of his undercoat and came back to find they'd done a buzz cut.  I was a little irritated, but the dog didn't seem to care.  He actually seemed a lot cooler than if they'd given him the trim I asked for.  But I left a little frustrated due to the miscommunication. I would probably still give them 3 stars and another chance, since the staff was very friendly and at least one person I know has had a good experience here, but the place is a little expensive too.  $65 for a hair cut that I could have gotten for $35 at a large corporate pet store.  2 stars from my experience, but I will say other folks like them.
4	Although I haven't actually had any of my 3 dogs groomed here yet, I wanted to thank Valerie and your staff for letting me have my business cards there and for sending me referrals! I appreciate it so much, and will be stopping by soon to visit again, and thank you in person~Thank you!!!Shelley with Crazy4Paws Pet Sitting~
5	I love this shop. Valerie and her team are kind and caring. Yogi is hyper and doesn't like the process but they always do a great job no matter how much he fights them. Very satisfied.
5	Great place, very accommodating and will make any little changes in grooming you want ie shorter/longer etc. Valerie is amazing and so caring. They are good with puppies too. My babies love going there and that is THE most important part of it all. They are always on schedule and will move times around when you have a conflict. I highly recommend this place!
5	LOVE LOVE this place.  My dogs never liked going to the groomer but here, they love it.  They treat the dogs like they are family.  Valerie is an exceptional groomer, my little girl dog's bows stay in for the entire length of grooming which is perfect! My newer puppy Chip thinks it is just so much fun to go there he can't wait to get into their arms.  I like the products they use on the dogs and they are flexible and run on schedule.
4	Thanks for keeping our poodle looking good! Easy to get an appointment, fast (2-3 hours) for a small poodle. Make sure to be specific about what you want and let them know beforehand. We've gotten our dog back without his butt hair getting trimmed down a couple of times! Other than that, friendly staff, clean and our dog doesn't seem to hate it too much! :)
5	Lolita hadn't had a visit to a groomers in quite some time so after being referred by a friend I was very comfortable bringing her here. Sure enough I was not let down, the staff was so nice and welcoming & when I picked Lolita up she looked so comfortable & very different. Definitely recommend this place!
