5	Market Square is a downtown urban oasis boasting new restaurants and fun family events all year round. Park hours are from 6am-11pm. If you are lucky enough to make it to one of the square events you too can enjoy the consumption of alcoholic beverages right "Dawn Tawn" in the land of the Yinzers! Check out the blog spot for Merchant specials and promotions, New business openings, Farmers Market, concerts, rallys and more.Every year I come down for the annual St. Paddy's day festivities. Watching the parade and the sea of emerald participants has me doing an Irish jig! This year there was quite the controversy when some militant bible peddlers tried to go all hells fire on us! Check out the pics from this dramatic and hilarious scene!
4	Oh Market Square...oh Market Square. Such fond memories I have here.... I pretty much lived down here when I worked at the Starbucks in the square. This was before the big remodel. The square before was a haven for bums and drug dealers, throw in the daytime work crowd and you've got a great mixer! The one thing I miss about the old square is the bums...I lie....really I miss the trees. It's a little desolate looking. But I understand they had to take out the mass amount of seating and dark corners to drive away the all day all night shady characters. The best part about the square now is the bustling restaurant business. In early 2000 the only notable places around were Starbucks, Priminati's and the Oyster House. I did enjoy the greasy Chinese food on the corner of Forbes and Bon Giorno, with all the mail order brides who worked there. But now almost every storefront is full with new restaurants like NOLA on the Square and the fantastical burger place, Wingharts. Moe's frightens me a bit because they're always screaming at me, with me or for me. I'll take Chipotle across the street, thank you! There's also some great events that take place in the square. The family friendly Light Up Night in November to kick off Christmas season downtown. The drunkfest they call St. Patricks Day. They used to serve just about anyone at 8 AM in the morning....but I think once they realized 12 year olds were wondering around with beers, they tried to crack down. Now it starts later in the day so the drunks don't mingle with the family crowd. In the spring/summer/fall they have a fantastic farmers market where you can buy fresh produce, flowers, jams, breads and many more items.  It's actually a really great place to hang out when the weather is warm because they have tons of outdoor seating in front of most of the restaurants.  The remodel created it as a more pedastrain friendly area.  So now you don't have to dodge cars while you eat your taco!  Nice!
4	Do you like Christian music in the afternoon's in the summer time?Do you like random homeless people milling about when you're having lunch?Do you ever wish that a man would try to sell you frozen steaks out of his book bag on your way home?Oh and there's a farmers market every Thursday too.Bur seriously Market Square does have its downfalls which I don't see changing anytime soon but it is really a great area that I feel is under appreciated and under utilized by the city. The square is constantly updating and adding new businesses but yet it's not the true focal point that it needs to be. It's a great meeting spot for people; with many new bars around it, to me it's the go-to option especially in the summer when you want to go out. How easy is it to get dinner at one place and get drinks next door? If you're lazy like me then you'll love that idea. Plus if you're going to a show it's right around the corner. Plus although I'm not the biggest fan of its new design it has a very clean look to it which I can appreciate. And there's a Moe's there so I will always be a fan of that.
2	Meh.I was actually surprised that you could review a concrete slab.  I searched for concrete slab and of all things, Primanti's was the second result: http://i.imgur.com/cEeaV.pngI have many fond memories of Market Square.  I miss the old days of sitting in the Market Street Ale House and watching the crackheads fight each other while sipping on a beer.My fondest memory is from 2005 and that of two women - one dressed in all white, the other dressed in all black - fought each other for about 5 minutes, chased each other around and ripped off the other's clothes and hair.  One of them was down to just her jeans and bra. The fight was then broken up by a gentleman who attempted to mediate between the two.  The women weren't having it.They instead turned on the gentleman beating him with their fists and feet, one even grabbed a felled branch from a tree and chased him away.The two women then consoled each other and walked off together into the night.Memories aside, I was excited to hear that Market Squre was going to be redeveloped and that bus traffic would no longer roar through there.I was hoping for a park or something park-like to be built / grown, perhaps with some more trees. Instead we were given a concrete slab on which we can bake under the hot summer sun.
4	They have done a good job fixing up Market Square.  You can hit NOLA for New Orleans food.  There are 2 Italian restaurants right next door (Bella Sera and I can't recall the other).  There's Moes, Chipolte, Wingharts, Oyster House, Primanti's and nearby is Ruth Chris.  Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts and Einstein Bagels are also there.  NOLA and Bella Sera share the same valet parking.  It is usually busy at lunchtime.
3	While walking around downtown Pittsburgh, we stumbled upon Market Square. Of course at the time, we didn't realize it was Market Square. After taking some pictures from the square, most notably of the building that looks like a giant black castle, we decided to take a look at what the Square had to offer.Lining the perimeter of Market Square are a number of restaurants and coffee shops, which seem to cater to almost all audiences. Unfortunately our top choices all seemed to be closed, which seemed silly considering it was a weekend afternoon. I guess these places don't get too much weekend traffic, who knows. Eventually we settled for a burger joint that was there, even though it had less than stellar reviews.Just seeing the square makes me feel like it has a lot of potential and while I am sure that it gets its fair share of use during the warmer months, I couldn't help but feel that it was under utilized. I would be interested to visit again during the summer and see just how bumping this place can get.
5	Now, I have been to Market Square before, but usually I simply walk through during Light Up Night or on a random day in the city.  I never actually have made it a destination for myself, that is until this past week.My mother and I ventured down to act like tourists, and our lunch stop was Market Square.  Honestly, I did not know Market Square was so awesome.  We happened to be there on Thursday, which is the market shopping/ live music day.  I was told that they have the vendors come every Thursday, but I am unsure of the live music; however, it was awesome either way.We actually sat in the square and listened to the music and just people watched for about 45 minutes.  It was a perfect afternoon in my beautiful city of Pittsburgh.
5	Nice to see all the folks out during lunch. But they should ban cars to make it more open and fun.
4	The Fourth star is being given because of Nicholas Coffee Co and Chipotle being located in Market Square and also there is a lovely water structure that  belongs to the PPG Place that's fun to play in during the summer. Which in the winter converts to a skating rink. I must say that I am still sad over the murdering of innocent tries.  A couple years ago before the square was redone poor innocent trees were just sawed down, instead of being uprooted an replanted else where.There is definitely less greenery in the square and that doesn't sit well with me.  The lyrics, "Tear down a tree and put up a parking lot." come to mind.Yes all the fancy stores are nice...but I wished the trees could have been saved.  There is space for us and nature to coexist. There is still plenty of room to have trees in Market Square but they've been replaced with outdoor seating.
5	Market Square was a BLAST yesterday on St. Paddy's Day! Whatever it used to be it isn't anymore. There are lots of places to eat or just hang out. Yesterday my friend and I saw a free concert with Bearded Bastard Irishment and 3 Car Garage and had a great time. Everyone was friendly and jolly!
5	Oh how I miss the Square! After renting an apartment in the Theater district (and working in Boston - yeah complicated), I had my occasional visits to Market Square. It started out with NOLA (whose food I enjoy - crispy Alligator!! and the potent Hurricane) to Winghart's (great burgers at a good price), then Starbucks and Dunkin (having lived in New England for so many years, I am a fan of DD), and finally Chipotle and Las Velas (Mexican). Well, the food drew me to the Square most of the time, but I soon found out that there was more to it - the Christmas tree lighting, the skating rink, the beginning and end of all events - farmers market, St. Patrick's day drink fest, a Christmas/Winter festival, live music and dancing. So now in spite of being a good 20 min drive away, I find any opportunity to visit Market Square when I am in the vicinity.The roads are paved here and parking is difficult (but not impossible) and during the daytime you will experience a lot of human traffic, however the hustle and bustle of the place, the liveliness, and people-watching is what makes Market Square even more fun! Agreed that the place is lacking greenery but nonetheless a fun place to visit.
4	Love market square! How could you not? Great restaurants - particularly Nola, Wingharts, Il Pizziola, Sienna and Bluebird. The farmers market on Thursday in the summer is great - filled with food, veggies, flowers, take out and always something a bit off the beaten path. People watching is a must. Live music. Great coffee shops. Denham and Co to get your hair did. It's really everything you want and need in a walkable downtown square!
5	Cool place for out-of-towners. Like me. Walking distance to the Wyndham Grand. Pretty boss.
5	First time in Pittsburgh and I'm so glad I visited Market Square.  So beautiful during the holidays.  Skating rink with beautiful tree and surrounding decorations.  Tons of booths set up in the square selling holiday decorations, gifts, food, etc.  Live music, activities for kids, and tons of stores & restaurants around, within walking distance.  Did the valet parking for $10 instead of the hassle of trying to find a place to park.  Will definitely be on my list to visit again!
5	This review, if done a few years ago, could have gone a different direction.  But with the remake of Market Square I'm happy to be giving it a five star rating.No more chopped up areas for sitting and no more street cutting right through the middle of the plaza.  Market Square is a great place to be able to take a little escape from the hustle and bustle of the city.  With all the restaurants that line the plaza you can definitely have an outside meal at one of the many table that are available to sit at.  This place is great for events too.  Most people know of the St. Patrick Day's festivities, but almost always there is something to do here.  From Christmas to First Night.  I even had the chance to attend a wedding in Market Square.  Talk about amazing.  The city surrounding you and you make the day that much more special.
3	A nice area right in the middle of the city to have some lunch or to sit outside at one of the many movable tables and chairs to enjoy the weather, scenery, and passersby.  The restaurants around the square are okay but nothing really great.  Ever since they remodeled the square a while back it is much better.  Cars used to be able to go right through the middle of the square and now they have to go around the perimeter.  I think it would be best with no cars are all, but this change was better than nothing.They also have lunchtime events such as farmers markets, Christmas markets, concerts, and other small events and sometimes there are even larger evening events as well.
2	Very cool area. I'm not originally from Pittsburgh, and when I came, I was shocked at the lack of a go-to "commerce/entertainment" district. Well, market square is about the best Pittsburgh has to offer. It's not a big city, and most of this area (market square) really shuts down after 5pm, but it is somewhat lively on the weekends. Much cleaner, and presumably safer, than South Side; although SS's bar scene/nightlife is much, much better.It has a wide array of restaurants, both in choice of cuisine and prices. Not many shops around, and most are widely disbursed. Overall, this area has soooooo much potential; but, in comparison with other cities, Pittsburgh's lack of a viable public transportation system really holds places like Market Square from being a premier entertainment destination.
5	Market Square is and always has been a unique and pleasant place to spend a few hours.  Although it used be known for the homeless and pigeons a while back, even then it was a unique experience.  Not too much of that now and the transformation was definitely a good one.  There is shopping, dining, entertainment, and housing all within the general area.  It's clean and has plenty of room to handle the lunch and dinner rush.  It's a different atmosphere that makes people friendly and want to talk and interact.  If you haven't been there, go there.  There are a few parking garages within three blocks of the square and there is pay parking on the streets but hard to find a spot in the square.  They do have valet parking so if you don't mind paying a bit extra for parking it makes the most sense.
5	I really enjoy Market Square. I often come here to enjoy my packed lunch when the weather is nice or sometimes order a cheese fry from the infamous Primanti's and enjoy that outside at a tableI caught the tail end of the (one would say scary) old Market Square. I have to admit it was intimidating to walk around those dark, tree shadowed corners alone as a 17 year old in the big city (I'm originally from the suburbs & tried to head to the city every chance possible to get away from home). It (Market Square) is all good now though :) Market Square was actually Bobby's original proposal spot, but due to the severe rain on a Wednesday afternoon during my lunch, the spot was changed to the Wintergarden at PPG :)
3	Market Square is the central area of Pittsburgh. It is a nice walking area with vehicle traffic detoured. In the summer it hosts various food vendors and sometimes speakers or impromptu concerts.During the winter it hosts the People's gas holiday market. There is "Santa's House" along with a variety of different shoppes from various ethnic groups as well as a few food vendors. This is the 3rd year for this attraction. Most of the vendors are the same but they will change one of two.One of my favorites is Linda Barnicott who works with Wendell August in painting or have aluminum ornaments made of Pittsburgh or other famous cities. Her art work is very good and makes excellent gifts for people who don't live in the city.Nearby is PPG place which will be reviewed separately along with it's holiday tree and ice skating rink. During the holiday season they offer horse drawn carriage rides as well as a complementary trolley. Parking is normally free on Sats. in certain garages in Dec.It makes for a nice family visit of a European holiday market.
3	This is a beautiful time of year to head down to Market Square!  Through 12/23, the Holiday Market is set up and worth a browse through. The vendors are mostly selling ornaments and other crafty items so it's a nice stop for any last minute Christmas gifts. There are several restaurants surrounding the square which is very convenient when you get that shopping hunger pain (or maybe it's just me that gets that, haha). They also have a couple food booths (a German themed one run by NOLA and a cookie booth) if you'd prefer to stay outside and eat or just get a snack. On a side note, Market Square is also great in the summer. The restaurants have outdoor seating and it's great people watching. Sometimes there is live music too. Parking is not a desirable situation (street parking nearby is difficult to find), however on Saturdays during the holiday season parking was free so that was a nice holiday gift from the city of Pittsburgh!
