2	Recently, I decided to make a roadtrip mini-adventure to Phoenix.  Wow, what a city.  It's beautiful and in the middle of HELL.  Paradise lost, one might say.I made my reservations to the Rodeway Inn Airport after consulting the internet for a place to stay.  I made a few considerations, such as brand name.  I've been a big fan of Clarion Brand hotels, since I've stayed at Comfort Inn and Suites in a variety of cities over the years.  I concluded my internet reservation the day before and decided this was in a great spot due to airport proximity and brand name.What...a...mistake...Apparently, Phoenix is abnormal compared to many cities I've stayed in.  The airport is beautiful but the surrounding area is not.  The hotel chain has a great reputation, but this place was not beautiful. Here, let me explain!I arrived at 0500 (5am for y'all) in Phoenix.  My reservation was made, but apparently the Clarion website differs from their policy.  My room was given away since I hadn't checked in by 6am, even though the Clarion website has a Room Guarantee that says they'll hold the room until 7am the next day.  I had a bit of kick back from the onside employee that night.Hotel is rather nasty. It's old.  It's dilapidated.  It was all locked up (more to follow on that).  It was grungy.  Not pleasant, nor reminiscent of the Clarion brand.Room was freezing, and appeared sloppily put together.  Curtains were ill fitting, going over the window A/C Heater system and blowing.  Also, the heat didn't work too well, but that's neither here nor there.Below the heater though, that's where the magic was found.  A used Trojan Magnum condom and wrapper.  Now THAT'S good times.Apparently, this hotel, this area, this side of the airport is known to locals for the strip clubs, prostitution and drug dealers.  Yup.  It's all that.  Not gonna be staying here again.  Sorry Clarion.  You've lost me on this one.
1	And my streak of staying in quality hotels comes to a screeching halt.When I'm not vacationing and just need a room to crash in, I tend to be a utilitarian when it comes to hotels. I just need a clean place to sleep and shower and I'm pretty much satisfied. You'd think a hotel by the airport from a national brand would be a safe bet. But no.For starters, the neighborhood is just disgusting, and I am not easily fazed by such things. Meth labs would count as urban gentrification. I went to check in on Foursquare and the first suggested location that popped up was PROSTITUTES - HOE STROLL.The old building had a fresh coat of paint, so I maintained my optimism. We got into the room, which was spacious and mostly clean. Acceptably so, at least. It looked like it had been remodeled sometime recently, although the carpet had more cigarette burns than the arms of a working girl who can't make Daddy's quota.I was OK with mediocrity for $49 a night until I walked into the bathroom. The door was literally hanging off its hinges. And the window had been shattered. And there was a smear of feces on the wall.If walls could talk, right? These would say GET THE POOP OFF ME.I was thinking two stars at first, but then overnight, I could barely sleep because the paper-thin walls let in every sound from the whole unsavory neighborhood, from the hookers pretending to enjoy their work, from the drug dealers outside, from what sounded like feral cats in heat.We got the hell out of there as soon as we woke up and drove around Phoenix randomly all morning rather than spend another minute in the room.Just awful.
2	Me: I don't know man, this neighborhood doesn't look so great.Jay: We're getting close to the airport, so it should get better. We're close to the hotel.Me: There it is there - Rodeway Inn.(Long silence as we pull into the parking lot of a super sketchy ghetto motel)Me: Nice Jay.Jay: It got 4 stars on Trip Advisor!Me: Did you check Yelp?Jay: No ...Lesson learned, eh Jay?Since we shared the same room, there's no need to repeat his review. He mostly covered it. A couple of things he missed though. First, the room smelled faintly of dead hooker upon arrival. Thankfully, there was no dead hooker in the bathtub ... this time. But there was a pigeon outside the cracked bathroom window. Secondly, they had a CRT television. Really? Really? HDTV's are so cheap these days ... there is no excuse for ANY hotel having a CRT set. I didn't think those things even worked anymore. And I didn't turn it on to find out. Still, I gave it 2-starts to his one because while Jay was up all night due to the paper thin walls, I took a triple dose of melatonin to escape the misery of this wretched room and PTFO'd. (Although I did hear the cat once ... I guess we know what happened to that pigeon)And there were some bright spots. Outside of the carpet stains and obligatory pinhole burns in the comforter, the room was pretty clean. (Either I missed the poop on the bathroom wall, or just figured Jay was leaving his mark) The bed was fine. And the front desk service was polite. (Oddly, the had a pool table in the "lobby".)Still, avoid this one like the plague. Actually, I would avoid this entire area of Phoenix, or you may very well end up with some type of infectious disease.
