4	This gym sparkles. It's nicely equipped and always seems to have enough room and equipment to go around. The pool is immaculate and they're always checking on it to keep it that way.I think of all the LA Fitness that I've been to it has the friendliest staff. I noted that another reviewer said they were pushy but I've never really felt them to be anything but inviting.
2	I am always amazed and how distracted the employees at the front desk are.  Sometimes they are on a phone call and I always check and all the sales reps are just sitting at their desks with on customers, why cant they take phone calls?  Other times there are 2 employees at the front desk and they are too busy chating to even say hello as I hand them my membership card. What happened to customer service?  If I have a question to ask them I have to stand there staring at them until they finish their conversation with eachother.
1	Well let me first start this review off on how poor the customer service is and the lack of professionalism this store has, my wife initially started her membership when we moved to Goodyear last year in April. We expected our first child so she froze the account. After a year and 3 months after our son was born we moved since I was transferred, she goes into the store today to cancel our membership. The staff member was very pushy and insistent that our account stay frozen till we can rejoin la fitness. Through my work we have a better rate and better overall gym In my opinion. The staff member then told my wife you get what you pay for! So the way I see it you pay more money for pushy staff.  After receiving our documents to cancel which is another pain in its own. They charged us 16.99 again after our initial monthly payment during a frozen account. I called in after I noticed this charge and asked for the general manager, after explaining the situation to him. He proceeded to tell me I need to call back tomorrow and talk to his front desk girl! I'm sorry your the general manager I shouldn't have to talk to your receptionist to know why I was charged extra money! The manager then became defensive and stated I will not discuss job dutys and titles! There is no reason this man should be a general manager if he can't even answer a simple billing information or why I was charged for no reason, he offered no help and told me to call the corporate office! Stay away from this gym there are far better locations out there than this joke of an operation!
5	The best staff in town. From the front desk to the trainers all the way down to the janitors. Place is always clean and the training department is awesome. The one thing it lacks is retaining the trainers. HELLO LA FITNESS pay your staff better and maybe they will stay longer. Other that that I miss my team. Love you guys best of luck.
4	This gym is nice. Usually not overcrowded and they have everything you could want at a gym. They have a pool, basketball court, stationary bike room for group instruction, another group instrucion room used for yoga and aerobics classes, a daycare center for kids and a dry sauna with showers and a nice locker room. The membership fees are very reasonable as well.
1	Been a member since gym opened and it has just gone down hill. Kids throwing a football around the gym at the Entrance inside. Trainer's having inappropriate conversation while on the clock. To bad it use to be a great place to work out.
1	Worst customer service reps I have ever dealt with. They're rude on the phone and on site. About to terminate my membership with them.
3	I had a really bad experience at another gym in town so I was hesitant to join another gym. But with the summer temperatures I didn't want to work out outside and this gym is close to my house. They gym itself is a nice facility and includes a pool and hot tub as well as dry saunas. The only thing I would say is unless you are interested in signing up for personal training skip the complimentary fitness intro because all they do is a hard sell on personal training. The front desk staff can be a little grumpy at times that's why I only gave 3 stars.
