5	I'm a big fan of Leaps. Their frozen custard is wonderful! I enjoy being able to get a small portion because it is good enough that you don't have to eat barrels of it to feel like you've had a good dessert.The atmosphere is very nice. They have tables, but also leather chairs and a comfy couch. Even better, they have FREE WIRELESS INTERNET! Yeah! I've seen everyone there from high school volleyball players to business people making huge financial deals. It's a great spot, especially in the summer.
5	I love Leaps. :-) First, it's locally owned, so when you enjoy a treat at Leap's you are also helping a fellow West Valley resident. Isn't that nice?On Monday morning I enjoyed a fabulous mocha and a delicious whole wheat bagel - toasted with peanut butter ... yum! I went back later that afternoon to pick up a bagel each for my two children. If you have kids, bring them to Leap's! My kids made a bee-line to the "Lily Pad" to write on the chalkboard and play with the books and toys there. Now that I know there is free wireless internet, I plan to return with work and enjoy my coffee while my 4 year old twins entertain themselves in the "Lily Pad."It's on Indian School Road, just east of Dysart.
5	While visiting Arizona a friend took me here to Leaps and I'm glad she did. Hidden in the west side I would have never found it on my own. A very cute coffee shop with a plethora of treats to choose from.  From coffee, custard, and sandwiches its an inviting place that you can take your children too as well as a great place to take friends to catch up.  A much better alternative with a better atmosphere then any Starbucks.  A cute hidden treasure for the west valley
5	When Starbucks and Coldstone Creamery play pretend, they fight over who gets to be Leap's.A lot of people mistake frozen custard for an inferior ice cream product. But the moment you taste that frozen creamy goodness, you'll never look at a carton of Dreyer's the same way again. While they have every add-on imaginable (even pretzels, and I am not kidding), for a first time I suggest just getting a plain flavor, maybe with some syrup. Frozen custard is such a different experience that you have to feel and taste it in the raw. Like Coldstone, Leap's has a selection of default creations. If you don't feel like mix and matching, I recommend anything involving the word "Cookie" or "Cheesecake". Don't be fooled by the small portions. A small cup of frozen custard with broken up treats mixed in is surprisingly filling. Save yourself the extra buck or so and stick with the small and get a coffee. The mocha is like whoa.I've never felt comfortable just "sitting around" in a Starbucks. Everyone is always in such a hurry it just rubs me the wrong way. But man, I could hang out at Leap's all day. Just come in with your laptop, order a sandwich, and just get your browse on. Or bring in a friend and relax on the couch and talk about, I don't know, whatever people talk about while they're drinking coffee and eating frozen treats.
5	This is where Jetta R takes me when I'm having a bad day and no amount of foot-rubs or comic books can appease me. No matter how grumpy I get, one spoonful of cheesecake flavored custard makes my toes wiggle. Apparently it's just ice cream, but mixed with less air so it's thicker and creamier. I don't care how they make it, it's almost better than sex. Frozen treats don't get any more eye-rollingly good. I remember that the girl who served us the first time we went was pregnant. I remember thinking "man, what a sweet fucking job to have when you're pregnant." I have never been served a delicious frozen desert by a happier looking woman. That's the beauty of leaps. It's bliss in a cup. Coldstone wishes it could taste this delicious. But it can't. Because it's not Frozen Custard. Yes, the capitalization is necessary.
4	Who ever came up with the idea to have a coffee and ice cream bar is genius!  How could you not want to hang out on comfy leather sofas eating frozen custard all day?  Especially when you can get free Wifi too.     Leap's offers some amazing topping combinations and has a large variety of topping choices so that you can create the custard treat of your dreams!My custard was a little on the soft side, like ice cream soup, but I'll definitely be going back to try it again.
3	Maybe it is a female thing or a near female thing that the reviews love this place so.Yeah it is fine but I sure did not have an orgasm. So A-Ok is it.
5	Just a quick update to my review ... The ownership of Leap's has changed, though it looks like they are keeping the same look and feel of the place.
5	As Amanda B already updated, Leap's is, indeed, closed down. No explanation was given except that they had violated something in the lease. Notice was dated 11/29/2008. Everything's still inside, like a little ghost store. I could cry. Really, I could. Not even Jetta R's usual wit and charm could cheer me up again. BRING BACK LEAP'S!
3	Recently I saw Leaps custard in an AJs in moon valley....which is odd considering they're closed?.....  Was never a huge fan of their coffee (way strong and never got the same thing made the same way twice....) but the people that worked there were awesome and friendly.  Very sad to see local businesses closing shop, there is indeed a HUGE for lease sign in the window.  (Also odd that its still ghost town in there.....their refridgerated truck is still parked out back!)   I work in Avondale 2 days a week and its really a ghost town out here in general unfortunatly.
