4	Great quick service in a very clean establishment. I have brought donuts to my office at least a dozen times in the last year or two from this store and never been disappointed. They are extremely efficient.I'll keep coming back!
4	I am one of those positive reinforcement types-reward good behavior with a treat!  On the special, rare occasions that I make it to the gym before my work day, I will swing by this Dunkin Donuts for a coconut flavored coffee with cream.  It is island-y good!  The service is super fast, the prices are right, and though you might not be able to get your venti, soy, chai, extra foam, no whip, triple shot, sugar free, extra hot latte...it is a quick, cheap, and reliable way to get your day going (or keep it going....)
4	Remember the good old days when all this place had was coffee and donuts, and that's it? Now the people in here are eating finger sandwiches, there's soup flying around.. What's up with that?I take my Great One (the largest coffee you can order) premixed with milk and sugar served in a large, "I'll keep your coffee hot forever" Styrofoam cup. This place gets busy. Sometimes it is quicker to walk in instead of ordering at the drive though. The chain reaction of events from ordering to picking up at the counter is typically flawless. While it is true I prefer my local barista.. sometimes you just gotta go with a regular, a donut, and enjoy that comfort. Everyone here is really nice too.Take that Starbucks - everyone is tired of your bitter coffee, your socialist, elitist environment where everyone goes there to be seen and drop $4 instead of $2 on a cup of Java, and your presence on every flipping corner. Dunkin doesn't hide the fact you're not coming here for your health - Starbucks can quit it with that - instead of a donut, your getting a piece of cake with just as many calories.. screw that... Welcome to my chain store Java Heaven.
4	Growing up, I remember going to Dunkin Donuts with my parents and it made for such a fun treat! The aroma of sweetness still hits your face as you walk up to the door...mmmmm!This location is conveniently located off of South Blvd. and has a nice drive-thru option. If you go inside, there are just a few tables and it's a tad small. However, you still get a front row view of all the delicious donuts on display from wherever you're standing. If you're not a huge donut fan, no problem! They also offer bagels, breakfast sandwiches, and wraps! I had no idea they branched out with options...nice. If you are missing  your childhood, Dunkin Donuts will take you back...go give it a try!
3	The service was fast, and the donuts were delicious!I'm a total sucker for the ice coffee, it's creamy and delicious... and I can add whatever flavor I want for a reasonable price!It's a little tricky to get out the parking lot, because it's right off South Blvd, but totally worth it once you get in!I'm sure to be back!
4	Just like Homer Simpson, I am a big fan of the donuts.  Doooooooooonnnnnuuuuuttttssssss.   This Dunkin is conveniently located near my office at the corner of South and Tyvola, and although it can be a bit of a pain to get in and out of, you have several choices for entry/exit that you can choose from so you can be on your way with your sugar goodness quickly.  This location also has a drive-thru which makes it super easy to grab a sack of munchkins with a cup o' joe and be on your way.DD has great coffee... either hot, cold or blended - always tasty and a great perk for the morning or day.  I have come through and gotten donuts, munchkins, muffins and bagels and have always had fresh items.  I have also had their breakfast sandwiches and they are quite good as well.  Great selection of many different items and flavors.
3	Iced coffee isn't just for summer. It's a must have 12 months out of the year.. warm or cold weather.I must say... it is refreshing to know that there is a Dunkin' Donuts in this city that does know how to operate properly. My go-to DD for years has been the uptown location. Ever been there? Holy disaster. If there isn't a line out the door, then it's a wrong order or a homeless person accosting you on the walk back to your car.Bonus: this South Blvd shop has a drive-thru. Who has two thumbs and goes in her pajamas because of that fact? This girl. Who would still go inside in her pajamas if the drive-thru didn't exist? This girl.Getting in and out can be nightmare depending on the time of day. Seems like there is no great time to be driving on South Blvd anymore. Workers are nice, quick and so far scoring a 100% in correct orders for me. Keep it up guys!
5	This is the only place that gets my coffee right every time
