2	The Mediterranean place that closed down has morphed into  Siam Oishi a Japanese - Thai, the best thing I can say about it is the bikes parked outside from the Ducati shop improve the view.  I've only had one meal here but it's not likely to get a recommendation to the people at work. I kinda hate that I kick off with a negative review  but  this isn't that cheap a place for the quality of food I received. I had lunch bento 4 chicken katsu. This comes in a plastic bento tray, salad, rice, katsu and a couple of slices of orange. You also get miso soup which was pretty poor and the dashi base was rather too much like a chicken stock with little flavor in the supporting ingredients . ( Zen Sushi spoils us)  The Katsu was apparently fried more than once, with an intermediate cooling period, was really fat laden and is readily beaten at  Ono's, or to be frank any order of katsu i've had in the last, oh lifetime.  It wasn't white it was saturated with oil for that nice yellow color. We have too many good places  around $9 at lunch, Saigon nites,  Thai House and Indian paradise  (on a good day) to make this part of the lunch rotation.
4	I admit I would not have tried the place without their "50% off the bill" coupon but we did eat there last night.  Only one other table had guests so that may explai why our service was so attentive.  Pat, whose family owns the place, could not have been more pleasant and enjoyable.  The food came out in a timely way.  The sushi was wonderful.  The rolls were presented in a beautiful way and each had it's own little special twist that made them stand out from other modestly priced competitors.  The Tom kar soup was very good but could have used a little more coconut milk.  it was a VERY generous bowl for a very reasonable price.  The rice paper spring rolls were unique and delicious and came with a warm peanut sauce for dipping.  The three rolls were cut into nice pices so each piece was mouth-sized.  Except for the too dimply lit room and the feel of a Subway sandwich place converted to a Thai/Japanese eatery it was great.  It will definitely be on our list of regular places to go for mid-week grazing.  can't wait to try some of the many other interesting sounding dishes.
4	Tonight was our second visit and it was even better than the first.  Glad to see the place was very full.  Hope it continues if they stop running their coupons.  Ginger salmon was very good.  Miso soup was served in a large bowl and for $1.50 is pretty amazing.  They are even able to modify it so it is strictly vegetarian.  They are VERY accomodating.  Pat stopped by our table to refill drinks more times than we could count.  Even with one server we never felt neglected and the food came out promptly.  Spicy tuna roll was excellent.  Other sushi was also very good.  The most amazing part is that having only been there once before Pat remembered us.  She even guessed that I was one who wrote a Yelp review.  She really takes pride in knowing her customers.  It's definitely on my list to talk up at work and elsewhere.  Wish they'd increase the lighting a little more since it's very dimly lit.  Except for the spring roll which we had on our first visit, all items tonight were different from the last time and we look forward to trying even more items from their menu on the next visit.
5	Back again last night for a third time.  I love it when a restaurant can accomodate us by modifying an item.  The Grilled Chicken soup was converted to a strictly vegetarian version and the bowl was HUGE.  My wife finished it because it is favorite thing to eat.  They added tofu and changed the broth to a miso-like broth.  Mmmmmm!  It had numerous pieces of fish cake.  Great udon noodles and loaded with vegetables.  The sushi was good as always.  And Pat makes you feel like you're an old friend.  We always leave happy.
2	I should have known that this place wasn't going to be very good the second I walked in. The place smelled a little off, the miso soup tasted like dishwater, the yellowtail was old and fishy, and the beef yakisoba was way overcooked. The only good part of the meal was the waitress was nice, but the food was not good at all.
3	This is a great place to get lunch if you work in the area. Tons of lunch specials for under $7. I got a meal with sushi, soup, salad, orange slices, and egg rolls. The waitress was extremely nice and helpful! I will go back soon!
1	Out of business
