3	I've been here a number of times. The food isn't incredible but it also isn't bad and the location cannot be beat. I love their salads and my sisters & I hung out in the bar and had a great night one cold, wintry day.
1	If you are in the mood for rude service, from a manager nonetheless, then this is the place for you. We had a party of 12 come here for dinner. We ordered food (not that great), appetizers and plenty of drinks. On their menu, it clearly says that drinks with double alcohol are $8, which we thought was quite the deal. So two friends of mine had two drinks, with double alcohol each. Totalling 4. Still with me? Good. So when the bill came, you'd think the two drinks per person would be $16 each. No. They neglect to tell you that it's $8 per alcohol shot, not the entire drink. So those two drinks ended up costing a hefty $32 per person! When this was brought up to the waitress, she brought over the manager who was a rude little french troll. He was sarcastic, loud and didn't know what it meant to please the customer. After explaining why we were charged that much, he just wouldn't listen to our explanation of how deceiving their menu is when it comes to that drink special. It just didn't get into his thick skull. At one point, sarcastically he said "what do you want me to do, call the owner at home and have him come explain this to you?". Fellow yelper Lourdes W. gave him a piece of her mind saying how rude he was being and that he had no tact. He needed to address his customer's concerns in a respectful manner and appease us since we spent quite alot of money with a party of 12. This shut him up and we decided to just pay the bill and leave. For sure my friend will be calling their credit card to contest the charge. Say what you want about America and it's customer service skills, but something like this would have never happened in the states. Our economy may be in the gutter and our crime rate may be increasing but pleasing the customer at restaurants is something that is always honored wherever you go. Stay away from this dump.
3	I liked eating here better than Ommega, but again, the choice of eating here was dictated by our restrictions: my friends and I needed to eat somewhere pretty close to the conference hotel, wasn't pricey, serve us pretty quickly, and we could sit outside on one of the rare days where we had sun. This whole Sainte-Catherine's area is a bit of a tourist trap, which I try to avoid was a general rule. If you are stuck here, having lunch at Boccacino's isn't bad.I ordered the Greek style burger, which was a pretty tasty seasoned beef patty inside a pita with red pepper sauce. It was part of the lunch menu deal, so I also got soup (some kind of Campbell's vegetable soup) and a salad. All for about $15 Canadian dollars. Pretty tasty and reasonable deal. Based upon the other comments that Yelpers made, uh, don't order the alcoholic drinks.
3	If you are looking for excellent wine and delicious food, this is NOT the place to be. However if you just want to hang out with your friends/family over a few drinks, especially on the patio downtown Montreal, THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE!!!Oh, and they serve white sangria!!! This is my fave!!!!
2	I would not go to this restaurant again. Although the restaurant itself is cozy and the staff was friendly, I found the service to be slow and the food was not great at all. I also remember the place being a tad bit pricy for what they gave you. When it came time for dessert, our small group of three asked for a dessert menu, and they didn't have one. We were asked to walk over to the dessert display counter to look at the desserts we might want to order. We walked across the restaurant and behold, the dessert display was behind a table where other customers were sitting and eating. We could not see a thing, nor did we want to ask other customers to get off their seats so we can see the dessert display. We ended up not ordering any dessert, and left without a great experience.
1	Me and my lady went here new year's day because there were not too many places open.  We got seated right away, but then waited 20 minutes until someone aknowledged us.  Couldn't even flag anyone down because they stuck us in the corner.  This was same for 2 other couples that got seated near us.Finally ordered drinks and food...30 minutes later food came; it was not appealing at all and way overpriced.  Burger was gray all the way through and hard.  salad was drenched with dressing.  Everyone sitting in our vacinity were aggravated and some got up and left.I asked for the bill; it took another 15 minutes to get that.  Then I waited for the waitress to come back to make change so that I didn't have to leave her a tip.Here's a tip for anyone considering going to Boccacino's... Don't bother.If I can stop one person from eating here, then this review was a success!
2	Sangria was yummyfood was meh... service was average.. Not memorable enough to return - especially in a city full of amazing brunch restaurants.
3	"Mike, let's go there, it looks like your last name!""I HATE YOU GUYS SO MUCH"walking around in Montreal in the late afternoon after drinking sangria by our hotel pool = HUNGER STRIKES...but grabbing a Snickers was not a sufficient option.we eventually stumbled upon this place after perusing a ton of restaurants in the area. group consensus came about due to this tripod of factors:1) prices looked good.2) outdoor eating and drinking is imperative.3) these waitresses are gorgeous. food was pretty good. I ordered something called fettucini Campobasso. my family's from Campobasso, but I've never heard of this dish, and neither has my family when I mentioned it to them upon my return to New York. I substituted grilled chicken in for shrimp since I'm not really a seafood guy. big plate of pasta, grilled chicken, and spinach in a cream sauce topped with bacon. THIS PLEASES THE PHANTOM.service-wise, it was pretty good for a busy night (Tuesdays are busy in Canada? bizarro world!) but could have been a bit better. also, our waitress was not very knowledgeable about the beers on hand. admittedly, I don't know too much about Canadian beers, but I at least know the difference between wheat/white/red/dark/IPA. ah well, I doubt this was her fault.outdoor seating is great. you're right off a main street so it's busy but not crowded. crowd was mostly in their 20s and 30s.
3	we were visiting Montreal and our local friends took us to Bocaccino for dinner.I like the location - it's right downtown but it's at the end of a not very busy street so sitting on the patio is comfortable and nice.the hostess informed us in advance that they have seats but the wait time for the orders will be around 20min so we were ready for the wait.the food was good. not something extraordinary but good and yummy. and the veg options very plenty.the best was the service. our waiter Raffi was attentive and humorous. he was joking around and it made our day=)
1	Perhaps the worst so-called Italian food I have ever eaten.
2	So we didn't exactly search this place out on Yelp and select it based on reviews -- we went because of its proximity to our office at PVM.We had takeout, with dishes ranging from the fish to a pasta to a steak sandwich.  All were decent, but none were spectacular.  I'd order again for takeout when working late, but wouldn't come here as a hangout after work or on the weekend.
2	Decor and location are the only amazing thing.... Food is not really great and service is so so, I have been there a couple times only because it is convinient, they really need to innovate with the menu, there is no wow factor, everything is decent but very plain
2	Meh...I have been here a few times, brunch, dinner and just for desserts.  Nothing to write home about food wise, but the service isn't that great either.The dinner is bland.  I ordered the asian chicken salad, and it was definitely overpriced for what is presented.  The dressing is a peanut dressing and it comes on the side, so I guess you can say it is a healthy option, since the salad isn't drowning in dressing.The desserts are actually relatively good, compared to the rest of the menu.  Also, the location on McGill and the big terrasse add to the pluses.However, service here is very slow.  Every time I come here it takes forever to be acknowledged by our server.  So fair warning, it will be awhile before they take your order.
1	Wow does Yelp offer 0 stars. I didn't get a chance to even see the food but based on the other reviews I am probably not missing much. This is my first time in Montreal I flew up for the weekend from Virginia. I had a 3 am flight and arrived here around noon and was extremely hungry. After walking around I noticed this place and walked in. My girlfriend and I walked into a busy atmosphere and a couple of guys behind us walked in as well. The hostess was working on getting a table for a woman in front of us and completely took off before acknowledging we had walked in. Then to make room I walked closer to the hostess desk and another woman walked up and the d-bags behind me started speaking French and the woman wrote them down. They didn't even tell the woman I was there first.  So then she proceeds to not know how to speak English which is be of the two languages of this country. While the real hostess was being useless this woman misspelled my name as she was taking my information and I told her I was here before those two guys and she said no I wasn't. What a piss poor manager place and I dare the manager or owner to contact me so I can tell him how rude is staff is at the door. If you are traveling avoid this place like the plague. I'm sure Montreal has plenty to offer and even though so d-bags have already ruined my experience here even though us Americans can be rude we still know our place and don't treat tourist like sh*t.
3	Aaaaaah I'm so confused....very glad I didn't look up these reviews before I went!Walked by looking for a place that was open, and stumbled upon this place downtown.  Menu seemed fine.  At first, the hostess put us at terrible seats near two really little kids, but we asked to be moved and we were, to a much better choice.  We wanted to watch football and the waiter changed the screens without any fuss.Had the minestrone soup - good portion, nice and hot.  A little spice to it.  Then had the "quattro" pizza - usually that means one quarter is just mushrooms, one is peppers, etc.  But this was actually four separate real pizza-types -- one quarter had goat cheese and proscutto!  My mojito was WAY overpriced ($10? not worth it) and the bathrooms are really far and really gross, but otherwise I thought everything was pretty decent.
4	The spaghetti bolo was good but if you really want the tast then you need to ask for a lot of cheese on the top of it . The staff is nice and smiling . The nouille Thai with crevettes are amazing ... And of course tasty !!!The ginger drinks got more ice than tast too .... so go fo a coca light halpf ice
1	Was my fourth visit to their outside deck conveniently located in the center of the city. Saturday evening at 7:00pm, Service was non-existent , the reason was the wait staff was drinking and partying inside, outside on the deck and on the sidewalk! Drinking beer and doing "shots" at the tables with other patrons !! Doing shots from table to table. They were rude and loud and obviously drunk. I waited for a menu, waited for a long time for dinner to be served. Our waitress said she would check on our meal, but we watched her and she never did. Finally it arrived, standard fare nothing special. But the drunken non caring wait staff was apalling!!
1	I wish I had read the reviews first. We were starving and craving Italian. This is not that. The steak my son got was good. But that was all. The service was ok but the food took forever. If we had been in the US, I would have complained but I didn't want to be the typical ugly American. I should have. Avoid at all costs. .
1	This place was unbelievable poor in regards to service. I have yet to ever sit down in a busy restaurant for a lunch service, read the menu, choose a dish, feed my 9 month daughter, clean up and leave and not once have one staff member come by take our order.
4	Amazing breakfast, the portions are good and taste is great.. The chocolate strawberry crepe as too much strawberry and less chocolate, they would need to switch that combo to make it tastier..the waitresses were very helpful
1	Bad service. Poor quality food. I ordered the trio sliders which was over cooked and tasteless.
3	The food that I had was really good. I got the Chicken Penne Pesto and my friend got the fruit de mar. Mine was delicious and my friend also loved his dish. The only downside was that two of the mussels on his seafood plate were closed (as in you cannot eat them because they're poisonous). If he had not known that, he could have gotten really sick. Also it was not as if the chef could have missed the closed mussels as they were carefully placed around the edge of his plate. The service was also pretty slow but not excruciatingly bad. Overall it was good and I actually would come here again (my dish was Delish)
1	I went in for breakfast, as they were one of the few open this early on a weekend morning. Walking in, the ambience is very nice. However, this is as much compliments I can give. I ordered a standard breakfast (eggs, toast, sausages, and potatoes). First off, service is slow. It took around 15 minutes to get my food, and it was not busy this early in the morning. The toast was burnt. The eggs were still a bit raw. The hash browns were just a pile of grease. The sausages were bland. All the while, no one offered a refill of my coffee. Lastly, the price I paid for this is absolutely overpriced. Honestly, I would much prefer going to IKEA, spending a dollar for breakfast and expecting mediocre, instead of my experience here.
3	I came here for breakfast with our friend's family's recommendation. Overall the food was okay and service was pretty good. I ordered the Victorian Crapes with strawberries and Nutella. Again food was good but I felt hungry after finishing my dish. Wish I ordered extra crape. My friend's Benedict looked more filling, she liked it okay but not the best, she said. It was good place for us to have breakfast that day as place was pretty empty so we were able to stay as long as we wanted, without being rushed.
1	I went there twice in a week with clients because of its location and the fact that I really like their salads, on both days I had to send my food back because there was a hair in it. First time on the cheesecake , and the second time in the salad. It's a definte must avoid for me now.
4	We chose this restaurant, despite being in a very touristy area, because we wanted something reliable when we were very hungry. Very happy with the menu selection and the food! The servers were very nice as well.
2	I went here at 8 pm on a Monday night and the place was practically empty, which I never consider to be a good sign. The service was fine, but I would have expected nothing less, given how few people were in the restaurant.Monday night football was playing on several big screen TVs, which I thought was interesting, because at first glance Boccacino doesn't come across as a sports bar.I ordered the Pizza Italiano. It was very average, basically only a half step above what you might get at a take-out pizza place. Plus, the crust got soggy about halfway through. I can make pizza equal or better to it at home. Also, the bread they served before the meal wasn't very fresh. Montreal has so many amazing restaurants in the same price range as this place - don't waste your money here.
