5	Think superlative food -- smoked pork hock, sticky browned succulent pig tails, Weiner schnitzel and ribs -- washed down or slowly savoured with house-brewed Bavarian style beer. If you are not a swine lover, no worries, they also serve beef, chicken, and seafood (the trout dinner is another tried-and-trusted good dish) Friendly and prompt service, despite sometimes seemingly large crowd.
3	the smocked pig hock wasnt as good as it used to be. now it's mainly just salty... :(
3	Man this place has been around FOREVER. I remember going here as a kid.Smoked pork hocks, ribs, schnitzle are their specialties. Have never tried the fish.  This place used to be really good, now it's just OK. The pork hocks are salty and not fantastic.. but there are bus loads of Asian folks coming in from Toronto as apparently there are no smoked pork hocks in Toronto the staff say? This place is an old tavern.. the beer is good but I won't go out of my way to return. It's just not what it used to be, unfortunately.  If you are in the area though, I would stop in and check it out. It's definitely a staple in the area, although doesn't sound like many locals go there anymore.
1	We are repeating customers but tonight is a game-changer.  We just left this restaurant after the most horrible service ever experienced.  This hostess (a heavy-set man with glasses and white hair) need to go back to school to learn how to serve customers.  We arrived at the restaurant with a baby and was told the baby took up too much space and were told to quickly finish up our meal and leave.  We wanted to change to a bigger table but was not allowed.  Only when we talked to another server did we change our table.  Afterwards he came back and told us that we cannot have this table and have to move back to original table.  I asked him what the problem was as we also ordered a meal for our baby.  He then told us to shut up, quickly finish eating, and leave.This is truly unacceptable service in this day in age.  The good taste of the food has unfortunately be ruined by this horrible experience.  Definitely will not return and we will tell all our friends and family the same.
1	Horrible service. If I can choose zero star, I would. My family was assigned to a small table by this hostess (male, white hair, glasses, with big belly) which was barely enough to fit those of us that was there at the time. When extra people arrived, we changed to another table after asking one of the female waitress if we could do so or not. She had no problem giving us a bigger table. When he found out about the switch, he freaked out and came to our table and say that we are such a big group now and is now blocking his other tables. This did not end there, he came back two more times with more comments on why we should not have changed table without asking. The problem I have was that he was very rude and jump into conclusion without understanding the details. For this case, he could have asked if we change without consulting anyone who was working there before he make a big scene out of it.On the third time he approach our table, he said that if we don't like it, we can leave. Considered our food just arrived when he approach our table, I told another waitress that if he ask us to leave, we would. But, don't expect me to pay anything as I did not have my meal yet.Following that he came back another time telling us that he did not ask us to leave. Honestly, by now it is meaningless to try to fix the situation. He should learn not to piss off customers to begin with regardless if they are right or wrong.
1	We used to come here every time we visited the nearby St. Jacobs market. The services was really good 5-10 years ago. I was shocked by the abhorable service the last time we dined here. The man with the white hair was our server and he was extremely rude. First, he did not acknowledge my party's presence for more than 10 minutes at the door when the place was not even full. He then ushered us to one of the seats and ignored us for another 15 minutes before coming by to take our order. Worst of all, he got our orders wrong, and when we told him that we ordered vegetables instead of fries, he rudely retorted that we should either take it or leave it, or get the hell out. First of all, it was not my mistake that he got the order wrong, because frankly, he should have written it down instead of going by memory. Second, the food itself was not as good as it used to be, the pig tails and pork hock are bland and unappetizing. I don't know what's keeping this restaurant running besides the strange influx of Chinese visitors. After this horrible experience, I will never go back or recommend this place to anyone, even if it's during Oktoberfest.
2	Nothing special and not worth the long drive all the way out there. Myself and another guest had the fish 'n' chips, which tasted like a frozen, breaded piece of fish from a store-bought Highliner box of fish. It certainly was not fresh.The side of onion rings was huge, but those too seemed as if they were frozen and store-bought, and many of them were burnt and cooked in old fryer oil.Fries tasted frozen and/or pre-cooked.The atmosphere was nice and what you'd expect.It took 3 servers before one would finally take an order, because the first two would say "sure I'll take your order" then "oh! Just a second..." and wander off to another table.In sum: stay in the city and you'll find better food with a better price and better service.
2	The pork hocks were the only things I enjoyed here. They were tender, not too salty, the flavour was good and the portions were huge.But the atmosphere of the restaurant wasn't great, and the sides were awful- frozen vegetables, instant mashed potatoes, canned soups... etc. I'm sure it was all processed and pre-made/ store-bought.Service was alright, not the greatest.
4	The smoked pork hock was huge that I could barely finish it.  Also tried the pig tails in which the fat literally melts in your mouth. The dishes were leaning on the salty side but still tasty. Service was alright.
