5	Neopolatin pizza with new twists and the classics. Burrata mozzarella is nice and creamy fresh! You can tell how high quality all the ingredients are and the dough is top notch. Yet another restaurant that proves Vegas is a pizza town!
2	I came here to have lunch with my boyfriend. We ordered cheese pizza with sausage and a Caesar salad. I'm not really a fan of Margherita pizza  and the mozzarella didn't cover all of the sauce, so I asked for some more graded cheese. I don't know if the graded cheese was the cause, but our entire pizza fell apart. The crust was edible and delicious, and this place has potential to be the new custom built, considering it's closing, but ALL of the cheese fell off, and the crust under the cheese seemed half cooked. It was very greasy and soggy other than the crust :(
3	Was really looking forward to trying this place and was sorta let down. Ordered the Bianca and a pepperoni. The pizza flopped over when we folded it and and the crust was so thin it got a hole through it. Pizza had good flavor though. Salad I had the dressing was really strong. Nothing I would run back to
5	This place is awesome! Great atmosphere and fresh ingredients. The food was delicious and at good prices!! Customer service is on point!! Everything is made to order. You literally watch them put your pizza together and tell them what toppings you want. This place is great, defiantly a place to check out and return too! Good job!!
5	Great pizza fast and efficient service we will be back!!!We got the margarita pizza and pizza zuccaLoved it all
3	Very unorganized. Workers should just focus on one customer until moving onto the next. Ordered a margherita pizza with some extra toppings $1.50 extra each and it was ok, really nothing special.
2	Well...It took about 25 minutes to get my pizza because, even though I paid for it, no one ever made it. The manager apologized and offered free dessert. The pizza itself...is close but not great. The product was very wet and all the ingredients slipped off the dough. For the price, once they get out the kinks and make the product, this place will be decent. However, they're nowhere near there.
5	Came here to try some real Neapolitan pizza and I wasn't disappointed! The pizza is made right in front of you and the staff even helps recommend items.  Very friendly staff and knowledgeable. Will be back for more!
1	I had high hopes for this place. The staff was so friendly but unfortunately the food was terrible. everything about it was horrible: flavor, texture, presentation, etc. The salad was good enough that we ate it after we threw out the pizza.
4	Great service and the pizza was good. They made the pizza in front of me and the staff was super friendly.  I was a little suprised by the price but everything was great.
4	Ever since the first time I've tried Neapolitan Pizza a few years back, I've been addicted.   Normally I'm not an "eat the crust" kind of guy, but with good pizza, I'll do it.   800 degrees delivered for me!   I like the fact that you can add on different toppings to their selections, and you can see it being made right before you.   My wife started with the white pizza and added caramelized onions, bacon, and roasted garlic.   I had the Napoletana and added fresh Mozz to mine.   The service (the folks making the pizza) was a little slow, but the joint had only been open for 2 weeks prior.   However they should've brought out more staff to help accommodate the quickly growing line.   In any case, in went our pizzas and out in less than 2 minutes.  Super quick, super fresh, and super good!   The ingredients were good, although like most Neapolitan Pizzas, the ingredients are scarce.   I loved the crust though, just wished there was more cheese and capers.   Nonetheless, we had a great pizza and a great experience.
3	I like the Monte Carlo location better, the pizza was executed better. I ordered a white pie with arugula, cherry tomatoes, and caramelized onions. Like others have said, the pizza toppings slide off once you pick up a slice. The pizza was too flimsy and not properly executed. They season the white pie with minced garlic, olive oil, and salt. When I bit into the pizza all I tasted was olive oil and no seasoning. This pizza has the potential to be really good but the person making it needs to know the ratio of ingredients that work in order to give the pizza flavor and make the crust hold up better.
5	Came in the other night for some pizza before the club. It was really good. Rodney, the guy behind the glass was really cool too. He suggested the meatballs with the pizza and It was the right choice! Pizza was out in about 2 mins. Great time and food!
5	Great pizza! Came here on a whim. I know this place is opening in pasadena, CA, and have been wanting to try it. Their toppings are great, as well as their variety of specialty pizzas.
4	Love it. Came here first time and had good experience. Very clean and very nice. Introduce how can we order the pizza with many options. Love the atomosphere here. It's very tasty and the salad is good.
4	Get the Tartufo pizza!!  It is sooo good!  It's truffle cheese, mushrooms, roasted garlic, and arugula.  A lot of people were ordering a pizza for each person in their party, but one pizza was more than enough for two of us girls.  (It's comparable to a personal size pizza at Grimaldi's, which is smaller than a small.)  The Caesar salad was good too and the small was enough for the both of us.  They've got gelato too but you can pass on the gelato.  What does it take to get some good dessert at SLS? :pFor those who have never been here before, the ordering system is like that of Subway.  You stand in line and place your pizza order, and as you walk down, before you pay at the register, you can place an order for salad/appetizers.  For those with a sweet tooth there is a separate counter/register where you can order gelato.  There is a drinks/condiments/silverware area, and you pick you seat, and leave your plates for the workers to bus.  Be prepared for the food line to move slowly and the pizza to take a little bit of time to cook.  While you're waiting, look up at the ceiling - you'll see some interesting scenes :)  I wasn't planning on eating here, but the rainy weather prompted us to stay and eat at the hotel.  I'm glad we ended up at 800 Degrees - the food turned out to be delicious!
1	Rip off 8 dollars a beer!  Seriously not kidding!  Insane!  Truly beyond belief!  Pizzas also very overpriced!
4	800 degrees is in the new SLS hotel.we checked in and were starving. we ordered two pizzas (pesto and meat lovers) and a salad to carry out and eat at the pool. the food was quick (considering they make it in a wood fired oven), delicious, and piping hot. a little on the pricier side for pizza but none of the food in the SLS is cheap. they packed it up really nicely with utensils and cups of parmesean and hot pepper sauce.
5	This was delicious!! Margarita with ham pepperoni sopressata pineapples and peppadews, Francisco you really know your stuff!! Thanks for the help it was phenomenal!! See ya next time, FORK AND KNIFE IT!! :)
2	Pizza was not cooked enough, crust was completely soggy and mushy in the middle. Took forever to make my friends salad. At least it was a cute atmosphere and they had a decent beer selection.
5	This place has the most awesome pizza ever. I come here at least twice a week. Sometimes twice in one night. I actually prefer their dough over any that I've had in Naples or anywhere else. Chewy and crispy at the same time. It's also great that you can get any pizza you want for a reasonable price. This place is straight out of eat, prey, love except the chicks at the sls are hot.
4	Staying at SLS we had only a couple of restaurant, and having this place open so late is the best thing!! I had their pizza twice during my 3 day stay. First time I had the margarita pizza with pepperoni and mushroom. The second time I had the verde (pesto) with gorgonzola cheese and chicken. They were both amazing but I kinda liked the pesto one a little more. The concept is very unique. You go down the line and chose your "base" which is the sauce. Then you can choose from their specialty menus which has toppings pre-selected of you can just pick your own. The open up a ball of dough right in front of you, and they dont use pre-shredded mozzarella. They use fresh mozzarella balls and tear it up and put it on the pizza right then and there. It takes some time to bake of course but its really good pizza and hits the spot!!! You can easlly get a pizza for less than 10 bucks. Its a personal pizza and i polished mine off in one sitting but for the light eater, 2 people can easily share 1 pizza.Very good!
5	Great pizza and salad!  Wine on tap!  Lol.  Fast friendly service.  Great prices!  Kids loved it!
4	I don't know how much I can say about this place.  It was your average good Neapolitan style pizza.  Cooked in an oven for about 7-8 minutes and served hot and fresh.I got the Pollo which was Chicken, Carmelized Onion and Gorgonzola.  I added red sauce because it comes with nothing normally.  I recommend it!
2	I'm a local, and live not far from SLS. The pizza and salad I enjoyed was really very good in quality. The experience was just taken down several notches by the disorganized staff and simply lengthy process getting the food. It's not all that obvious what you should do when you walk in. There's a couple of people making pizzas that logically looks like you might need to order there. The first register is apparently where you're supposed to order but you'd never know that until you're told. There was no staff member at the second register for a good 5 minutes and the beer I wanted was out.
4	Chopped salads are yummmmmy. Perfectly dressed (not overbearing like most places) and the large is literally enough to feed 4. The pizza is super crispy and fresh.
1	Worst pizza ever.... Soggy and people working there have no personality.  Excited to have pizza but not when the toppings dall off and its soggy
2	I've never had a pizza that falls apart from the center as you pick up a slice. The quality of the veggies and outer crust was good, but the heart and soul of the pizza (the center with the yummy toppings) was a disaster that couldn't be eaten unless you like to spoon your pizza off the box. Gross!!They get 2 stars for making the pizza look/smell good, having good service and a decent salad.No I won't be giving them a second try.
3	Good fast thin pizza, got to sit outside. Only 15.00 nothing great but no compliant either
2	The Skinny: fall apart pies with soggy middles and really odd tasting Caesar salad(2) service: counter service...make sure they give you a ticket after you order your pizza and salad. They missed our salad so we had to wait to get it. (2), value: although the ingredients are good, the crust just doesn't hold up. Throw in a horrible Caesar, I'd pass on this place. (2)FYI- they serve Pepsi products here in a sleek, small digital soda machine.This joint tries to make thin crust Settobello-type pizza in a counter service environment. You line up at the pizza making line, design your masterpiece or choose a specialty pie, order your salad/appetizers. After that, they print you a ticket which you give to the register. At the register, you order your drinks and wait for your order to be fired. They call your number when the pizza is ready. They have water cups, small plates, utensils, napkins and small boxes for leftovers on a side counter where you help yourself.This is the type of pizza that doesn't hold up well so be aware and eat it at the restaurant and do not get it to go.The hubs wanted to create his own pizza and I warned him not to go overboard with ingredients. Like 2 toppings is probably the maximum you want to get. He insisted on the marinara (all sauce with garlic and oregano) with ricotta, sausage and mushroom. As the pizza maker loaded the pizza with 2 large scoops of sauce, this was a disaster in the making. The pizza was horribly soggy in the middle while the garlic was not evenly distributed in the pizza so you ended up with mouthful of garlic. The sausage and mushrooms were bland too. Textural violation number 1 of the night.Okay, shame on us for making a bad pizza. But for the Tartufo, I expected them to make a quality product as it is their specialty pie. Again, terribly soggy pizza, greasy as hell from the excess amount of olive oil - literally dripping down my hand as I am trying to eat it. There are too much toppings for such a thin crust and it totally does not hold up. Ugh! Textural violation number 2 of the night. Flavorwise, this one was okay but nothing special. The truffle was a bit understated while eating the pizza.There are 2 problems because the pizzas were fired correctly (anymore, the crust would be burnt). Either the crust is the issue or it is too much toppings. My vote goes to the amount of toppings because the edge of the crust was fine.The Caesar was horrible. Probably the worst Caesar I've had in a long time. There was a very weird fruity aroma that permeated throughout the salad. I think maybe it is the type of cheese they used. Or maybe some other elements from another salad got mixed in. Whatever it was, it was very off putting. I didn't taste any garlic or anchovies in the dressing at all. The red leaf lettuce they threw in became limp quickly from the acidity of the dressing and having too much dressing. Textural violation number 3 -it's a hat trick!End of the story, I am glad we got to try it as a half priced local deal. Full price I would have been mad. Skip this joint. You can get better quality pizza and salad elsewhere for a better value. (2 starred review)
2	OK, so here's a place that tries to make Neapolitan Pizza with the convenience of a drive thru or better said walk through, picking your own toppings, which given the fact that the pizza takes about 90 minutes to bake sounds like a great idea.Beyond that things start to fall apart, I want to specify that this review is for those that know and love the taste of authentic Neapolitan Pizza, if you're the type of person that orders take out from Domino's then don't bother reading this review.Going back to the place above the first thing that put me off is how the ingredients are preserved reminding me of Subway, staff is pretty bored looking nothing that would hint that your pizzaiolo is a master at what he does, for those of you who know, there's a lot going on before that dough hits the oven.However I like to point out that the dough came actually cooked almost to perfection however the middle was soggy and watery which is a big no no and the taste of the ingredients a far cry from what you'd expect in a Neapolitan pizza place.So far I am yet to find a place to match the first and best Neapolitan Pizza in town, those of you who are fans know who I'm talking about, I don't want others to think I am doing any sort of advertising here, there a couple of other spots that come close but the place above it's not it.
1	I came here with high expectations. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. I was quickly greeted by a nice girl with pigtail braids who took my food order. I ordered both the Margarita pizza and the Sausage & Pepper pizza. I found the pizzas reasonably priced for Vegas, although the soda being almost $5 seemed a little high. The Very low quality of pizza is what gives this place only ONE-Star. I found the pizza to be soggy in the middle. The sauce was not to my liking either. It reminded me of the stuff in the spaghetti-o can.  Overall, I found the pizza absolutely nasty. I tossed out most of it. I wont be checking this place out again.
5	Love the Piccante and Sausage and Peppers pizzas that we had tonight. Great crust, quality ingredients. We also had the Burrata cheese and beets. Very nice. Good addition to the Las Vegas pizza scene.
5	Time for my review of this place as I feel it deserves my review since becoming a regular here. My first time here I was hungry for just a slice or two of pizza and ordered the margarita pizza thinking the menu price was per slice. To much of my pleasant surprise it was for a whole individual personal pie!! I love how you get to choose a great array of top ingredients such as truffles. I'm a huge fan of truffles. Whenever I come here (average 3 times a week now) I always order the pizza with truffle oil truffle salt and truffle cheese. The aroma from the oil when added to the food just brings out the flavors. One choice i always get is their truffle cheese bread. A huge portion big enough to satisfy a foodie like me who loves leaving a restaurant full and happy. The staff here from the pizza makers to cashiers and managers have all been very friendly and accommodating especially once they've gotten to know me and see me come by many times. Plus one of the girl pizza makers is hot and cute . It was also very nice of Kenny (I believe he was a manager) to have bought me a pistachio gelato, thanks Kenny. This place is so good I encouraged all my local and visiting friends to come try out their food and the response from them were all positive all of them said they enjoyed it so much they came back for another 2 or more times. One friend of mine who I kept insisting they try their food kept hesitating so I bought her several pizzas and a truffle cheese bread for her and she is now a regular like me. That's how much I believe in their menu items that I was more than happy and willing to just pay for it all. Now on a separate note I was there last night and tried the side of meatballs with my main order and was a bit disappointed in that selection. Felt that it was not worth the $7 for a few tiny bites but no worries I just won't order it again the pros of their food makes me still come here regularly. To all the staff here reading this thank you for everything and keep up the great work. I want to see you guys stick around for years and years. And to the cute woman pizza maker ...... "Hey there ..... "
3	I love the Westwood location in LA. It's fast, clean, and efficient. This location is none of the above. I went 2 times during my stay at the SLS and each time the food was decent but they never had enough workers. One worker kept putting on gloves to make the pizzas, when wearing the gloves while ringing orders into the computer system. She also used a dirty rag to wipe down the preparation area - all while wearing gloves. What's the point of the gloves?!?!
4	Date & Time:  Friday November 14, 2014 @ 2amScene:  Groups of Guys in Fitted ShirtsMusic:  EDMDecor:  Black, White, Red Pizzeria w. ChalkBoard Walls, Red Leather BoothsService:  Friendly GuysImbibe:  Vanilla, Cherry, Strawberry ColaDevour:  Neapolitan PizzaTotal:  $20
5	What can I say. Pizza and a salad. They do a great job with it. I have tried it before in Westwood once and it was just as good as I remember.
4	My new favorite pizza spot in vegas. Was quick, delicious and made up of fresh ingredients.
3	The staff was friendly and the environment was pretty chill - not to mention a gelato case - but this pizza place just didn't cut it with the Neapolitan pizza genre.  I've been seeking out Vera Pizza Napoletana (VPN) for a while and found Settebello to be more on par with what real Neapolitan pizza is supposed to be.  Sorry, 800.  We were hoping to have a VPN place closer to the Strip, but maybe not this time.Overall, it lacks what should be a better drink selection with the pizza and the quality of the cheese should not make the pie "soupy".  You can taste the difference in the ingredients and this can't be VPN.  In any case, the staff gets points, but the quality of the product doesn't.
2	Expensive and not worth it. Crust is super soggy, and flavoring is bland. If you have to eat and have no other options sure, but I won't be coming back if I can help it.
1	This is the worst place ever on the face of the earth. Horrible food and worst customer service. Joe was one pathetic guy who was unwilling to do anything about burned and tasteless watery pizza. Don't waste your money here. You will regret it.
2	Very disappointing experience.  This cafeteria style pizzeria has you walk through a line.  No one seemed to know what they were doing and several times the person on the other side of the counter referred me to someone down the way.  You order your pizza at the first stop, sides etc at the next and then you get rung up.  They don't have a large selection of toppings and they don't seem to use premium ingredients.  Further, the antipasta salad was mostly lettuce and you couldn't even taste any flavor to the little bit of meat which was there.  The pizza had a burnt taste to it, more so than expected.
4	This review is about the 800 Degrees in the SLS hotel on the strip.  I like the concept a whole lot, the speed is great and the pie was very good.  I chose the pesto pizza and added sun dried tomatoes and bacon.  Good choice of additional add on's.  I really liked the mozzarella cheese they tore up to put on the pie, I think that is really the only cheese to use on a pie, unlike the "pizza cheese" a lot of places use.  After building, the pie is cooked in a wood burning oven and is typlcally ready in a minute or two after going in the oven so overall, once you start the building the process the pie should be in available more or less by the time you pay.  Love it!
4	Oh my goodness! This place is amazing!It's like a subway but with pizza.It's a cute place with very nice and friendly staff.
4	YET ANOTHER SUCCESSFUL BAEGAAAAS TRIP!staying inside the SLS, the newest hotel along the strip. One of my biggest problems whenever hitting sin city isn't the gambling, partying, or accommodations but always the FOOOOOD!!there's only Mcdonalds, chipotle, Panda Express, or earls sandwiches for those easy meals!NOT ANYMORE!!Over the course of our four day stay I had seven pizzas from this place.Usually the margherita pizza. A bit soggy due to the runny sauce, the fresh mozzarella cheese and basil picked it up enough to hit the spot.Unfortunately during their longer lines around 4AM-ish they tended to burn the bottoms of my pizza a few times /:For $8 a pop what do you expect?!The Capriccosa was a meat-lovers dream *insert heart eyes emoji*Delicious. Best way to end those late nights with some italian pies and some comfy SLS sheets. DISCLAIMER, after party in ROOMS 27015 and 27018!! Everyone is invited!
1	Started out really great. I asked for a very well done pizza I made sure to tell more than one person so my order was correct.  Once I finally got my pizza it game out very underdone and extremely soggy. I could see this from just taking one look at my pizza. When I asked if they could cook my pizza more I was told "we don't do well done pizzas". Also they were very rude when I asked to talk to the manager about the situation. All together this was a terrible experience for me and I will NOT return... very disappointed.
4	Looking for the best south of the strip? 800 degrees is probably what you're looking for. While it is not my personal favorite pizza, it is indeed actually good. It's different, and people love it.  I did just get a basic pizza to try it out. It was a little more expensive than you would want it to be. You are paying for the quality tho because the dough is quite fresh, sauce good, and cheese good. I was most impressed by the crust actually, which is actually something that I am super picky about as someone who prefers thick crust pizza. It's exciting to see the 800 degrees brand expand from SoCal to multiple locations on the strip now. If you're in the SLS I promise it's a great option for a quick and easy eat!My major problem is that I did have an 800 gift card, which the business could not process and therefore I had to pay with the little bit of gambling cash I had left. Really hope they fix their gift card system!
1	This was my fourth visit to this place. And will for sure be my last. I came in tonight for the resorts social Sundays promotion where locals get 50% off the bill. My pizza was passed off to another customer on the assembly line. Ordered 2 salads and the ticket got lost. Ordered a side of broccolini and it was stone cold and WAY too spicy. I like heat but it wasn't edible. The best part of the meal was the complimentary ice water and when I walked out. This is the only venue on the property that doesn't seem to be able to get their act together. The entire team seems lost and definitely not a sign of management to be seen. A huge turn off and will most definitely be letting friends and family know about the poor service here.
3	I went to 800 degrees because it was 50% off for locals this past Sunday and I've been meaning to take advantage of this promotion and this Sunday was the first time I actually remembered to do it. I would eat here anytime it is 50% off but otherwise I wouldn't make this my first choice for pizza. I ordered the white pizza and added nothing else but the spicy salami. My boyfriend ordered a margarita and added shredded provolone and pepperoni. I liked his pizza better than mine, mine could have been good if there was more cheese so at least for next time I know. The flavor of the pizzas were ok but just as everyone else said---these were the flimsiest pizzas ever, very soggy and greasy in the middle. The crust was fine. I like the concept and I will return but only on Sunday for the locals promotion.
4	My friend and I were staying at the SLS, and after walking along the strip with most restaurants closed, we just decided to go back to the hotel to eat. This one's located right next to 2 clubs in the SLS so it was super convenient and open late. We got there at about 1 AM.We wanted to try the burrata but they had sold out. We couldn't finish a whole pizza so we decided to order the truffle cheese bread and the antipasto plate. They were huge for the price. i really enjoyed the cheeses and meats on the antipasto although it was kind of weird that the cheese was shredded. The truffle bread was amazing and super cheesy. I've heard some of the pizzas were really amazing so next time I would like to try one. I wish they could make smaller pizzas though because I'm not really a pizza person to begin with. When we went there weren't that many customers so the workers were really nice and even brought our food to our table.
5	We stumbled in on a Friday night around 1am and we were beyond pleased when a security guard directed us over. There were a couple of people in front of us, though with the set up, we were all moved through quite quickly.We opted to create our own as I don't eat pork. The meatballs are all beef and so we went for meatballs and ricotta. Nice and easy. Everything was made right in front of our hazy eyes and cooked quickly. I believe it was ~$15 and was more than enough for the two of us to share. I liked the chili oil/sauce that was provided as it gave it a nice kick. The middle of the pie was a bit saggy but nothing to be concerned about. We just folded our slices and were good to go.Prices are right and this is a good, quick option. Another excellent restaurant visit at the SLS!
4	The employees at 800 Degrees Neapolitan Pizzeria in Vegas were quite friendly. I forgot to pick up my greens salad because I was preoccupied with my pizza. An employee chased me down the casino to give it to me. There was something comforting coming to a pizzeria that I am familiar with in the LA vicinity.The concept is simple. It is a thin pizza served with any type of topping you desire. They have several different types of pizzas to choose from if you are indecisive, but I prefer to choose my own base and toppings such as spinach, mushrooms, peppadews, etc. It is a great place to visit at least once if you are staying at the SLS. Honestly, if I really tried, I could have eaten the whole entire pizza, but half of my pizza was plenty to tame my hunger. I'd recommend the burrata dishes. It is so delicious! Stay away from the greens salad as I was overwhelmed by the lemon dressing.
1	Based on the reviews and the article in the magazine I expected to have great tasting pizza. I loved that it was thin crust but when I got it, it was soggy and not crispy at all. The pizza was cut and I use that word loosely because we had to get a knife and recut it in order to pull the slices apart. Toppings was good and not skimpy. The pizza was ok not the best. I probably won't be back.
