5	I've always walked past this quaint restaurant and noticed it's always busy! Plus they have a really cute smart car that scoots around the city with the license plate 'T4 PAS' so I was intrigued.Barioja is a really warm, welcoming place that has a great atmosphere. The Spanish way of life is very welcoming and family-orientated, and is captured really well in this restaurant. The menu was ridiculously big! It took me about 30 minutes to look through everything, as I wanted to make sure I chose the right things. There were 4 of us and we had 10 tapas dishes, which was way too much. Everything was really good though  - especially the fish dishes and the mustard-chicken. The best thing about this restaurant is that not many people know about it. Locals to Edinburgh always come here, which always says quality.
4	Being majorly into Spanish culture in general, which of course includes a good scoff of all the tasty food, Iggs and Barioja are both highly appealing to me.Iggs, the more formal of the two restaurants, and the pricier option, is great for a slightly more special occasion-esque outing, or just a planned group meal in general, whereas Barioja has a more casual, laid back feel to it. Iggs is most definitely a fine restaurant, whereas Barioja feels absolutely like the fun and chilled out tapas bar it is. Iggs serves up modern Spanish culinary creations, and it has an AA Rosette Award for its food achievements. Barioja is the place for a big variety of traditional tapas and a cheeky jug of sangria, perfect for me, as I'm the most indecisive, annoying person to go for dinner with, and I can never decide what to have, so choosing lots of different dishes is ideal.
3	We stopped in during the festival (make reservations!). The food was very carefully prepared, and quite nice.  I see one reviewer was concerned that this is a tapas establishment (that would be the bar next door). No, this has credible Spanish food, and a reasonable wine list. A fun evening.
5	Fantastic Tapas just a little off the beaten path. If you can't decide, get the chef's choice party platter to share - the tapas keep coming and there's not a bad choice in the bunch!  The staff is friendly, and the decor is very nice. Be sure to say "hi" to Iggy!
3	Iggs & Barioja is mainly known for the tapas-half of the whole. This restaurant is split in two. Iggs is the restaurant, serving starters and main meals. Barioja is the tapas bar. The contrast between the two in terms of ambience was quite clear the night I went. Iggs was full of fine diners, quiet and subdued. Barioja was spilling over with Festival go'ers and had that real Spanish-street tapas feel about it.We had a voucher for Iggs, although in honesty I probably would have preferred to try Barioja. The boy, who is a born and bred Spaniard, tells me the tapas at Barioja is really good. But we both agreed that the meals at Iggs were ok, but just that. My quail starter was quite nice, with lentils and red peppers. But my rabbit main was quite dry. I know rabbit is a hard meat to cook, but it really was a little too dry to enjoy. The steak the boy had looked a-ok, but just that.The service was friendly. The ambience a little stuffy. I don't know, there's something about it here that felt fine but didn't seem to shine in any particular way. The menu was a little by-the-book.I think where this restaurant DOES shine is the tapas bar next door. It was bustling, lively, lots of different interesting things on the menu. Cooking tapas is different to cooking main meals. The meals were a little uninspired and I felt lacking the love and enthusiasm of the little plate offerings next door.A little disappointed to be honest, but it certainly wasn't a bad experience. Just underwhelming. Next time I'll try the tapas for sure.
4	When your fault finding parents can't find fault... you know you are on to a winner. Based on Jenny L.'s previous review, for my parents anniversary (51yrs wed, can you believe it, folks?) - we plumped to check out tapas, as this is a recent addition to the artillery of cuisine my mother is willing to partake in. And what better place than the place I've been eyeing up for a few weeks now? We were not disappointed. Asparagus with romesco sauce. Calamari. Air dried Iberian meats. Lamb. Meatballs. Langoustines (secretly king prawns) with capers. Gambas Pil Pil (very pil pil, my dear). Bread and oil. Vegetarian paella. We ate and ate and ate and ate. The boy, sceptical of tapas and inability to fill up his bottomless stomach, was defeated. Service was lovely - although one of the waiters seemed to want us to eat faster than we wanted to - but he came in handy when we wanted the bill. Our waitress seemed overwhelmed as it was her first day but did a good job - although could have done with someone checking on drinks - we did have to pull someone aside for that. Dessert also took an awfully long time to arrive - but on an evening where we were just kicking back with a wine glass in hand, that wasn't really frowned on either. All in all, had a nice meal here - I think the only one that I found lacked was the paella - could have done with some lemon to jazz up the flavour. Calamari was a little tough, but definitely hadn't reacehed rubber territory. The langoustines were definitely a highlight for me. We finished up, stomachs groaning, with a crema catalina - that I was not a fan of - thick, lumpy with strong spice notes in it - it wasn't for me- I have no idea if the consistency was right - I was expecting more of a creme brulee than I got - perhaps another place, another time to try that again. But for our savoury choices, Barioja got four thumbs up. A resounding first choice.
1	I haven't been into Barioja, so this review is solely for 'fine dining' Iggs next door.Where to start with Iggs?On my first visit to the restaurant, I had a voucher from a well known group buying site. I was quite looking forward to the evening, as the boy and I rarely go out for fancy dinners. Usually it's just the two of us grabbing a quick meal because we can't be bothered cooking. So we were quite disappointed when we arrived at the restaurant, gasping for a drink, and were basically ignored by the staff. When the waiter eventually took our wine order (white, btw) it took about half an hour and 2 courses to arrive. When I politely enquired, he shouted dismissively over his shoulder "your wine is coming." The bad service continued throughout the evening, and we left feeling that although the food was yummy we wouldn't be returning.Then I was contacted by The Restaurant Inspector from the telly. Apparently the restaurant had just had a refurb, they were shooting a TV show, they'd seen my review on TripAdvisor, and would I like to come along. Again I was quite excited about the whole thing and spent a day getting ready for my close up.Upon arrival we noticed the ambience was a lot friendlier, but sadly a lot of redeeming character from the original restaurant was gone. The dark red walls were now the ubiquitous beige colour that those of us in new-build flats are all too familiar with. The wine list (zut alors!) was shorter: we ended up ordering a bottle of Miguel Torres. I thought the food was just as nice, but James reckons that it has actually gone downhill.And then we had to wait an hour for the bill. In fact, if we hadn't walked out (leaving our names and addresses should they wish to recoup costs of course! We aint no thieves) we might still be there, waiting.I feel really bad writing this review. Iggy seems like a really nice man, and I'm sure he's doing all he can do improve his restaurant. But I think he had the formula right in the first place. All he needed to do was train his waiters on customer service.Phew, bit of a rant there!
4	Really enjoyable meal. Can recommend the neck of lamb, the seabass and the monkfish dishes. The pork belly and white bean dishes a little disappointing. Cheese board was good; question: are cheeses in Spain served with oatcakes? We also enjoyed sherry aperitif, white rjioca wine and sherry as a dessert wine. excellent service by Nicky
2	Came here partly based on Yelp reviews. For me, I was a bit disappointed. The food was nice, not great, but wasn't very warm which put me off a bit. For the price you pay for each item, I was hoping for a bit better quality. Still a pleasant experience, if not bit cramped (but what part of Edinburgh isn't).
3	This is for Iggs - I found them listed on the taste card website and as that little plastic card had been vegging in my purse for a few months, I decided it was time to use it. It was a Tuesday night and it was fairly busy with lots of business types and couples. I had the langoustines to start and the boy had the meat plate.  Mine was lovely but his was just meat, on a plate. No cheese or olives to accompany it.  He was disappointed.I had the pork with mash for main, it was very pink, in fact it was raw. I swapped with the boy and had his sea bass on risotto with mussels on the side.  The fish was cooked perfectly, the risotto and vegetable croquette were lovely additions.  The boy enjoyed the pork but it was too rare for my liking.  Would I go back, hmm, probably not.  After reading the reviews on here I think I'd try barioja instead.
4	Lovely evening out...A good little Spanish place...Is a nice, fresh meal
3	I've been in Iggs on vouchers and have tasted their own label red wine last year, this year their crop was to little and they had to replace it. -Not as nice. What I remember is the squid starter that was cooked in its own ink.. yummy and different. The food taste well, authentic even. However I am not wowed by it. The dishes are flavoured a little too subtle. I also would like to see more comfortable chairs as I get a flat wooden bum sitting too long.The few times I have visited I was feeling cold.  Could anyone explain to me why it is so cold in there? Barioja on the other hand is a warmer affair and they have nice tapas though from the same kitchen you get more concentrated flavours.Out of the two I prefer Barioja.
4	Pretty good, but totally empty the night I went. The food was really tasty and the restaurant located very close to the Jury's Inn just round the corner. I would go again. I think I preferred the french place two doors down though.
3	I've dined in Iggs a couple of times (on a voucher deal) and the food has always been very good. So why only 3 stars? Well I'll tell you in a minute..My last visit was over a month ago. The deal was for a starter and main course. Upon arrival to the place, we were seated promptly. There was only one other couple besides us in the restaurant. On the previous occasion, we dined midweeks as well and the place was pretty empty. Maybe busier during weekends? Go figure..I really enjoyed the house wine on my last visit, so I asked about it but it wasn't available. The waiter - Marco? - explained that the latest wine harvest was pretty bad, so they didn't have as much wine as they would normally have, so we chose another wine which was nice. What kind of annoyed me was that when I mentioned the 'house wine' he assumed that I was after a lower price wine, which was not the case - I was simply after the lovely flavour of the wine which happened to be a house wine. For my starter I chose langoustines and main course was rib-eye steak with  padron peppers, anchovy butter & patatas fritas.The langoustines (4 huge ones) were served with a tarragon butter and were absolutely delicious. I enjoyed it. The rib-eye steak was quite nice, it was cooked perfectly. I just feel that this place doesn't have the best atmosphere (at least not on those 2 times I have visited). For some reason I feel a little bit uncomfortable with the waiter and realise that it does have an effect on your dining experience.
3	What happened? On a much delayed return visit, I found Barioja to be sorely wanting in comparison to my last visit. We came in with a Groupon. My mother had been dying to try the gambas once more, the last time was a delicious memory of giant grilled prawns - this time, very much shrunken versions of the same dish. Patatas aioli - blatantly reheated and somewhat tasteless. I felt the menu had shrunk as well, and the options on offer much more limited than before. Finally, service was seriously lacklustre. The voucher we had was for 5 dishes and 2 glasses of wine - when we got the bill, turned out we were charged for two glasses out of the 6 we were due as part of the offer. It took a long time to resolve, and a lot of patience to explain that 4+2 really did equal six. It will take me some time to be persuaded to return - disappointing food that grew more and more disappointing as we ate; and even more disappointing service. Perhaps touched with a bit of the groupons; but it's sign enough that I can put money in other restaurants, elsewhere.
