4	Items are a bit pricey, but seems well worth it based on the eclectic mix of color and quality.  I would rather purchase clothing than home decor.
4	I feel like this place is more like a museum than a retailer, given the ridiculous pricing. But really nice home decor here and decent pricing for sale items. Great service as well. Also, as one reviewer said, it's nice to have an upscale retailer in Mesa (sorry, Superstition Springs).
5	I am addicted to Anthropologie. I love absolutely everything about this place. I also love that I don't have to drive to Scottsdale to shop there. The staff is always very accommodating. I shop a lot online and have to return things occasionally. When I bring it into the store, they don't require the receipt or even tags to return! They are very helpful and give great styling tips! I suppose the only downfall would be the price but I think it's totally worth it. Their clothing is so unique and you know there won't be a ton of girls with the same top or dress as you. Anthropologie has a fan for life!
4	Anthropologie is my first choice for shopping when I want to dress like a Mormon Mommy Blogger. I'm not sure how these 22 year old stay at home moms can afford the steep prices, but I'll be damned if this stuff isn't super-feminine and adorable.Kidding aside, here's my advice for shopping at anthro. Shop the sale area but be aware that their sale prices can still be unreasonable for most people. When I see a belt *reduced* to $100, I kind of want to punch someone. You can find some gems in there though so it's worth taking the time to look. Know that most of the brands that anthro carries tend to vanity size so if you wear a size 14/16/XL, you will still be able to shop here. Sign up for their loyalty card so you can get 15% during your birthday month. That brings me to final bit of advice. Buy the anthro-exclusive AG Stevie jeans! They are the comfiest and most flattering jeans you will ever squeeze into.Other pluses for anthro: great return policy, electronic receipts, and helpful staff. Maybe it's because this store is in my neighborhood, but I definitely feel more comfortable shopping here than the Scottsdale location.
4	You know......first when my girl dragged me here....i thought it will suck. Once I stepped in....well....BAM! Interesting colors fill my senses. I do appreciate the set up of this place and the quirky items I found. So yea it is a chick store but still managed to entertain me.
5	Great place for pretty little gifts and free wrapping. Wonderful store to brouse in.
4	This store is very cute!  It's a girls paradise.  Every time I go into this store, I want to buy everything.  It is appealing to the eye, smells good and the staff is very welcoming.  The sale section in the back of the store is small and if there are several individuals back there it is hard to get around.  They usually have good sales and the selection of items is usually very good.  Since this store isn't in a main stream shopping area, you get to choose from more sizes.  It also has it's downside that the store my not carry all of the items that the other stores carry.  It is tucked away in a beautiful, upscale plaza in Mesa Arizona.  The plaza is Dana Park.  Stop by this store when you're in this area!
1	I have been to this Anthro probably about 4 times, I have been to Anthros all over the country as my job requires travel. They are all very friendly with the exception of this one, they never welcome you when you come In And when I bought something today they did not even say thank you. It's not any one person because I'm sure they have been different every time. It's just this one the girls here are the most unfriendly lack of disregard for the customer I have ever had. Go to Scottsdale much friendlier!
5	This is my favorite Anthropologie location aside from San Francisco (multiple stories of heaven)! The manager is absolutely amazing! I love her so much! She has remembered me from years and years ago of me shopping at the Scottsdale. I truly feel like a VIP every time I come by to shop. A while back, I was ordering some curtains and I mentioned an online-only chandelier I had my eye on. A month or so later, she called me and let me know that while they were re-doing their bedroom display, she found the same chandelier I wanted tucked behind other supplies in their storage room. She offered to sell it to me and even gave me a bit of a discount for a few scrapes and a little dust. I was blown away! The chandelier now is the focal point of my room, and I love it so much! Not only are the products they sell amazing and unique, but their customer service can't be beat!
