5	Went to Grand Opening, nice staff, good food. The outside patios take it up a notch from the other Cave Creek venues. Looks like they are trying hard with lots of entertainment scheduled. Best of luck to Hogs and Horses!
4	It was a great place to go and have some fun. Watched some bull riding and barrel racing in the arena out back as well, that was nice. When you walk in there is a full bar with tables to eat as well and a stage for a live band. When you walk out back there's a decent patio with heaters at night and there's an upper deck with a bar where you can watch the bull riding and barrel racing. I recommend ordering your food from the top deck bar if you eat, it's much quicker. The food was what you would expect at a bar, nothing special but it was good. I ordered a hamburger. The band the played was good with a good house sound system, they typically play country. A lot of cowboys there!
1	Very disappointing. We made a reservation for 12 of us at 7:00pm on a Friday night. The atmosphere and bull riding is the highlight of this place. Our waitress tried very hard, but after 2 hours we still did not have our food? We ordered chicken fingers and onion rings, really 2 hours. After the first hour they put the order back through and said it should come right out, after another hour we finally asked the manager what was going on and his response was "sorry" these things happen. No comp on anything. We then went over to Buffalo Chip and had our food in 15 minutes. Will not be back and will let all of our local friends know.
1	We went here for the first time last weekend. Although drink service is fine, forget about the food. The menu has very limited choices, but it doesn't really matter because only a few actually get food served to them. We waited for appetizers for a couple of hours while watching the entertainment and NEVER got our order. No apologies, just attitude. On our way out we encountered more people that had the same experience. Too many other options to bother returning here.
5	Had a wonderful time while visiting family in Carefree.  Wonderful staff including the General Manager, Mark.  Got to meet the owner, TC.  He is a famous buffalo trainer.
5	Beautiful outdoor setting with mountain views and events to watch going on in the arena. Great people, and with the gorgeous weather and a cocktail make it one of my favorite places!
4	I  decieded to visit the new place in Cave Creek.  I noticed the reviews were either good or bad.  I did not go on a weekend because I wanted to miss the crowds as they have some entertainment during the week.  The menu was limited but what they served was very good and plenty to eat. The Wednesday night entertaiment was great . Kept me there for a couple hours
2	dont order food here, takes way to long to get food. drinks are over priced and it seems all they are trying to do is copy surrounding bars. they do have an awesome band that plays.
1	I took my 3 yo son there last night. First we order the hot dog n his water and my 1 beer tap. The waitress came back and told us that they were all out of hotdogs so we went with the fried chicken tenders. No less than two mins later our food comes. The portion of fries were very sad. I split the chicken open to make sure that it was cook all the way and it was NOT. I ask the waitress nicely if they can make me a another one cause it's pink. (Told her that it was for little guy hopefully she would understand). Btw there was no sorry!!! She came back 10 min later to tell me that she put them in for well done.  I got them 30 min later and thy were well done too well done to enjoy. He fries that came with it were not even cook all the way it needed about another min. For the beer I received it warm glass was not even cold. To too it all off the bull riding started 30 min late. I never got a sorry and the food was not taken off.  I just know for the next time that my son wants to watch bull riding I jut might take him next store. Where I know that I will get cooked food,and COLD BEER.
1	Horrible horrible horrible service. We waited over 10 minutes to different bars at the place to get service. They would look at us. Acknowledge  we were there. But never came to get our order. Went to the Buffalo Chip instead. So much happier.
1	I am afraid waiting for an hour and a half just doesn't cut it.  Cancelled order and we were walking out when the waitress brought our order and offered us a discount! No thanks. So really have no idea what the food is like and am likely never to find out.
2	This is more of a place to go for cheap beer and a biker/cowboy vibe and assorted shenanigans. The food was typical greasy diner burger fare, not bad but not good. Our waitress was friendly and generally good and helpful.Four-stars for people-watching, fo sho (just don't say "fo sho" while there).
5	it was just simple food with a bar tender that was as funny as they get, it was just a nice time - no pretentiions.
