4	A great free spot to take the kiddos and anyone who is visiting Vegas.The tank is huge and filled with an assortment of fish, sharks, rays...and on occasion a real mermaid!They also have a diver who goes in and feeds the fish.We have actually had a few playdates here with my mommy group and the kids just love it!
4	This is a huge aquarium that is right near the entrance to The Bass Pro Shop in the Silverton casino. It has sharks, stingrays and a ton of fish. It has a great variety of sea life to view and huge glass windows to view the fish clearly. It seems like a 12 ft window. Very pretty and worth seeing  if you are at the casino or going to the Bass shop.  ^_^*~
5	My daugher absolutely loves this aquarium!  There are sharks, sting rays, fishes, etc.  My daughter was in  a trance as she sat in the bubble area where it seems you are sitting in the water with the fish.  A must for parents and kids who go to Las Vegas!
4	During Thanksgiving break, this was one of the places that we took the kids to see. My sisters kids didn't mind the entertainment with the mermaid floating around in the aquarium and seeing the different kinds of fish. My son and my sisters of course had to point out the flaws with the mermaid though. For example, the little ones thought the mermaid was real. My son told them that she was not since she had goggles and a nose plug. Then my sisters just had to point out that the mermaid had stretch marks that were visible. Talk about being a little embarrassed with a full crowd around. LOL. Anyways, we had a great time being together and laughing. The only reason why I gave a 4 star review was because the show was short and not much of an entertainment. The mermaid floated around and waved to everyone. The aquarium was beautiful, though.
3	Don't think of this as something you'd see at a zoo with many exhibits to walk through. It is just one large tank, but it is done extremely well.  It is immaculately clean and has lots sharks, rays, and colorful fish.  The "coral" in the tank is bright and makes the whole thing pop when you look at it.So I've caught the mermaid show a few times when walking around The Silverton.  It was basically some girl in the window waving at kids.  Nothing impressive at all.But last weekend I saw it again and I have to say that it was actually pretty entertaining.  The mermaid we saw this time was doing flips and swimming around and playing games with the kids and doing some tricks with bubbles.... She definitely went out of her way to entertain the crowd.  Still, it's nothing to make a special drive to.  If you are at The Silverton or Bass Pro, might as well stop by to say you've been.  Kids eat it up.
4	Sometimes one gets lucky, and blunders onto a nice find.  After leaving the Las Vegas Foodie Fest and walking through the Silverton Casino to take in some welcome air conditioning until reaching the valet, I just happened by the Silverton Aquarium when fish were being fed by a woman in a dive suit.  The sea life in the aquarium is plentiful, including several colorful varieties of fish, along with rays and sharks.  The water is very clear, and it is easy to get up close and take in the unusual aqueous scene.While I was doing this, the black-suited diver swam away, and a shimmering mermaid, suddenly emerged to take her place.  She looked pretty realistic with a thick rainbow-hued tail.   The Silverton Aquarium is a nice bonus attraction for those who play and stay at the Silverton!
2	We came to see the mermaids last Sunday and noticed a sign out front stating that the mermaid show had been canceled for the day.  A bit disappointing considering the show only goes on certain days and that was the only day we were there that they were scheduled.  The aquarium itself isn't enough to justify the trip away from the strip.  If you are going to see the mermaids, I would call beforehand to verify that the show isn't canceled.
3	This is a decent aquarium with some nice fish. The rays haven't been in the tank for over a month due to a water issue. The mermaid "show" is just a mermaid waving to the kids and taking pictures, very disappointing. It wasn't worth the $20 taxi ride each way but if you're close then stop by to see it
3	First off this is not an aquarium..... it's a huge fish tank with a bunch of really pretty fish! The thing I really like about this tank is that it's big enough for a lot of people to peep inside at once. There is a nice variety of fish living inside. If your timing is right you'll even see a mermaid. (I thought the mermaid was cheesy but every kid in sight got a kick out of her so good call Silverton)
3	They have a nice variety of sealife in this tank. A lot of people come for the mermaid and I do have to say they try to really make it entertaining for children by interacting with them which is nice.  The one thing that fascinates me in this tank is this one little short bus string ray with a ripped off tail. He runs into other rays and fish and pisses them off, spins in fast circles, runs into walls.
4	This is a nice sized aquarium in the area between the Bass Pro Shop & the Silverton casino.  Both are connect through the building and the aquarium is just past the entryway & near "The Mermaid Lounge."  Twice an hour (according to the waitresses at the Mermaid Lounge), there is a mermaid show in the Aquarium.  We originally read about the mermaids in an online news piece and being regular visitors to Las Vegas, we decided we'd see something off the beaten path.  We arrived at the Casino just before 3PM and sat down in the Mermaid Lounge to have lunch and wait for the mermaids to come out & play with the fish for our enjoyment.  The Lounge is really a sports-type lounge, with a lot of televisions on sports stations and the waitresses wearing referee shirts.  But there's a line of seats with a long table facing one side of the aquarium, so that's where we sat.  We ordered fries with a garlic aioli, chicken teriyaki & fish fillets.  (Mom felt wrong eating fish in front of the aquarium, but hey...circle of life, people.)  The food was good - nothing too exciting, but not bad either.  I also had a "Limeade cocktail" - Sprite, Lime Vodka, a dash of something I can't remember & lime wedges and cherries on a spear.  But I digress - back to the aquarium:  After about 40 minutes of waiting, a diver came out to feed the fish and ten minutes later a mermaid popped out.  She swam in the water for about 25 minutes.  There was a lot of interaction with the children on the other side of the glass and waving around her tail and such.  We were very entertained.  :)I don't know if we'd go back again, but it was fun to see the only (free!) mermaid show in Las Vegas.
5	Mermaid Show:Freaking kids move outta my way, I wanna see the mermaid too : PThis mermaid was awesome and very pretty too!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/silverton-aquarium-las-vegas?userid=8fvtI7Yp9QNw6nFlbUA1TQ#hD1OSUIUSjiLCpfCIlP_wg She was very interactive with ALL the kids surrounding the aqurium. She really was outstanding! Silverton  - give THIS mermaid a raise!Aquarium: Lots of pretty fishes, great for kids. There was shark and sting ray feedings as well! Sting rays are so cute!Money well spent...oh, wait, it's FREE! Yeah!
5	A free aquarium in Las Vegas? Gotta go check it out. Haha, after going to the Shark Reef Aquarium at Mandalay Bay, my family decided to check out the Silverton Aquarium at the Silverton Casino. We asked one of the staff when it closes, and she said, "it's always open!" So apparently it isn't really an aquarium, per say. It's a big huge tank in the middle of the casino where anybody can enjoy the peace and solace that the view of the fish provide for you. This aquarium is located between the Bass Pro Shop and the Mermaid Lounge, which are both in the back of the Silverton Casino. There are a few chairs in front of the 360 degree tank where you can sit down to enjoy the view. I believe there are even a few small sharks in the tank! As you walk around the tank, each particular panel always has different fish, and there is even a part of the aquarium where you can walk up to the fish and feel as if you're a part of them, too! Really really worth the experience, especially if you have kids and you want a nice and cheap (free!) place to visit. There are beautiful drawings of mermaids on the wall, and I believe they also have live feedings and mermaids that will come and swim around once or twice a day. This aquarium, along with the waterfall from the Bass Pro Shop really give Vegas a different perspective, if that makes sense. Be sure to check it out!
4	My lil humans love to come watch the mermaids.  The mermaids do a good job of making their way around the tank and interacting with kids and adults.  Sometimes it takes awhile for mermaids to come but there is plenty of other things in the aquarium to check out (or the Bass Pro Shops next door).  This isn't an aquarium where you can touch and interact with the marine life, it is an aquarium like you might have in your home x1000.  This thing is huge.  At Christmas time they have a swimming Santa in the tank on weekends, definitely makes for an unusual Santa pic.  This is a great free place to take the kiddos.
4	Great place for kids! One of the rare family friendly gems in Las Vegas. This is an aquarium by technical definition only, in so far that a collection of sealife in a body of water with accurate structural components like coral, sand, and fauna is the technical definition of aquarium.The Silverton is one of the only kid-friendly venues in Las Vegas, and this exhibit is one of the contributing concepts that makes The Silverton a family-friendly place.It is important to realize this is not San Diego or "El-Lay"... If you want Sea World you've come to far into the desert, turn around and go back to the ocean. For the rest of us, we'll enjoy it for what it is.I only wish the Mermaids wore a skimpier suit, and I wouldn't get escorted out every time I write my telephone number in grease pencil on the aquarium glass. That's a joke. Everybody knows Mermaid can't use cell phones.Seriously though, the only thing that would make this exhibit better is more Mermaid appearances. :-)  ... And skimpier suits :-)   ...The fact is, a whole lot of money goes into this non-revenue producing collection of marine life coupled with a basically hazardous scuba dive in a premium casino floor operation. I'm glad it's here, you will be too.
5	I'm updating to 5 stars for the following reasons:+) Every time I see either the mermaid or the divers in the tank, they are very communicative with + anyone,+ watching them...+) this whole concept is unique in Las Vegas, and is a priceless activity for families+) I could be the least interesting person in the entire crowd and still the diver and/or mermaid...in.the.middle.of.their.dive...takes time to acknowledge me.+) this whOl3 experience is natural pain reliever, blood pressure reducer, anti-anxiety medicine...and it's free!Silverton, two big thumbs up!
5	So cool!  I can't believe I didn't know about this place!  It was so cool!  The kids loved watching the mermaid!  It was amazing! Very nice change of pace from all the other stuff going on in LV.
4	So my daughter loves fish. Been to the Shark Reef enough to yawn before I get to the stingrays..so I read reviews on this and due to some assumption on my part, thought this was a full aquarium, meaning a sizable display of fish. When I got there i looked like a complete butt hole, the aqurium you se on the pics IS the aquarium! Start/Finish. Luckily for me the fish are so huge and vivid it scared my daughter  a little and she didn't want to see too much more than that anyways! Booya! Missed the feedings too, epic fail by daddy but it all worked out in the end
4	When we arrived my son said, "Is that a mermaid in the tank?" Yes, it was. She cavorted with the little kids, who didn't seem bothered by her unmermaid-like goggles and bright orange breathing tube. The fish are a delight and it's fun watching the kids get up close to the glass while the fish appear to look them over. The mermaid touched the fish, who are obviously very comfortable with scuba divers and mermaids in their midst.  The first time I visited here there was a strange show that began outside the tank with an athletic man dressed like a ninja,who then climbed into the tank where the show continued. No such luck this time.
3	OK, "aquarium" is a bit of a misnomer. It's not an aquarium, it's a very large fish tank that you can walk completely around in less than 1 minute. However, it's got some fun fish (puffers, rays, some small sharks, plus many others I have no clue about). We did not stick around for feeding time or the mermaids, but  please don't drive all the way out here from the Strip just to see this, unless you need to make a trip to the Pro Bass store anyway. It's simply not a destination. It's a fun place to sit and stare at the fish while waiting for someone, but that's about it.
3	If I was 10, and my parents promised to take me to an aquarium and I ended up here, I think it would have caused some resentment issues. It's cool, if you happen upon it. Definitely not a place to go out of your way to see. There is a "mermaid" show which is kinda cool and they do have a shovel-nosed guitar fish, which is fun to type. All in all, if you're at the casino anyways check it out, you won't be disappointed. If you're a bad parent that wants to gamble away the cash you got for selling your food stamps and leave your kid at the aquarium while you lose the money you needed for his shoes, I guess it's ok too.
3	A spot to kick it when you wanna relax and zone out! Well the kiddos I took did just that! LoL!
4	Neat place to take the kiddos to watch some fish, rays and sharks. My 3 year old loves going here and Bass Pro Shops for a day of fun, free adventures!
3	It is a great experience to bring kids to see and look At all the big fish, I would love to see them clean it some time, it would be a cool experience
5	The parking is free provided by the casino, at first I got a little lost how to find the Aquarium I ask someone if they new right away the guided me through the casino and it was all the way to the end I loved the lights of the slot machines and then we got there and it was a big tank and right away the mermaid show started after we were done taking our pictures we went to the bass fishing store we saw a shark and more fishes they have a big waterfall were there fishes are in! I really enjoyed coming here!
4	Had a very fun time watching all the fish swim by. It's a neat place to go see all kinds of sea life. I even got a selfie with one of the divers. Score!
5	This aquarium is located right in the area between the bass pro shop and the silverton casino. It consists of one large floor to ceiling glass tank and holds a considerable variety of tropical fish as well as a mermaid. Yes, a mermaid! And boy is she cute!! I'm not sure if there's a specific schedule of mermaid shows but when she's swimming, she's very lively and interactive with the crowd, especially children. Fear not though middle aged dudes, she'll wave to you too! If I had a family or was on a date, this would be a really great site to take in. And best of all, it's free! Did I mention that the mermaid is really cute?!?
3	This is a pretty neat tank. The bf and I decided to come here before heading back to LA. We saw kids and adults sitting down on the floor looking at the tank so I just had to ask an employee if there was going to be a show and sure enough she said yes. They had one at 2:15 on Sunday. I was expecting a wow factor but there wasnt really much to see. The mermaid just swam from side to side to say hi to everyone, blow kisses, & pose for the camera. It was cool to experience it as a first timer for the first few minutes. So just come on in and enjoy :) the kids will definitely love it!!
5	Neat! I finally got to see a mermaid after 3 trips. Very cool. She blew kisses to a lot of the boys. She also did tricks. The fish are beautiful. And tank is very clean. I would like to see a live feeding they advertise. Today the stingray feeding was cancelled. But I'm sure it's cool. You can see the water falls near by from bass pro shop.
4	Very nice big aquarium! Pretty colors! Lots of fish! At my visit, I was sad that I didn't get to see the person in side dressed as a mermaid. Oh well. Next time. I'm glad that they actually do that though! I don't know any other place that does that kind of stuff. Great way to get the kids jumping & happy about it.
5	Great place to go to see a large aquarium tank. The salt water fish are beautiful. And tank is very clean. We especially like the varieties of stingrays. The live feedings start at 4 PM when people in scuba gear enter into the tank from above, and feed the fish. It is quite a site to see. A must see if your visiting Las Vegas.There is a smaller size tank with fresh water fish in the adjoining Bass Pro Shop next door, that is great to see too.
4	Cool Tank! We got to see the mermaid so the kids loved that!! Also, Bass Pro Shop is next door!!
3	Checked out Silverton Aquarium because it was FREE.  Park by Bass Pro Shops and then it's closer to the Aquarium.  They have a bunch of glass and you can sit or stand to see the aquarium.  I wasn't able to see the Mermaid show or the Underwater Santa, just a bunch of fish.Some mermaid art gallery next to it, meh and cheesy.Only takes a few minutes to see them, but something to do when you don't want to spend money in Vegas.
3	It was pretty much what I expected except for the mermaids. Kind of a let down not to see them but still nice to see and very relaxing to sit next to with the pro shop waterfall in the background. Overall it was a nice change from the overcrowded strip for a change.
5	I adore this aquarium. My favorite thing to do when I visit the Silverton is grab a seat in the Mermaid Bar and just watch the fish swim by. My fella is able to watch the games on the tv and there is something for me to do as well.My favorite are the puffer fish and l rays. Everything seems ok when you watch the fish swim by.
