3	It's like Samurai Sam's, but not as good. The prices are reasonable and the portions decent, but the steak is really too thin for my liking.  The sauce is ok.  It's actually not as sweet as other places in town (I prefer it more soy/salty than sweet) and they give you a small container if you want more.
4	It's like Samurai Sam's, but better. The meats are above average quality. They have a great selection. The people are really nice and remember you. Lots of selection... Wraps, salads, bowls, etc.
4	I was looking for something different and new to eat and saw this pop on yelp.  I had not had a good teriyaki chicken bowl in a long time and it sounded like a great option.  I found the regular size bowl to be just enough to fill me up.  I couldn't imagine ordering the larger size.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the veggies were great just enough crisp in them.  I loved the fact that they gave me two little cups of the sauce to add as needed.  I used both!  I thought the sauce tasted great, good mix of sweet and salt.I will agree location is annoying because of being near LVAC.  I came at lunch time and was hard to find a parking spot.Otherwise, I will be back!
4	One more try.Decided to give this place another shot since I was in the parking lot, hungry and wanted something quick before I passed out from malnutrition.I got a steak bowl, no rice, all broccoli.  No I wasn't high, drunk or otherwise impaired, I just wasn't really in the mood for rice for some odd reason and had a hankering for some baby trees.  The meat is far improved from my initial visit many moons ago.  Instead of thin strips, I got small chunks.  Instead of brown, lifeless beef, I got a little char and a hint of pink.  The broccoli was cooked middle of the road - not too limp but with a little crunch to it.  I'm glad I gave Teriyaki Boy another go because it was much better than my previous experiences.  For that, they get another star.
4	I've seen the place coming off the freeway, but never stopped in. Recently featured on Groupon so we took a shot and it's not bad at all. 4 stars because it's good, but not 5 stars cause it isn't something you've never had before. I do give it high points for effort and quality. Wife had the Mongolian Beef with Brown rice and I had the Yakisoba noodles with beef and chicken. Yep a solid 4 stars, nothing fancy about the dining room, but you can get powerade/fruit punch at the drink dispenser! They have ok potstickers and other Asian dishes so you aren't just limited to a few items. Will I be back again? Yeah, cause we have one more Groupon to use (ha ha!), but even after that is used up, I will drop by again. Sure beats a $1 burger and it's better for you in the long run! Oh yeah meals are served in plastic and not on plates as pictured whether you dine in or to go, I do hope they recycle their plastic containers, they seem to be of high quality and it would be a waste to have them go into the garbage. Maybe take the containers home if dining in and put them in the recycle bin? They need to open more locations, how about Horizon Ridge and Horizon in Henderson? (hint hint)
4	Great place with tons of healthy options. I love that they have calories posted on the menu. Also, the employees seem to care wether you are happy or not. Prices are very reasonable for a good portion of food.
3	Had lunch here the other day. I wouldn't have even known it existed if it wasn't in the parking lot of my gym so convenience was key in my decision.  It is a great place if you are looking for a no thrills healthy lunch. I had a veggie noodle bowl and my husband had a chicken wrap. They up-charge for all white chicken and to sub brown rice on the wrap. We left feeling guilt free and full.
4	I'll admit that I probably would not have tried this place if not for Groupon's deal here one day.  But that's what Groupon is for, right?  And now, because of it, I shall return.This place is close to me and is a nice break from Teriyaki Madness.  Don't get me wrong - I like both!  But Teriyaki Boy does have a better menu selection and has boba.  I do like my boba.The service was wonderful and employees were cheerful and knowledgeable.  Order was up fairly fast without skimping on presentation or quality.  Awesome.What to order: Honestly, I had a teriyaki chicken bowl with veggies and it was fantastic.  Veggies are steamed to perfection, the chicken quality is great and overall very pleasing.  Edamame is good, too.  I also had a coconut boba.  While not the best I have ever had, it was certainly buy-again worthy!P.S. The mirrors in this place really threw me off for a moment.  It's not large at all.  And there is not another room off to the left when you first walk in lol.
4	I decided to finally try this place about 4 days ago and I LOVE IT! I have been back every day for lunch. Its fresh, healthy and quick. The employees are very friendly as well as the owner whos a very nice man who really does everything he can to make you leave happy! I get the Low Carb Chicken Bowl w/extra spicy on it and its delicious! The veggies are steamed to perfection, I order it w/o carrots and they actually pick them out for me, and have the few times ive asked, added a little bit of brown rice (very little) to my bowl for no extra charge... I will continue to come back here... also make sure to ask for a stamp card and your 12th bowl is free!!! Way better than Terrayki Madness or anyother Terrayki place ive been in a long time!
4	So I was studying in the area...and it was 1015 at night, famished and since this place was in walking distance, I decided to give it a try.  Pros:The Kids chicken rice bowl was enough for me and it was only 4 bucks!They closed in 15 mins from the time i called, I walked over and it was pretty much ready for pick up.  They provided extra sauce without charging.  Awesome. Cons: I didn't really like the teriyaki sauce.  It was a bit too sweet for me, and believe me, in my days, I've tried at least a dozen different places, this place by far has the sweetest (Teriyaki) sauce i've ever had. Overall, Nice and great speedy customer service.  They didn't shy away from my phone order because of the crunch to closing time. ;)I'll be visiting again (hoping for the teriyaki sauce to be less sweet but would settle for it next time around)! Sincerely, a first time customer.
5	I love healthy food and teriyaki boy is my favorite way better than teriyaki madness tha best teriyaki bowls in town. I can eat here everyday.My favorite is the chicken yakisoba and the best thing about it is the noodles is made out of wheat, it's really healthy.I love the fact that teriyaki boy serves the food fresh, hot and well cooked. The teriyaki sauce is so good..The service was wonderful and employees were super nice and knowledgeble.I'm definitely coming back here. This place is awesome.. Keep it up.. The best place to eat you can eat good and healthy at the same time.. :) i LOVE teriyaki boy
5	i love teriyaki boy healthy grill! ever since they have opened im a regular at  this restaurant. its located right off the freeway and very convenient for me since i work out a lot at LVAC.from the moment that youve stepped out off the gym you will smell their grilled food from the parking lotthey serve Real meat there not like the others which are like shaved meat for a sub sandwhich.i always have the best experience at Tboy. Fresh grilled chicken and good cut of trimmed steaks.and the vegetables are always fresh.i always quench my thirst with their Boba iced blended drinks. they are the best boba in las vegas compared to the ones at chinatown which takes cash onlyall the people there are so friendly and calls you a name basis.im very keen with bathrooms but theirs totally clean and sanitized.its a 5 star hotel bathroom feel there.over all i believe that this fast food health restaurant has great potential.cant wait to come back for more.
5	Perfect size brown rice broccoli bowl was sooo good.    Chicken and steak better than fast food places...   Plus the Customer service is amazing.  They member your name and bring it to your table.    PLEASE TIP THEM!!!    I'll be back
4	So the other night..I came back to this place and order the dark meat chicken rice bowl...this time i order the regular size and not the kids....Can you say awesome? Lots and lots of veggies for this palate! :) The amount of meat wasn't quite enough but I will be upgrading the next time i am in the area.  :) PS: they even give out a card for regulars to get something free after like 8-10 purchases! Now that's a deal!
1	Meh.  I didn't walk into Teriyaki Boy with a lot of expectations for great cuisine.  Here's what I wanted: a nice, healthy, quick food option with Teriyaki flavor.  But the restaurant somehow managed to dash those expectations.  I'm just not enthusiastic about anything we ordered.The crab Rangoon tasted like it had been thawed and served up (i.e. all flavor was lost long ago while the food waited in a freezer).  The eggs rolls were appropriately crisp, but tasteless.  We drowned them in sweet and sour sauce in order to produce a taste.  We finally found a little flavor in the Teriyaki chicken bowl -- and the Teriyaki flavor wasn't bad.  But the dish came with boatload of rice with a meager serving of vegetables and chicken.  Sigh.  When you find a dish with a little flavor in this place, they skimp on the flavor and cover it in unseasoned rice.Basically, I walked in hoping for the McDonald's of Teriyaki cuisine.  Problem is, McDonald's actually works hard to make sure it's food is flavorful use a whole lot of chemicals to keep the flavoring even after the food is frozen.  So, skip Teriyaki Boy.  It's a step under McDonald's.
5	Best teriyaki in the area. The firecracker chicken is really good too; has a nice kick. Oh, and the have boba tea, which pretty much guarantees I'll be back.. Every day.. :P
1	The beef in my beef teriyaki was reheated. The rice was soggy. The sauce was okay I guess, if you can get past the day old meat. The Gyoza where of the microwave variety and were not good. I have to say this is the worst "teriyaki" I have ever had.I barely ate any of the meal and returned it to the counter to explain my dissatisfaction. The cook and the counter girl just gave me a blank stare. Too bad for the owner he has such crap employee's. With all of the teriyaki places out there, why would you ever eat here?
3	Driving around looking for a quick lunch on the cheap. I skim my Entertainment book and decide to get a bowl from Teriyaki Boy. There are quite a few bowl options and flavors. I noticed they even have tofu, which I might check out the next time I stop by. On this occasion I ordered the garlic chicken and broccoli over brown rice. The sauce was a little lacking, it definitely needed a little more flavor and the chicken was really dry. Not a fan of that, but overall the meal was ok.I will try the place out again if I'm in the area and happen upon another coupon. The prices didn't seem too bad for the quantity you get, I'll just stay away from the chicken next time and take a few more sauces and condiments with me on the side if I take the food to go.
4	Before I came to Las Vegas I was worried about finding anything healthy to eat, that is, until I discovered this little gem. A Japanese food restaurant with a healthy spin on it?!  Vegas -really does- have it all! -- Sometimes, when you see the word "healthy" slapped on anything, it can mean dull/boring food with no flavor... but that's not the case when it comes to Teriyaki Boy: Healthy Grill. Not only does their food taste good, but it also LOOKS good too. They use fresh vegetables, grilled chicken, lean cuts of meat, with low-fat sauces, and they don't cover their food in tons of fatty oil or batter. And their food doesn't look boring -- the food presentation is quite nice. In fact, I was shocked at how great their Yakisoba Bowl tasted and looked.  (Not to mention the fact that their Yakisoba noodles are made out of wheat!)I noticed that they also have gyouza on their menu, but I didn't try it.  The reason is because I know that gyouza tastes the best when its deep fried, and crunchy, but that's by no means healthy. So I was surprised to see it on the menu at all.  But in all honesty, to me their gyouza looked a bit soggy from the picture, so I didn't order it. Perhaps next time I will.I thought the prices were reasonable and the service is friendly and fast. They even remember your name and bring the food out to your table.  How many other fast food restaurants do this?  Not many. And even fewer can claim that their food is healthy. So that says a lot.The interior of the restaurant is small, but not cramped. I also like how they have pictures of all of their popular menu items up on the walls so you can see them. The restroom is SPOTLESSLY clean. I thought that I was in a fancy hotel restroom. I was honestly impressed.I removed one star because they are not authentic. This is very good food, but a makeshift version of traditional Japanese dishes. And then too, I noticed that they serve sweet & sour chicken on their menu -- That is not Japanese.Now, for all of you people who are saying that their food "needs a little more flavor" (you know who you are), you are wrong. Your taste-buds needs to learn to eat healthy food, and pass on going to McDonald's a little more often. After eating junk food for many years, you have to re-acquire a taste for healthy food. And this right here, is your opportunity. Bon appetit.To sum things up, in my honest professional opinion, this place is awesome.  I love Teriyaki Boy Healthy Grill. And I would most certainly come back here if and when I pass through Las Vegas again.
4	I appreciate this place for what it is: simple, healthy food. The meat is always delicious and never greasy. The rice and veggies are a little plain but are complemented with a little teriyaki sauce on top. If you need a meal to energize you for a workout or just to help you not fall asleep at your work desk, this be the place to go. And the service has always been friendly.
3	There is some irony in that they have the words "healthy grill" in their logo.  I found my beef bowl to be greasy.  The rice was soggy because of it.This is a weird complaint, but their menu is too large.  It's confusing, there is just too much stuff.  They should focus on just doing a handful of items well instead of trying to do everything.It took a long time for my food to come out, which may be one of the reasons it was soggy.Anyways, Teriyaki Madness is better.  This place isn't "terrible", but I'd pick Teriyaki Madness over it any day of the week.
4	Been here about 10 times. I usually go to Samurai Sam's or Teriyaki Madness, but if I'm this area I go here. My normal order: Large chicken bowl, extra meat, brown rice, and no veggies. Sometimes I mix it up and get the Cutler Bowl. By the way, use to go to Bonzai Bobs all the time before they switched Teriyaki Bowl?  Don't be surprised if Cutler himself walks in here. I thought I ate a lot. Smart how both Teriyaki Boys I go to are next to a LV Nutrition and LVAC. I recommend this place, but wish they were open earlier.
4	Walked in on a Tuesday at noon and the restaurant was completely empty. Made my decision on what to order quickly because I had checked out the online menu beforehand. I was impressed they offered tofu, most fast food teriyaki places don't. The cashier was at her register and saw us (we made eye contact) yet continued a conversation in Spanish with one of the cooks for a few minutes before deciding she had the time to take my order. She took our order with no enthusiasm, thank God we didn't have any questions about the menu I am not sure she would have been of much help. After paying (prices are fair for sizes) we went to sit outside. The chairs were chained so close together to the table they were unusable! The edge of the chairs were pressed up against the table, so if you have legs you couldn't sit in them. Whatever, strike 2, we will sit inside. The food came out fast and she delivered it to our table, which I like better than standing around like a lost boy until my number is called. The tofu was cooked very well and the portions were good! My boyfriend got the large size Sweet & Sour Chicken. He felt that he just got more rice than a small size would have instead of more rice & chicken. But it tasted good! The carrots were a little undercooked for my taste but I am very picky about that. Overall I was very impressed with the food (for $7 a meal I can't complain much) and will be returning a lot as it is close to my work! A big plus, when I checked in on Yelp I was contacted about my remarks about the unsatisfactory service and was offered not only help but a free meal. This is much appreciated and not only do they keep my business I will tell others about the wonderful customer service I received via Yelp.
3	Same cashier, same experience. I was offered a free meal from their awesome Yelp team, which I told them I would use today. Well the cashier didn't know what I was talking about and gave me $6.99 off (my meal was more then that). I brought my dog so I was going to sit outside, the chairs were still chained so you could sit on them but not comfortably use the table. This is a nice neighborhood I don't see why they need to be chained during business hours. Seems excessive. Never seen anyone sit on them and now I know why. I got it to go and won't be back.I did appreciate their Yelp teams awesome customer service but that has to transfer over into service in the restaurant.
4	Never been here before, I used a coupon from livingsocial. The place is really small but clean, has outdoor seating too. Food came out fast and as I expected, my kids like their food. The cashier was nice and friendly, she told me that they also have kids menu (which I didn't see on their board). I will be back for more.
2	I have eaten her 2x so far...  Ordered the chicken teriyaki and then the mongolian beef along withe pot stickers....  Both times the food was bland and tasteless,,, I did not like what i ordered both times...  Seems that they pre-make the meats and put the sauce on top before its delivered to the customer...  I think this is why the meats are rather bland..  I have had better at the malls....  I will not be back here... Maybe you guys will have a different opinion.... Located in a small anex next to the LVAC on Eastern... Hope this yelps...
4	The obvious comparison here is to Teriyaki Madness. So how does it match up? Fairly well, I'd say. We had some groupons laying around for this place but it's reasonably priced so you don't really need such a deal to eat here. Much like Teriyaki Madness, they tout their high protein, brown rice meals (with the options of a low carb version). Add to that their association with Jay Cutler and it's no surprise you'll find them located near gyms. It's a great post workout meal-- you can replenish carbs if you're a a body builder or go for a meat and veggie meal if you are watching your weight. I've tried the chicken yakisoba meal as well as the mongolian beef. If you compare them to a sit down restaurant, then obviously the food wouldn't be much to right home about. But for a fast food establishment, they churn out some decent quality eats. The portions here are generous and should be enough to fill the appetite of any serious lifter. The yakisoba noodles are not overly soggy and come with a fair amount of tasty vegetables. The chicken is adequately prepared. Throw some sriracha sauce in their and you've got all you need. The mongolian beef is a pleasant surprise but also benefits significantly from some added sriracha. THe meat is plentiful and not overly tough. The veggies are a satisfying combination of mushrooms, green onions and green peppers. No complaints about the brown rice. The citrus chicken is also a nice way to go if you're more into the sweet side of the story.I can't say this place is better than Teriyaki Madness but in my opinion they are just as good.
1	I purchased a groupon and visited the Teriyaki Boy restaurant on 10/17/12.  My first impression was the food smelled good and the restaurant was clean.  The person taking my order, adult female, was very short with me and less then helpful.  I ordered a chicken bowl with brown rice and vegetables.  The brown rice and vegetables were good, the chicken however was over cooked to the point that it was difficult to chew.  I felt like I was eating beef jerky without the flavor.  I will not return to this restaurant.
5	best place for healthy!!!!....food are awesome!!!!!!.........over all 5 star!!!!!...best place in las vegas!!!!!
2	Got the groupon and met my friend for lunch.We both decided to get the steak/chicken teriyaki bowl. The cashier girl was less than inviting, whatever, I'm used to being treated like second class citizen with a groupon. Two regular bowls + two drinks comes up to $16.77.We both get our bowls and one of them is steak and chicken the other is just chicken. Uh......  I was too lazy to demand my steak, so I just ate my chicken instead.Yeah, I could have made this at home. Nothing special and they give you a small portion of white rice, some sad veggies, and meat in a big bowl. First and last time!
4	I drive by this place all the time.  First I look at the massive gym behind and think to myself that I need to work out.  As I think about working out I get hungry.  This is when I notice the Healthy grill.  Then I always say I'm going to check that place out someday and then forget that I need to work out.  I was at work and couldn't decide on what I wanted to eat.  I really didn't want a boring sandwich or something fried that was going to put me down at my desk.  Just then I remembered about this place by the gym.  I read some of the Yelp reviews and then I was off to go get my bowl on.  When I arrived the restaurant wasn't packed, but there was a few people and no line.  I really struggled to give this place 4 stars.  The reason was because the girl at the counter was really rude.  This was the first time I have ever been here and was asking some questions.  She seemed annoyed and just wanted to take my order.  I was upset because there wasn't anybody behind me.  After asking a few questions I finally gave up and realized she was visibly upset.  I though maybe I caught her on an off day or she just had a rush.  Oh well, there's really no excuse to be rude.  In case you were wondering I was asking about the Jay Cutler bowl.  This bowl looked like a man's bowl of food.  It was huge!  I will have to order it someday.  I ended up ordering the small bowl because I didn't want a big lunch.  It was priced pretty well.  and it had vegetables.  I am amazed that the other places charge you for vegetables.  Really?  Other than the girl be rude the overall experience was good for my stomach and wallet.  If you are in the area or at the gym go check it out.  I hope you get a friendlier girl or guy at the counter.  Cheers!
2	I thought the concept of this place was good, although basically the same thing as the Flame Broiler restaurants. The problems began when we started ordering at the counter and the cashier wasn't very friendly at all. Not only was she grumpy and seemingly scowling, but she wasn't very helpful. My wife ordered the Mahi Wrap, but we were quickly informed they were out of Mahi, so we switched the order to a salmon wrap. I ordered the chicken noodle bowl. We ordered a kids chicken bowl with noodles for our daughters to share. We asked if they could have some vegetables with the kids bowl and she said no because it doesn't come with vegetables. She did not seem interested in offering any other solutions for this inquiry.We waited about 10 minutes and the food came out. My wife was served a salmon rice bowl instead of the wrap. The cashier was so unfriendly-seeming that we opted to not say anything about the incorrect order.The food was pretty ordinary. I did not feel this there was anything special about the food. Perhaps the cloud of the unhappy employee clouded our taste buds. Needless to say, we will not be returning to this restaurant and if we having a craving for this type of food, we'll simply go to one of the other similar restaurants in the area.
2	Unfortunately, this review is for the SERVICE, not the food.The Teriyaki Boy on Rainbow is less than a half mile from my place, but I drive the 3 miles to Samari Sam's. Why?For the same price, and food quality, I can insure that it's open. Not once or twice, but THREE times, I have been to Teriyaki Boy and they have turned me away, when their hours said they were open, and there were people inside. Once 30 minutes before close, and today, an hour and a half before they should have been closed.  Another day I walked up to see the restaurant empty and the doors closed when the hours clearly stated it was open. TBHG, if you're not going to be open, why not just change your hours on the door? Don't send people away when you've got people sitting in the dining room and you're supposed to be open.
2	This place was a rip off. I paid $9 for less than mediocre food and the portions were ridiculous. I got a large portion, and the bowl was not filled, more than 3/4 was just rice, and had very little veggies or meat. I asked the cashier before hand some questions and she was apathetic and unhelpful. Not impressed at all.
4	Good food, like the chicken and broccoli bowl. A little more expensive then teriyaki madness but they have canteloupe boba smoothie which makes up for it. Can often find a groupon which makes them a good deal. Go once for the groupon, come back for the boba.
2	I have always been a big fan of all things teriyaki. Unfortunately, im not a fan of this place. Let me explain.Any time I go to a teriyaki place, I always get the chicken n beef combo because come on, you get two kinds of meat and you cant really mess that up right? Here they kind of did ok. You have two choices of sizes. Regular and Large. The large is only 50 cents more so might as well right? So here's why im not too fond of this place. The chicken was dry. I had to douse it with teriyaki sauce and sriracha just to make it edible. I wanted brown rice instead of white. They charge you 40 cents for that while some other places don't. The large was not that much bigger. My total came out to 9 bucks and some change. That's without any drinks included. Easily would of been over 10 bucks if I did.So I stand corrected. I never really had much of anything negative to mention. Until I ate here. The only saving grace that is preventing me from giving them 1 star is that the beef is actually good.  I have actually been here twice. Once with company that wanted to go here and this second time around because I thought the first time was a fluke. Unfortunately, this second visit verified what I thought all along.
3	We came on a Friday night and order1. Yakisoba steak and chicken LRG 7.602. Low carb chicken bowl LRG 7.30for $2.11 (used the $7 groupon for $14)- Next to YogurtLand and LVAC. - Chicken was underwhelming. Can't expect much for dry white chicken breast.- Steak was slightly flavored and probably the best item on our plate. - Average tasting teriyaki sauce. Not far off from Kikkoman teriyaki marinade.- Yakisoba noodles like microwave Maruchan style chow mein. - Steamed vegetables is a great alternative over white rice. - Honestly, I'd opt for Teriyaki Madness to satifying my Teriyaki taste buds. - And for my money, I'd rather eat a grilled chicken salad. - But to stay fit, I wouldn't mind the occasional healthy meal at Teriyaki Boy.
4	Initially I would go here for their boba smoothies. The service was bad in the past so I gave up. I recently gave their food a try after the gym (with an expired Groupon voucher). I will say their service has improved tons! Their bowls are so yummy! This is one of my new favorite healthy eats post-workouts. I'm glad I gave it a second chance!
4	I really enjoyed their $2.99 teriyaki bowl. It had enough rice, veggies and chicken (dark). The boba tea was blah. Would not recommend it at all. But for a cheap, quick semi-healthy lunch I give it 4 stars.
1	I wish I had no taste buds like those people that left a 5 star review. I'm better with sharing my dog food
2	Tried it for the first time tonight and the service was fast and portion size generous.Ordered the steak and broccoli with brown rice. The steak was tasty but a bit grizzly and fatty. My wife had the chicken which was much better.Broccoli was good but the rice was mushy. W
4	It first time here at Teriyaki Boy Healthy Grill. I looking for something on the healthy side after doing an one hour bike class. I always notice this place on my way too and from class. So figure why not give it try! Teriyaki chicken it kind of is what it is for me. Not that big of fan but look at it as more of an inexpensive meal. I normally go too Teriyaki Madness since its closer too my side of town. Always enjoy mixing the food palate up.I ordred the large teriyaki chicken bowl. I enjoyed! I thought the chicken was grilled right on nice char grill marks on both sides and nice moist. I like the vegetables they served sliced carrots (unlike more mass market or dime dozen teriyaki chicken bowls either shredded or big chunks sometimes not even cooked but raw), zucchini (again usually broccoli find), and course traditional pieces of cabbage. The teriyaki sauce not fan of overkill. So for me liked fact they have enough covered the chicken and get into the vegetables. The white rice was cooked perfect.I surprise that the menu was pretty diverse from the appetizers, the alternatives comes too brown rice, or subbing different things in it. They even offer Jay Cutler size bowl. If you don't know Jay Cutler he won the Mr Olympia before. So its big boy bowl one that if your hungry should think about ordering. Talk about small place and unfortunately located right next too LVAC so they get lot of post workout meals. I just barely found spot too eat on the counter area. If theres a  negative always positive? You can feel fit, healthy, or feel like busted sweat at the gym at Teriyaki Boy.
4	Get your $2.99 bowls on tuesdays and thursdays. I defintely take advantage of that deal on a weekly basis. hehe overall experience with this place.. I can't complain. I normally get the all white meat teriyaki chicken bowl. it's about 8 bucks for a bowl and it comes with veggies and rice you have the option to choose brown rice. Customer service is great everyone is greeted and they are polite. I am a regular at this place if im craving for something healthy and quick.
1	Wow if I could give a 0 then they would definitely get one.  I had my heart set on a steak and broccoli bowl, but did I get it? Nope!!Went in, no cashier at the counter. Just the cook preparing someone else's food. He saw me standing there, but didn't even bother to call someone to take my order. Stood at the counter for about 4 minutes and still no one. It wasn't very busy either. So I finally got annoyed and left. I think an employee finally walked in right as I was walking out the door. But who cares?? They lost my business. Your loss, cuz I actually liked you guys. So I just walked to Greens & Proteins for my after-workout meal.
4	I'm a big fan of teriyaki chicken and this place didn't disappoint! Really good healthy options. Mr Olympia eats here so how could you go wrong?
5	By far the best teriyaki bowl I've ever had. I got the steak yakisoba bowl. Usually chow mien noodles are very oily at most restaurants, but not here. I love the fact that they use whole wheat noodles. The large was just the right amount and there was enough steak to last until the end. I'm home now wishing they were still open so I could get another one! The staff was very friendly and helpful. If you're looking for a great, healthy meal this place is definitely worth a try. The prices were very reasonable and the food was absolutely amazing.
5	Very affordable and delicious. From the salad to the chicken bowl. The veggies are fresh and perfect not mushy at all.
3	It was really good... a little expensive around 10.00 just for a plate of food no drink included. The food was good though and filling. Not enough for left overs but enough to be full for awhile.... sense it's right by the gym you might be really hungry and which case you might want to add one with some extra things but I will most likely try it again. Nice service, they seemed a bit tired but they where friendly. Pretty loud inside. I would have liked more veggies. Over all a-ok.
4	I love this place!!! My husband and I claimed this to be our quick fix for dinner options!!
1	I purchased a groupon to try this place out because it is close to the gym and our new place but I will not be back. The young lady that was working tonight at the counter was quite rude for no reason and looked at me like I was an idiot when I asked if there were veggies in the bowl because when I said no veggies she looked bewildered. We ordered a steak bowl and recieved a chicken bowl the brown rice almost chipped my tooth. Thank you for the bad attitude and poor quality food luckily it was half off.
2	Located right by the LVAC on eastern and the 215, this place is a nice quick healthy option for food whether it be right after your workout or just looking for some clean eats.Service:  The service here is absolutely awful.  It really blows my mind how the cashier can stand there and treat me like a second class citizen and she gets paid for it.  I really hope the management sees this so something can be done about this.  ITS RUINING YOUR BUSINESS.  Green and protein is right there where the customers are treated well why would we want to go to you to be treated rudely?Food: Being a broke college student, all i look for are cheap eats.  The $2.99 chicken bowl is the only reason why i come here.  The bowl is composed of dark chicken meat, white rice, broccoli and zucchini.  Vegetables and meat are fresh but that depends on when the meat is grilled and how recent the vegetables were cut.  I'd recommend adding sriracha to the bowl as well.Overall: The food is good especially the rice bowl for the amount you pay, the freshness of the ingredients and the portion size but the service is sickening.
2	Friend and I tried Vegetable bawl and teriyaki bawl.it took 10minutes to get those.veggies undercooked.
5	I love this place. Their chicken and beef are delicious. I love how quick it is and that they have healthy options. Highly recommend it.
4	Okay I officially updated my review. Teriyaki boy has good food and the price is not bad, the last few times I've been here the staff has been nice as well. If your looking for a basic teriyaki plate with rice and vegetables for less than $7, this is the place!
1	I can't believe this place went south. We used to come here for good teriyaki bowls and good Asian salads and they used to be served freshly prepared.They're meat used to be freshly grilled, now it seems like they just reheatPre-grilled  steak, and served really dry like jerky-dry. I ordered a salad and the wonton crisp strips tasted like they've been in storage for years, like rancid old grease... So disappointed. Service went bad too. They have a cashier that barely comprehends English and just nods to everything, like when I had a question about an item, she would nod and just add the item I was asking about to our order assuming we wanted to order it. So frustrating. Ugh! Really disappointed.
5	Great! Love the food there! They are always willing to give me extra sauce which I love.
1	After being on hold for 10 minutes trying to place an order for pick up the employee just hung up the phone so I walk in and tell her I was the one she just hung up on and she said "sorry we are busy" and rolled her eyes. I turn around and their is one customer in the restaurant. Won't be going back
5	Clean & Tasty food, awesome Staff, Convenient Location, & very sanitary establishment, highly recommended! YUM
5	First time at this little place...loved it! Hubs got the chicken and steak teriyaki bowl and I got the sesame asian salad. Yummers!!! I've been a little sick and still can't taste fully, cannot wait to be well and have the salad again with full flavor buds!! Highly recommend this place if you want a healthier option.
2	I've visited Teriyaki Boy's East side location, but when I noticed that there was a location right by Joel's work I was excited. This location is located right by the LVAC so the parking lot is always full. Beware on where you park! Some spots due to traffic make it difficult to back out. We walked in and immediately noticed it was pretty packed. It's a small space to begin with. Since I knew exactly what to we wanted I placed my order. I got a bit of an attitude from the girl that rang us up. Like she was bothered that we were there. I just smiled and said "thank you" and grabbed our cups. Joel and I both ordered the chicken and steak Yaki Soba bowls. Normally I love their food! I've even recreated it at home, but today the noodles tasted burnt and I had pieces of the core of the cabbage that tasted off. ( The cabbage is normally my fav part of the dish.) It was very disappointing. Joel finished his food and by this time I was ready to go. I didn't want to waste my food and figured Joel might want it even if it had a burnt taste. On our way out I waited in line to ask for a lid for my bowl. There was only one person in front of me and the girl that was ringing her up looks at me and says"Can I help you with something?" (In a very snotty tone.) I asked for a lid and was happy to get out of there. Needless to say I will not be returning to this location any time soon. The staff is rude and the food just isn't as good as it's been at their East side location. Too bad! They are in serious need of a staff switch up! Beware!
2	First and possibly last time I ever eat here... Umm tip, CHECK YOUR CHICKEN. In a rush, I came in for the first time to teriyaki boy right after working out at LVAC. I asked for dark chicken, w rice n veggies.  Order came up rather quickly.. BONUS points right? Upon looking at the chicken further, I'm noticing it wasn't grilled or anything, just looks like plain chicken. Then I'm thinking, did they microwave this, how did they cook it? Chicken came to me a little pale looking rather cooked... I take my first bite, not bad... Upon completing half the bowl I notice a few pieces that were not cooked... I brought it to their attention, they asked if I wanted something else. I said "no" due to the fact they might give me more undercooked/microwaves chicken... I'm betting that if I DIDN'T ask for sauce on the did I wouldn't have noticed it... So for future reference CHECK your chicken...
2	Not a fan of this place at all. It's very convenient because it is in the same parking lot as my gym. I had high hopes the first time I went because the menu they have posted tells you how many ounces of protein you get. As a bodybuilder keeping track of that sort of thing that's important. I would buy my food, take it home and weigh it out for the day but there was NEVER the amount of chicken they said was in there. First time i figured it was a bad day. Happened the next day as well so I told them when I went in the next day. They made sure there was enough in there that day. Next time I went in? Right back down to less food than I paid for. Never went back again. Not going to have to police them to get what I'm paying for. The food itself tasted OK but not as good as other spots close by like Teriyaki Madness or Yummy Grill.
1	I love the fact that you can get healthy delicious food here but damn that short girl at the front taking orders has an attitude problem. I ordered two jay cutler bowls and being a tourist to Vegas I asked what goes in it and she blasts off saying "YOU JUST TOLD ME YOU WANTED IT OMG." I just wanted to know what goes in the food I'm ordering and i thought you worked here. Lol
