4	After the Yelp Elite tasting event at Koi, and a late dinner at Burgr, Diane and I walked through the Miracle Mile Shops to get to our car in the parking lot on the other side.  While doing so, a waft of pleasant fragrances entered our nostrils.  We turned toward the smell and looked into a shop of artfully displayed colorful bath and shower soap products; then, liking what we saw, we walked in to browse.  Here a wide array of glycerin soaps cut into rectangles caught our attention, and we wound up buying a nice-sized chunk of Japanese Cherry Blossom soap that smelled just like cherry blossoms, and even had a Cherry Blossom Tree appearing within the glycerin itself.  I can also report that in the shower the pleasant fragrance endured, and the long bar of soap slid easily over the skin. This is a shop with friendly and helpful service, to which I will likely return to purchase and sample other wares.
4	Lush ain't got nothing on this place. Little pricy but the stuff works much better and it cheaper. More items to choose from and the service is really cool. I would recommend anything here if you are balling on a budget!
3	After attending a concert at The Axis at Planet Hollywood, I stopped into Basin to shop while I waited for the chaos in the parking garage to mellow out. The employee working that evening was extremely friendly and helpful, even though it was 20 minutes before closing. He let me sample numerous items and answered every question I had. I adore products sold by one of Basin's competitors (Lush), and while the prices were fairly similar, in my opinion none of the products smelled quite as good as those found at Lush... and that is typically how I determine what to purchase at these kind of stores. I ended up only purchased bath bombs.  I personally prefer the ones I get at Lush, even if they cost a little more. I would shop at Basin again if I was already at the Miracle Mile shops, but if I am going to make a special trip to purchase fancy soaps or bath bombs, I am going to go to Lush.
1	This person here. I think his name was Alexander or Alejandro or maybe it was something else... I was hung the hell Way over was buying a present for my little niece. I forgot her bday, this dude, the employee laughed; but hey, it was funny though. The person was really helpful and explained with what appeared to be extended knowledge of the different products being sold, as well as allowing me to try the different samples. He seemed like a very good employee who knew his stuff, and do you know what else he knew, he knew how to take advantage of customers. I bought the gift package which had a label on the box for $46.99. I asked how much is the total package itself with this setup but without the gift wrap box. He said it was just a $5 package wrap fee. Ok. fine, I bought it, and when it rung up, the price was $39.99; so I did not see this on the register b/c I got distracted by  a double combo of the free sample of lotion wash he introduced me to and a fine ass latina mama mia with some double D's was walking by juggling those u know whats. I got hypnotized, but anyway.  So next thing was, he rings it up, and total cost was $50.80, ok, so I assume tax etc, whatever. Fine. I paid for it, and he staples another receipt with my credit card purchase on top of the original receipt. So I didn't realize this until I got back home. The cost of $38.99 was "removed" and re keyed in for $46.99 So basically, he ripped me for $7. You bastard,.
1	Ok so I received a gift card for the Miracle Mile Shops which I had never been to before. I was quite excited because they have a Lush there and I love Lush and I go there all the time. On my way through the mall I came across Basin and decided to check it out. It was pretty impressive. The scents were good and I decided to try it out.I spent about 45 minutes before deciding on the stuff I was going to try. I go to purchase and that was when I was advised they don't take the gift card for the Miracle Mile Shops. What? Is this not a shop at the Miracle Mile? I could have purchased the stuff I had chosen but decided not to at that point. Never even got to try the products. They could have had a permanent customer but I just continued to Lush instead and still got what I came for.
