1	lets see....they must have a slimmed down menu at this location. i wanted popcorn chicken and it wasnt on the menu. i had to settle for 5 hot wings, potato wedges and a soda for 5.00. i maybe had 5 wedges total in the box. and the wings were overcooked and not very flavorful. i was disappointed and I feel ripped off. i should have went to mcdonalds next door
2	I am not a fan of KFC. Not at all.However, I do love their spicy chicken wings. I wish they weren't so freaking expensive. Oh and I do like their cole slaw.We went through the drive-thru and we had to wait for our food. My husband happened to go inside because he was thirsty and wanted a drink.Turns out they had set our food on the counter and no one was bringing it out and my husband just had a sneaky suspicion that it was ours, so he asked and what do you know? At least it was still piping hot.
3	Today we are craving fried chicken.  I am not a big KFC fan, but my hubby wanted to try it and they were having a bucket sale, so we stopped in.  Why this location?  We just happened to be on that side of town.We got the bucket deal, half regular recipe and half extra crispy.  We got two sides, biscuits and drinks  The food came out quickly, was fresh and nicely cooked.  We enjoyed the meal and had left overs for lunch the next day.
3	Okay so this non KFC fan has been converted due to their hot wings. I just love the fact that they are crispy and juicy.I have found they key to ensuring fresh, hot delicious ones is ordering a 20 piece. I will always have to wait but it is well worth it in in my book. Even left over, these wings are still crunchy and crispy. I have got to figure out what they put in the batter.
5	Great service by KFC employee Marquese.. Kind of unheard of..
1	When I got to the pickup window and paid, clerk said they didn't have Original and to pick crispy or grilled. Didn't he know this when I ordered?  Didn't he know this when I paid?  When I got home, box didn't contain what I'd ordered. Very in satisfying overall.
