5	I recently used Vicky and Pierre to complete a new home purchase.  The process was seamless!  Vicky is SUPER responsive and we were able to close in less than 30 days.  These guys will do whatever it takes to get the job done.  I would definitely recommend the Cornerstone team, they are great!!
5	This review is well overdue. I began looking for a home in Feb 2013. I decided on new construction, so they suggested I use their preferred lender. The builder reps amazing. Everything was going great until they recommended imortgage . What a NIGHTMARE! Anything that you can think of going wrong went wrong. I let them know I was a first time home buyer and needed some direction, however that was to much to ask for. SO after I couldnt take anymore I did some research on other options, I ran across many amazing reviews on Cornerstone Home Lending! What a life saver I immediately called Vicky and she took over explained everything from beginning to end, she held my hand through the entire thing. Unlike my previously lender who I had to beg to respond in a timely manner to my questions and concerns. Vicky and her team addressed my every concern within a few minutes. Did I mention they closed in 3 weeks!!!!!!! She turned a nightmare into a wonderful experience! I recommend Cornerstone to anyone that is looking to purchase a home :)
5	Finding the right lender is scary but I was put in touch with Vicki with Cornerstone by way of my real estate agent, Joe Scott for a house that I purchased in Jan 2013 (I'm late with review but you know if, 6 months later, the experience was still THAT good, that says something about the business).  My experience with Vicki and Pierre was AMAZING.  I was a first time home buyer, scared to death, and really worried.  I couldn't have had a better experience with them.  They answered all my questions and multiple emails the same day if not first thing the next morning every time.  They processed my pre-approval in 24 hours so I felt like I could take action quickly and thankfully so because I found an amazing house that Vicki and Pierre were able to get me into in UNDER 30 days.  I know closing in under 30 days is challenging, let alone, what I was needing but again, above and beyond.  I couldn't have had a better experience with them and would recommend their team to anyone and everyone!  THANK YOU!!!!!!
5	We just purchased a short sale and without Pierre and Vicky I'm not sure we could have pulled it of. This was our first home purchase so that alone is intimidating but it being a short sale added to the stress. Our loan was handled very professionally and they work very hard to get it done ASAP. I have nothing great things to say about the entire team at Cornerstone. I will use them again when we need to upgrade.
5	I just completed my second home purchase in 2 years, both times with Vicky and the awesome folks at Cornerstone!  I've purchased 4 homes in my life, and the last 2 were walks in the park compared to the first 2!  The Cornerstone folks are amazing at providing clear instructions, education, and guidance during the entire process.  They also set very clear expectations and help you understand what the buyer's requirements are from step A to ZZ. I know my Realtor/Friend has had great experience both times we've worked with Cornerstone and refers clients as well.In Las Vegas, this is the absolute #1 Lender to work with, hands down!
5	Based on the reviews on Yelp, I reached out to Vicky/Cornerstone as an option for my lender.  Spot on recommendation!Vicky quickly impressed me during our call, and I stopped shopping and decided to move forward with Cornerstone.  From beginning to end, I was very happy with the entire team at Cornerstone and how smooth/painless they made the process.Every single person on my team was friendly, patient, professional and highly responsive.  As a first-time homeowner, with a lot of questions, being able to pick up the phone and get someone to explain something (without being made to feel like a bother) was extremely helpful   They also made it incredibly easy to get the paperwork done (all electronic!) with regular email updates summarizing where we were in the process and what next steps were.  Beyond that, my Realtor and Title representative also commented on how well organized the team was!Couldn't be happier and recommend Cornerstone enough.
5	If I could give 100 stars, I would.  Thank you to Vicky, Pierre and the entire Cornerstone Home Lending team!  We just purchased our first home and the process couldn't have gone more smooth.  All questions were answered quickly and the entire process was absolutely pain free.  Thank you thank you thank you!!!
5	Vicky, Pierre, and the staff at Cornerstone are THE BEST!!! We seriously could not have secured a home loan without them. They took a personal interest in us and making sure that we were able to get our home when the big lending companies did not. We can't thank or recommend them enough!
