5	I can't say enough great things about Scottsdale Child Care.  Isn't it the management/ownership and staff that is critical to deciding where to leave your children.  The owners and employees are extremely good people.  Wonderful values.  Trustworthy and good-hearted.  Their genuine care for children is obvious.  They are fair, don't charge when you don't bring your child in, even though most places do.  Excellent excellent excellent.  Ricole at the Greenway location is the best!!
5	Love, Love, Love this place!  I can't think of sending my children anywhere else!  I know my kids are in good hands when I drop them off, and I know they had a good time when they talk about going to "school."  Cher (the head person) has been there forever and loves all the children.I can't say enough good things about this place!  Please ask if you have something specific.
5	I love Scottsdale Child Care & Learning Centers. My daughter started going there when she was 10 months old. The teachers are wonderful. Not only are they nurturing and kind they are also very interested in each child. My Daughter  has been attending for 6 months now and has graduated to room 2 for toddlers. She knows over 30 words and I attribute much of that to Scottsdale Child Care. She has loved all her teachers and welcomes with open arms each morning when I drop her off. I would recommend this center to any parent, especially if you are nervous about leaving your loved one for the first time.
2	I don't think this place is as great as they say it is.  It's pretty dirty.  Teachers don't pay that close attention.  Our child went here because everyone we knew had their kids here as it was some what reasonable but since being here, we've found so much better.  It's certainly not worth 4+ stars.
5	My daughter and son have attended Scottsdale Learning Center Raintree location, we love the comfortable atmosphere, the staff are wonderful, and they are very helpful on those "difficult" mornings. Our daughter has since moved on from day care to her "big school" and we're very pleased to find that the SLC staff have provided her with the necessary tools to excel both socially and academically. Our son is still attending, and he loves going every day, and we're equally pleased with his progress.
1	If your child doesn't fit the mold of what the staff here is looking for, go somewhere else.  The place has really gone down hill in the 3 1/2 years we have been bringing our son here.  They asked us to take our admittedly rambunctious almost 4-year old elsewhere, since the always-rotating and new staff lacks the training, experience, and interest in caring for a child who does not always want to nap at the prescribed time and who sometimes wants to do his own thing instead of participating in mandatory group activities.The single star is for the handful of caregivers here who are especially interested in development and getting to know and work around the needs of specific children, but unfortunately these individuals only tend to be around for a brief period of time before they rotate out.There are many other very nearby options to choose from who give their employees enough care and treat them well enough that they are able pass that caring attitude along and to treat our children much better than this place does.
3	My husband and I work out of the home as we own a small business.  We are both home with baby 80-85% of the time.  However, the majority of that time my husband is working in the office and I am the primary care giver.  I was looking for a place where we could bring our 1 year old in order to get a few things done on occasion such as having super speed at the grocery store, dental/doctor's appointments, hair/nail appointments, etc.  I decided to try this place as the director Julie and assistant director Teresa seemed extremely nice and gave the impression that they truly cared about my needs as well as the needs of my child.  For example, I explained my child had separation anxiety when we had tried to leave him at the child center of our gym.  Julie seemed to understand this, and advised me that the first time I left him, if I'd like I could just stay and watch from the other side of the room's door the whole time if I wanted.  They also explained that the children would be tended to regularly, diapers checked every hour, and marked on the daily report whether they were soiled, wet, or dry.  I was also told when I picked my child up, I would get a daily activity report showing how & what he did that day.When it came down to the actual experience, the first day, I dropped him off a little after 3:00pm and picked him up between 5:00 and 5:15pm.  The "teacher" encouraged me to just hand him over and quickly leave.  I asked if I could stay and watch him start to play and get used to his new surroundings thinking it may help him to see I was still there for a while.  When I returned to pick him up, I got the written report which stated he cried for the first 30 minutes and then whined for 20 minutes after that.  It also said he refused to eat or drink anything the entire time.  I have never known my child to refuse a bottle (even at the child center in our gym).  The hourly diaper check blank for 5:00pm was not filled out, but he did have a fully poofed diaper so I guess they got too busy to check it.  Oh well.  Not a huge deal one time I figured.  It was his first time . . . tough day I thought.So, I brought him back a couple of days later.  This time, when I picked him up at 5:15pm, again they had not filled out the 5:00pm diaper check spot on the progress report.  It was left blank again.  However, this time I could smell, he obviously had number 2 in his diaper when they handed him to me over the door.  Also, the section where they are supposed to fill out how/what he did that day was completely blank.  ?????  What the????  So, Julie asked me on the way out how he did, and I replied that I did not know because nothing was filled out on the form.  She went with me to ask the "teacher."  She told me that they usually only fill that section of the form out on the first day.  THE FIRST DAY?!?!?!  That's it???  What's the point of having it on the daily form then?  When she was asked, she just said he refused his bottle again and again cried for 30 minutes and whined for about 20.  Next, I asked if I could use the restroom to change my baby because my baby obviously had #2 in his diaper.  Then they told me that the girls could change him for me before I left.  I agreed to this and handed my baby back over the wall again.  The"teacher" hurriedly grabbed my baby and slammed him down on the hard changing table without a pad.  Not to hurt him or anything, but it was certainly more rough than I would have done it, and I would have put some padding down.  Then, he tried to lift his head not liking that he was given to his mommy and then taken away again so quickly and she slammed his head back down on the hard changing table surface.  Again, she didn't mean to do it so hard and said, "Ooopss," as she saw me cringe.  Anyway, although the directors are nice caring people.  The teachers are young girls and are either not trained properly or just choosing not to do what is being promised by the directors when you sign up as far as what is to be written on those daily reports.  We went those 2 times and will not be back.Another reason we will not be returning is that this facility requires you leave your child at least 3 days per week.  We do not need that much assistance caring for our child.  It was causing me more stress making sure I got my child to the center enough than it causes me to bring my child with me to the grocery store, doctor, etc.  It's not worth having to worry about.  In addition to that, if you can't make it in by 10:30am, but you still want your part-time child to come in that day, they ask you to call to tell them you are coming.  There are just too many hoops to jump through.  Too much trouble to follow all of these procedures.  It's structure overload if you ask me.  Again, it's too bad because I really do love the directors.  They are really the reason I'm giving 3 stars.  That and the fact that they do provide free diapers and free food which you will not find elsewhere.
5	I have been taking my daughter to scottsdale learning center for a few months now and we both enjoy everything about it! My daughter would ask me when the next time she'll be going back.
1	I'm going to try to be as reasonable as possible. I am not one to just bash and berate a business. However, my experience here was not great and has taken me a GREAT deal of time to get over what had happened. My daughter was new to daycare and two at the time. She had a great deal of separation, and after discussing this with my sister (who is a teacher herself) on a particularly teary drive home after drop off she encouraged me to go check on her to ease my mind. Great idea! They mentioned an "open door" policy to me when I signed up. So, I turned around and headed back to the facility to check on my little one. I walked up to the class room door and saw my daughter lying on her back screaming on a pillow. No teacher near her. No comfort. No care.. No wonder she screamed in terror every time i dropped her off. Literally holding on to the door way to prevent me from making her go in the room. We were there less than 3 weeks and I saw her classroom change staff 3 times, NO JOKE. I even questioned the director on this because and she said  they were "in between" staff. So much more happened in those three weeks (wrong sippy cup sent home with her 99% of the time, lost her shoes, piled blankets on the floor, dirty diapers in a bag in the corner of the room when i would pick her up) but that day was the last straw. The staff called me later that day because I stormed out of there in tears, so I will accept this one star minimum for the fact they are PRETTY good at acting like they care. However, damage was done, I would not be returning.The only reason I was there for 3 weeks is because I was new to the whole child care facility thing because I had been at home with my kids the whole time. I thought these things were typical. Until I found a new place but the guilt of not trusting my gut and getting her out earlier will never leave me.I changed her to a new preschool and she cried the FIRST day only for less than 30 minutes (because I immediately turned around to check). Her preschool teacher has been at the facility for 10 years. There is a reason SLC keeps rotating staff. We have been at her new preschool since October of 2013 and have not had a single issue. My daughter literally jumps into their arms upon arrival from the excitement. A VAST DIFFERENCE FROM SCOTTSDALE LEARNING CENTER!Hopefully things have changed since then, but if you question yourself about this place....Trust your instincts.
