1	I also joined Del Frisco's for their complimentary Lunch to help train their staff.  I will go into the details later, but for the $20 tip that I left for the service, I would have rather had a sandwich at the local deli.  First, as you walk in, you are greeted by a throng of women wearing rather short skirts.  I had to ask if this was going to be a restaurant known for their women servers or their food.  I think the former.  If I wanted eye candy, I would have gone to twin peaks or the tilted kilt.  Anyway, the menu was limited and your entire party  had to share a plain paper menu.  I was surprised that they couldn't afford to make copies so that the entire party could have their own menu.  That was the first red flag.  Then, you had to share one appetizer, no matter how large your party.  So, if you ordered the deviled eggs and you had 4 in your party, everyone would have 1/2 egg for their appetizer.  BTW, their deviled eggs were very ordinary.  Red flag number 2.  Then, for your main entree, the party had to each pick different entrees and could not pick the same one.  If this was truely a training exercise,  why would it matter.  I ordered the green chili burger that had no green chili on it and tasted like a fancy Big Mac, the fries were cold.  My companion had the salmon which looked and tasted great.  The entire lunch, including two drinks would have cost $80.00.  I had other workmates that also had similar experiences.  A table of 4 had a bill over $140.00.  If this is supposed to be a truely casual lunch spot, hence the "grill" name, then it is way over priced.
5	Awesome food and service!  The crab cakes were amazing.  The Philly cheesesteak roll was unique.  Good pizza too.   This is a must for anyone who enjoys great food, great atmosphere and great service.   The upstairs patio is phenomenal.
5	Del Frisco's Grille is the latest upscale restaurant  in the Camelback Corridor in Phoenix, & its a  hit! Located just steps away from the MercBar, the AMC movie theater, and the Arizona Biltmore and the Ritz Carlton tower this is a great place to start a fun evening.Combining a comfortable yet hip atmosphere with a exciting savory menu, and crafted cocktails, it's a great place to take a romantic date, or to catch up with friends. The bar, upstairs, has breathtaking views of Squaw Peak and the Arizona sunset.
3	Ok so I was hoping for the best with Del Friscos as I am from Texas and am familiar with the brand. I' m going to review in a few weeks to hopefully see some changes but tonight was a bit overwhelming. We sat at the bar and although there were 7 people behind the bar nobody approached us for about 10 minutes. Then we had to ask to order dinner. It was actually amusing as there had to have been 3 staff for every diner but I 'm not sure how many of them knew what they were doing. The uniforms....well not sure but I do agree that the shorts are too short and the fish nets a bit over the top,The food was really food so we will return.
2	I really hesitate to write this review, but - I am doing it with the sincere hope that it might actually help improve this place.  I REALLY want to see it succeed as I work close by and would like to come here often.  But...I have a bad feeling so far...I read the reviews so far and several mentioned the exact experience/impression I have of this place after two visits (I went a second time really hoping it would be better).1) The music is too loud.  The first time I went i sat in the upstairs/outdoor bar and I was struggling to hear the people at my table less than 2 feet from me.  It was not only loud, but the music selection was...odd - for this type of place (which I thought would be upscale/casual/elegant).  Maybe they're going for a different scene/crowd, but this alone would keep me away.  Don't get me wrong - I like music - all types, but the music here doesn't really work (in my opinion) for the location and who (I think) is the customer here.2) Please don't make the servers wear fishnet stockings and tight black dresses.  It looks ridiculous - doesn't work at all - and just adds to the "what is this place going for?" overall confusion.  I like a cute girl as much as the next guy - but that's all I need to make me happy.  A cute girl bringing me drinks/food and not feeling like she has to put on the Hooter's "hey I'm a cute girl paying attention to the middle age guy" schtick.  It's fake and kind of silly.  They're all very nice, but please managers/owners - don't make them do this.3) The food (at least what I had on my 2nd attempt) was very very average.  I had the (I think $14) green chile burger which was almost exactly as good as almost exactly the same burger at Zipp's (for half the price).  Now, don't go food expert crazy on me - I'm sure there must be some difference in the quality of the beef, or something.  But for me - average guy - it was not distinguishable.  You've just got to step it up for this price.  And...the cheesy cutting board (or whatever it is) instead of a plate - really?Like I said - I REALLY want this place to work and still be around in 2 years.  So, I'm going to go in a couple more times over the next few months and if somethings good/better I'll happily modify my review.  But guys (owner/manager) there are just too many great options for great food in this area.  It could be that I'm not your target customer, but...I'm a middle age professional male who works right at the intersection - so I think I am.I am sincerely hoping for improvement...
2	The complimentary, efficient valet and steak salad are the stars of this new steak house.The service is the distraction; hostess was insistent that we provide our name for the list although we are clear that our eats will be in the bar.  (they actaully do no follow up with us although we are now on the list - huh?!?)The bar maintained the same layout as Houston's had. However the handful of bartenders never connect and they begin the intimate relationship with a request for a credit card for the tab. Lots of activity behind the bar with napkin folding, glass washing and comraderie (9 to 10 pm) and we flag them down for water, again for eats, for a bill, then to pay the bill - even with debit cards clearly lined up with bill in glass on bar. A waitress apologizes for a delay with the steak salad and offers a complimentary dessert. We never see the generous gal again nor was the offer apparently passed onto our flock of inattentive servers. One of the best steak salads in the 'hood with a perfectly grilled steak and lightly dressed lemon horseradish dressing. Our valet responds to a text to grab the car. With a smile from the young man, we escape the rudeness of Del Frisco's into the Arizona night.
2	Like many other reviewers here, I was confused by the attire of the female servers. However, they all seemed very nice and helpful.  The decor is really nice and when you match that to the menu prices, they seem to want an affluent customer.  However, the food was just ok especially for the price.  I had the green chile burger and it was average at best.  I thought the bun was too dry for my tastes so I finished my burger sans bun.  The fries or "frites" were nothing special either.  Today, with so many gourmet / upscale burger offerings in the market, this doesn't really measure up.  As someone who works in the Esplanade, I really want Del Frisco's to succeed so I'll try them out again sometime soon. I've been told the steak salad is excellent, so I'll order that next time.
1	Dined at this restaurant last night. Aesthetically, the place was very nice. The hostess nice. Upon entering we were greeting with "welcome." We approached the host stand and said "two please" Things got awkward as she seems to be seating us, then another older women ask sharply "Are you here for... drinks... or...what" and I say "were here for dinner..." Didn't think that I would have to explain I was here to eat food. If I were going to the bar... I wouldn't have visited the hostess?? Odd.Tables were small and very crowded with glasses, plates, etc. (after ordering wine, the server should have taken away the wine list... especially since it was crowded.)The server was nice but not very professional... My boyfriend ordered a beer. 1st it was "they're changing the keg." Ten minutes later "OH... you still have no beer?" Then another ten minutes later "Oh, NOW they tell me we have no more kegs of that beer" He couldn't even name off their 6ish beer selection without looking at the bar taps. He finally got a beer and we were still charged for the 1st beer, and no manager visited.During our appetizer (Pesto chicken flatbread) server asked how we liked it and My Boyfriend replied "I don't really care for it... it's just not what i expected" and the server Replies "Its okay. You don't have to like it." WHAT THE WHAT?!?!?! Who says that?? If I'm at your restaurant, I had better love it. LATER, I am still eating the flatbread (because i'm paying for it) and The server asks me "Are you ready for me to box that?" Obviously not, i'm eating it. Very odd... The staff seems really unpolished. I asked for no mushrooms on my dish, he said they could do that. Later I find that if you don't get the mushrooms, then you end up with a dry dish because they won't give you any sauce. Had I known, I would have made another decision. They did end up bringing me sauce when i asked. It did not help the stroganoff dish i had ordered. The meat on the dish was good,but the noodles were a little crunchy, (from heat lamp+plus no sauce?) the fried onion garnish was not needed, nor appropriate for that dish, IMO. The "sauce" was no more than a few bouillon cubes, in some water. NOT WORTH 29 BUCK! NOT WORTH OVER 15.BF got a "two fist sandwich". It was "the smallest sandwich i've ever seen". He said the sweet potato fries were good. A strange twist... The restaurant is adorned with large double bottles of "silver oak" ($$$) and other labels that all have a certain stigma about them.... With this surrounding me, I would not expect a 17 dollar sandwich to come wrapped in paper, like subway. Again, very strange concept. all and all, it was an $80 dinner, That was weird, off-putting and left a lot to be desired. Not what we expected when looking at the design of the restaurant. We were trying this out for a celebratory dinner... No way in hell.
3	I really wanted to be blown away, but I need to reserve judgement.You are greeted at the door by some delightfully attractive young women who are helpful and cheerful in the extreme. Fem-bot-a-riffic. Not really a problem, you might say? Well, yeah. . . maybe for guys who didn't grow up watching reruns of "The Stepford Wives". The model of female obsequious serverdom can be taken too far, and putting them all in LBD's with black stockings and heels kinda nudged it even further towards the creepy. And this is coming from a guy who gleefully enjoys topless bars.But anyway.We were escorted to the open-air bar up top which seems more than pleasant enough, what with misters and the sort of premium outdoor furniture you'd see in a porn maven's Scottsdale mansion. Or Chandler. I ordered my martini from our server who in our presence feigned the sort of utter awe that brought to mind what must have possessed Indonesian cargo cults when they finally greeted Cessnas loaded with Zippo lighters and nylons. The martini was . . . well . .  it was alcohol. It came as I ordered it.The appetizers consisted of some wings with a slightly-sweet slightly-hot sauce. The selling point was that they were kinda "Frenched" in some way that made them recall lolipops. Lolipops. Like a precocious little girl might suck upon. Loli. Lolipops. Anyway, I would rate them about a 6 or so on the wings scale.My companion ordered the pimento poppers and sent them back. Not impressed enough to keep them around. To Del Frisco's credit, they are very generous about taking back items you've found less than up to expectations, and our server was very open about their policy. The deviled eggs with truffle oil that followed were more palatable, but nothing to write home about.So, Del Frisco's is in my 'hood and i would love to recommend it as a must-visit, but I am holding back a bit until a full dinner. At this point I see it as an expense-account destination where I can take predominately male out-of-town visitors to see some terrific looking-wait staff who will make them feel like Elvis. I don't see it as a datenight or happy hour hangout. Thus the three stars. I like good values for datenights and happy hour.
5	Come and experience this place for yourself before you weigh too much on the negative comments.  Staff is friendly and very accommodating, the food was GREAT, and the ambiance at lunch and dinner is upscale but not stuffy.  A place anyone can feel at home, even if you do not think you are dressed the part.  You can get a quick, reasonably priced bite to eat as they are conscious of your time OR you can go all out and spend all night having an amazing experience.  Try it out and form your own opinion, it is a new place and they have kinks to work out but they want to earn our business.
5	Great food, and service! Chicken pesto flatbread is amazing! Mac & cheese - wow!
4	I have to say I am a total fan of the food and our server Chad was great.  But I thought it was lame that he couldn't wear his eyelet earrings or his hair in a totally retro fohawk but all the women that worked there looked like they were dressed for a sexy night out on the town.  I don't mind that the ladies were all strutting around with all their naughty bits on display but give us lady patrons something to ogle too!  How about putting the guys in fitted shirts and allowing their personalities to shine through adornment and coiffed hair.  But back to the food, for an appetizer I tried the deviled eggs and they were wonderful and big!  No slacking on the portion size.  We were a large group so I got to sample the burger, grilled cheese sandwich with roasted tomato bisque, the french dip and beef stroganoff.  Every single one was heavenly and delicious!  I also like the plating of the food.  I will be back.
4	Had dinner the other night with a party of six and everything was fantastic. My first shout out goes to the wine list - it is impressive. I will even go so as far to say that it is the best wine list I've seen in the valley to date. They have Ghost Block! They have a selection of  Chateauneuf du Pape! And the list of less expensive wines is equally impressive.My server Tara was friendly and helpful. We didn't have to wait long for anything and somehow she always seemed to know when we needed something. Her food suggestions were spot on.Everything I ate was delicious. And this is coming from a vegetarian in a steak house. And the others raved about their meals as well. The Ahi tacos and crab cakes were split evenly, but there was grumbling over who got the last bits. The sole and the scallops presented beautifully and  were delicious. I loved the asparagus and my boyfriend raved about the Mac and cheese. But the big hit of the night? Dessert! We had the bread pudding and I swear I saw my friend licking the plate when she thought no one was looking. My son got the adult milkshake. He actually asked to see the menu again so he could write down the description and try to recreate it at home. With everyone oohing and ahhing I had to have a taste. It was nutella heaven with a straw.I recommend this restaurant for any occasion, or no occasion. I can't wait to go back.
4	Lets keep it Simple...Great PlaceFun environmentCool DecorLove the "uniforms"Good FoodGood Prices450 Wines, AMAZING!Customer Service Rocks!
5	I started with one of their signature cocktails, the Skirt Chaser, which combines two of my favorite things: St. Germain and Hendrick's.  Don't be afraid of the Tabasco, I didn't really taste it.  I could have kept ordering them all night!We started with the crab cake, which was amazing.  Most crab cakes are mostly bread crumbs but this was just sweet, tasty crab, plain and simple.  I could have gobbled the whole thing.  The sauce they serve with it had a little kick, and was amazing.My entree was the veal meatloaf, which was probably the most tender yet satisfying thing I have ever eating.  It was somehow light and airy and stick-to-your-ribs at the same time, and came perched atop a pile of house made mashed potatoes.For dessert, I deferred to the mother-in-law and let her order the coconut cream pie.  I would have preferred something chocolate since I don't usually like coconut, but in this case we definitely made the right choice.  The coconut cream pie came covered in a cloud of freshly whipped cream and covered in white chocolate slivers.  I can honestly say that is was the most delicious dessert I have ever tasted.  I woke up the next morning craving another piece!Overall, Del Frisco's provided an amazing gastronomic experience and I will definitely be back!
2	Been there twice. Service and food average at best. The bar staff is confused and untrained. With the other options in the area Del Frisco's is not worth the time. After you have a drink and check out the view from the roof, head elsewhere to eat!!!
5	Food was very good, and service was great!
5	I have had numerous business lunches at Del Frisco's Grille, and the service has been excellent every time. The servers are all friendly and professional. The lunch menu is simple and easy to follow - I've tried just about everything, with the chicken avocado wraps being my favorite. I would also highly recommend the crabcake as a starter. The fact that they take reservations for lunch makes it an extremely convenient spot in the Camelback corridor. If you are looking for a good, quick, business-friendly restaurant, I would highly recommend DFG.
3	Having been to Del Frisco's in Denver twice, I was anticipating the opening of this restaurant!  It's ok, I definitely would prefer Houston's/Hillstone over this one...Pro's:The complimentary valetService & professionalismAmbianceDrinksLemon DessertCons:Everything was kinda greasyMeat tastes prepackagedNot that great of value for the price...We might go for some appetizers again, but definitely would try somewhere else first.
5	First off, let me lead by stating I've been to several of the Del Frisco's chains around the country, including Las Vegas, Houston and NYC. Ladies and gentlemen, this is NOT one of those (Double Eagle's), so comparing them is not applicable. They DO, however, feature some of their steaks and they definitely live up to the same expectations. I went there mid June with a party of six, and EVERYTHING from start to finish was fabulous.  Those of you who've complained about too much service should go to McDonalds, as your opinion lacks merit. Who the HELL has ever complained about too much service?!?  I would highly recommend any of the steaks (the Filet being my favorite) as well as the stroganoff.  The crab cakes are phenomenal and the spicy shrimp flatbread will knock your sock off. Get a round of their honey badger shots to kick the night off. Wine selection is excellent and ambience is equally impressive. As with any newly established restaurant, I'm sure there are some kinks to work out, but I have ZERO complaints.  I've never gone for lunch, so can not speak on its excellence, but given the nighttime experience, I'm certain you'll be delighted. Enjoy this place!!!
2	The positives:The upstairs patio is very nice and the misting ceiling fans certainly make being outdoors in the Summer a wonderful thing. Thats the only positive unfortunately.The negatives:Over-priced, average food, noisy, and the layout of the restaurant is ridiculous. The servers and patrons are wandering everywhere bumping into each other and getting to the bathroom is impossible as all of the restaurant staff seem to be congregating and going back to the kitchen through this narrow passage? Weird? In addition, I have never been to a restaurant that forgot to charge us for an entree, then realized it after we had closed out our bill and came back and asked us to pay for it? We did not even realize they had not charged it since our bill was so expensive to begin with?I would steer clear of this place and try the number of quality restaurants with equal quality of service in this area. Hillstone, True Food, Seasons 52, Christophers, and the list goes on. This place just can't compete.
4	Great vibe when you walk in. It feels like a happening Scottsdale hotspot and it is. You walk in the place is literally pulsing with music and people (all ages). We were ushered into a quiet room and greeted by Tory, who recommended the VIP specialty cocktail. Hubby had one and it was delicious- a pineapple infused vodka martini. Normally not my thing but it was good. We chose our entrees and a nice bottle of Schug cab-merlot blend that was reasonably priced. For dinner, hubby had the chicken schnitzel- sounds funny at a steak house but he loved it. It was pounded thin and covered in zucchini accents on pappardelle. Yummy, but too big for me! :) I had my dream dinner- a beautiful medium rare cooked strip steak over a delicious salad with arugula, blue cheese, lettuce, baby tomatoes and a lemon vinagrette. Absolutely perfect. It was accented by two deviled eggs that my husband immediately whisked off of my plate. Finally, the meal was completed with a chocolate bread pudding and adult milkshake, which was not too sweet. All in all, a great experience and we will be back. The service, starting with Tory and complemented by the bussers, was superb. Great job!
4	We loved the look of this place, the great, enthusiastic service from all the staff, and enjoyed the food, with the exception of the side of sauteed spinach, which was thick and gloppy. It was more like an appetizer spinach dip with cheese and bacon, but somehow the flavor was bland.  Loved the steak salad and beef stroganoff. We'll be back!
2	Applebees quality, Capital Grille prices.  Would not go back at half the price.
3	After driving by Del Frisco's Grille several times during  construction I could not wait for the place to open. I enjoyed going to Houston's which was previous located at the same spot and liked the idea that the added an outdoor patio and bar on the second floor.We arrived at Friday around 9 pm and surprisingly were seated right away. The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice and clean and the staff was very nice greeting us and getting us seated.We started out with the Lettuce Wedge which was nicely chilled and very tasty.Unfortunately this did not apply for our main entree.I had the Smoked Pork Chop which was huge (perhaps too big). The chop was covered with way too much BBQ Sauce and the idea serving it over grit and fried apple rings did not go very well with the meal.The wife on the other hand ordered the Sole Francese Breaded Fish Filet which was served with no sides, tastes way too fishy and again was just boring.We finished the evening off with one shot of Tequila and a cup of coffee.After tip this came out to close to $120 not included the valet parking.I can have the same type of meal at Maestro's City Grill which will leave me smiling for days.I urge everybody to check the place out at least once.If management should read this post I would like to make one other suggestion.Please get rid of the "Do things right and feed everyman" or at least change it to "everybody"Thank you.PS: Management did follow up on my review. Two thumbs up for their friendly email.
5	Went in with a friend at 3pm for a drink.  Wow, this place sparkles.  They have a patio upstairs with a great view of Camelback mountain but, too hot so we sat at the bar inside.  Our server/bartender was Melissa.  She poured a great drink or three and was extemely easy to talk to.  Ok, it wasnt busy but, this kinda attention deserves way more than the average gratuity.  I had the crabcake appetizer for $10, small but delicious and full of real lump crab.  My friend had the chicken wings with the meat pulled to the top, super easy to eat and very tasty.As night shift began to drift in, I couldnt help notice that they all had sexy nylons(I love that look) cause Im old) to complement their black shorts.  Tasteful and sexy.I will be back for dinner soon!
3	I want this place to be good and do well! So hopefully they are reading these and make the tweaks to make it better!Had plans to meet up with friends on a Saturday about 6pm. Not sure what the crowd was like, so we called for a reservation. They said the soonest they could seat us was around 8. We said screw it, showed up at 6pm anyway and had drinks at the bar for a 15 minute wait - Go figure! When you enter, a couple of cute girls in black dresses open the door and welcome you. Place was not crowded... maybe 4 tables seated and a handful of folks at the bar. The bartender Carmela was really nice and gave us service with a smile. Got seated and we asked the hostess what her favorite items were on the menu. She mentioned the Cheese steak egg rolls and the pesto chicken flat bread. Vince, our server arrived and gave us the lowdown of the menu. We decided on sharing the Chicken Pesto Flat bread and Cheese steak egg rolls. Flat bread came and it was just alright. I could have used more toppings and flavor. Kinda bland. The Cheese steak Egg rolls had a great crunchy outside with a splash of sweet and sour, but I was looking for something to dip it in. It needed something to dip it in! The meat and cheese in the egg roll was really rich and salty. I wanted more. For dinner, I had the Hatch Green Chili Cheese Burger. I knew better, but crap! It was an OK burger, very juicy, but it needed a lot more green chili! The fries it comes with are thin and tasty. The Mrs had the Chicken schnitzel - I had a few bites. Again, it needed something. Some richness, some brown gravy, dunno. but a little bland. The other couple with us mentioned that the bread on the steak sandwich was not a good choice. It was a boring roll. It is a little overpriced for what you get. We spent about $120 with drinks for 2. Food - please get better! Service: Excellent! When we were done eating the apps and the meal, there was a team of 3-4 guys swooping in to take away and supply new silverware and/or offer a to go box. Vince seemed a little nervous, but took very good care of us. Atmosphere: Excellent! This is what you are paying for! The bar is a cool place to just sit and watch and have a few beers. Later in the evening they open the doors and let the outside in. The restaurant seems like they jammed all this furniture inside and is kinda loud. They have servers barely able to squeeze between tables. It confuses me. Upstairs Patio: After dinner, we went up top to the patio for drinks... AWESOME! Great views, 2 TVs, great service and plenty of room to sit from bar tables and chairs to couches. If anything go here just for the patio. You can also eat up there too. So the hostesses wear short black dresses and are cute and nice. The servers also wear fishnets or black hose too - BIG EFFING DEAL. Don't let this keep you from going there.
4	***This review based on happy hour only.I'm excited about this place.  While I was slightly disappointed in the complete lack of happy hour drink or food specials (how can you refuse to acknowledge happy hour??), by the time I left, I was still a fan.  My optimistic potential viewpoint is based on these 2 unique factors:1) amazing rooftop bar.  Seriously.  We were up there at about 8:30pm on a 102-degree day, and it was honestly comfortable!  I had been skeptical that we'd be able to make it, but between the misters and canvas "retractable ceiling tiles," it was a pleasant way to view an amazing sunset over Camelback and Squaw Peak.  This view is fantastic and I am glad that Del Frisco's is taking full advantage of it.  This rooftop is simply cool, and made me feel like I was in a real, proper city!2) complimentary valet.  But even better than just the complimentary valet right in front of the restaurant, the valet also has an option where you can text them 10 minutes before you're ready to go, and your car will be pulled up when you walk out.  This makes this place a very convenient place to meet up without having to deal with parking!The cocktails and wine list were pretty standard, and we had a flatbread pizza that was really yummy.  But it was the rooftop bar and valet that will make me come back -- and next time, stay for dinner.
4	Very impressive food, staff and the decor is amazing. You will enjoy the roof top lounge. The bar staff know how to make a wide variety of new drinks. The filet mignon was perfectly prepared. I eat at a lot of nice places and this one is a new favorite of mine. Adios Houston's and good riddance. Welcome to the new gem of the area.
2	Looking forward to a nice lunch at a new place.  With my bride and mother-in-law we were quickly seated and offered a beverage.  My wife requested a buttery Chardonnay and the waiter recommended the more expensive of the two on the menu.  The mother-in- law requested a crisper style Chard which the server said was the other available.Unfortunately, the server was either mistaken or trying to up sell my wife.  The more expensive Chard was clearly a crisper style.  However, it was a simple task of switching glasses to achieve the desired result.  On to the food selection which was curiously limited and uninspired.  A couple of flatbreads and a sandwich ended up being the choices.  The roasted tomato flatbread was a winner with a nice flavoring of cilantro setting off the tasty fruit.  The chicken flatbread was not as successful, but no obvious flaws. My shaved prime rib sandwich was large with tender and surprisingly tasteless beef.  It had been cooked to the point that only a healthy dose of horseradish could bring it back to life.  The accompanying shoestrings had a good flavor, so it's a shame they were lukewarm and therefore more greasy than they otherwise should be.The service was prompt and courteous.  The surroundings were  professional and crisp.  But the noise level in the place was off putting.  Between the moderately bad acoustics and the overly loud generic music, it was tough to have a reasonable conversation without raised voices and more than a couple "huhs?". For a joint that probably has a good number of business lunches, the noise level certainly isn't conducive to making a deal.Nothing special.  A tad expensive.  Equals an experience not likely to be repeated.
2	Having eaten at Del Frisco's in NYC numerous times I was excited to see them come to Phoenix. There are some kinks that need repair before I can say I would visit, much less recommend this place.The bad: (i) apparently the bartender had never mixed a Sidecar before. After the second try I explained to the apologetic waiter how to make one. The third attempt was less miserable and i decided to let it go. there are many excellent bartenders in Phoenix; hopefully one will find his/her way to Del Frisco's soon. (ii) after being asked our water preference, water never appeared to our table. Perhaps it was a hypothetical question only. (iii) the wrong appetizers were delivered to our table. After the mix-up was repaired one in our party still had the wrong order. (iv) the noise level is akin to a Scottsdale bar, so conversation is at shouting level.The good: (i) Our steaks were prepared to order and delicious. (ii) the wait staff, while seemingly inexperienced, was very friendly. There's considerable competition in the steakhouse and grille space in Phoenix and at this point I would have to say Del Frisco's falls short. Perhaps after some of the kinks are worked out this will be among the better steakhouses in the Valley. Today, not so much.
4	This Dels is so different from Denver's and wow am I into it!  We stopped in here for a drink when we couldn't find the place we were trying to go to and it was great.  Incredibly modern and boarder line swanky but it is Phoenix so it works.  Quick service and good drinks.  We didn't eat but I am sure meat eaters would love it!
4	I am reviewing the desserts.  Yes the desserts.  I've had the drinks (which veer on the sweet side).  I've had the food (which is like Houston's really but spiffed up) but the desserts are to die for.  Specifically the nutella bread pudding but the one to sit down for and weep over is the coconut cream pie.  I generally don't have these pies as the whipped cream does nothing for me.  But this time, even with non-coconut eaters we were doing battle over the crumbs.  The crumbs themselves.  Go and get yourself a coconut cream pie.  Their "happy endings" menu actually could turn ugly if someone doesn't get me a fork asap.
5	Stopped by Del Frisco's Grille for a quick meal before heading to a movie and was pleasantly surprised by the food and service.  My friend and I started out with a a VIP martini.  VIP stands for vodka infused pineapple and it was perfect.  The menu offered some interesting and delicious sounding items but we both settled in on "comfort food".  Even though it was a hot day outside, we each ordered the tomato soup with a grilled cheese sandwich.  The soup was excellent, thick and rich.  The sandwich was the best grilled cheese I have ever had.  The restaurant was fairly empty when we arrived (on a Sunday afternoon) but it was filling up as we left to catch our 6:00 movie.  Del Frisco's offers a pleasant atmosphere and the wine cellar is quite impressive.  The service was impeccable.  Tony, our server, was friendly, helpful and eager to meet our expectations.  Two of the managers took the time to stop by and give us a bit of a history of the restaurant & locations.  Both of them wanted to make sure that our dining experience was positive and were interested in our feedback.  They offered us a dessert "on the house" and it was a fabulous lemon layer cake.  Based on this experience I can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on their menu.  Even though the location at the Esplande is a little "out of the way" it's worth the effort to try it out.  If this meal was typical then I can't wait to go back and bring more friends!
4	We dined here this past weekend and took advantage of their Restaurant Week menu.  All in all, it was a good experience but there were a few hiccups. The deviled egg appetizer is divine and not to be missed.  The VIP cocktail (which I think is just infused vodka) is delicious.  My filet was cooked very well and the roasted corn grits were phenomenal.  The hot fudge sundae was one of the poorest excuses for a dessert that I've seen in a while.  The ice cream was high quality but I did not spy so much as a thimble-ful of the salted caramel that is promised.  Also, I think the "hot fudge" is Hershey's chocolate sauce which is a no-no in my book.  We were seated right next to the pass so I saw that three hot fudge sundaes sat there for quite some time before they were delivered to us.  We also had to specifically ask for the restaurant week menus which felt odd.    I think it's priced a bit on the high side but perhaps if more restaurants move back into the Esplanade, they will be a little more competitive.
4	Probably the best roof-top bar in Phoenix. I highly recommend you sit up there if it is nice out. Must tries: cheesesteak egg rolls, deviled eggs with chive truffle oil and the filet mignon with Cajun lobster sauce on fire-roasted corn grits. Recently I had horribly slow service there, but the food and atmosphere is 5 stars.
4	Each time we visit Del Frisco's the experience has been great. The menu is typical steakhouse fare and the appetizers are a bit strange... cheesesteak eggrolls?! I will say the deviled eggs are FAB and someone recently told me about their steak salad, which is a New York strip atop some greens with a horseradish lemon dressing... that's worth another trip! Chad and Paul you rawk!!
2	where to start...... the service is absolutely wonderful. no complaints there! not that there is really anything to really complain about. the food is good and the atmosphere is very trendy. even though it's a casual place - it's a dressed up kind of casual place. women will definitely feel under dressed if they're not wearing a skirt/dress or dressy blouse with their jeans & heels.anyway - the food was good. we tried the ahi tuna tacos for the appetizer & it was tasty! first time i've had them and I was content. the filet was next as well as the steakhouse salad. both were pretty good.i think the downfall for us is that the food was good, but not GREAT for the price. seemed a little over priced for what we ordered. if we go back it'll most likely be for drinks & the ambience.
4	I've been here twice, once for restaurant week and once for a rooftop happy hour. I think this is definitely a place I'll frequent for after work drinks and apps, but not for dinner.The cheesesteak eggrolls were a very strange combo. My tastebuds seemed confused the whole time I was eating them. They were good, but i'm not sure I would order them again. I also had the filet over grits, not a fan. How can you mess up filet? Luckily, my fiance shared his New York Strip with me which was delish. Desserts were awful. I could make a better ice cream sundae at home, and we each took one bite of the cheesecake and were done. Worst cheesecake I've ever had.Now, happy hour was a different story. You can't go wrong with their rooftop lounge. I thoroughly enjoyed my wine, mac & cheese (a little spicy and topped with cornflakes) and cheese fritters. The flat bread was pretty good and the Ahi tacos were just ok. Service was good. All in all, I would recommend drinks and apps here.
3	wasn't bad, but wasn't good...not sure if another chance is in their future. Might have given the 3rd star based on the hostess gushing about my hair! we were sat quickly and there we sat for 10 minutes without anyone coming over...finally a server " would you like ice or bottle"   No, sorry for the wait can I get you a drink - we will bring over water as well which would you prefer?our drinks came quickly after that and we ordered.   food arrived within a normal time frame for lunch.  One of the diners at our table had ordered sweet potato fries with her sandwich and the waiter had even stated "what a great choice".    Some other server brought our food and when the sandwich arrived with regular fries we spoke up about the error - the server stated that he would make it right...well it wasn't until our regular server came over 5 minutes later was it resolved.    they did leave the regular fries on the table and told the rest of us to enjoy them.  Nice touch as most places do take them away. Food was ok - not amazing - not memorable even to write about.we did get one of those surveys to do and then get $20 off our next bill - we might just do it and grab some dessert one afternoon when dragging at work.  Otherwise, there are just too many other restaurants around here where service and food are top notch....just not here.
4	We really liked it at lunch before we flew off to Vegas.  My wife loved the filet steak special for lunch and my steak salad was great as well. The coconut pie we split was ridiculous - in great taste and size. I'm surprised by the poor reviews and if the girls working there don't mind what they're wearing,(not that risque really) why should you?
5	I visited Del Frisco's after reading in Chow Bella that they are serving brunch now.  I haven't been back to that area since the former occupants moved. The restaurant has beautiful decor and they had inside, patio, and seating up stairs.  I was happy with all of the options because most places don't ask.  The server recommended the Crab Cake Benedict and normally I not a Benedict gal because it is so heavy but this was a different take on it.  It was focaccia bread with a generous portion of crab on top.  It also had two poached eggs with asparagus spears and a light lobster sauce.  It....was....amazing.  Here's the best part;  I was able to get a carafe of mimosas for 10 bucks.  Oh I was a happy girl with all of the good food a generous libations.  They also had red velvet waffles that is a must on my next trip.Several people came over to check on me and this is the best brunch I've had in a while.  Great food, great service, and got to take in football without the sports bar crowdUpdate - I just got a personalized card from my server thanking me for my business.  Awesome that they did this....bad that this is the only time I can recall getting this from a business. Thank you Oscar.
4	Comp disclosure:  Generally not one to visit chains - even mini-chains deemed best new concept by respected publications - I have to admit that when a fellow gourmand posted photos of the croque madame at Del Frisco's Grille's new brunch I swooned a little bit; little did I know that less than a week later I'd receive an invite to attend a complimentary blogger's brunch on November 3rd at 12:30pm. Equally fond of these events (perhaps less so) than I am of chains given the inherent biases involved I will say that I waxed and waned as to whether I should attend but after e-mailing and being assured that I could write as I like, I figured why not?Located directly across from the Biltmore Del Frisco's Grille is a swanky space befitting the upscale location and with high ceilings, an airy design giving way to a lovely patio, and an open kitchen juxtaposing a well stocked bar and walls of wine the space has all the curves and contours of a modern top end steakhouse without feeling heavy or bourgeois in the least. Light and sexy with blonde wood, black lacquer, and beige tile throughout an added bonus on this particular afternoon was the four televisions each visible from the outdoor patio, each showing a different college football game.Croque Madame: A must order when present on the menu for myself but an item previously unknown to my friend this take on the French classic featured a rather young Gruyere along with American white cheddar cheese, thin slices of jambon, and light sauce Mornay atop toasty whole grain bread. Presented alongside a light salad with a touch of vinaigrette and topped off with an over-easy egg this would prove to be the weakest of the day's six selections largely due to the mildness of the ham, crustiness of the bread, and relative lack of runniness from the yolk.Southern Fried Chicken and Waffles: I was admittedly a bit weary of this dish since many upscale restaurants seem to be tackling this southern comfort food trend lately but after some debate between this and the benedict I think we made the right choice. Featuring a trio of mini cornmeal waffles each topped with a crisp and juicy breast of chicken plus a strip of crispy hickory smoked bacon what really set this dish apart was the crystal hot sauce spiked maple syrup. Soft and doughy meets crisp and juicy meets sweet and spicy - perhaps it wasn't as 'down home' as Lo-Lo's or as refined as Bouchon but either way it was really good.Banana and Mascarpone Stuffed French Toast: If a picture says a thousand words then I simply suggest you look at the image above-from the caramelized bananas to caramelized crust on the custard soaked brioche this was amongst the best French toast preparations I've had in recent memory. Creamy meets crunchy and loaded with flavor even before the addition of Grand Marnier spiked maple syrup this was the dish of the afternoon without question and paired with the same thick-cut hickory-smoked bacon as the waffles the only thing that could have made this better was a tableside flaming a la bananas foster.Red Velvet Belgian Waffle: In the end these turned out to be quite good and far less predictable than I'd expected. With all things appearing in Red Velvet ever since the cupcake craze began my biggest fear was that there would be nothing "Belgian" about these waffles, but what arrived was actually quite impressive as the quartered waffle was slightly yeasty and plenty raised with a crisp exterior giving way to a steamy and soft interior with hints of cocoa as opposed to being over the top chocolate. Again graced with bacon and drizzled rather than slathered with whipped vanilla bean cream cheese the flavors were all nicely balanced and restrained-a very well executed dish and a great choice for those not wanting an egg dish but also not wanting something quite as sweet as the French toast.Nutella Bread Pudding: With coffee, a great blend with good cocoa notes and a bit of caramel roasted specially for Del Frisco's, served I explained to our server that although I realized the complimentary dishes were limited to the brunch menu I would gladly pay the $10 for dessert as I simply couldn't justify leaving without trying the bread pudding...but in the end, no check arrived. What did arrive next, however, can only be described as everything Mike likes in one gooey pile with a crisp exterior giving way to a nearly molten center rife with buttery cubes of brioche sealed together with Nutella. While I'd be foolish to call the dish 'subtle' in any way since it is certainly not for those without a serious propensity for the hazelnut spread, the team at Del Frisco's actually did a rather impressive job in attempting to add some levity to the dish with a surprisingly light ball of nearly espresso intense house-made coffee ice cream drizzled with caramel. All in all it was my favorite dish of the afternoon and certainly on par with the bread pudding at The Mission for best in the Valley.More in the blog...
2	I'll preface this review by saying that it's based on only one visit.  I'd wait until my next visit to write a review, but I'm not rushing back, so it may be awhile.  I went on a date with my husband to Del Frisco's and came hungry and excited to try a new place.  The hostesses welcomed us warmly and the atmosphere is nice... almost so nice that I felt uncomfortable dressed casually as I usually do in this town.  Our server was friendly also.We ordered a Caesar Salad (aka Knife & Fork Caesar) to share to start and I asked for some bread as well.  The bread never came.  The Caesar Salad was mediocre... You do indeed need a knife and fork to chop it up.  Next, we ordered the Prime New York Strip, the Creamed Spinach, and the Sweet Potato Fries. I'm typically a huge fan of all of these items elsewhere, but none of these were that impressive.  The fries were on the soggy side and the spinach lacked flavor, while the steak was way overseasoned.  We found prices on the high side as well.So... while I may return to check out the upstairs patio, for drinks or happy hour appetizers, I'm not in a rush... I'm hoping their food may get better in due time as well.
4	Good food, very cool interior and great coctails. Very modern and professional atmosphere for meetings, lunch or dinner.  Careful... lunch for 2 with an appetizer, main course, a couple of soft drinks and gratuity will run around $50-$60.  The rooftop patio is the coolest in Phoenix with daytime views of Piestawa Peak and the Biltmore Shopping Center and nighttime views of the hustle and bustle of Camelback Road and the Biltmore Shopping Center.
5	Our waiter was Vincent. Very polite, helpful, accommodating, and knowledgeable about the menu and the taste of each item. Service was A+!  The food was fantastic. No errors, was tasteful, unique, and fresh! I will definitely come here again.
4	great place to hang out upstairs on the patio this time of the year. Their cheesesteak egg rolls are the greatest appetizers i've had there. i normally get the ribeye there which they season and cook just right (i order mine rare). The only disappointing meal i've had there was the stroganoff it was really salty other than that definitely a great place to hang out and even watch a football game.
5	Last night was our second visit and I am impressed (which is somewhat difficult to do).  We dined on the upstairs patio and it's a fun little place to hang out.  The drinks were creative and interesting.  The Camelback Cooler is a fun take on a margarita (who knew cayenne and sugar got along so well?).  My table had the sesame ahi, meatloaf and stroganoff.  All were delicious.  For dessert, we had the lemon cake, nutella bread pudding and adult milkshake - all fabulous.  (At this point, we have more than corrected for the pathetic sundae that was served during restaurant week.)  The service was attentive and friendly without being overbearing.  Despite the emphasis on cow, it's definitely NOT just a steakhouse.  Go get your yum on!
4	My family and I came here on a Saturday night around 8 and it was not crowded at all which is disappointing. When we made the reservations, the host was very gracious about letting us sit in a quieter area of the restaurant even though it was not packed.I ordered a VIP drink which was a pineapple drink, it was absolutely delicious! Everyone else just got wine and a cocktail.We decided to order the Philly egg rolls and ahi tacos. The Philly rolls very very tasty, but a bit on the heavy side. The ahi tacos however were delicious and I thought the ahi itself was fresh and delicious.I had the chicken schnitzel and it came with a pasta dish. Both were delicious, but I would have liked the chicken to be a bit warmer. My dad had the prime rib and short rib stroganoff and it was outstanding. My mom loved her scallops as well. My brother and his girlfriend split the shrimp and grits dish and they felt it was very tasty and flavorful.We also had the coconut creme pie and it was absolutely delicious and it just melted in your mouth.One criticism we would have is our waitress admitted not having tried some of the dishes we asked about so we were not sure how to take it since she could not compare some dishes as we asked her to.
4	This upstairs patio is 3 stars and the dining room is 5 stars. Service on the upstairs patio is slow, but the view was nice. In addition, I didn't get a refill on my coffee due to I'm guessing the distance the server would have had to go to get it for me. The Grilled cheese and tomato soup was above par. The wedge salad was delicious, the pizza also delicious. I haven't had drinks here yet, but I'm sure they're fine. Service inside the dining room was considerably better than the upstairs patio.
4	The only time I've been was for an early lunch on a weekday.  We got there around 11:30, which was fortunate as the location in the Esplanade seemed ideal for holiday shoppers grabbing lunch and the place filled up quickly by the time we finished.  We both had the lunch filet special, a surprisingly robust 6 oz filet with potatoes and delicious asparagus on the side.  The filet was tasty, though not quite what you'd expect out of the formerly nearby Morton's;  I'd say it was pretty close in quality to a cut from the Keg.  And at $19 I think a pretty good value at a nice lunch spot.
2	Traditional chain restuarant with your typical menu.  Great location though.....and it was hopping for its grand opening.
4	I am a huge fan of Del Frisco's Double Eagle in Denver so I was very excited to see Del Frisco's come to PHX. Now this isn't the same as the Double Eagle. This is a tier below the DE and you will find less steaks and more burgers etc. The restaurant looks like a high end steak house and you may feel a little under dressed, but you will find plenty of casual dressed customers. We have been here a few times and it has definitely improved from their first week open. DF has amazing appetizers and are perfect with either a beer or martini. My fav are the cheesesteak eggrolls. Yeah it is possible! I ordered the hatch chili burger and  was very pleased. Seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection with a bun that is one of my favs. I have also had the fish tacos which were delicious and a little more in line with my New Year diet. I know that the reviews have been all over the place, but I do think recommend giving them a try. Try the patio upstairs in the spring. My guess it will be a great hangout with the warmer weather.
2	Like so many, I anticipated the opening of Del Frisco at the Esplanade, replacing the very popular Houston's. The space has been transformed into something new and I enjoyed the vibe and the visuals. For that, I give it 4 stars.But the food, well it started off with a mediocre appetizer and went downhill from there. I thought the steak portion was very skimpy....this is compared to The Capital Grill, Flemings or Donavon's. It was good but not as good as their competitors. I hope they get better.
2	This was our first time visiting Del Frisco's. We started with the Philly Cheesesteak eggrolls which were good, but the portion was too small for the price. One person had the filet special, 2 medallions, one with blue cheese and one with a mushroom sauce, both were good. I had the scallops which were good, but the hominy salad was bland and too cold in contrast to the hot scallops. The steak salad had deviled eggs on it, the bottom of the eggs were frozen. If there was bread to be had our party of 6 never received any. We went to the rooftop bar after for a drink, my friend and I ordered an Irish coffee which was served cold and our waitress was MIA. This place has potential, but they need to focus on the details, ambiance isn't enough.
4	I'd rather give three and a half...but...as it is I'll give a four.We came on a Saturday for our anniversary and sat upstairs. Not sure what all this "great view" from the patio talk is about. If you enjoy busy streets, crowded parking lots, and Macys, then it's a great view. Otherwise, not so much. However the atmosphere upstairs in nice. Laid back and comfortable. The service was great too; friendly but not pushy.We had pimento cheese fritters, cheese steak eggrolls, and rock shrimp tacos. All food was good and served in a timely manner. We also had Stone IPA which they have on tap. We had a nice time. I'll be back for the horrible view, cheese steak eggrolls, beer, and good service.
5	We held our sister's baby shower in the restaurant's private dining room this past Sunday.  We had 20 ladies join us and the room was just right.  The ambiance was perfect.  The interior was contemporary and elegant without being pretentious.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  We ordered from their brunch menu and the food looked amazing and tasted divine.  Everyone was oohing and ahhing as the servers placed the entrees on the table.  I mean, Red Velvet Belgian Waffle?  OMG!!!  This place is my new Sunday Brunch destination :)Oh, and there is FREE VALET in front of the restaurant.  A nice touch.
4	LOVE the crab cake -- For sure the best in the Valley! Can't wait to go back...
5	I had a really good meal at the bar here on a recent trip to the Valley of the Sun.  I've eaten at the Del Frisco's in Charlotte many times and was aware of the Grille concept the chain was rolling out but this was my first chance to frequent one of the Grille's.This location is an easy walk, just down the street, from the Phoenix Ritz-Carlton.  The main restaurant was packed but the bar was a perfect place for a lone dude on the prowl (JUST KIDDING HONEY!) so I took a seat.  I was promptly greeted even though the bar was pretty crowded and within a minute had a drink and a menu in my hand.I ordered the Wedge salad and just like at a regular Del Frisco's, it was drenched in that oh so damn good blue cheese dressing and had crumbled up pieces of their awesome bacon on top.  For the main event I got the Prime Double Cheeseburger and I can truly say it was one of the better burgers I've ever eaten.  Two juicy, flavorful patties, American cheese, some kind of delicious mayonnaise based sauce, lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickles.  A great balance of savory, fatty, acid, soft, crunchy, etc, etc... All in all, this visit left me longing for a version of the chain here in the QC.  Del Frisco's quality food at a cheaper price point.  That's a lot to like!  And, if you do want a big ole prime steak, you can still go that direction.  What a country!
1	After writing my initial review I was contacted by a manager who wanted to discuss the dining experience further. I was out of town on business travel and responded when I returned with dates and times to discuss. I've never heard back. Sigh, I guess they don't really want the feedback that could help them out.
4	It's a great place with great food!  It is a bit pricey for what you get, but the atmosphere is great for a chain restaurant.  The service is top notch; the bar tenders are very chatty which is always great.  Overall, a great place.   I'm not a fan of their beer selection though, very average.  I hope they expand their selection to carry more upscale beers like Trappistes Rochfort or Duvvel.
2	My husband and I went to Del Frisco's last night to celebrate a special occasion. We sat upstairs on the patio. Very nice. The food was good but somewhat too pricey. Also, we ordered 2 shots of "chilled" tequila. What the server brought was way too watered-down "anejo", Hardly any true semblance of a what we expected, but with a couple of Stellas, we didn't want to complain. When the bill was dropped, we were shocked to see a charge of $30 for the "chilled" shots! Dude took advantage of us. Don't think we'll be going back.
5	Top notch... The roof top bar is unreal. Del Frisco's did an outstanding job on this restaurant!
4	I can't wait to return. A co-worker and I stopped in for a late dinner one night after a work event at the Ritz. We split the ahi tuna salad and a flatbread pizza with mushrooms, arugula, caramelized onions and goat cheese (everything is better with goat cheese). Both were great, and the salad was very fresh and flavorful. I look forward to returning for round two! I wasn't able to indulge in wine, but the wine list was extensive.
5	Three of my friends and I had a great experience at Del Frisco's Grille last week.  I have never been there, but two of my friends have and both said the food was great.   When we arrived, we were greeted by the hostess and immediately sat.  Our server, Chris, was nice and friendly.   We ordered drinks and the deviled egg appetizer, which was delicious.  For our entrees, I   order the special which was NY strip and scallops. Two of my friends ordered the filet mignon and the other ordered fish. The server asked us how we all wanted our steaks and we all said medium.  We ordered the grilled asparagus, the mushrooms,  parmesan and sea salt fries and the chipotle mac and cheese for our sides. By the way, The chipotle mac and cheese was the bomb!  When our steaks arrived, they were all over cooked.  We informed the server, he apologized and he called over the manager.   A woman named Beth, we assumed was the manager because she took charge,  apologized and took our plates away and said the kitchen will redo our steaks.    While he waited, we ate the sides and ordered a bottle of wine.  While we were enjoying our bottle of wine, a team of servers brought back our steaks along with a fresh order of all the sides.  They also brought back a whole new order of scallops for me.  We were thinking they would just replace our steaks, but no, the entire meal was replaced! The manager apologized again and we enjoyed our meal.  For dessert, we ordered the adult milk shake, nutella cake, lemon cake and the chocolate molten lava cake to end our meal.When we were done, we told the manager that this was the best service we have ever had! And when the bill arrived, they didn't charge us for our steaks! We just paid for our drinks, apps and desserts.  We were all impressed on the excellent service and how they took charge and corrected the issue.  This is why I am giving Del Frisco's 5 stars for excellent service.I will be back!
3	My sandwich was extremely soggy. The deviled eggs were awesome though. And something has to be said for the scenery. Our waitress was fantastic though.
5	I went here with a few co-workers.  The atmosphere is very pleasant and modern.  I ordered their house steak salad which was absolutely delicious.  The salad itself was amazing so I was glad that it wasn't just a plain salad with some steak on top.  I would definitley recommend it!  It is also a great venue for client presentations and I've heard great things about their rooftop patio (although I was not fortunate enough to check it out).
5	My wife and I went to Del Frisco's Grille on Monday for brunch.  We ate upstairs in the bar and it was fantastic.  Had a beautiful view, and with the misters going it was quite cool.  I had an ice cold beer and my wife tried the VIP, both were excellent. We started with the guacamole dip, it was wonderful, very fresh and the chips were perfect. My wife then had the Red Velvet Belgian Waffles and I had the Hatch Green Chili Cheeseburger both were excellent.  I would very much reccommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to try something different.
5	Del Frisco's Grille is quickly becoming my favorite Happy Hour and Dinner spot in the entire Phoenix area. Located in the Biltmore area the atmosphere is laid back, yet sophisticated at the same time. The Happy Hour menu for food and drinks surpasses most in town. Its not another Wings and Jack n Coke kind of menu. Deviled eggs, Philly Cheesesteak sliders, amazing Flatbreads, Martinis and other signature cocktails adorn the menu. The staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable about all of their offerings. The management is present at all times and gets to know the patrons.....all of this at an affordable price! Go check it out from 3-7pm daily. Tell Jeff the GM that Jennifer sent you. Or ask for one of the amazing bartenders Zach, Eric, Dustin, Katelyn or Sye. ENJOY!!
4	Had my first "taste" of Del Frisco's Grille tonight.  Although some of the reviews are less than stellar, I thought the food, atmosphere and service were great. I will reserve my final blessing until I have had a full meal there . . . but tonight was good enough to go back with friends and give it a real try.
3	Del Frisco's Grille is located just across from the Ritz-Carlton in the Biltmore area of Phoenix. I'll shoot a disclaimer out that I only had appetizers here, not the steak which many users claim to hang their hats on. I had a cocktail and a beer as well. The menu has a happy hour in which you can get an appetizer for five dollars and a cocktail for another Lincoln. I don't live in the area but I bet 10 dollars for a drink and food is impossible to find at any other restaurant near it. So that's a plus. The cocktail (Tennessee Peach) was fine, but didn't taste anything like honey or peach, which the menu seems to claim. It was a lime drink, and tasted heavily of the stuff. I also had a Kiltlifter after finding myself disappointed with the beer selection here, just 5 on top. The saving grace is that 3 of these are locally brewed.The food here (at least the appetizer sections) could use a lot of work. The Philly Sliders tasted like Hamburger Helper's beef stroganoff flavor on a Hawaiian gold bun. The guacamole was overloaded with chunks of jalapeno (not always a bad thing...) and the chips are sugar dusted but otherwise uninspired. The fries are parmesan-dusted and shoestring-style. I found myself in the middle of the road on these.We also tried some "lollipop chicken wings" which are chicken wings with the middle lopped out. Not sure what the point of this is other than an aesthetic, but it does look interesting on a plate. More interesting than it tasted, anyway. My mother swears up and down this place is great for dinner. While I don't like the fare much, the service was very attentive and friendly enough.
4	My husband and I had a fantastic experience at Del Frisco's during restaurant week.We were seated outside immediately and it was a perfect night to be dining out. Our server, Tabitha was super attentive and immediately got our drink order in so we could take advantage of the super fab Happy Hour pricing. Speaking of Happy Hour, OMG; the VIP Martini. One of the best martinis I've ever had and only $5 during Happy Hour. SCORE. For our first course, the hubby got a Cesar Salad and I ordered the deviled eggs. I've never seen deviled eggs on a menu so I was a little skeptical but they were really quite good and a nice way to kick off the meal.We both ordered the New York Strip and it was ridiculously wonderful. It was melt in your mouth awesome. We are from the Plains States where beef is super fresh and far superior to the usual steak you get in Phx so we can be hard to please. We were both thrilled.The only reason this isn't a five star review was due to the dessert. It was only 8pm and the restaurant was less than half full yet when we got to this course they had already run out of the caramel brulee that I ordered. Instead I was offered a chocolate lava cake. I'm not a huge fan of chocolate so I was disappointed despite it being a totally decent tasting dessert. My hubby had the cheesecake with cherry merlot sauce and was really happy with it.All in all, this was a really romantic and fun evening that made for a perfect date night. We will undoubtedly be back.
4	A bunch of us Yelpers went to Del Frisco's for an afternoon of appetizers and drinks for a Hangover III inspired evening.  The patio (lower level) is a pretty nice little space with lots of misters (year for that!).  Both drinks that I had were incredibly tasty and at a nice strong level (helloooooooo!).  I had the Morning After, which was a super tasty coconutty fizzy drink...definitely get yourself one!  I also had their margarita, which has agave nectar in it, making it on the sweet side....it was also very good!  As for the appetizers, there were some that I really liked and some I was a bit partial to.  None that I hated though, mind you.  The parmesan shoestring fries didn't hold enough flavor...and I am a HUGE parmesan obsessed fan!  I did really like their Philly sliders and the guacamole, which had a nice kick to it (yessssss!).  The lollipop wings were decent (a little lacking in the spicy buffalo tradition) and the tomato flatbread was just okay to me.  It would be really nice to go back for dinner and see what that's all about.  The staff is very nice as is the manager as well.  Definitely hit up Del Frisco's if you are in the Biltmore area.
4	Checked this place out for a Yelp event and had a great time!  My new go to drink is the Morning After- who doesn't love a little coconut water with their adult beverage?!  The guacamole was great too - had a nice kick to it! Can't wait to go back and have drinks on the upper patio!
5	I really enjoy this place.It's perfect for before or after movie dinner and/or drinks!
1	Being a newbie to the valley I have been on a restaurant sampling tour for the last year and I have to say, out of over 40 places I have been, this was by far the worst.  It was such a bummer.  I looked forward to dining here since I moved to the Biltmore area, I pass this place on my way home from work and it always looked really cool.  I also heard good things but let me tell you, this place was awful.  I went here with my wife and her family and we weren't super hungry so we decided to just get some drinks and apps.  First of all the service was terrible, I believe there was only one server working and although we hung out for a few hours we saw maybe twice.  I had to chase her down to get the bill after sitting for over 45 minutes with out here returning.  I had to get up and go order drinks at the bar ,we would have left but this place was close to home and it was getting late and oh yeah, our server was no where to be found.  All of this poor service piled on top of the overpriced drinks and bland appertizers.  We had some sort of flavorless chicken pesto flatbread and the cheesesteak eggrolls that had more fire than flavor, it was really disappointing.  I don't like to blast places unless the experience was awful, but besides the food this place left an awful taste in my mouth.  It's a shame too because the atmosphere is really cool, the decor and location make for a great chill spot, but if you are going to sell the sizzle, you needs to sell the steak.  Maybe that was my problem, I didn't get the much fussed over steak but the way I left feeling about this place, I unfortunately won't ever be back to sample for myself.  There are so many great restaurants in and around the valley, many just minutes from Del Frisco's, I recommend finding another chill spot and take your business there.
3	I met a group of friends at Del Frisco's for happy hour this week. The food was good. The cocktails and ambiance were great. I am a big fan of the happy hour menu. The deals are good and they last till 7 which is a total win win.The hostess and buss boys were friendly and provided good service. I had the most bizarre waiter who kinda ruined the night. He totally lost his head when the place got busy during happy hour. He stopped us mid-order twice in the beginning of the night to go help other tables and then only came around once during the last 40 minutes of the happy hour. To make amends the buss boy brought me my beer order and comped it which was much appreciated. After the happy hour was over the place slowed down, the waiter helped our table on service overload and really sucked up to our table which was more annoying than anything else because it did not seem very genuine and you could tell that he was probably scolded after the lack of service. I am not against giving this place another try and changing my review since it is a great happy hour menu.
5	My friend and I stopped in at Del Frisco's Grille in Phoenix earlier today. The location of the restaurant is convenient...right in the heart of the Biltmore area. We arrived in between lunch and dinner so we had two menus to choose from. We opted for the dinner menu, and I'm so glad we did! I selected the Chicken Avocado Wrap and was able to substitute steamed broccoli for the "frites." (It didn't matter, though, because my friend ordered the Shaved Prime Steak Sandwich and I ended up eating half of her frites, anyway!) Not only was the food delicious, but the ambiance was very casual yet upscale. Our waiter was excellent and attentive to our table. Jeff, the manager of Del Frisco's, even stopped by our table to make sure we were having the most pleasant dining experience possible. I have seen Del Frisco's on the local TV news segments, and have seen the restaurant being mentioned several times in social media. (I still can't get the picture of that juicy Grille Prime Cheeseburger out of my head!) The restaurant is under new management, and many improvements have been made to ensure it doesn't have the same ambience as Houston's, its stuffy predecessor. I have to admit, I had high expectations when I walked into Del Frisco's, and I left a happy customer. If you're looking for a great place to hang out with friends and famoly while enjoying delicious food and drinks, this is the place to go. My only regret? I didn't try the Nutella Bread Pudding. But I'll be back. If you try Del Frisco's even once, I bet you'll say the same thing. This place is GREAT!
4	I went to Del Frisco's last night to celebrate Jon and Amy's birthdays. I was really happy with the way they accommodated our large group in the upstairs patio for happy hour. When we first arrived, there weren't enough seats, but as the night went on, we were able to get a couple of large tables next to each other. The waitress did a good job of keeping track of a nonstop flow of orders coming at her (without writing it down, which I normally find somewhat annoying, but is amazing since she pulled it off). The happy hour prices were good, they had many of their signature drinks on special for 5$ and many of their apps on special for 6$. I had the VIP, which is a clementine vodka soaked pineapple concoction, and it was good but a little alcohol -y tasting for my taste (but I know most everyone love them, so don't shy away if you like a strong drink). I also had a margarita, which was just right for me....it is a low cal margarita made with just lime, tequila, and agave nectar...definitely a purist's marg. The BF had a white russian, which was alright, but a bit steep at 9$, especially when it was full of ice. For food we had the roasted tomato flat bread, which was very good....kind of what you would expect from a flatbread...but the tomatoes were big and juicy which I really liked. We also had the frites, which were lackluster and overpriced (IMO) (even if I did have fun with the little ketchup squeeze bottle). Then, overcome with plate envy, we had to order the cheese steak eggrolls. Ohhhhh my. These things were ridic good. They were hot, crunchy, cheesy, they had two different sauces....a spicy sweet sauce and something else magical and delicious. These things were dangerously awesome. I would come back here just for these eggrolls. Anyway, a bunch of people headed out, when they brought out a bunch of cake....how sweet! The cakes were large and damn good too. The coconut cake thing was out of this world...toasted coconut, creamy center, crunchy crust, and about a pound of whipped cream....another item worth coming back for. They also brought out lemon cake which I thought was just ok, but the BF loved it and he is more into lemon cake. Anyway, it was a good time and I would definitely recommend this place for happy hour!
4	Great eatery!!!!   The service was a bit slow but nice atmosphere and great food!!!
4	I have been here twice now. First time was for a Yelp event and then this time of Jon and Amy's UYE Birthday Bash. Both times I had a great time but so far all I have tried are the apps and the drinks. Someday I will come back and order off something besides the Happy Hour Menu. Then I can give it a full review.So far just based on the apps this place is great. The restaurant itself has a great look and the upstairs bar, where we were this most recent visit, is great. Literally 15 degrees cooler up there. Thanks to some great misters.Service is great. Our waitress this time did a great job even with a very large party. Even the manager was bring out orders and taking more at one point. There was a little snafu when we got there. They had made a reservation but it was for 30 people which was a little much for them to reserve. But they started us out at a large table then we took over one side of the bar which was close by and at the end of the night had commandeered another large table right next to the first one. So it all worked out. Water glasses were never empty the entire night which is always a plus too. Some cakes appeared from somewhere at the end. I don't know where they came from. There was a coconut cream cake, which I didn't try because I don't like coconut but which everyone else seemed to love, and a lemon cake. The lemon cake was very good. Lemon cake is pretty easy but this was definitely homemade and tasted great.Happy hour is great. With $3 beers and $6 apps, which make a meal in the end, how can you beat it. I will be back to try the real menu for sure.Top tip btw: get the Cheesesteak Eggrolls. So good. I don't know what sauces are drizzled over the top of them but wow. You should not be disappointed.
4	Travelling on business, stopped in for an early dinner at the bar. Very attentive staff.  $5 house wines for happy hour...awesome!  I had the double cheeseburger which was amazing!  If you go here, you have to try it.  Can't wait to come back!
4	Came here for happy hour with my co-workers. First time here and have to say really enjoyed it!! We got a table upstairs which presented with a fabulous view facing north looking at the Biltmore and Squaw Peak.  We ordered various samplings from the happy hour menu including parmesan fries, Philly sliders, tomato and basil flatbreads plus chips and guacamole. Had great service and loved the ambience here!
2	My first visit here was for a Yelp event and I enjoyed myself quite a bit.  I was late so I missed out on a good amount of the food but what I was able to sample was very tasty.  I came back a second time for a birthday party and was less impressed.  The upstairs bar was over crowded.  My food order was messed up and at the end they messed up my bill as well.  Because some of my friends seem to like this place I'm sure I'll end up back here in the future.  Perhaps my impression will improve and I'll update my review.
5	Sat in the patio upstairs which is a cool feature.  Food and drinks were great And reasonably priced.  Jessy waited on us and was awesome.  We usually take a long time to order and she was patient and answered all of our questions with a smile.  Would definitely recommend this place especially if all the servers are like Jessy.
3	Good happy hour specials with a solid customer service. But honestly not my kind of spot, food, nor vibe, especially being GF.  However, if you like a good happy hour this your place!
5	Let's just say it went from bad to awesome.  We make reservations for our birthday party and when we got there did not know about it.  So,  we ended up at a small table.  But our waitress was amazing.  I wish I remembered her name, because she did an marvelous job.  She remembered all of our orders, got our drinks and food out quick and she was really nice too.  Between the drinks and food.  My favorite things at Del Frisco is the VIP, Skirt Chaser, Baltimore Hottie, Roasted Tomato flat bread, cheese steak egg rolls and the chicken wings.  At the end of our evening we got surprised with free desserts from the manager.  :)  OMG the coconut cream pie is to die for and the Lemon Doberge Cake was amazing too.  Thank you Del Frisco for a excellent party birthday.  We will definitely be back.
4	From the moment this Del Frisco's opened, I was hearing good things.  I believe the term "my new favorite restaurant" was uttered by at least one friend and  other reviews were similar.  However, there was one small but unforgivable issue that kept me from visiting: Del Frisco's did not recognize happy hour.  I repeat: DEL FRISCO'S DID NOT RECOGNIZE HAPPY HOUR.  Since Happy Hour is like a religion to me, this was unacceptable and I would not be patronizing their establishment.  However, I have great news for everyone (including them): DEL FRISCO'S NOW HAS HAPPY HOUR.  And it's a good one!  SEVEN days a week and it lasts til SEVEN each day.  We're talking double sevens here people, they really impressed me with that!The ever eloquent Lance S. and I went before a movie last weekend and it was damn good.  Just a side note: Lance has been mixing coconut water with rum and using it as a hangover cure for at least a year now.  Del Frisco actually legitimized it and turned it into a drink called "The Morning After" and it is delicious.  I had the Jalapeno Marg which was pretty standard for a drink that many have added to their drink menu, but still good.The real food standout was the tomato basil flatbread.  For $6 it's about the size of a small pizza (6 square slices) and the tomatoes are so freaking fresh, I started reminiscing about that Seinfeld epsisode where George is pondering why the tomato "never really took off as a hand fruit".  I would probably eat Del Frisco's tomatoes like an apple if given the chance, that's how wonderful they were.All in all, a great addition to Esplanade, especially with the AMC Theater being my new most favorite theater in the world.  We'll be moving right next door in a week and I'm really glad Del Frisco's decided to come back from the dark side and add itself into my rotation.  I'm a fan!
5	This was the first time my wife and I had ever eaten at Del Frisco's Grille in Phoenix and we were with 4 other friends this past Saturday night.  When we first entered we were immediately greeted by the hostess.  Our dinner consisted of a wonderful appetizer and phenomenal cuisine!  The only better rating than exceptional that I rate the food was the even better service by Vincent and then the wonderful interaction by visiting Manager from Atlanta Mr. Michael Clarke.  Michael is by far one of the most sincere professional and friendly managers that I have ever met.  He made us feel like we were at 'his' own home as dinner guests...Wow....What a tremendous experience.  He modeled the most awesome customer centric, welcoming, interactive behavior for his staff that I have ever seen modeled.  Michael is a tremendous asset to your fine group of restaurants and I will not share his name with your competitors--You are welcome!....He has a loyalty and passion for who he works for and what he does.  5 plus stars all around, thank you Michael for a first time (not the last time...) eating experience Del Frisco's Grille!  Chris W. Owens
3	My boyfriend's offices are right on the corner of 24th St & Camelback, so needless to say, we (us & his colleagues) habitually use this restaurant for business gatherings & celebrations.  This is a great spot for Happy Hour and Tapas.  The outdoor spaces are nice (weather permitting, of course) and the decor is pleasing.  The Service Staff and Sommelier seem to be knowledgeable, but sadly the kitchen execution and food profiles are hit or miss.  I simply enjoy their nice pours and great friend convos while there....I go elsewhere to dine.  Hillstone right up the street serves consistently tasty cuisine time and time again!
4	The flavor is real.I'm giving Del Frisco's Grille four stars, even though I doubt I will return.  The food was absolutely fabulous, and the wine selection was epic.  We were there during a slow time of day, and the waitress talked to us a little and was fun.  I would definitely say that this is a 'classy' establishment, however, and had it been a busier time of day, would have felt very under-dressed.Check out my picture for a pepper burger and fries, which I highly recommend.  Their tuna taco appetizer is also perfectly done - crispy shells that almost make it a messy explosion, but somehow manage to keep all of the deliciousness together.All in all, I would recommend Del Frisco's Grille for a classy date or to announce your engagement, but I wouldn't just stop by after shopping.
3	Just went to delfrisco's for the first time.Service was great and the overall experience was good.My ribeye steak was ok.......but not what i usually expect from a steakhouse or for a100.00 meal for 2. MINUS LIQUOR and tip....dont get me started on drink costs.Absolute insanity.Their cheese steak eggrolls were delicious and the parm fries were good.Between me and my girl........it was ok.....
4	Ok, I'm going to make this quick!....you know the saying:"you pay for what you get!" Well that most certainly applies to Del Frisco's. Everything was great! My family ordered the rib eye, NY strip, stroganoff, and I had the pork chop with chipotle Mac & Cheese and the creamed spinach. We had no complaints from the movement we walked in. We also had their lemon cake and coconut cream pie, both were tasty. The staff were amazing, really down to earth. I'll definitely be back,
5	With an everyday happy hour...this place went from good to great.  The food quality is great and the service is top notch.  When I need a spot for a meeting I can always count on Del Friscos to take care of my clients.
2	I have incredibly mixed emotions about Del Friscos. My first few brunches (I'm a glutton for brunch), were great. I enjoyed the meals and received a hand written note from the bar tender thanking me for coming to the restaurant and commenting on what I ordered. I was initially immediately impressed. My husband and I went for dinner and found the quality lacking and the service very slow. We were disappointed in the food for the price we paid. The last time I went, I had chicken and waffles. The waffles were great. The chicken was pieced together mixed meat mash of who knows what. It was not fresh, bone-in chicken which is what I expected. I think I ate more batter than meat. I did not enjoy it at all. I saw it was featured recently on Chow Bella as a top 10 Chicken and Waffles. Either Chow Bella has never had proper chicken and waffles or Del Friscos did some serious impressing.  I really want to like the restaurant for the location, roof-top bar and overall atmosphere, but I just can't do it right now.
2	(Lyrics - Scott McKenzie - San Francisco)If you're go to Del Frisco's GrilleBe sure to wear some flowers in your hairIf you're go to Del Frisco's GrilleYou're gonna get some good service thereFor those who come to Del Frisco's GrilleSummertime will be a love-in there (because of the nice patio!)Across streets of Biltmore is the Del Frisco's GrilleGentle people with flowers in their hairDel Frisco's Grille looks pretty swanky from the outside.  Free valet parking is always a plus in my book I tell ya!  This place overlooks Camelback Rd. and the Biltmore fashion so sitting on the patio is not a bad idea; unless it's 100 plus degrees outside!  Inside Del Frisco doesn't hold back on decor and the ambience of a modern winery with modern furniture.  I would say very professional appeal after a days work selling stock and crap.  Is it a bull market today; nope just a donkey!I ordered me a Grille Prime Cheeseburger; the plating was of the dish was like street food to me, but that didn't bother me.  I can appreciate street food in a swanky restaurant.  However, it was nothing like a street burger.  I enjoy my fair share of burgers and this I didn't care for.  For what I was paying I rather go to In & Out; matter of fact let's go!  It just wasn't anything special.  My partner ordered their Ahi Tacos with a lettuce shell instead of tortilla; again nothing too special, but what really mattered to me were they were willing to help her out with going carb-less.  Kudos to the bartender; whom was the highlight of the night!  Needless to say, service was not lacking here at all.  Our bartender kept her cool during rough dealings with customers and co-workers it seems and that my friend is what makes a good employee!  Promotion here please! - Enjoy!
4	At the base of the movie theater Esplande, sits the PERFECT cocktail Lounge/Patio for summer.  That Lounge/patio rises above the Biltmore shops at 24th Street and Camelback with the perfect north-facing Mountain views.  The kicker part about it, the misting system is SUPER cooling and SUPER awesome.  They outdoor lounge has comfy sofas and a bar serving crafted cocktails.  I went here this summer for vibes and libations with friends.Happy Birthday Del Frisco's!   I had the most wonderful time at Del Frisco's for their 1 year birthday.  It was a scorching 115+ degrees that day and I'm not sure what made me think it would be ok to hang out outside in their outdoor lounge.  It was hot in the moments before the sun went down, but once that sun went down, their super misters seemed to kick it into high gear and it was extremely comfortable up there. My friends and I hung out in their well misted outdoor lounge.  A local band played exciting and entertaining soulful music for the anniversary.  There was dancing... I like to dance.  I danced.  I laughed and I danced some more.I ordered my favorite DFG cocktail.  I'm totally into spicy crafted cocktails and DFG has a decent spicy drink.  Every girl loves a "hottie" and Del Frisco has one of those too.... the Biltmore Hottie (Rum, simple syrup, jalapeno and lime)...  That hottie is something special.  A must try if you enjoy spicy drinks.Thank goodness for DFG.  I have a great place to sip cockails while overlooking Camelback Mountain.  Try it, YOu will love it too.
1	I really wanted to like this place- nice location, nice atmosphere but regrettably the food is just flat out bad food. Their appetizers were awful, and not good selections to be shareable. The salad was so poorly presented I thought it a joke. Steaks were over salted and the dessert was supermarket bought.  I have given this place three tries with three different groups.  Everyone agrees, go away and let's get a new restaurant at that location.
5	This. Place. Is. AWESOME!! Nothing bad to say about this place AT ALL! I've been here on several occasions and the service is always prompt and friendly, the drinks are always mixed to perfection and the food... oh, what can I say??Appetizers: Try the Cheesesteak Eggrolls. They are absolutely to die for!Entrees: I really love the Lamb Burger which comes with Roasted tomato, Arugala and Tzatziki Sauce. I added feta cheese to the burger and it was great! I also recommend the Grille Prime Cheeseburger: double patties with all the fixings, but have a napkin handy cause it's kind of messy.Their fries are of the shoe string variety and are hard to beat! But don't forget a side of Avocado Ranch for dipping!Sincerely, there's not much to say about Del Frisco's other than how wonderful it is. If you've never been and you're in the area, I HIGHLY recommend you check it out! This is one of my fave Phoenix places to eat!
5	This is my favorite new restaurant! My husband took me here on a rare night out away from our new baby and what a fantastic surprise. I am a very picky eater and Del Fresco managed to impress me with everything! The staff was some of the best in town- friendly, down to earth and knowledgable. The hostess and wine expert, Sarah,  surprised us at the end of our dinner with a desert on the house. She was so nice and they are lucky to have her. Delicious menu and I can't wait to go back. I had short ribs and my husband has the cheeseburger. Both were perfect. I had a crab cake appetizer and it was 90% crab, which is very generous and quite the accomplishment. The flavor was out of this world and the ambiance is right up my alley. Hip, cool, loungy with great lighting and zero pretentiousness. The people that work there make it a special experience and we will be going back very soon!
1	I loved their margarita purchased at the bar! But the love ended there. We had a large group - 10 of us, which I do appreciate can add a level of challenge for any restaurant. But even with that in mind, nothing can justify the level of abominable service and food we received. Although we were 'a buzz' with several servers, none seemed to be in charge. Throughout the night, we had too many of them double asking us for things, or "auctioning off our food" when it came. They were offering a "Restaurant Week" Prix fixe menu which I asked about. The waiter claimed, "it is the best deal ever"! That should have been my first clue that my food would be less than stellar. The appetizer - Option A: two deviled eggs (four halves) drizzled in an over abundant amount of truffle oil or Option B: burnt egg rolls (also two whole) filled with ground beef!  Nothing like starting light! Second course: Caesar salad - nearly bone dry with two giant anchovies laid across it and grocery store croutons. I've had better Caesar salads at Denny's. Or Option B: mixed bag o' greens also dry with a few cherry tomatoes and two giant WHOLE strips of bacon laid across the top in an X marks the spot for bad. Do we get a defibrillator with this meal? Next up, Filet Mignon or Salmon. How can we go wrong? Um, apparently the chef doesn't understand the notion of restraint when it comes to salt. The salmon was inedible. The filet, raw. I ordered medium rare. Not only mine, but EVERYONE that had ordered filet at the table had to send theirs back for being raw. Ahhh, but there is always dessert to save the day, or not. Pot o' salted caramel pudding. Warm (as in room temperature warm), broken, watery and tasted as it looked, disgusting. The bread pudding option was edible. Especially the coffee ice cream which I'm sure they didn't make. But finally, to top off this horrendous meal, we were being stared at by a giant sad-faced cow on the wall posing as - art? Seriously?? Just what I want looking at me at a steak house. But it points to the lack of brilliance all around in this "never-gonna-make-it" replacement to Houstons. Oh please, please come back!
4	Went here with a group of 13 for restaurant week.  What a great venue although it is extremely loud.  There were two negatives: the service was extremely slow.  I felt like we were in an European restaurant where you are going to spend 5 hours eating dinner.  The second negative was the Caesar salad was bland.  The deviled eggs and Philly cheesesteak egg rolls were awesome.  My filet had a great peppery taste and was cooked perfect.  The portions were large for restaurant week.  The bread pudding was to die for although I could have used a little more ice cream.  For 30 dollars it was an incredible deal.
2	Ick... that's all I can say.Food came out cold on all four dishes we ordered and took forever to get to us.  This was our first visit to this location and based on this alone we would never come back and waste our money.The Manager did apologize several times and took care of the cold entrees. Based on his reactions and that he even cared means that we will try this place again to see if this was a fluke.So far not impressed....  we will see......
4	The special was perfect and the filet was spicy and cooked perfecting. The Nutella Bread pudding was about as good as it gets!The "Apartment 5 D Martini is really a treat.Chris was a fantastic waiter and I would wait in line for him.
2	7 PM on a Saturday half empty bar and restaurant. Hillstone is packed. How could they screw up this location!! Bar staff with an attitude and weak menu that's how!!
5	Came back to DFG with 18 people.  The service was outstanding and the food matched the service.  Absolutely love the deviled eggs, cheesesteak egg rolls.  I highly recommend the filet mignon.  It melts in your mouth.  The ambiance is great and if you can book the wine room do it.  I look forward to bringing more people back because I know the food and service will meet our expectations.
4	11/07/13:    Not impressed.  I attempted to schedule a special event there for my clients and employees.  It was a pain getting then to return my emails and phone calls.  When the lady in charge finally returned my emails, she was curt and unapologetic.  When she went on vacation,  I was told that I would have to wait until she got back and that no one else could help me...really?03/15/14:  UPDATE  The management contacted me and took my issue very seriously.  They apologized for the mixup and asked me for a chance to make it up to me.  I had a friend visit from out of town and we decided to try it out.  The manager came over and introduced himself and when he realized it was me, he made it a point to apologize once again.  The food was FANTASTIC!!!  I mean, seriously.  I often eat out and I don't usually pause to savor the food and exclaim how good it is.  My friends and I chatted about this for several minutes, it was that good.  Everything was, well, perfect!  Great job guys!!!
5	Awesome double cheese burger! Awesome heirloom tomato and buratta salad! Everything was delicious! Lindsey- server, was very attentive and knowledgable of the menu. She was very sweet even though she was also busy with a big party. She didn't miss a beat! All in all a wonderful evening. I would choose this restaurant over and over again!
3	I have been wanting to try the brunch here for awhile now.  We got the Chilaquiles and Croque Madam.  Both were very tasty.   The people next to us had the fried chicken which looked devine!  Excited to go back and try it out!
2	Start to finish Del Frisco was just ok.Parking was a bit of a conundrum, maybe better investigation was needed before we left the house, but mid day Sunday we were confused and left the car behind in the lot without confidence.We were meeting a group for brunch and not only did we arrive before anyone in our group but we were the first to arrive at the restaurant that day. The front doors were open but the hostess was real quick to say "we are not open yet" I felt shoed away and we sat outside for the next 10 minutes.Reservations were made well in advance and we were the first table sat that day, yet the two tables pushed together for our group were miss matched, as if an after thought.It was brunch in a beautiful space yet the restaurant experience was just boring. Take your order... bring your drinks.... drop your food... get your check, all executed "ok" except the last. When ok ends in failure its a big scuff on a restaurant that I imagine has higher standards. To sum up service it ranged from boring to bad. By the way it took more then 20 minutes to prepare checks. The server was visible and visibly so confused that it was painful to watch. Finally one person in our party just gave her a card and paid for everyone, thus eliminating everyone's discomfort.As far as the food my dish was tasty I had one of the benedict's, and I enjoyed every last bite, however that was the only thing I tasted at brunch. I feel there should have been more like some bread, a pastry, fruit, or an amuse. Nope just like Denny's nothing special, no surprises.Someone asked me to recommend a spot for brunch yesterday and I didn't recommend Del Frisco fresh off a meal a week ago, I think that says a lot about my experience.Del Frisco's needs to stop taking orders and serving food and make dining in their beautiful place an event, Identify service missteps and fix them, and start brunch with a little something special from the kitchen.
5	I've been here 3 times now, and every time has been excellent. They have a great wine selection, and great happy hour prices! I've had the orecchiette pasta each time and it hasn't disappointed. The sauce is so good! My boyfriend has had the steak and lamb burger and liked both. The service is great, and it never takes a long time to get our food.
3	The atmosphere is mostly hip and modern and not your daddy's steakhouse. You have to park in the garage as we did or valet park to dine here. We shared the Ahi Tuna Tacos. They were fresh and were a generous portion. I liked the spiciness in them but the shells were very unique to me and I couldn't identify what they were so I had to ask. They are whole wheat won ton wrappers. Most people might not notice the difference between them and regular tortillas but I would have liked to read that on the menu so I'd know what to except because the texture and taste was very unexpected to me.My companion said the Veal Meatloaf was very good being moist fresh and flavorful adorned with Wild Mushrooms and Bordelaise Sauce. He said if we came back he most likely would order this again.I was seated near the Cow Portrait and ordered beef anyway since this is a steakhouse but did feel a little guilty eating steak looking into that cow face. My Steakhouse Salad arrived and it was attractive, came with deviled eggs and made with very fresh greens. Just the right amount of cheese was on it and it was very lightly dressed the way I like it but the steak on it was cold and I imagined it might have been made earlier in the day. My waiter WAS SUPER VERY ATTENTIVE and SAW RIGHT THREW ME when I said the said was OK meaning not great but I will eat it anyway. To my surprise he got the manager over and I told here how the steak was AND SHE DID GENEROUSLY OFFER TO BRING ME A NEW ONE without making me feel bad. I did decline because my companion had a nice meal he was enjoying I already ate two pieces and only had a few pieces left and just wanted to make do and like I already mentioned the salad part was good. If the circumstances were dinner I would have sent it back.I think some people would have given this place FIVE STARS since the manager took my salad off the bill and handed some coupons for appetizers to come back but my reviews are truthful and I tell it like it was. I do note they wanted to try again and make my meal better but the truth is I was served a nice salad but the steak wasn't the way I liked it.The WAITER and MANAGER were very Above Average in hospitality.This review is based on only one lunch visit and three stars is a positive review but recommended with reservations.
5	Out of this world amazing Bartending. We were a bit worried being next to Mercbar and all (worst service ever received in maybe 2000+ nights out). Drinks came quick, and we're mixed with precision that only the best mixologist could perform. The Tennessee Peach is a perfectly blended Jack drink if you're not quite that "Whisky"  girl or gal.
4	Just hit up the bar and yep...as good as the food! Great bartenders, very good drinks! Next time, will have to have some food!
5	I would eat the French Dip and buttery mashed potatoes from here every day if (a) it was close to home and (b) there were no calories involved.I had a planned trip to Phoenix September 26th and had lunch here upon my arrival after my mom picked me up from the airport. I had planned on us going to Houston's (which used to be in this location but is now a Hillstone across the street and to the East). We came in around 1pm to a very loud restaurant . It is a gorgeous place with many inviting items on the menu and I am still dreaming of the French Dip I had since almost everything that has transpired over the past couple of months and the 3 extra trips to Phoenix I have made since has overshadowed much of my memory except for the following PSA:Remember that when you are in AZ, servers do not make minimum wage so make sure if you have great service to more than double the tax and tip in cash if possible (sorry IRS or CPA's reading this).
4	All you need to know is this is Happy Hour Heaven! Nice selection of $5 cocktails and $6 Bites, 7 days a week from 3pm to 7pm! If you're a wine person they have Red & White for $5 a glass and $3 Draft Beer and Honey Badger Shots. My favorite drinks thus far is the Tennessee Peach, it has whiskey and some other stuff I can't remember. Get the Philly Sliders, the meat is tender and the two sandwiches will easily fill you up. The Pimento Cheese Fritters are oddly rich and addicting. Make sure you sit on the patio so you can enjoy the beautiful view of the Finance District. Free Valet Parking too, just make sure you get your pass before you leave. Service can be spotty, just flag down a waiter and they are happy to help.
5	We were in Phoenix last week for the 49ers games....sorry Cardinal fans. We had an amazing dinner the night before the game at the Del Frisco's Grille. We started out with the ahi tuna tacos (my favorite) and the pimento cheese fritters (my bf's favorite). For cocktails we had the Apt 5d, which was just sweet enough for my tastes and my bf had the some drink with jalapeno in it. He loved it.  For dinner, it was a shrimp and chorizo flatbread and the green hatch chili burger. My bf is still raving about the burger. I think the best part of the dinner for me was dessert. I'm kind of a sweets fan.... We shared the adult milkshake and it was amazing. You MUST have this for your dessert. Overall, we had a great experience and our server David was friendly and helpful and let us take our time enjoying our night out. I look forward to coming in for brunch next time we are in town!!
2	My third time, not a good meal on my last time. The food took forever and the place was not busy. Worst of all my sliced steak had a fishy flavor . Yuck
3	Good Lord! The Lamb Burger and Shaved Prime Rib Sandwich are ridiculously good!!! Fave cocktails: Skirt Chaser & Honey Badger & Apt 5D. Heck...any drinks with those names have to be good! Sadly though, I wouldn't make this my go-to destination for a steak.And errrr....other Yelpers mentioned an upstairs patio. Never knew it existed! Will try on my next Happy Hour visit before it gets too hot outside. Enjoy!
4	Love Del Frisco's! They have a frequent dinner plan - it's a great reward program. The cheesesteak egg rolls are phenom as are the pimento cheese fritters!  The upstairs patio has a beautiful view so pick a nice evening to come!
4	My wife and came here for valentines day. I didn't like that they sat us by the bar area, on a special evening with reservations. Overall we loved the food and my wife was happy so it worked out.
5	What a great experience! A colleague and I had dinner here on a Thursday night and it was great. The hostesses were very friendly, the General Manager, Jeff Berkowitz, welcomed us as we climbed the stairs to the upper lounge (and even made our drinks when we were seated at the bar because the bartender was busy!), the bartender, Jessie, was great, and the two waiters she recommended, Brandon and Brent, were spectacular as well. Food was all great (you HAVE to try the cheesesteak eggroll appetizer!), wine was exceptional, service was close to perfect. We wrapped up with a cocktail at the main bar and the service there was terrific as well.We'll definitely be back - thanks for a nice evening!
5	Had dinner here tonight for the second time. Sat on the upstairs patio for the second time as well. Loved it both times, as did my entire group. Atmosphere is perfect, awesome happy hour from 3-7 7 days a week, and great food!
5	Dinner was great!  Cheesesteak egg rolls were delicious as many other readers have said.  As a table we ordered the green chile burger (huge double patty burger, but delicious) orrechiette pasta and mushrooms with a few drinks.  Our bill was nearly $100 which seemed manageable.  Service was good; our waitress was very happy to share with us what is good and what is hands down great, it was really nice to have her suggestions prior to ordering.  We had one small bump coming from the kitchen- everything was put on the burger when we requested for a few things to be left behind, and it was easily fixed and served hot. Personally, I felt the mushrooms had too much soy sauce, but that's personal preference, my friend loved them.  We'll be back for sure.
3	Del Frisco's is a nice spot at the Esplanade with a very cool feel inside and an even cooler patio on the roof.  Unfortunately the roof is often not staffed when we have dined with Del Frisco's, which is a bummer.  The food is decent, but sometimes a little fussy - IE: tiny ketchup bottles, salad in a tea cup, etc.  My most recent experience was for a burger on the patio - the burger was good, but the table where we sat was disgusting - all kinds of debris between the wood slats, which put a definite damper on the whole experience!
4	Love the happy hour.  Goes until 7pm and you'll find $5 cocktails, $3 beers, and apps in the $6 range.  Go for the philly eggrolls.  The beers on tap are few but they have some nice choices.  For dinner, the Del Frisco's brand demands quality fare.  This isn't their flagship Double Eagle Steakhouse but they still serve various steaks on the menu along with more casual options.  Valet parking is free, just have the hostess validate you on the way out!
4	I think this could be the most underrateds spot in the area and something must be done about it! Two words: upstairs patio. Yes, they not only have the lower level patio, but they also have a patio above the restaurant that overlooks the area and it's covered. Did I also mention their very happiest of happy hours with $5 cocktails, wine beer and delicious appetizers? Did I also mention that this is steps away from the renovated AMC theater? Its a win-win all around. While sitting on the enclosed upstairs patio, I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food! We started with the Philly cheese-steak egg rolls which were just as delicious as they sound. They were on the happy hour menu and came with four split egg rolls. I really loved the combination of sweet and sour sauce with honey mustard. For my entree, I got the Philly sliders (I must have been in a Philly kind of mood). The sliders weren't quite what I expected but were still tasty just the same. I'd almost call them a Philly Sloppy Joe. Since they didn't come with fries, I ordered some on the side. That was my only slight disappointment when I saw the quantity and the price. It was a small side order that cost $7. However, my Philly sliders were also on happy hour so it all worked out in the end with pricing. In the future, I will probably stick to the main menu items and refrain from ordering anything on the side. However, it's really all about the steal of a deal happy hour they offer! My suggestion is to go to happy hour and then go see a movie. It's the perfect night!
3	I have been before and the steak salad was delicious. This time I went for happy hour with clients. The cheesesteak egg rolls were great! I ordered a pineapple martini, and the martini glass was chipped in several spots. The bartender was very friendly and quickly apologized and remade the drink. We ordered a dirty martini, which came with no olive juice.  Then came a margarita on the rocks, which had a short hair in the salt on the rim. The cheesesteak egg rolls were delicious, but there was also a long hair in the guacamole. We were upstairs on the patio which is a great place to sit with views of the Biltmore and mountains, especially when the weather is nice. I would go back if invited for drinks, but probably would avoid the food.
2	I've been here twice and I really don't know what to do with this place.The food and service is great, but one time I came in for lunch, the chef was yelling at the staff about an order that it turns out HE screwed up (I was within earshot). Also, shouldn't a chef be behind the line instead of just lining up orders to go out on the floor? Second visit, I was at the bar for happy hour waiting for a few friends. There were some gentleman next to me that seemed to hone in on a very inebriated woman and again, within earshot, I heard one ask if shes ever tried GHB and "that its amazing, if she wanted to try it with them." Hi. Thats the date rape drug. I flagged down a server to grab a manager to intervene on this poor woman and 5 minutes later she comes back and says the manager said those guys "spend a lot of money here." Thats it. Nothing else was done whatsoever because those men have money. Thats disgusting. Shame on management for caring more about money spent than guest safety and satisfaction.
3	This is the best restaurant in Scottsdale/Phoenix! My new favorite! I don't say that lightly either. The most delicious food, diverse and appealing menu, awesome waiters and perfect ambiance.Update- we went here for my husbands birthday and it was not as good, took too long, and bad service.
5	I had lunch yesterday sat Del Frisco's and would give it 6 stars if I could!!!  The service was wonderful and the food delicious!!  From the moment I entered, I was welcomed warmly and made to feel as though I was the only customer in the restaurant (although it was during the busy lunch hour). My steak was cooked to perfection which made the steak salad outstanding. I am looking forward to returning for drinks on their beautiful patio during their famous happy hour.Thank you Del Frisco!!
4	The look and ambiance of Del Frisco's for dinner tonight was nice. It was a slow relaxed Monday night... And we loved that. The food was VERY GOOD! We are picky and Nothing was disappointing. My husband and I both ordered the Rib Eye. It wasn't the Best rib eye we've had but it was still very good. We both tried a bite of my sisters Burger and let's just say we pressed pause on our steaks, packed them to go and ordered a burger!!! The best!! It was tender, juicy and flavorful! I would recommend this place this someone else. @jeisavana
4	I was there for lunch with a few of my friends. The help was so accommodating. We were seated in a private room where we were served excellent food.  I highly recommend Del Fresco  Grille for a small group gathering such as a book talk or business meeting.  I plan to go back for happy hour soon.
4	Oh my Ribeye!! Skip happy hour and go straight for the steak. Yes, the deviled eggs and Philly egg rolls are a notch above Applebee's but.. The steak was everything. It's price tag ($39) matches the quality. They perfectly cooked it med rare and was very impressive.  We ordered the chipotle Mac n cheese which was tasty as well.  Definitely if u live in the area and want to splurge this is is a perfect choice.
4	This place is great albeit a little overpriced. If you are looking for a swanky happy hour, I'd recommend Del Frisco's. They have happy hour priced wine but only one red and one white selection. The happy hour food is well priced.
2	I recently took a client here for lunch. It was my first time eating here and I will likely not return. Three sets of dishes/glasses/silverwear were dropped throughout the course of my visit causing a loud racket. Our waiter was nice and friendly, but a little too casual with us and kind of overstayed his welcome at the table -- joking and being silly. We were there for business and he was more of the demeanor I would expect at somewhere like an Olive Garden. He also didn't keep our glasses filled throughout lunch. Perhaps the worst part of my experience was the salad, though. I ordered the Ahi Tuna salad, which I recall was like $19. I bit into a frozen tomato; the tuna tasted stale and was neither searing hot nor cold. The salad was bland and looked like it had been tossed together using old ingredients. I actually only ate about five bites before deciding to pass. The decor of this restaurant was nice, but beyond that everything was subpar -- especially for the price.
4	We stopped in because another restaurant we were going to go to was closed for the evening.  Pretty tasty menu. I had the chicken schnitzel and my boyfriend had the tomato bisque & grilled gruyere cheese.  Both were equally delightful. The staff were pleasant and attentive. Now that I know how good it is, next time we're in Phoenix, we plan to go there on purpose.
2	I recently relocated from Houston where there is two Del friscos, one is the Eagle and the other grille I believe. I am a rewards member and know how and what to expect from the staff at a Del Friscos and my experience here was horrible. The hostess was a gem and seated us anywhere we wanted that was available,  but the waiter Brent was a incompetent jackass. I immediately knew what appetizers I wanted and he asked if I wanted to see the prices on the menu first, lmao. I was thinking this was a joke. I had to call him over several times because he seemed to be distracted by the business men at the table over. He must've thought he would get more bang for his buck if he attended to them and not me and my date. The food is and always will be great and Del friscos as a whole is amazing, but when I tried to escalate this to management and he advised I would receive a gift card in the mail. (Only to realize upon me checking the status of that he was let go from the company) . This has left a horrible taste in my mouth about the Phoenix. If in Houston please visit the one off of kirby, they will treat you like family.
1	After my review I was immediately followed up with Business Manager to amend things and was advised I would receive a call.....That was 1 9 days ago. I stand by my review and will only visit the location in houston.
5	Absolutely fabulous!  The manager Tamara and Carl are saints! I had an not so good experience my first time and they took full accountability and showed me what I remember about Del Friscos! The waitress was extremely attentive and made the best recommendations and the vibe there was awesome.  I will recommend EVERYONE here!
3	As a first timer, I must say IT was not too shabby. The hostesses upon our arrival were not so thrilled to see us. They were a bit unprofessional and not so welcoming. The ambiance inside was nice but we decided to go upstairs to the patio. The view was nice and we got nice table overlooking camelback road. Our waitress was whatever... Nothing special. We decided against actual dinner and ordered a bunch of appetizers since their happy hour was going on. Food was pretty nice and we for sure want to go back for some more. I also didn't like what the girls were wearing on upstairs patio. For a Biltmore restaurant, they are bit trashy. Just saying...So if the service gets a bit better this can actually be nice place to go out for drinks or dinner.
5	Mistakingly arrived at closing but the bartender shayla and manager mark were awesome and kept the kitchen open for me. Always good food. Always good drinks.
2	Where to begin??  We decided to meet another couple for a few drinks at Del Frisco's before heading out to listen to some Jazz on Saturday night around 7:30-8 pm.   The hostess did a reasonably good job saying hello and we headed into the bar.  It's was completey empty on a Saturday night?  Hmmm?  Odd we we thought, but figured it couldn't be all bad for a few drinks and an appetizer.  Then the NOT so fun began.....the bartender (didn't get his name) apparently wasn't all that thrilled to see his only patrons.   Not even a "Welcome we're so glad your here" and since we were the only people there, you would think he would be excited to serve us.  Anyway, the girls ordered their signature grapefruit infused vodka Martini, I had a Kettle One martini and the other in our party ordered a Malbec.  All good, but nothing that truly showed by the bartender he was happy to serve us.  Almost felt like he wanted to go home versus making patrons on a Saturday night welcome.  Ordered the crab cake appetite and it was the size of small sausage patty for $16.  The bartender then said, you only want one?  Never mentioned how small it was and then proceeded to lay out four serving sets for about a four bite appetizer.  Anyway, poor service and then a complete disaster on our bill.  Wrong bill was given to one of our parties.  They paid, left and then we get the correct bill with all their drinks on it.   What a mess.  The manager tried to make things better and took off the appetizer and their drinks, but really didn't seem all that happy or excited to make his guests feel better and welcome.  So...all in all....very poor service, no smiles, no attention to details, no welcoming feeling and left with the thought of never returning, especially when we have so many amazing choices in the Camelback area.  Try Hillstone across the street.  They are always happy to serve you with exceptional service and attitude.
4	we dined here at NYE for the first time.  We had a reservation, though they told us up front that they don't rush tables out, so it may be a small wait.  we really appreciated their honesty, and appreciated not being rushed out as well.  There was a mixup and it took a LONG time for a waiter to come over to us, but when we were finally helped (by someone else) the service was fabulous. The food was amazing, and we will definitely be back (maybe on a less busy night!).
2	So disappointed we came back for the freshly shaved prime rib and it was a nuked piece of greasy beef. Staff was great sad for them.
5	My first time here. I understand it's under new management. The food was great, cocktails and service were on point. Atmosphere had a sexy, relaxed vibe. Can't wait to go back.
