5	This place just opened a few weeks ago. I quickly discovered it because it is at the Basic/Water intersection, which is where the Nevada State College School of Education (of which I am a student) is located. Essentially, Daisy's is a New York-style deli, and the place has a real "family" feel going on. The menu is far larger and more diverse than you would expect from a deli - I have seen actual dine-in restaurants with smaller menus! The decor in the restaurant is well-chosen. Like many New York-style delis, there are posters of musicians and movie stars lining the walls. It isn't a huge dining area in the restaurant, though I have never seen it so jam-packed that this is a problem. The hours seem to be a little questionable. I was at NSC for class a few Saturdays ago, and the place seemed to be dead - clearly not open because the hours sign on the door stated Mon-Fri only. But when I was there for class yesterday, even though the sign said the same thing, the place was clearly opened. If they have officially expanded their hours to include Saturday, then more power to them. The food itself is very good, as are their beverage choices. My only real complaint on this front is that they have "bottled" drinks only, rather than fountain drinks - meaning no free refills. Fortunately, what they do have is excellent - I actually found a brand of cream soda I had never heard of - and how many dining establishments do you know of that actually carry cream soda? At the end of the day, this place is great, and convenient as well. The food and atmosphere are top-notch, and it is conveniently located in the downtown Henderson area. Highest recommendations!
3	Patronized Daisy's for lunch.  Wanted to do some laptop work on my lunch break.I walked in and looked around.  I wasn't greeted by anyone.  I noticed people ordering at the counter.  There was no menu posted so I grabbed a menu off the counter and sat down to look it over.The menu is large.  I was surprised by how many options they had.  I decided on a roast beef panini.  I went back up and stood at the counter for a few minutes and waited while the one girl working served a bunch of food orders.  She said nothing. For example, "I'll be right with you," may have been nice.  When she finally finished, she came to take my order and apologized for the wait.  Ok, back to a clean slate.I ordered my sandwich as a combo with fries and a drink.  $8.64.  You can choose from about 6 different side items...fries, tots, coleslaw and so on.  I asked for some modifications and they were very accomodating.  I asked for a side of ranch too.  I sat and waited, about 20 minutes....a long time for a sammy!  The people who ordered after me got their food...I kept waiting.  I got my sandwich, no ranch.  I asked her for the ranch, again.  The portion was huge.  I could only eat about half the fries.  Fries were ok.  Sandwich was good.  not enough meat.  I don't need a carnegie deli portion of beef or anything but I had about an inch of bread with no filling on the end of my sandwich.  I went to the counter to ask for the ranch again...third time is the charm!  The sandwich was nice and crispy on the outside.  The beef was stringy/chewy and diffcult to eat without pulling all of the insides out of my sandwich.  The girl came by to check on me twice.  That was nice.The place is cute.  I would give them another try.  Good lunch for $8.  A little slow, and certainly not spectacular.  Plenty of choices.
2	I've gone here before to sit down and eat and the food was great. I guess that's because they had to watch me eat it. Yesterday, I ordered medium hot chicken fingers. They looked extremely old. They were NOT hot, they were mild. The vegetables were old and spoiled. I wish I would have looked at the food before I left the place because I would have said something. This is ridiculous. Gross place. NASTY!
