4	I love the Laurel Market- this is definately the place to go if your idea of a sandwich consists of more than what they have to offer at subway.  This is a great place to go for lunch or to grab a dinner to go.  When the kitchen (deli) is open, they have a huge variety of at least 30 different hot and cold sandwiches with fresh and gourmet ingredients (lots of avocado, brie, hummus,etc.).  They offer side items like pasta and potato salad, chips, or fresh fruit salad.  The desserts (my favorite is the chocolate and cherry black forrest cake) are huge and to die for.  If you go after 5 than you can choose from the boxed sandwiches and salads to take home.  They also sell a decent variety of wine and beer.  There is also a location at 1515 South Blvd in the Dilworth/ South End neighborhood.
4	You definitely have to be looking for Laurel Market to find it; it's just off of providence road and looks like your average beer/wine convenience store. Delicious breakfast sandwiches and a great place for lunch. They have many options as far as breads, cheeses, toppings, etc and the prices are very reasonable, $3.50 for a huge breakfast sandwiches. I also like their brand of chips they carry, I can't think of the brand but they have a large variety of unique flavors.And if it's more convenient you can call your order in ahead of time and it will be ready when you get there.
4	Huge, delicious sandwiches.  Take out only and I would recommend calling in your order because the wait for your sandwich can be 10-20 minutes.  A must try!
5	YEAH for breakfast sandwiches!  I love finding the time to sneak over there before work and grab a delicious breakfast sandwich.  They are fresh and made with tender, love and care.  I don't frequent the Laurel Market as much as my Mom does who goes to fill up her coffee 3-4 time a day but regardless, these women are hooked!  Friendly and hard working staff.  Great beer and wine selection.  Perfect neighborhood hang-out.
3	So, I was actually trying to drive to Panera (yeah I know, boo for chains, but whatever sometimes you just want to know what to expect) and I frantically made my left off of Providence a little too quickly and ended up in the Starbucks parking lot.  I don't know what it is about businesses here but they sure don't like sharing parking.  I couldn't even walk over to Panera, there were hedges everywhere.So I gave up and wandered around the area that was accessible by my parking lot and found this little convenience store plus sandwich shop.  I saw some folks eating on the tables outside of the place and that clued me in to the sandwich aspect of this market.Well I went up to the sandwich counter and was kind of ignored by the two employees for a minute... granted they were both working on sandwiches but you know, you expect eye contact or something.  Then one of them asks, "did you order?" I'm like... "no".  Who would I have ordered from?At this point they would've had to have had pretty darn good sandwiches to put me back in a good mood and luckily they did.  I ordered a juiced up BLT with avocado and other deliciousness on it and it was very tasty and fresh.  It was made pretty quickly too, I guess there ain't a lunch rush on Saturdays.  So two stars for kind of lousy customer service, four stars for a very yummy sandwich.
4	The Laurel Market is another quaint Charlotte institution that is full of character (and sometimes characters!).  I like the wine section and can always find something new to try.
2	I like options. I have CM, Adam's, and Laurel Market close to my house. A big fan of CM and Adams, and decided to try Laurel Market to see if it could fit in the rotation.There were issues with my experience; sandwiches were good, but that said - for the rotation order LM falls to 3rd behind Adam's and CM.
4	Laurel Market has been a staple in my world since i moved to the Elizabeth neighborhood. Some mornings I will walk my dog down to get my coffee from their caffeine buffet (always French Vanilla with a biscotti on the side). Their breakfast wraps are my favorite in town and easy on the wallet. I keep it simple with the bacon, egg, and cheese in a spinach wrap. They also have an excellent wine and beer selection for fancy drinkers. And the staff is always friendly and helpful.
5	I don't know of a better place in Charlotte to get a sandwich or a wrap.  This one for me is an A+.  I've recently introduced (hooked) about 10 people at work onto Laurel Market.  It's at least a 45 minute round trip for us to go for lunch (takeout) but it's worth the time/gas!  So far, my favorite and the crowd favorite is the #4.  Most of us get it on a Spinach or Tomato Basil wrap.  It's incredible!  Turkey/Pepperjack/LTO/Bacon/Chipotle spread... unbeatable.
4	So I happened upon this place after I was searching for a new place to get a breakfast sandwich here on Yelp. I live in Dilworth, so it isn't too far. They had a great variety of breakfast and regular sandwiches and also many flavors of coffee, which I love. I got the Americano breakfast sandwich, which is huge, and a large cinnamon hazelnut coffee. Both were delicious. It was a little more than I would usually pay, but considering the large size, well worth it. The only thing that I didn't like was the lack of seating with tables. I had planned to eat there and then run other errands, but all they have are benches outside, with nowhere to set my coffee and sandwich. If they could add some tables, it would be great. I do plan to come back and try some of their regular sandwiches in the future as well.
4	As some folks on here have recommended I went with the #4 in a wrap and while the turkey wasn't like mind blowing, throwing in bacon and some chipotle mayo is guaranteed to please and it did. I think they could really step up their game if they made their own turkey or maybe swapped a chicken salad in with the same stuff.
5	Laurel Market is a great place for sandwiches, it's located in a convenient store behind the Starbucks, beside the Manor Theatre on Providence.  There's no place to eat your sandwich, there are a couple of benches and a few chairs out front, so you are lucky to grab one.My favorite is when you get lettuce on a sandwich they put two different ones, so it really gives it a nice texture and they aren't stingy with toppings, everything is equal amounts.The store itself is great too, nice beer and wine selection, not huge, but decent brands. Plenty of chips, cakes and candies!!!My favorite sandwich is the chicken torta, french bread, chicken, lettuce, tom, onion, black bean spread and extra jalapenos!  Yes, please!!  And I also love their bologna sandwich, it's sliced thin with mayo, lettuce and tomato.  I can't believe I order a bologna sandwich, but I have many times!!Coffee and sweet tea too!
5	Amazing deli but the ordering process and expedition isn't always the most efficient.
4	Love it! I've been here numerous times for fresh-made sandwiches and sides.  Everything is fresh. It's a little pricey for a deli, but the sandwiches are so big I can order just a half sandwich. Love to give this place business instead of a chain. In cooler weather, their soups are great.
4	This place is pretty hidden and looks like it may have been abandoned, but I assure you, it does contain life.....and sandwiches.We went here on a weekday afternoon and it was surpisingly busy, but there were 4 people behind the deli counter and they were making it rain sandwiches/wraps, so the wait time was minimal.We got a wrap with turkey, bacon, and pepperjack, and then a crossoint sandwich with turkey, bacon, and ranch.  They were both great, and the bacon was awesome.  The only potential improvement could be to toast the sandwich/wrap a little to melt the cheese, but I just took care of that at home.I am sure we will make another stop here again soon.
4	This place is a hidden gem right next to Starbucks on Providence Rd.  One of the best places to grab a sandwich made to order.   Their breakfast torta is the bomb (tip:  add either tomato or avocado as a neat alternative).  Take out only.  Credit cards accepted.   Parking limited.   I would have given 5 stars but I don't all the flavored coffees.  If they put in a 1st rate expresso machine and got serious about coffee--ouch!
5	I've been coming to Laurel Market for years and I adore their sandwiches! I frequently get the Healthy Americano on a spinach wrap for a weekend late breakfast.  My sweetheart loves the Smoked Turkey with apricot spread, currants, walnuts, lettuce and tomato, which he describes as one of the best sandwiches he has ever had.  There is frequently a line but it is worth the wait and the staff is wonderful.
3	I was in the area and remebered seeing a review on Yelp and wanted to check it out. I arrived shortly after 11:30 and there was a line for the sandwiches. As I waited in the line I read over the chalkboard mean of all they offered, which is a lot. Having never been before I decided to stick with a BLT with Turkey.  The service was just alright. I think because I asked a few questions about two of the sandwiches the lady was annoyed..Sorry, I've never been here.  As I waited for my sandwich I checked out the variety of other things sold in the store, chips, coffee, treats and wine. A cute little place with limited seating. I took my order to go and enjoyed the sandwich very much. I did love the mixture of lettuce, shredded and flat leaf. Gave the sandwich a little texture, and the best part, the bacon was well done and crisp, YUM. I would definitely go back if I were in the area.
5	Went to the laurel market for the first time last week and it was one of the best sandwiches I've had in charlotte. I got a turkey, goat cheese, avocado, currants,  and apricot spread wrap and loved it. They also have a huge selection of drinks and snacks. The setup is very cozy and feels like a mom & pop type of market. I will definitely be going back.
5	If you love cheap, huge breakfast sandwiches, not sure why you'd go ANYWHERE ELSE. They serve it until 2:30pm. The quality of ingredients, the size, the price... Unparalleled in CLT. I've tried many combinations, favorite being the torta bread, the bacon is out of this world, the sausage is a tad bland but I like it with sauce or bacon, the egg is fresh and they give a substantial amount, the chipotle sauce, my god. So good.
5	Nice corner market with a very friendly staff and their breakfast sandwiches are amazing
5	I've worked around the corner from this place for years and never ventured in until recently. I am so glad I finally did! I haven't had anything here that wasn't amazing. If you're looking for a sandwich, skip Panera and head over to Laurel Market.
