2	Accurate installed a Trane A/C unit at our house and it has required quite a bit of service over its first 2 years.  Recently, the thermostat broke and needed to be replaced -- of course on a 107 degree Saturday.  We had the technician come out and he told us that they do not carry the part with them and that Accurate does not provide access to the part over the weekend.  He wanted to put on a temporary thermostat but made it clear that he had no idea if it would work.  Given the fact the 2-year old unit has broken twice already and we had no idea if it would void the warranty, we decided that was a bad idea.  We paid him $146 for this call.  We then called another provider who stocks the part (yes, even on weekends and after hours) and we got it replaced a few hours later, no hassles.  I do not understand how an authorized service agent of Trane does not stock parts over the weekend, particularly when we are talking AC during June in Phoenix.  As an aside, Accurate did call 4 days later, but not to try to resolve our issue but instead to make sure their technician followed the protocol of the company, which I guess he did.  So, I'd say if you want quick service and expert repair, steer clear of Accurate.
5	My family has been using Accurate Air for over 20 years and I personally have been using them for 8 years. They have great, friendly service. Very dependable, make an effort to get to you as soon as possible. Friendly office staff too. We use them for both A/C work and plumbing and have always been satisfied
5	Fast, knowledgeable, and honest.  These guys don't work on commission like the other rip off companies.
5	With the crazy electrical storms the past few days my AC unit exploded, yes really.  I wasn't sure what to do so from a recommendation from my sister I filled out the web form for Accurate Air on their website ( it was late when the explosion happened ). Their office staff called me promptly when they opened  in the morning and were very nice and sent George out right away.  George came and surveyed the damage and gave me a few options on repairing or replacing the exploded compressor.  I opted for a new AC unit.  They got one from the warehouse and had it installed the new morning in the morning all in about 24 hours.  I had really good luck with them.
5	On time, did a thorough a/c checkup, made sure to remind me to change the filters regularly (had not been doing so).  Charged me a reasonable fee for service.
5	We have used this business since the early 90's.  I highly recommend them.  I also recommend the yearly checkup where they take a look at your A/C.  Do this in the Spring, and get your A/C tuned up for the summer.  We have had the same technician, who's name I don't remember, come out here for years.  This is a family run business that appears to retain it's employees over the long-run, and that tells me something right there!
