5	We ordered seafood fried noodle and stir-fried fish w ginger and scallion.  We love the service, authenticity of the food.  Prices - very reasonable.  We highly recommend this restaurant.
3	My family has been here a number of times for family lunches.  We find the food to be above average, and about as authentically Chinese as one might hope to find here.  We especially love the Peking Duck... can't get enough of it!  According to a magazine article (displayed at the restaurant), this is supposedly the specialty of the chef.My impression is that most other dishes are rather common, including the likes of the ubiquitous General Tao, Lemon Chicken etc, so I can't say they are particularly special / unique.  So far my encounters with the servers has been positive, as they are polite / cheery.  The place is new (opened in 2013, I believe) and clean.  If you're seated next to the window (the restaurant is on the second floor), you'll get a panoramic view of the hustle and bustle of Montreal Chinatown, which is a plus.
3	You probably heard about this place from the guy on the street advertising it. The atmosphere is pretty nice, the place is clean and looks high end. Despite that, the prices are very reasonable (my table split the bill and it was about $14 each). Wide selection of chinese food, pretty standard chinese restaurant.
3	Came here three times in a span of 12 days because we stayed at the Zero One hotel right next to Chinatown. Chose this restaurant because in regards to hygiene and decor, Chez Maxim stood out against the rest of the restaurants on the street. Our first experience was wonderful; we had just gotten off a 5 hour plane ride, and the restaurant was brightly lit and had wonderful attentive staff. The food was meticulously prepared for all three visits. They also have free Wifi which is a major plus! The second time we came during a weekday night, so there weren't as many waiters working the shift. They recognized us from the previous night and suggested a fish that they had bought freshly that day. They told us that if the dish was cooked two ways that the cost would be a little more expensive. Yes, it was good...but "a little more expensive" is not supposed to mean 20$ more. The dish was originally 37 and became 57 instead; we were not very happy about that. Other than that, no complaints.On our last visit to Chez Maxim, we brought along two non-chinese speaking friends. The waitress proceeded to vehemently try to persuade us to get the most expensive dishes of elaborate seafood, when clearly we were avoiding more exotic dishes in respect of our guests. Nevertheless, she kept trying to make us get the lamb stock or beef tongue or a bunch of strange items that we were trying to steer clear of. We ordered orange beef, some noodles, and other guest friendly items and the waitress seemed a little fed up with us. Additionally, we were having serious business discussions with our guests and the waitress kept coming over every 5 minutes to cut in with her chinese, making it very uncomfortable for us in front of our english speaking guests. Finally the last and more unnerving part of our dining experience here on the third visit was the attentiveness of the boss lady in the front who sits at the bar while all other waiters work around her. We called for the check around the time the boss' friends came in through the door. Because she is the one who swipes the credit card on the scanner for us, we can't have the other waiters get our bill for us. The boss lady proceeded to go chit chat and individually serve her two guests for about 10 minutes while we were waiting. (She had not gotten up at all during our meal except to serve her friends) My friend asked the waiter a bit impatiently if she could please tell the boss to come give us the check because we wanted to leave, and the waiter apologized and told us to be UNDERSTANDING of the boss wanting to talk to her friends and that we gestured for us to wait a little more. My friend had it at that point, and called over to the boss to please bring us the check so we could leave; and the boss had the audacity to tell us that SHE had been waiting for us the whole time. We stormed out pretty angrily after paying.Overall, great quality food, great atmosphere, unprofessional service. For a restaurant with such beautiful interior and a newspaper article about them hanging in the front door, I expect a lot more. My advice is to come on a weekend or friday night when they're more on top of everything.
4	Had dinner last night here from a recommendation from Chowhound. All in all a solid Chinese restaurant in Chinatown Montreal. We ordered the Lobster Ginger for $25. I thought this was extremely tasty, although hard to eat (lobster generally is). The lobster seemed large though and generous portion! We really enjoyed the Mongolian beef. Cooked well, great thick sauce and a nice addition of vegetables. For appetizer we had dumplings in peanut sauce which were good.
3	Tried a lot of Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. The food is OK, but not great but the servers will try to give you less quantity as compared to other restaurants.
3	Watch out for aggressive Chinese lady who swindled you into the most expensive menu items and hovers over your entire dining experience and then expects a big tip!
4	On the second floor so one must look up to find. Dinning room is very clean and fairly elegant . Helpful waitress. We ordered two popular lunch menu dishes. They came with ample, good tasting vegetables. The shrimp was not deep fried nor the sauce oily and it tasted wonderful for being healthy. In addition we ordered a plate on in-season vegetables which were " leaves of snow peas" : wow! That was a first, very delicious.Basic lunch is $10. So add in a few extras ie beer, extra plate and we spent $50 with tip! Very full and great taste
5	Food- We ordered the $33 2 person combo; well worth it- The food came out hot all the time- The portions were very generous for the 2 of us- Very tasteful- Good selection of drinksService- Staff is fluent in English, French and native tongue- Staff is fast, polite and helpful in making sure your glass is always fullAtmosphere- Great view of China town from the upper balcony- Traditional cloths and seat covers- When you first walk to the restaurant you see these long stairs going all the way up, they are deceiving because you only go half way :)- The only reason we found this place, was for the guy across the street promoting it; thankful he did.
4	Stopped here for lunch while on a walking tour in Montreal. There were so many restaurants to choose from in Chinatown but the second floor location and attractive windows looking over the street drew us in.  There are lunch specials with reasonable prices. All of the food was fresh, tasty and prepared quickly. I would recommend it if you were in the area and looking for a quick choice for lunch.
4	Ordered the $33 2 person combo. Wonton soup was the best I have ever had. It had pork and shrimp in it. Noodles were also not as thick as most of the places I have had it from in the states. Very happy with task and texture. Service was nice and fast. Not quite a 5 star rave, but definitely pushing a string 4. Total bill with tax was $44. They are very nice, and they don't rush you out the door when you get your bill.
4	Just had dinner there again last night. There are a number pluses for this restaurant that I hadn't notice the last time. We ordered a soup and to our pleasant surprise it wasn't over salted as many other Chinese  restaurants would probably do. The Peking Duck is definitely markedly different compared to others I've tried in Montreal - the crepe is steamed and hence warm and soft. The salt and pepper tofu is very savory. The lobster noodle is another dish that's worth a try. And the complimentary dessert at the end topped off our evening.
