1	J's Noodle is located in the same suite where Noodle Palace used to be and is advertised as "Authentic Yunnan Cuisine." At first, I couldn't tell if the place was "J's" or "F's" because the scripture/font they used looks like it could be both and later, the credit card receipt confirmed the place is "J's."  We were very excited to have another Yunnan style Chinese restaurant other than our all-time favorite, Yunnan Garden. We were disappointed. The menu is sparse and didn't have the variety of Yunnan style dishes as we expected. With "noodle" in their name, I expected a plethora of noodle dishes.....anotherdisappointment. Come on, Wendy's Noodle has plenty of noodle dishes and so should J's. The table next to us was asking the waiter if they had several Yunnan dishes that Yunnan Garden serves and they were told, "no." Oh really?We ordered a curry beef rice dish and was told they sold out during lunch. I asked the waiter how many days they have been opened and he said, "five." If you just opened, wouldn't you make sure that all items be made available? Not sure how busy lunch was, but, there wasn't a line of people waiting outside for dinner.Here is what we ordered:House Noodle $8.99-Everything comes separately: noodles in one small bowl, the broth, and the veggies and protein (thin slices of fish, pork, chicken, quail? eggs). The veggies and protein come raw (shabu-shabu style) that you place into the broth to cook. Broth is flavorful at the moment and and hour later, I discovered it has been enhanced with MSG. Now it has been over two hours since we finished dinner and my mouth is dry and lips puckered from the MSG.Seafood Noodle (I forget the actual name on the menu) $6.99-A sad and un-flavorful combination of veggies and seafood bits. When we were eating it, we remarked how bland it was. I'm glad since it would have been enhanced with MSG like our House Noodle.Chicken Wings (Yunnan Style) $3.99-Not sure what Yunnan wings are supposed to taste like, but it looks like a salt and pepper style deep-fried wing on top of lettuce and sprinkled with jalapeno peppers. More like Cantonese. The order came with five small wings. These wings cannot compete with Wai over at Big Wongs. For the same price, Wai serves six large and flavorful wings. Big Wong definitely has the best wings in Chinatown.The serving staff was friendly, but they didn't check if we needed more tea until we asked.My biggest disappointment was because I was very excited in the beginning of the day knowing I was going to taste some intense-flavored Yunnan style food after work in the evening. Hopefully, they will realize that if you are going to put "Yunnan and Noodles" on your business card, you better adjust your menu. For now, please take these calories back.Truly a 1.0 - 1.5 experience and I hardly hand out 1s. Too much MSG used in the broth to cheat the flavor. If J's doesn't add more noodle or Yunnan style dishes, the landlord might as well seek another tenant.
3	This probably is more of a 2.5 star review. My mum was given a voucher to try the J's Original House Noodle for free. After examining the menu (which offers a lot of appetizers, but not too many choices unique to the place), it was starting to seem like it was another run of the mill cheap noodle place. We started out a few appetizers:-Fried spring rolls ($2.99 for 5 pcs). These were tasty and fried well - not greasy and very flavorful. I hate it when fried foods aren't cooked at a high enough temperature and removed promptly - they absorb way too much oil and the flavor is overpowered by it. -Salt pepper tofu ($2.99). These were fried and seasoned perfectly. There was a thin, crispy layer of batter. Perfect. Once again, well cooked. These were super delicious, and the serving was very generous - enough for 3-4 people instead of just 1-2.-Salt pepper calamari ($4.99). This was probably the most important dish, since this is my absolute favorite appetizer to have and I get rather annoyed when it isn't satisfactory. They brought this out late, long after the first two dishes were gone. The salt pepper was nonexistant, and the thin batter that coated the salt pepper tofu was not the batter they used here. It was thick, the squid was overcooked, and it tasted too much of oil. I ate one piece and that was enough for me already. Not a fan.Lastly, then came the noodles that we used the voucher for. They're originally priced at $8.99 a bowl. Like the reviewer R. M. said, the soup, noodles, and veggies/meat come separately. You put the veggies (an assortment of chives, mushrooms, corn, pickled veggies, mushrooms, cabbage) and the meat (fish, pork, chicken, quail eggs) in the hot soup to cook first, then you add the noodles. I appreciated all the fresh raw ingredients. However, the soup was tasteless, and the noodles (rice noodles) seemed to be overcooked. It just all seemed so poorly executed. I was so disappointed. The analogy I'd use to describe this is like preparing bibimbap. There are so many elements that have to be correct in that seemingly simple dish. Same rule applies here. With a menu so limited in choices, I expect perfection in their fewer offerings - ESPECIALLY with their "House Noodle". I'm giving it a  2 1/2 because I do see potential. They are a fairly new establishment so I think they may be trying to get the hang of things, but we shall see. Also, I should mention that the service was fantastic - the two servers that we had were really nice.
1	I've had better food.  I had the same problem - is it F's or J's???  I don't get it.  Logos or signs make a company.  If people can't even decipher it, it's pretty bad.The menu should be structured a bit better.  The steamed fish and vegetable dish apparently comes in 2 styles - salt and pepper or black bean.  I don't like black bean and I thought the salt and pepper style would be steamed but turns out the fish comes deep fried with salt and pepper on a bed of shredded cabbage and carrots.  I asked where's the vegetables and the waitress said that I had ordered the salt and pepper.  OK, I did but maybe you could explain that the salt and pepper style means deep fried and NOT steamed as the menu describes!!!!!  I was quite peeved and did not enjoy my food.  Won't be back ever.
1	As I thought. Place would eventually go out of business.
