3	This is my trusty dive when I'm in the mood for a $4 rice bowl.  They do it right and do it cheap here in this strip mall joint - and they even have a Hawaiian-style straw hut in the middle of the restaurant, which sadly enough don't come with surfers or hula dancers.  I usually order the Tahiti or the Fiji bowls - both of which are pork teriyaki - but one is spicier than the other and comes with jalapeno peppers.   And while a typical spicy rice bowl can grow hair on one's chest - it's not as spicy as the stuff at Chino Bandido.  But this place is alright.  Service is always very friendly and quicker than other nearby places.I wouldn't go out of my way for this or anything.  But if you're up in the Northwest Valley and have extra time you might as well just keep driving east to Chino Bandido for the REAL spicy rice bowls.
5	In searching for more places to eat lunch on the north side of town, we came across Island Teriyaki.  It's an unassuming strip mall joint with a pretty straight forward menu.  Nothing terribly fancy, but it hits the spot every time.  Never seems to be overly crowded, I go with the Oahu rice bowl.  With the buy 6 bowls get 1 free promo I will be frequenting this place more and more, and may try something new along the way.
4	Nothing crazy here. The Fiji-Oahu on brown rice is what I always get. High quality food with no frills. Wouldn't die if I couldn't ever eat it again but I would be sad  that I would need to find another easy and inexpensive yet reliable meal.
4	I love this place! I used to come here every day on my lunch break in highschoolback when my pallette was a wee bit unrefined, since then i have grown up a bit and realize that there is more to asian cuisine than rice bowlsbut thats not what this place is about, nor would i hold it against themIsland Teriyaki is a place where you can grab a tasty quick bite to eat for around $5 or so, everything is simple, to the point and deliciousand for that, it draws hungry west side fans from all aroundyou'd be hardpressed to find a better lunch option in the areapersonal favorite: the japanese style curry w/ brwn ricemmmmxtra* for the beautiful girls they have behind the counter ^___^
5	Island Terrayki is a great place to eat at.  The owners are nice the prices are right you can't go wrong with that.  My coworkers and I have been going there for a few years now and we all love it.  Highly suggest eating here if you are in the northwest valley and want some good quality food.
5	Nondescript shopping centers sometimes hold the best secrets, and nestled between a dry cleaner and a nail salon is one of those secrets. I've been eating at Island Teriyaki since high school, and I know that it is still a diet staple for the local high school kids. Island has several menu options but the basic chicken and rice bowl is the best choice! Like Robert O. says, this is not the place for authentic Asian cuisine. Serving delicious food for very low prices, this is the place for a quick and tasty lunch. I would steer clear on early release days because the Deer Valley kids (and even the teachers) swarm Island like a plague of locusts.
4	For a quick bite to eat this is the place, it is inexpensive and filling. The staff is always super nice, and food is always good. Cant go wrong just wish they would open one in Surprise.
2	We called in a order to go at work the other day.  Holly big bowl of rice,  we all got the med and were surprised to see a huge bowl of brown rice with a pretty skimpy portion of chicken and Teriyaki sauce and that's it,  I got the combo bowl so I got some veggies and chicken and the veggies were pretty sad. Don't think we will order again it seemed such a waste when we all threw away all that leftover rice after we had eaten our meager little portion of chicken.  I will say everyone said the chicken was quite good.
1	What the hell is wrong with Glendale??? For the love of God raise your standards people, this place is absolute crap Teriyaki. It's the worst buffet quality food without the inconvenience of having to get up and get more. The food is not cooked to order which is the first problem, there is no way you can serve my giant bowl or rice and dried out chicken in less than 2 minutes unless this craptastic turd of a lunch is sitting in warming trays in the back. Lazy ass piss poor food. I, like Chuck S. hail from Seattle and this place would have been closed down inside of two months if they tried serving this festering fecal poopsicle excuse for food. Okay, it isn't THAT bad, but close. DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU KNOW WHAT GOOD FOOD TASTES LIKE. Driving back to the house I notice another Yelp 4 star crap food joint in Glendale is closed down. Pie Zano's bit the dust and deservedly so. But again.... somehow Glendale gave these people a 4 star ??? I am loosing trust for Yelpers in Glendale.
2	The food was.....eh. I stopped by to grab dinner; and as a desperate vegan, this was the only place I could find near my parents' home.The staff was super sweet and helpful though.
5	This is really neat restaurant ! They have all different kind of teriyaki menu. It looks like they prepare meal really clean. My favorite is Yaki soba it is noodle with teriyaki with different meat but the noodle is always cooked just right ! I like that
5	Love all their dishes!
3	Coming from Seattle I have had my fair share of Teriyaki and by no means does Arizona have a place even decent.  However this place is A-OK status and that is a far cry from lowly Samurai Sam's that everyone here thinks is great.  I see some really bad reviews but on this experience my chicken was moist and there was the same proportion I would get if I was in Seattle.  I admit the sauce is just decent but I spice it up with Siracha anyways.  The rice was sticky and not dried out like other places as well.  The salad was very weak so I'll skip that next time but hey guess what at least there will be a next time.  :) Summary:If your from a city with great Teriyaki it's not going to be up there but if Samurai Sam's is the best you have had give this spot a try.
4	Blows the roof off of local competitors in this type of food. I would go here at least three times a week if I lived closer. Great tasting and great for post workout.
4	Island Teriyaki is a no frills dive with less than authentic Japanese/Hawaiian food. However, my family has been coming here for the past probably fifteen years or so and I still crave it often! It has also been through several different owners in that time, but the service is always good and staff is very friendly. I always get the large Singapore (chicken curry) with salad. It is amazing curry! I love that they let you substitute brown rice for no extra fee too. My family's other favorites are the jerk chicken, fish tacos, beef, and shredded pork dishes. Recently, I noticed they have started adding new items like chow fun, orange chicken, and sweet and sour chicken. Not sure how good those are though. Don't expect anything fancy here, but it is a nice and cheap place for Asian food in Glendale.
4	Finally, a legit teriyaki joint on the Phoenix market.  Being from the Northwest, I am a teriyaki snob, but Island Teriyaki really came through for me.  Your choice of dark, white, jerk or curry chicken with a side salad and regular or spicy teriyaki sauce.  Worth the drive and will be back for sure.
5	My wife and I love this place. It's quick, somewhat healthy, and consistent. $15 for two of us.
4	I eat here several times a month while working. I love the spicy chicken ska Jamaica. The staff is always friendly and my experience is always good. If you are around the area and need a clean friendly and reliable place to go this is it.
3	3.5 starsI'm a fan of Flamebroiler (do they have those in AZ?) so I'm trying to find a decent teriyaki bowl place close to me. I want to say rice bowls are for Asian/Indian people what sandwiches must be for White people lol; quick, cheap, tasty and a usually healthy meal. I think this place fits the bill! I got the cayman which is a combo of two of their items. I got the Fiji and Singapore curry. Fiji is like slow cooked chuck roast in teriyaki sauce, good but still a little tough. Singapore curry had chicken and carrots in like a Japanese curry (like the cubes you buy at the asian market) but with a hint of sourness. The meat (chicken) was stringy because it was also slow cooked, a texture I didn't care for.Overall I enjoyed my meal and serving size was good, I couldn't finish my bowl.Price was cheap, 5 bucks! Even less if you get one item. I appreciate their unique menu, away from the typical chicken or beef drenched in teriyaki sauce, but its nothing mind blowing. Probably will be back since its so close to Midwestern, and so cheap! I'll update this review after I try some more items. Looking forward to trying their appetizer items, crab puffs and egg rolls.10% discount for Midwestern students!
3	Large Fiji with veggies. I almost went to subway when I noticed a restaurant right next to it. I had always seen Island Teriyaki because it has been there forever but never ventured in. Now, I'm not one to really rate decor or atmosphere so let's just get straight to the food.The Fiji is supposed to be a thin-sliced beef teriyaki on white rice. I got a more tamale/pot roast type of meat. However this didn't diminish or take away from the taste. I was surprised to find out there is a $1.70 charge to add veggies because in reality it tends to save the business money since usually they will then put less of the more expensive product: the meat. This had TONS of meat though! I was quite confused with the ball of lettuce and orange in the side portion corners. There was also some type of soy sauce based dressing. I put it all together and gave it a try and it wasn't that great. I wanted to focus more on that teriyaki! The teriyaki was quite good and the large portion definitely was enough to fill me up but seemed smaller than other typical large portions. The price seemed higher and the portions seemed smaller when compared to places like Genghis Grill, YC's Mongolian Grill, and even Samurai Sam's. I will be going back to give the chicken a try to really capture a review of the chicken teriyaki experience! PRO: Quick, friendly service. They automatically give you silverware, napkins, and extra sauce. Beef was tender and moist. CON: On the expensive side for a quick lunch option. High charge for veggies.  Didn't clearly advertise brown rice option. Some options not exactly as described in menu.
3	Very few plates with shrimp. . Small shrimp. ..  great people thought. ..  The rise noodles are soo good. ..  good prices for the food. . They do have a lot of chicken dishes that are pretty good. But I prefer shrimp over any other meet.
5	I've been going to Islands for over five years now and absolutely love the Oahu/Catalina combo! Great service, the employees always have a smile on their face. Price and quality is exceptional! Definitely recommend trying this place if you're in the mood for Teriyaki!
4	Its a very awesome place with great food and service . She changed the time from 11-6 to 11 - 8
5	Let me wipe the drool off of my chin real fast..Small Fiji with brown rice, delicious!Fish tacos, give me more!!Small Jamaica, too spicy for me but my boyfriend can't get enough!Large half Fiji/half Oahu and half white/brown rice with a small salad, PERFECT meal for two!You cannot go wrong here!! Super fast and friendly, I've been coming here since I was a child (10 years)!!!
4	This is a little family owned restaurant that has killer Teriyaki Bowls. I eat here almost once a week and I have always had good food, good service, and they have never messed up a order. Everyone from the owner to the cook if friendly and actually talk to their customers.I am a huge fan of the Oahu bowl, and if you are going to check this place out, I would suggest trying it out. The price is right and the place is clean. If you are in the area give it a shot!!!!
5	Love their chow fun !!! It tastes really good especially with beef.. Tried the shrimp and it didn't taste a good . Also you get midwestern discount along with a free soft drink ! Yay!! Love the lady there !
1	I'm not sure why this was rated so highly since it tasted like cat food shipped in from the Hawaiian Island by boat. Quite frankly, I've had nightmares that left me with a better feeling in my stomach that the substandard swill i at at this 'Hawaiian' restaurant.
4	Got the O'ahu plates, the chicken and teriyaki sauce were excellent. However, my only complaint is a very limited menu. You may want to consider adding a few more choices, maybe appetizers like pitstickers. Also maybe some mac salad with the combo plates.
4	Delicious teriyaki. I have only have the Oahu so far and it was awesome! The chicken was cooked just right and the sauce was definitely made in-house. I will be back!
4	I come here at least 2 times a week everyone is very polite food comes out quick. The teriyaki sauce is great brown rice always on point chicken cooked to perfection. The protein bowl is great for a post meal!
5	I have eaten here for the last 5 years and love it. Fast, friendly and great food. Highly recommended!
1	Tried this place for the first time and got the mini Maui chicken for lunch. Teriyaki is mediocre at best, chicken is not freshly prepared as if they took it out of the fridge and stuck it in the microwave for a few seconds. Salad is just a cheap head of iceberg lettuce chopped up. I should've headed down the street to Leo's Hawaiian and stuck to my usual.
5	Alway fresh moist chicken (I get the white meat Oahu) with good sticky rice and yummy sauce.
5	This place is AWESOME! If your looking for a wholesome family owned operation with great food you have come to the right place. The food will never disappoint. I come here 4 times + a week. Always reasonably priced. Always fast. When you come here look out for Cameron Slater he's a pro bowler MVP he's always at the bowling alley next door so he's here a lot! Always willing to give you a few tips! Definitely try this place if you are on the fence. Best decision I ever made. And the owner Ms. Kim is Great.
2	Was searching for a new restaurant and decided to try this place out. Not my best decision. They have a pretty limited menu. I ended up ordering a small Oahu bowl. It's supposed to be chicken breast with their teriyaki sauce. I substituted the rice that it normally comes with for vegetables. The bowl I got was vegetables with cubed pieces of check on top. Unfortunately, it was absolutely drenched with sauce. Like swimming in sauce. I was even given an extra container container of sauce in case I wanted to put more. Maybe they forgot that there was no rice to absorb some of the sauce, but it was just way too much. Also, if the sauce was super good, I probably wouldn't have minded, but the sauce was average, at best, and wasn't really unique. I know there's only so many ways to prepare teriyaki sauce, but this felt like it was a recipe pulled off the internet instead of someone's unique creation. The staff was friendly though (hence the 2 stars), but I doubt I will go back there.
4	This place is pretty good for the price. You can get a very large and tasty meal for under $8, which is rare these days. The staff is friendly, and it's kept pretty clean. I've seen reviews from other people complaining that the menu is limited and the food didn't dazzle them...both true...It's your average teriyaki joint. But average food joints have their place, and at $8/meal, the food and environment here is at the upper end of average. Which, in my mind, is the definition of good value. I'll definitely be coming back here.
5	I go here all the time for the fast quick and delicious vegetarian lunch! That Catalina is pretty bomb!
