3	Trying to book New Year's Eve dinner for four at the last minute anywhere is going to be a pain in the arse. You will get your pocketbook emptied at most places.  I ended up making reservations here because it looked like a place we could afford ($16 - $25 for a main entree).The restaurant is tucked inside a mall in the middle of downtown. Half of the restaurant is glass and overlooks the city.  Most of the tables line the windows.The food itself was decent.  I had their "spots", which was a crusted and pan fried white fish. It was good but was it $20 good? Not so much.  The salad that accompanies the meal had a housemade balsamic vinaigrette to die for. I think I could've just eaten the balsamic vinaigrette for dinner and been good. Other diners in our party had the carbonara (proclaimed good, but not great), a shrimp with clams and garlic butter sauce pasta dish (proclaimed very tasty), and the house special that night (a pork roast that had some bold flavors that were too bold per the person who had it). We had two ice teas, a cosmo, and two beers.Total for the meal (with tax) was $116. I can't say I had warm fuzzies for the place. It wasn't great. It wasn't bad. It just was. The server and greeter were very nice, though.And so ends my 100th review.
3	Located in 5th Avenue Place downtown, Cafe Amante definitely serves its purpose for a sit down eatery as it's the only true sit down restaurant in the building. It's nothing special, it's just there. The good is good the service is okay as well. It's just kind of there. Nothing is every special or changing there. I hate calling it regular but that's truly what it is.If you're going for lunch look to spend about 10 bucks per meal and that's not including your beverage. It could be considered pricey depending on your lunchtime budget. I'm a fan of their chicken parmigiana. They also have a nice chopped salad. Plus free Breadworks rolls make everything better, right?I don't see it changing its ways anytime soon as the business travel through the place keeps it pretty steady. Why change what's no broken is probably what they're thinking, however, I really thinking the outdated decorations could really go. But if the boss man is paying, why am I complaining?
5	I'm not sure why this place isn't getting better reviews! I've been here twice over the last couple months (including yesterday)  and have been very happy each time I've gone.Caffe Amante is located on the second floor (food court) level of Fifth Avenue Place, the home of HighMark Blue Cross Blue Shield.Amongst most of the mediocre chain food that's served on the same floor, it stands out as basically the only(or one of a few) sit down places available.  Both times the service was right on point.  Quick, efficient, despite being busy, friendly, wait-until-I-finish-my-sentence-sensitive, good recommendations on food.  Corrected themselves when they were wrong in what they told me previously and so on.The two dishes I've had are:Special Salmon and jumbo lump crab meat.  It was expertly cooked, great flavors, good portion size, and overall just a winning dish.Di Mare Amante which is a dish with shrimp, scallops, in a white clam sauce with capellini noodles.  Their menu spells it with two p's: cappellini.Both were great and I'd have them again.You know, part of my review and rating is based on exactly what this place is: a more upscale place for the mostly business clientele bringing their customers out for a conveniently located lunch. In a restaurant that is more or less in a food court. Being surrounded chinese joints, mexican burrito places, and the philly cheese steak place.While I think it would be a solid bet for dinner as well --- that's not how I see this place positioned. I wouldn't take a date here Friday or Saturday night. There are more exciting places offering more adventures fare.This is not your $8 lunch.... most things are priced $12-$16 which includes bread. Their prices well justified by the quality of the food.For lunch, I'd go back to this place in a heartbeat.
4	I went there after an interview with Highmark. I was satisfied. Nice atmosphere, may be a little pricey for a day to day lunch, but would be a nice treat to yourself every once and a while, My salad was what I expected, Fresh leafy greens and very good house dressing. My meal was enjoyable I got spicy beef dish and it came with potatoes. Dessert was very good. Overall, not a bad place, I would go back.
3	I have eaten in and had take out from Caffe Amante.  Both were pleasant experiences with decent food and service, but neither were anything that left me wanting to run back and eat there again.  The atmosphere is nice.  There are great window views downtown.  I imagine it would be a great place to people watch on Light Up Night or other downtown event evenings.  The decor overall is simple and not overly "Italian" like you see at many local Italian establishments.  There menu is not that extensive but does have a decent variety.  The sauces we tried were tasty as was the sausage.  Overall, if you are in the area and looking for something other than fast food, it is worth a visit, but it isn't someplace I will actively seek out again.
4	This is an oft-forgotten about gem, at least to me.  I have only been here for lunch, but it has always been a pleasant experience.  On a visit earlier this week, I was pleasantly surprised by the efficiency of the service.  They were certainly mindful that many people that dine there have a limited amount of time.  We were swiftly served our salads/soup (though the menu says that certain entrees come with a salad, they let me swap for soup).  The chicken pastina soup was not- not strongly flavored, but a pleasant comfort-food.  I had the Virginia Spots, which involved a nice sized portion of fish cooked nicely. It could have used some more sauce. For a side, I had mashed potatoes.  They were very good, but had an aftertaste all afternoon. I can't quite put my finger on what it was - garlic-like, but not garlic.  Prices are a bit high-ish, but not unreasonably so.  Overall a solid choice for a business lunch.
2	Fairly average Italian food other than the meatballs. Too many good Italian places in Pittsburgh to choose here. Interior could use an update. Beer selection below average and nothing special happening with speciality drinks.
2	The food quality doesn't match the place at all. I think it's ok for a pub but this place is supposed to be a nice place for professional lunches. I had the chicken flatbread and the chicken was more like subway chicken! With so many options around that area I won't pick this place for lunch.
