3	Vinny's is another must-do on the Huntridge area dive bar tour!  Ring the doorbell to get in, then sidle up to the bar or take a seat at one of 3 or 4 small tables.  If you are a fan of young, attractive, scantily clad women (and really, who isn't?) -- you're in luck! Vinny's touts their "bikini girls" (bartenders) as one of the main attractions. The drinks are fairly cheap and poured pretty strong.  They have karaoke on Friday and Saturday nights, with a fairly extensive if kinda random selection of songs.  It's not very large nor does it seem to get too crowded, so it's a great place to go with a group of friends who like to be the stars of the show.  It's practically like renting your own karaoke room!They also provide complimentary bar snacks if you need a nibble in between sets. The decor is hilarious, with life size cutouts of celebrities from Reagan to Dean Martin, and lots of mannequins (see photos).Great neighborhood place to have a drink.  Can get smoky.
5	Vinny's is excellent. They used to have a special where you get a beer and a donut for like $2 on weekdays. Also- the cutouts and mannequins are kinda freaky if you have a buzz on, or if you just came out of the sun and your eyes are adjusting. However, the thing that make's Vinny's most divey is the talent working behind the bar. The girls are great, although the last three times I went there the youngest one was like 45. Also- really shitty TV's. They're small and look like parking lot monitors. You won't find any tourists here.
4	Great local dive bar if you're up for just some plain ole weirdness. Always a pleasant friendly vibe. The mannequins are a trip.
4	Taken here by a lovely local gal as part of my "underbelly of Vegas" tour that she was providing. What the door is locked?...that's ok...you have to ring the doorbell to gain admittance. Once in and the full decor hits you, you realize that this is some sort of authentic experience. Odd groups of celebrity standee's cavorting in the corners. The staff is uber friendly and they pour their drinks pretty strong. Locals are fun and friendly...got sucked into a conversation about the economy that transformed into one about existentialism using a turkey wrap as an example.Wondering what the criteria is to refuse you entrance after you ring the bell? I feel like I just probably slid by...
2	There's dive, and then there's dump.  This one is the latter.  I wouldn't go back, but it was nice that they had TVs watching over the cars in the parking lot.
1	Unfortunately My Cousin Vinny has closed- the sign on the front states it is going to be a church (not kidding). Remodeling going on.
