3	Went here when I was in Kitchener, Ontario visiting an old buddy from back in the day. Food was decent, wings were breaded, not my preference. Hot though. Pricey for the quality, $15+ for a wings dinner in a little college town.
4	The wings here are of excellent quality. You have a choice of original (which I prefer) or breaded (which they tell me is the popular choice). There are plenty of flavours as well; dry rub, such as west coast, and your usual mild, medium, hot. Then there is sweet Thai. I just mentioned the ones I enjoyed. You can also ask for them sloppy.The Wings Up is expensive buy worth it for really great wings and courteous service.
1	i'm not sure if what i ordered is an indication of the entire menu, but the breaded hot wings were something i will be sure to avoid in the future. too much breading (which became really soggy) and a wing sauce that was less than desirable. for a place dedicated to serving wings, i had much higher expectations.
5	Okay, I haven't eaten here in about 2 years, but boy, do I miss those wings.Their medium sauce was perfect for me, didn't taste like the usualy "Franks Red Hot" but had a tangy-ness to it and it was hot, but not too hot that I couldn't eat them. Yum! I always ordered mine breaded and extra sloppy. I love the veggies and ranch they would give.They are a bit pricey but trust me, it's worth it!
4	Love the wings - tried several of the hotter flavors.
1	Wow what an awful experience I've had originally at the Kitchener location and then trying to let the management of WingsUp! Know took 3 months !!!Here's my original posting:The food is amazing ! Have had wings up! In many locations....However This Kitchener location has the absolute worst customer service ever ! The guy who answers the phone (manager / owner ) is a jerk and has no ability to explain or even be polite. ----I then called the head office and left msgs for managers. Also emailed the website. It was returned stating the email address box was FULL!! Then I started letting people know on the Facebook group and Sharon ( who works in the social media field for WingsUp  .... Wouldn't have guessed thou ) asked me to resend the email I originally sent.  ... So I did....And didn't hear anything again. No reply what so ever. ... 3 months later ...I asked her again and she had "misplaced the email and I should send it again "!I was shocked. I explained the situation again and asked her what has or would be done to see better cx service at the Kitchener location .... And she didn't reply, would hide my posts, then ask the sameQuestions again.  This process was repeated for a few weeks. After a few weeks of "checking in" she states the manager was talked to and the issue was resolved.  I thought the cx service in the store was bad, but it seems the whole company may be too busy talking about "wing deals " and not making sure the cx service is up to par. Avoid the Kitchener location at all costs !Update:Robert. I sent you a MSG online but no reply. Plz put your email up and ill pm your email address to resolve this ongoing issue. Any new updates ? My friends accidentally went to the Kitchener location a week or so ago.  No changes yet from what I was told.  Rude manager, etc
1	Hey Robert.   Sent you some info online after searching for your contact. No reply. Put your email up and I'll email you. ThanksCraig
