5	My 66 year old dad was recently towing a Mustang from Los Angeles out to Vegas on a flatbed trailer when one of the tires flew off on the 15 freeway.  (Not just a flat.  It honestly FLEW OFF!  Luckily no one was hurt as it catapulted into the desert...)  Literally stranded on the side of the highway and in desperate need of a trailer place that could also repair it on the spot, he called me up and I set to frantically searching yelp and google.  Came upon a great trailer parts place and they advised that he was just a few miles from A-1 where they had a garage that could handle the repair.  I called A1 and they were super helpful and assured me that yes, they could fix the problem in top speed and had whatever part was needed.  My dad was able to limp along with his hazards flashing and pulled into their driveway.  When the guy who answered said they'd be ready, he meant it!  My dad pulled into the back and within 5 minutes there was already a mechanic fixing the problem.  All in all, my dad was out of there in less than an hour and didn't have to wait a single, unnecessary minute.  As he'd planned, he was able to make the drive back that same night.  Absolutely no reason to go anywhere else -- these guys were awesome and affordable.  THANK YOU A-1!
5	We are moving across the country, from California to Pennsylvania for the holidays, then down to Georgia to our next duty station. Our first night was in Las Vegas. We only intended to stay the night and get up bright and early to get back on the road the next morning. We got up bright and early, but it turned out that someone had shattered the back window of the cap and stolen a lot of our things from the bed of the truck. (For future reference, make sure your hotel has security cameras in the parking lot!) Anyway, we had called 4 or 5 places to ask about replacing the window, because we needed it to keep what belongings the thieves left us from blowing out of the bed (and to be able to secure it for the rest of the trip). Each time, the businesses couldn't help us, and when we asked if they knew where we could go to, the answer was always, "No." So, I went to google, and A-1 Trailer & Truck Accessories was the first to pop up. I gave my husband the number. When he called, Ryan answered, and was more helpful than we could have hoped. He asked about the model of the cap and told us to come on down so they could take a look at it, that maybe they could use a window from another cap they had on hand to replace our shattered one. He was so nice to us, and I don't know if he knew how much it meant to us, just the simple fact that he was so nice after what had happened. As soon as we got there, Ryan came outside to greet us - we didn't even have to go inside. He said they had the part and it would be about and hour or so, and offered to let us sit inside the shop (because it was bitter cold) and pointed out a coffee shop on the next block. They had it done in 45 minutes, and it's better than it was before. If you're in Las Vegas and you run into a bind, find these guys. Seriously.
5	I'm so happy I found these guys to help me! I received excellent customer service and Brian was so helpful and explained everything I needed to know.  I got my new hitch installed and they ordered and installed it when they said they would.  I also appreciate the above and beyond service of giving me a ride home.  Brian also suggested I get my trailer bearings and underside checked before I hit the road and that was an excellent suggestion.  I will be back again!  carrie
5	We had an issue on the Friday of Memorial Day weekend with a tire on our trailer that was currently hauling our boat to Lake Mead for the weekend.  We called A-1 and they were able to walk us through what we needed to do to get ourselves safely to their shop.  Once we arrived, two mechanics hopped to assessing and jacking up the trailer.  Within one hour, we were back on the road.  The staff was so amazing and super friendly.  I cannot thank them enough for keeping our weekend on track.THANK YOU A-1 TEAM!!!!!!!!!!!!  Your name says it all.
