4	I hate Bi Lo! I love Harris Teeter! This isn't my favorite one because it's a little dated and the salad bar is just meh, but the service as usual is good and they have a huge variety of foods. Tip: They have a salad bar and deli, it's not that good but it sure beats Bi-Lo.
4	On a recent trip to Charlotte, I was reminded of one of my favorite grocery stores in the South: Harris Teeter.  There's one on almost every corner - it's crazy!  But HT in Ballantyne came in handy  - we made several trips to this location during out five day visit.  Here's what we purchased:-Produce: It's plentiful and beautiful... not a bad apple in the bunch we brought home, and sweet strawberries, fresh asparagus, ripe mango, lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, and more...-Dairy: feta cheese and milk -Protein: Hebrew National Salami and a huge pack of skinless, boneless, chicken breasts -Herbs and Spices: nutmeg, ginger, garlic, and more... -Frozen fun stuff: pie crusts and ice cream - we found the flavors and brands we were looking for-Packaged goods: cereal, pancake mix, tortilla chips, canned tomato, pepperoncini peppers, and I'm sure a handful of other things I'm forgetting at the moment.Bottom line: Harris Teeter is a pleasure to shop at no matter what you're "in the market" for - quite literally!  Happy shopping!
4	Hello Friends!!!!When checking into HT yesterday I was shocked to see "This is your 1st check-in....." Whatttttt!!!????? If I don't want to make a trip to "The Lo" (Bi-Lo) I'll shoot for this spot. Here's why:Seafood (I'm on a serious seafood kick for the last month) Produce -  Pretty good, and clean, not bruisedas my Yelp "tip" states... they NOW sale OMB!!They are under "reconstruction" right now. Instead of 2 entrances they now only have one. The check out isles have moved and  to the far far right (when entering) looks likes where they started the new reconstruction. Other than that non-setback. Its "The Teeter" I found Amore  Tomato, Anchovy paste, & Pesto paste 3.49 - 4.59!!Double Coupons!!!!
1	I'll give this HT one star, but honestly...not even worth that. After months of construction and inconvenience, they still don't have their act together. It's Saturday morning and there are only two checkouts open. Really? Self checkout registers are rarely open; floor is half installed (tripped on this twice); merchandise mell pell all over the store blocking aisles...even though I live a block from this HT, I'll go the few extra miles to Southpark.  Steer clear of this HT until they get it together - and oh joy...a McDonald's is going in the parking lot...there goes the neighborhood!!
4	Hello Friends!!This "Teeter" looks & feels great. They have done a lot of remodeling. Check out the Hand made Pizza station.
4	I've yet to find a Teeter in the Charlotte area that isn't top notch. This one is clean and bright and well stocked. Shopping cart was perfect and my cashier was super friendly. Great frozen section.
4	Great staff, very attentive Clean and organized.
3	It's a really nice Teeter I will say it always seems to be under stocked whenever I go there. But that could be just the day I go is before there truck is in. Staff is friendly and the place is kept clean!
3	My husband and I went grocery shopping here on a  Monday evening... bad idea. The shelves were almost bare and what was left was a mess and disorganized. This is unusual for this store, which I usually shop at. Positive for this trip was as usual the salad bar and the tomato bisque soup. A must try!
4	This is my new favorite HT. It's almost always crowded, but it's worth it!The selection is better than most HTs, and the prices are even better. How the price can be different one HT 3 miles away from another HT is beyond me, but I've definitely noticed. Other differences are that this location seems to be better lit than some of the others, and everything looks bright and clean. Who doesn't love shiny??The HT in Matthews has a better local produce selection, but higher prices on everything else.  You can't win them all, I suppose.
5	Favorite middle of the line grocery store - always well stocked with groceries and all full staff to assist!  Produce is fresh Meats and seafood are reasonable and butcher will accommodate any portion request ! Hot food bar and fresh flowers are just several of the reasons I love My Harris Teeter
