5	I absolutely love this dental office! I am one of those people who have a phobia of the dentist and only went when there was some sort of pain prompting me to need to go. I would get extreme anxiety and overall panic. Dr. Curry and his staff, at Sienna Springs Dental, have entirely changed that. The dental assistant is awesome. I advised her that I am one of those frantic dental patients. She explains to me step-by-step what will happen and how it will feel. She stops, looks at me and runs down the process. I appreciate that she explains while I don't have dental gear in my mouth. LOL I can ask questions and reply to questions, if needed. That alone helps greatly to put me at ease. The Hygienist is the same. Explains everything before she does it. Explains in great detail what treatments are suggested and how they are performed. The entire staff is awesome. From the Dental-Biller, to the Receptionist, Hygienist and Dental Assistant. Dr. Curry, the Dentist, is awesome! He is gentle on your gums and teeth while he is doing what needs to be done on your teeth. He too explains what he will be doing and why it is needed. He answers all of my questions and concerns, every time I need something answered and regardless of how long it takes. I am a 35-year-old woman and I have scheduled for my wisdom teeth to be pulled out 3 different times since I was 25. Canceling each appointment as the anxiety and knowing the dentist wasn't going to be understanding of said anxiety. Dr. Curry was not like that and did finally pull my wisdom teeth. The reason, I think, is that he genuinely cares about his patients and I can tell he is true in his concern for the health of my teeth. Lastly, I had gone to a dentist who stated that I had thousands of dollars worth of treatment that needed to be done to my teeth. Several treatments and several stages to the treatments. I was so overwhelmingly devastated that I had let my teeth get that bad. So I waited a few weeks and then saw Dr. Curry for another opinion... not telling him that I had seen this other dentist who stated I needed all this work. Dr. Curry and his Hygienist suggested less invasive procedures and less expensive as well. My teeth are so healthy now and I go regularly for my cleanings and checkups. I can't tell you how much I appreciate this office! From me to go from phobic to loving the dentist says so much! I hope this long review helped some of you out!
5	Dr. Curry and ALL of his staff have been, from day one, professional, kind and quality driven!!  I ALWAYS LOVE going to the dentist because Dr. Curry and his staff make it so EASY and are so personable!  I have referred friend after friend to Dr. Curry!  I cannot speak more highly of a dentist!!
5	I love Sienna Springs Dental! The staff are super friendly - Dr.Curry is awesome at what he does, and the technology used in the office makes it super easy for patients to get the treatment they need! Just today Dr.Curry was able to make me a permanent crown right there in his office with his 3D imaging software so that I wouldn't have to deal with the hassle of a temp crown. I highly recommend Sienna Springs Dental - I have been going there for 7 years now and have been super happy with all of the work they've done on my teeth (2 crowns, multiple fillings, retainers, cleanings, etc).
