5	I'm a frequent patient here and I absolutely love my Dentist. The environment in this place makes me feel at home, and makes me look forward to my dentist appointments. I see Dr. Tomita, and he consults me on work I need to get done with my wallet in mind. He puts the work needed asap at the top of the list and keeps in mind that I don't have a lot of money to be getting every oral surgery done under the sun. So they do work with my financial needs. If you ever need a root canal done, they will refer you or send you across the Hall to Dr. Kajioka's office, he is also from Hawaii. Booking appointments is a no hassle but sometimes his schedule might be full (but that's a good thing right?) I give this place two thumbs up!!!
5	This dentist office is amazing. The staff is beyond friendly. It's like visiting an old friend you haven't seen In a while.
5	This dentist office is beautiful.  Everything is clean, modern, and new.  It sort of looks like a spa.  The couple of visits I've had went very smoothly.  No waiting and everyone was very courteous.  I saw Dr. Askew and he was very nice and did not push me to get expensive procedures I didn't really need.  His hygienist/ assistant was also very friendly and put me at ease right away.  I would highly recommend this office.
5	I called at 8:30am on a Friday morning (they're only open until 1pm on Friday's) in excruciating pain, they got me in at 10am.I saw Dr. Askew on an emergency basis and he was great, as was everyone in the office.  The office is gorgeous. Clean, beautiful LARGE fish tank with some really cool looking fish in it, plenty of room in the waiting area.  All of the rooms are named after a different Hawaiian island and contain a TV (they even let you pick what you want to watch).The girl at the front desk was very polite and friendly. There was a small problem with my insurance and she took the time to explain exactly what it was, then offered different solutions to get around the issue (it was worked out).The hygienist, unfortunately I can't remember her name, was great too. She was very talkative and made me feel at ease.Dr. Askew was also very personable. I hadn't been to a dentist in three years, but he definitely made me comfortable.  He also went out of his way to explain exactly what was wrong with the problem tooth, how it happened, and the steps to fix it.I'll definitely be back to this place for my normal check up soon. I highly recommend it.
5	I'm not a fan of the dentist and it takes a lot for me to even go to the dentist. I prefer to go to dentists who will knock me out for a procedure. These dentists don't do that, but luckily I haven't had anything major required yet.  I thought my dentist (Tomita) was fantastic and attentive. Everyone was friendly and I'll definitely come back here.
5	All I can even say is Dr. Askew is gentle and I was seen right at the time of my appointment with out having to wait like most offices. I left feeling relieved and wondering why I was so nervous in the first place.
5	This is the third time I have been to Island Dental and its been a pleasure each time.  I arrived 20 minutes early to my appointment and I was taken back after only 5 minutes waiting in the lobby.The dental hygienist was very friendly and professional, did a good job of cleaning my teeth without making it hurt at all and the place was spotless (as I expect any medical place to be).  After we were finished, he even scheduled my next appointment right there.  He walked me to the front, said thank you and goodbye and the receptionist double checked the appointment was made for next time, printed out a receipt and off I went.  I was in and out in less than 30 minutes.  Highly recommend this dentist!!
5	Great friendly staff!! Clean teeth and no cavities.... Great exam and cleaning. Thanks.
5	My overall experience with Island Dental is A-Plus all around. I called early Tuesday morning with an emergency and Tosha got me in just after lunch. Kerry, who took my x-rays was friendly and professional, putting me at ease despite the pain I was in. Dr. Tomita came in and called me by my first name, I always like and appreciate that because it takes on a more personal feeling between a doctor and a patient. Dr. Tomita was honest and very candid about my options - he's a very empathetic dentist and for me that is so important because I have a bad dental history, he put me at ease immediately and referred me to the oral surgeon he's sent patients to for fifteen years because he specializes in what I need. It's obvious that Dr. Tomita puts the health of his patients at the top of the priority list, and his office is extremely clean and welcoming. I will return to Island Dental for any future work I need, and I'll recommend them to anyone who's in need of a quality dentist.
5	I'm sure I'm not alone when I say I don't like the dentist.  Let me assure you this office is truly amazing.  They make every effort to make sure you are comfortable.  The entire staff is friendly and happy!  I can't imagine going to another office.
5	What a bunch of professional and happy people. Very attentive and helpful crew. Very pleased with this office
