3	Sushi is decent but rest of the food is so so.
4	Great little sushi place in Chandler. This was my first time here so I can't give it 5 stars just yet, I want to see consistency. Yes, I will go back. I didn't have a bad or even so-so piece of sushi. I had the salmon, ahi tuna, albacore, yellowtail, scallops, and eel (like to keep it simple the first time). Had some rolls (50% of Tuesday) pretty standard. The spicy rolls were not overwhelming with spicy sauce as if they were trying to cover up an inferior fish like I have seen done before at other places. Small selection of sake, I have come to expect very little of the sake society in Arizona. Over all good experience, I would recommend, and I will return soon.
5	I was told to try this place out by a Sushi chef for a fine dining Scottsdale place. He said it was the best sushi in the valley. After my first visit I was happily able to agree. I go there every week now and I am completely addicted to the Candy Cane roll! It is fantastic fresh and affordable sushi. They have wonderful specials every day and their desserts are delicious!!! I can't recommend this place enough!!!!
4	This is a very nice and cozy sushi place. I really like the 1/2 price tuesday sushi specials, I hope they continue to do that. I eat at Taiko on a regular basis.
5	Taiko has the best authentic Japanese food around!  Maggie and Toshi are super nice and their staff is amazing.  Then there's the food...Toshi is a master, making all of his own sauces and creating many of the sushi choices himself.  Being Japanese, my first measure of the quality of sushi is to try miguro and himachi and Taiko always exceeds my expectations.  I also recommend the baked scallops, catepillar roll and if you like a little spice, try the candy cane sushi, my personal favorite.  The quality of food they use is impressive here in the desert.  My family and I go there every chance we get...every birthday, every holiday, every chance.    I highly recommend this restaurant!!!
5	Excellent little known place. We love the sushi here. We almost want to give Taiko a 1 star review to keep the sushi all to ourselves. But Taiko is worthy of the 5 star review.
5	We love Taiko!  Maggie and Toshi are wonderful, and the sushi is absolutely top notch.  We love the Arizona Roll and the Hot & Happy Roll.  Stop in and see them - you won't be sorry!
5	This place is awesome.  It's owner-operated and the owners and their staff are friendly and remember us every time we go.  The food is EXCELLENT.  The fish is always very fresh and beautifully prepared.  I usually stay very far away from the specialty rolls at places, but theirs are really cool and very tasty.  They have a specialty roll w/ crayfish (Louisiana Roll I think) that's totally different than any other roll I've had.  They have different specials every night(1/2 rolls, 1/2 apps, etc) so try going different nights of the week to see what's up.Also they have GREAT non-sushi Japanese food, it's worth a try.  I had a bento style meal w/ cooked mackerel that was very tasty.  My wife and I go here often and plan on continuing to do so.
5	I love this small mom and pop restaurant owned by actual Japanese! Right when you enter the place they have a glass encased display of a lot of their dishes just like they have in Japan. There are a lot of traditional Japanese dishes here in addition to sushi. They have very cool specials everyday and they are listed on their website. We went on a Sunday which is 50% off selected appetizers and sushi roll deals. There were a lot of appetizers to choose from for the special and we got the fried baby calamari on salad with spicy ponzu dressing ($3)and it was soooo good! We also got seaweed salad which was good and only $2.25! I got the combination dinner which included shrimp &veggie tempura and sashimi and it was all excellent and the fish was so fresh and melted in my mouth. My hubby got the Chirashi bowl and he loved it so much he ate the entire thing (big bowl).  We will totally return since it's in our neighborhood and they have a lot of different dishes to return for, including ramen!
3	When my hubby and I arrived at the restaurant, it had just opened and there were only two of us dining inside. I tried uni, scallop, giant clam and toro sushi. I think uni and scallop were fresh, but I don't know why the sea urchin was really cold (put in the fridge for too long?), the rice and laver weren't very good, while the toro was full of tendon, and the giant clam had a bit of weird water taste. I would expect better quality because they only had to serve two customers at that time.We also ordered ramen but I think the miso ramen was too salty, and the noodles a bit hard (of course shouldn't be too tender). The shouyu one was better. The waitress was nice though.I guess I'm just not a fan of Taiko. A bit disappointed after reading the raves from Yelp. This is the first time we went there but probably won't go again. For this price, I'd choose to go somewhere else.
3	This small place is decent for sushi in the desert.  Service was excellent.  Moochi (vanilla) was fab, tootsie roll good, hot and happy roll good.  What made it a deal was the tuesday 50% off.  Miso no tofu. We will return to try the ramen and for a tuesday sushi deal.
4	My wife and I have been there twice in the last two weeks.  Four times all together but the first two times over a year or so ago.  We were disappointed the second time we went when the Owner's wife charged us full price even though that day we went,  they had some promotional discounts and pricing on the meals we ordered.  At that time, they did not have the promos and specials listed on table placards like they do now.  So we felt that we were sort of "cheated", when we discovered this after the fact.But then we decided to go again and give them another chance.  While their food is not the greatest and their sushi is nothing special, their pricing is fair (not low, but fair) and the food quality and quantity is acceptable.  But the thing we like is that they will accomodate special orders for things that they may have in their food/goods inventory, but are not on the menu.  My wife and I normally ask for a couple of special things that we really like but are not on traditional menus.  We appreciate the fact that they will accomodate us and do not charge us an arm and a leg for these special orders.Also, my wife and I are big eaters and also eat the "good stuff".  So for the two of us, our bill at lunch is normally like $80 and dinner is in excess of $100.  We order stuff like toro sashimi, tempura fresh oysters, and giant shrimp tempura with tempura chiso.  The reason why I mention this is that while maybe we should not expect anything, you would think that for marketing purposes, they would try to remember their "good customers" and give us something small gratis -- like a small appetizer or maybe a small dessert.
2	Bright Pink Ginger is all I need to say to describe this place.  The rest of the experience was similar.  Food was blah, I was disappointed with one roll in particular because the soft shell crab was obviously not freshly fried, or even reheated.  It was cold, limp, and soggy.  The rest of the food experience was average.  Service at the bar was good.  Too many other better sushi joints closer to my house for me to go back.Bright pink ginger and best sushi in the valley are mutually exclusive.
1	Overdue review...Upset! They would have received a higher rate but they've greatly dissapointed me. We went in for Mother's day and was rudely told  to leave because they only allow those who have made reservations ahead of time. My family has been going to their restaurant for quite awhile but to be treated that way was unacceptable. They should have put a sign up or even just explain it nicely to us would have worked.Bottom line! Will not be going back...POOR customer service.
2	Read some of the reviews on here and thought I'd check it out. Small, cozy place-rather inviting. The food was very American- a lot of deep fried and heavy butter dishes. Edamame was soggy, squid salad was deep fried and everything else was average at best. The service was good and everyone was very nice..... I won't go back.  If you like American-ized sushi, you might like it and it's very inexpensive.
4	Really Great food! Really nice staff and very clean environment. I felt that the location was perfect for people who are not interested in large crowds and want fast efficient service.
5	Great authentic Japanese restaurant. Everything taste great and all freshly cook/served. Toshi the owner has a great personality. The dishes he made simply representing his way of treating life - carefully designed and enjoy it to the fullest. We started visiting Maggie and Toshi's little restaurant 3 or 4 years ago and we never stop going back since then. My friends like them, my wife and my daughter like them and of course, i like them very very much! If you are looking for authentic Japenese cuisine here in the Sun Valley, you have to come and try out Toshi's.
5	The east valley really lacks in decent sushi. You have your chains, like RA and Kona, but you might as well buy pre-packaged sushi from the grocery store. So when my friend suggested going to Taiko, I was eager to try it out. Local Mom and Pop Japanese restaurant! I'm in!It's a tiny place, and I was hoping it would be a bit busier for lunch, just because the rest of the shopping center is deserted for the most part. At least we could sit down right away and get started eating! All of their rolls are reasonably priced, as well as their lunch combos. I had the salmon teriyaki combo along with a spicy salmon roll. It was excellent- such a treat getting fresh food! The vegetable tempura wasn't overly greasy.The miso was a little on the salty side, but I can forgive since it was all so wonderful. Service was prompt (well it wasn't busy) and very friendly. She even gave the 4 of us separate checks, no questions asked! I will go here for sushi from now on. They also have a sake tasting every month.... oh yeah, I'll be back.
5	I was here 4 years ago and came back yesterday, still amazing.  Maggie is wonderful, food is authenic.  Love this place, will return for sure.
4	Finally tried Taiko for dinner for daughter's birthday last week. I prefer lunch time, simply because it's not as busy! It was nice to know that they do get business though, considering the shopping center is pretty much deserted. Had to wait a little longer, but the food was just as good and worth it. My husband, who is not sushi fan, didn't really like the chicken teriyaki. It comes with a salad, and the dressing on the salad mixed with the teriyaki sauce, which made it taste rather bad to him. I would suggest asking for separate plates should you order it. Other than that, I definitely will be back, over and over again!
5	One of the best Japanese restaurants in the East Valley!
5	These guys are amazing! Maggie and Toshi always treat us like family and the quality of sushi surpasses all!
4	A great sushi bar owned and operated by Maggie and Toshi who are both Japanese.  Their product is always consistent and they always have a few good specials.   Service is great and the staff is very friendly and cheerful.  Value is really good particularly within their happy hour menu.    Our kids love it and they are always spoiled rotten by Maggie and Toshi so it is their favorite place.    Lastly we did a sake tasting there a few weeks ago and really had a great time.  We all sat family style int he middle of the restaurant and got to experience some really interesting rice wines.  We had a blast.Great place
5	I have had nothing but fabulous visits to Taiko. Mind you, I'm not sushi expert (or any other type of food, except maybe pizza...) and have only given sushi a go rather recently, but I love coming here for din or a quick bite on the weekend. My first experience here was for a friend's bachelorette party dinner meet-up. I was wearing purple tights. Not relevant to the review, but I was excited about them that night. We had made a reservation for 12 at 8pm on a Friday night. We got there a little early (10 min) and the table wasn't set up. In fact, all of their tables were full and the waitress informed us we would have to wait a bit until people finished & left so they could make room for us. After a 20ish minute wait, we were seated. Considering how not-ready they were when we arrived, I was completely happy with how quickly we were seated, although some others in our party were complaining. I didn't know until we arrived, but a table of 12 fills up their entire little dining room. All that was left was the booths against the windows and the bar seating. Though, as much as we were in the middle of the room, it didn't feel uncomfortable. The place is cozy.The waitress was totally sweet to us and very apologetic about the table mishap at the beginning, which is really all you can ask. We got our table and our drinks quickly on a Friday night, so I was still impressed. She (the waitress whose name escapes me) was very knowledgeable on all their sake selections, and suggested a few good ones that we ordered for our table to sample. She also snapped a couple group pictures for us, and was very engaging to our big, loud group the whole time we were there.Since then, I have gone to Taiko with my boyfriend probably 4 or 5 times. We love their happy hour menu, which is all day, every day, and offers a limited but decent selection of discounted sushi rolls, appetizers and drinks. It should also be mentioned that every time I'm here, there are families with children who seem very excited to be eating at Taiko. Yay for cool restaurants that are kid friendly and don't serve happy meals. Last time we went was again on a Friday, just as they were getting busy. We sat at the bar, and were served by the owner Toshi. He's superb - while skillfully preparing the orders for the restaurant, he also chatted with us and continually got us drinks, more wasabi, etc. When we left, we were bid goodbye multiple times by the waitresses, and the people working behind the bar. I felt cool on the way out, like a regular. I almost popped my collar, but didn't.Probably should have.
5	I've been coming here for years, and still love it. Great reasonably priced and fresh sushi, awesome sake menu for those who appreciate a good Japanese sake with your meal. It's also a plus to see the owners every time I go to the place and they are always so friendly and welcoming. Tempura ice cream is delish.
5	My wife and I have been regulars since Taiko opened several years ago, but even if you've never visited before, Maggie, Toshi and their great staff will make you feel like regulars. The restaurant itself is clean and inviting, and Japanese pop music plays at a volume that permits normal conversation. If you sit at the bar, you can catch whatever game happens to be on that night, as well.What really makes the atmosphere, however, is the staff. Taiko's waitresses are attentive and friendly and the restaurant enjoys minimal turnover which means they get to know their customers. Maggie is always on the floor making sure guests are having a great experience. Taiko's nigiri and sashimi are as fresh and delicious as any we had growing up in Florida. They have all the "standards," but what really sets Taiko apart is the fact that there is almost always something you won't find everywhere else; it might be Spanish mackerel, bluefin, oysters on the half shell, or something else, but you can always count on finding a special treat on any given night.Taiko has happy hour specials on appetizers (and beer) all week. The spicy squid salad and agadeshi tofu are both excellent, and a big bottle of ice-cold Koshihikari Echigo is a great way to wash down dinner. Oh, and the ginger squid will make your head spin.They have a number of rolls, both traditional norimaki and the inside-out rolls preferred by most Americans. If a roll developed for Western palates in the 1970's is what you consider "traditional," you might be disappointed to find that some of the different iterations of the California roll served at Taiko (and any other US sushi bar) are, in fact, drizzled with a little eel sauce. However, Maggie will gladly provide the uninitiated with a book of pictures; if you don't like eel sauce, just peek at the photos and order without. If you want a great dressed up Cali roll, the Boston and Alaska rolls are both fantastic, as is the candy cane roll with its garnish of fresh tomatoes and green onions. For a special treat, order the tootsie roll, full of tender tempura shrimp, but don't let the deliciously crispy tails go to waste.Many of Taiko's best dishes aren't on the menu or specials board at all. Visit a few times and demonstrate an interest in eating "off the beaten path," and Maggie will suggest something spectacular while sheepishly suggesting you might not like it because "only Japanese usually order this..." The yellowtail collar is one such dish and shouldn't be missed.Taiko also serves tempura and teriyaki disheses, as well as some noodle dishes I'm told you can't find with any consistency in Japanese restaurants in the US, but we come for the sushi. Their beer and sake offerings are above average to excellent, and they are priced very reasonably. If you visit in the summer, be sure to order a glass of iced barley tea for something different.In addition to being a skilled sushi chef, Toshi is also classically trained in French techniques and regularly produces specials that will rival any Pacific Rim fusion restaurant for quality and creativity. Even if there's not a special app or entree on the menu, diners are regularly treated to some homemade fresh fruit ice cream, flan, or another sweet bite after their meal.Taiko also offers traditional dining experiences of Kaiseki and Shabu-Shabu, along with special sake tasting events, during some parts of the year. These special events are typically by reservation only. If you have any doubt about how traditional Taiko is, you only need to drop in for sushi when they're having one of these special events; you'll wonder if you haven't been transported across the Pacific--if you can get a table among all the happy Japanese transplants!Overall, Taiko is a great place. Their sushi is consistently excellent, and you'll feel as though you're a welcome dinner guest at your Japanese friends' place. If you're not driving to Taiko when you go out for sushi in the Southeast Valley, you're just wasting gas.
5	We knew Maggie and Toshi since they were still in running a restaurant in CA. We knew them for great food and great service. And when we got a chance to visit AZ, we made a special trip to visit their restaurant, and they are still pretty much the same. Serving good food! We enjoyed their sushi creations as well as their other dishes (Toshi's japanese curry is my husband's fav dishes). They have more sushi than before, and it seems 1 week is hardly enough time to try everything on the menu. I wish I can pack some and bring it to CA. Anyway, we recommend this restaurant for people that simply want to get a good Japanese food!
4	Good variety on the menu.  All types of yummy Japanese food like sushi, ramen, udon, and katsu curry.  Very nice people own the restaurant and the service is good.  It's nice to go to a more traditional Japanese restaurant with more than sushi/sashimi and teriyaki chicken on the menu.
5	This is a review I've been meaning to write for a while, because I LOVE this place.  My wife and I live within walking distance from ASU campus in Tempe...not exactly limited in sushi options.  So why do we drive 30 minutes to Chandler to get our sushi?  Three things make Taiko our hands-down choice, over 4 places that we can walk to easily and countless others in the Valley.First is the quality of the food, in particular the quality of the fish.  They have a ton of fancy rolls, but if you know your sushi and want to be blown away, order something very simple first...say, a salmon nigiri.  The freshness of the ingredients and skill in preparation are really exceptional.  Even the miso soup is the best I've had, and if you want to treat yourself, try a Taiko Roll next...a real feast for all the senses!  Oh...and DON'T forget the sake!  They have a really great selection, and are knowledgeable enough to make some great recommendations.So, speaking of the people...that's the second reason that I'm disappointed if I go elsewhere.  Maggie and Toshi are such wonderful people - friendly, genuine, hard-working, and they LOVE what they do.  After three visits, Maggie was already our stand-in mom...I don't know of anywhere else where I get a hug as I come in the door!  If you're a regular, they'll make food recommendations (even special off-menu items), and we always leave feeling like we've been visiting with family (the ones you like).  The staff are efficient and attentive, and I don't believe I've ever received an incorrect order.Finally (if you aren't already there enjoying a caterpillar roll by now), there are the special events.  Get on their e-mail list and like them on Facebook to get in on TONS of awesome special occasions, including all-you-can-eat parties, sake tastings (A REALLY FANTASTIC EVENING!!), and special seasonal meals.  Going there is always a blast, but being part of the selected crowd for a sake tasting is really a special experience!Taiko, we love you...I think it's about time to go back!
5	Delicious! A nice hole in the wall place with some of the best sushi I've had.
5	I went here this past weekend with a few of my friends. This place is awesome. The sushi is colorful, and there is a wide selection (they give you a picture book to flip through so you can really see what you're getting). The fish is fresh and the whole roll is flavorful. Their miso is well balanced and came out piping hot. I had a sukiyaki bowl. The meat was cooked well, but not dry. Everything was very moist and yummy. One of the best bowls I've ever had at a restaurant. My cousin had a katsu bowl. Also very moist and flavorful. She loved it. The prices are awesome. Esp. now that there is a non-stop happy hour. You can really get a lot of food for not a lot of price. The food tastes really good and the service isn't bad. It's worth driving out to Chandler to eat here. I really wish I lived closer so I could go here more often.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!I was introduced to Taiko by a friend. After hearing me say so many times how I had not found a good sushi place to eat like in CA, she said it was a must I go with her. My friend is a regular and they made no exception towards me the first time I went. I saw how the owners knew everyone name that came in :).Every time I have gone in since my initial visit  Toshi and Maggie great me by name, even if a couple of months have passed by. Every friend I have taken Taiko returns on their own. I feel like I'm family when I am there. The staff is so attentive and willing to answer any questions. Sushi is always FRESH (I have gone to restaurants where I've been given still frozen fish).  It is a must to have their Miso soup. Once you place your order it does not take more that 15 minutes before you are served. In my experience, they get to know and remember what you order and make recommendations according to that. Their Happy Hour is amazing and full of different selections to make and inexpensive. I always leave there feeling like I ate at a family/friends house.
5	This place is PHENOMENAL! A friend and I were looking for a Sushi spot out of the norm (ie. Ra, Kona, Kabuki, ect). We saw Taiko on Yelp and saw all the positive reviews and star ratings so we figured we'd try it out. Doesn't look like much from the outside but upon walking in you can feel the family owned nature of it. It is extremely authentic and absolutely delicious. Prompt service met with kind staff. We ordered the Vegas Rolls and the Tootsie Rolls. Both were phenomenal. We also ordered the plum wine and that was nothing short of amazing. To end we had the green tea and red bean ice cream. By far, the best ice cream we've ever had in our lives. We went on a Saturday night and noticed them putting a long table together with several bottles of saki on top. We then learned they have saki tastings for up to 18 people accompanied by a violin player. The staff had several usuals as we noticed they would call them by name as they entered.Wonderful place that we will definitely be visiting again very soon!
3	Things I love- family run and you can definitely feel it- there is a picture for almost everything on the sushi menu - there are a LOT of things on the menu - this place is cheap!- serviceThe food was decent. It was good for the price you pay. I will be back
5	Yummy food! Great all day happy hour and the service was great.
4	Had dinner w/ family last night.  Miso soup was very good.  The seaweed salad & the sushi rolls were very fresh & tasty.  Service was very friendly but a bit slow, because there was only 1 waitress.  She was running ragged serving all the tables.  I understand the reason for only 1 waitress.  Helped out by being patient. Definitely a recommend and will be back.  Will try other dishes next visit.:-)
4	Taiko has to be one of the best Japanese places I have been in the valley.  The menu has a lot more than just sushi.  Sushi is amazing and great, but there is a lot more variety to Japanese food than just sushi.  I got a chicken yakisoba which had a nice crisp sweet taste to it.  There were many variety of vegetables that brought a fresh taste to the yummy noodle dish.The owner and servers are very family friendly, as my friend knows them all very well.  I asked my friend why she would not take out if she came so often here and lived very close. She said part of the fun is hanging out with the people who work at the restaurant and getting some latest news from Japan.  That unique factor makes this an actual experience than just eating simple food on your plate.
4	A few comments from my table tonight:"The Gyoza is perfect""I can't believe I paid so much money at Benihana to be served by a hispanic chef and a caucasian waiter""I want to come back"The food was pretty good, I probably ate too much as the miserable sensation creeps in ... what I was seriously digging on?  The people.  I have a huge heart for Japan and it was really cool to see fresh young Japanese faces working, enjoying conversation with the locals.  I found myself thinking I wanted to be that person at the bar talking about whatever came up.  Maybe get in on a language lesson or two.  For me, it's about the culture - not just how a restaurant can thrill me with their menu - although, I am wondering when I can go back :)  One of the staff took the time to present my daughters with the most delicate cut carrot butterflies - I was so impressed.  I wish I could keep it forever!  Please give it a try!
4	I like this Japanese Restaurant, fancy and nice. My friend and I order a plate of sushi..I don't remember the name of it. But it was good. At first they forgot about my order, but they were very nice and said our order will be ready soon. They offered a mini dish with eel and this noodle thing I think because they missed my order. That was very considerate. It's a great place, I recommend others to go.
4	Great prices super nice staff happy hr all day
4	4.5 if I could....So its my birthday and my wife hunts down "Phoenix's Best Sushi" and comes up with this place near our home in Chandler.  Now I have friends just to the east of this intersection and I NEVER noticed this place before.  In an empty shopping center (basically) and very nondescript.So we walk in and I was like OK. Tiny place, limited seating and two steps you are at the sushi bar.  Ambiance I learned is not why you  go here.Sat down and learned its always HAPPY HOUR at Taiko.  So good priced rolls and Saki Bombers for $6.99.  Good deal.I had my two kids with me (along with my wife) and besides a Cali roll none of them are Sushi eaters.  My daughter LOVED the Miso Soup I tasted it and it was very good also. She also got the Chicken Katsu which was very good.My son raved about the Cali roll he took that down in about 3 minutes flat.  My wife went with the beef teryiaki and the meat was actually cooked medium rare.  I was shocked.  It was good and flavorful.  So that part was for the non-Japanese eaters you may have.I decided to have a feast.  I tried their Blue Fin Tuna, which was spectacular, had some great yellow tail, some of the freshest I have had since moving here.  Followed that up with my all time favorite sushi which is spicy scallops.  And they were spicy and tasty.  Loved them.  I also tried the Salmon Dynamite roll.  While something I may not order again, it was very good and had different flavor.  While eating my wife was reading review and said the fun is trying something new like Hamachi Kama.  Now this is one of my all time favorite dishes and asked for an order.  The watiress was like, you like Hamachi Kama and smiled?  Within a few minutes the owner brought it over with an even bigger smile.  It was great.Just a quick stepback, as we walked in my youngest said dad do you like your birthday restaurant.  I laughed and said yes.  Well a waitress must of heard that and after finishing dinner the owner proudly brought over a dessert proclaimed happy bday and on the house.  Very very nice touch.I will be back..again..and again...and again...Best Sushi I have found in the South Valley BY FAR!
5	Great neighborhood sushi place. We love the service of this family owned business. Try the Arizona Roll YUMMY!
4	Wifey and I went for dinner again last night.  We keep coming back to this place since they are consistent with their food -- pretty good; not outstanding but pretty good and fair prices.  Their "all day happy hour" menu is very limited, but there are some things on the menu that are OK.  And their sushi menu is limited but they have the "standard" stuff and it is pretty good too.  So all-in-all, my wife and I enjoy eating at this place.  As I have said before, my wife and I are big eaters and we order and drink a lot so we like places where we get what we paid for and the quality is decent.  At sushi places, our typical bill is over $80 and that is low by our old standards where our bill for two would average over $150.  But as we get older, we cannot eat as much as before and I cannot drink as much as before.My wife is a shrimp tempura freak and she says that this place has decent tempura.  Isn't it funny that most so-called Japanese restaurants don't know how to make good, flaky tempura?  And I like good, traditional sushi and izakaya food.  Last nite, they had a couple of things that I sometimes have difficulty finding -- they had aji (horse mackerel) and shishito (Japanese peppers) which I had them fry in tempura batter.And the large Japanese beers were $5 each, which is not necessarily cheap, but decently priced.  The best place for large Japanese beers are at Oriental Grill in Gilbert where the first beer is $5.75 and the second beer is $0.01.  I know these things because I like to drink Japanese beers when I eat sushi.  I don't do shochu anymore; I get too drunk.
5	We love this place.  Always greeted with a smile and welcome.  Great little family run restaurant.  We usually go on Tuesday night when they have a good selection of half price or discounted items.  They also have a Sunday All you can eat special.  The quality is always as good as the hospitality.
4	There are many good Sushi restaurants in the east Valley; however, what sets Taiko apart from the others is their noodles. Interestingly, you have to ask for the noodle menu. It isn't mentioned on their web-site nor did the waitress give us any indication that they had noodles until we asked. But once they realized we were there for real Japanese food; everything changed. Both the Ramen and Soba noodle dishes we tried were excellent. Once you try their noodles, you may say saronara to sushi rolls.
4	This place has an amazing menu. Lots of authentic Japanese dishes you can't easily find in other Japanese restaurants. You  can view some of their menu online. When you go into the restaurant there's a large wipe board with additional items and specials. They also have all day happy hour specials. The choices are a little overwhelming. Like someone else mentioned, their sushi selection is limited, but the selection they have is the more popular choices. Some of the shashimi was cut a little thick for my taste, but I suppose if you're paying that much you want more for your money. I'm just use to shashimi cut to a thickness where it just melts in your mouth. (No, not paper thin.) Service was great. Staff is friendly. Even the owner is greeting customers, and knew a number of customer's names.  Their green tea is actually green ( not yellow or brown) and authentic tasting. Pricing is in line with most other Japanese restaurants. The only sad thing is it's located in a shopping center that is mostly vacant, but they seem to have a good flow of customers.
5	Let me start off by saying I LOVE THIS PLACEWith the reasons why to follow....1. The Food is Awesome, I have not even got to try the regular menu items yet but mainly just the happy hour rolls as there are plenty to choose from 6 dollars and below.  I love me a good deal and this is definitely that. 6-8 rolls for under 6 dollars is amazing.  The crunch CA rolls philidelphia and spicy tuna for instance are not very big to where you are just thinking GEEZE Insanely good deal...But more like you get what you pay for and it is well worth it.  Once you get up to the 5/6 dollar rolls they get a little bigger. Next time I will have pics to show off the rolls. :)2.The SERVICE I cannot give enough stars for this. It is a family owned business and the owners are beyond amazing! Extremely considerate and will remember everyone's names the first time if you strike up a conversation.  The first time we went, Maggie let us know about sake tasting night that is once a month for $15 for 5 tickets to try different sakes with a on the house tostada for your arrival.  She let us know of a taxi service that is supposed to be  the owner of this Taxi line(VIP Taxi)  with coupons for using their service.  So the night of Sake tasting night 7/28/2012, we called VIP taxi and had to wait an hour and a half and the dispatcher made up excuses for why the taxi took so long( finding out that the drivers are never really given correct info just an idea of where these people could possibly be) anyways long story short, Maggie ended up giving us a ride home down the street from their restaurant because she felt bad that they werent pronto as she thought they would be since she knows the owner.  That is some GREAT service. I have found 2 businesses that I will be forever loyal too b/c of the owners. If you want good service come here! (or pittsburgh willys for sandwiches/perogies/ milkshakes and hot dogs) My boyfriend and I agreed that this is the last place that we will be going for sushi from now on. :)
4	You know what? This place was great. I had the S&M sushi and the everyone ate the rolls in a jiffy. Now for appetizers O suggest soft shell crab. The udon was good as well. The sake I tried was great as it had the right kick. For now this is the best authentic place in AZ. Must try.And of course the ladies were nice.
4	Taiko is a great place for sushi, and also some authentic Japanese home-style cooking. The cold noodle set is great during the summer. Very friendly, seldom need to wait to get a table. The fish is fresh, and there are different specials each night.
1	Not that great and expensive even for happy hour! Probably won't come here again.
3	It was good sushi, and  good service. Nothing stood out pretty average.
1	The calamari is bad. Over cooked and flavorless.  The sauce didn't help it. The sushi wasn't bad but didn't separate itself from the other places nearby and it was pricey. The worst part was the service. I might have given the place another try but they brought me the wrong sushi. It looked similar to what I ordered so I started to eat it. They then brought me what I ordered. I thought no big deal no way they will charge me for it. No, they told me because I started to eat it I should pay half price at least for it. The owner argued with me about it until I gave up. I just took the money out of the tip. Way to make a first impression. I will never go there again.
5	I don't know What Taiko's got But it plays with my emotions (and stomach)I want so much"Sake", I want to hold you nearWant the taste of sweet and tender sushi on....my tongueCan't stand the thought of it in somebody's mouthGot to have your taste, got to have it all....to myselfI say yeah..yeah....yeah yeahWant to go to Taiko's, Taiko's mmmmWant to go to Taiko's, Taiko's, Taiko RestaurantWant to go to Taiko's, Taiko's, Taiko Restaurant(Billy Ocean - Loverboy lyrics)Taiko is located off Cooper and Ray in South Chandler.  I love this mom and pop shop simply because I enjoy supporting our local businesses.  The also serve up some great food and fun.  At least once a month Taiko has a sake tasting gathering.  At happy hour prices and shots of exotic sake; what's not to like?  Maggie one of the owners travels to sake conventions and orders them from all over the country to get these delicate drinks.  For $15 a head, you'll get 5 shots of the Sake of your choice all laid out on the table.  They have everything from filtered sake, nonfiltered sake, canned sake, box sake, and sparkling sake.  What does that all mean?  I really don't know since I'm not a big sake connoisseur.  However, I do recommend you try it at least once to experience it.  Along with your sake tasting, Taiko offers happy hour dishes that are super affordable.  This doesn't mean their food quality sucks.  It means it's cheap and good!  This was the first place I ordered a fried fish head.   Yep, eyes and lip still attached.  Needless to say, I'm in love with this dish.  If you don't know the tenderest meat comes from the cheeks.  Also, I was a virgin to Uni until I came to Taiko.  My first taste of Uni, well let's just say it was like my first kiss; awkward!  Can't say I'm a big fan of Uni, but if you put it in a shot of sake and quail eggs - we're golden!  Yum!  As you can see I go for the exotic ingredients.Service here is tops.  Maggie and her staff is very friend and will treat you like family, literally.  Maggie is amazing since the time I first attended; she still remembers me by name and welcomes me!  During sake tastings they always have live entertainment.  Kevin one of the musical performers always brings along his violin or guitar to serenade you while you enjoy your sake and food.  Such an awesome atmosphere! - Enjoy!
4	Had a hankering for Japanese food and turned to yelp for some advice.  Good call on this place, friends!  We enjoyed a terrific lunch that included a little of everything - sushi, edamame, miso soup, teriyaki chicken, and salad.  Service was friendly and prices were very competitive.  I found a 20% off coupon on their website after the fact, so I'm looking forward to going back and enjoying another meal!
5	Incredibly good sushi and exceedingly warm and friendly atmosphere. We moved across the country and it had been about 3 years since we were here but when Maggie saw us she remembered us immediately and greeted us with genuine friendship. They've got some new rolls on the menu since our last visit so we tried a few we hadn't had before. Our new favorite is the S&M roll, not sure of the significance of the name, (there was no leather or straps involved) but it was fabulous!!
5	We walked in and as always, were greeted with a smile - the owner remembered us, and where we liked to sit at the sushi bar. We had the yellow tail sashimi, rainbow roll, spicy tuna roll, and AZ roll. Our fav sushi by far-  the sushi chefs are friendly and ask you with a smile if you are enjoying their beautiful sushi creations. At the advise of our wonderful waitress at the bar - we had the tempura ice cream which was a perfect way to finish our meal. The staff there always makes is feel welcome.  When we leave there, we always feel like they have made us a part of their family.  Wonderful experience as always - we will return soon - again and again!
2	Food was ok. I won't be back though.Service was good.Selection of sake was very....impressive!
4	Love the sushi at this place!  They have lots of creative choices.
5	SAKE bombs!  We went for the monthly sake tasting and had a blast!!! Had no idea there were so many flavors of sake. I had a strawberry, dry, hot, and sparkling and they were all wonderful.This place is AWESOME!!! They really have it all.... Great food, amazing service, phenomenal prices! You really can't go wrong. It's a family owned business and you can really feel it. They have some awesome specialty rolls and all your traditional sushi rolls as well. Oh and did I mention Happy Hour all day everyday!!
2	I recently started working in the S Chandler/Gilbert area and am looking for a great lunch spot.  I decided to try Taiko because their lunch combos look like a great deal and sadly I was disappointed.Currently the restaurant has happy hour specials all day long and now I am wishing I had gone that route.  I ordered the Chicken Karaange combo with a California Roll which came with Miso Soup, salad, steamed rice and "seasonal fruit" all for $8.50.  Other lunch combos are $10.99-$12.99 which isn't bad but is pricey for lunch.  The Miso soup and salad were great but the rest of my meal was disappointing.  The California roll was 4 small pieces, it was delicious but the portion was sad.  The Chicken Karaange was 5 pieces of chicken each around the size of a golf ball but when I bit into them they were mostly gristly dark meat.  The reason I wrote seasonal fruit with quotations around it is because the fruit I got on my plate was a quarter of an orange or basically a drink garnish.Overall I can usually get around 2 eats out of a lunch that promises all that food but I left with a stomach full of miso soup, salad and rice.I will definitely be back to try their happy hour specials but will cross this off as a lunch option.  My meal total with tax (no drink) and tip was $10 and was not worth it.
4	Great little place. Nice service and pretty acceptable prices. The teriyaki was a bit bland but made up for it with its perfect preparation on the cook. Sushi was good, they over cooked one of the rolls but where nice enough to take it off the bill. What made my meal was the S&M roll. That was scary good. One of the best rolls from here to Maryland. I will be back for that roll. I also got Salmon sashimi and was delighted to find how fresh and melt in your mouth it was. I will not be back for the teriyaki but I will be back for a lunch date or two.
3	It's just another Ok Sushi place.  The calamari that was fried was like rubber but the Tofu was amazing.  I will probably not return.
2	The sushi here is not the greatest. Not a very good selection and the rolls lacked in flavor. Definitely won't be going back.
4	Dont let the size of the restaurant fool you, the staff is always friendly and the sushi is expertly done.  I have never had something I did not like here.
4	This is the place to go for authentic Japanese; they even have a special Japanese-specific menu that's not normally given out that has a ton of good stuff on it.I've been here 3 or 4 times in the past month with my wife and the food is always excellent, and the staff always friendly.  Prices are reasonable.If you're looking for super-Americanized sushi they can make it but you'll be better off at Ra/Kona Grill or somewhere where the club music is blasting at eight million db.
3	It's a small hole in the wall place that my boyfriends co worker told him about. We went for his birthday dinner . The place is small with a few booths and tables but clean. The service was good and we didn't have to wait long to get our food. They have happy hour all day everyday so the price is pretty good. The food was good but not great. I really like the baked salmon and baked  scallops and the fried tofu appetizer. Do not get the fried calamari! No flavor and it just tasted like tempura batter
4	We were looking for sushi that isn't Ra or Blue Wasabi. Someplace that isn't the bar scene and has good sushi. We have been here 2 times now and have been very happy with the sushi. It isn't fancy or flashy but takes care of our craving for sushi. Very mom and pop feel and the employees are all very nice. Highly recommend for a stop for some sushi.
3	I wanted sushi AND happy hour one fine evening.. So of course I had to go to Yelp..My friend and I came here this past weekend. We ordered the Philly roll, Vegas roll, Avocado roll, & the spicy salmon dynamite. I liked the Spicy Salmon Dynamite. Everything else was mediocre, nothing special. We washed everything down with some Cabernet. The thing that did it for me was that they have happy hour all day everyday and they have very reasonable prices. Their drink specials are also really good and I heard they even have Sake tastings here. Not to mention it's like down the street from my house.If you go to their website they even have coupons where you can get 20% off your bill. (doesn't apply to hh though). It wasn't anything amazing but I'll definitely be back when I'm in the mood for some sushi and happy hour since we're neighbors. =)
5	So amazing. This place is extremely authentic, friendly, and great prices. Happy hour is great! We had three rolls, appetizers, and an entree for under $50. If you're in the area you need to come check this place out. The little Japanese lady is so cute and humbling.
5	The food is sooo good:) I love love the pork kasu don. The presentation isnt great but dont let the look deceive you!  The service is good too. Tbe girl was new and didn't know much of the menu but she did her best to find out and explain it to us. Im one happy customer:)
1	Taiko used to be soooo good! I would always come for their sushi and ramen. I was never sure of why their agedashi tofu sauce had so much cornstarch in it but because it tasted good, I just went with it.Unfortunately, my recent visit was horrible. The service was decent but the sushi and sashimi was absolutely DISGUSTING. I hope they were just having an off day because the fish tasted like it was just barely defrosted and had an awful gummy texture.For now, I'd recommend sticking with their kitchen items *shudders*.
5	Love this place!! Been here a few times, but it's hard to eat good food with the kids. Had to eat here for New Year's Eve. Husband left happy and full. The yellow tuna collar was so fresh and tasty, the fried soft shell crabs was nice and crunchy, and the teriyaki beef was delicious. Maggie was so nice that she appreciated us for waiting she gave our boys strawberry ice cream, which they ate till the bowl was spotless. We shall be back ^_^
4	This place is great! It is so quaint and homey, and that's one of the many reasons I love it.  They offer your traditional sushi rolls,  plus a few new and unique options.  Everything is fresh and delicious,  and I love that they use a light tempura batter.  Staff is SO nice,  and you can tell they genuinely care about their customers.  Can't wait to come back for their monthly sake tasting event.
4	I was in Chandler for work and wanted sushi for the 2nd night. You can also read my review of the other sushi place. Found this place that's close to my hotel. I went during a week night (Wed). When I went in, it was quite empty. The waitress greeted and seated me immediately. I had to say she had the best smile. It made you smile right back. I ordered some sushi and appetizer. The agedashi tofu was in a thick brown sauce. That's probably the worst of all the things I ordered. Not authentic at all. The calamari was good and the sushi was fresh and the rice portion and taste was also perfect. I even enjoyed the snow drop rolls. (I seldom order rolls). The waitress was very attentive and friendly. As the night went on, more people came in and the owner greeted all the regular patrons. You can tell this is a family business and you felt like you were eating at home. The teenage couple behind me was super cute. The guy was a first-timer to try sushi and the girl was trying to teach him everything!Overall, excellent experience. Very relaxing, great food, super friendly waitress with an awesome smile. I am still smiling now when I am writing this review. :D
3	I haven't been to Taiko for a while decided to stop by for dinner on a Saturday evening.  They  have all day happy hour on certain rolls but prices listed on the sushi menu were a bit confusing.  They have the regular price and hh price next to the selective rolls. If all day hh, why list the regular price?  It's probably listed so you know how much you are saving on a roll.  This might not be a place for you if you are expecting fresh fishes. Stick with the cooked sushi or fried rolls.  I had ordered the rainbow and Vegas rolls.  Vegas roll was loaded with too much sauce that made the roll soggy.  Rainbow was decent and pretty standard sushi. I am a huge fan of ramen.  I was extremely disappointed on their tonkotsu ramen.  It was one of the blandest broth ever.  You might be better off making it from an instead noodle packet.
3	Decent service. She was friendly but not above and beyond, just average. The food was good and prices were great! Only one small tv in the bar area though. The tootsie roll and las Vegas roll are super good! I wouldn't say it was the best sushi ever but prices were great and service wasn't bad that's why I gave it a 3 stars
3	I enjoyed our lunch here and will return. My sushi combo lunch meal was good and enjoyable. The fish was fresh. I didn't feel it was melt in your mouth eye-rolling fab, but it was solid, decent sushi. The tempura mixed veggies were a winner too. My husband ate some kind of freshwater eel rice bowl with an egg on top. Sounds interesting but it wasn't. He coupled this with a salad of spicy?? and that too was boring. The service was excellent and the restaurant busy with two groups descending at the same time. We will come back for some sushi and sake another time. Love the the mom and pop, neighborhood vibe.
3	I still kinda like this place, but they lost one star due to them taking beef off the menu.  Whoever heard of a Japanese restuarant with no beef teriyaki, or beef sukiyaki, or beef of any kind?  Kinda crazy if you ask me.
5	Definitely one of the best, if not best, sushi spots in the valley! Its a far drive for me, but well worth it to get authentic, good quality, tasty japanese food! I will definitely be back!
5	This is a local mom and pop restaurant. The owners are always working, and they are supper friendly. We normally order sushi but my son has ordered other stuff on their menu and it's always really good.
5	Great sushi place for all sort of groups. I usually hate sushi, friend recommended las vegas sushi, and it has converted me to the good side. Love the atmosphere in this place.
4	Good quality sushi.  Smaller portions, but they are nice and fresh.  I got my usual smoked salmon nigiri, and it was excellent.  The yellow tail was great.  Service was attentive. I would go back for sure!
4	We get the Philadelphia and crunchy California rolls mostly as they are reasonably priced. We have had the Boston and Las Vegas rolls as well.  You really cannot go wrong here, the happy hour prices are really great as well.Service is always on point and friendly.  The place is small and cozy.  It is a solid go to for us.
5	Taiko has been the place to go for me!  They have great service and take care of me all the time.  Variety of sake, and great place to drink.  I would recommend all my friend to come here.
5	Yummy! Great prices! Staff is very nice and welcoming! The owner remembers us when we come back each time:) love love love this place!
