4	Stopped into Toi, Moi et Cafe on a Friday night because we were early for our dinner reservations. I had heard they have the best coffee in town. Unfortunately, i am not a coffee drinker and it actually HURT that i couldn't order an "Honore de Balzac" brew.The lights were just the right soft-yellow. The wait staff was friendly, helpful and bilingual. I HATE when a waitress gets all flabberghasted when i ask "what would you recommend with that?" Rather, she gave me a breakdown of the benefits of each option. I appreciate when an employee has actually eaten the place's offerings.Toi, Moi et Cafe has real food. We didn't order it. Instead, we got a The Laurier (Black Tea, Grand Marnier and Fragelico with whipped cream on top). The whipped cream was PERFECT. We compared the taste to Christmas gatherings. It was smooth and decadent.We opted for a chocolate-dipped biscotti from their many options. I love the texture of biscotti and this one was just right. Unfortunately, chocolate-dipped means only about two inches of a rather long biscotti. A little more chocolate would have been nice. It was not the best biscotti, but it was a good one.The chairs were comfortable, the tables clean and not woobly.I recommend.
4	I enjoyed this quaint and moody cafe. It also has a distinctly French vibe, which is great, especially if you're visiting. They have a delicious menu that's very affordable for the area. I'd recommend choosing one of their specials since they come with several other courses and a hot drink at the end. The menu items are often healthy and sometimes creative in concoction. And if you're a coffee fiend, you'll love this place since they roast their own coffee beans and a lot of their selection is fair trade. This is a great place to go for a late supper with friends or brunch with someone you've been wanting to catch up with.
4	Such a pleasant place for brunch! They have great brunch dishes and large selection of coffee. The please usually nicely packed, with laid back patrons with their cup of coffee reading newspaper or thick Satre. The seating is tight, but cozy.The food came in large plates, enough to really cramp the small table for two. The savory dish we ordered came with over cooked veggie, and dead poached apple, the sweet chocolate crepes loaded with whipped cream. Strangely they were great!
1	Awful service, bad kitchen....hambuger wasn't cooked well, frozen legumes was still frozen.  Maybe good for breakfast but forget it for quick lunch when you need to eat quick and good....by the way the waitress wasn't aware of the Soupe du Jour and didn't dare to ask what was it...it was 11h45am and they start the lunch at noon !!!!  SO DON'T GO THERE TO LUCH BEFORE NOON !!!
1	Very bad service. The place wasn't even full when we came in but the waitress pretended to be busy with other things instead of seating us at an empty table, made us wait at least 10 min. Food wasn't great either especially for the price they charge. We asked several times for water and it never came until another server poured it for us. We asked for the bill after, and again, it never came, until we had to ask another server who told us to just pay at the counter. Needless to say, bad food, bad service equals no tip. It was our first breakfast in Montreal and good thing we tried other places or the city would have left us with a bad impression with this place.
5	My favourite breakfast spot in all of Montreal. The food is consistently good, the coffee is delcious, and it has a nice atmosphere. The best time to go is in the summer when you can sit outside on the terrace.
3	Good food, service slightly rude and long (took ~15min to get water and order taken), however it was a busy Sunday brunch- so maybe they were stressed.  Just wish they wouldn't take it out on customers:).
4	Beginning first with le cafe, something the French Canadians certainly do better than the French French, Toi Moi et Cafe would start the visit off right as we arrived from Ottawa low on caffeine but with big plans for the day.  A small cafe near to our lunch destination of La Chronique I entered TmeC with modest expectations only to be greeted by a wall of coffees and teas plus pastries, sandwiches, and soups made to order.  Decidedly Francophone in dialect I approached the coffee counter with a bit of trepidation only to find ordering simple as they had one of my favorite beans on roast - a rich Ethiopian Harrar full or deep earthy notes and sweet cocoa tones for $2 that would lead to me returning two days later to pick up two pounds for the ride home.
4	I've only been there for tea (so far---but after one look at the dessert case, I definitely plan to return!) but they've got a wonderful selection of unusual coffee and tea concoctions, including "banana split mocha", coffees and teas with alcohol in them (grand marinier, frangelico, amaretto, etc.), a choose-your-own-flavor steamed milk or soda, the list went on and on. I didn't give it 5 stars only because the service was a bit negligent, but nothing that would prevent me from returning again soon.
3	Definitely not what I expected, I always thought this place did coffee with some paninis and side dishes, like Presse Cafe or Cafe Depot.This is more of a standard resto that serves steaks, pastas and fish. Seeing as how there are many coffee shops nearby, they have to offer a bit more than the others.But there"s also people that come for coffee and dessert only and sit there with their laptops for hours. The place is a bit small and packed, there were only 2-3 waiters on a Saturday.The food was above average, the Bison Burger with Brie Cheese ($12) was very filling, I didn't eat for the rest of the day. It came with a bit of potatoes and a limp green salad. My friend had pasta with chicken Kiev (14), which came with some vegetables, the chicken was a bit dry, but the dish overall was  quite good.Now, onto the coffee: The Cappuccino was heavenly, amazing and under $3, this places specializes in coffee.At first glance, the food menu can look expensive, but it's actually not that bad considering what you get, and it's in a pretty upscale part of town, classy stuff.
3	I had the lemon pie and it tasted amazing.
1	Quite poor.  We came looking for a quaint French back fast place, this is a lowly American greasy breakfast hog feed (like Eggspectations) but expensive.  Terrible
3	One of my first choices for a regular Sunday brunch. Despite the lines (even early) they really move. The staffers are in the know and keep things moving. For the price this place is a good value.I always show up early as it becomes a mad house by 10:15 -10:30 a.m. Good portions of tasty well-prepared food.This place costs the same or less than Second Cup or Starbucks.
3	Yesterday Mom & I went for brunch and it was the exception not the rule. It was pretty dead. Few servers and they were not on their game. Despite or perhaps due to the lack of a crowd service was way slower than usual.
4	What a cool little cafe in what is probably the hippest and liveliest neighborhood in Montreal. I was in very high spirits prior to walking into this cafe: the weather was absolutely beautiful and I was coming off of a long bike ride around this part of the city. I pulled over once I saw people eating and sipping coffee on the outdoor patio, so I knew I had to stop in. The people working here were very nice and helpful, and were ok with me taking a table to myself outside when all I wanted was to drink a cup of coffee and enjoy the nice day.  After sitting, I wish that I hadn't just eaten because the food here looked incredible- particularly the eggs benedict. I may stop in for a meal before I leave.
3	Toi, moi et Cafe used to be my favourite breakfast place in Mile End but upon my most recent visit they changed the menu and took off my favorite dish and also stopped serving their delicious baked apples with breakfast. The cafe au lait's are always great though.
4	Great breakfast- cook refuses to do hard boiled eggs or poached hard eggs... That was frustrating- but once breakfast arrived me and my crowd were pleased!
4	I've been to the Toi, Moi et Cafe near Atwater, and I was happy to find another location on this trip to Montreal, close to where we were staying. The patio is narrow and intimate, but offers a nice view of the street with awnings to help beat the heat. Service is good, food is great, coffee is outstanding. I'd be a regular if I lived in the neighbourhood!
