5	I've got a golden ticket.  I've got a golden twinkle in my eye.  While sadly I didn't get a golden ticket that didn't stop me from breaking into a ear to ear grin while simultaneously humming songs from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory when I walked into Mon Aimee.If you consider yourself a chocofiend you must go and gaze upon the rows of artisan and savory chocolates on sale.  If that wasn't enough they also have got an amazing gelato to tempt you with.Your tastebuds will love you for it.
5	Let's just say for a moment you're a snob. You're one of those fru-fru people that likes their chocolate one way, dark, because that's the only "true" way to enjoy good chocolate. If you love Hershey bars, read no further. Click some other link and get out of here. Why you ask? Because at Mon Aimee, it's likely you're going to pay $5 for a chocolate bar.But, dear reader, that is going to be one of the best damn pieces of chocolate you've ever had. Of course they have a wide variety of chocolate from all over the world, not just dark. That just happens to be the way the person described in the first two sentences of this review likes chocolate. And don't let me make you think this is some stuffy place. It certainly is not. The owners love their chocolate, they love good food, and they're more than willing to help you.First time I was here as a chocolate neophyte, trying to choose between Belgian, French, German, and Italian chocolates, having no clue as to what was good or bad, one of the employees asked if I needed assistance. In broken English with a thick Spanish accent, he took me on a whirlwind tour of all these different brands. All I remember him saying was, "Dis is really good stuff!".He couldn't be more right. This place rocks.
5	I am so glad this place exists!  When I need a special gift or something to cheer up a discerning, hard-to-please friend, I stop here.  Whether it's things you remember from childhood, like Teaberry gum, or your semester abroad, like everything Cadbury and Kinder chocolate and Ritter Sport, or something totally different, like chocolate with chipotle or wasabi or bacon (!!!) inside, this place seems to have something for everyone.  Love!
4	This place has been on my mind because I love sea salt and I like dark chocolate and this is one of the only places I know where one can find dark chocolate with sea salt.  They have every kind of chocolate you can think of here.  I think this is a great place to pick up a nice gift, chocolate makes a great gift because who doesn't need some gourmet chocolate to eat or to share with guests.I was in Mon Aimee last year buying a birthday gift for someone who likes chocolate and this woman walks in and asks "where's Geno's?" both the shop keeper and I are totally baffled by this question, but the woman insists that there is a restaurant named Geno's near by.  She finally says cheese stake and food network and I realize she is thinking of Geno's in Philadelphia.  It was pretty funny.  I told her she had the wrong city but that we had something better, and pointed her in the direction of Primanti Brothers, which is just two blocks away from the Mon Aimee.
4	The chocolate selection here is pretty good.  You can get the wonderful snooty high-end dark chocolates here, or if you have a craving for Cadbury's Milke, or Ritter Sport, they have most of the regular European chocolate brands here as well.  (Also, this is one of the few places I've been able to find that awesome Katjes licorice with the ammonia in it -- definitely an acquired taste, but I love it.  I think they might also have the regular Katjes and the salty Katjes, as well.)  Basically, if you are from overseas and you have an unfulfilled sweet tooth craving, chances are Mon Aimee will have your fix.They also have excellent little homemade savory chocolates, big chunks of milk, semi-sweet, and bitter chocolates for baking, and gelato.Definitely come here if you're PMS-ing for chocolate, or if you're trying to please a picky friend, or if you need to distract your mom before you tell her that you're gay/straight/planning on becoming a Buddhist monk/whatever.  Or, you know, if you just want some chocolate.
3	Good chocolate, but grossly overpriced, even if you compare the same brands.  Go to the Chocolate Moose in Squirrel Hill or Shadyside instead.
4	Minus one star because the price seemed excessive despite the quality. As a certified chocoholic I was a little bit overwhelmed to have all the finest chocolates of the world in front of me. But then I noticed a cadbury crunchie- my favorite candy from a semester abroad in London that I have found difficult to find in the US. I was SO happy! I highly recommend the gelato. I got the dark chocolate and it was as good as gelato from Italy. The chocolate flavor was so deep and intense!
4	The selection is pretty vast -- European, upscale specialty brands (up to $24 for a 3 oz bar!), bulk malt balls in 3 flavors that are wonderful, house-brand hot chocolate mix, and lots more. It's fun just to browse around and know all these choices exist.
5	Walking away from Pamela's we realized there was still plenty of time left on the meter and that The Mattress Factory didn't open for another 40 minutes.  Wandering up the strip we noticed a shop we'd seen closed the day prior was now open and decided to stop in to Mon Aimee Chocolat.  Greeted by owner Amy Rosenfield the moment we walked in the door I was a bit taken aback - she seemed frustrated...but her mood quickly changing as we entered the shop.  Jovial, pleasant, and ready/willing/able to discuss her collection of confections at length it turned out that her original frustration was due to a downed credit card machine and getting the runaround from the IT folks over the phone.Browsing the shop while Amy dealt with the folks via phone we stood in awe of the diversity of the collection Aero bars from Canada, Amadei from Italy, and even Hershey from right up the road.  Vintage to current, house made to international, gums, cookies, caramels,  and...Capogiro gelato.  Already full of Pamela's fantastic breakfast we debated (briefly) whether ice cream before 10am was a good idea - a unanimous yes.  Selecting two scoops at a somewhat pricey $4.25 our choices were Cappuccino and Cioccolato Scuro ("Bitter.")  Having heard great things about Capogiro but not yet making it to Philadelphia all I can say is that the rumors are true - the flavors were superb, the texture like silk, and the weight light and appealing...the Scuro literally tasted like brownie batter without the doughy texture.Selecting a few creamy salted caramels, a small bag of housemade chocolate covered blueberries, and a few gifts to take home to my aunt we settled the bill and bid Amy good luck with the tech support.  A fantastic store with a selection rivaled by few I'd place Mon Aimee on the "must visit" list for the Strip.
4	Awesome things about Mon Aimee:a. Kind, knowledgeable, attentive staff.b. Excellent variety of chocolates from throughout the US as well as tons of international options. (two favorites: Poco Dolce from San Francisco and Eclipse from San Diego)c. New products appear frequently (exciting for a regular visitor)d. As other reviewers have enthusiastically mentioned, CAPOGIRO GELATO, dark chocolate flavor. Seriously, the best I've found in the US (...and by that I mean darkest chocolate. It's always too light elsewhere!). We're really lucky they distribute it in Pittsburgh. My only caveat would be that for items you can find in the grocery store, such as Chocolove bars, you're better off grabbing them at Whole Foods, Giant Eagle, or Right by Nature - you may save about a buck per bar.
5	Let's be honest, who doesn't love chocolate?  Who doesn't love a WHOLE store devoted to chocolate?!  We're not talking about some generic Hershey store.  This place is the real deal!  In the Strip District you've got to really stand out to pull people inside.  Basically, if it's not Steeler related, good luck!  I wandered in here on a lunch break from work and as soon as I entered I knew I wouldn't regret it!  The unique thing about this store is it specializes in chocolates and other candies from all over the world.  I had a friend tell me the Cadbury bars made over in the UK were WAY better than the ones made in the states.  I had planned a trip to London and she told me I HAD to make it a priority to buy a bar there.  I had forgotten about it until a Cadbury bar called out to me from the counter in a market over there.  She was NOT kidding!  It tasted amazing!  Not like that waxy tasting ickiness you get from bad chocolate.  It was rich and creamy and amazing.  I could go on and on.  But BACK to Mon Aimee Chocolat and the great ole' US of A.  Sitting in a display at the store was a Cadbury bar.  It was almost radiating light at this point!  I confirmed with the person working there that it was, in fact, a Cadbury bar straight off the boat, airplane, cruise ship, etc. from the UK!  I was so excited I just had to buy it!  Even though I'm an only child I can be ok with sharing sometimes.  Especially if it's an amazing food!  Since this chocolate was so good I just had to share with my coworkers.  They all thought it was just as life changing as I had described it.  Of course, since I had discovered this, one of my coworkers had been over to Holland and tried a type of candy that became one of her favorites.  Of course we had to go back to Mon Aimee to see if they carried it and sure enough, it was there!  It's such a treat to have this specialty store here in the burgh!  So don't wait...walk, jog or run there...just think, that 'll burn off those calories to indulge it more!!
4	I haven't been in many chocolate stores that don't focus on one particular chocolatier, so my review may be off a little in comparative quality.  But, this chocolate shop is great and is one of the places I always go whenever I'm in the strip.  During the winter, there's nothing better than a cup of spiced dark drinking chocolate as I look through the multiple bean to bar chocolatiers and truffles.  I went here to get chocolates for valentines day as well; the store clerk, an older lady, was very helpful and the lady at home appreciated the choices.
2	For a place called Mon Amiee, this is the un-friendliest place I've ever shopped.  The elderly couple who oversee the premises make you feel as if you're about to commit a chocolate faux pas at any moment.  Come on, a smile would help.  The selection here is stellar, but the prices are ridiculously high.  You can get the same stuff at World Market for $2 less a bar.  Even Whole Foods is less expensive.  Nice gellato.  Good Chocolates. Expensive.  Grim staff.
4	Holy.  Crap.I had never been in Mon Aimee before, not being a big sweet-tooth person, but when I was in the Strip last Saturday I stopped in.  My boyfriend and his mom do enjoy the chocolate, and I have to admit I was sucked in by the promise of "lavender sea salt caramels" on a chalkboard outside.I was really amazed when I walked in.  It's just.....chocolate, as far as you can see.  Gourmet, imported chocolate.  And some other types of candy as well, in old fashioned glass jars, or artfully displayed on a table.  Candy from Asia, candy from Britain.  Chocolate from Europe, South America, Africa.  Some of the bars looked incredible - some were priced at $15 or more, which totally blew my mind.  They had an intriguing section near the front devoted to baking chocolate, with chips, whole bars, and cool things like butterscotch and white chocolate baking pieces.  They also have gelato, and some unwrapped candies that look fresh made, behind a front counter.We bought the aforementioned lavender sea salt caramels, and a few other bars.  It's a pretty pricey store, but it was clearly an incredible place that any chocolate fan should explore.  It's hard for me to judge since candy is not my favorite, but I enjoyed what I tried.  The caramels were coated in dark chocolate and did have a really interesting, herbal quality from the lavender.  I also tried an Irish Whiskey truffle bar that my boyfriend got - I don't care much for dark chocolate so it was too rich for me, but i liked the creamy center.Definitely for the chocolate fan - especially if you like dark chocolate, they have countless varieties of it.  Next time I stop in, I'll be sure to try the "peanut butter heaven," since that sounds right up my alley!
2	Talk about sucking the fun out of what, by nature, should be nothing but rainbows and sunshine and unicorns.The staffer working here on our visit was so sour and unwelcoming that husband and I turned right around and walked out.  Too bad, too, because the place looked adorable and was packed wall-to-wall with unique confections of the chocolate persuasion.Even the pedagogical Oompa Loompas loosened up and danced every now and again.
4	This was the first gourmet chocolate shop I went into and I spent a lot of time here debating what to buy - considering the chocolate melting during the bus ride, what I actually want to eat, etc. It was difficult choosing and I finally ended up with mik chocolate covered pretzels, a hazelnut chocolate bar and one milk chocolate and one dark chocolate Guittard bar. I really wish I bought more, but everything in the store was on the pricier side and I really didn't see anything else I liked. This is definitely a good place to visit when in Pittsburgh.
3	This is the place to buy high end chocolate in Pittsburgh.  There's a lot of wonderful dark chocolate in the store, and some very good quality items.  Everything I have purchased here has been delicious.  I go here if I am buying chocolate as a gift and need the very best.
4	I've been to Mon Aimee probably a dozen times, and I've always found the service to be good and the selection to be fantastic.  It's not just a chocolate shop - it's a sweet shop that focuses on chocolate.  They have a variety of imported sweets, along with high-end chocolates, truffles, hot chocolate, and even some Pittsburgh-themed items.  The only real problem is that they let the sunlight pour into the shop, directly onto the products near the windows.  I always avoid buying anything from that part of the store.
4	I'm not sure where the complaints about the staff are coming from? My mom, sister and I went in there this past weekend and found the staff to be quite informative and friendly.  This is a killer chocolate emporium.  Looking for that British chocolate from your semester abroad? Here is the place to go.  Needing a faux deviled egg for a chocolate themed picnic, have them in stock.  Looking for some of the more unique flavors in smaller sizes, check.Prices are high: some bars probably can be found at lower prices elsewhere but the range isn't available.I'm knocking one star off because the paths in the store are narrow making it hard for people with mobility issues to manuver.  Completely worth the stop if you are in the area.
5	The owner and her parents are delightful, helpful and kind. I often stop in here for a little treat or blast from the past. I grew up in England and love that I can buy chocolates that I loved as a child. If you need a recommendation or a gift, they are always willing to help you choose something or put together a little gift basket within your price range.
5	Oh my! Oh my oh my oh my! On the variety alone, the amount of stars I could give is infinite. Great location in the Strip (BUT WHY SO FAR AWAY FROM ME ALL THE TIME), great hours, and I guess I know a different owner than everyone else, because Amy is the greatest.
5	Does it get any better than this?  Chocolate, Chocolate, Chocolate everywhere. I read several reviews regarding unfriendly staffers/owners.  I'm glad to say I didn't know that in advance and my experience was quite different.  I was greeted by a smilling employee eager to assist me.  When I was finally ready and asked another employee if they had any dark chocolate with raspberries, she was more than prepared to help me.  I ended up purchasing chocolate covered raspberries from a huge jar.  I'm sitting here right now happily munching away.Also, as I was shopping and others have mentioned, there is chocolate offered from around the world.  Next time...
3	Cute little chocolate shop! We sampled two of their gelatos that come in from Philly daily. The salted caramel and the fig. The fig was insanely delicious. By far one of the best I've ever had in my life. The salted caramel on the other hand, was a different story. The girl serving us mentioned that "you could really taste the sea salt" but should have instead said "you may as well eat a container of salt because you won't be able to taste anything else." The salted caramel was awful. This place is also super overpriced, in my opinion. And I am a native New Yorker visiting Pittsburgh and was shocked by the prices of everything. I understand that they get things shipped from far away, but it's just too much.
5	Mon Ami Chocolat has slowly won me over as a fan. My first visit it would have earned 3 or 4 stars. A varied selection of chocolates from around the world fills this store.... But that is only the beginning! At the back of the store you can find (seasonally) a drinking chocolate bar that makes the cold Pittsburgh winters infinitely more bearable. Beside this, and especially welcome in the summer months is their Gelatto bar. I lamented the fact that my favorite flavor was nowhere to be found - Fig. Upon a later visit, much to my surprise, there it was! A fantastic treat that I can't recommend enough. Another time I remarked that they had most of the chocolates from one particular company, but not specific one I had grown up loving... by my next visit, they had it behind the counter for me. (I hadn't special ordered it). I can't praise this kind of service enough! (apparently I wasn't the only one who asked, and it definitely took some doing to get this particular product imported.) Right then they won me over. Only one product I'm still looking for here, when they start carrying Mekupelet, I'll be a customer for life. (Cadbury Flake doesn't count!)
5	Free smells. So, maybe you don't want to buy a truffle? Whogivesashit, go in and take a whiff of this place. We're not talking about some huge commitment here. But, if you do have four dollars and change to spare, head straight to the back counter for "freshly churned" hot chocolate. Not the watery kind with a lump of Cool Whip on top, nosiree, this hot chocolate is as close to chocolate al densa (thick Swiss/Italian pudding-like hot chocolate eaten with a spoon) as I've come. They have two offerings - dark and spicy and milk. I opted for the dark and spicy and wow-wee, was it amazing! They even offer small samples before you decide which route to take. The price is a little steep at four dollars-ish for a fist-sized serving, but I'd make the purchase again in a heartbeat. Aside from the hot chocolate, you'll find a wide selection of international chocolates, marzipan, sea salted caramels, and so on and so on.
4	I have a love hate relationship with this place. Love because they carry excellent goods...hate because they charge too much!Best chocolate selection I've found in Pittsburgh, period. I'm not into the truffles, so I'm just talking about the bars. I love dark chocolate, and it's the only place I've found that carries my favorite brand (Amedei)But it's pricey! A bar of Amedei runs at about ~$20. Now, I'm not opposed to spending for quality, but this is marked up quite a bit - back in California, I used to buy the same bar for $10!Still, considering they carry my favorite chocolate in the whole world, it's worth splurging here on occasion.
4	If you have ever walked down the street and seen a place that might be called "Just Lamps", you know not to go in and ask about chairs because inside it's filled from floor to ceiling with lamps. Well Mon Aimee Chocolat might as well be called "Just Chocolate". Just really good chocolate. It's a great addition to a popular corner in Pittsburgh's Strip District. The back of the store on a Saturday morning has some of the best spicy Mexican hot chocolate that you can find probably in the city and then some. Then there is the rest of the store with all types of chocolate bars that you probably won't find anywhere else. How about a chocolate and bacon bar? How about a bar that is chocolate and lavender? Need some cool chocolate rabbits for Easter?  Oh, you know you want it. Head on over.
5	Best assortment of chocolate I have ever seen!  The hot chocolate bar is a dream come true - I love this place!
5	I don't think I've ever seen this great a variety of chocolate assembled in one place in my life! I think Augustus Gloop might have a heart attack and die in here, clutching a chocolate bar in his hand. They have chocolate from all over the world in weird and exotic flavors to normal ones too. My two nephews were allowed to pick anything they wanted, and so were my husband and I. We didn't buy much, but what we did buy, between us all, cost my sister about $100! On chocolate!!I think it's a great place to stop in if you have a choco hankering, or are in the market to try something new.
4	This is one of the hardest places to walk by when you're in the Strip and not be tempted to walk in to. If you're a chocolate lover who's looking for some variety, you'll be overwhelmed and satisfied. Looking for gelato in the warmer months? Head to the back fo the store for something delicious! There's really not much else to the store other than a great selection of chocolates from nearly every corner of the globe.The negatives are the service and the prices. Some of the chocolates that you'll find at Mon Aimee can be found significantly cheaper at places like Wegman's (if you're lucky enough to live near one), and we've spent a premium on certain candies in the past that we knew we could get cheaper elsewhere. Sometimes the convenience is worth it, though.As for the service, it's a mixed bag. Generally, I've had trouble getting service when looking at the chocolates in the cases, and the staff never seems to be in a friendly mood. While I GUESS they're doing their customers a favor by procuring such a vast variety of chocolate, I'm not sure they should ACT like they're doing us a favor by existing. This strange air of arrogance has always been a turnoff, but what can I say...they have delicious treats;)
3	In terms of having lots of chocolate varieties and being a fun store to explore, I'd give it 5 stars. I had a lot of fun exploring this store. The prices are a bit too much, especially when I can get some of the same brands at World Market for less, so I'd knock my rating to 4 stars. I ended up buying several of the small sample sizes so as to be able to try more for my money.However, one of the employees was so rude that I'm going with 3 stars. This particular worker walked around with a scowl on her face-not sure why, how can you be that upset while working in such a neat place? Later she was sitting on the ground trying to move some box under a cabinet and loudly saying "excuse me" repeatedly to a customer standing by the cabinet who was unaware of the employee on the ground. When the customer finally realized she was the one being spoken to she apologized, but this said employee just moved the box and walked away. My husband and I were visiting from out of state and I was exploring the area during his job interview. Since he wasn't able to be there with me I wanted to take a picture to show him this store. I also wanted to send it to a friend who is moving to the area soon. I had already made my purchase and was standing by the front door with my camera. This same employee yelled rather rudely from the back of the store that no pictures were allowed. Maybe people have stolen their business idea based on pictures taken of their store. I didn't realize it was such a secretive place. I had walked into the store so excited and walked out with a negative feeling. Thankfully the other two older woman working were very helpful and polite.
3	great selection, nice store. Prices are high . I wish there was a courtesy card given for frequent big spenders. THey pack t hings up well in summer m onths with ice if needed.I really wish they had samples because I dont want to buy a $15 bar if I wont like it......2 times i went there and they had NO hot chocolate...TOday, Jan 7th I am calling them but no answer to their phones to see if they are open
4	Chocolate + chocolate + gelato = Mon Aimee.  Don't go out of your way to find it, but if you happen to be visiting Pittsburgh, and are down in the strip district, check it out.  We didn't buy anything but it was fun to shop and look around.  Some reviews already talk about the price...I guess they have to charge more than the average price of a Hershey product to pay the rent, so it was expected that the prices would be of a boutique sweet shop.  All in all, the Mon is a neat little place.  We are fans and recommend stopping by if you are in the neighborhood.
4	So fun to have a place like this in the Strip.  I just found out that they have chocolate oranges - I look for these in all the stores during Christmas and never thought to come here - well they have white, milk, and dark chocolate varieties available year-round.  I love the dark chocolate, but only because I didn't know the other two kinds existed!  They also have canisters of malted milk balls, unique chocolates from all over, seasonal items, and a cafe-ish area.  I didn't try the hot chocolate, but I hear it's a must-have.While we walked around the small store, three different salespeople asked if we were finding everything okay - possibly because I kept taking pictures to Instagram and I didn't realize until after I left that there's a sign asking patrons not to take pictures. Ooops!  But no one said anything and they were polite, so thumbs up for the service here.
4	Wow- it's been a long time since I stopped into a sweets store with this much diversity. A friend wanted to spend a couple of minutes in here, and I quickly noticed how dangerous of a place this could be for me. Mostly chocolates, but other interesting sweets (i.e., pistachio flavored marshmallows), I continued to be surprised and how creative people have gotten with flavors. I tried some of the Irish whiskey flavored chocolate, which I have to say was pretty amazing. Although I don't think I have an intense sweet tooth compared to others, no one will be able to deny walking into this place to try something great.
2	great selection, nice store. Prices are high . I wish there was a courtesy card given for frequent big spenders. THey pack t hings up well in summer m onths with ice if needed.I really wish they had samples because I dont want to buy a $15 bar if I wont like it......2 times i went there and they had NO hot chocolate...TOday, Jan 7th I am calling them but no answer to their phones to see if they are openThe service is most often rude. Owners just are not welcoming
5	NOW This is What I Call a Candy Shop. If Your are a Chocolate Connoisseur...I've Found a Home for You. As I looked over the Multitude of Selections, I Recognized Chocolates I've Seen ALL Over the World. Name It, It's There ! Helpful Staff, and the Knowledgeable Owner On the Premises ! A MUST VISIT When in Pittsburgh.A Chocolate Paradise - Everyone Will Find Something They Love !
3	If I die before I wake, make heaven something like this store.  Chocolate here that I've never seen before.  Expensive!  I am used to high prices for great chocolate - but hey- I think you gotta sell a lot of candybars to make a living...
5	The ice creams at the rear corner of the store were FANTASTIC. Tried the dark chocolate and the pineapple & mint (single cup for about $4) and they were unbelievable. I say again, they were UNBELIEVABLE.The dark chocolate ice cream was very rich in cacao, smooth and creamy, and was just like having a real dark chocolate. The pineapple & mint has chopped mint in it, and we enjoyed both the taste and the look of the scoop.
1	The gelato counter was disappointing.  The woman who served us told us that it was "rated in the top 5" gelatos in the country and added that it was "from Philadelphia."  Isn't that the same as "not made fresh in Pittsburgh?"  When we asked if we could mix flavors, she said that we couldn't do that because "it's too messy."  What she should have said was that the portion would be too small to able to mix.  She oh so carefully dipped less than a full scoop and dropped it in the cup.  The gelato wasn't good enough to be short scooped, even in a fancy chocolate shop in the Strip district.  Maybe they figure that the tourists who stop there won't be coming back anyway.  If you find yourself at Mon Aimee Chocolat and want gelato, leave immediately and go to Mercurio's on Walnut St. in Shadyside.   There you'll find better gelato, more flavors, which you can mix, and you'll be served with a smile.
4	Chocolate heaven! There are chocolate bars from all over the world. And the unique wrapping makes you wanna buy all the chocolate if it didn't make such a huge dent in your wallet. Don't forget to try out their little gelato stand while you're there.
2	I can only review the nonpareils and truffle sampler.   The nonpareils are very low quality dark chocolate and for 14.00 per pound definitely not worth it.   The truffles had two salted, one of which was milk chocolate.  They were so salty that the chocolate flavor did not come through.  I have to assume that the chocolate with  name brand wrappers are better than the ones they make in house.
4	Cool, cool place on The Strip.  Get in early for hot chocolate or you'll miss it.  Great mix of unique malted milk ball flavours, and great sampler packs that really are special.  Neat chocolate tasting options, but too expensive for my taste.  Chocolate bars from around the world are double or triple the price of what you'll find online, but for a local chocolate shop, you can find a few more homemade items that are worth your cash.Hopping busy on a weekend, less so on a weekday.  If they're out of the hot chocolate, try the biscotti place across the street to the right - they buy their hot cocoa from Mon Aimee and it tends to last longer!!
3	Word on the street had it this place has the best hot chocolate in PGH, so I knew I needed to check it out.  Unfortunately, I learned the hard way that the hot chocolate is available on a very limited basis--specifically, between 7:30am and 12:30pm on Saturdays.  It took me three visits to figure this out: The first time, I came at 4pm on Sat. (out of it for the day), and the second time, I came before noon on Sun. (no hot chocolate served on Sun.).  The third time, when I arrived at 12:15pm on Sat. on a bitterly cold Dec. day, was the charm.So how was this mythical hot chocolate?  It was good, but not quite what I expected.  When another reviewer described it as "thick [and] pudding-like," I expected something served in a bowl-like cup that I'd have to attack with a spoon.  Instead, I received a thick, but drinkable, chocolate liquid served in a paper cup (see photo).  Was it indeed the best hot chocolate in PGH?  Yeah, I guess--at least out of the hot chocolates I've tried.  Was it worth $4?  Maybe (see answer to point 1). Would I go all the way to the Strip specifically to get it again?  Doubtful.In addition to the hot chocolate, I picked up a peppermint-spangled chocolate bar.  It was quite pricy (around $8), but the owner, who I asked if there was a smaller version (no), talked up the maker, so I decided to give it a try.  I had similar feelings about it to the ones I had about the hot chocolate.  Was it good?  Yes.  Was it worth $8?  Probably not.As others have mentioned, the owner (the older woman) is a bit lacking in social graces, as I observed from her abrupt answers to my inquiries about the hot chocolate (I felt like she was the hot chocolate Nazi, akin to Seinfeld's soup Nazi).  Even the time when it was available, she introduced some confusion into my interaction with the employee working at the hot chocolate bar.  However, she did a great job talking up that chocolate bar!I'd be willing to come back to try the gelato when the weather warms up (I'll update this review if I do).  I strongly suspect I'd have a similar reaction to the one I did for the hot chocolate and chocolate bar, however.  3.5 stars.
