5	Indian food is one of my all-time favorites. My experience is based on growing up eating at NYC's Curry Row (6th St B'twn 1st and 2nd Ave) then the few years in my late 20's living in Dirty Jersey I was exposed to a ton of great Indo-Paki restaurants. So, Why the background information? Simply put I'm cynical and spoiled and didn't expect the desert to have such BOMBay (ha-ha) Indian restaurants... But we do!Okay, If Indian cuisine was bad Karaoke (metaphorically speaking.) and there was a contest like...American Idol; and I was on a panel with Simon, Paula, and Randy I know we would unanimously vote Mantra Masala-Healthy Cuisine from India, to be the next American Idol. There's never a wait and the prices are fair. (Dinner price-appetizer, variety of Nan, main course and drink 20-30$ per plate.) The service is prompt and extremely friendly. Tonight we brought a newbie to Indian cuisine and the owner (I think she was the owner?) She was nice enough to explain what's what to our friend.  Tonight I had the Chicken Vindaloo and I'm still thinking about how awesome it was. The Nan & Onion Culcha is made on site, piping hot and oh so good. The Samosa mixed appetizer is one you can't go wrong with. I gauge my restaurant on the Chicken Tikka Masla and Mantra Masala passes with flying colors. The Tikka & Tandoori is spiced perfectly and always juicy. The Mango Lassi and their Taj Beer are excellent (probably not together.) This place is extremely Vegetarian friendly. I'm psyched they are getting ready to start a lunch buffet next week. The place has doubled in size within the last couple of months. It's a clean place with a dark and cozy atmosphere. The decor is a lot more modern then any other place I've been.  If you like Indian food you will be addicted to Mantra Masala.
5	The food was awesome. Do I really need to say more than that?OK, so since my family is all about take-out lately, I can't review the restaurant's atmosphere, or wait service, but strictly reviewing the food it was a little plate of heaven. Well, make that a big plate.I ordered the Chicken Sag and Spinach Nan (Yeah, I'm a big spinach fan). The Sag had the wonderfully creamy, soothing taste I was hoping for. That dish is my comfort food. The Nan was freshly baked and piping hot. My husband had the Lamb Vindaloo and Aloo Paratha. The Aloo was slightly underseasoned for me, and my husband always orders things "hot," so the Vindaloo was good, but too pungent for my taste. Not for the faint of heart. The flavor was right on, though.All the food had the complex and earthy Indian spice combination that I've never been able to recreate at home, but love so much. I'm so jazzed about this place. They're a little out of the way. I would have driven right by them if I hadn't known that they're set back off of the road behind another business (sorry can't recall which one). If you like Indian cuisine definitely go give Mantra Masala a try. Let's keep these guys in business!
5	After an emergency room visit, there's nothing like good Indian food to life the spirits. This place is tucked away in a strip mall- in the back corner even. I've had left overs for 3 days now and am totally lovin' it.The Paleek Paneer was awesome and they were very generous on the big cubes of cheese. I also had the Lamb Mantra which I'll happily order again.I only wish the prices were a little less and they were so far OUT west!
3	One of my friends has been to India recently, and she recommended Mantra Masala as a place to go for Indian food.  She said Mantra Masala definitely served dishes reminiscent of those she had in India, and I decided to give it a try. I've been to another Indian restaurant called Tamba before, and I wanted to see how Mantra Masala was like in comparision to my experience at Tamba.  I went to Mantra Masala recently for dinner with some friends.  This restaurant is small and hidden away, so we almost missed it.  The restaurant was smaller than I expected, and the lighting was quite dim, with ethnic music playing quietly in the background.  My friend had the Vegetable Samosa as an appetizer and the Lamb Vindaloo.  My other friend had the Lamb Mantra and the Taj Mahal beer.  My best friend and I shared the Chicken Biryani.  All four of us also had the Garlic Nan and Spinach Nan.  The Chicken Biryani was a bit mushy and not that remarkable.  My friend liked her Vegetable Samosa, but she didn't like her Lamb Vindaloo that much.  I tasted the Lamb Vindaloo, and I actually liked the potatoes in the dish, and the lamb was pretty tender.  The Lamb Mantra was pretty good, nice and spicy, and we also liked the Spinach Nan dipped in the yogurt they gave us. I gave Mantra Masala 3 stars because I felt that the dishes I tried here just wasn't as flavorful as the ones I tried at Tamba.  Furthermore, in comparison to Tamba, the portions were quite small but very pricey!!!  Despite all that, we had a decent time here overall.
4	Cant believe i've been living in the general area for months and never seen this place. I found it due to the taco bell on a day i was in a hurry to get to point B. One thing that really surprised me was the price of everything. Sucks when you're a penny pinching college student who's hungry as hell. Regardless i asked for a chicken tandoori. The cook was handling my order and recommended i get the day's special instead which was only 13.95. Being hungry i didn't care and the faster i can pay results in the faster my food arrived.Chicken...Special (13.95)I'd never thought i'd be using this word to describe Indian food but here it goes, This dish was a bit bland at first. Not bland as in lacking flavor, it had plenty of that. A few heavy pinches of kosher salt fixed it right up. No clue what it was called but it was hardy with a rich flavorful sauce, large cuts of tomatoes, onions, and the deboned chicken. Garlic NanVery strong garlic presence. nice and coarse hunks of garlic on top of the nan. Could have been crispier. It was a bit soggy but could have been from the to go bag.Overall this place is pretty good and with it's close location it can easily become a regular for me. From 11am - 2pm is their lunch specials and dishes are advertised at or around 6 dollars.
5	This was a very enjoyable dining experience. Like others have pointed out, this restaurant serves incredible Indian cuisine. Being somewhat of a connoisseur of ethnic cuisines, I was pleasantly surprised by how close to the "authentic" Indian cuisine this place was--almost like you were in India itself!!! Many vegetarian options which were flavorful and yummy! Chicken Masala was out of this world as well. Naan was fresh and full of flavor as well. The owner was nice enough to point out that they don't use any unnatural oils and saturated fats in their cooking--indeed their food tasted healthier than most Indian places without the aftertaste of "not-so-fresh" ingredients and oils. Decor was very nice and elegant. I was very impressed considering the shopping center location. Service was average, nothing too incredible here, but the people were friendly. PRICES!!! are incredible. We ate two lunch specials with quite a few inclusive dishes and paid under $20!!!! I was very happy with my bill and tipped accordingly. They offer A+ lunch specials and dinner prices are also very competitive. I am pleasantly surprised that this restaurant already has so many great reviews as the couple of times I've been here, our party was the only one at the restaurant. Let's keep Mantra Masala in business, as it is the best Indian restaurant in Vegas!
4	This place is great!  Gerald and I went there a week or so ago and really enjoyed the food.Their chicken tikka masala was really good; the chicken was very flavorful, and the curry was just right.  It wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was high up there, and the chicken was just perfect.We ordered some appetizers (the sampling platter with the somosas and a few other things), and they were all quite good as well.  The only thing I didn't like about them was they seemed to all be covered in a thin layer of salt.  It tasted great, but it was a bit salty.Their home-made tamarind sauce was delicious and went well with the appetizers.We also ordered a special eggplant dish that was also pretty good.  Gerald didn't care for it, but I thought it was tasty.The service was very good; the waiter was friendly and attentive.It was very quiet when we went; there were only one or two other tables the whole time.  I hope that this place picks up because it's among the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas.
1	The food I've tried is so/so but nice decor and the owner and staff are very friendly.  The naan can be hit or miss here.  One time it tasted like pita bread (maybe they ran out?) and another time it tasted like OK naan out of the tandoor.The Chick Tikka Masala is decent.  Vindaloo is not great, in fact most of their curries (like the Mantra Masala) taste alike just different heat levels.  Have tried the tandoor mixed grill and it was satisfactory.  The malai kofta is decent but the gravy is more like a soup.  Also, one thing I noticed about this place is that the dishes are consistently underseasoned.  I read somewhere that most Americans consider Indian food to be salty so maybe this is an overreaction to that?  Not sure.  But I always have to add salt to the entrees.Pricing is a kinda high and they charge you a lot for every little thing - rice, raita, mango pickle.
4	Although I had my doubts about Mantra Masala before actually eating there (the sign on the exterior says "healthy" Indian food, leading me to imagine creamless plates of Tikka Masala - ew) I was pleasantly surprised once I actually had the opportunity to eat there.  The service was friendly and fast and the food was great.  We had the appetizer sampler (fried goodness), Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo, garlic naan bread and we split a mango lassie.   It was a little pricey compared to other Indian restaurants that I've been to, but it is close to my house and I will definitely go there again when I'm craving Indian.  One complaint I would have is that it took not one, not two, but THREE visits to the establishment before I could eat there due to their weird schedule.  Closed on Mondays.  Closed during the afternoon during their off-peak hours.  I get that it saves them money to close during this time, but this is Vegas and I would expect a restaurant to be open at 3 p.m.
5	The food is great and the portions are a great size for the price.  My friends and I like to get a few dishes and share.  Very friendly owner and staff.  It has a wonderful atmosphere.
4	We were looking for some good food near our new apt and found this place on Yelp. We had a bit of trouble finding it, it's behind a fast food restaurant kind of tucked away.  It was really worth the effort though.  It has a great atmosphere and the service is personal.  Maybe I'm wrong, but I beleive the guy attended to us was the owner or chef and he had great suggestions.  Forgive me as I can't remember names of dishes but they were all flavorful and as Indian food should be vibrant and aromatic.  We enjoyed our appetizer and dinner very much.  I would suggest this place to anyone looking for Indian food.
3	The food of this small Indian restaurant is very flavorful. I especially love the Chicken Masala and their Garlic Naan. The service is slow paced, which was okay for us as we were looking for a relaxing evening without the feeling of being rushed through our meal.I give this restaurant a 3 star only because they delivered a food item to our table that was not ours. It took us 15 minutes to get the servers attention. Once he noticed that the item was dropped at the wrong table he picked it up off of our table and brought it to the correct table. The truly disgusting part is that we had taken a bite of the item before realizing that it was not what we had ordered.
5	Loved, loved this place. This review is purely based on the food as the service was not good. The food however was pure flavor and absolutely worth going back for. YUM, YUM, YUM
5	Excellent Indian.Get it on the Southwest side of town. Very good across the board!Delicious naan, excellent curries, vindaloo...It's not cheap but the food is great. I have, on multiple occasions, had the owner come out and ask what I think about his restaurant. I should clarify, the prices are great, but the portions aren't enormous, but, I'll tell you what, this place knocks the socks off of Gaylords, Ghandi's and any other authentic Indian place i have had in town.
4	It probably speaks volumes about me that Mantra Masala's tagline as "Healthy cuisine from India!" really put me off this restaurant for a long time.  I wasn't sure I wanted to go out for "healthy" food, but after two years of living a stone's throw from this restaurant finally a craving for Indian without the strings attached of driving around town won out and we gave it a shot.Overall I am pleased we did. There's no buffet on offer here, but the dinner menu., while small, features some tasty fare. I enjoyed my Chicken Tikka Masala and the samosas were different (and rather heavy) from what I am used to, but really excellent. My wife enjoyed her Shahi Paneer and we both loved the papadums and naan.The portion sizes are fairly standard for an Indian Restaurant, so don't expect USA sized portions and the prices are pretty reasonable without being bargain priced.Mantra Masala isn't my favourite Indian place in town, but it's certainly convenient and a worthy contender for if you live nearby.
4	Tried this place after reading about it here. It did not disappoint. We tried Aloo Tikki which has bold yet pleasant flavors. Barah Kabab was also tasty, but it was the Chicken Mantra that we most enjoyed. The  Ras Malai was delicious, too. Our server was helpful and friendly.
4	Awesome atmosphere. Excellent food but a bit pricey. I think if the prices were lowered a bit and advertised, they would increase their sales revenue.If I could get a full meal in there, including a drink for $10-12 I would go much more often than a couple of times a year.They offer a good selection of wine and recommend certain wines with each dish.Also, they have a really nice bar. Overall, I love it... just can't afford it as often as I'd like.
5	We love this place! Try the Aloo Tikka - a great appetizer of potato cakes with sauce that my boyfriend tries to lick off the plate. The Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent, as is the curry.
3	Ok this place is right across where I work so I'm here at lease monthly to take advantage of their lunch specials. What makes Mantra Masala stand out from other Indian restaurants is the fact that the food you are served is not coated in oil/ghee. Lunch specials here are less than $10 (from $6-$10). I get the lunch for the hungry vegetarian (I think). It comes with a bowl of tomato soup....a touch of cream and spice in a rich broth. Very nice start to the meal. The entree itself is :1. naan - very soft, fluffy, warm and tasty. No oily residue or butter on it so I don't feel too bad having all that carb2. Rice - the rice is basmati but this is the part of the meal I dislike...it masquerades as pulau/briyani but it tasted to bland. I usually leave most of the rice3. Eggplant Dish - Ok...this is THE BEST ever. It's soooo good...slightly spicy, creamy and yet still keeping a texture....the right combination of flavors. I can eat this curry bu itself4. Spinach and Potato Dish - This is a nice and simple dish that tastes good. I have ordered another vegetarian set lunch that was supposed to come with garbanzo beans (channa) curry. However, apparently they don't ever serve it. Instead it comes with a vegetable dish that I remember as being pretty bad.I've ordered gulab jamun here once and it tasted very good. I have never been here for dinner so I can't speak to the prices and dishes in the evening but this is an ideal place to have a good, inexpensive Indian lunch that doesn't feel like you just gorged on 2 sticks of butter.
4	This my favorite place for lunch! The lunch prices are great and the food comes quickly. I wish the tikka masala came with more chicken though! Don't even ask to substitute anything, you will get a lesson on food costs and how to run a restaurant. I've never been here for dinner. This place is closed on Monday.
5	For me, this place is great because of the location.  I really like Indian food, but most of the good places are in the Flamingo/Paradise area, and I don't have a reason to go out towards that UNLV area anymore.  I was here yesterday for lunch.  There were 8 or so different lunch specials with about half of them being vegetarian ranging from $5.95 to $8.95.  Only one of the specials was $5.95 with the rest being $7.95 or $8.95.  I don't remember what the vegetarian options were, but pretty much every plate included a tomato soup, rice, a piece of naan, a spinach puree.  You could choose either tandoori chicken or chicken tikki masala for $7.95 or both for $8.95...  Me and the SO had the chicken masala which was really good.  The sauce was great to dip the naan in, and I was pretty much full most of the day from it...  I can't wait to go back for dinner to try something new.
4	I have been to Mantra Masala 3 times for lunch and had their Chicken Tikka Malasa and Tandoori chicken lunch special every time.  Very yummy! Love the tomato soup they serve with the lunch specials and their naan is really good.
2	I am a huge pakistanian/indian foodie, so after reading the reviews, I decided to try this place for dinner.  I was from Houston, TX, where there is an abudant of pakistanian/indian food around, so my reviews below may be very critical.ProsVery closenice decorConsfood-Mantra mixed appetizer which includes the samosa, onion bhaji, and chicken pakora-----samosa:  filled with lentils, I am used to the potatoes filling, so didn't like this one-----onion bhaji:  just taste like fried batter to me-----chicken pakora: dipped in the tamarind chutney...what do you get?  Sweet and sour chicken!!!!  My piece of chicken fell out of the thick cold batter. -Mantra Mixed Grill (They are tiny portion, like others have mentioned, but it's all good since it's the quality that I want to try out at this place)-----Barah Kabob:  the part that was super grilled was ok, but the middle part tasted kinda mushed in a way-----Chicken tandori/chicken bazari:  I don't know..I tried other pieces that are not chicken tikka, and it tasted kinda grainey, so I stuck to the chicken tikka-----Chicken Tikka:  this taste the most familiar. But...I have not seen such a small piece. -----Masala chai tea:  it kinda taste like the bigelow spiced chai tea that I could easily steep at home, office, anywhere.Conclusion:  I will drive the further distance to go to my favorite indian restaurant here in Vegas, Mint Indian Bistro.
3	Ambiance- 4 starsFood- 3.5 starsPrice- 2 starsWe came here in a large group for dinner and the server was very helpful in helping us order our dishes.  For an appetizer, we had the Mussels Mantra. The flavor was good, but it was overcooked....a lil tough and chewy. We also tried the Padpi Chat. I was definitely not a fan of this item. For the entrees, we decided on the sea bass, the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Mantra and the Dewane Handi. Out of everything, the sea bass was my favorite, flavored just right. The lamb was dry and the dewane handi was bland to me. I think my favorite part of the meal was the Nan. I wasn't too impressed with the meal and after we got the check it made me less impressed. Like I said before, we had a large group (15 people) and it came out to be 41 dollars a person....or 82 dollars a couple in our case. I'm definitely not stingy when it comes to good food, but for the price and what we got I'm not sure I will be returning unless its for the lunch specials.
4	I ate with Brenda L on the same exact day, and we happened to be at the same table eating the same thing!  haha!  Anyhoo, I think I totally had a different opinion of the food maybe because we had split all the dishes and they gave the birthday girl (me) the better cooked dishes? 1.   Mussels Mantra - i thought that the mussels that I had were actually really juicy and tender.  And the sauce!  Oh the sauce!  I totally wanted to mop it all up with the naan!2.  Padpi Chat - i didn't love this dish but i appreciated the tangy flavors and the crunchy bread3.  Sea bass - I thought this was actually overcooked and dry4.  Chicken Tikka Masala - i had the specially prepared one with extra spiciness.  loved it and it was not dry5.  Lamb Mantra - i enjoyed this dish a lot because it was actually really tender and not gamey at all6.  Dewane Handi - this spinach dish did not impress me much, and nor did I even remember eating it!  haha! Out of everything, the sea bass was my least favorite, and my favorites were between the tender lamb and the fluffy yet crusty nan bread!  So good!  From what I've experience, Indian food is always pricier than other foods, but I had such a good experience, I guess the price was fine to me.  Conclusion:  I'm sorry that Brenda L did not have as good of an experience as I did, but I was a happy camper!  Going back for more.
4	A quiet nicely decorated Indian restaurant in the southwest area of town.  We were the only diners on a Sunday night (which usually isn't a good thing), but they are hidden away.The Husband and I shared:* Lamb Biryani "Baked casserole of basmati rice and lamb richly flavored with saffron." ($16.95) - The Husband has a special liking to biryani and immediately looked through the menu for this item.  He ordered it spicy and definitely enjoyed it, more so with the leftovers the next day.* Malai Kofta "Mixed vegetable dumplings in savory creamy spiced sauce." ($12.95) - I'm all about any kind of creamy sauce and there are very few I don't like in Indian cuisine.  Their version was super tasty and really good with the garlic nan bread.  Yum!  I chose medium for my spice.  It also came with rice.  The dumplings were just okay though.* Garlic Nan "Leavened bread baked with fresh chopped garlic in the tandoor." ($2.95) - When going nan, garlic is the only way to go.  So good, I could only wish for more.Overall, the food was pretty good.  Our waiter was definitely attentive, until he got stuck on the phone with a to go order.  It is rather expensive for the two entrees and condiment we ordered, even with an Entertainment Book coupon.  We'd consider going again, but definitely know why the Indian lunch buffets do so well in the city.
5	This is the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas by far!  We have tried most of their menu items and everything is prepared well - the lamb is tender as is the chicken.  They are able to prepare dishes with great flavors that are not nearly as spicy as most Indian food.  The Lamb Mantra & Chicken Sag are favorites as are the Onion Kulcha & Garlic Naan.  Prices are very reasonable - we always bring home enough for a 2nd meal.
3	I've been here twice; once for dinner and once for lunch. The place is nice and secluded in a little plaza. The restaurant has a very nice mood to it. The colors are very warm and the decorations are artsy, which is expected of an Indian restaurant. The food and the service is both mediocre. The staff just seems a little bored and lack enthusiasm. The lunch specials are cheap, all under $10 from what I can remember and include soup. The portions are decent and the food seems pretty healthy. I did feel like the food lacked some flavor though. My boyfriend got the tikka masala and I forgot what I ordered, but I tried his and it tasted kind of bland. Over all, I don't think I'd come back unless I was in the area and wanted a cheap lunch special.
1	Be careful when you order the tikki Marsala, I had found feathers in the sauce... I'm not coming back ..
3	I have a few weaknesses about Indian Food, and as such I am gauging this place on those weaknesses I have.  They are: The  Naan (Bread), the Curry and Chutney.I found myself ordering the Chicken Curry during this visit.  The Naan came automatically, but it was a tiny bit soggy and just warm.  I like my naan fresh and HOT!   The Curry came not too long after we had ordered and the serving size was OK.   The curry was nothing to write home about.I remember in the past that this place had a good lunch buffet, but the last  time I visited here it seem to have been long gone.The establishment was clean, the waiting service was excellent, the food is just OK.  In my opinion, if Teriyaki Madness (which is adjacent to his restaurant) began serving naan at their store, this place would be in serious trouble.
2	My first venture into attempting to find good Indian food in Vegas has ended in failure.  It wasn't BAD... but it wasn't good.  I've had better... in fact...  I've only had better than this, and it has always been much cheaper.  This is like... the Panda Express of Indian food with a really nice atmosphere (this should have been my first warning).  The total bill for two people came out to about $50.  A few weeks ago I was in a pretty shady looking Indian restaurant (most of the best ones are shady looking) in San Francisco and we ordered a LOT more, it tasted better, and the bill didn't even make it to $30.If you're totally clueless about Indian food and your idea of travel is driving down to Mesquite, then this place is probably perfect for you.  Unfortunately, I didn't come to have American food with an Indian theme, I was looking for something that had the rich, deep, and complex flavors that I'm used to.  The lowdown:Naan - Ahhh... the king of breads, naan bread usually whisks my senses away at the very first bite.  I'm a bread lover, and naan is easily one of the best types of bread in the world... usually...  This one was... good.  Not great, certainly not amazing like it should be... just good.Garlic naan - I have to give them kudos on their garlic naan.  It had a better flavor than many of the others I've had.  Garlic naan usually doesn't stack up against regular naan, but this one was actually better than their plain naan.  That's not the best compliment, but it's the only one they're going to get today!Chicken Tikka Masala - Hmm... Like naan, it is one of the dishes that I judge an Indian restaurant on...  Usually, rich, creamy, and surprisingly complex... this one was decent.  But a bit bland, with none of the richness and depth that I'm used to.  It was more like Chicken Campbell's-tomato-soup Masala.Chicken Mantra - It tasted.... thin...  Like a watered down version of what it was meant to be.  The flavor was actually decent, but once again lacked richness and depth.  The rice was a disappointment, and a previous Yelper's comment about it being a "mouse sized portion" wasn't too far off the mark.  A big mouse, to be certain.... but still a mouse.It might be the best Indian in Vegas... but I hope I'll find better.
5	Close to our house and great food. Must try the eggplant bharta and the chicken tikka masala. Two of the best dishes on the menu.
2	Regrettably I'm going to have to knock some stars off Mantra Masala as I feel like the quality and value for money is dropping off sharply.This place has never been our favourite Indian option as far as flavour goes, but for a local place where we can get some takeout it more than fit the bill.Unfortunately, on our last couple of visits the naan has been extremely rubbery and we've felt like they have really skimped on the content of our dishes that we ordered. Our Shahi Paneer on the most recent occasion contained a mere FIVE chunks of paneer in a sea of sauce. Sorry guys, but when you're charging slightly higher prices than average for your entree portions already, I expect more than 5 cubes of cheese for my money. On our previous visit we fared a little better, with seven bits, but it's still not very much is it? Mantra Masala's food is generally OK, perhaps not quite as tasty as some of our favourites, but in terms of value they are going downhill fast, to a point that not even their proximity to my home will call me back.
3	In a word: yummy! Indian food tends toward the expensive side, so I appreciate Mantra Masala's lunch special menu. I went with "Lunch Two" featuring Chicken Tikka Masala. It comes with a side of Dewane Handi (spinach puree with assorted vegetables), some seasoned Basmati Rice, and a decently sized piece of Naan.To be real, it's not a whole lot of food for $7.95 + tax. But Mantra preaches healthy food. With that in mind, it's a good portion and definitely satiated my appetite without making me overly full. And most importantly, everything was delicious. I prefer the flavor of Mantra's Chicken Tikka Masala over Mint Indian Bistro's. The Naan was cooked perfectly and the Dewane Handi was surprisingly good (I've never had it before).I haven't eaten dinner at Mantra. Looking at the dinner menu prices, I probably wouldn't want to. For lunch, however, it presents a nice option. It is a bit far from work, but it's a quick zip up the 215. I'll definitely get lunch there again some day.Note: A sign outside advertizes lunch specials under $6. This is misleading. One lunch dish is $5.95. The rest are $7.95 or higher.3.5 stars
3	We grabbed lunch with a friend who lives in the area. We all grabbed a Lunch #2: Chicken Tikka, Dwane Handi, seasoned rice, naan and tomato soup. It was good, but not the best. Chiken tikka was juicy, but the tikka sauce seemed less complex than others. Dwane Handi is good, tomato soup was pretty standard, naan was okay. The portions aren't that big, but it did the trick. I just was more sad about the tiny dollop of rice. I mean isn't that the point of the rice and naan is to sop up the sauces and flavors of the dishes? By the end I was just taking spoonfuls of the dishes since I was out of rice and naan which to me is a travesty. This Asian has to have rice!!! $7.95 isn't bad for a lunch, but with a lot of Indian places offering a buffet for $9-11 it isn't necessarily value when compared, but good value for being the only Indian in the SW and few places with lunch specials there.Service wasn't really personable. We didn't get any drink refills and when ordering drinks he took mine and the BFs drink order and turned around without asking our friend if they want a drink. No drink for you! It's okay if you want Indian nearby, but I think a drive out is worth it.
2	So now the rice has become bright orange and inundated with carrots and cauliflowers rendering the actual rice pieces of the already skimpy portion invisible. This mush was also quite inedible. The Deewane Handi (pureed spinach with potato chunks) was barely passable and terrifically under-seasoned. The eggplant dish was not as good as I remembered it being. The Lentil Soup was very lackluster and me and my companion struggled to try to finish it. We struggled in vain. The Naan was the saving grace of their lunch special. Soft, chewy (in a good way) and the only thing we could scoop up our gravies with (since the rice was not fit to eat). To make us feel a little better we ordered Gulab Jamun. How can you go wrong with fried fatty goodness in a sugared concoction? Correct answer: You can't. One star for the Naan and another for the Gulab Jamun. The food was a total and utter blasphemy.
4	I like the Lamb Tandoori dish they do a lot. It is pricey but feeds me and my husband. This lamb dish keeps me coming back.  One warning they seem to doubt Americans ability to take spice so be emphatic. Service is weird, I always leave feeling like I was taking to someone with a lobotomy.  Not mean or inattentive just not all the lights are on.  Insofar I have found service to be weird at all the Indian places we have tried.  Namaste and the Celine Dion covers. Origin and the credit card at your table issue.
1	I have eaten Indian food all over the world and this place is HANDS DOWN the worst Indian food I have ever eaten.  The service was non-existent.  In our opinion they don't eve deserve one star.We could not even finish our meals (I only ate a few bites) it was so bad.  If this place has won awards I question who the critics are.  Do yourself a favor and eat anywhere else.
1	I have eaten my share of Indian food in my life and I must say this is the worst. The tandoori chicken tasted like it was a left over from the day before, very dry like wood. The service is also horrible. We were the only table at 12:30 lunch time and they took for ever to give us the " not fresh food".
3	Been here a few times when I get a craving for chicken tandori with mango chutney.  The chicken is always tender and sauce flavorful.  I always leave with my food craving satisfied.  Food is delicious, yet service can improve...overall it's a "slightly-better-than-ok" neighborhood Indian restaurant. (I'm sure that'll make sense to some lol)  Worth a try!
4	Good food.  Never oily and has great flavors.  Curry has a little heat to it, which is nice.  Fresh nan.  Very intimate little restaurant, perfect for lunch discussions with colleagues or a nice dinner date.Service is a little hit & miss, but it doesn't take away from the quality of the experience overall.
4	Good food, very tasty, place is very nice and intimate inside. Place looks closed and dark from the outside, but they are open, they just have curtains blocking the windows. Portions could definitely be a little more for the price, but it was good.
5	Fresh food, owner a brilliant chef, enthralling to talk to about indian cuisine and spices, will be back often...
3	very good! went for some buffalo wild wings but instead I ended up having some indian cuisine. Service was very good! The way to go is chicken curry, basmati rice, and garlic bread right out of the oven. Nice small place.
3	Went there today on a whim, the ambiance is zen, the waiter was not bad, like he did his job checked up on us refilled our beverages but didn't seem happy. I would ask a question and his reply and tone would come out dull and rude! Like cheer up dude! What's your deal?! Food decent, small portions and a bit overpriced.I do like the mango lassi!
2	food is pretty bland. been here a couple times just to make sure i didn't just come on a bad day. There are way better places in Las Vegas for Indian food.
4	Can't go wrong with the Chicken Tikka Masala, basmati rice, and naan. Ordered take out for 8 people - the staff was friendly, the owner helped me load my car, and was expecially helpful when I asked for plates/utinsels/napkins. Overall, very friendly and good food. I'd certainly return!
4	By far the best Indian restaurant in our neiborhood, SW. I think this restaurant is ome of the better Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. Great neiborhood restaurant to satisfy ur appetite. My husband had Lamb Korma and it was very good and my Chicken Tikka Masala is very good, as well. I never have a craving for Indian Food so we don't visit here often but whenever we do, it doesn't disappoint us. Naan here are very good but Paratha are just okay.  One thing that did bother me this time is that the girl, the server?, did not offer a lunch menu, which we didn't know it existed. Same thing that I ordered could have been $5 less. It made me feel that I was screwed over. SO! I highly suggest you to ASK for a lunch menu because they were not offering unless customers asked.
2	Went there for dinner on a weekday.   The restaurant had 2 seperate couples having dinner so it was pretty quiet.  The food was pretty good.  The spice level ranges from not spicy, medium, very spicy.  We ordered very spicy and personally I did not think it was very spicy, it still seemed a bit bland.  The chicken biryani is what we had and it was decent.  In terms of the prices and the amount of food you are served it does not compare.  We also had the Badam Lassi (mango smoothie w/ almond) the mango was VERY SOUR!!    I will/may go back only because it is very close and the food was decent.
3	Very friendly staff.  Amazing vegetable samosas!  Really cute and cozy decor inside.
5	We chose this restaurant because we wanted Indian food and this was the closest to Summerlin. I am happy that we did. Everything was delicious. Garlic nan, Samosa's with tamarind and mint sauces (made there), Chicken Curry, tender Lamb in a garlic cream sauce. Loved everything. My only complaint is that it took a long time to get the food out but it was worth it.
3	Good Indian cuisine. The service is great, the food is also good especially since it isn't the typical greasy style that some Indian food can be. Be sure to have the samosas and the potato chaat on the appetizer menu!
3	The garlic nan was delicious to start off with and the chicken curry and lamb mantra were excellent. I'll be ordering to go next time and enjoy the food at home bc the service awful.
5	The food & service here are as good as it gets!! Delicious, authentic, warm & kind waitstaff... I say go for it!! :)
1	I went for dinner with 4 other friends a few nights ago... The food was great. The service... well it wasn't intentionally bad I think but it was definitely lackluster. Immediately upon sitting we ask for 5 glasses of water. He brings 2 glasses, with no ice, 10 minutes later. We ask for ice, 3 mango lassis and a coke. 10 minutes later out come 1 mango lassi and 1 coke... still no ice and still missing 1 mago lassi and 3 waters. This is 30 minutes into sitting down. It definitely was not because they were swamped... there was only 1 other table seated in the restaurant. he eventually brought us the remaining beverages and took our order.We all ordered Chicken Tikka MArsala with varying levels of spice but what we got was Chicken Tikka Marsala all at medium level. It was plain to see that they just made one batch and tried to pass it off. At $15 a plate just for the Marsala... this is unacceptable. Actually, as I'm writing this review I'm deducting another star. 1 star for you Mantra Marsala. What poor service!
2	Welcoming and Nice Service.Food is too Expensive for the Taste.I would not rate this as the best Indian restaurant in Vegas. Its just one among many. so if you live close by there is nothing wrong to try this one.I am some one who give more value to the taste of the food than decoration so i am giving only 2 stars as i have experienced better places than this one.
4	A very quaint and intimate place to experience authentic Indian food. It had been years since I last tried Indian food and thanks to a special friend who is a regular at Mantra Massala, I was able to order with confidence and enjoy a great meal. I was pleased with the level of spices in the dishes. The service was at a slower pace than most other establishments, but it set the tone for the evening. No need to rush your meal, just sit back and relax. I loved the authentic dishes and silverware our meals were served on as well as the decor. I was a bit apprehensive about ordering too spicy of a meal, but I am happy to report that the next morning my tummy is feeling fine. I encourage you to try Mantra for yourself I think you will be pleased.
4	Forget the location....it is non descript, but the food.....wow, amazing food, you can detect the different spices used and there is little to no oil. The selection on the menu is not extensive, but ask the Chef if you want something that is not listed. They do not rush you and service is is okay. i owuld recoemmend this palce for good Indian cuisine. Try the mango lassi....to  die for....flavorful, tasty and refreshing.
4	good food, good prices and good atmosphere - all adds up to more than just good. try the "unnumbered" lunch special....13 bucks gets you a whole heap of tastes!
2	The place had horrible lighting and the place just seemed dingy. The waitress was nice, but we were the only ones in the restaurant which makes me a little weary. The food was overpriced for the quality that you received. I LOVE indian food and this place was way under expectation and my standard. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
4	Very taste, fantastic service! They pride themselves on no oil healthy cooking. Everything was delicious and you don't feel loaded down after your meal.  Make sure to get a mango lassi to wash all that yummy food down.
2	This review is more about the experience than the food. I ordered the Veggie Basil Curry. Now when I order something with that title I assume it will consist of mostly vegetables and a few other things maybe. Well imagine my surprise when I get home with my takeout, open the container and find a couple tomatoes 1 piece of potato and the rest is all beans, meaning everything in it was a legume. Due to the fact that I can not eat legumes at ALL right now, I could not partake in what smelled fantastic. I just wish I had known that it was not actually vegetables, and I would have simply ordered a different menu item.
1	Shame on the chef and this restaurant !!!!!!! Way overpriced for the size of dishes!!! Ordered $100 worth of food including the mantra mixed grill  over the phone,  but when I opened the boxes at home,  was shocked to see meats that looked like they have been chewed already !!!! Along with poor pieces of chicken was one tiny piece of what they call kebab.... I went back to the restaurant thinking a mistake was done with my dish and got nasty condescending insulting attitude from the so called "chef"  himself!!!!!  Worst dining both human experience I ever had!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Don't make the same mistake.... Eat somewhere ellse.....!!!!!!!
5	This place has the most amazing food! Start off with Popi-chat for an app. Then grab the Chicken Tikka Marsala with two orders of Naan Bread with and extra side of rice! Then finish it off with the most amazing desert....  Not sure what it is called but the owner made it for me.  It has two scoops of his he made pasatico ice cream and this amazing little warm ball of something....  OMG!  It belongs in a spa!  Not sure why but every time you take a bite (combine the two) it has this amazing taste that brings you back to a relaxing spa!  Enjoy!  I normally go once a week!
1	This place was very disappointing for takeout.  I ordered a garlic naan and chicken tandoori.  It came in a small, under-portion white box, but that was just the start.  The chicken was yellow and pink on the inside- no tandoor char marks, no complex flavors.  The onions were raw and uncooked.  Generally disappointing considering how good the photos look for dine-in.
1	Came here because it was close to where we live. The food was horrible. My wife and I are avid Indian food lovers. The prices are too high and the quality of food is not up to par. Ordered chicken tikka masala and veggie khurma.  The masala tasted watered down. The khurma had no taste and had strange veggies in it for the dish like green beans. Couldn't call this place authentic. Would not recommend to others. My 2 cents. The search for a good Indian food restaurant continues for my wife and I. This was the first place in Vegas we tried.
1	I'm only giving one star because I have to to be able to rate the business. Ayayay where do I start ???"Veggie" khorma had legumes in it and tasted nothing like a khorma.. no cauliflower, no potatoes, no green peas... -_-Chicken tikka Masala was heavy in cream...lacking spices.. cream is cheaper than spicesRice portion was a 3oz dish (from a nearby Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino ((yes we flipped it over))) -_- my husband is 6'5 280lb. (we've never had this prob anywhere else)Raita (yogurt) portion was more than the rice, but it had water mixed in and the seasoning was way off...no cumin, too much  anise seeds, no cucumbers or carrots or spicesFood was yucky, expensive, and miniature. No buffet?!?!?! wtf? that's like an indian rest. stapleOH AND...WE COMPLAINED TO THE WAITER, HE SAID OWNER WILL BE IN LATER... and there was nothing he could do....as we were leaving, the owner came and our waiter told him our problem...he said give me a min...my husband said we're obviously not important enough so we left and I'm now venting on here... shoulda' caught me at the door buddy-boy!A bit of background ...I've probably ate at more Indian restaurants around the world than anything else.I had an indian restaurant cater my 150 party indian-themed bridal shower - (restaurant sales went up 20% in the following 6 weeks because my guests loved their food)
2	I was craving Indian food and this place was close by the office so I thought to give it a try though a co-worker had a less than positive experience on her visit. I had the lunch special #2 (chicken tikka and spinach puree with legumes) and ordered to-go. The online menu states that soup is included in the lunch special but when I asked about it they said "not for to-go orders" that stipulation was not stated on their website. The person who took my order seemed a tad bit confused and did not really understand what I was saying.When I went to pick up, my food was waiting in a "locker-type" container and wasn't that hot. I opened the styrofoam box to find HALF a piece of naan. As a fan of Indian cuisine I was most looking forward to this part of the meal. The naan was thin and simply O.K. The portion was a bit small for $10.00; only 3 pieces of chicken and about a table spoon of veggies. The basmati rice lacked in flavor and disappointed as one of my favorite parts to Indian cuisine.All in all it satisfied my instant craving for Indian food but would not go again due to the portion size and lack of flavor. It was the epitome of the "2 star" rating: "Meh. I've experienced better."
3	Good food, nice ambience and  friendly wait staff, but manager needs some anger management skills.We were having a wonderful dinner and asked the waiter to leave the drink menu.  Shortly afterward, the manager came by in a hurry and snatched it up off our table.  He then screamed at our waiter for not removing it earlier.  As the waiter stumbled with words, we interrupted and explained to the manager that we had asked that the drink menu stay.  He apologized to us and then continued to berate the waiter for not letting him know our request.The manager also had a nasty habit of berating the wait staff on the dining room floor, in front of customers.  We were sitting on the opposite side of the dining room and could easily hear him.  We would have had a wonderful time, if the manager didn't make us feel so uncomfortable for being there.  What an awful way to treat your help.
5	Really loved this place. Everything was delicious, would definitely recommend the lamb korma curry and the tandori chicken. The rice pudding was excellent. I know rice pudding is normally just pudding, but this had something extra. Food tastes "clean" not overly greasy, heavy, or huge portions.
5	The perfect chicken tikka masala I have had in a long time. Slight tinge of sweetness to the spiciness. Was heavenly with the garlic naan.
3	Good food, however, the portions are small.  I go there a few times a months due to the fact its the only Indian food in the SW area which is where I live.  I  really like the chicken tika masala and the malai kofta ; I had some of the appetizers as well and they are all fried and doesn't go very well with my healthy diet.  I would recommend  Mantra Masla if you are in the area and craving some Indian food but I think there are much better restaurants in town such as Mount. Everest.  Hope this review helps.
2	They need to add dark chicken curry to their menu.
5	My favorite Indian restaurant. Great food and awesome service. It's a small place and tends to be really quiet. It's definitely a hidden gem!!
5	Ate here for the first time tonight, and I was completely blown away.  The food was excellent. I had the  Saag Paneer, and loved it.  The cheese and yogurt is made there at the restaurant, and the portions were the perfect size.  Not too big, and not too small. The ambience would be great for either a date, or just for a nice night out, and prices were reasonable.I highly recommend it, and plan to be back soon myself.
4	Very authentic Indian restaurant. Really enjoyed the food but nothing out of this world to die for. The interior decor along with the choice of music could have matched the restaurant theme very well. Very pleasing experience all around.
2	I was craving for Indian food that's why I'm here, had chicken curry and cauliflower with potato , they both taste the same , not much favor , not the best Indian food I ever had....
5	Amazing food! Have been here twice. Very intimate setting, good service & great food. Garlic & spinach Nan was so yummy! So is the chicken tiki masala.
4	Good Honest Food! My wife and I are both vegetarians and really enjoy the vegetarian menu.  Every time we go we have good service and great food. I have never had anything to complain about.
2	Went here for Mother's day since it was close to home and we were craving Indian.  I've had Indian food all over Vegas and this was one of the worst experiences.  I really wanted to like the place as I love to support local mom and pop establishments but this was quite disappointing.  We ordered the chicken korma, lamb vindaloo, veggie samosa and some garlic naan.  The chicken korma tasted off and was really oily.  The lamb vindaloo also did not taste like other vindaloos we've had, this tasted a little too tangy.  The garlic naan tasted like it was reheated in a microwave so it got hard and chewy once it cooled down.  The only saving grace was the vegetable samosa, which was filled with potatoes and peas and had good flavor.I wish I could say that I'd try this place again, but I think I'll just drive further and go to the Mint or India Palace for better indian food.
4	We have lived in the area for awhile now and always drive by. I read some reviews and was a little worried but we decided to try anyways. I'm so glad that we did!!We got there right after they opened for dinner so we were the only table there for a little while. The decor was pretty cool and calming. The music was pretty calming as well. Our server was attentive and our food was absolutely delicious!! It wasn't busy but it should be. We will definitely be going back!
5	This is a great place for Indian food. It's one of my favorites in the valley. It's a little on the pricey side, but well worth it! Every dish I've ordered has exceeded my expectations. Will always come back and dine again, great experience and meals.
5	Okay so this is the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas and all of the states (yes, Boston are included). Here's why:1. Gorgeous decorum- nothing kitch or subpar here; private dining booths are the most romantic in the ornately woodworked dining area.2. Impeccable service. We have been here four times so far and have had the same server, he provides an upscale dining experience with a level of class and respect that took us aback at first. Casual attire and highly affordable, this place makes you feel valued every time.3. Awesome food! Always cooked to perfection; we usually order Samosas and Pagdi Chat ( sort if a citrus, fresh and healthy take on nachos is the only way we've come to describe it to people), Garlic and spinach naan, Chicken Tikka Masala and Sag Paneer. Portions are excellent! you see a relatively small dish initially but soon find that it feels never ending. 4. extensive wine selection accompanied by a proper presentation always puts the icing on our healthy and flavorful meals.5. Spice range is well explained and the raita is a great balancer.EAT HERE ASAP. We are in love :) Total bill for items listed above before the wine was $43. seriously, amazing!!!!
5	Soooo my husband and I just relocated here to Vegas from Atlanta and we love it here. Just so happens that I had a taste for some indian food. So I found this on yelp. This is literally 5 minutes from my house. The food was delicious. I got the tandoori chicken, vegetable samosas, naan bread, then I desired something a little sweet so for dessert I had the galub jamun (which were great, just simply two small round balls drenched in rose syrup). This place has a very nice small intimate setting and everyone is nice. Can't wait to go back!!!I will try the chicken tikka masala!!!!!!
1	The food lacked flavor and was really bland!!!  I had the tandoori chicken and my wife had some type of masala. Both dishes didn't look the right and didn't have the right seasoning or taste. It's was a big disappointment, especially since she is pregnant and craves good Indian food.  My wife and I have been very fortunate to have Indian friends in LA show us great food, so we think we can tell what is good and what isn't. The only nice thing is the service was good. I should have known something was wrong when there were on four people ( two couples) including my wife and I.
1	Food is good but to say the portions are small is putting it mildly. Lets say they are insulting. Each entree comes with rice - a tablespoon of rice- we were 4 and had to buy a bowl of rice.  Drinks such as mango lassi or iced tea are between 6 and 8 ounces and not refillable, entree dishes are 1/2 to 2/3 the size of the norm anywhere in the valley. Nan is lacking-rubbery. I guess thats why @7 on a Friday night there were to tables occupied (including ours) and one couple at the door. The check is normally for services rendered here its more like a charitabke contribution.
3	This place was unbearably hot and felt very muggy. Naan bread was the best! Had the chicken tikka Masala and made the mistake of not ordering it spicy because it lacked flavor and tasted bland and boring. We ordered sauce on the side that was absolutely delicious and apparently it was the sauce that's normally on that dish. When we asked for more to dip our naan bread in, the waiter was annoyed. Ordered a few appetizers not worth remembering. Probably won't be back.
1	Terrible tomatoey vindaloo.  Terribly overpriced and the charge 3.75 for rice with your dish.  Who did they bribe to win a "best of lv" award?
1	This is the worst indian place I have been to in a while. No flavor in any dishes- when selecting a spice level of 7/10, you would expect some taste in a dish. The chicken tikka tandoori was horrible,  it smelled as if something was rotting. most indian restaurants marinate chicken well, this one seems to have bypassed that stage altogether
4	So, SO good. I'm new to Las Vegas, and was craving Indian food tonight. After dinner tonight I am completely satisfied.We started with the samosas - delicious. Crisp on the outside, a little spicy on the inside, and whatever that green dipping sauce was - yum. :) Dinner was the Chicken Tikka Masala and an order of the plain Naan.   My boyfriend and I decided it was he beat naan we have ever had. (Not to say we KNOW Indian food, but we have had enough to compare!) I loved the spice to the Masala too. I ordered mine medium-hot, and it was perfect. The only thing I'd say that could improve after this first trip would be the service. It was a little slow, my water ran out a couple times (spicy food + small water glasses = water refills for me), and one of the employees (family-owned I'm assuming) had a phone that kept ringing which was a little annoying. However, I'd say if you order an appetizer, you'd be fine. I'll definitely be back!
2	Both I and my wife were  very, very disappointed by lie bestowed upon us by server of Mantra Masala, when we visited Mantra Masala yesterday, the 9th of October 2014We had ordered kulfi and kheer. What was served was vanilla ice cream and  something which resembled and tasted like reheated porridge.When we spoke to server he insisted that what he had served was kulfi. When I told him that I had taken kulfi dessert throughout my life and that I would recognize kulfi when presented to me he backed down and accepted that what he served was not kulfi but vanilla ice cream and that he was not being truthful. After this lie, I did not want to speak with him about reheated porridge like item served as kheer.Not only did he not apologize but also billed both deserts.The lie was conduct unbecoming.  If we were naive, unsuspecting clients, he would have taken us for a ride.This experience was disappointing to say the least.
5	The chef really cares about the food he puts out. It's delicious, and the environment is so serene. Makes me want to nap after I eat like a piglet :-)
5	Never really enjoyed this type of cuisine but it's my wife's favorite. So after eating here multiple times I really enjoyed it. So one night my wife (4 months pregnant) called for an order to-go at 9:45pm (and they close at 10) they were more than welcoming to complete our order and when I arrived 20 min later they were extremely nice and happy to have the business! Food was amazing and will come back over and over for my new found style of food and welcoming business.
5	I grew up eating indian cuisine all over California so I have a love for it. Mantra masala is one of my favs. I've eaten here plenty of times and I've NEVER been disappointed. I order ToGo more often because of my kids and it's still as good and fresh as when we dine in. I feel like other places I order to go, I get home and the food is thrown together or wrong because they don't care and know I can't complain since I'm home. But not here!! Most importantly is always great service and owner whom appreciates our business. I always get 2 orders of garlic nann, basamati rice, chicken tikki masala and chicken sagg (creamy spinach). Like I said, these dishes are always on point!!! I can see how people think portions are small or over priced, but then again you see the price before you order.. So people you can't complain about price!!
4	We were wary of this place after seeing the less than ideal ratings but our fears were unfounded!!My husband and I are vegetarians. We eat Indian food several times a month and we've had it even in Asia.We ordered the onion bhaji (4/5), vegetable samosas (3/5), garlic naan (5/5), paneer tikka masala (5/5) and malai kofta (4.5/5). One thing we didn't like is that the rice that came with the curries were just a wee bit. If we didn't have naan, it'd have been insufficient.Dinner for 2 came up to just under $48 excluding tips. A little pricey especially for the location and quantity. But we will come back again because it's close to where we live.
3	This place food is a little better on taste. However Indian food always tends to be on the over priced side. But this place was way over priced and the portions were way too small. Listen to what I'm saying REALLY SMALL PORTIONS paid about $50 and didn't even leave full and only two diff on trays. But food was ok.
5	Tapan Bose is the Chef here and has always given me food that is bar none some of the best Indian food I've had. Being an Indian, and knowing Indian food- I can recommend this place to anyone with a hungering for desi cuisine.
2	Not impressed. Got chicken tikka masala and garlic naan...20$...I stopped eating because I'm super picky about meat and the chicken was weird random pieces unclear what was going on(I almost feel like some wasn't even chicken)...I like clean meat that has no extra ufo stuff attached to it and that's not what I saw :(
5	garlic nan = yummytikka masala = yummymango lassi = yummySamosa's  = yummyi think the only complaint would be that near the summer time, the a/c wasn't on very strong. oh well, yummy food!
4	Went to this southwest area restaurant for some Indian cuisine. I must first admit that I have only eaten Indian food one other time in my life. However, the friend that I brought with me is very knowledgeable about what to order and what to expect as she has been to India several times. We enjoyed the Samosas and dip which was very good. We also enjoyed chicken tikka masala, vegetable jalfrezi, basmati rice and garlic naan. All were very delightful & there was nothing left over, that's for sure. We ordered the wonderfully refreshing Masala Chai. It went down great on a cold winter's night. Our service was friendly, attentive & very eager to explain anything that we had questions about. The ambience at the restaurant was perfect for relaxing and enjoy some Indian music in the background.i will definitely go back to this establishment as there were a number of items in the menu that caught my eye.
1	So me and my girlfriend decided to order from here. I was shocked and appalled at their food quality. Their food tasted watered down and bitter. This is not authentic indian food in anyway. Im sure the chef is not anywhere close to indian either. $60 in take out and all we felt is sick and angry. Mixed grill is the biggest joke of all, garlic naan is like garlic chips and the guy on the phone didn't know what keema naan is!!!!! Don't waste your money
