5	Tick Tock, TIck tock... and no I'm not talking about my alarm clock. I am talking about my ticker. that's right, my own personal ticker!  I just went in for my annual physical and to my surprise my EKG came back abnormal.  I then proceeded to get chest x-rays and additional blood work done.  After consulting with several medical experts, I called up tri-city cardiology and scheduled the next necessary test which was an echo cardiogram/ultrasound for my heart.  They got me in right away and were extremely professional and polite on the phone.  They even had an automated call back so you didn't have to wait in line on the phone to make an appointment. Obviously they are highly recommended.  I had the privilege of working with Dr. Berkowitz who reviewed the ultrasound and other basic tests and he was a complete gentleman.  He was well informed of what was causing my "irregular heart test" and made me feel at ease.  Fortunately, I am going to live ladies and gentleman and feel great. In fact there is nothing wrong with me (as far as my heart goes)!  Anyhow, I would highly highly recommend this group of cardiologists and their support team. They put me at ease, my doctor was extremely knowledgeable and I wouldn't hesitate to go back in the future.  What a positive experience.ZAck
1	I was not satisfied with Tri City, I went in for A-fib the Dr gave me a 30 day heart monitor. The monitor did not work, I told the dr the thing was reading a heart beat even while it was unattached and sitting on my kitchen table. He told me to keep using it and never thought about replacing it. I was ordered to do a stress test, when the results came in the Dr said my stress test was normal and suggested they proceed with fixing my corroded artery if not then they would discharge me. That surgery never happened because I refused that surgery. I then went to the Biltmore Cardiology in Phoenix they read the same stress test and the Dr there said "I hope they had the wrong test because your test results came back FUGLY" they set me up for another test and a week later ordered an ablation of my heart and I have been symptom free for 2 years now. Tri-City is use to dealing with old people that will let them do what they want, when they want and not challenged. I do not suggest them at all
2	Very nice and efficient office staff.  Long wait.  I wasn't impressed with Dr. Stern. Doesn't listen well and dismissed any concerns I had.  Because I am active and don't have a history of problems, I was made feel like it was silly that I had scheduled the appointment.  I am active but have been struggling to maintain my acitvity level.  Wouldn't recommend this doctor.
1	All the offices are packed with people and is never easy to get an apointment right away. The front desk people are rude and lack of compassion and understanding and they just want to have a reason to reschedule patients. I never go back to this practice again.
5	This is a very large and succesful practice. I was extremely appreciative of my former group who are no more. Tri city is tops where it means something.My experience with possibly 20 people including two or three doctors has been all AAA+. Efficient, pleasant, knowledgeable, excellent communicators, modest, straight forward. I am not the easiest   patient to deal with. To be remembered by a few people is unheard of. The highest complement is they are well balanced. Good business practice with humane touch would seem to indicate they are going to stay in business for as long as I am around.There staff do not look haggard and probably sincerely enjoy  their many responsibilities. I have been a patient for a couple of years and probably 20 visits?
1	I saw Dr. Kahlon. He barely looked at me and preferred to talk into a recorder in the computer. I received almost no information from him about my condition although I had been in the hospital. (My insurance did not cover the cardiologist I had seen at the hospital.)  If I had not read about my condition online, I would be in the dark. Kahlon has no bedside manner. He was dismissive and acted almost like I was wasting his time. I changed cardiologists.
1	Been here a couple if times with my grandmother before, it's always packed and running 15 minutes behind schedule. If your appointment is at 8:30am, they will not get you in a room perhaps 8:50am. Then once you get a room you wait 20 minutes to see a doctor. Last visit, I accompanied my mom of 53 yrs. who got sent by her primary doctor because he was concerned for her because she had been having a high heart rate. We waited 25 minutes after her scheduled appointment then another 20 minutes for Dr. Stern to arrive. Once he arrived he was not a pleasant man at all. He was rude, disrespectful and non empathic. Honestly never met such a old racist asshole. After that visit, I certainly did not allow my mom to reschedule. IN OTHER WORDS. DO NOT GO HERE. ITS DIRTY, PEOPLE ARE RUDE, RUNNING EXTREMELY LATE AND INCONSIDERATE OF PEOPLE NEEDS!  APPOINTMENTS SHOULD BE UNNECESSARY HERE, SINCE THEY NEVER LET YOU IN ON YOUR SCHEDULE TIME.
