4	Located in North Las Vegas off the Craig Road exit, it looks to me like another Rave Motion Picture theater.  It had stadium seating, 16 screens with digital projection (DLP from Texas Instruments) and the usual concession stands and such.  Essentially, if you've been to a Rave, this Galaxy Theatre won't be much of a change.
5	Clean, Comfortable and Nice Staff. We always have a great time when we go here.
2	My buddy and I came here to see the matinee showing of Inception today. The price was $7.75/adult. The lady in the box office asked us if we wanted D-Box tickets for the show, which were $15.75/adult. I asked her if it was worth it. She said it was and pointed to a demo in the lobby. We sat down and pressed the "Play" button. It was playing a preview of inception. The seats moved and had speakers/subwoofers. We both thought it was not worth the $15.75 and just got the regular seats.We were in theater 12, which was what I thought to be a small theater. A movie like this should be shown in a bigger theater. I'm not sure if this was the biggest room in the theater, but I wish I had went to watch this film somewhere else. We got popcorn and sodas. A waste of money but we had the munchies. The popcorn was cold. I would have went back and had them make a fresh batch, but the previews were starting already.
3	My hubby and I have popped into this place a few times in the past month. They are OK, nothing special but they get the job done. The basic matinee is a few cents cheaper than where I usually go. I tried the D-box and while I thought it was fun I certainly wouldn't see every movie this way. I like that the popcorn has a bunch of fun flavors you can put on it for no additional cost, the popcorn all by its self is just plain awful, the melted "butter" is beyond disgusting and smells like feet. Most of the time the lobby smells of burnt corn. They do have a little pizza that is pretty tasty. The last one I ordered came almost totally raw and I had to take it back. The gal who got me another one was pretty nice about it, though I did miss the beginning of my movie, which kind of bummed me out. The employees are nice but the parking is terrible. The theater is backed up to the sports book of the casino and has only 15 minute parking or handicap so if your going, leave early enough for the trek.
4	We visited here during our short weekend getaway in Vegas. The theater was bumping, yet there was plenty of parking in the structure considering it was a Saturday night. We were well taken care of by a manager on duty.  We saw 3D piranha in a huge empty theater...pure awesome.
3	I usually go watch a movie every week so it can get pretty expensive. This being said, I always go during matinee to save a few bucks. So when my husband suggested we watch Super 8 on D-Box, I hesitated because it is an additional $8 over the price of a regular ticket.This was our first time going to the Galaxy Theatre at the Cannery and I was pleasantly surprised by how clean it was. RIght in the middle of the lobby is a demo of the D-Box experience. The workers were friendly and escorted us to our reserved seats. We didn't buy any concessions snacks because we had just eaten.In the theater we were in, there were several rows of regular seats and a few rows of D-Box seats. I was happy to learn that only the reserved seats actually moved because I would've been pissed if the patrons who paid regular price switched to empty D-Box seats.D-Box is a really cool experience - kind of like Captain EO in Disneyland. You can adjust the power (light, medium, high or off). I set my chair to high to get the full effect. The action sequences were definitely more exciting because of the 4D experience but Super 8 just didn't have enough action to make it worth your money. I think a movie that is non-stop action like Fast 5 or Transformers would make D-Box worth paying for.
4	Tonight was my first time seeing a movie at the cannery and i was skeptical to say the least based on what i was told. After having a great experience after seeing transformers here tonight i really cant understand the negative comments i was given. Its a really clean and pretty updated cinema. They even have d box which was not available wgen i went but seems super cool. All in all it was a cool theater that i will be patronizing again in the near future.
3	One word....DBOX! I love this! the first time i did it was at this theater, and it is a little more pricey but totally worth it with the right movie.
3	pretty nice
4	The theater is very big like how all theaters are suppose to be. The only thing I did not like was that the seats were not that comfortable. I guess there was not enough cushion in the seats.
5	What can you say..........They said they would play the movie and they did!
4	I wanted to check out the hype behind Dbox. Since this place was like 10 minutes away from our house even better. The movie theater is well maintained and is modern when it comes to technology. I liked the idea that they have a demo chair of Dbox right outside for you to try out. So here's my account of Dbox:We went and watched "Men of Valor". Seating is assigned and based on availability. They even have an attendant that will take you to your seat. The chairs are quite comfortable and has a intensity setting. It enhances your movie experience by adding motion effects via your seat.Having Dbox on helicopter, plane, vehicle scenes added a new dimension vs. just watching it. I did enjoy it but would I do it again probably not. It was good to try it.
4	I'm pretty much a regular at this place because I enjoy the digital projection and high quality sound system that they have which I feel really adds to the movie watching experience. You pay a bit of a premium but lets be honest, the theater going experience is generally expensive so might as well go for a higher quality.
5	It's an older theater/casino.But went here to see a movie with my husband, our baby sitter is on this side of town.Big theater,nice seats. Return Factor: Sure
3	It was my first time coming to this theater over the weekend. I figured I would catch a movie while the family gambled (I luckily never got that bug!) My parents come here all the time as they get free/discounted tickets since they are regulars at the Cannery. The theater is clean and not too crowded for a Friday night-- LUCKY ME! Everything from ticket purchase (no kiosks here), to the concessions to the theaters themselves was efficiently run. I'll definitely be back to take advantage of this place the next time the family has the gambling itch.
5	I saw "Oblivion" the other day in the DFX auditorium of the Cannery's Galaxy Theatre.  DFX stands for Digital Fusion Experience, which is a wall to wall and ceiling to floor huge screen.  I could tell as soon as we walked into the theatre that this really is the "largest viewing experience in the region," just like the Galaxy website touts. And, it has Dolby Digital 7.1 surround sound, which just means it's nice and loud.  I saw the movie with friends at 5:00pm on a Sunday and, at first, there was no one else in the theatre--yay, for a private screening!  Some other people eventually came in, too.  Next time, I'll make sure we sit in the last row because that screen is so big.  I don't know if it was the theatre and all its bells and whistles, but we walked out of there raving about Tom Cruise.  I just know the movie looked and sounded spectacular on that huge screen.  A big plus to this theatre is the separate entrance so moviegoers can avoid walking through the casino.  Even though this is not near me, with the summer movie season upon us, I'll be back to see a blockbuster or two here.  They also have something called a D-Box theatre where the seats move with the action.  As long as I don't need to take Dramamine, I'll try that next.
4	I can make this one pretty simple since i have been here multiple times but never rated or reviewed it on yelp. I really like the theatre cuz it not very busy on the weekdays and that is usually the best time to go. not a lot of people in the movie theaters at all usually. it is clean and well maintained and the sound in the theatre is excellent. staff is good on friendliness and helpful. I recommend this theatre to my friends
4	Good theaters here...clean and not crowded at all.  We came to watch a week old movie or so on a week night, and there was almost no one else there...which is a good thing!Can't say it was anything better or worse than other theaters around town, but it is a solid place if you are on this side of town!  Maybe I need to check out these fancy auditoriums that others are mentioning :)
4	This is my go to movie theater because of the fact that it's really close to where I live. This movie theater has grown on me a little. I like how clean and inexpensive it is. It's also usually not too crowded except for big movie premiers and Tuesdays (I believe every Tuesday all movies are $6 for adults with the free rewards card membership)Parking here can be confusing for the first timer, I usually just park at the outer casino side, because the direct in front theater parking is limited to 30 minutes or something ridiculous. The staff here seem to be all young high school kids, but they have been trained well and are helpful and polite.They have a DFX theater (I-MAX knock off but equally as good) Sound and picture quality is excellent in DFX. They also have D-Box seating, which reminds me of those theme park 3D rides where the chair moves and gives you a headache as an added bonus lol no thanks. If you are into the chair moving side to side and shaking for 2 hours of a movie than go ahead and pay the extra $$ for it. I might seem very negative about this D-Box seating but I'm just giving my honest opinion on it.Overall a solid good movie theater, can't say much for the Cannery Casino next to it. I've never stepped foot in it.
2	Me and my broski Milkshake decided to hit up the movies at the Cannery casino. I've been here before but this time I HAD to write a review on it. As I walk in after 3 years since the last time I've been there, it still looks like straight out of povertymovietheaters.com. I stand in line to purchase my tickets and when I ask the movie clerk if they offered dat dere army discount he said "no, it's still matinee." Maybe freedom isn't free after all. Anyways, I get the tickets (which were just receipts) and head to the concession stand.  As we ordered 2 small popcorns, I decided to order a coffee. The teenager who didn't look like he even lifted a single weight in his life filled up one bag of popcorn. He then goes to the coffee machine and quickly comes back to tell in his exact words "I don't know how to work the F****in coffee machine." I was like is this real life and bertstare.jpg. The manager walks out and I knew she was one cuz she was wearing some poverty looking oversized black blazer from Ross. The skinny kid asks her if she could pour me the coffee instead. She said "no, its easy go over there and pour it." As she was saying this he's filling the second popcorn bag and spilling popcorn everywhere. I just started lol'ing.  The skinny kid said "just black coffee?" I was like yea bro. And my broski Milkshake goes "we only drink black coffee so grow some hair on your chest kid." I lol'd. We give the poverty receipt tickets to the dude and walked in. Perfect time because the movie just started. We sit. As I sit down in our perfectly picked out seats I grubbed on my popcorn and took a sip of my coffee. I'm a coffee connoisseur. I've studied what makes coffee good. This coffee tasted as if it was brewed earlier this week and they kept it in the coffee pot until I showed up. 10 minutes in and my coffee is luke warm. The wave of disappoint son suddenly disappears as I started to watch Elysium. I thought to myself, "why didn't I just get a water?" But then I thought, "I don't drink no poverty Dasani water from the movie theaters, only Evian water, which they didn't have."  There is no way I would even consider bringing my girl here on a movie date.                                      wouldratherwatchnetflix/10
5	Best movie theatre! it's close to where I live, it's never over crowded, and they're installing the lazy boy lounge chairs soon! they also have DBOX seats and DFX :) LOVE going here.
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. On the plus side, it's the closest theater to Nellis AFB and they offer a tiny military discount. With a galaxy rewards card, you can earn a free pass every other visit. On the down side however, it's a bit on the ghetto side. I come here weekly and there are always people that do not know how to whisper in the theaters and phones ringing frequently, more frequent than any other theater. Despite the tacky don't talk 'soooo you know what to do.....' message Galaxy has tacked on to the beginning of every movie, they don't even enforce it .Also, I know century theaters regularly shampoo their seats...galaxy does not. They have obvious nasty stain ridden seats in every theater.
5	We've gone to this theater habitually for 2 years and never had a bad experience. The staff is friendly and the theaters are always clean. We also have the Galaxy Rewards Card which saves us money every time we go. Bonus: You can get some really good margaritas in the casino before the movie starts.
4	Let me start by saying that I am a big time movie fanatic. When I get down time from work and school, your most likely gonna find me at the movies. I will drive the distance or pay the price to watch at a good place, this one just so happens to be really close to my house. I've always liked the environment at the cannery but yesterday, 8/26/13, it got even better when they added the luxury seats like the ones they have in green valley. These seats are beasts, you sink into them, you can recline to the point where you're lying down and watching the movie, with room to spare. North town we movin up in the world lol
2	Come here often. But today some old couple sat next to us and they both snored through the whole movie of galaxy. Ruined the movie. They are a stickler on cell phones, but people snoring and being distracting not so much. No refund. "Not a thing they could do"...besides that, nice theater. Popcorn had more kernels than popcorn. Luxury is nice besides the old people on a Sunday afternoon...
5	LOVED this theater! It was my 1st time in here experiencing the nice reclining seats. So comfortable! I like the fact that there was a wall separating each row. I didn't have to worry about someone's foot hitting my head ya know. And it's assigned seating so even if you come in late you know where you're going to be. Only got a soda from the snack stand so I can't say much on what they offer there.
4	I've been to the Cannery theater before, but this was my first visit since they have upgraded to luxury. I was anticipating jacked up prices, but was pleasantly surprised. Matinee prices were only $8.95 and the large popcorn and soda still come with a free refill. The luxury seats were extremely comfy and recline. They come complete with a cup holder and small side table. Somehow I managed to stay awake for the entire movie, which was a challenge given the comfort level of the reclining luxury seat. The movie, Last Vegas, was pretty good too and kept my interest throughout. The highlight of the day, though, had to be the guy that fell asleep in his chair right near the bottom of the stairs, with his hand still in his popcorn bag. Everyone in the theater got a good laugh on the way out. Lights on and people moving around, but he continued his siesta. Sweet dreams my friend. I will definitely be back.
5	Plush!They completely renovated the entire theater. The seats recline fully are comfortable enough for even the most discerning rear. This theater is as nice as the green valley galaxy theater.If you're in the north part of town, you have found your go-to movie theater.
5	Being able to lounge back and watch a movie like I am at home is amazing!!! Now if all theaters were like this people would go out more often!!! I love this theater! Just wish I didn't live so freaking far!!Thor was awesome as always....cannot wait for Captain America and XMen!!!!!
5	This is the only place I will go to watch movies anymore.
5	LUXURY + is an accurate description! Theater 16 had super comfy recliners- felt like I was in my own lazyboy chair, a larger screen- 25% larger than the typical screen, also had many additional speakers, even high up on the ceiling- you could tell the difference while watching the 3D movie. My husband said it would be pretty hard to watch a movie in a regular movie theater after that experience- and he even told the general manager that too, as we left. (He wants to go back there to see the second installment of The Hobbit series- at $2 additional to admission, it is worth it!)Lobby was pretty expansive. We entered from the outside parking lot (avoiding the casino). To the left side, was the ticket counter. To the right side was the concession stand. Beyond that, were one side of the theaters. (Don't forget the popcorn flavor sprinkles.)To the right, down the middle of the aisle, were the bathrooms, which were clean, and well-stocked BTW. All staff members were very nice and greeted everyone.On the Yelp Night @ The Movies event, this was very nice! Free tickets, free popcorn, free drinks, what else could you ask for? I was surprised that this wasn't a packed event. Granted, it's been a while that we've been to a Yelp Elite event, this was really appreciated. Thanks to the management at the Galaxy Cannery Luxury + as well as the YELP team. And, keep on Yelp'ing Yelpers!
4	We drive all the way from Summerlin to see movies in style here. The Luxury+ seats are comfortable and take the stress out of finding a good seat and getting there early. The popcorn quality here is MEH.  The dining options around in The casino is MEH.  (Not at fault to this movie theater - restaurants close at 9PM.)The comfortable seats and reserved seating are worth it. Ticket prices are less expensive as well and much appreciated. This is the future of movie theaters. The competition should be taking notes.
5	Now that it's completely transferred over to the luxury+ theaters, it's awesome. I went 3 times in 4 days recently and hubby & I are hooked. We'll gladly drive the 20-25 min down Craig to get there. More movies and screens than the Henderson location and the staff are wonderful. All our movies were nearly 3 hours long and the recliners were perfect, especially being 5 months pregnant.
4	I like the changes they made. If there's a long line at the box office or if you despise human interaction, you can use the kiosk that talks to you with an Australian accent. "Alo, mate! Would you fancy a walla-bay?" Well, it doesn't really offer you a wallaby but you'll know what I mean if you use the kiosk. I've had a bad experience with the kiosk though. I bought 3 movie tickets and I selected seats next to each other. Tickets were dispensed and one of us ended up in a different row. It's only happened once out of the 4 times I've used the kiosk.Assigned luxury seating is cool and it's only a few bucks extra for adult ticket price. You get a table with a cup holder and fully reclining seat...lots of legroom. I've fallen asleep for an hour while watching a movie - that's how comfortable the seats are. Great surround sound. The seats don't vibrate, just so you know. The theaters are clean and the floors aren't sticky/smelly.The concessions - just like anywhere else can be slow and expensive. $15 for a popcorn and a drink is highway robbery! But I love that movie theater popcorn so I willingly let them rob me.This is close to home and so is Aliante but I now prefer watching movies here.
4	I usually try to avoid heading up to north Las Vegas, nothing about this side of town really appeals to me. From the occasional kids up to no good to the abundance of homeless people harassing you. However, this movie theatre is quite interesting in the way it was set up. From the 3D motion seats to the luxury power reclining couches, everything here just screams comfort and relaxation! This might be a downfall for some though, laying back in these leather style chairs could very well put you to sleep! Only thing I didn't like is how you have to pay a booking fee if reserving tickets online but getting to an empty theatre made me wonder why I had done it to begin with. It's a nice and comfy venue but it seems they have trouble getting patrons to come, me and my girlfriend were literally the only ones inside, we took the chance to kick off our shoes, or run around the theatre while the movie was playing!
5	I drive 20 minutes to get to this theater. Why? Because it's pretty awesome. I've become addicted to the reclining seats, the wide aisles, the huge screen, and amazing sound in the DFX theaters. Prices, though slightly higher than say, Regal Red Rock, aren't too bad, especially considering the upgraded experience. Plus, if you're super picky about the perfect seat like I am, you're going to like the fact that you can actually pick your seat. See you there!
5	I've either lived or had friends in north town for the last several years, so this theater is one that I've frequented multiple times, so trust me when I tell you this is a place you want go be. Originally this was your run of the mill movie theater, even a bit on the dumpy side, and not anybody's first choice, but then they became a luxury+ and everything changed. For those who have been to the Henderson location, you already know the amenities. For the uninitiated, I'll make this short-recliners, so you can lean back -giant screens, like IMAX giant-beer and wine, because there's no situation made worse with those- really good hot dog bar. Like good enough to be its own spin off jointBest of all, the movies are the same price as everywhere elsePS: two random pluses that I likes but might not matter to most; there's an external entrance, so no need to go thru casinoAnd the have. Popcorn flavoring for free. It always annoys me the theaters that charge for it
5	Wow comfort, great popcorn, friendly staff and good movies!  What more could you ask for?The seats are full reclining.
5	My wife wanted to check this place out and I thought it would be expensive based on how it looked in the pictures, but it was only $11 per person. Luckily we picked a good movie because most of the movies coming out these days tend to suck, so I wait for On Demand or Netflix.Anyway, the theater was clean and if you don't live anywhere near the Green Valley location, this is a good alternative. All of the seats recline and there is plenty of leg room. If your'e already seated, you don't have to get up when people walk by, but you may have to put your legs down if you're fully reclined into the laying position.I'm surprised people don't fall asleep in here (I'm sure it happens). Everyone has their own small swinging table with drink holder attached to the arm. My favorite part of this experience is that you have to book your tickets online, but you can pick your seats and they reserve them for you. I was the first person to book our show time, so I picked awesome seats. Make sure you buy your tickets early or you'll get whatever is left over.
5	Huge comfy recliner? Check. Yummy food? Check. All that's missing is my throw blanket! (and the alcohol that is served at the Green Valley location)I can not get enough of this movie theater. The seats are roomy and comfy and when your seat is reclined there is still enough room for the fellow partaker to walk pass! Whoever came up with these style of seatings for a movie theater is a genius. Best of all...there is not an extra charge for this luxury movie experience. I am afraid it's gonna be difficult to go back to the basic movie theater. The staff here is amazing! They are informative, polite, and have excellent customer service. Once you go galaxy you'll never wanna go back to reg movie theaters.
5	The seat was both large and comfortable. I can't tell if all the seats are this good but the nearby ones appear equally delightful. I especially recommend J 15, and J 16. Recliners were slightly difficult to operate but the instructions at the beginning helped.
2	It's nice to choose your seats and have a recliner but had terrible service from a few employees that work there -one was the manager who let an employee cut in line just to give a 1 weekend notice and then when I didn't feel like hearing anymore of her story I just used the kiosk then when I realized not all seats are perfect in there I came to exchange them since it was so slow I didn't see a problem until another employee had to tell another long story to her coworker - the whole time I'm listening to these stories I see other workers just standing around not doing anything --- hope the theatre fixes this
2	Saw Divergent tonight at the Galaxy located on the Cannery property.  Three problems with today's experience:1). The online ticket purchasing system does not work on IOS devices.  (iPad, etc.). Mentioned it to the two "management looking" individuals working the desk.  RESPONSE:  "oh yeah...we know about that.  I think we are working on a fix."  Me "you may want to let folks know who are trying to purchase online". RESPONSE:  " glazed look in their eyes...."2). Watched the movie Divergent in theater #2 and about 20% of the screen was a different color than the rest of the screen.  It was show center at the 12 o'clock perspective of the client.  Mentioned it to the two representatives at the desk.  RESPONSE:  "oh yeah...we know about that.  We plan to get it fixed at some point."  Me: "it was kind of distracting watching the movie....".3). I also had two Chatty Cathies next to us.  No flow through of ushers to check on the audience.  Mentioned in to the representatives.  RESPONSE:  "glassy eyed look...."The Cannery is a nice property.  The Galaxy has a lot of potential.  There are choices in Vegas....I recommend you up the customer service angle as this customer may make an alternative choice next time.
5	Very comfy seats & great sound with good old fashion buttery popcorn UMMM the recliner seats are so worth coming been to other theaters & remember then why we come.
4	I love watching movies, but in the past, I used to dread going to a theatre to see them. The seats are uncomfortable, you're always fighting for the armrest with your neighboring stranger and you can't put your feet up without nearly kicking the person who's in that next row in the back of the head. And the prices...c'mon!Sure, the Galaxy Theatre is still expensive, even more then a standard theatre, but it's well worth the price. Even being the movie theatre scrooge that I am, I actually enjoy seeing movies at these and will gladly pay the couple extra bucks to do so and know the whole family is comfortable. It may even be too comfortable, my 5 year old fell asleep watching Captain America here! ;)In general, movie theatres are pretty dirty too. I'm happy to say in the handful of times we've been to the Galaxy Theatre, both here and Henderson, I've never had a sticky shoe situation. They keep the floors and the rest of the theatre clean, even the hallways and bathrooms. Can't beat that.They also have these D-Box motion seats that look pretty awesome. And once you watch a movie at one of these Galaxy Theatre's, you'll never want to step foot in a "regular" one again. At least, I know I don't!
4	What can I say...I like going to the movies and this is a great place to catch a flick!With the obvious advantages over a traditional theater like the reclining comfortable seats, to the food tray and extra large walk ways it is a no brainer to pick this theater to see a new movie.  The sound and picture quality is excellent and the few times I've been people actually seem to want to enjoy the movie they paid for and NOT be on their phones or chatting the entire time.Of course you still have the same wonderfully overpriced popcorn and drinks, but if you are going to pay for that anyway at any movie theater, might as well be comfortable and kick you feet up!Now if they only served alcohol!
5	This place will ruin you forever! After you come here with a reserved seat of your choosing, lazy boy chair, and alcohol at the popcorn stand you'll never wanna see a movie anywhere else. Believe me after seeing a few movies here then going to another place I couldn't wait to return here. Simply the best in town and I've been to the Henderson luxury theater as well and liked this one more. I live in West Las Vegas and it's worth the drive plus tickets don't even cost more then any other theater place is a steal.
5	Best movie experience of all time.  Last time I've been here was a year ago and they had the old style movie seats.  Now, I liked the improvement that they made on the seats.  It's recliner.  And they have seat trays on them.
5	If you're anyone who's anyone, then you know whats up at the Cannery! A new Luxury+ Theater in Vegas?!?! Well, it's true. Now I don't have to drive some 45 minutes, completely annoyed, to Hendo-land when I want to see a movie in style. Because that's what seeing a movie at a luxury theater is, seeing a movie in --STYLE--!! When you are seated at a regular seat at a Lux+ at the Galaxy, you are treated to a squishy, comfortable recliner seat that you can use all on your own. I suggest that you get your seats online, even though not a crazy ton of people visit this location yet, since the luxury part is still relatively "new". It will make it easier to choose seats and sit with whoever you came with--because no matter what anyone says, it IS sad if you watch a movie alone!!! Also, this is really the only seat in which you should be drinking alcohol! YES, other than popcorn and snacks, if you're 21+, you can purchase some beer or wine to take with you into the theater! Talk about a great experience! Just hopefully you remember your movie the next day ;) or so you can argue about the details at the end!Other options that the Galaxy offers is DFX and D-Box. -DFX: Bigger, better screen and better sound! -D-Box: Your seat moves along with the sounds of the movie, proving for a better experience!!!!! Usually only action movies. Can I just say...uhh D-Box is crazy FUN. It was a few 7-8 dollars more than a regular ticket, but I thought it was worth it for certain action movies that you are particularly excited for! I saw The Amazing Spiderman 2 in D-box, and it was just..cool. If there is an action movie I want to see next month, hopefully they offer it in D-box. It was just an experience. ALMOST like a ride. Almost. I do have a suggestion for Galaxy Dbox seats, they need something to support your feet off the ground. Because honestly, when your feet touch the ground, you lose a lot of the movement and feeling of the "ride". It WILL be strange, but if you do this, lift your feet up, you'll thank me :D!
4	If you love movies, then you'll love watching movies at Galaxy Cannery. My first visit to Galaxy was a few years ago. Back then the Galaxy Cannery was just another movie theater inside a casino.  The Galaxy Cannery has stepped up their game since then with comfortable, reclining, and luxury seating. There's so much space between you and the people behind or in front that you'll almost feel like you're watching a movie at home.  The reserved seating is great too, especially when something new and good is out.  TIP:  They enforce their strict cell phone rule.  Silence is golden!
5	I am spoiled now and will probably only view future movies at a Galaxy Theater. I don't live close to either one however I find the trek is worth it. The standard ticket cost $11 which is about the same as anywhere else. I usually go to see movies at The Palms which is $10.50 so no big deal. Unless you go to The Palms on a Monday when it is $5, anyhow lol. I love the assigned seating, I love the big spacious comfy lazyboy like reclining seats. I mean I was literally like laying down watching the movie! They have big trays where you can put your stuff as well.The staff is cool, the Theatre is very clean and the sound is Amazing as well.It was a fun experience and I will be back for sure!
5	I like it a lot you can even buy your tickets online and reserve your seat ...plus if you are a beer lover you can watch a movie drinking a beer !!!
5	Easily my new favorite movie theater!!!I always wanted to go to the luxury theaters in Henderson because everyone raves about it, but it's waaaaay too far from me. I live in Aliante, so the closest theater to me is in the Aliante Casino. I finally got to go here and omg, I died as soon as I sat in my chair! The fact that it's so cushiony, HUGE, and it reclines makes my movie watching experience 100 times better! Oh! And not to mention that the tickets are cheaper than Regal at Aliante! Only $8.50 for matinee and $11 at night. You get to reserve your seats as well, so it's that much better. Thank you for adding in the luxury!
5	If you haven't heard about this phenomenon North Las Vegas it's about time you hear about it. The old plain movie theater at the cannery has now turned into a luxury movie theater. What this means is you pick your seats and each one is a huge recliner. It is amazing I went there last night and I saw a sign that says they're going to be doing old movies on Sundays throughout the year. Now old means old for our generation like for example in August they're doing the breakfast club in October they're doing Ferris Beullers day off.  In December they're doing home alone. Doesn't that sound like fun???
5	I am super hooked on the Galaxy Cannery!  I am so happy they redesigned this location to have the reclining seats and offer alcohol. I love the great customer service and their zero tolerance for cellphone use! It makes seeing a movie so much more enjoyable! My husband and I always come here for date night or a day out for family time! I also love the fact that we get to be spoiled with the location right up the street from our house.
4	After seeing a movie with Luxury I don't know who would ever watch a regular movie... Ever again! It's amazing! Comfy Recliner seats, ginormous screen, hot dogs, & wine or beer! What more can you ask for? Very Clean. I usually bring a blanket with me and just let my feet up! Only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the lack of service when getting my drinks. They were slower than molasses! They need to pick up their speed when they have lines of people trying to make it to their movie on time. Also the last 2 rows have a wall in front of it so if you are short like I am you won't be able to see the full screen when you are reclined all the way.
5	Reserved Seating. Alcohol. New premiere reclining seats. Best. Theater. Ever.All they need now is to bring back Monday Night Football!
5	This is based on the luxury theater itself which is awesome.  Cost of the movie is still the same as others which makes it 5 stars for the leather reclining seats, assigned seating, table trays, etc.  It would only be 4 stars if I had to account for the highway robbery at the concession stand (1 large popcorn and soda $14  YIKES!!!!)
5	Overall: DFX ATMOS theater delivers the best sound of any theater and I would definitely recommend this experience for action films.Details:- Saw Transformers: Age of Extinction in DFX ATMOS 3D. The theater made the movie for me. Can't ask for a better delivery system for a Michael Bay film than a 65 ft 4K screen with ground-shaking sound- The theater was clean and the reclining chairs were comfortable. My only critique was that the theater was cold for me wearing sandals, shorts, and a t-shirt. I think I should have worn sneakers.- The 9 am showing was greatly appreciated. I was able to finish the 3 hour movie before lunch.
5	Beer and wine. Assigned seating. Recliners. More leg room. Need I say more? After coming here, I refuse to see a movie any other way.
5	Wow,  reclining seats with electric leg rest, gigantic screens, beer and wine sold at the concession.  I'm sold!   They had me at "alcohol".
5	The best way to watch a movie specially long movies is at a luxury theater like this one.  We used to live 2 miles away and now moved like 12 miles away and would rather drive a bit further to be much more comfortable.  It's almost like watching tv in bed, almost.  With the spacious reclining seats and tray for food/drinks, I don't know if there could ever be something better.
5	Two words: Luxury sitting! Reclining chairs, snack trays, and reserved space! This is the second time that I've been to this theatre since they've renovated. All I can say is that they've stepped up their games by A-LOT. Prior to their renovation, the hubby and I would come to a ghost town, which was good for when we had to bring the baby, :) but not a very "hopping" place to be. Plus, it just looked dirty. Now, they're always jam packed, and it seems that it's always so no matter the time of day. Looks cleaner too! Of course, the down side is that you gotta get here early or, more than likely, they will sell out FAST. What's partly to "blame" is that they reserve your seats (another selling point) which is a big plus since now you don't have to be here super early, waiting forever, to get the best seat. Overall, one of the best theaters in town! Gotta check out the one in Henderson next :).
5	Best theater in town hands down! Very friendly staff! My boyfriend and I always go to this theater because it is definitely the best way to experience a movie!
5	I hadnt been here in a very long time and I love what they have done with the seating arrangements! You get to choose your seats but the best part is that they have recliners with a lil table for you to put your food and drinks. The only thing I dislike is that its way too cold!! I know the temperature is over a hundred degrees outside but man I want to enjoy my movie without thinking the whole time that I should have taken my sweater! The good thing is that now I know! So I will sneak in a small blanket next time:) . . . Medium drink, medium popcorn, & beer $18ish. Movie tix are $11 for adults.
5	Best place ever!!!! Not a bad seat in the house but make sure you are not on a budget! Lol. You'll want to grab a beer or wine with those humongous hot dogs! Selfish. Might as well get the full experience while u recline your seat. Also, incredibly roomy! Clean & associates are super sweet! How's that for mustard?! Lol
5	It's hard to top a theater complex that has tiered seating, fully reclining faux leather seats with leg rests at no additional charge, large movie screens, a well-stocked snack bar, clean restrooms, 3-D capability, and even available D-box moving seats.  Because Galaxy at The Cannery has all of these features and more. Diane and I have now enjoyed three pleasurable moviegoing experiences here.  It is a first-rate place to view just released films, at a slightly higher price than most Las Vegas valley movie emporiums, but well worth the extra tariff.  The only mildly discordant note I observed was that a small part of the screen in Theater 2 had a filmy look resembling a patch near its top, close to midway across.  Only rarely did I consciously notice this, however, as the plot played out before me.This is a superior movie theater complex in all respects!
5	Our favorite theater HANDS DOWN. We are movie theater snobs because of those darn recliners!!! We went to Santa Fe's theater on $5 Tuesday and as cheap as it was we fot what we paid for boo!. We will pay the extra and stay with our favorite theater GALAXY Canery!!!
5	My wife and I loved the Galaxy Cannery. This theater isn't quite an ultra high-end movie-going experience, but it offers enough high-end amenities (and without the high-end ticket prices) to make it a worthwhile place to see a film. Features include faux leather seats that fully recline, beer and wine available for purchase, assigned seating, and a strict policy against cell phone usage during the movie. While there is no actual food/drink service or bar area like the iPic Theaters chain, it's also a lot more affordable ($8.50 for a Sunday matinee). Buying tickets online was easy and it was great being able to reserve seats; no need to stand around in the dark trying to find a place to sit, just go to your assigned row and seat. Since we were seeing a movie that had been out for a few weeks, it wasn't crowded at all. I'm sure you'd have to buy your tickets early for opening-night or first-weekend showings. Inside it looks pretty much like your standard movie theater. Walk in, order your tickets (if you haven't already done so online), and buy your snacks. The concessions include popcorn, candy, hot dogs, and beer and wine. I loved the on-tap selection. My wife opted for a half glass (cup) of Simply Naked Moscato, while I went with a 32-oz Stone IPA. I was set to buy the 20 oz, but the young lady at the counter did a great job of upselling me: "For only $2 more, you can get the 32-oz." Well done!My wife and I easily found our comfortable seats, fully reclined, and enjoyed our popcorn and adult beverages. The picture and sound were just fine and it was an excellent way to beat the heat in Las Vegas. Highly recommended.
5	Best place ever!!!! Not a bad seat in the house but make sure you are not on a budget! Lol. You'll want to grab a beer or wine with those humongous hot dogs! Selfish. Might as well get the full experience while u recline your seat. Also, incredibly roomy! Clean & associates are super sweet! How's that for mustard?! Lol
5	My favorite spot.. Best seats a little pricey but it's the movie theatre standard. The nachos are good and they give free refill on popcorn and soda (L) sizes. However try and get your tix before you get there... You have to pick your seats and if you go at the last minute you might not get the seats you want. Couple of weeks ago we went to watch guardians of the Galaxy, we had to sit in the very first row, it was good that the seats are bomb and recline all the way back but seriously who watches aMovie at the theatre from the first row (closest to the screen)... The staff is awesome btw.
4	Love the luxury recliners and that they serve beer and wine. The staff is extremely friendly and professional. The clientele is a bit sketchy so be aware.
4	Theater is awesome with plush recliner seats. Love the pick your seats so no rush to get in to find a perfect spot.
5	I love this theatre, not only do I live super CLOSE to this location but every staff member I have had to deal with aside from one older gentleman has always been AMAZINGLY Sweet. I know its in that part of town that many of us "locals" find to be Ghetto especially since its associated with the dreaded Craig Road and the Cannery but let me just say now that it's gone Luxury it is worth the risk of coming to the bad side of town.  I have a busy life with two children and can't plan my movies over a week in advance and to be able to get good seats at the luxury theatre in Green Valley that ALWAYS seemed to be the case. Here at this location all I need to do is just know the day of or at most the night before if it's a highly anticipated film and I can always get my Back Row Center theatre seats no problem.  Not only is this theatre not over priced but they have a REWARDS card that if you don't have a Galaxy card.. DO IT! you earn free concession credits or if you are like me you hoard the points until you get a "free" ticket.  I find the best concession bang for my buck is usually the kids pack because I can't eat as much popcorn asI would like but be warned they have all the free little seasonings that you can add to your popcorn so if you are a chunky monkey like me you may want a bigger size. If you get a Large drink you get a free refill. Since this is a luxury theatre they also sell some beer and wine. I don't usually partake as I prefer to enjoy my movies and I am a light weight. I love the recliners and if I had booze I would pass out I am sure.  As far as getting tickets you can reserve your seats ahead of time online but they charge a fee for the EASE of purchase... If its something I really care about seeing in prime seats I usually pony up the 1$ a ticket but I often times just drive to the theatre and purchase the tickets directly. I am also happy to report they offer Military Discounts on tickets so if you or your mates are service members besure to bring ID because you get a "Sweet" deal on tickets. Last but not least sometimes the recliners don't work. Now it is a easy fix as long as you warn them of the trouble before the film starts but if you didnt arrive in time just go out and seek a manager and they will help you with no problem. Everytime I have had issues where I didn't get my rewards points or I had chair problems they fixed it and then some. I love this place and its great to be Queen!
4	Don't need to spit a gang of info. Hands down best theatre I've ever been. Super comfy, super clean, giant spacious seating with slick chairs that all recline. No space issues here, as each chair is a personal throne. Go enjoy so films. You won't regret it.
4	I love the recliners!! Every time friends come into town I always take them there! They are always highly impressed. The tickets aren't expensive, the snacks are moderate priced compared to the other theatres and there is a bar! What could be better?  Beer popcorn recliners and a good movie :) only downside is that I live so far away!
5	My husband only lets us watch movies here. there snacks are great, you pick your seat and lounge in it like home. my 7 year brings a blanket to cuddle. This place is great..
5	Offers the best theater seats in North Las Vegas. Recommend this theater over nearby Aliante Regal since you can reserve your seats online.
5	The best seat they fully recline and you still have room to walk by... Brutally honest about no cell phones they will kick you out and everyone with your party. Kick but real food and alcohol for adults. In addition to the standard goodies. Last weeks saw interstellar great flick this we matinee with kids. Big Hero 6 ... We have 6 kids and 3 adults ... Also has assigned seating so you can tack the munchkins.
5	After watching movies in these comfortable seats,you will never want to go anywhere else.I also love the fact that you get to pick your seats before you go in so you don't have to be early to get a good seat.
5	This is the best movie theatre around! I can't go to any regular movie theatre anymore after going here. This is where I will always be watching my movies from now on. The best row is J. Always try to book J or K. If you haven't experienced a DFX movie, it is a must!
1	I usually choose the Green Valley Location (5mins distance) now as we all know, the selection of seats can be easily done online. As a loyalty member I said: "well this movie theaters deserve a 30 min drive" since we were late to book at Green Valley, we chose to watch the MokingJay, I love this movies but what a disappointment to have to sit in sitting position because if you recline your chair at what I thought would be the ideal seat (driving 30 minutes for) you will find yourself looking at a small wall division in front of your seat. I saw it pointless having to pay all our tickets when we would of had the same experience or even better at a regular theater. I will be not be going back to this place for luxury seats. Maybe the Dbox witch I still haven't experience.
5	I love this movie theater.  It is my fav in Vegas (I haven't tried the new downtown Summerlin one yet though).  They always have a great selection of movies AND times.  We have probably seen about 6 movies here now, and the experience has been the same each time....all smiles!They offer reclining seats and the DBox experience.  We saw Transformers in DBox and to be honest, the moving chairs hurt my back more than they added to my movie experience.  :/The theater is consistently clean, not much of an odor (sorry but some Vegas theaters....eww) and well, the chairs ROCK!If you don't live in the area, it's worth the drive for the experience.  The only annoying part is that at the start of each movie, a theater employee comes in for a "talk".  Sometimes they try to be witty, which never lands its mark.  Ugh.  Just star the show please.  I know "turn off your cell phone, or you will permanently kick me out".....blah. blah. blah.
5	This theater has all the amenities of a VIP experience, but all at the same cost as a regular theatre. The concession stand has the same snacks and drinks as any other would, but they also have a bar with beer on tap and different wines to choose from, I didn't see any hard liquor though. They also have other snacks to choose from, like a personal oven baked pizza, hot dogs with sauerkraut and other toppings, yummy nachos, and more.I forgot to mention that when you buy your tickets you actually choose your seat location, so it's better to arrive early. Each seat is a leather style sofa equipped with a little slide in table and it's reclinable. They are a little more strict at this theatre, meaning no cell phones or they will escort you out.
5	Woo hoo I'm at big hero 6 and loving it.  Great seats, fresh popcorn and they serve beer and wine.  What a great way to watch a great movie.
5	Awesome movie theatre, I come here for the reclining seats and relaxing atmosphere. You must try the hot dogs, their toppings are delish :)
5	Comfy, leather, reclining seats! Feels like sitting on a cloud.Purchase your tickets online and choose your seats. All for the same price as a regular movie!
5	What a kick ass way to see a movie. Your butt in a cushy chair with the seat back munching on some delicious buttered popcorn. Prebook your assigned seat and you have no worries about getting here early to get a good seat. Price is reasonable compared to some others I've been to in SoCal.
5	Galaxy theater is the only place I will watch a movie! Unless I'm out if town. Cannery location is less likely to sell out of good seats compared to the Green Valley location. If it's your first time watching a movie here, I highly recommend purchasing tickets IN ADVANCE. Purchase your tickets online the morning of or the day before you visit the theater and print them at the kiosk.
