4	I had foot surgery to have pins inserted to repair a broken 5th metatarsal.  I have nothing but good things to say about the LV Surgery Center.  I was registered right after I arrived.  I didn't even been to take a seat and be called but rather sat down right at the registration desk right after arriving.Registration was quick, and I sat for about 10 minutes before an employee came to give me a few more papers to initial and sign and then I was taken inside.  My phone and insurance cards and license were secured for me.My surgeon had arrived early and he came to see me as they were hooking up the IV and getting ready to take me to the surgical suite.  After the vitals were done, I went to the surgical suite and before long, I was in dreamland.  I woke up in recovery.Everyone from the Center with whom I was in contact were polite, personable, and professional.  Friends drove me to the Center and brought me home and I was out of my house all of about 3 hours.  Not bad.Kudos to the people at the LV Surgery Center.
5	I did the registration online before my minor eye surgery, so registration was pretty quick, just my insurance cards, signing my life away in the case of a catastrophic outcome, and initialing that I had received the circular-basket HIPAA privacy notices.  You know HIPAA:  "Knock, knock."  "Who's there?" "HIPAA."  "HIPPA who?""Sorry, can't tell you."I was treated with the utmost courtesy, friendliness, and professionalism by everyone with whom I interacted.  The surgical procedure was carried out like a well-oiled machine, with no unnecessary waiting.  They removed the purple marker dot they put over my forehead beforehand to indicate the correct eye, even before I woke up!  I've been to a couple of other surgery centers, one other here and another in New Jersey; they were fine, but this one has been the absolute best.
4	Staff at this facility are outstanding. The online registration was convenient and easy to complete. Eliminated the stress of sitting in the facility trying to remember the information. Registration was simple..the nursing staff was very helpful and considerate. From check in to check out-  everyone was pleasant and professional.
5	Online check-in was very convenient. No more than 10 minutes from the time I walked in the front door until I was taken back to the pre-op waiting room. The staff were friendly and professional.  Procedure went off without a hitch thanks to an awesome doctor!  The post-op nurse was very attentive and patient. Even though I was the last patient if the day, she didn't try to "push" me out of recovery. I would highly recommend this facility.
