1	We had a reservation for two at 7:00pm, got to the restaurant and our table was not ready... They told us the people before were still eating!! We finally got our table at 7:15, our waiter came to our table not before 7:45-8:00 to get our order. I ordered a drink and I had to remind her after half an hour about my drink. Got our appetizer by 8:45, the waiter made a mistake in our order! By 9:00 (2 hours after we got here) we finally got our sushis. The Wasabi & Ginger next to our sushi had changed their colors, soooo dry that we couldnt seperate the layer of ginger... Sushi was ok, you can get the same sushi or even better ones at any "Sushi Shop" or "Sushi man" take out place. I rate them 1, because they have potential... Its a nice place but food and service Not so great.
5	perfect service from Kayla and great good
5	Great food and service
1	Im am sick today as a result of the smoke from cigarettes and cigars that  I inhaled from a group of people sitting in the middle of the restaurant in a glassed in room  smoking up a storm. Needless to say the smoke was permeating into the restaurant!! Beside the legality of the issue it showed a real lack of respect for the other customers in the restaurant as it  seems that it was the owner in the" enclosed" room!The service was awful and dishes kept arriving that were for another table and the people next to us  went as far as getting up to leave before they got served anything. Luckily we were a group of friends enjoying our evening in spite of the service and the smoke which got  increasingly worse throughout the evening.The food was  average .  Some warm dishes arrived cold ,sauces were mixed up etc...Too many excellent sushi restaurants in MOntreal  to ever warrant a return visit
4	Bought a daily deal coupon thing for this place and enjoyed my dinner very much.  Staff were friendly and accommodating and happy to accept my coupon deal and didn't treat me like a second class customer.Menu options were explained, questions about cocktail selections were answered and food was delivered promptly.Sushi was very good and tasted fresh.  Rolls were creative and overall were a good price/quality ratio while the warm sake really hit the spot.  I will be happy to return with or without a coupon in the future
2	The sushi was mediocre, borderline not fresh.  The maki rolls had some tempura something it it and it was rubbery and tasted the oil.   Really?  chewy maki rolls? Scary! The special roll came with a special mayo on top, as often the case, but had no flavor.  You may think that my taste buds were off somehow, but my wife thought it was just as bad. Can't be a coincidence...The lunch sushi special was $16 for 9 pieces.  I figured the pieces had to be really special and tasty for that price.  Was I ever wrong.  Soup was lukewarm and service unimpressive.  I give 1 star for the food and another star for the decor, about the only thing I liked at this place.  And that generous!So, not going back.  Sushi shop is 5 stars compared to this place
4	One of the best secrets of the city. Located in ville st Laurent you wouldn't think it's the gem it is. Always fresh. Great selection if you are with a non sushi lover. Service is decent and prices are reasonable!
4	First off , I have to say that the decoration of this place is more than just  nice.Once you enter the restaurant, the fragrance of planted flowers breeze across your nose.The look is based on a chic oriental decor, the contrast of the place was mostly red  covered .  Second off, we had   the chance to observe the preparation of our dish that kept us involved during the process.  The seats and tables were comfortable and every corner was welcoming and kept privacy.You have a choice to sit at the bar situated on the mezzanine or the main floor at wood  tables upholstered with red material benches.In their  menu , you have a variety of delicious Japanese dishes  presented in two parts.The first part is the menu with the different sushi they make and the second part is the main dishes menu.I enjoyed the principal chef specialities like Spicy Oba made of fresh tuna tartar wrapped in a spicy mayonnaise and caviar, presented on a Oba tempura leaf.The average price range is between 25-35$.Overall, I recommend this place for special occasions like dates, business meetings, a couple anniversary or not more than 2 people rendezvous.
1	Would not return. Extremely slow service, and treats you differently if you have a discount voucher. Avoid unless you are willing to go without a groupon or livingsocial voucher.
