5	I've always heard nightmare stories about birthday parties at Chuckee's, so needless to say, I was less than enthusiastic when J suggested having KB's party.  However, I was pleasantly suprised.  We were greeted promptly by our adorable party hostess, who took care of everything from set up, to serving the pizza (which was o.k. but come on, this is Chuckee Cheese-not a gourmet dinning establisment), to cutting and serving the cake and the clean up.  Our daughter got treated like a princess and we didnt have to lift a finger. Now that's my idea of a party.  Thanks chuck we will be back.
3	Chuck E Cheese....not for the faint of heart.  It's a mad house at these places and this one is right in line with that line of thinking.  Thank God they serve beer (even though you can only have 2 small ones and only 1 within an hour).  But the real reason you come here obviously is for the kids and kids love tokens and they love those little tickets.  Oh, and forget about the food, ugh, nasty.  If you are lucky enough to drop $50 and get 100 tickets you too can have a pencil sharpner, 4 stickers and a mini slinky. :)
4	What can I say about Chuck E Cheese's?  Well, the place has not changed much since I visited with my oldest two.  My youngest is 11 now and the GD is 4.  I do not miss having to visit this place.  I will say the kids seemed to have a great time.  I was coaxed to get on the little 3-person carousel...enough said!  I am SO glad I don't have to go back any time soon and I don't plan to.  The less time "I" spend in Chuck E Cheese's, the better for me.  However, if you have a little one, let them have some fun!
5	Children love Chuckee Cheese after like 25 + years of being around. My daughter had a playdate here today and she had a ball! Everything was super cleaned and salad bar was fresh. Also, even though they didn't have many workers during the day, we still were serviced quickly when getting tokens & food. Plus, there's always games for younger toddler age kids and older children. We ended up staying in there for almost 3 hours. Convenient location in Concord, too. Near Concord Mills.
5	Wow, by far the best chuck e cheese I've been too! It's the most updated and the cleanest one I've seen! The employees are on top of things.
2	Oh Dear Lord!  Can I get a Xanax?!For us parents this is a necessary evil.  Chuck E Cheese's, in my opinion, as a whole have gone downhill over the years.  It's just not quite what it use to be.  The now robotic Chuck E. makes the experience a little less special and the pizza leaves even more to be desired than it use to.  Nowadays, the staff can make or break your experience.  That and the parenting skills of the other patrons.  Sure, this is a place for your kids to be kids but it's not an excuse to let your child do as they please and run around screaming like an animal.  Do us all a favor and parent your child(ren).Will I return?  Absolutely!  I know the joy that my daughter gets from this place and I couldn't deprive her of that.  Will we ever have another birthday party there?  No way!  Incredibly overpriced and there's not enough Advil in the world!  The package 'upgrades' add dollars upon dollars to your final bill just to award the children with more plastic trinkets that are broken before the end of the party.  If they survive beyond the party, they are in the trash within a week's time.  I think the staff is hit or miss here and I think they could do a better job at keeping the place clean.  I also think they need to better position the staff at the front because on countless occasions I've had to stand at the counter waiting to be served.Why don't you serve beer!?!?!  Other locations do and I knew that would be the only thing to get me through a 6 year old birthday party!  Talk about disappointed!  What are you doing to me?!?!?  Selling beer is like selling sanity to all of the dads in the place!  Easy money!  You're losing out on so much business!  A golden opportunity to gain additional revenue.  Get it together Chuck E.
2	Apparently they are in the process of remodeling but I was very sad to see that they will no longer have the kids tubes and slide. This Chuck E Cheese is the closest to our home and I'd have to say it's one of the smallest locations we've ever been to.
4	Clean, brightly lit, lots of fun games for the kids. They love it. We go for the kids to play and have fun; not for great food or drinks! At least they have a salad bar!
