4	My new favorite consignment shop:)  I found it by accident.  Was actually on my way to Michaels and there it was.  I went in and to my surprise it was very BIG!  Of course like most consignment shops, 80% of the racks were for women. WOOHOO!  Every rack is organized in a neat manner.  Color and size coordinated.  Shoe collection was good...most of them barely used!  They had steve madden, bandolino's, ann taylor, etc.  Clothes were also in very good shape.  Found brands such as Banana Republic, Gap, Hollister, Abercrombie & Fitch, Arden B and Express.  Prices were reasonable.  Quite similar to Buffalo Exchange. Tops were around $8-$15 and Sweaters $15-$30.  The front of the store also had stuff for the house and furniture.  You should check it out! Pretty good find and they also buy clothes.  I asked the shop lady how often they stock and they said everyday so it might be my new weekly thing.  I joined the mailing list so if there are any sales I'll let you guys know. ENJOY!!!
4	I found this store completely by accident as well. I think I was on my way to IHOP or something, and BOOM there it was!The store has quite a selection of goods.  Mostly womens clothing, shoes, household items as well.  The front of the store is for the household goods, and the back half is for clothing.  I believe the racks are organized according to size, which means you don't have to rifle through to try to find your size! I think this place is great! Awesome selection with a wide range of sizes, prices seem fair, and its in a great location.
4	OK as of today it is fall because I deem it so. Done, on go the wool trousers and burgundy turtleneck with a nice brown leather heel and a lovely oversized bag to compliment....Yes, I've deemed it fall and I intend to dress to impress. Now the unfortunate premise about my decision that fall weather is happening, besides the obvious fact that it is 103 degrees at all times of the day or night, is the price tag attached with this raving lunatic of a decision. Sure it is all well and good to make irrational decisions based upon nothing more than egomania until you start hitting the pocketbook and really that is were the fun stops! My answer - Turnstyle, tucked between the Federal Express and Sally's Hideous House of Beauty Supplies right off the I-10 and Ray. Not much on the designer bling, forget your Gucci, Prada or Chanel, think more Coach, plenty of Nordstrom Signature, Banana Republic, INC, Gap, oodles of Ann Taylor,  Nine West, and Anne Klein. Prices are great on the clothes, just soo soo on the shoes, I mean really they are used shoes, who is going to be paying $20 for used Nine West...? Another plus, does not smell like Fre-Breeze. A refreshing fact for this consignment junkie. Just like the retail stores, Turnstyle trots their fall wear out end of August - nothing more than 2 years old in style - so you too can start believing it is fall simply by dressing the part and lunacy will not hit you in the pocketbook...
4	I don't have a lot of patience when it comes to shopping, so I usually avoid used and consignement stores due to the aggravation of sifting through a ton of junk to find anything good.  But after reading the other Yelp reviews of Turn Style and realizing it was right down the street, I decided to check it out and I'm sure glad I did! The store is very well organized by color and by style which made it easy to find what I was looking for, and the fashions were all current.  I walked out with several items of clothing and jewelry without having to spend much time or money. I'll definitely be back to shop, and will probably bring some of my stuff to conisign with them.
4	confessions of a shopaholic LOVE THIS PLACE. The clothes are in great shape, clean pressed and pristine condition.  The sales are terrici, 75% off NOW on fabulous clothes. All sizes for those without the Barbie look.GO GO GO GO
1	Turn Style's consignment rules are too ridiculous.  At first, I thought this was a great alternative to consignment stores. I've always had great success consigning clothes at My Sister's Closet but lately they are being VERY picky.  They are almost as bad as  Buffalo Exchange.  So, I decided to try Turn-Style.  First of all, they require you to make an appointment for them to go thru your stuff if you do it over the weekend.  If you decide to go during weekdays, then they have a max-25 items that you can bring in.  All items must be cleaned, pressed and hanging on hangers. SUNDAY:  I scheduled an appointment and the salesperson took the majority of the items I brought in - AWESOME.MONDAY:  I get a call saying that they are returning 4 items and that I have 3 business days to pick them up or they will donate the items.  - NOT SO GREAT, BUT OK.WEDNESDAY:  I go pick up my stuff and they added 5 more items they rejected - NOT COOL.I couldn't help but give my 2-cents and let the salesperson know what a disappointment the consignment process has become.  I don't know about you, but when I take something to be consigned, I expect a pretty straightforward and simple process.  The salesperson should accept and/or reject items at that time. Either they want it or they don't - - not after the fact.  It's not only a waste of time and gas, it's bad customer service.The salesperson picked my FAVORITE comeback line (yes, I'm being sarcastic) all salespeople tend to use:  "It's in our contract".  - WHATEVER.First of all, there's nothing more frustrating then having to make an appointment to consign clothes and then being dragged back to the store to pick up your items before they donate them to someplace (or someone).  I'd rather have the option to donate to whatever organization I want or hand my items down to family or friends.  I really wanted to like this place, but their consignment "rules and regulations" are silly.  Nothing should be this difficult.
4	I just bought three blouses for work for $27 at Turn Style.  Yay!  They were in good condition and fit me well.  Too bad I couldn't find any good skirts or pants in my size.  I do, however, plan on returning to see what else comes in.
3	i think they target seniors. they only wanted my basic plain things which is fine. most of the items in there are solids and basics anyway.  i've never wanted to buy anything in there. they have a lot of furniture from the early 90's. the pastel coral and turqoise printed couches, ya know what i mean? the jewelry is definitely blahoringthis place reminds me of what the duggar closet probably looks like. simple, plain, out dated.  but the stuff that they did take i ended up making about $100 so hey! i'll take it.
2	Ah, Turn Style has lost its' shine for me. A little too much frebreeze, the scent of un-drycleaned clothes and just too much stuff.  When you enter, there is a lot of glassware and barware and old throw pillows, which welcome  you to used furniture. Getting past the used furniture, brings you to the used clothing and it does appear used. Few name brands, I found plenty of Elle shirts- Kohl's brand and George, Walmart's. The designer stuff was few and far between and you really had to dig for it, racks and racks of digging. While you are shopping, you do get to listen to the trials and tribulations of the very young staff. They like to congregrate at the back of the stores and dish on last night's party, a fight between friends but not too keen on helping out or really waiting on anyway.  So, I guess if I was dressing my teenagers and they didn't want to shop at the Goodwill, then I could take them here but if you are looking for brand name clothes in great condition, look elsewhere.
2	Not for the young and stylin'.  I am not saying I fit either category, just warning you.  :)If you're targeting the high end designers, look for the...1.  small dedicated rack of (some well past their prime) shoes, ie. Gucci, Prada.2.  purses locked up on the bicycle chain loop3.  wallets under the counter glass
4	I have been consigning items here for about 4 years now. I've since brought in household items, small furniture pieces, and lots of clothes. Yes, there are rules to follow which can be a little cumbersome ie)everything needs to be on a hanger and ready to hang and sell, mon-friday consignment is between 11-7pm but you are limited to 25 items at a time (you can make an apointment for more on a weekend day if necessary), when you bring in consignment items you need to wait in the store-you can't run next door for coffee or a quick errand. Yah, they can be a little picky, but I guess they are choosing items that they think will sell and make money. That makes sense-they are making money for you too, obviously. I've been to other consignment stores such as Buffalo exchange and My Sisters Closet and didn't have as much luck. I find that this place usually takes at least half of what I bring in.
1	I am actually not sure what to rate this place, so I'll write first.  If I would give this any stars at all it would be because they have some decent home furnishings.  I bought a very long oak table and had NO help whatsover getting it out to my van.  I asked for help and the girl just said, no, we can't, it's policy.  I asked her why it was policy and she just said "it's policy."  After pressing the issue as to why, she finally said it was for the employee's safety.  That's reasonable.  BUT, guess what, she didn't even open the door for me.  Geeeeeze Louise.....A very sweet customer offered to help and also offered to carry it with me and put it in the van with me.  How sweet is that?  (random acts of kindness.)  Soooo, if you don't care if they treat you like crap, go for it.  I do like some of their stuff...but their customer service is the worst I've ever experienced.
2	I have been to turn style a few times, and just feel like I can never find anything I really like here.  I have found a few cute kids clothes, but over all not impressed.
4	After about a year I stopped in here to drop off a few items and see if I had some money on my account. The store seems to have expanded on their household section and had some really cool glassware and unique furniture items. They still  have a large selection of clothing and accessories although I usually don't shop while I'm here.They took 5 out of the 9 pieces I took in for consigning, and I had $50 waiting for me on my account from stuff I had brought in last year!Hey, if I'm not wearing it, it's going to Goodwill so even getting  a few bucks is worth it!
1	Would like to give zero stars! I consigned with them and the few items they sold were sold marked down so far I could have done better selling them in garage sale. Quality items from White House Black Market, JCrew, Ann Taylor etc and not more than a few years old in great condition. They lost a pair of my shoes and insisted they were "on the floor somewhere" when I went to gather what they didn't sell. $19 for 8 quality items? Seriously you can do much better with a garage sale. One item a beautiful strapless dress from WH/BM original cost $150. Just sayin. They are rude as well. Would never recommend this store to anyone - especially because they are so rude.
2	I have met my fair share of thift shops over the years, and I feel like Turn Style is one of the least inviting ones I've visited. It feels very stuffy (even though it is in a very open space), boring, and just all around blah. The clothing racks are long rows, which adds to the bleak cafeteria-like feeling, and the clothing sizes are kind of hard to find and follow. You, a petite woman, may have to walk down a seemingly endless row of blouses before you discover that the smalls are on the opposite side of the whole shop.Now, I know better than to value thrift shop based on its clean, friendly atmosphere. I get it - I'm looking for diamonds in the rough. Thrift shops are often rough, which is fine. The selection of clothing is what appeals (or doesn't appeal) to me. Turn Style was simply "okay" in regards to selection. I found two shirts I liked at reasonable prices. But considering the amount of time I spent there, two shirts really isn't much.I may or may not return. I don't dislike it here, but I don't think I'd recommend it either. In my limited experience, I just don't think the quality of merchandise and the less than inviting atmosphere is worth a second trip.
4	I was turned on (hey now) by the large designer selection and fair prices that this store had. I only picked up a crocodile briefcase $7, and I saw many more handbags under a $20 price range. Furniture, ehh not so much but they did have a nice selection of artwork, cushions, and housewares. The only real con here I can find is that clothing seems to not be labeled according to size, so it may take you several seconds to figure out where your size is located. I cannot comment on the selling experience only that I watched other people doing it and it seemed like a painless process, credit for more clothes or cash! Items were kept very clean and there was no gross musty smell typically associated with such places. Customer service is amaaazing, they have a super friendly woman manning the counter who will take the time to answer your questions, chat, and had true patience while showing me many items in the case (trust me that is not easy, I take forever to decide). My only regret is not picking up the Louboutins for $29 on my way out!
3	Frustrating place. The clothes and prices are good, but the staff is rude. I often wonder why since they're selling used clothes and shoes.
1	Immature and inept staff and setup.  There seemed enough staff considering I only had 6 small items to consign, but they are taking way too long to review them running from back of store to consign to front to help people checking out.  Meanwhile other people with clothes coming in after me and leaving before me. Why? No idea, as there was another associate at the register.  The other associate in the back area was unable to finish where the other one left off and said I had to wait for the first one who was now at the front of the store.  Not a good setup.  It was better when the consignments were at the front of the store, the staff were less distracted.  I waited over  40 minutes and still waiting,  gathered my things and walked out.  This was during a week day.  Not impressed.  Most of the shoes there of late have seen much better days.  I've seen better in Goodwill.
3	This is a great place to shop.  Lots of nice clothes and lots of great deals.  The consignment process is not so great however.  The employees are sticklers for the company "rules".   I brought in about 35 items and the lady would only look at 25 of them and wanted me to come back the next day to look at the other 10.  Sorry, but I don't have time for that kind of silliness.  I was also given a somewhat condescending lecture about all items needing to be on hangers.  As a result I usually take all my stuff to My Sister's Closet first and then bring Turn Style their rejects.
2	Turn Style Consignment is a clothing store that sells, used, high end, and designer clothing items. This company makes an effort to provide high quality clothing at affordable price; I feel it has fallen short of its own standards. After visiting this store located on bell road, I was very disappointed on how expensive the prices were, even with the fact that it is high-end clothing. Jeans ranged from the thirty to sixty-dollar range just based upon how the brand, rather than the actual shape of the clothing. Also, even simple things such as shirts were more expensive than if I were to buy them brand new. While the service and cleanliness of the store was great, I feel that Turn Style Consignment has failed to recognize the fact that their clothing is used and not brand new. I give this store a two out of five for inefficient and high clothing prices.
1	Disappointing... I went in to kill some time and check out the shop, and will not be going back. The layout looks like an indoor yard sale, there is an "old stuff" aroma, and the sales staff looked like they hated being there. Not a great experience at all...
1	I haven't written a review in a long time, and this place inspired me to get back on Yelp, but for all the wrong reasons! Remember how Jennifer Love-hewitt (back when she was still somewhat relevant) went into some crazy fancy and expensive designer store in Beverly Hills and they pretty much kicked her out because she was fresh out of the shower with no makeup on and they thought she was some sort of penniless peasant? I FELT LIKE MISS JLOVE TODAY, except I'm actually not a celebrity, incase you didn't gather this, but please feel free to think that I am. I happened to stop by this shop because my boyfriend was at the bank next door and the bank is boring. The problem wasn't really with the selection of knick-knacks, purses or shoes (all what you'd expect and all priced as you'd expect, reasonable but underwhelming). The problem was really that the staff was....gosh, what word should I use....stuffy? Rude? Cranky? Completely bitchy? Not pleasant in any way, shape, or form? All of them. The staff were all of those things. Just awful. I'm a fairly congenial person, so it perplexes me deeply when people act this way towards me. I purchased a little item for my kitchen (the actual word for the item has completely left my brain right now...derp) and I walked away from the purchase with an internal dialogue that went along the lines of "OH. I'M SORRY. I DIDN'T MEAN TO OFFEND YOU BY PURCHASING SOMETHING FROM YOUR CRAPPY STORE. GOD FORBID!". The lady that ran the registers was terse and had the air of a drill sergeant. And there is nothing spectacular enough in that shop or about that shop that will drive me to go back. I went there once when the store first opened, maybe 10 or so years ago. This is only the second time I've been there. Now I remember why I never went back. So, I suppose we can conclude, that if history repeats itself, I will go back there another 10 years from now and the staff will probably still be just as awful. Maybe I'll update my Yelp review then...
