4	Italmelodie is more than a full city block of instruments for sale, more than music lessons or a rental shop, they are show savers and good guys. I have shown up there needing a full backline with less than 5hrs notice and been taken care of. The trick to getting great service here as elsewhere is to not be in a rush (or if you are, don't make your rush everyone else's problem) not be self-important, not be rude - appreciate the lifetime of skills and service in front of you. Appreciate to the point of maybe sending a thank you card and you could find yourself with an ally for life. Even if you're not renting, even if you're just looking for a beginner uke, enjoy the great big space full of love and craftsmanship and you'll be hooked.ps- Main store entrance in on Jean Talon, rental is around the back from the market side.
3	Had a pretty meh experience here today, gotta keep it real. I went in in a great mood and ok maybe full of dumb questions (as with every day - my life is dumb questions. I am okish with this.) But honestly I was ready to buy an interface, and maybe also a new amp and some pedals and new cables and, and, and yah!... but this happy excited grrrl walked out with nuthin. This was purely due to the eye rolling, sighs, terse replies, and pitying glances shot my way by one guy working the counter in the recording section. My interaction with him was under 2 minutes, and there was no one else in the section so I don't think I could have really been that troublesome... There are lots of nice folks who work here who I've interacted with when renting gear for the shows I've produced etc, otherwise I'd slash and burn lots more stars. Bc honestly this one brief experience soo rubbed me the wrong way. I've worked with music shops, gear rentals, venue techs, musicians, and boutique instrument makers before and seen over and over this interesting contrast that happens between hugely talented folk who just get more gracious and humble every year, and then these other kinds of guys who seem to feel like working in music entitles them to be increasingly condescending and holier than thou. Thing is - the only reason to shop in a brick and mortar store is the service. With more and more people experimenting with home recording you're going to get more people coming in with money to spend who don't know much, but who just might be making sweet magic in their bedrooms and kitchens... Or maybe they are making cheesy crud, but either way! If customer service folks in music shops can't manage to be kind and meet you where you're at, and take the time to explain you and sell you what you don't even know you need, then, like me, you'll just go home and rack up your Ebay bills with a smile and avoid your neighborhood shop where you'd much rather be. (Or head down to to Steve's.. or to MOOG...or to NYC to Rudy's..)Darwinism maybe I guess? Anyway, good luck guys, I do wish you the best, but I sure won't be back till that bad taste is gone outta my mouth..
4	This place is huge. Competes with Steve's music in terms of overall inventory. Not impressed by the new setup... Seems expensive guitars are not in a closed room and I think it can be dangerous for the instruments in the winter. Too dry and it can crack so you may want to double check your instrument everywhere before you buy it.So far, I was really well served over there. Some items I got there... Bought a mixing console and studio monitors ; Salesman was good (Eric I think). Bought a midi controller ; Very well served. Bought some pedals ; Services was okay. I am a bassist and went around 5 times last year. Service was amazing in this department.I saw Risa D review. I had a similar experience at Steve's with a guy named Sheldon I think. I guess he didn't care about the 3000$ I had in my pocket to buy an acoustic guitar. But someone else did care. We should never accept that eyes rolling attitude and ask for the store manager. If the store manager doesn't care, well there is always another store that will care about you and your money.
5	Updating this because the last several times I've been in here - even just to ask questions or try something out - the service was awesome. Friendly, helpful, not condescending, not pushy. I've really appreciated this, especially in the holiday season when other places seemed stressed out, they've kept their calm. And to Martin's point - there is definitely a closed room in the back of the guitar section now. Some nice instruments in there!
