4	Bitchinest place for kite flying, frisbee, free city-sponsored summer movies (Wed & Sun), high school cross-country races, and meeting young lassies of a better quality than you'd find at the mall.Why only four stars?  Because thinking of all the times I had to sprint to the top of this hill kinda makes me want to puke.  Ah, memories.
5	I absolutely love Schenley Park, any time of the year.  Really, there is so much to see and do in this park because of its large size.  For starters, there's always the Conservatory should the winter blues have you wishing for some summer greenery.  Second of all, the Carnegie Museum is right around the corner.In the mood for something in the summer?  You'll enjoy the free movies on Flagstaff Hill.  My husband and I love to bring a picnic dinner and stake out ourselves a nice spot long before the movie starts.  Plus there's ample walking and biking available.
5	What's not to like!?Plenty of open space to throw a frisbee around or just run around playing tag with friends. (yes, we still do that) Night time movies in the summer which is perfect for friends or a date. There's a nice picnic area at the top of the hill and the view up there overlooks some of the most beautiful parts of the city. Seriously, such a relaxing spot in the middle of two hectic universities. Love it.
5	I call this... a Pittsburgh child of Hippie Hill and Dolores park minus the bums, pot, short shorts, the drum circle and open containers. But this is the busiest, coolest public park spot you'll find to lounge around in the grass, read a book, or catch one of the free movies on Sunday or Wednesday. And unlike the Schenley Oval, the other sun-bathers here are young and someone you might actually enjoy talking to. If you get hungry, pop into one of CMU's eateries. There is a great coffee stand in Wean Hall on main floor - amazing, frothy lattes!
3	I have fond memories of this place growing up... we would watch movies on the lawn on a big projector in the summer, sled ride down it in the winter and play frisbee all other times. When I was in college, I would bring a blanket and my books to lay there and study in the sunshine. I love flagstaff hill!
5	yeah, it's a big hill - but it's a big hill with a great view, and a big hill that's actually used by the community for a number of different uses.when it's nice out you will always find people on the hill, playing frisbee, studying, napping etc.for me, it doesn't get much better than sitting towards the top of flagstaff hill in the summer and taking in the view of oakland in front of you. as others mentioned, once or twice a week in the summer they put up a big screen and show movies on the hill.if my life was an indie romantic-comedy, flagstaff hill would be the spot where the quirky, beautiful record store worker realizes she loves me and we first kiss.
5	A nice cool summer evening, Cinema in the Park, a bottle of vino and a blanket to lounge on. Flagstaff is easily one of my favorite places to go in the summer.Check out www.citiparks.net to look for the Movies in the Park schedule!
5	This is another review I've got to update.  Flagstaff Hill is still one of the best summer spots in Pittsburgh.  My husband and I recently headed over here for the Cinema in the Park series.  Who cares if not every movie they show here is a cinema classic?  It's walking distance from our house.  It's a great place to bring your lawnchairs and a picnic basket and enjoy a dinner under the stars while watching a movie.
5	My cousin told me that it's too bad I missed last week's free movie.  The Patti Spadaro Band, one of my local favorites, was playing before th film.  Oh well.  I met up with a bunch of my girlfriends and had a picnic dinner on the Hill before last night's movie.  My only nitpick is that they seem to emphasize recent hits.  I wish they'd do a classic film series too.  On the other hand, how better to while away a summer's evening than watching a film under the stars?
3	Hey Schenley how come you're so much harder to navigate than Frick? Yet so awesome because you have your own little track with a soccer field in the middle. Schenley landed smack between oakland and downtown, its a frisky fraternizing park, more suited to bring your friends for a picnic or barbeque, than for a long distance run. It boasts a Frisbee golf course, so give way to those pesky frisbees if you're hiking through the course pretending you're in Scotland. Can't think of another place the rolling green of Schenley reminds me of. There are some decent trails, a murky little pond at the bottom of the park. This park has a playground, and smallish swimming hole. Shelters you can rent for events. Dog friendly--- on leashes unsure if it has an off leash dog area.All in all I would say it is worth checking out this park, thought not my favorite it is likeable enough. If you're not that into parks this one is small, you can spend a short time here and see most of it. It does border Phipps conservancy which is a plus, also if you are going to any events in Oakland but looking for cheaper parking, you can find it near Schenley around the back side of CMU.
5	Am I the only one amused by the fact that one of the things we can review in Pittsburgh is a bloody hill?Anyway. Flagstaff is a very familiar place for me. It's where classmates and I would go to sit in the grass or play Frisbee on nice days during the school year. A number of college teams would practice various sports here, including flag football, so I'd often watch them while sitting in the gazebo by the hill and enjoying the nice weather. During the summer it's an excellent site to sit and watch a free movie in the park (as long as you're willing to deal with lots of other people. Who will talk. I'd say you get what you pay for but people talk in movie theaters as well, so no, no you don't!). Basically, the hill's a great place to sit alone or with friends while relaxing or talking, or you can get a group together and either go for a walk or grab a ball and begin playing a sport of two. It's definitely a useful and multipurpose hill. (Never thought I'd get the chance to write that!) It's especially nice because you get the sense of being in the middle of a park without being in the middle of the park - it's right down the street from the library and next to parts of CMU, as well as directly across from Phipps. Great location for anyone looking to take a quick walk and get a short break from the bustling Oakland.I have plenty to say about the rest of the park, but that's for another review. For now, I want to leave on the note that I am giving 5 stars...to a hill.Yes, I'm still laughing about that.
5	I ask you, is there any better way to spend a hot summer night than enjoying a movie and a picnic dinner under the stars at Flagstaff Hill?My girlfriends and I met up at my house in Squirrel Hill, then schlepped our blankets, picnic baskets, and soft coolers down to Schenley.    We laid out our spread of homemade chicken, appetizers, veggies, cheese-n-crackers, etc & had a great al fresco meal while enjoying a fine cinematic feature.I know I've said nothing new in this review, but movies in the park are just one of the things that make summer in the city great.
5	This is by far one of my favorite places in the city. This is Pittsburgh in the summer. With a perfect view of the city, this is the ideal place for hanging out, laying out, throwing the frisbee, and picnic-ing in anticipation for an amazing outdoor movie. During the last couple of summers they've started creating huge events with food, live music, pillow fighting, and just all-around amazingness. I'm grasping onto dreams of warm nights here while I'm curled up next to my space heater in the dead of winter...
