4	Fifth Ave. Cleaners is a value with exceptional service and quality.  Every clothing item is $1.50 per item for dry cleaning including heavy winter coats and a $1.25 for laundered shirts.  Items being dropped off for dry cleaning are ready the next day at 5pm and laundered shirts can take a couple of days to be returned.  The one down side I could find is that Fifth Ave. Cleaners will not do comforters.  If you are looking for added value for your money this place is a must.
5	great location, quick and friendly, and the owner is from nebraska!  a safe bet!
4	I absolutely love this place. They charge a flat rate of $1.75 for most items (90% of the time I am charged $1.75 for the clothing I bring in). I believe it is a added bonus because some places charge a different price depending on what it is. The clothes are normally ready the next day after 5pm and I have never had any problems with damages or anything like that. The turn out of the clothes after wards is great. In fact, I wore a freshly dry cleaned shirt and I was complimented on how nice my clothes smelled. The costumer service here is also nice, which is pretty standard at most dry cleaning places. Come here, you won't regret it.
1	Searched for a cleaners that offered next day dry cleaning. Although none specifically indicated they offered this, took a chance and went here due to great reviews. ***after a few times here, realized they don't actually dry clean everything. Some of my things shrank. After overhearing another customer complain, decided toGo elsewhere.
4	I take my husbands dry cleaning here because of the great price. Their quality on dry cleaning is great. I take my husbands business shirts (laundered) elsewhere because I don't believe they come out as well as the dry cleaning does.
2	Buyer beware...you get what you pay for.  They did a great job laundering my dress shirts, but when I brought in three pairs of slacks to hem, they did a horrible job and refused to own up to their mistakes.  I had to take my slacks back to them three times and they STILL couldn't get the job done right.  I finally told them I wanted my money back and I'll go elsewhere to get my slacks hemmed right.  I'm sorry...what was that?  You can't refund my money?  I've given you three different occasions to hem my slacks right and they're STILL not correct...and you can't refund my money?  OK...fine.  I'll make sure to publicize your lack of customer service.  My fellow Yelpers...you've been warned.
1	This place is absolutely awful.  I specifically requested that creases not be put in the sleeves of my shirts.  A simple request, as it was never a problem with the dry cleaner I used in Summerlin for seven years.  Not only did I get shirts back with creases in the sleeve time and time again, but the collars were always pressed crooked.  It was lazy, sloppy work.  The last time (fifth time) I went to pick up my shirts- naturally, the sleeves were creased.  Then, the clerk got nasty with me for asking where the disconnect in communication was.  I don't know how much more patience I could possibly have had.  The place is a joke- go somewhere else.
1	BEWARE OF THEFT FROM CUSTOMER....Charged me $8.00 for alteration that wasn't done and when I went back to and told them they looked at me like they didn't understand English. Been going there for years under a lot of different owners. These owners are the ones that loses my business.....CAN YOU SAY CUSTOMER SERVICE???????
