5	5 stars just for being so unique.Are you like me and you need a shop to cater for both your Darts AND television needs. Look no further than Borlands!!!This place comes in alot cheaper than maplan for all your AV cables, Including some coaxial cable connectors for 30 year old TV's. It's nice that someone still stocks this stuff. This place is strange as hell, it's has a shady dart club feel about it, but I love it.If I was 20 stone, wore a wife beater and had little respect for youth of this country, it would be my heaven.
4	The sign on this place had me pretty confused; 'Darts, Television'.  I couldn't see what the connection between the two was, yet after having a look around they seemed to fit together in a wierd way.  The owner is a nice man who clearly has a passion for darts - and televisions for that matter.  This isn't perhaps the place to come if you're looking for a brand new high-definition, plasma screen as most of the the televisions are either second hand or older models.  However, this is the place to come if you're looking to repair the television which you already have and are looking for specific components which you can't find anwhere else.  It also sells all kinds of leads and connecting things for setting up ariels etc.  Further, if you like playing darts then Borland's not only has a good selection of dartboards at varying prices, but also an extensive range of darts.  The shop does feel a bit seedy, but it has a good range of products with good service and prices to match.
4	This place is the definition of 'unique' - what other shop, in any far flung corner of the world would specialise in televisions and darts? Huh?The owner, while clearly an eccentric and off his rocker is a lovely man, and while I cant say I'm that much into darts, I often have need to repair my flats knackered old television, so this is the place to come. Repairs are cheap, and if Dr. Frankentelly cant raise yours from the great scrapheap in the sky there is a selection of moderatly priced and modertly aged televisaions on sale here too - just in case.
5	Before I noticed this store last week, Leith Walk was my favourite street in Edinburgh. Now, I think it might be my favourite street in the world. This is certainly my favourite shop. On one side, it sells dartboards and darts paraphernalia, on the other, it sells old CRT TVs, which if they're switched on will be showing darts. It's a simple as that. The genius of it all, is that when you think about it, it really does make sense. Darts fans like to skull cans of lager and watch TV, so why not provide them with the means to do so? Even round about The Barras market, I've never seen anything like this store before, which has such a cult status among those more interested in the real Edinburgh, rather than the tourist shite and pretend poshness, that it's becoming an attraction in itself. Almost predictably, the owner is a character as well. If you ever need darts, a telly, or just the chance to experience a shop with enough wit, ingenuity and grit to almost, but not quite, make me proud to be Scottish, then this is your place. Perfect in every way.
