4	I love pho ..... I love pho like the next mo pho ....I didn't say they were good, I just said I had them.However, this place is much better than my jokes!  Totally hole in the wall.  You wouldn't go here for the atmosphere, but you would go here for the food.  Food so good and prices so cheap, I wonder how they even stay in business?  (Maybe its a money laundering front?)  The rare beef brisket pho is amazing.  No fake bases used here!  All of the vegetables are fresh and crisp.  I would be remiss if I didn't mention the spring rolls and fried crab egg rolls.  Both are great but the spring rolls are my favorite.  These things could be a meal all by themselves! A little pork, a little shrimp, some rice noodles, vegetables, and a good amount of mint surrounded by a rice paper wrap.  If you like Vietnamese food and are in the area ... you would be crazy not to hit up this place!
5	This place is a dive, a dump, in a shady strip mall off an industrial part of West Grand Avenue, on the west side of the Valley of the Sun. But it has excellent Pho!It is only fitting that my 900th review on Yelp! is a review of a Vietnamese Pho Restaurant. This is the 77th DIFFERENT Pho restaurant I have eaten Pho noodles in over the past 2.5 years on Yelp. That's about 31 new Pho restaurants a year I have been averaging. More than one new Pho Restaurant  every other week! Troi Oi!Also, over 20%, or 1 out of every 5 of my reviews are for places that have never been reviewed on Yelp before. FTRs as seasoned Yelpers would call it. So suffice it to say, I don't mind venturing out and trying new places. And once in awhile, I find a little gem. Pho Old Saigon, like I said, is a classic Viet dive. Grungy strip mall, simple tables and chairs, no fancy decor, and gruff service. But when I ordered my current favorite beef noodle combination, Pho Tai Nam (rare and brisket of beef), a large bowl for only $5.95 (small is only $5.50), I was pleasantly surprised!The bowl was placed in front of me, and I could smell the deep, rich aroma of Star Anise in the broth! This is the essential smell (and flavor) of Pho! And the broth wasn't too muddy, so I knew that the broth was cooked with the flavor coaxed out of the beef bones and ox tails to create the rich aroma with plenty of Star Anise adde. It was heavenly to inhale!The beef was decent cuts of meat, and the Nam was tasty. They gave me a full plate of condiments, and something I rarely see outside of only a few places in the Little Saigons in Westminster and San Jose:Ngo Gai!Ngo Gai is the long, green, saw-toothed basil like veggie to add with the 2 stems of basil leaves they gave me to veggie up my noodle soup. Plenty of bean sprouts, green chilis slices, and a large wedge of lime were available, too!Perfect!I took a small condiment dish, filled it half with Sriracha and half with Hoi Sin sauce, and was ready to go!I tasted the broth first, all by itself, nothing floating in the soup, no added condiments yet, no sauces. Just beef broth! This is how I taste the the quality of the broth before I eat. Mmmmm. It was the best broth I have tasted in a Pho soup in many months! It equaled in flavor to the best places out of the 77 places I have eaten Pho. I sat down and watched the SBTN (Saigon Broadcast Television Network) that was playing on the TV, and started slurping! Dipped my meat into my half/half sauce, ate it, then chased it with a good slurp of noodles and broth. It was good stuff! That bowl of Pho filled my tummy from lunch time to well into the late evening, too!I had a Vietnamese Coffee with condensed milk to go with it. The place was nearly empty, only a gathering group of Vietnamese local men converging into the early afternoon to talk and eat. This is the best Pho broth I have tasted in the Valley, and in many other areas up and down the coast. The place isn't for everyone. It is hard to understand the staff, the place is dumpy, and it isn't in the greatest neighborhood. But if you don't mind a good Dive Diner atmosphere with excellent Pho broth and bargain prices, come here, breath in the broth, sip it, then start slurping!
3	Bizarre location with good food. Don't expect an "environment". It's poorly decorated but looks as if there is a rockin karaoke setup there. Still, I liked it.
4	At first sight this little pho spot is clustered between a stream of fellow vietnamese shops and venues. The sight is not the prettiest and the parking lot is usually difficult to manuver around. However, being from Los Angeles, this place felt like a true pho joint straight from a big city. Upon walking in, there are always a few Vietnamese men eating pho and socializing. It adds character to the place. The lights are bright and flourescent, none of that dim lighting ambiance. The decor is not exactly five star aimed accomedations, but who really cares?! We're there to eat gosh darn it!This is a true mom and pop pho spot. It may not be fancy, but it feels surprisingly comfy. No snootiness, just good ol' pho. I would say the best pho I've had in Phoenix by a long shot! I love this place, the food is purely original. The shrimp fried rice was great as well. Not exactly a hole in the wall, the place is not that grimey, it's a bit cute I might add. All I really care about is the quality of the pho because I am a pho addict and have been known to eat pho up to four times a weeks at times! So if you're in the pho mood and don't give a s* about high end decor and want to get down with some REAL pho, this is the place.. Mmmm, talking about this place is making me want to go right now, yes it's that good :)
3	Cheap and tasty! The place is in a dodgy strip mall, but it's worth driving out there for the food. My sister and I had the egg rolls and spring rolls, and they were both very good. The spring rolls are pretty large. I had the rice with thit nuong (grilled pork). It was only $5.99, and you got a lot of food. The pork was bone-in and extremely flavorful. My sister had the bun with thit nuong and egg rolls, and it was also $5.99. Her meat was cut up and very tender. I will definitely be coming back to this place!
1	Staff was friendly and eager to please, despite some difficulty with communication across the language barrier. Drinking glasses had lip marks and flatware had fingerprints. My husband found a hair in his dinner. We REALLY love Vietnamese food, and I particularly love finding a hidden gem of a restaurant. Unfortunately the lack of cleanliness and ambiance (not to mention the hair!) left me feeling nervous about the food quality and hesitant to complete my meal. What I did eat was mediocre.
3	What do you do when you're craving for Asian food in Phoenix? Well, you hit up this place that's in a plaza of other local Vietnamese community and chow down on some decent-tasting pho and rice plates!Now, I wholeheartedly give a 4 for the food here but the cleanliness was quite filthy - they are awarded a 2.5 for cleanliness. But luckily, I didn't get sick after my meal. Ha! So, in our group, we had the spring rolls made with big pieces of shrimp and tasty pork pieces. The sauce that came with it was good, too. My dish was the com tam shredded pork and charboiled pork and requested an egg and it came out tasty over-easy with a little runny-ness to it. So...GOOD!  So the staff here is nice, but the location is in a pretty shady place. Happy (safe) eating!
