4	I was unhappy with the current vet my husband was using, and with the passing of our dog, decided with our new puppy to try this place out.  Not only did they know my and my dogs name by the second visit they provide my Suki with personalized care.  My other dog used to shake in fear at the vet we had used before, Suki loves the staff here.  Also, the other vet seemed to only care about how much she could get us to pay.  This vets office truly cares about my pet.
5	Dr. Beyer and the South Mountain Vet Clinic staff are the best!  Down-to-earth, honest, and helpful...my dogs receive great care from this clinic.  From nail-cutting to dental cleaning to emergency appointments, they always meet or exceed my expectations.   The doctor refers to specialists when needed and only orders tests she feels are necessary, which I really appreciate.  I highly recommend this clinic!
5	Love South Mountain Vet Clinic.  I've been taking my shih tzu Bella there ever since I moved to the Valley back in 2008 and have never had any complaints or concerns.  Finding a vet that you're comfortable with and can trust is no easy task, but I definitely found it at South Mountain Vet.  Dr. Beyer has always been helpful, friendly and positive when checking up on my dog, even when she's being fussy and a brat.  Her insight has always been a breathe of fresh air even in the hardest of circumstances.The staff there has always been friendly and willing to work with my schedule as best as they could.  Not to mention, they are great at sending reminders when vaccinations or any other tests are needed or past due.  I'm so glad I found this place almost 5 years ago now and won't go anywhere else as long as I'm in the Valley.
5	Dr. Beyer has been taking care of all my family's dogs for the past decade.  She is honest, compassionate and her prices are very fair.  Her staff is always friendly and helpful.  She's guided me through some tough decisions and I've always appreciated her straightforward approach.  Highly recommended!
