4	Duke's is a newly opened Bar and Grill located on the northeast corner of Ray and Rural, same plaza as the Chandler Sunset Library.  There were a few craft beers on tap as well as the usual suspects, I had the Green Flash IPA from San Diego.  The menu had the traditional bar foods along with several italian options which all looked home made.  I had a rueben and fries, the reuben used a house done brisket which was a nice surprise and the fries were perfectly cooked, hot and crispy.  I would definitely come back and try it again.
3	Saturday afternoon I decided to try out the new Dukes Tavern. I was greeted by their daytime bartender Linda a country girl with class.  I had the sliders and a beer. ok  atmosphere but they need to get bigger TV's or I'll have to bring ,y glasses next time.
1	Attended their grand opening last night, they have a long way to go.  The have a lot to learn in the bar business.  Hope they figure it out and make it.
4	Clean & net place newly opened. Food is better than expected. Yes, it is really good!Very nice owners.It would be good for all of us if they do well.Come and give Duke's a try,Had St Pat corned beef and cabbage! It was great.
5	Duke's Tavern is exactly what our Chandler neighborhood needed:  fresh, innovative food at reasonable, prices, spacious patio ready for AZ weather and genuinely nice and caring owners/staff. We rode our bikes down there one Saturday afternoon and were pleasantly surprised by the new look and feel of the place. It's clean, open and airy, and there's tons of seating. Now here's the best part....The patio is HUGE!!! They seemed to be doing construction out there our first time, but we've since been back and it's really coming along. The downstairs bar is built, and we can't wait to see what's coming next. They're dog friendly, and that makes us very happy. The misters and large, well shaded areas are just what we've been waiting for around here. It does need upgrades and improvements here and there, but after hearing their story and plans for the place, the wait sounds well worth it. The food is so delicious and the drinks are so well priced, we will support this locally owned business, helping them make the money needed to finish upgrading the long awaited and anticipated space. We know the owners are not corporate, and don't have deep pockets, so renovation expenses may take some time to acquire. WE CAN WAIT! We want this tavern, with the coolest space around, to make it so we can ride down on our bikes anytime we want and just hang out! Good luck Duke's Tavern! Welcome to the neighborhood!
3	I found a nice place for an afternoon lunch and drink. Linda the daytime bar maid is outstanding but i heard she was leaving. Can't find good help these days,
4	Can I give 3.5 stars? Newly opened bar/grill. The burgers are good, the atmosphere is ok, drink prices are good. It seems like it needs a personality or identity. Will be back.
5	Great St Pat's day food. The food is better every time. Owners & employees are really special.You cannot beat this place. Class, good food, nice people!
5	Great food. Came in with the family and the food and service was excellent. We will be back!
5	With a family of 9, we had lots of meals on the table. Everything that we got tonight was fantastic! I especially enjoyed the French Dip sub. My wife had the fish and chips and my kids got burgers, salads, and even a few choices from the kid's menu. We were super pleased with the quality of the food and the excellence in service. I highly recommend Dukes to anyone looking for a nicer, upscale bar and grill.
5	Just visited Dukes Tavern since they opened in Chandler.  It is a great neighborhood bar.  The patio is awesome and had live entertainment on the weekend.   Didnt have a chance to eat, but will be back soon to try it out!
5	Met here with the Local Lunch Club. The food was great. The service was excellent. and everything they make is from scratch daily. You really have to try this place.
5	This place is awesome.  Fresh homemade food.  Great happy hour on craft beers.  Highly recommended!!
5	The Burrata Pomodoro (build it yourself Bruschetta) was enough to come back. Add the Caprese sandwich and the Greek pasta and you have an amazing dinner with leftovers because these are good sized portions. Jared and his crew were real and friendly people that wanted you to enjoy yourself
2	Boring, bad service (friend was cut off after 1 drink).  We stayed for the food anyway, not good.
5	Awesome spot! A lot of potential! Bartenders are super nice and very polite and attentive! Definitely gonna be a local favorite for me!
1	Trash. Never go here. Cook never washed hands in bathroom.  Waitress cursed at us. Took over 40 mins to get our food. They should be closed down. I'm calling the health department. This was for the Dukes on Ray and Rural Rd. I won't bring my family back there again after the server cursed at us and the food was bad.
5	I had the scratch made Reuben sandwich with beer battered onionrings and a Four Peaks Brewery Sunbru on tap.  I was impressed!  The food was amazing and fresh.  The local brew was awesome too.  The staff was great and they played all classic rock with sports news the whole time.  Great work, folks!
4	Awesome wings! Tuesdays they are 50 cents, at least 30% bigger than the "other" Tuesday night wing special place. Try the soy garlic!
2	Nothing going on here on a Friday night. No mix drink menu, they just made up one,which was ok. Turn off: dirty restroom and two of the three employees working,  we're drinking and mingling with customers.  Regulars I guess,  because we didn't get much attention.
4	This was my first visit here. I arrived before they opened but they let me in and I had some lunch. Fish and Chips was the Friday special. The batter was a little different tasting to me, but still good. The Cole slaw as well. Waitress friendly and price reasonable. For a neighborhood bar not bad at all... It's close and the food is good what else good one ask for. I will be back to try out more items on the menu.
5	Never fails to satisfy! Ordered the nachos which are awesome in their own rite but ordered with tots instead chips... Amazeballs!
5	Can't rave enough about the food here! My favs right now are their charbroiled bbq wings, the mac & cheese topped with bacon and finally the French Dip...Mmm!!! If you're not hungry, then grab a cold brew served in a mason jar or try some of their homemade moonshine. Either way, you won't be disappointed.
5	5 stars all the way. The first time I was her, the owner Jamie served us. She was so great and attentive!! I returned today with my boyfriend and met Amy, the other owner. She was fantastic! So sweet! My mimosas were perfect and the atmosphere was too. I have to say that I would have returned here sooner if not for a bad review that I read some time ago.  Amy told me about the review and how the person had a vendetta and outright lied with his post and image that he took from Google images. What a shame. Who does that? How mean and wrong!! Amy and Jamie are awesome!!! This place is great!!! I will be back! :))))
4	The food stands out here. Interesting items such as the juicy lucy and capriese grilled cheese sandwich. As well as being of good quality.
3	Had dinner there with my wife after seeing four star ratings.  Very light crowd on a Wednesday night and the ambiance was a bit lacking but it is just a sports type bar.  The food makes the a 3.5 star place.  My wife loved the fries as they were seasoned nicely and just crispy enough.  I had a great burger with guacamole and bacon which was great.
5	What an awesome neighborhood bar! The owners are so nice and friendly! The bar has plenty to drink and the food is good too! My favorite is the spicy edamame!  They typically have a special infused liquor on tap- apple pie was to die for!!! They have a patio area, large screen tcs, suffering board and they try to host a sip and paint session once a month.  I don't live super close, but my friends do and they are always there! Also an added benefit is that they are near the AirWorx jumping place for kids..  so you don't have to wait for your teenager outside playing on your phone... just go to Duke's!
4	Pretty much a no frills bar. Very comfortable  though & the staff was great! We had the French dip with onion rings & sweet potatoes fries. Very good!
3	A group of us came here the other night after work to watch the Cardinals game. The food was just okay and surprisely, they only had one server trying to cover over 15 tables and sixty plus patrons.  At one point we considered ordering from the bar, since it took over fifteen minutes to get our drinks. The major attraction of Duke's is their numerous HDTVs on virtually every conceivable wall and open space. They also have a pool table and a skittle type bowling machine to play. We might be back, but not on a Thursday night. Expect to pay $30+ for one of their $9.95 food items and two 32 oz beers. They also have a Yelp 50% Off appetizer Checkin deal at the moment. See photo. A-Okay, but could be better.
