2	I have never been to a Firehouse Subs. I am from NJ and know my fair share of good quality subs, my hometown aside this review is based on hot subs which is not a "NJ" trade. This place just opened up, I heard great things about their meatball sub. We ordered 3 subs including a meatball sub, cheese steak and a hot turkey and ham. Wasn't a fan of the fact that you can not watch your sandwhiches being made like other sub shops. Expected a longer wait since they are brand new, no problem. Came home, set the table and opened our bag. The three different subs were not labeled accordingly just with a #1, 2, or 3. Opened all three and found NO meatball sub. Instead we received another hot deli sub of three different meats. The bread is spongey and blah, wasn't toasted just warm. The cheese steak meat was minced, the melted cheese was just baked into the soft bread. The other two had zero flavor besides the overwhelming amount of mayo. Three medium subs, three bags of chips for $24. Seriously could have made a ham, turkey and cheese sub on crappy sub rolls from Frys and just microwaved it. So disappointed. Was hoping for at least a decent dining option in Maricopa that was not Mexican. I would rather drive out of town to Jersey Mikes or Jimmy Johns, the sandwhich would probably be just as hot by the time I got home. Perhaps it would have been better had we received the meatball sub we ordered. I'm not even sure I will go back to try that.
5	Heavenly.I've only discovered Firehouse Subs this last year. Boy do I wish it had been sooner. They sure do make a tasty sandwich,  and the service was both fast and friendly.The atmosphere is unique and fun. The staff greeted each guest that came through the door,  and your orders are delivered by name- not number. I will certainly eat here again. In fact,  I suspect that I will be quite the regular!
5	My Hero! Finally a great sandwich in Maricopa! Into their 5th day in business the staff here seem to have gotten most of the kinks in their hose worked out.  Everyone is friendly, happy to serve, and their speed and quality are consistent if not better than other "stations" in the valley. It's been a long time coming but welcome to Maricopa,  Firehouse Subs!
2	This was my first experience at a Firehouse Subs and I was less than impressed to say the least. I ordered a medium steak and cheese and my husband ordered a large Italian, it cost over $16! The restaurant was busy, but for at least 5 workers preparing food it should NOT take 27 minutes to prepare subs. At this point I was still hopeful that the food would be good and sadly I was disappointed again. The bread and meat were dry and there was no flavor to the subs. I was excited for a new business to come to Maricopa, but I would not waste my  time or money going to this restaurant. I would recommend Subway over Firehouse any day!
4	Let's just say it upfront, because everyone who has been to Firehouse Subs is thinking it:This place is expensive.It'll cost you $9 or $10 for a sandwich, chips and a drink.  And then you'll get the medium sandwich and think "This is it?"  It might be a 9-inch sandwich.  But then you take a bite, taste this amazing amalgamation of fresh-sliced meat, good cheese, bread that stands up to the juices, a little mayo, a little veggie, whatever you picked, and you're like "....well damn.  That's pretty freaking good."The Meatball sub is great - you see the pictures of it on their commercials or whatever and then you get it, and it's picture perfect.  The brisket sandwich is fantastic too.So yeah, this isn't as cheap as Subway, but it also isn't oversaturated pre-cut garbage like Subway either, so quit complaining.  If it was as cheap as Subway, it'd have to taste like Subway, and if you want something as cheap as Subway (watch this), just go to Subway.  Simple as that.
3	I'm glad we have a Firehouse Subs in town,  but it's quickly loosing it's luster.Don't get me wrong, the food is fantastic. But there are other factors at work now such as wait time, dining area cleanliness, price, and order accuracy. For these reasons I down rated from 5 stars to 3 stars for my most recent trips.The dining area is kept pretty clean but they have a serious problem with flies. They really need to invest in those little fan blower thingys above the doors because the flies were just everywhere and if there's one thing I can't stand while I'm eating, it's having flies fight me for my food.Also after a 20 minute wait for 2 sandwiches, I expect my order to be exact. Unfortunately this isn't always the case. I think they are just having a difficult time keeping up with their popularity, but even during slow times the wait is quite substantial for just a couple of sandwiches.But at the end of the day it's the tastiest sandwich in town, and I'm really freaking hungry.
3	Sandwiches are good. The chili was not what I was expecting though... Not good. And it takes forever to get your food.
4	New to Maricopa and great subs.  Not big menu but all subs are good. Staff friendly and fast. Like no tips but can donated for firefighter fund. Lots of favors pop but no coffee which is a bumper for me.
