5	Looking for a cool, fun and hip 'hot spot' in this 'Sin City'?Ehm, correction! I mean.. 'Indulgence City'!Asian Tao Bistro is definitely a place you wanna be!You can chill, have some drinks, get a good buzz, enjoy this sexy and exotic lounge, listen to a hip, funky, and groovy rhythm, and you can even satisfy your hunger here! Oh ya baby, this place is hot!It's a restaurant and it's a nightclub!Open from Five PM to Five AM! They serve from sushi, Hongkong Chinese, to Thai cuisine!What people usually called, Asian Fusion!Hmm..Yummy! This place is grand! With an amazing design! Spectacular!Spread with those lush velvets and silks with waterfalls and century old wood stones complete by a hand carve 16th foot tall Buddha that float above the infinity pool that filled with pieces of red roses, presents the images and the charm of the Asian beauty. Asian Tao Nightclub is divided by two feature area, the Temple and The Emperor Ballroom.As you all know, Las Vegas is a city never sleeps! You may say,  Vegas as a twin sister of NY City, in terms of their party hours time. In most clubs in this city, the 'happy time' is go on for twenty four seven! That's also reminds me of a city lifestyle, when I still live overseas, Asia. Asian Tao Bistro is located on the Grand Canal Shoppes level inside of the elegant Venetian hotel! Boasts an outside terrace with a strip views of Vegas!I went and experience this 'hot spot' when I visit Las Vegas back in February 2006, that night, before and after I went to see and enjoy the Cirque du Soleil performance, Mystere!Check out this hottie and experience it yourself!Experience a religious night at the Asian Tao Bistro in this Dazzling, Sparkle City, Las Vegas!I am telling you!This place is dashingly gorgeous!
1	This restaurant sucks. Service is crap!!!!! My boyfriend had made reservations through Open Table at 12:30am and so we got there and the hostess seated us. Then........we waited a million gazillion bajillion years for someone to take our order. We got drinks first and that took another infinite amount of time. And after some more damn waiting.. the manager person man came up to us and was like, well no one is serving you because the kitchen is closed and this isn't open seating and you can't seat yourself. WTF?!?!? You're f'ing hostess sat us down retard... And we made a reservation so kiss my ass. Then he got all pissy and that ruined the night so then when they opened the kitchen again we ordered two things to make their life miserable. Opening the kitchen for two small things. Service sucked ass at this place don't ever eat here. They wouldn't even come to us to give us the check so we just saw ourself out.Edit: OKKKKK it says on their website dining hours for dinner Fri-Sat are 5pm-1am.. how can we get seated at 12:30 and NOT GET FOOD?!?!?!?
3	Decor is great and the service was nice overall, especially considering it was a nightlife venue. The food was nothing spectacular, but in defense of the restaurant I thought my group ordered poorly. Got Spicy Lobster Roll, Angry Dragon Roll , Satay of Chilean Sea Bass, Pad Thai Noodles, and a bunch of drinks. I ordered a round of drink for some friends at another table, but one got drunk and they all left, so we have to drink them. I drank so much, I forgot to order the large fortune cookie for dessert. The drinks were ok to good. We got the Mango Tamarind Martini, Xi Gua Tini, Lychee Martini, TAO Love Potion #9, TAO-tini, and some Patron. Og, the Miso Sea Bass (appetizer or entree) was great. Miso fish usually is.
4	Yep, be prepare to wait.  Our dinner reservation was at 9:30pm but didn't get in till like 40 min. after.  Once we get in, it's worth it in my opinion, the food was delievered shortly after we place the order.  The track playing inside were so cool that one of my friend decide to buy the CD off them.  There were 5 guy of us that we each order a dish & there was plenty to share, all reasonable priced.  My favorite got to be their cooked Samon on the menu, just a bit suprise me, really good dish!  Lastly, the decor was really amazing they got this giant budda statue at first floor, there was some birthday party next to us that there were a guy working there hitting the traditional Japanese drum to celebrate for them, really cool.  Oh & if you're lucky like us to get in to the club afterward, the waitress stops by your table to take u upstair personally, which consider the crazy, busy amount of people they have, I have to say they did a really good job.  Just try it yourself, you won't be disappoint doing both the dinner & the clubbing there, in my opinion.
3	Best Asian Restaurent in Vegas!
3	Like the New York inspired Tao, the Vegas version is the mega grand daddy of the two, sporting a beautiful Asian themed interior of the highest caliber.  And also like the New York Tao, featuring plenty of Asian Fusion that is severely overpriced and at times overrated.  Plenty of people tend to seek this place during all hours of the day, during various nights of the week.  Staff has been helpful but amusing in that on more than one occasion, our wait person was unable to pronounce properly some of the items on the menu and confused a Thai dish with an Indian one (curry, go figure.).  If you must go, make sure someone else pays your bill as my night special bok choy with seared tuna and duck spring rolls was a mere $31.50.If that wasn't enough, in order to fill myself I ended up going to In-N-Out shortly afterward.
5	Maybe I'm rating this place a little generously because when I went there on a date with an out-of-towner I'd met out the night before and I had stars in my eyes and butterflies in my stomach, but my memory of this place is pretty super fantastic.The wait for a table was a bit long for a Wednesday night, but we sat in the lounge up front and had some cocktails.  The dining area was a little "cozy" for my tastes, but we were led to a corner booth with plenty of room to be space hogs.  The giant Buddha across from us was awesome.  The food was splendid - the tempura was tender and crispy, the dumplings burst with flavor, and I even had duck for the first time and enjoyed it thoroughly.  My dining partner enjoyed the evening so much he took a rock from the assortment  behind us as a souvenir.  I don't think that's recommended by the management.The thing that cracked me up the most about this place were the, what I like to refer to them as, Slut Fortune Cookies.  My fortune said, 'This evening, don't let common sense be your guide.'  With fool proof advice like this, no wonder Tao's celebrity clientele go all over the world flashing their cover-upable bits.
4	When planning my trip to Vegas, this was one place I had heard a lot about and thought I needed to try.  So, we booked reservations a week in advance through Open Table. I knew the place was trendy, and in my experience, trendy means pretentious and disappointing.  My first impression, by the automated response I received from Open Table was not great.  The message they send back asks that you please call the restaurant the day of the reservation to confirm.  Isn't that their job???  I was kind of offended.  Anyway, I called to confirm and they were abrupt on the phone.  We got to the restaurant and had to wait in line to check in for our reservation.         Once at the stand, I was given a buzzer and told that I needed to wait.  So, we waited 10 minutes.  There's good people-watching, but I'd rather be seated right away then wait when I have a reservation.  When the buzzer went off, we went back up to the desk and this time the man was overly kind, as many people in Vegas had been.  He thanked us profusely for waiting, told us that he really hoped we enjoyed our night, and the rest of our stay.  We were escorted to the perfect table on the second level over-looking the 3-story Asian figure sitting on a koi pond in front of a wall of candles.  It was gorgeous.  The waitress was really sweet and about 10 minutes in, we were seated with out menus closed and a manager came up and asked us if we were waiting on the waitress of if she was waiting on us.  We told him not to worry that we were relaxing.  He told us that if there was anything he could do to make our meal more enjoyable, we should let him know.  Again...so nice...totally unexpected.  In typical fashion, I over ordered.  We had edamame (cold with shaved ginger and sesame seed in maybe sesame oil?)...they were okay, not great.  We also had tempura avocado (I'd never seen that before, and I don't generally like the taste of warm avocado...it wasn't different this time) and zucchini.  And...because I'm a hog and needed 3 appetizers, we ordered the garlic and lime stuffed shrimp, which I was looking forward to most of all.  They were probably the biggest disappointment.  The shrimp tasted like they'd been frozen, and they stuffing was, more than anything, breadcrumbs.  Hell, they weren't even stuffed...more like patted on top of the shrimp.  For entrees we ordered the filet (B) and Thai seafood stew.  B thought his filet, was good...not as good as at Delmonico, but still good.  It was served with onion rings (one of the better things served).  The seafood stew had a generous portion of seafood:  crab claws, shrimps, clams, lobster, and squid.  The broth was okay, flavored with cilantro and thai basil.  It was a clear broth, though, which wasn't what I was expecting.  Due to the order ordering at the beginning of meal, there wasn't room for dessert.Overall, 4 stars for great service, 3 for food.
5	Dined here with my wife over a long weekend and to quickly summarize the experience, we both loved it...everything from the decor, the service, and of course, the meal was top notch.We booked an early reservation around 5:30pm after being sold on reviews of both the original Tao in New York and this one. TIP: Book reservations early since the choice times fill quickly on the weekends. My first impressions of Tao's decor looks like money well spent...especially in the details. Upon entry, we noticed tubs filled with water and rose petals...to which my wife replied, Can we get in? I told her, sure ;) It also created an intoxicating scent...or perhaps that was the drinks?Our table was nicely situated on the second level which overlooked the giant Buddah and coy fish pond. This was a great location since it was above the group tables noise and was quiet enough to have a decent conversation of sweet-nothings and what-nots. My wife also pointed out from this vantage point, you can see down some girls tops...I resisted to look as I felt I was being tested.Our server, Michael, was tremendously helpful with our dining experience. His fantastic recommendations with the sashimi, the vegetarian selections, and the strong, yet fine Tao cocktails were spot on.I also liked how the other staff members went the extra mile in making the dining experience special. Our water glasses were always full, and empty dishes were promptly removed. They also gave us a line pass for the nightclub upstairs. This was great in avoiding the long lines even as they opened at 10pm.Another helpful TIP is the Yin/Yang signage on the restroom doors. Here's a helpful primer...Yin = Feminine forcesYang = Masculine forcesClever, huh?This took my wife and I awhile to figure out, especially after a few drinks. They even included male and female statues...and the occasional male attendant peeping out from time to time...to help the confused or drunkards.It is a bit on the expensive side but well worth it. Overall, we enjoyed Tao so much and found ourselves craving the food the next day. I'm sure we'll be back.
4	Food is excellent and its awesome to be dining, while listening to a techno DJ and looking at a giant Buddha statue.  It is a bit pricey, but you have to pay for quality in Vegas.Hint, this is actually the best way to get into the nightclub...dine for dinner and then you're automatically allowed in.  Also, it is pretty cool going there and being able to see the hot models in the bathtubs, wearing little more than rose petals.
4	we didn't eat here so i can't comment on the food (though we've been to the one in NY and thought that was good).  after our dinner at Zeffirino, we decided to see if we could grab drinks somewhere and as we said that, Tao appeared as if out of nowhere.  we moseyed on in and found ourselves a seat at the bar.  while drinks were great, this was probably one of the best places we ever went to purely to people watch.  you could easily just look at any random corner of this place and make up a story about any of the individuals there.  this lil activity, along w/ our drinks and incredible bartender, provided us w/ plenty of good times.  we decided to high tail it when it started to get packed.  as we walked out, there was a HUGE line just to get in which made us appreciate three things.  one, we got there as early as we did, two, we didn't have to stand in line, and three, we didn't have to be crammed into the place w/ a bunch of screaming 21 year olds...
3	Overall was not impressed WITH THE FOOD... at all! I'm really not sure what turned me off but I wasn't crazy about this place. The only thing I liked was that it was more exclusive to get into and the decor. The club is in the same side as the dinning area. The music in the club was awesome! However, do not think that just because you made a reservation for dinner that you can automatically get into the club. Some celebrities were present at the table next to us. ( Little Jon and another HBO tv actress).   I ordered some sort of salad that just lacked everything! Food, taste, and the "vinaigrette" was basically just thick oil. YUCK! everyone else was OK with what they ordered. Nothing bad, nothing great. I would be willing to give it a second chance.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for one of my 21st birthday dinners (we were in Vegas celebrating).When we first entered, there were naked girls with painted flower petals on their boobies sitting in separate bathtubs full of rose petals near the entrance. That was an interesting start! We sat in the lounge and waited for the hostess to take us to our table. It was VERY crowded and noisy with attractive people everywhere. We walked past the GIANT buddah near the wall and were seated at one of the many tables. I don't remember most of what we had for dinner by now, but it was cutely presented. I remember some pretty good sushi, seafood, and steak...My favorite is the also GIANT fortune cookie filled with chocolate and vanilla mousse topped with tons of tropical fruits.
2	Excellent food --- best I've had in Vegas. And pretty much the only reason I'm going to give Tao 2 stars.WARNING -- if you are a dude, and plan on having dinner with several dudes (i.e. bachelor party) at Tao, don't count on getting line passes to get into the nightclub.  I went with three friends on Sat, 4/21, and after dropping $400 on dinner, we were informed by the HR manager looking hostess that we couldn't get line passes because we "threw off the guy to girl ratio" at the club. That's about the worst customer service I've ever experienced in my life... way to take care of your customers! We might as well have eaten at some fast food joint and started waiting in line at 8pm with the other sunglasses wearing jackoffs that infest Vegas these days.Oh... and apparently K-Fed was there the same night having dinner with his posse.
5	What can I say about Tao the restaurant...? Its trendy...its spendy...its a mad frenzy...and its probably the best spot to have "dinnertainment" (thats right Yelpers...I invent words!) in Vegas. The spectacle of the huge Buddha seemingly floating above the koi fish pool is unreal (makes you wonder how they got that big bastard in the building) and awe-inspiring. The lounge and bar are like a social scene all in itself. The multiple dining areas (downstairs, sushi bar, upstairs) all have their own vibe about them meaning you get a different experience everytime you dine there. The food...well its just goes without saying that its f&*^^in great. The sushi, the thai, the chinese...everything is as tasty as can be. And hell yes its expensive...but your in Vegas...so deal with it. You can to have fun, dine and party like a rockstar, so do it and enjoy. The service is absolutely top caliber and just adds even more to the experience. For a non-Vegas person, I eat here and party here everytime Im out there (I should be a spokesperson for the freakin place) and will continue to do so as long as its there.PS...Reservations definitely the way to go unless you have the Vegas Passport (know someone that works here).
5	I am from Boston, and I do not rate places five stars unless they are worth....I would lose my Yelp credibilityFirst, Tao is gorgeous.  I imagine the build out must have been underwritten by the casino as a draw.  A normal restaurant probably would not have the cash to finance such a spectacular place.  Statues of Buddha adorn a very upscale place...A tip on the bathroom, the woman's room is nearest to the statue with the naked breastsSo my first thought is great place/horrible food like a RainForest Cafe, but this place really delivers great food.  The menu is all things Asian.  I guess we call that Pan-Asian.  You can eat anything from sushi to Peking Duck and beyond.We split the Chilean Sea Bass, dumplings and duck, which were all incredible...The service was on the ball as wellIf you are going to Vegas, this is a place worthy of visiting
3	I had to go here with a bunch of co-workers.  Sometimes that is cool because the "big man" picks up the tab.  And that also means we can drink like fishes.  Tao's wine list was superb.  I tried a blend, a cab, and a sauvignon blanc and they were all top notch.  The appetizers were also excellent.  Especially their "special ahi roll" which was ahi in some kind of crunchy outer shell that melted in my mouth and made me wish that I had ordered it alone for dinner.  Than me and my ahi could have had a "special moment" together. It was a food "o."  BUt I can't give it higher than 3 stars because if you're going to drop $100 on dinner than the sea bass better be cooked right.  Mine was undercooked on the bottom and I was bummed to be sure because up to hitting the slimy undercooked part, I was really enjoying it.The atmosphere is awesome...great music, cool interesting decor (a two story Buddha), and beautiful people.  WE left by 11 and it was a Monday so I guess we didn't see the nightclub but it's just as well....I'm an old fart mom.  :)
4	Cool place... Pretty good food.. Decent service... So we went to Vegas this weekend.. We had a great time.. I made reservations for Tao via opentable.com It worked out great.. We showed up early.. Walked right in.... Had a drink at the cool bar. We got seated right on time for our reservation..The interior is pretty impressive. Lots of people everywhere....They have a big Buddha statue.. Of course we took a picture in front of it..As for the food, the portions are small, but ordered enough food... With drinks, we walked out of there for 230 bucks for four of us..I ordered the fillet Mignon.. It was hot.. cooked perfect and actually very tasty,..Overall, Tao is cool. We would go back..Oh yeah, we got to walk right into the club with no cover... Rock n roll!!!
4	I thought the food was great. I had the grilled yellowfin tuna, which was extremely flavorful, albeit slightly too grilled than I would have liked. The edamame appetizer was really really tasty. My friends had the miso-glazed chilean sea bass, lo mein, soy ginger salmon and a few sushi rolls. Overall, everyone was pretty happy with their dishes. I'm definitely satisfied with the portions...was happy to see they didn't serve bite-sized pieces on expansive white plates....the portions were large enough to fill.The waiter was snooty, but he kept our water glasses filled. The restaurant is  also really loud. I sat at a table for 7, and I could barely hear the person talking one seat away from me.I'd probably go back for dinner next time I'm in Vegas.
1	I wish there was a way to give it a negative number of stars.  I have been to the Tao NY location and loved their giant fortune cookie dessert!  I can't tell you that the food itself or drinks were memorable but I did want to check out the Vegas location so I made a reservation.Boy, did I make a mistake. My friends and I arrive right on time and are told that even w/ reservations, everyone waits 30 mins.  So we asked them how long we would have waited if we didn't have reservations.  Apparentlly, they didn't have our reservations although I had made the reservations w/ them directly that day.  Strike one from the host who was the rudest man on earth.  He must have taken too many "cool pills" since he had something up his ass!Then, while we wait for our reservations they screwed up at the bar, my friends and I are given a cocktail menu that we ordered off of.  We ordered one round of drinks that clearly stated that it should have been about $30 + tip for drinks.  We get the bill and it says $60.  When I point the mistake out to the server (while clearly showing her the menu we were given), she is so dumb that she mentions that we also got a Diet Coke in addition to our 4 drinks!  So the Diet Coke accounts for the $30 difference?  What a moran!  When I asked her to bring out the manager as she clearly did not have one brain cell, the  server started giving me an attitude.  After a 10 min. wait for the "manager", I was told that they had given us the wrong menu w/ incorrect prices.  Apparently, the bill was supposed to be $60 although the menu THEY gave us said it was supposed to be $7 each.  We were not given an apology for the mistake or anything!  Because I have worked at a restaurant and currently work in advertising, I know that good customer service would have included an apology for THEIR mistake and then an offer to honor the lower price.  No such thing was done so I demanded a talk w/ the manager.   Only after I bitched out the manager did she apologize for the mistake and correct the bill for our 1 round of $30 drinks!  This after making us deal w/ this and completely ruin a fun night out!  After such horrible service, we were told our table was ready (as if we were LUCKY to be given our table 40 mins after our reservation time!).  We told them that we would not be dining there.  We didn't want to give this establishment any of our money!We gave them a piece of our mind and walked out w/ the glasses in hand! This pompousness and outright HORRIBLE customer service ruined our evening.  We ended up eating at the casual Asian restaurant in the venetian as we were so hungry by this time that we couldn't wait to try to find another "trendy place".  It turned out to be a good decision as the food was good and we got great service!  The best part, we ended up spending probably 1/6th what we would have spent at Tao.  I would have paid for a great meal, great service at Tao but the point that they would not quickly resolve the issue from THEIR mistake made me furious!  Tao, get your act together!  If you went to a store and they clearly had the wrong price marked on a sweater or in their ad, they should honor the lower price.  Same goes for the menu you gave us!  I will NEVER go to this location again!
2	This place is great if you're a 19 year old bachelorette and your posse of girlfriends is outfitted in tiaras and feather boas. If, however, you're on a family vacation in Sin City (what? Reserve your judgments, please) then you'll have to contend with terrible service and fairly mediocre food. My favorite dish was the wasabi-crusted filet with onion ring tempura, not because the meat was silky and tender (which it was - credit where credit is due) but because the onion ring tempura resembled an insane alien pod ship. But otherwise it took us half an hour for our tea to arrive, and I know it doesn't take half an hour to boil water. Or to steep tea. Or both. And the desserts were a royal disappointment - I mean people, Godiva chocolate should not be listed on a menu. It's not impressive, nor is it good, and - dare I say it - it's not even chocolate. I'd skip the dinner in favor of drinks where you can enjoy the real reason for going - bachelorette party watching.
4	First off, let me say that you can get better food in other restaurants.  But when you are in Vegas, it's often more about the atmosphere and the experience.  Want a celebrity sighting?  Want to visit a Vegas hotspot?  Tao is definitely a great choice at the moment in the fickle and ever-changing Vegas scene.The food takes a number of dishes from Southeast Asia and moderates the taste for a Western palate.  Spices are generally mild, the ingredients are less exotic, and anyone who has eaten at a P.F. Chang's will feel very comfortable.  You really can't go wrong if you choose a number of small plates and share them family-style.I'd also highly recommend the sake flights, which give you a sampling for some very fine wines.  Oddly enough, you can't tell which is which, but does it really matter?This is a great location for those large groups, although getting a reservation can be difficult.  It's a good thing that they have late-night seating up to 10:30 or 11:00pm.A note for those bachelor/ette parties - eating dinner at the restaurant does NOT get you into the club automatically, so plan accordingly.  It's still a good choice to eat downstairs and go clubbing upstairs afterwards (because you avoid an extra taxi ride in between dinner and partying), but you need to make reservations at both locations BEFORE coming out, otherwise you risk having to wait in line.
2	Came here visting family and was suggested to try this place out. Ordered a $150 Kobe fillet for my boss and then ordered some sushi (various plates) for the family along with a few dim sum and various chinese style ala carte plates. Din sum was so so not worth noting, and the steak was far from anything worth $150. I, ordered some peking duck with flied lice and it was actually really good. Ordered a few drinks then uncles start getting faded and was harassing the waiters to make sure they were on top of making sure his bottle never ran out of cold beer. Sake was nothing worthwhile (I do apologize if Im not as detailed with the food, but its one to forget). The place is beautiful and is staff friendly and its a great place to grab a drink, but Id rather suggest eating at the Palm for great steaks.
4	It's probably no coincidence that I scheduled my afternoon full body massage at Canyon Ranch Spa on the day that I was eating dinner at Tao. Sound body followed by a sound appetite makes Scott a happy boy (an old Buddhist proverb).I already knew what to expect from the Tao experience, and it was a welcomed seductive relief from the Venetian's baroque architectural jitters that hit me between the massage and dinner. Feeling relaxed like Gumby and dressed in my favorite black D&G suit, I rolled into our private party at Tao with a few people on my staff...we were greeted by a friendly and attentive wait staff holding trays of coconut shrimp, ginger-chicken ravioli, and chicken ginger dumplings...I was stuffed before the main event.Since we had a large party, we did Tao buffet style. Here is the beef & reef sampling that I picked up along the line:- A piece of miso glazed Chilean sea bass (Delighted my taste buds. Superb.)- A slice of wasabi-crusted filet mignon (Tender. Vibrant. Absolutely delicious.)- Chicken in hoisin sauce (Just okay. I've had better at Saigon Grill here in Manhattan)- Pad Thai noodles (Mildly nutty. Tender noodles. The sweet & spicy flavor wasn't balanced enough for me...hey, I'm a pad thai snob.)The best part was the dessert. Nothing is sweeter than watching the "WTF?" looks on the faces of people waiting to get into the nightclub as 150 of us are given priority access. Oh well, sometimes membership does have its privileges. The rest of my evening is well-documented and sealed inside the Vegas city limits ;-)
4	Somewhere around 3.5 stars for dinner for me.  Nice decor and vibe.  Dinner was a little fast-paced...I had read that Tao was the top-grossing restaurant in the U.S. (probably with the club receipts), and I realize that means table turnover is crucial, but it's not like we were four girls taking up the table for hours after splitting a salad.  Food was tasty -- loved the squab lettuce wraps and yes, the chilean sea bass (although isn't it still on the do-not-eat list?) melts in your mouth.  Not sure if that one's worth the guilt.Drinkwise, the Taotini is the way to go...it's like juice and is practically a value drink at $10.
4	Been here a number of times and have always been pleased. The Shabu shabu is great as is the Chilean Sea Bass. Place can get pricey but it helps when you know some of the management staff and get a little love. Service has always been on par as well which is a feat in itself as the place can do over 1000 covers in an evening.
5	Had a comp dinner here with friends and it was absolutely fabulous.  We got to try a bunch of cocktails too, and they were all very creative and well mixed.  The food itself was delicious and I woudln't have changed a thing! Even though we were a comp dinner I didn't feel rushed at all and we sat for awhile enjoying our drinks after dinner.  Go here!
1	The catch-phrase for this place is "Spiritual dining, Religious nightlife". That alone shoulda been a clue.Come on guys, just cause we're Asian and all exotic or whatever doesn't mean we invite our spirits to the table for meals or like, pray or something while we go clubbing. I mean, wtf. Well anyways, if you're able to get past the obvious whoring out of different Asian cultures, you'll find that the menu is made up of day-to-day plain-jane dishes dressed up and sold for 10 times its usual price. And it's not like they're so well-executed either. I'm talking fried beef udon and wonton... uhh, they sell better udon on the streets in Japan, and for a tenth of Tao's price.Btw, our salad came with a fruit fly crawling in it. A LIVE INSECT. Our server was plenty horrified when we pointed the fly out to her, but God forbid she actually offer to give us comps for our lousy meal. She simply whisked the salad away and acted as if nothing's happened.Minus one for the crappy, stingy service.Minus one for lumping three different, unique Asian cultures into one shitty themed restaurant.Minus one for charging sky-high prices for blah food.Minus one 'cause I just feel like it.
5	we had my quarter of a century bash dinner here and had the most amazing time. I am already trying to arrange my next trip back and will be eating again at this restaurant. The Lychee martini is amazing. The place is always busy and after dinner if you plan to dance the night away- Tao club is a fun one too- though it gets crowded and hard to move, which gave me a claustrophobic feeling- but still fun. The newest hotspot is Tao beach, where the cabanas are extremely expensive- but awesome for chicks- the guys always want chicks in their cabanas, right!
3	Friends were in town and they wanted to try the very popular Tao Restaurant.  (It's been reported that the Tao Restaurant is one of the highest gross-ranking restaurants in Vegas!)  Just as we were about to enter the hallway, this VERY large bouncer asks if he could help us and we mention we have reservations and then he allows us to proceed further.  Talk about intimidating, and this was for a 7 pm dinner!We were seated upstairs on the balcony overlooking the huge Buddha.  As menus were presented to us, the waitress asked if she could get us some water.  As I perused the flimsy two page menu, front and back, I didn't even know where to begin.  My fellow dining companions were quick to notice the 16 oz. Grilled Kobe Sirloin for $150 and the individually priced nigiri pieces ranging from $3-$15 a piece.The menu suggests that all items were going to be served family style, so we asked the waitress for a few suggestions.  I could barely hear her over the hum of the restaurant.  (I would not consider Tao to be romantic at all.)In the end we decided to start with four different appetizers and two entrees.  And this is what we got:Squab Lettuce Wraps ($14) - This came with five lettuce leaves.  A decent amount to fill all the leaves.  The squab mixture was a bit too moist and the BF found it too sweet.  I had squab juice stuff dripping all over my hands right off the bat.  There was a lot of flavor though and crunch, probably from the celery.Lobster Wontons with Shiitake Ginger Broth ($16) - A clay pot arrived with 5 lobster-filled wontons.  Very flavorful with slices of shittake mushrooms laid out too.  A very light and delicate dish.  Sashimi of Kobe Beef with Fresh Wasabi Sauce ($28) - Beautifully presented on a circular clear plate with herbs on top.  We couldn't determine if they were already sliced apart or what, but with the meat being so delicate, just grab a piece and pull and the meat will tear gently apart.  Lovely taste and clean.  However, I didn't recall a wasabi sauce or flavor to it.Pork Spring Roll with Thai Chili Sauce ($11) - This order came with 3 triangles filled with pork, so we requested another order so we could all have a taste.  The spring roll was decent, nothing particular special about it.  The Thai chili sauce tasted store bought though.Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Vegetables ($34) - Very good, but I guess the better question is when have you had a bad piece of Chilean sea bass?Roasted Thai Buddha Chicken ($26) - We must have misheard the waitress because we thought she said it came in a coconut curry.  It did not, but rather a sweet sauce with about five pieces of chicken in it, including the drumstick.  It was okay, nothing particularly special about it.Jasmine White Rice ($4) - Of course we had to order some rice!  We got two orders which is just enough for four people who aren't heavy rice eaters.Overall, the food was good.  Definitely overpriced though, and it's catered to a certain kind of clientele.  You'll be amused to find things like Kung Pao Chicken ($26) and Grilled Prime Porterhouse with Wasabi Dipping Sauce ($88) on the same menu.  We decided to pass on dessert as the waitress-recommended Giant Fortune Cookie ($10) or Fuji Apple Springroll ($8) didn't appeal to us enough.  (We actually drove over to Luv-It Frozen Custard instead!)Service is a huge component of what makes this experience worth it or not, and Tao fails in this department.  I was not impressed with the chatty young waiters who dropped (not placed) the silverware onto the table, reached across the BF to put things in front of me, and who 'hid' the menus behind my guest on his chair.  (Uh, who does that?!)  As they moved our glasses and silverware to make room for our dishes, they did it in such an unorganized and messy fashion.  I felt like I was staring at someone's hands trying to do a card trick.  I'm used to the staff performing such tasks in an unnoticed way as to not disrupt the private conversation the dining guests are having.  The waitstaff should take a few lessons from Rosemary's Restaurant's waitstaff.  That's what I call service!At the very end of our meal, someone did come by and ask if everything was okay.  And it was...just okay.  They asked if we were going to the club afterward and I said yes and asked if they had any passes.  What they do have is a "line pass," which is really a simple stamp on your inner left wrist so you can supposedly bypass the long line outside.  However, you will still have to pay cover.  (I think this part is rather ridiculous.  They should at least offer a discount on the cover instead.)  With the stamp being so simple, a washing of my hands right after dinner washed it right off.  Not the best pass I would say.  Tao Restaurant is the kind of place you say you've been to and that's it.    There are better places where service is valued higher.$185 total, including tip and tax, no drinks
5	5 Stars made easy... (Tao Bar)1 giant star for DECOR, just absolutely beautiful.  Like a sandstone buddha candlelit bossa-nova opium den.1 star for the fact that it clears more cash than any restaurant in the US according to reports (Yahoo News), gotta love a super-restaurant1 star for not sucking in Las Vegas (or bringing down the Venetian's class)1 star for the good chill-out/bossa nova music they play in the place1 star for grand bathroom and the giant 40 foot wall of a candles that marks it's entrance.....i'm sure the food is fine, i'm not really a fan of asian food actually, but you just have to see this place, go for a drinkStipulations:  If you don't have the money, don't spend any here...I was treated to this place on 2 seperate occasions and I would never pay this much for drinks or food.  I don't "high-roll" and I don't want to act like it...this is one of few places on the strip I would ever frequent...get my ass back to Fremont Street!
1	God, I am so irritated it's not even worth the energy and time to get all pissed off again telling you why I will probably never come back here.  Maybe if I was younger again and coudl deal with it - or if i was from somewhere where what they offer at Tao is "new" or "interesting".  The waiter was an A-HOLE big time.  Before we ordered he YELLED AT US that he REFUSED TO DELIVER ANY FOOD UNTIL THE MENUS WERE ALL REMOVED FROM THE TABLE - basiclaly that means we can't get appetizers and order more later...Jerk?  Seriously?Second of all, the food tastes like either Panda F**king Express (all noodle dishes) or it's completely covered in Sesame Oil.  Don't get me wrong - I LOVES me some sesame oil - but not when you can't taste what is is cooked with?Finally, I think our bill was like $700, probably because we had 8 heavy drinkers there.  But it really felt like a rip - I paid $70 for drinks, one egg roll, and a bite of some Mall court noodles. no thanks!  Denny's is across the street and at least there you know what you're going to get.
3	Best part about Tao is getting all dolled up in your sexiest gear for the evening and walking past everyone in the VIP line (that actually starts in the back of the club, even more cool). This is the type of club you shouldn't wear underwear to. And by you I absolutely don't mean me. I think we lasted maybe an hour here? Extremely loud, crowded but still easy to get your $12.00 drink, dark, many Buddhas decorating the place. Two women with some very strategically placed flowers adorning their naked bods frolicked in a bathtub near one of the stages. Later on spied two gorgeous cats massaging one another on a smaller side stage dressed in skimpy (but sexy) lingerie. If clubbing is your scene-this is the place to be in Vegas.
4	everyone loves buddha, right? who doesn't? tao's got one, a 20-foot golden buddha gracefully staring down at you. now, that's what i'm talking about. this is vegas, baby, and it's all about money.  FYI, tao was the highest grossing indepenent restaurant in the US in 2006. ($55 mil, that's $16 mil more than No.2). they must be doing something right.tao's service was surprisingly great although we arrived 8-ish without reservation. we were seated promptly with courtesy. our server was super nice and informative, as he explained every single dishes we've ordered as they arrived at our table.interior deco was as usual. check it out for yourself on their website. some of the dishes we've tried:small plate: thai stuffed shrimp with garlic, lime, and thai chili sauce small plate: satay of chilean sea bass with wok roasted asparaguswasabi crusted filet mignon with tempura of onion ringschef's rolldesert: chocolate zen parfaitthe food was all excellent, but this place is really more about the vibe and the people-watching. tao is a popular destination for private parties among celebrities. the bill came out to be around $130, including a couple of drinks. not bad for a fun dinner in vegas.i would definitely visit there again next time i go to vegas.
5	This was the first time I went to Vegas with just my friends, and we went all out! We were trying to figure out where we could experience some fine dining, and we kept seeing signs for Tao at the Venetian. Right as we walked into the beautifully decorated walkway, I felt like I was stepping into a glamorous nightlife scene from a movie. There were floating rose petals on each side of the walkway lit by candles. Of course, there was a wait, but it was expected. However, instead of just standing around trying to pass the time, we sat down at their lounge area where we were waited on by a cocktail waitress. We ordered a few drinks before dining while snacking on their complimentary wasabi peas, and before we knew it, our table was ready.Their decor deeper into the restaurant was even more impressive than the front of house. Behind me was an open sushi bar across from a wall displaying artistic pipes featured inside multi-colored backgrounds. In front of me was an enormous statue of Buddha surrounded by more candles.Our service was EXCELLENT. Since it was our first time there, our server really wanted to give us the full experience. He was very suggestive without being pushy, so it made our ordering much less difficult. The only thing that kind of threw us off, was when a new server took over without our being informed. The service, however, remained top-notch. They were anticipating our every need.The pad-thai was good, the Shiitake mushroom tempura was delicious! Best tempura I've ever had. The desserts were creative and aesthetically pleasing. Definitely stop by if you want to make your trip to Vegas a memorable one.
3	I've been planning my birthday for the past 2 months and Tao restaurant was my destination.  Reservations were for Friday night 8:45pm. Note: Your required to confirm the day of the reservation before Noon.  Checked in with the matre' D was pleased to be escorted directly to our table.  It was already crowded with people at the lounge having drink while waiting for their own table?? There was 3 of us for dinner-2 guys and myself.  We were lead toward the back and seated at a table close to the sushi bar. Before you read any further this review is truly dedicated the service and to our waiter vs. the food.  In celebration of my birthday we ordered a bottle of the yellow label and Voss Sparkling water. After reviewing the menu, I asked the waiter what recommendations he had, and even though we ended up not getting anything that was mentioned, I thought it was great that he had extensive knowledge about the food.  We ordered:  Satay of chilean sea Bass with grilled asparas, Wasabe crusted filet mignon with tempura onion rings, Duck friend rice,Noodles and Short-ribs.  The food honestly was mediocre for the price that you are paying.  There are so much more comparable quality food here in SF  that don't cost and arm and a leg.  Needless to say I wasn't too disappointed as my expectations weren't that high, and I was paying to be part of the scene.  Now Kudos for the service, the waiter was extremely courteous, came at the right times to offer service,and always made sure that glasses were always filled.  I'm a lightweight and only drank a glass of champagne, I thought it was wonderful  that he was so observant and only filled up my companions glasses and only towards the end of dinner did he offer me more.  and lastly because there was a male to female Ratio at the clubs, even with a $300 dollar dinner I still wouldn't have been able to get in, he worked the magic and got all 3 of us line passes for the club because it was my birthday.  Above and Beyond.  In summary: Tao Restaurant is a place to see and be seen, just don't have too hight expectations about the food.  Especially for those of you who live here in SF.
3	How is a piece of meat and a small pot of shabu shabu broth gonna cost 40 bucks?  I don't know, but if that's to your liking, go here.  Don't get me wrong, it was amazingly delicious, but at least serve some noodles or rice with it. The sea bass California rolls were out of this world.  They took good care of us and our server was dope.
3	Tao had a very nice ambience to the place.  I love the koi pond below the big budda statue. The sashimi and rolls and mojitos were good, but don't eat the duck spring rolls. or order the watermelon cocktail. Those two were very poor choices. The waitress was kind enough to take back the watermelon cocktail with no charge. The bathrooms were nice, but confusing if you dont know what yin and yang stands for. Just take your chances. ;) Will probably give it one more chance ...
5	this was my big splurge for food for our vegas trip... so worth it!! most memorable dish was the duck fried rice & raspberry chocolate wontons dessertdefinately will be back for my next trip!heard this place gets more promiscuous for latenightappreciated the dresscode also
2	Large parties dining at Tao should know this....___________________________To my surprise, 4 stars for the food, but an overall 2 stars for the ridiculous way we were charged for the food and how our complaint was handled.  I dined at Tao with a group of 9 for a bachelorette party the weekend of August 13, 2007. Although I was disappointed with Tao, I still had a great time with my fabulous girlfriends. I don't remember everything we had, but I enjoyed the Spare Ribs, Lobster Wontons, Chilean Sea Bass. Least favorite was the Pad Thai (one of the worst I've had) and chicken skewers. Reason for 2 stars:After we were seated, our waitress didn't come by for what seemed like 10 minutes to introduce herself. When she came by, she was friendly but did not communicate clearly how she was taking our order. Since it was so loud and our waitress didn't have a very loud voice, 3 different members of our group asked her to clarify how much food she thought we should order. She specifically told us that we should order 3-4 starters and at least 5 main dishes. That took me by surprise b/c I thought this is small plates and how could that be enough food? So I repeated what she said to me just to clarify that 3-4 appetizers would enough food for 10 girls? We decided to just order as much as she recommended and we can order more if necessary. When the dishes arrived, we were all suprised at the large portions. What we found out when we got the receipt was that the waitress doubled and tripled each order (as she saw fit) so it would be enough for our table of 9. She NEVER once said she was going to do this and we were upset because we had so much leftover food and even ate more than we wanted so it wouldn't be wasted.If we had known this is what she was going to do, we would have ordered different items. I can't remember if she tripled any main dishes but the end result was a very large bill and wasted food. When we brought this up to our waitress, she insisted she explained it and after she left, she never returned to our table. We then spoke to the manager who said he could only give us 2 drink tokens to compensate for the miscommunication. This is so lame and such a cheap gestere to rectify the situation. The least he could have done was get us into the nightclub for free afterwards. I have never, ever, gone to a restaurant where they took the liberty of doubling or tripling your order without telling you. I've always said, I want 1 order of this, 2 orders of this, etc.I would not go back to this restaurant again. Food was good but not worth the price. The club is ok if you get in early but by 1pm it gets too crowded to walk around and check things out. We got free line passes but had to go out, get in smaller line, pay $20pp at the door + get a hand stamp, then headed upstairs to the night club. Seems like a classy place but I find it offensive that they have skanky girls taking baths and playing with each other surrounded by all these bhuddas.
5	I had the pleasure of dining at Tao this weekend. We had reservations at 7, which is early by Vegas standards, but reservations were really hard to come by over Labor Day weekend! The atmosphere is drastically different than the rest of the Venetian. I totally loved it. From the large Buddha statue to the lighting, Tao definitely has an awesome ambiance! I had the wasabi-crusted filet mignon. This was to die for...I'm still thinking of it as I type! The wasabi gave the beefiness of the filet the perfect edge. I scarfed it all down! The rest of my party had sushi, which they thoroughly enjoyed. The best part is that we received stamps to enter Tao Nightclub as well. I highly recommend giving Tao a try!
4	This Tao is one of the things that makes Vegas bearable for me. The decor (by my friend Thomas) is spectacular- the club part is just gorgeous- Buddhas everywhere (ok, a bit too much beaucoup de Buddha), Asian antiques, big stone tubs filled with floating rose petals- the sheer scale of the thing is amazing.That said, of COURSE it is obnoxious. This is Vegas baby, and this place is very popular.  So, you'll need a res for sure, and even then you will wait, and the waitron will treat you as though you are an enthused tourist who just can't wait for that exotic experience. It's not quite as bad as "Would you like some Sake? It's Japanese rice wine, and by the way, some of the fish here is raw", but...almost. HOWEVER the sake selection is excellent and shows good taste in a sake sommelier ( a big career ambition of mine), the cocktails are strong, and the food is decent. It is worth visiting just for the upstairs bathrooms, which are completely transparent until you lock the door- then they cloud up (a trick also used in the NYC Prada store, but they don't serve sake). An interesting psychological test.
2	I didn't know this place was also a restaurant so I can't review the food.  The decor is really cool in here I must admit that (hence the reason for the extra star).  What I don't like about this club (where should I begin is more like it):  They let in too many effin' people in this place.  I don't appreciate getting crushed like a sardine or getting dry humped by random strangers on the dance floor.  Just say no to STD's OK?  I'm pretty sure the amount of people on the dance floor violated fire codes.  I couldn't even move for a good ten minutes cuz I was either getting pushed by people trying to get on the dancefloor, people decided to walk by me cuz for some reason there was no other space for them to walk past, or people bumped into me cuz they were trying to dance.  Not my idea of a good time.  The only time I put up with that noise is when I'm seeing my favourite band in the entire world.I'm sure if you're a girl, you can get in no matter what you're wearing.  Sucks if you're a guy though.  Also some friends we were trying to meet somehow got invited to get on the VIP list but then later they asked them how they got on the list.  We got attitude from a bouncer saying "You can't bring in a shopping (plastic) bag to the club."  OK, well we went shopping before going to your place.  Luckily, my friends had very large purses so they got creative and shoved the bag in that.  Shoot us.  There's no such thing as coat check here I guess.  They really oughta invest in one of those, it's good for business.  I'm not a fan of hip hop clubs to begin with, but seriously 30 minutes of a SexyBack mash up filled in with clips of various other top 40 of course?  I like a little more variety.  Last time I checked this was Vegas...play something a little more hip.  I went to a club in my boring suburban town that played similar stuff...I guess DJ AM was at this club too perhaps?  I'm sure this place is tons of fun if you arrive early and leave early, but if you get here around midnight or later, forgetaboutit.  No room to dance.  No room to walk.  Get me to the bar for some water please.  Confusing "EXIT" signs too.  I had to ask five different staff members how to get out of this joint and I ended up back where I started.  Cover was also $20 which I guess is "reasonable" by Vegas standards.  I couldn't even enjoy the cool decor in here because I just wanted to get the eff out of there.  Not my idea of a good time.  I'd rather go shopping here or stay in the hotel.  No club for this party pooper.
4	Not sure how many places serve a deep fried kobe beef tartare sushi roll but I would gladly go to any place that does.  The wife and I really enjoyed pretty everything about this place.  The price wasn't so bad since we split the entree.  We got the wasabi crusted filet mignon which was very good.  Some of the prices of stuff we didn't order did seem a bit outlandish.  Like $15 fried rice (does that come with a foot massage?).  But whatever.  Its a fun place for couples or groups.  We went on a Wednesday night when the club was closed so it was semi-chill.
3	Tao looks cool as hell, its got great decor and a hip vibe. Still, as far as the food goes it was average. It didn't blow my mind.I think it is a great place for people watching and enjoying a cool atmosphere with decent food. Not a place to have a conversation with your friends or a romantic dinner as this place is loud and crowded.Remember to make reservations in advance otherwise its off to the sushi bar for you.The only reason I can think of why one must go to Tao is coz its Tao. You have to go for the experience, its part of living it up Vegas style.
4	I think the other reviews pretty much sum up what the Tao is about. I've only been here twice, so my experience here is limited, but it's been good! The door people/bouncer/seating folks aren't going to win any awards for hospitality but once you're in, it's all good. The food is quite good, especially their kobi sushi roll (I think that's what they're called? Whatever the hell they're called, they're incredible!) appetizer.The rest of the meals have been a little forgettable, but I remember them tasting good, hehe. The service is nice and the environment is definitely worth experiencing at least once, especially if you're in the Venetian.
5	So we're in Vegas--my first time, and I'm luv-in' it!  We went to Tao tonight for drinks and dinner, sponsored by a trade association whose Board my husband sits on.  So dinner was not on our dime, I never looked at a menu with prices, so I can't comment on how pricey the place is.I can say that the decor is the first thing that amazed me--loved it!  It takes a tremendously imaginative and talented person to create an atmosphere like this--which keeps you looking ahead to see what's around the corner and wondering what will astound you nextThe next thing I noticed was the music being piped through the place--VERY hip!  Loud but in a good way.  A later trip to the ladie's room revealed that there's a talented DJ responsible for the tunes.  The drinks kept coming and when it was time for dinner, we were presented with a lovely salad, followed by dinner served family style, including filet mignon, an UNBELEEEEVABLE Chilean sea bass with a gingery-garlicky yumminess to it, teensie weensie string beans, fried rice, and sauteed shiitake mushrooms.  Ummmm..HELLO!  After dieting for 2 weeks in anticipation of this trip, my taste buds were TRIPPIN'!!Next up was an assortment of desserts, including a Fuji apple tart-y thing with ice cream, a bowl of fruity stuff like tangerines, lychees, blackberries, raspberries and ice cream, chocolate lava cake and ice cream...on and on....this meal was planned to show me some love...ice cream and I, why, we're lovers!!!The service was absolutely and completely IM-PECC-ABLE.  There was a staff of 5 or 6 dedicated to our group of about 40.  My water glass was never empty (or even close to it) and when I asked for a glass of sharp, dry white wine and the server came back with "all she had on hand" which was a Chardonnay and I politely declined, she returned a couple of minutes later with an unbelievable Pinot Grigio that hit the spot.  All in all, a fabulous experience, and one I wouldn't hesitate to repeat on my second trip to this cool-ass town!
3	I am quite positive that when the "geniuses" came together to plan Tao Restaurant and nightclub, they thought "ya know, let's put a HUGE 20-foot Buddha in the place!  Everything's cooler with a 20-foot Buddha!!"Sad to say, they were right.  The original Tao opened in New York in 2000 to much applause and fanfare.  People streamed to the place like moths to a candle for the mundane pan-Asian menu, hip nightclub vibe, and that wild-ass 20-foot Buddha!The geniuses came together again and said, "Damn!  This worked so well!!  Let's do it again for the soul-less, culture-vapid city of Vegas!!"  Well, lightning struck twice, and in 2005, Tao Las Vegas opened its doors to brainless celebs like Britney Spears, Tara Reid, and of course, Paris Hilton.  With the "icons" of our generation flocking to this mega power club, the lemming touristas followed blindly.The masses consumed the wholly uninspired and overpriced food without blinking an eye.  They drank their cutsey sake-tinis and munched on the half-assed sushi bar under the watchful eye of the 20-foot Buddha.  They shook their bodies to the thumpity-thump electronic muzak like Massachusetts Shakers on Sunday mornings.My visits to Tao (a requirement of the job) have led to some realizations.  Perhaps I'm too old and out of touch with what's hip nowadays.  Maybe I've entered the second phase of my life and have become a "fuddy-duddy".  Or maybe, just maybe, I'm immune to the brain-washing of the 20-foot Buddha.**This would've been a 2-star review if I hadn't scored a pic with Tiffani Faison (of Top Chef season 1)  while visiting almost 2 years ago.  It was approximately 2 weeks before the Top Chef final and surprisingly, she was still serving food at Tao.  She was gracious and sweet.
4	I just got back from Las Vegas and ate at Tao Restaurant. We were a party of 8 and paid about $50 a person for 5 dishes, 4 different sushi and dessert. Total family style.  I highly recommend the Crunchy Tuna Roll. So good and very fresh. Everything on the Buddha Dessert Sampler was delicious.  There is milk chocolate and white chocolate mousse hiding under the huge fortune cookie.  It was amazing!  Make reservations, hopefully you'll be seated in-front of the huge Buddha.
3	Wow.  70 reviews.  Is it even worth my writing one?  Yes.I'll be brief.  The food quality and preparation was not on par with another shi-shi Asian fusion restaurant/club I'd been to recently, Buddakan in NYC.I didn't see any stars eating in there, although I've been told this is the place to go for a celeb sighting.  We did go there awfully early though.  Maybe the celebs were still sleeping off their hangovers.  Anyway, most of the celebs we saw were either sunbathing or playing blackjack.  Who knew?
5	LOVE the HUGE Buddah! This place just FELT cool, not to mention the people in here looked much cooler than the typical people walking the Vegas strip!!In a town filled with meat, this was a great place to get a vegetarian meal. You are usually in pretty good shape with asian food, but the abundance of fish and steak on the menu made me worry at first!WHAT WE GOTVeggie Spring RollsVeggie DumplingsKung Pao Chicken as Kung Pao tofu :) Sweet Potato, Japanese Eggplant and Avocado TempuraRoot of Innocence Sake (YUM!)The wine list is immense and great, but the sake was a better deal :)I personally recommend the avocado tempura!! I had never had avocado tempura before and these BIG yummy chunks are a great treat!
3	Eh.  I walked in to Tao drunk.  Way too drunk and I think sushi was a bad move, but I was hungry and craving spicy tuna.  The waiter was good looking, the ambiance was typical and the food was nothing memorable.  I did try the lobster dumplings to start and those were very good, but the sushi was just okay.  The drinks, not that I had needed anymore were very, very good.
4	We didn't actually go into the restaurant, rather we strolled into the lounge on a lowkey Sunday nite just to see what the hype was all about.The decor was GORGEOUS.  I want my house to look like the inside of this place!My drink was fantastic.  My friend ordered a tall greyhound and the waitress was nice enough to ask "double tall or tall w/ more grapefruit juice?"  No one has ever asked that before, so we gave her a big tip.The downside was that our drinks cost a lot of $$, however, the place itself and the friendly waitstaff made it that much better.We would definitely go again when/if we come back into town.
5	Lily S reviewed this place from her recent trip, and I was reminded to review it myself. I was there in march 2006, and I still dream about it. UPDATE: I found a stream-of-consciousness blog post I wrote about Tao, so I am pasting it here:The food- oh, the food! We ate at Tao, the swanky upscale gorgeous GORGEOUS zen styled restaurant in the hotel, where our waiter looked like a cross between Bruce Lee and Richard Gere. Both Gene and I fell in love with him. We sat under a 30' high Buddha who perched on a koi pond, ate delectable food and exquisite drinks. I had a mango something martini, which accompanied the loverly 'Buddha's harmonized vegetables for the minor gods', among other sumptuous dishes. The place is so incredibly beautiful, in that insanely huge budget kind of way. The entry way is lined with bathtub looking pools, filled with rose petals and orchids, with floating candles in them. The walls are lined with Buddhist statues inset in thier own little cubbies, the rooms are divided by floor to 50' ceiling white sheers. Incredible. Not usually does the food match the decor, but in the name of all things holy, it was incredible. Each thing was more delicious than the next, and I don't know how they made the chocolate dessert thing we ate, but it was the most velvety, creamy incredible thing I might have ever eaten.
5	I had always been curious to check this place out because of the decadent decor that adorns the front entrance, but always thought of it as only a club/bar scene. Little did I know it was a restaurant also! We had a fabulous dinner experience just a week ago and everything from the atmosphere to the food was delicious!
4	Wow, just wow.  The service for my event last night gets five of the biggest, flashiest, Vegas showgirl style stars you can even imagine.Just walking up, the zen almost washes over you as you wish that the tubs full of rose petals were actually there for you to soak in.  But then you remember it's Vegas, and that's nasty, and the pounding music hits you and you're not so zen.  Then you're just overwhelmed by the design of the place.  You walk into one of the most perfect lounge areas I've ever seen.  Tons of cuddly couches and areas to sit with friends, all bathed in a very sexy candlelit glow.  The better to enjoy your foofy, brightly colored cocktails in - maybe do a little canoodling.  Now THIS is a place I would definitely come to if I lived in the area.  I had something very blue - called the Blue Zin I think?  (That's what happens when you let bartenders make your drinks, but worth it, it was delish) And a BLUEBERRY cosmo which just might be the most beautiful tasting cocktail ever.  But yeah, they really should've used white cranberry juice instead of red.  I am totally stealing that drink as my own.And seriously, I cannot rave about the staff enough.  From setting up the event, to the execution, we were treated with kid gloves and doted upon the entire evening.  Our crowd had a great time and I was swimming in compliments for an event well done, and I know it was thanks to Tao and their dreamy staff (cutie patooties galore!).The apps were fab (and not just because I set the menu) - I especially liked the duck, the triangular pork spring rolls,and the shrimp (which were not rubbery or chewy at all, but soft and almost flaky).  The food at the buffet was only decent, and the desserts just okay, but absolutely adorable (hence the one missing star overall).I would recommend this location for an event a million times over - they have plenty of nooks and crannies (or nightclubs or balconies overlooking the main dining room) to fit your group, and the know how to make sure your event goes off without a hitch.
5	I sort of felt like I was supposed to pay admission to get in.  Tao is more of an experience rather than just a restaurant.  I enjoyed everything I ordered. From the sweet potatoes, to the onion rings, to the Pad Thai.  Everything was just amazing.  Our server was excellent.  He was friendly without being annoying.  I told the server that I was a Concierge and that I worked for an elite company (the name of which I can't say here because I'll get FIRED!!!)  and he brought out a complimentary fortune cookie.  I'm not talking about those little shits you get from the takeout place up the road.  This was a massive, probably 5 pound fortune cookie with one side filled with chocolate mousse and the other filled with white chocolate.  Covered in fresh, tropical fruit, it was absolutely stunning to look at and even better to devour.  Entering the bathroom, it's sort of hard to tell which one is for you as they are only labeled with "Yin" and "Yang."  Which one am I? Yin or Yang?  Omg omg omg.  A brief panic attack hit me as I feared entering the wrong gender bathroom in the hippest restaurant in Las Vegas.  Luckily, some slutty looking chicks went into one of the bathrooms (can't remember if it was yin or yang) and so I went into the opposite one.  Inside, a convenience store was waiting.  This is not a joke.  Every type of gum, breath mint/spray/strip, and designer cologne you could imagine was just sitting there.  Like 10 grand worth of Burberry just laying around.   Heaven! Except there wasn't an overly friendly Indian man working in there.  So, not a TRUE convenience store, but I'm confident that Tao will complete the theme sometime in the near future.  Anyway, Tao is even on opentable, so I really can't even find one, single flaw with the whole place.  If you're in Vegas, go there!  (If you're hot/cool/trendy/rich enough.... you fucking loser.)
4	food was not bad, chicken dumplings and a tempura mushroom pot thing was pretty good. we just sat at the bar they offered a full menu, no reservation needed just walk in early,if you eat there they give you a priority stamp so you dont have to wait in the tao line, which is hella long, girls are free guys were $30.overall not bad, but not the best food I have had.
3	If I could, I would give this place 3.5 stars.  To start with, we had our reservations at 10:15 but didn't actually get seated until well over 10:30.  The interior decor was very exotic and I loved the big buddha inside.  The food: I ordered the wasabi crusted filet mignon with tempura onion rings.  To be honest, I could not taste the wasabi much and the onion rings were a bit too dough-y.  The filet mignon was not very flavorful so I don't know if I would order that again.  The other dishes my friends had were delicious, especially the chilean sea bass and the buddha chicken.  The drinks: My friends ordered lychee martinis and they were quite good.  I'm not a fan of sweet drinks but it had the perfect amount of lychee in it. The dessert:  get the giant fortune cookie!!! The service: It seemed like the waiter only forgot my things.  He forgot my drink... then he forgot the limes for my drink... other than that he was alright.The layout:  the tables are VERY close together so it was annoying to keep bumping into the backs of people's chairs or have the waiters/busboys bump into the chairs.  Also it was very loud in the restaurant.  I wouldn't recommend it for parties bigger than 4 because you cannot hear what people are saying. The DJ:  The guy who was spinning the night we ate there was AWESOME
3	Like a good Jewish girl, I had to have Chinese food for Christmas.  Tao had a fun vibe, with a huge buddha and bathtubs full of rose petals, but the food just wasn't that impressive.  Most of the dishes tasted like syrupy american chinese food that you could get for $10 - and I don't want to tell you how much I spent.  The drinks were good, the chilean sea bass our waiter recommended was great, and desserts were delish, but overall I just wasn't blown away.Plus, the fire alarm kept going off!  At first we thought it was a strobe light, but it quickly became annoying.  Final weird note: we talked to out waiter about sex.  I'll leave the details to your imagination.
1	Tao is completely over hyped. It's nicely decorated and the people working at Tao are all very pretty. The DJ is even great. But the food is awful and the entire meal felt rushed. I felt like the waiters were really trying to turn the tables over quickly. The waiter even took my cocktail and didn't ask if I wanted another. This also happened with the food. But that's not even the worst part. The worst part was the actual food. Maybe I'm spoiled, living in the Bay Area. We have so much great Asian food. Tao just couldn't compare. Not even close. I understand it's Asian fusion, but it just did not taste good.The appetizers were OK. We had lobster wontons, the tuna tartar, and the chicken dumplings. Of course these were fine, how can you screw up a dumpling. For dinner we had sushi and it was some of the fishiest we've ever had. Just awful. We also had the miso glazed Chilean Sea Bass and it was tasty but I think it was undercooked. About a half hour after eating it, I got really sick. We kicked down like $150+ for dinner and it was as if I hadn't even eaten it. It honestly could have been anything I ate there that made me sick, but I really think it was the sea bass. We even had plans to go to the nightclub afterwards but we had such a terrible dinner we wanted to get the hell out of there. We ended up at the Palms. Avoid Tao. It's just not worth it.
4	Food: I heard so many great things about Tao so I had high expectations for the food. I ended up ordering the mongolian scallion chicken which was very tasty. I wish portions were a little bigger though. I also tried the squab lettuce cups which I loved! They have a nice selection on their menu and also daily specials.Price: Prices here are expensive. My dish was about $27 or so and my appetizer was around $15, I think. You're really paying for the atmosphere.Service: Service is outstanding here. We dined here early but there were plenty of waiters taking care of us. They were all polite, well mannered and very on top of their stuff.Also you can make reservations on Opentable.com but if you are planning on dining on a Friday or Saturday night...make them at least a month or so in advance!Atmosphere: I loved it. We dined upstairs. Considering that we were here for an early dinner, it wasn't loud or anything. Very relaxing actually. I would love to see the night club next time. The entrance here is also beautiful. There are rose petal baths! I would love to come here to celebrate a birthday or something.Location: Located right in the Venetian near the exit of the Venetian canal shops.
3	It's more like 2.5 stars but I didn't pay my boss did, and I don't want to know how much he spent either.Over all this place was okay.I admit the servers were very good, attentive, talkative, the atmosphere was not bad either but the food........ unbelievably average!!Coming from Los Angeles, I guess we are so used to good quality, high standard Asian bistro type of food.Most of the food we had were so salty. I started to wonder if they wanted us to keep ordering wines and beers to wash it down.Filet mignon steak - tender and juicy good portion of beef , but why wasabi flavor bread crumbs outside???We were impressed with the desserts, everything was yummy.  I can give 4 stars to their desserts.
2	Okay I will start by saying that the food was not at all what I was expecting when I made reservations at this restaurant.  Upon arrival, the decor was very nice and I thought I was in for a treat.  Well I was wrong.  We started with a few cocktails, which were good.  We ordered some starters, The Edamame sampler (was good and the garlic wasabe edamame was an interesting twist on a favorite), Hot and Sour Soup with Shrimp toast (my soup was pitch black, and the shrimp toast was burnt on the outside but mushy on the inside?), and Vegetable Dumplings (were overcooked, the skins were mushy).  For entrees we ordered the Fried Rice, Kung Pao Chicken (which was basically like Sweet and Sour Chicken at most chinese fast food restaurants, but not fried), Eggplant, and Noodles.  After seeing the food I think the prices are absolutely ridiculous for what they provide.  The food is not flavorful in any way and I definently think that Tao needs to revamp their dishes (all of them were unimpressive)At the end of our meal we did get a dessert which was a sampler of many of their desserts.  I have to say this was definently the highlight of a disappointing meal.  They had a sparkler on the dessert platter when they brought it out and the thing that caught my attention was the GIGANTIC fortune cookie (which has white chocolage mousse on one side and chocolate mouse on the other side).  They also had some sort of chocolate cake with a melted chocolate inside, and a fried dessert eggroll.  Overall I would recommend for the money you can find much better places to eat in Las Vegas.
2	I went to Tao with three friends and we were very disappointed in our experience.   We were rushed through the entire meal.  The server kept hovering around the table to take our order even though we were just seated.  After we placed our order, he forgot to bring one of the appetizers.  Then, our entrees were brought out before we finished our appetizers.  We were asked about dessert before the table was cleared.  It is unusual for four women not to want dessert, but we were just not up for any with the remains of dinner in front of us.  We did like the atmosphere.  The food was good, although I wish my meal, the Roasted Buddha Chicken, was a larger portion.  Overall, we were really looking forward to a nice night and meal, and Tao did not measure up due to service issues.
5	The food was amazing, our server Lee was just fun. And for a group of 50 people, I'd highly recommend it. When you can get the food right for a group that large, you know they're doing something right.I asked for a specialty cocktail menu, they sent the bartender over...umm can I take this menu to go, hello hotty! All the staff knew the menu backwards and forwards. The decor is beautiful. Our drinks never went empty, nothing was taken without us being asked. Great place for large groups!
5	Came here for a friend's bday dinner (see pic). The experience was AMAZING! Great food, great people, great ambiance, great everything...srsly! I can't remember when I've had more fun!Delish tao-tinis, and the sushi was MHHHHHHHHHHHHH. That's all I can say.Also, being treated like a VIP wasn't too shabby either! ;)
3	Had my 17 year old daughter and one of her friends in town the last 2 days ( she had several friends in town for a cheerleader competition at the orleans ) - asked them what they wanted to eat ...surprisingly, they said chinese...but i know them well enough that they don't want spring mtn chinese, they want pf changs chinese...i thought, i've been wanting to try tao...they will probably like the "scene" so what the heck.   no reservation, a little busy...of course they seat us right next to the "service" area ...  ok...i can live with that.  the decor...it's a cool looking place...no doubt - my daugther and her friend are mesmerized...but hey...i'm all about the food !!my 1st  true minor beef - very low lighting and small print on the menu - my daughter has to read most of it to her decrepid papa !!  we order - edamame, chicken potstickers and lobster won-tons to start.  my daughter orders shrimp pad thai, her friend orders pork noodles, i order  miso chilean sea bass some beans and mushrooms.  i also had some foo-foo drinks - one had watermelon, the other rasberry ...both served in martini glasses...maximum 4 ounces in each....ehhhhthe highs - the edamame ( had salt and tarragon...nice touch )                     the lobster won-tons ...a little heavy on the butter                    the bass - a little overcooked, on the edgesthe lows  -  the dumplings....dry                    the pad thai - too much filling ( nuts/cilantro/ etc )                                          - the shrimp - very dry                   the beans - very, very dryoverall, ok , but pricey - total bill $167 ...pf changs next time baby !!!
4	Ok I didn't eat here, but I give it at least four stars for the design and ambiance. Absolutely gorgeous. Got a hot date? Take them here STAT!The lobby sets a romantic tone w/ old-fashioned white bathtubs 3/4 full of water with candles and flowers floating on top.
2	This place is studpidly overrated. So DARK... ooohhh...ahhhhhh Giant buddha man and waterfalls in the background is a nice touch. Anyone that walks in will be impressed by the amount of money that probably went into this place. Yikes. However, if you are opting to dine at the actually restaurant be prepared to spend alot of moolah for no real reason. Thats if you can even see what is on the menu...i had to hold the menu up to the dinky tea light in the middle of the table and shove my face into the menu to see what the heck i was going to order it was so dark. Overrated. The club was ok. I think the best part is the comedy you get out of it. There are naked girls in bathtubs, sprinkled with rose petals. Hello and welcome to Vegas.
4	I am giving Tao 4 stars based on my other experiences in Las Vegas, particularly on the Strip.  Restaurants there are generally over-priced.  You have to remember that Las Vegas is far from any port so if you are visiting from a town where they choose their fish daily from the port side fish market and you like seafood, they have a bit of a challenge here.We went with a group of 7. We enjoyed both the bar and the restaurant.  Another yelper complained about the glass wine list, I don't mind trying new wines so I actually thought it was a good list.  This is not a place to go for group discussion, you can't hear across the table.  But so long as you have good dinner partners on either side of you, you'll have a great time.  Beautiful People watching gets an A+.  The vibe and the atmosphere is definitely fun.Most of our party got the miso seabass which as someone mentioned miso fish (officially called "saikyo" preparation in Japanese) is always good.  I was very happy with my seafood hotpot that included nice sized scallops, shrimp and chunks of lobster.  At the bar they serve complementary wasabi dried peas that are totally addictive.We were at the Venetian for a trade show and had a big day following so we didn't take advantage of the VIP tickets to the club that they gave us with our dinner.
4	5 stars for the food.  -1 star for the sushi chefs ignoring the bar and relying on the waiters entirely, even when the bar was almost deserted.The food here was so very good.  My sister and I went in for a light snack and barely managed to not order a 3rd helping of the chicken potstickers after we decided we'd had enough sushi.  The place also has a very nice look and friendly wait staff who know their tea.
3	Came here for a friend's birthday dinner back in October. I don't have anything against Asian fusion, as long as it's done right. And I just wasn't impressed with this place. The food was so-so. The help was... well..  I don't even know. The decor is cool, but that may be it's only redeeming quality. That, and the dessert platter (chocolate Buddhas almost seem blasphemous, but oh wells). I probably wouldn't come back to eat here for dinner (unless, of course, it's for someone else's birthday... then it's whatever they want to do).
5	Hi we checked out TAO after our limo drive gave us some free coupons for free food/drinks here.  I guess it's ok but it felt sort of "chainy" for my tastes.  The food was sorta greasy and the service was great but if I had to pay for my food/drinks then I would probably give it 3 stars...
4	Naked Girls in tubs covered by rose petals. That pretty much sums up the entrance to Tao. Only in Vegas. The food here was surprisingly good, from the cooked food to the sushi. I was pleasantly delighted with this dining experience and would go back for seconds..on the food of course you perv!
1	Me: WHAT?Friend: W(@#(*)Q@Me: WHAT?  I can't hear you.Friend: (leans in closer) &#$#&(Me: WHAT?!?!  THIS PLACE IS SO LOUD!Friend:  (screams in ear) WTF IS THAT ALARM GOING OFF!Tao Restaurant successfully made four twenty-five year olds fear hearing loss.  In addition to the techno music pumping at high volume throughout the clamoring and bustling restaurant, an alarm system accompanied by flashing strobe lights continued to blare for over ten minutes during our meal.  I couldn't tell if I was in the nightclub or the actual restaurant for quite some time.  Talk about an identity crisis.In addition to the terrible music, alarm, and audio ambiance, the management and order of this place is really sub-par.  The first problem is having the entrance to the nightclub be the same as the entrance to the restaurant causing a severe bottleneck at the door and eliminating the waiting space for a table.  We had reservations for five at 9:45.  At 10:15 we were seated, at a table for FOUR, next to the service entrance.  It was absurd.  We called the mai'tre d over to explain our situation and he told us that he was "unable to build us another table" and that the much larger and currently vacated table was already reserved.After we instruct our waiter to bring us whatever is best on the menu, and to "keep it coming," and a party of TWO was sat at the table for SIX that we had been eyeing, the mait're d came over and offered us SHOTS to compensate us.  I couldn't believe this - we were here with PARENTS - who LIVE in Vegas and are locals - and we also had a table waiting for us upstairs at the club.  We  were shoveling them a ton of money, and I really couldn't believe how we were being treated.Finally, we were moved to a larger table and given a free bottle of champagne, but all the fuss didn't make it worth.  Even if the duck was absolutely delicious.  Even though our bill was under $400 for five, I would skip this place and head to d.b.'s or another Vegas restaurant with a better vibe, better service, and better core values.  SAVE YOUR EARDRUMS!
1	I definitely have a beef with this place.  There's a long wait, and the food is very very average.  Plus, they pulled that "sparkling or still" water crap.  Excuse me if I don't go to fancy places all the time where tap water isn't given as a choice.  Our table of 7 (? it's been a while, I don't remember the exact number) spent about $40-$50 just on freaking water!!  The food was expensive too.Lastly, I take issue with the whole Buddha, fake Asian thing.  Seems kind of tacky.  And wrong.
1	tao is way overpriced.  i ate there once with some girlfriends and told myself i would never eat there again.  but i did end up going back for a dinner party we were throwing for a friend.  don't get me wrong.  i love fine dining restaurants...but tao's food...i won't say it's horrible, but somebody should introduce them to a spice rack.  even the drinks sucked.  i ordered a tiger lily...thinking it would be amazing.  don't waste your time.  if you're at the venetian and want chinese/asian fusion,  you're better off ordering stir fry and sushi rolls at grand lux.
5	I have to give Tao five stars based on the fact that there was a waiter in Las Vegas who knew how to accomodate to a vegan. Make that one that even knew what a vegan was. (I got some strange looks and questions on how to spell v-e-g-a-n from concierges at some pretty prestigious hotels/restaurants) So the VBF was happy and so was I. Our waiter was nice and honest about what a vegan could eat and what was cooked with chicken stock. had egg, etc. He also mentioned meat/chicken/fish dishes that could be substituted with tofu. I loved my duck fried rice and my roll was delicious. Plates were well-timed and we didn't have to do much waiting. The decor is pretty much like every Asian fusion higher-end restaurant in the West coast. Prices are very reasonable.Try their version of the mojito, it's delicious!!
4	We enjoyed the overall experience here.We ate at TAO last July ('07) and found it all a new sort of dining experience.We had a reservation but still had to wait an hour for a table, the waiting area was overcrowded but still comfortable. The bar staff were very good in fetching drinks while you waited.The rather 'slutty' waitresses were a little off putting.  Even my husband (who enjoys a good eyeful) said that the whoreishness of the waiting area servers was obnoxious and way over the top.We got a table right next to the big statue and the candle wall and that was really nice. Our server (luckily not one of the whoreish ones) was really nice and spent a little time talking to us and just being hospitable.We LOVED the food. A wide range and many different things to try. I think there is something for everyone, if they like the 'out of the ordinary' Asian food.This (of course) being Vegas and in the Venetian is going to have that little extra price tag, but it was exorbitant and we though it was worth paying a little more for the experience of TAO.-1/2 a star for the stupid waiting time, -1/2 a star for the hooker waitresses.
3	Quite a scene here.  Consistent with other reviews, we weren't seated until an hour after our reservation time.  Which meant I dropped about $100 at the bar waiting.  As the night gets later, the crowd really pours in.  I couldn't wait to get to our table.  The amount of dudes standing around gawking at the women was ridiculous.  I don't know if the cheese dick bus stopped off but some of the people here were straight out of central casting for 'Night at the Roxbury'Overall, my dining experience was good.  I thought the food was good considering its Vegas and everything here seems to be a knock off of an respectable restaurant elsewhere in the country.  The service was SLOW, but I can't blame our server, it was hectic in there.
5	Not only is Tao one of the most gorgeous restaurants i've ever seen, but the food AND service were at another level.  Be sure to get the Sea Bass (melts like buttah, baby) and take full advantage of the bar.  The  eggplant, while quite spicy, is really good (and i normally HATE eggplant).  The entire dining experience is great, and I found myself having a 3+ hr dinner at Tao (actually, we closed down the mezzanine dining level) and the waiter was not only attentive, but very personable.  The candle on our table went out and it took less than 30 seconds for someone to notice and replace it.  Yes, not really a critical part of having a nice dinner but it just showcases the level of service and attention to detail the wait staff had.  Everyone was willing to come by and ask how we're doing (including the mafia-don type manager who was really nice and actually kinda funny) but we didnt feel crowded at all.  It's a bit pricey, esp if you have several drinks, but it's well worth it.
4	The food was very interesting.  Some of it worked, some of it didn't, but the overall experience was delightful (until they turned up the music way too loud to talk.)  The decor is outstanding, Buddha statues all around, including one 30 foot one.  The food is Asian fusion.  I had salmon/avocado/crab roll which was excellent (real crab.)  The duck spring rolls were a bit over done, but tasty.  We had the lobster sea food dish, the lobster was  a bit overcooked and the sauce was heavy, but the dish was good.  The soups were very well done (cream corn and hot and sour.)  The blueberry won ton dessert was just excellent.  If I'd had more room I would have ordered another.We had the lettuce wraps, which were okay, but pretty standard.  I had a couple of sake flights (they have an excellent selection) which were delightful.  The wine list is very good.  Don't bother asking for a blended drink, 'it takes too much time..." the waiter claimed.  The service was very good, actually too good, as they started bugging us too much.  First to explain every single dish on the menu in excruciating detail (it is a big,eclectic menu.)  then to constantly refill my water glass every time I set it down.  It was a good meal overall and I'd recommend it.  We got their early with reservations when they opened and were promptly seated.
3	3.5 stars.The restaurant was absolutely beautiful - exactly what you'd expect. Soaring ceilings, ponds, Buddha statues all over the place. And they knew how to mix a cocktail, which always wins me over. However, the food was only decent, not great - both the entrees and the sushi. For those prices, I'd at the very least expect good. And the music was playing so loudly that we had to scream at each other to be heard.The highlight of dinner was dessert. We got an enormous platter that included a little bit of everything - the molten chocolate cake with coconut ice cream, chocolate Buddhas, the giant fortune cookie, and the chocolate parfait. It was INCREDIBLE. I'd go back just for that alone. Yum.Overall - definitely worth checking out, but a bit overrated.
3	Better the first time...this was my second visit to Tao. They made us wait til everyone was there to be seated even when we had 3/4 of the group there and we had a show to make.But once seated, service was fast and friendly. Drinks are yummy, and they did them up right, even when when I gave them my funky vodka mojito order that makes most waiters scratch their head.The food seemed tastier the first time around, nothing quite impressed like a year ago. Maybe Tao is getting a little old or my taste buds sharper, not quite sure. The filet is still yummy and dumplings were pretty good but everything else was okay. One must-try, their dessert doughnuts...definitely a win-win.I probably wouldn't return a third time, Tao was fun, but it's had its 15 minutes of fame in my Vegas...there are too many other new places to try in whirlwind Vegas!!
4	We had a large party so we had to wait to be seated but as you come in the decor is all Asian Fusion flair and  and modern.  Once seated we got our drinks pretty quick and ordered a ton of small plates of: springrolls, spicy tuna rolls, prawns, yummy kobe sirloin, lobster wontons, etc.. Everything tasted pretty good but I was not wowed.  I ordered the chocolate parfait and it was the best!! Service seemed very prompt overall.  I think the place is nice but pretty pricey and maybe just a place you go one time and that is it.
3	Most people only know TAO for the nightclub and don't even realize that there is a restaurant there.  There are two types of people who come to TAO to eat: 1-those who actually come for the food 2-those who are using the restaurant to get into the club. I must admit first off that I fell into the second category because we brought only brought sausages to the party. That being said I still appreciate good food and the food was mediocre at best.  For those who were wondering what the sashimi was like, wonder no more. It was small PERIOD. Four small pieces to be exact. Because I was freakin starving after that and for some crazy reason did not want all my calories to be liquids, we tried the Peking Duck. The duck came promptly but it was cold and bland tasting. For 60+ bucks you would think they could at least give us warm food. The only benefit to eating here is that you can get a line pass into the club and you don't need to bring a slew of chicks with you. The service was prompt and our waitress was friendly. Our food was moderate at best and I left hungry and with much less money to spend on the ten dollar beers upstairs. I would have given this two stars but it receives three for the sole reason that it got us into the club without waiting. The extra money just might have been worth it to see the look on all the dudes faces in lines as we passed them by.
4	I liked it.  Not the best, not the worst.  My friend and I walked in at 8ish on a Saturday night with no reservation.  (We'd tried to get one, but were told the earliest possible was 11pm).  The host was great and said he could get us a table in 20 to 30 minutes (yes, we were looking our gorgeous best that night).  Turned out to be about 45 minutes, but was happy to wait since we grabbed a seat at the bar, ordered a glass of wine, and snacked on the wasabi-coated edamame, which were so very tasty.  After our buzzer went off, we were seated at a perfect little corner table.  Would have been perfect for a date, but alas, it was just my girl friend and I.  Not that I mind. Ninety-nine percent of the time I'd rather be with her than a date, anyway.  Beautiful, opulent decor.  Our server was very friendly.  Recommended a half bottle of wine when we were both ordering a glass, which gave us more bang for the buck.We shared the chicken dumplings (fine), the crabcake appetizer special (so, so good), and the wasabi filet mignon with onion rings (tasty and perfectly cooked). Overall, a good experience. Plus we got front of the line passes for the club. Definitely tops it off nicely.
3	Very cool atmosphere. LA type reservations though. Reservations: 10:00. Seat time 10:50. Very nice with the decor and dj's. Good music. Good apps. I recommend the Thai Shrimp app. The Filet with noodles was too peppery but everone who had the most popular miso fish came to conclusion: Delicious.
5	So far I have to say that this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. I haven't had any of the sushi here but bet it is good. I've had scallops that were delicious and the miso soup. OMG!First of all this place gets a 5 for ambiance. The two-story tall Buddha statue looks like something I would put in my house if I was a millionare. I love Asian decor. I have a much smaller red Buddha in my condo as we speak. I love the Koi pond and this place is just cool. What can I say. It's not just the place. It literally makes you feel like a cooler person when you walk in here. The food is awesome. Nothing on the menu is bad. I've had steak entrees that were great and everything else is just delicious. The miso clam soup is soo good. They put whole clams in the shell into your soup. I don't know who thought this would work but it actually does! Delicious. I love Tao.
5	One of my favorite Sushi places. Long waits, but it's Tao, so it's to be expected. Great service once seated, great music, and amazing food. Def a must.
3	My girl's bachelorette pack wandered in here a little after 2 or 3 a.m. The ambience and decor is nice - one friend tried to dip her feet in the rose petal covered "baths" that line the entrance, that is until security reprimanded her.We were already pretty tipsy so we didn't have anymore drinks, we were just there for the music and, quite frankly, since we stayed at the Venetian it was the most convenient, and open place for us to go. I guess that it kind of won by default but we still liked it. They have cool buddist projections on the dimly lit walls, and the hallway to the restroom is lined in buddist monk art. They should have named this place Buddist because of all the bodacious Buddist decor at every corner.Anyway, the only negative is that we tried to explore the upper level, but got denied because we didn't have a stamp on our hand. Not sure what that stamp was, or where to get it, but it was probably a buddah head. Oh well, we enjoyed ourselves anyway. But be forewarned that if you head in at the wee hours of the night, there are drunks o plenty who are full of brave juice and you'll have to either laugh em off or swat them away like flies! Either way it makes for some hilarious times!
4	I've eaten here twice, on separate trips to Vegas, and I've never tried a dish I didn't really like. It's certainly expensive for what's on the plate, but you're also paying for the ambiance and the exclusivity -- this place is a hot ticket in Vegas. Last night I sampled the appetizer of steamed chicken potstickers (very tasty) and the fish hot pot main course, which was full of delicious shellfish in a lovely spicy broth that smacked of lemongrass, garlic, chili, etc. Sooo good. After finishing off the lobster, clams, scallops, shrimp and calamari that were floating around, I pretty much wanted to drink the bowl dry, the broth was that good. My date had the wasabi crusted filet mignon, which came with onion rings and a few greens. I tried a piece of his steak and it was a really tender, delicious filet. Our table was a group of 8 in total, and there was a special occasion to celebrate, so we asked what they could do -- they ended up bringing out a special sampler dessert for the table, replete with sparkler, and even wrote a message on the plate in chocolate sauce, as we'd requested. Even the dessert (a giant fortune cookie filled with vanilla and chocolate mousse, a mochi sampler, and ice cream), was really tasty.
2	Tao Restaurant is a pretty nice place.  Really cool environment, good vibe, beautiful layout, etc, etc.  It's also not a bad thing that they don't seat you right away (even if you have reservations)....they have a nice lounge area.If restaurants were all about the environment, then Tao would get 5 stars.  But alas, this is a review of a restaurant, so the actual food is important too.  Typical asian fusion stuff....a mix of a wide variety of asian dishes.  If you don't know what asian fusion is, think about it this way....you can order sashimi (Japanese), pad thai (thai), satay chicken for appetizers (thai), and then throw down some shrimp, sea bass, spicey tuna rolls, kung pao, etc.  Oh yeah, avoid the sashimi....we're talking 4 small leaflets worth for $60.  The food is decent, but nothing special.  The environment goes along way (great place to take your special someone or a bunch of friends)...but the food is nothing to rave about.  Remember, it's definitely on the pricey end.  If you're considering a few appetizers, some drinks, maybe a bottle of sake, an entree for you and your sweatie, and then some dessert to close the deal, we're talking $100 each, easily.And please, please don't go here just to get a free line pass for Tao, the club.  It's not worth it.  Why pay $100 per person for a mediocre dinner just to get into the club?  And besides, if you're part of a sausage fest, you'll still have to pay cover and still wait a bit in line.  And if you cheap out on the dinner (where your main motivation was to get into the club and it's obvious), the server doesn't have to hook you up.And once you're in, you're screwed because Tao is geared towards table service.....unless you enjoy being packed like sardines (well I suppose if there were two girls and you.....).  Anyways, think about it...$100 for dinner, $ for cover, and then a whole bunch of $ for drinks. ...and standing the whole time and being very uncomfortable.  Or spending $200-$250 each person for bottle/table service, depending on how many are in your group.  It's a no brainer.So back to the Tao restaurant....great environment good vibe, cool place to eat......average food.
5	ok I know I'm late to review this.. I ate here at the end of March, but one of my friends just reviewed it and it got me craving this place again. I loved it so much I HAVE to say something!! I'm sorry my review comes 2 months late! You walk into this place and it's just swanky and oozed coolness. I love the big Budda and the rest of the decor is funky as well. Loud ambient lounge/chill music could be heard overhead... I was so happy I was wearing a leopard print halter, otherwise I would have felt under dressed here. Cosmos were fantastic! The sushi was excellent too. I have no idea where they fly the sushi in - as we were in the dessert, but it didn't matter it tasted fabulous and fresh! Pan seared Tuna was fantastic, but OMG the  Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass was to DIE FOR- I mean to DIE FOR. I still dream about it 2 months later..... Bathrooms for me were confusing - the doors had a yin icon on one, and a yang on the other. I got to the door and though WTF, I should have kept up with my yoga class and maybe I would know this.... and while I was trying to decide which door I was going to bust through, some chick walked into Yin and I followed her. Later my friends nicely pointed out - had I not had 3 cosmos I might have noticed the female budda outside of the women's room as the clue... oooops who knew?My take - this is a MUST visit place for dinner in Vegas. It will not disappoint, but make sure to make a reservation otherwise you will wait a long time! I made mine on open table a few weeks before my trip.
2	Absolutely BEAUTIFUL inside.   Statues, scented ponds filled with fresh rose petals, candles galore, dark, red, stone, Japanese calligraphy... gorgeous.     *gorgeous*...HOWEVER.   The music and crowd on a Friday night was obnoxious as hell.   The food is great and our server was helpful, BUT only eat here if you like dining in a nightclub.  Ridiculously loud, crowded and intense.   Not what I was hoping for.   I would only come back if it was lunchtime and the atmosphere was more serene.   I don't mind going to nightclubs, I'm a professional dancer and I love a good cocktail, people watching et al...   I just don't wanna eat in the middle of one where I can't have a conversation without yelling.    My dining companion had a splitting headache before we were done with our entree. Expect to be seated a full half hour late at least, even if you have a reservation.
4	I read that you still had to wait with reservations. I think we waited like 15 minutes past our reservation time.  We were entertained by some strong cocktails and a wandering saxophonists playing to the house beats the DJ was spinning. I tried to avert the saxophonist but homeboy just could not let up.It is a beautiful restaurant. we were not thinking it would be a quiet romantic dinner. The husband and I did sharesies and had the spicy tuna tartare appetizer which looked like a roll, the rice had a crunch as if they put in on a frying pan...it was good.  Memorable was the wasabi crusted filet mignon with tempura onion rings. It had a little kick only wasabi would bring. Also memorable the crunchy spicy yellowtail roll with crushed onion rings. The lo mein with pork- ah okay...but you can get that anywhere i think. The lobster and shrimp dumplings were good.Drinks were really good.  We enjoyed the people watching and the pulsing beats of the DJs. It's Vegas so don't expect bible study groups-it's all about the bachelors/bachelorettes and general party people. oh and ask for the stamp so you don't have to wait in the awful line
1	I don't what to make of this resturant.  This restaurant really did whored out East Asian culture with all the Buddhist figures, it almost seems ironic in the heart of Sin City.  This is another level of whorentialism by whites.
3	I really liked the decor. Fresh rose petals, buddhas, candlelights, dim, very romantic. We had the soft shell crab roll, shrimp tempura roll, and dragon roll with eels. They were all better than average, though a bit small - not unexpected.Kids wanted the lobster wonton soup and shrimp tempura. The soup was better than the tempura - too thick and oily. We tried the duck spring roll, it was pretty good, don't mind ordering again. The eight of us shared the kobe beef with scallons, XO shrimp,Pad thai,lo mein, kung pao chicken, assorted sashimi, and the lobster dish that I totally hate my friend for ordering .... just kidding about the hate part.....  Every entree was very salty, and the worst part was it tasted like the same sauce was used for every dish. with all the food we ordered and consumed, I actually still had room for dessert, I must say this is probably the best part of the meal. The chocolate parfait with Godiva liquer was nice, balances out the saltiness lingering in my mouth. Tried hubby's lychee sorbet - refreshing, kid's mousse fortune cookie, so-so, but they found it amusing. I actually could eat more, the portions were just too small. we did not see Paris Hilton, but did see Robin Leach with a couple young blonds. :)
5	This place made my night.I must have gotten lucky because everything I ordered to eat was delicious (see my pics).  I shared the wasabi-encrusted filet mignon, sea-bass, fried rice, and salmon with udon noodles.  The rice wasn't anything special but each of the other dishes was delicious.  The sea-bass was amazingly cooked and the filet mignon hit the spot.We had a group of 15 and the service was ultra-efficient and super smooth.  I'm a huge fan of the decor of Tao nightclub, and can say the same holds true with the design of the restaurant (tho it is a bit dark.)  The servers were super friendly to us and at the end of the night as a perk for eating there, we got VIP stamps to get into the club.  And I'm not talking about "VIP" status where you get into a "VIP" line and wait another f-ing hour.  At 10PM we left the restaurant and were in the club in under 10 minutes even though a line was building up outside.  Considering I spent about $40 on the food, and entry into the club would have been about $20 anyways...well that's what I think anyone would call a good deal.If you're going to come and complain about the "noise level" take a pause and think about it.  What do you expect from a resaurant sitting below the club (with the same name, mind you).The only weird thing to me now is that two of my favorite places in Vegas have the same place ..Tao and Tao.  Nightclub and restaurant.
2	Ok, you walk in and the feeling is well, oh man, not this.  "House" music bumpin', I felt like I was in a scene from Showgirls - and not a sex scene.  I think Nomi Malone would throw a hissy fit and throw fries all over the pretentious jerks who strut around at "Tao".  The 30 foot tall Buddha is striking - and stupid.  I had tuna nigiri (which was really good) chicken something on a stick, some sort of fried affair and a whole bunch of other fusion food.  The food was ok but it made me crave real food, that's something about Vegas I noticed.  Yeah, they make a good mojito with a cute little sugar cane stick up in it, it was sweet, it made feel good, just like the feeling I had when I got out of there.
4	This was the unsuccessful leg one of our ultimately successful bid to find hella late night night sushi in Vegas on a Monday night near the strip.  The decor is beautiful and the host guy was very polite in telling us where to find more info... from Social House in TI.
4	Went here with some friends for dinner.  It's a nice fusion spot and the food is tasty and has a good variety.  It's expensive and our waiter said a lot of VIP's show up there.  It was convienent for us because we were staying in the Venetian.  I'd go back.  They have some crazy drinks.
4	Well after some ups and downs in Vegas dining i'm glad to have stumbled upon Tao.All because I was anxious to get out of the Venetian for a new setting, to my surprise before I could exit the rose petals and candlelight tubs caught my eye!nice setting, but thats Vegas for youSat at the bar as I was taking a shopping breakDean guided me towards the sea bass on the small plate menu.For five bites a bit costly (17), but worth every penny!My only gripe with him would be that he didn't suggest the dinner portion knowing how good it was. One spicy tuna roll order later I was where I needed to be, but sad to know I would be leaving Vegas and not to eat this "delish" dish again.Oh and he was somewhat attentive, but could of checked up an additional time or two to make it perfect.
3	Tao... great ambiance! Love the dim lighting, bathtubs filled with rose petals, candles and especially the huge Buddha statue as the focal point of the restaurant/club. With that said... the food... eehh. Yes, just eeh. I had great service - the wait staff was very attentive - my water glass was always topped off even thought it was 3/4s full.Maybe it was the hype of everyone - family, friends, celebrities - that I thought my dinner at TAO was going to be a culinary experience. Honestly, I probably would have had a better meal at PF Chang's and spent a lot less for it. My appetizer (steamed dumplings) was bland and my noodle dish was so oily and greasy! I left feeling quite unsatisfied and quite queasy too. Would I go TAO for the club and drinks? Sure - it's the Buddha that calls me.Would I go for dinner at TAO again? Yes, but only if I was outnumbered in a large group and that's where everyone decided to go. Otherwise... probably not.
3	Atmosphere is very lounge-y, decor is really cool.  The food was alright.  I did like the chilean sea bass satay.  But 2 pieces for $17 is crazy.  I don't think it was enough food, and I'm a small eater.  The waiter talked to us like we didn't know how to read a menu.  Hence, I thought the experience was ok.
5	to be honest, i actually loved this asian fusion restaurant. and normally, i'm not down with places where there's more caucasian people than asians. but tao is totally an exception. our party of 14 had reservations at 8:15 on a saturday night, and we got seated exactly at 8:15 (give or take a couple minutes). we had to get 2 tables, but our waitress was fabulous! she was sooo nice, i was expecting her to be sort of snobby because well, it's tao. i ordered the xo shrimp with rice and long beans (beware, some items don't include sides such as rice and veggies. ask the waitress/waiter which ones do). it was FANTASTIC. the shrimp was perfectly cooked, and the beans were so tasty. the rice was also cooked well, something i didn't expect, since it's so americanized at tao. boyfriend ordered the salmon with udon noodles. holy cow! i wish i'd ordered that, too! (not instead, but TOO!). luckily, he always has a small appetite, so we got to share!  perfectly cooked salmon, too. not dry at all, or bland. from what my brother said, the shabu shabu was also really yummy, and the broth that it's cooked in is nicely flavored.not only was the food great, the service was incredible. people kept asking us if we were enjoying ourselves, and our waitress and waiter were not rude one bit, which made my cousin's 30th birthday so special for her. they recommended the dessert sampler, $65 for a variety of desserts (a HUGE fortune cookie, chocolate mousses, molten lava cake) and they stuck a sparkler in there so we can sing happy birthday to her. she loved it! and it fed all 14 of us. the desserts are fabulous! our party spent $845 a good amount of food, a couple bottles of sake, and a bottle of wine. not bad at all, in my opinion. i will for sure be there the next time i'm in vegas!
5	Okay, so this place is really hyped up .... but it didn't fall short.  Really, the food is excellent -- the service pretty good -- the ambiance is exactly what you'd want or expect it to be.  They actually kept our reservation pretty close to the time we made it for.  So, the experience was a great one!  My party of eight got a varied mix of food but I had the filet mignon udon noodles and I have to say, they were pretty damn good.  Surprisingly good.  :-) I came out feeling very satisfied -- and so did my entire party.  I really want to find out where that picture of the older asian man smoking the opium pipe can be found ... it was really beautiful.  Anyway, enjoy Tao folks.  :-)
3	I had realllllly high hopes for my dining experience at Tao, and to be honest, it was way below my expectations!We arrived slightly early for our reservations but were seated immediately, which was great. The atmosphere was awesome. So trendy, cool, interesting lighting, and how can you miss the HUGE buddah statue in the middle of it all? Undeniably, the atmosphere is the best part of Tao. To drink, I had the Lychee Nut Martini. Very, very good. Strong flavor of alcohol and lychee alike, it was one of the best drinks I had on my trip. We started out with Lobster Wontons in a Shiitake Ginger Broth. By far, the best thing we ate all evening, although the $18 price tag was a little hefty for four bite-sized wontons. Yes, they were delicious- plump, filled entirely with chunks of lobster, but still. I am a huge ginger and mushroom fan, so this broth was awesome! I wish I had some rice to sop up the goodness once we were through with the dumplings!Maybe this is where we went wrong. We decided to get sushi and split it. Maybe one shouldn't order sushi from Tao, as everyone around us seemed to be thoroughly enjoying their food. Plus, it looked better than ours. Shrimp Tempura Roll- This was very unique because it was served with curry sauce. I  enjoyed the flavor of the curry with the sushi roll. Almost like a fusion of Indian/Japanese cuisine. Spicy Tuna Roll- Good, but nothing amazing. I've had just as good a Spicy Tuna Roll at a hole in the wall for half the price. I did NOT like that it was served atop a puddle of mayonnaise. I understand that mayonnaise is blended within the roll as a 'spicy sauce', but this was just WAY too much mayo. Yuck. Alaskan Salmon, Crab, and Avocado Roll- Nothing really identifiable or special. Once again, I've had MUCH better. Perhaps my expectations were too high, but Tao felt like an upscale PF Changs. However, I'm glad I went because I've wanted to dine there forever. If I were to do it over, I would order one of their entrees, like Mongolian Scallion Chicken, Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass, or Braised Spicy Shrimp. Service was not very good. Felt like we were rushed the entire time.
2	The server was amazing!  Through out the meal his was very helpful and friendly....... but that doesn't make up for the awful food!   Ambiance doesn't make up for the disgusting food.  The food is so bad....... it makes it over priced.  We started off with veggie dumplings.  Let me just say, Trader Joe's makes better dumplings!  The we got an tuna wasabi appetizer.  The pieces were so big, we could barely fit them in our mouth!  We also got another roll that was cut into large pieces.It comes down to this, I don't mind spend money on a good meal!  What a waste of money!Don't go!!!!!!
4	I went with my boyfriend & 4 yr old son & we really enjoyed it. Service was friendly, attentive & majority of the waiters were quite decent looking lol.*Lychee Martini - Excellent*Pork Spring Roll w/ Thai Chili sauce - delicioius, tho they're more like a triangle shape than a roll lol*Pad Thai - mediocre, wouldn't order it again*Crunchy Spicy Yellowtail Roll w/ Crushed Onion Rings - Flavorful, Fresh & unique*a Crusted Red Snapper dish - Awesome. the fish was cooked just right: not too dry, not too undercooked.& the sauce went well with it. It's a fun, trendy atmosphere & I definitely want to go back...minus one star for the small portions...but ya gotta expect it in Vegas I guess.
4	After watching an insanely trippy show by Elton John at Caesar's palace (I swear I needed drugs to fully appreciate that show)me, my sister, my cousins and their friends headed over Tao for a late (and I mean LATE - it was a 10:45pm reservation!) dinner. I was little bit skeptical about going to eat at this place.  First off, I'm from San Francisco - it's hard to top the taste of Bay Area Asian foods that sell for a cheaper rate than Tao, and 2nd - it was ridiculously loud because Tao night club is right above the restaurant.  We had a reservation and still had to wait about 30 minutes.  Fine... I got that it was busy.  But after not having dinner, and being a little loopy after the Elton John show - I wasn't a very happy camper and I wanted to bail.But the dinner was for a birthday and I didn't want to disappoint by being a Crabby Patty.  So I dealt with it.Since we were a large group of 10, we were seated in a nice little alcove in the very back of the restaurant.  It was nice and cozy and I felt at ease.  Thank heavens we weren't in the middle of the restaurant where it was crowded. I was crabby enough as it was to have to deal with the lack of space.  We had a nice view of Mike Tyson as he sat at the table behind us with a lovely female friend.  We tried to be slick in taking pictures of him as each one of us placed our order.When the food came out, I wasn't so impressed by the presentation but I figured I shouldn't judge by looks alone.  I ordered the Chicken Yellow Curry.  The smell was heavenly. I saw the little pieces of lemongrass in it. That was different for me. I've never had Chicken Yellow Curry with lemongrass. I poured some curry on my rice and took a spoonful... it was fantastic that I had to offer some over to everyone else for a taste.  The chicken potstickers on the table tasted fresh and succulent.  My sister had a beef dish that was just DIVINE.  But my favorite was the dish I ordered.  And today I still crave for that wonderful burst of flavor on my tongue.  As I always say... "Party in my mouth...heeeeyyyyy!!!"
5	This restaurant had it all. A very hip vibe, cool decor (For SF Yelpers it reminded me of Ana Mandara), GREAT service and really good food. Honestly, the service is what took this place to a 5 for me. Our waiter was named Zeban (?) and he was really helpful on suggesting dishes and pacing our food. He even held back on the last order (Some Spring rolls) until we were sure we wanted them. He was right. it was one too many dishes. Here are a few highlights- Lobster Won tons were great. BBQ pork was so so as was the Sliced Steak. Crispy Tuna Tartare Sushi was amazing, as was the Sea Bass Satay. The Udon noodles with BBQ Salmon was cooked to perfection, but I was expecting a Soup type Udon and this was a large piece of Salmon next to a pile of noodles. The star of the night was the Peking Duck served MuShu style. Wine list was good and wine service was very good. I liked that Zeban knew his stuff. Nothing worse than a waiter that has no clue what the wines taste like. The sake list was really great too,. We had the giant Fortune Cookie for dessert, which was a kick. It was a super fresh fortune cookie filled with white and chocolate mousse, and served with fresh fruit. Yum.It came with 4 fortunes in it, which was a fun way to end dinner. Finally, a warning: Yin= Ladies Room and Yang = Men's Room. 2 men walked into the ladies while we were in there. The restroom attendant (love that touch, so old school) said it happens all the time...
4	Since we were staying at the Venetian, we chose Tao for our dinner destination the last night of our Vegas weekend... My dad made the reservation in advance and let them know we were celebrating a birthday.  There were six of us in the party, and we actually all arrived right on time!  The hostess said it would be a few minutes, so we sat at a table in the lounge area, ordered some drinks, and snacked on some of the wasabi peas.  The waitress that took our cocktail orders was sweet, and she made some great Taojitos for the group!  At 8:30, we were wondering why we had to wait so long and getting a bit ansy... we finally were taken to our table around 8:40.Dinner was amazing once we were seated.  Chris was our server and took great care of us.  We enjoyed a round of appetizers including lobster dumplings, crispy tuna tataki, edamame, duck spring rolls, and eggplant tempura.  We also did dinner family style and shared wasabi steak, pad thai with shrimp, crispy snapper, seafood in black bean sauce, spicy eggplant, curry shrimp tempura maki, and pork fired rice.  It's two days later, and I am writing this all from memory - it was that good!  (Usually I would have to look back at the menu to remember what we ordered, but it all made a lasting impression in this case).  We literally cleaned all of the plates - everything was great, and quick too!Luckily, even with all of that food, we saved room for dessert.  Chris brought out a beautiful birthday cake for the birthday girl and boy (my bro and sis are twins).  I'm talking really quality, beautiful gourmet cake (like AJ's in AZ).  It had "Happy Birthday A & Z" written on it in chocolate and it was a vanilla layer cake of sorts.  I didn't pay the bill, and I'm sure it was expensive, but this was by far the best meal we had on the trip, and I'm sure it was worth it!  The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the wait we had upon arrival - other than that, Tao was amazing!  Beautiful ambiance too - I'll have to go back next time to check out the nightclub!
4	Tao is is indeed delish. I particularly enjoyed the Kobe beef that you cook yourself in a ginger scallion broth. The decor is fantastic and true to Vegas style, the music is hot!
3	3.5 stars. I ordered the Peking Duck spring rolls as my appetizer and fried red snapper as my main course (snapper was the stand out). This restaurant is massive! A friend of mine at dinner exclaimed that this place looked exactly like PF Changs (they're like an Americanize chinese food place with nicer decor and an american wait-staff). It was a replica of that place, just this one was the super-walmart of PF Changs'. The peking duck rolls tasted like they were from a pre-packaged roll set they also lack a sizable amount of hoisin dipping sauce which I was looking forward to. I was underwhelmed since they were $14. The red snapper was actually good, I enjoyed and recommend it.The music was pretty loud in the place, so I wouldn't bring my family here for a quiet meal.Overall, decent, not memorial except for the semi-naked girls in the bathtubs as we left the restaurant. This is vegas, what do you expect?
4	4 stars for ambiance and food despite the /extremely/ generic "asian" decor.I had the filet mignon shabu-shabu, which I think was the first time I've had shabu-shabu, and it was delicious.  I sort of knew what to expect so I wasn't surprised when the waiter brought out a cast iron pot and sterno can, but the meat was really exceptional.  The appetizers I sampled were decent and the waiter made a good sake suggestion for the table.The ambiance in this place is set when you walk in through a short, arched hallway lined on each side with 5 stone bathtubs, each half-full with water and covered in floating rose pedals with a single candle in the middle.  The main dining room, dimly lit, is laid out around a towering (i mean 20-30 ft) Buddha.  If you can imagine, *from there* it gets a little cheesy.  The photographs on the walls range from sumo wrestlers to tibetan monks to little old chinese ladies and beyond.The music was a little loud but they had a live drummer playing an amplified hand drum to the DJ's electronica.  It was actually decent music.
5	We came with a party of 9; we ate like crazy and drank like crazy and the bill was under 600. Not bad at all.Service was great took a bit to get the bill but, that was the only complaint we had. I was very impressed with ambiance and the amount of people working there. Drinks never got low and there was always someone right at our table in all black checking in on us. Food was delish and the sake was AMAZING! If you are looking for a great dinner in Las Vegas I highly recommend. If you are a large party be aware even for a massive restaurant they only have a limited amount of tables that can accommodate a party of 8. Enjoy! (photos loaded of yummy sake)
5	Dined at this restaurant one night this week with the crew.  Exotic ambience, cool Asian decors, friendly staff, nice lighting mix, excellent food and drink selections .  Their sushi selections are excellent - we tried it along with some Sake.  This place is high in my list for dining, & clubbing as well.
5	Friggin awesome...So what do you do when you are over buffet's and eating junk in Vegas? You eat at one of the "FINE" dining establishments in your hotel. And when they mean fine they mean FINE! This place is awesome and also gets you front of line status if you want to go to Tao nightclub.Since we had such a large party (8) we couldn't get a reservation until 1045. A little late for dinner....but its Vegas....I woke up at 5PM so it's not that late ;-)We were seated and our server was very helpful in explaining the menu and the items on it and mentioning the special of the night. So I had the 8oz wasabi encrusted filet mignon. BEST STEAK ever!!! I have eaten at most of the "Fine" steak houses in San Diego and one other steak house in Vegas but this one takes the cake. It was so tender and beautifully cooked (medium rare). My friends also had the special of the night (a 12oz Rib Eye) this was also very good and cooked perfectly. We also had the beef shabu shabu pot....it was good but I wish we could have tried the kobe beef...that would have been awesome. Either way I could have eaten the broth by itself. The other thing that stood out was the kobe beef carpaccio. EXCELLENT!! Marinated and cut exquisitely.All in all the best restaurant I have eaten at so far in my 27 years.
4	Another successful transplant from NYC, this place is great.  Spendy, trendy, and a little confusing menu wise if you have a big group like we did.  we had a great waiter that helped us with our order and nobody left disappointed or un-full.  The place is loud and full of energy and beautiful people.Ask for help with the menu if theres a group.  If youre a couple youre golden.  So many things to try, you could eat here 100 times.No complaints at all.
3	Different,trendy  Certainly Asian fusion.  Reminded me more of the Buddha Bar in Dubai. Great Ambience. Food was good . Sushi is great.  Got to get used to reservations, else expect long waits for dinner
4	I want the girls in rose petal bathtubs...wahh!Four stars because I didn't get to see the girls in the bathtubs.  Shoulda gone on a weekend night.Food was great.   Korean BBQ pork chops, Peking duck, ribs, sushi, dumplings, egg rolls, sake, all done in a very upscale way.One thing that I really liked was the Chef's Special option with the sushi.  This is where you tell the waiter how much you want to spend in sushi and the chef will come up with something to impress you.  I like the idea of challenging a chef to give his best rather than just fill an order.  I wish I could remember the two rolls that were exceptional, but will maybe update this review later.The decor is amazing, decorated in classy asian theme with a giant buddha in the restauarant.  They could maybe get rid of the sumo wrestler photos.  The staff was attentive to our every need.  This place is not for the cheap.  We spent about $500 for five people.  I want the girls in rose petal bathtubs...wahh!Dafe
4	Loved the food here. Chilean seabass was to die for! This place was soo good I went back there the second night in LV! I ordered the NY steak and it was equally good. The steak is nicely sliced up for you, i.e. ez to eat. Loved the asian fusion sauce they drizzled over it with a bed of shitake mushrooms. Mmmhhmmm.Wish there was a TAO here in SF... /sigh.
5	Other than the fact that I fell asleep at the dinner table at Tao (we won't get into that now), i have nothing but good things to say about the place! The food is amazing. Everything on the menu is delectable and I make sure that everytime I come to Vegas (which is actually pretty often) I always come here, and order something new. The drinks are so superly tasty - it makes you not want to stop (and that's the beginning of falling asleep at dinner).
5	so impressed. i really was hesitant to believe all the hype about tao, but all of it is well-deserved. the staff is unbelievably friendly and SO good looking. being hot is undoubtedly a prerequisite to apply for a job at tao. i was with a party of six and we had reservations for 7:30. we didn't actually make it to our table until around 8:00 or so but i absolutely didn't mind. the lounge area is gorgeous and believe me, you will enjoy sipping on cocktails and people watching... so much that you MIGHT not even want to go to your table : )try the tao-tini. so yummy.for appetizers, we had the vegetarian spring rolls with chili sauce and the pork dumplings - both delicious.as an entree, i had the salmon, though i'm not sure of it's exact title on the menu, it's the only salmon dish there. try it, i promise you will not be disappointed.also, don't be mislead into thinking tao is too pricey for you. everything on the menu is moderately priced and well worth it.only downside - it seems as if bussers try to get you out and turn over tables as soon as possible, trying to pick up your dish before your even done with it. small price to pay, though, for such a great dinner.
4	I totally get it.  The promoters/owners lure you into Tao Restaurant, ply you with yummy food and drink, and then convince you that Tao Nightclub is just as upscale and well-done.  Don't fall for it!  Just eat the food, drink the booze, and leave!  You'll have a better night for it.Tao Restaurant is amazing.  I loved the decor, the service, the short wait, and of course the food.  This behemoth of a restaurant does Asian fusion right.  I had the Tao-tini (after my requisite dirty Grey Goose on the rocks).  Fruity, strong as all hell, and delicious.  My PIC and I started with the lobster wontons.  Best.  Dish.  Ever.  Next time I go back, that's all I'm ordering.  We also had the lobster dumplings to start.  Good.  But definitely not the lobster wontons.We then ordered the Thai fish hot pot, which had a very strong sauce, overpowering on its own, but perfect with steamed rice.  We made the mistake of ordering veggie fried brown rice.  Why were we trying to be healthy? Anyway, what came was a plate of veggies + mush.  Ugh.  Panda Express makes a better fried rice than that!Upon leaving the Venetian, my PIC and I decided that next time, we're just ordering 6 servings of the lobster wontons.  And then heading to Jet to shake it all off!P.S.  One of my students told me that her group of friends was offered free dinner + drinks + Tao admission the same weekend.  So if you have a group of 10+ cute Asian girls, you may get dinner for free!  Otherwise, expect to spend about $50/person, not including drinks.
5	First of all my favorite thing to do in Vegas is eat. Tao makes no exception to please. First course Lobster Wontons, super delish and Sashimi Lobe Beef just melted in your mouth. All the entrees we shared were amazing, cocktails superb. The decor was great but to be expected from all over the top Vegas restaurants. I only wish there was one in Chicago.
4	It's pretty unfair to not seperate my reviews but I'm going to make this a resturant/lounge combo. Don't go there thinking that it will be anything like the location in NY ( which is a hometown fav) the Las Vegas version has an identity all of its own. I did the sushi platter with the chef's selection. Your better off sticking close to the sushi chef's for an entertaining night. Personally I suggest bringing a crowd that can appreciate a place like Tao. The whole enviroment inspires intelligent conversation and anything less seems to put a damper on the whole experiance. Even though I was a guest of Rich they STILL made me get a line pass and re enter just to go upstairs. I hear they make ppl pay to get in but they just let us walk up. Upstairs is cool. Naked women decorating the place is a perk. Not a place to get your dance on .....stick to the bar behind the wierd skully wall.
2	Good place for groups since it's dark, trendy music, and colorful drinks.  Not so much for a romantic night.  I've been to Tao New York few years ago and was not so impressed by fancy expensive Chinese food.  It was just a place that I can say "Yeah, I've been there" and not return again.  Somehow I found myself here in the deviation also known as Las Vegas' version.  The best way I can describe Las Vegas spun versions restaurants (ie Mesa Grill, Delmonico, David Burke, Koi, etc etc) is large productions, lacking heart and character in its food.  Mass production?We ordered the miso glazed salmon which was fine, the size of the fish was beyond my expectations (insert my mass production epiphany), spicy toro tartar on crispy rice.... a nice attempt at copying Koi's signature dish but fell short on the crispy rice, it was too thick so the crispyness did not stick together but fell all over my plate.... some Filet Mignon yaki udon dish that really made me miss Oh! Taisho's kimchi yakiudon but I digress.It was a very bland dining experience.  The only good thing - we were able to receive comps to Tao Nightclub.
2	A group of my friends and I went to Tao last night to celebrate a birthday dinner for eight.  The service was absolutely horrible. I made a reservation several weeks ago for 8 pm and they made us wait for 45 minutes.  Once we got seated, it took another 20 minutes for them to take our order then we waited another 20 mintues between appetizer and the main courses.  When my friend complained, the waitress responded by saying, "I was trying to time it right," then proceeded to bring out the rest of the remaining dishes (all six of them) in one shot!  Gratuity for a large group is automatically  added at 20%, so I got the impression that  they take no pride in taking care of their guests once you're seated.My rankings are the following: Service: one starFood: two 1/2 starsThe Chilean Sea Bass and the New York Strip steak were decent.  The potstickers were average.  The noodles and the XO string beans were over seasoned and soggy.  You can get better Chinese food elsewhere for 1/4 the price. We paid $57 per person.Bottom line is you pay for the ambiance mostly at Tao, but the food is mediocre at best.  A dinner that should have taken 1 hour and 1/2, took 3 hours due to poor service and lack of attention.  I would think a restaurant of their caliber would take more pride in treating their guests right.
4	I love the Tao in Vegas, more so then the 1 in nyc..  I like the vibe, the atmosphere, the music and the drinks. The Bartenders are fun and friendly also..  And the food I am in love with the Lobster Wontons in the Ginger Broth that is pretty much all I eat every time I come here..   Its like having an orgasm in my mouth, when I eat them I make these moans and groans and not a lot of food does that for me, so because of that I must go to Tao every time when in Vegas cause its reliable and I don't have to fake it.. ; )~
3	Was here celebrating my 30th Birthday. It was way too loud and crowded, even for a Wednesday! The music was pumpin', and it just was too loud during dinner. For a club, yes fine, but I didnt like dining like that.The service was great, and the food was all good. Had some sushi, then Pad Thai. My husband had a fried rice meal. I also got a special birthday mousse filled fortune cookie! Was really cute :)I probably wouldn't return to eat here...
3	Really tasty, filling food. Almost too filling, though. I could only stuff down half of my food before they carted it away. Came on a Saturday night, so of course it was super loud and crowded. Good service, but we didn't have the same waiter twice. Is that weird? I thought it was weird.I would come here again when it's not a busy meal hour, and would be sure to be super hungry. Nothing's sadder than seeing a delicious coconut chicken curry being scooted off because you can't finish it. And don't even think about asking for the rest to go, lest you like public humiliation. Spendier than some... there was 1 beer, a glass of wine, 1 potsticker appetizer, curry and pad thai, which ended up being a little more than $100. But eh, it's Vegas, what do you expect.
3	I had fun when i went to this club last year!  Didn't have to wait in line at all.... fun times!
4	OK, I know I'm supposed to be critical of Tao - but I really enjoyed my meal there the other night. The food was flavorful and very good. I went with a very large group and they sat us in a separate space from the rest of the dining area. That allowed the wait staff to focus on our party - and they were great (in the past I've found the wait staff to be very rushed). We had a set menu with a good mix of food. Highlight for me was the cod. Sushi was OK too (just). When we left I was amazed to see the lines of people trying to get into the nightclub (very different than the crowd at dinner). Overall a great place to go especially if you're already staying at or near the Venetian. Was surprisingly better than I expected.
2	I really want to love Tao. I love the 30ft Buddha. I love Tao in NYC.  But Tao Vegas... ughh.  Get your crap together. You get 2 stars because the food is still good.  The drinks are good, especially the Mango Tamarind Martini.  The Giant Fortune Cookie is one of my favorite desserts.   Our reservation was for a Sunday night, 8:15PM, the restaurant wasn't even packed, and there was no one in the bar, we showed up on time, and were told our table was just about ready.  Yet we waited almost an hour for our table!  We almost bailed then, but we were really hungry and Asian food sounded good. You've crammed too many tables on the floor near the Buddha.  Our table was so close to the other tables, that some of us had to get out of our seats to let the servers by. Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.  We were charged about $40 worth of drinks we did not order.  We had a party of 7, yet we were charged for 8 sodas.  Only two people had a coke, without being offered a refill.  We had some bottles of Corona on our tab.  Corona?  Do people even drink Corona after the age of 18???Our server acted like he was doing us a favor by taking our order.  He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.  I will never waste my time going to Tao LV again.
1	Wow...Tao is like a P.F. Chang's with mediocre food, clueless bartenders and pounding music.  The business model is sad really, they created a gorgeous space, disregarded all other details and then watched the tourists flow in...
2	Lisa:  this place is totally not worth the price tag.  we ordered 4 appetizers, four entrees, and one dessert for about 90 per person.  if the food was good, i wouldnt mind, but it was simple overpriced mediocre food.  meat  and fish was dry and flavorless.  the only this that was good was the kobe tartar and the hotpot soup.  dessert was nothing special.  they blended their nightclub and restaurant together, so it was super crowded and we couldnt distinguish the line for the club and restaurant.  the super loud techno music made it extremely hard to hear our waitress.  presentations were nice and the restaurant itself was really pretty.  you're basically just paying for the view
3	The food was fantastic, and I highly recommend the chef's tasting sampler. The highlights were the peking duck roll, kobe beef, citrus japanese snapper and the dumplings. For drinks, I had the Tao-hito, which unfortunately just tasted watered down. Also, the decor is well done, as has been mentioned before, the 30-foot Buddha wall is sweet. The service was great once the food started coming, but previous to that it was slow and it took some time to get our drinks. Lastly, if you go with a group, you may want to limit it to six people only because we had to cram in eight sizable guys around a table designed for six. There were other tables which would've worked, but the majority seemed setup for six.
4	I would never compare this place to PF Chang's. Do you see a puddle of grease or a pile of salt? Nope. You must understand first that I have a serious problem when it comes to chocolate lava cake. All those kids down $1k at the poker tables got nothing on me and my lava cake. 6 months ago, I came to Tao for dinner and was the only one who wanted to get dessert (surprise, surprise). I ordered the lava cake for MYSELF because no one would split with me but I left for 15 min to pick up my friend from the hotel lobby and when I returned, the cake was GONE. Everything from the chocolate chopsticks to the ice cream and every drop of chocolate was G-O-N-E!!! My friends remind me as much as possible how delicious this cake was, and I've wondered about it ever since.It's my last day in Vegas and I had yet to get my precious chocolate cake. After gorging myself on pounds of bacon wrapped fillet mignon and queso bread at a Brazilian Steakhouse, with just 20 min to make it to the Bellagio to see "O," I called my order in and rushed over to Tao to pick up my precious lava cake. Gimme a break, it was my last chance!I got dropped off at the lobby and ran in to pick up my order, but when I looked in the bag I noticed they didn't have plastic forks. What?! I guess I'm probably the only one who has ever ordered something to go, so I sat down at the bar to take just one bite. Yum... (No I did not use my hands). My friend went to the bathroom so I decided to continue eating while I waited. So I'm sitting at the bar by myself eating chocolate cake out of a plastic box, with chocolate on my face, and 10 bartenders gawking at me.Me: (Gorging myself with chocolate cake)Bartender: Would you like a...uh... glass of water?Me: *om nom nom* no thanks *nom nom*By the time my friend was back from the bathroom, the box was empty. Needless to say, after hearing me rave about getting this chocolate cake all weekend long, my friends who waited in the car, were shocked when I came back empty handed. I can't say I remember exactly how the cake tasted because I wolfed it down so fast, but I do remember the taste of victory, and it was glorious.
4	This review is for both the restaurant and nightclub.Yum!
3	We had a large group (12 of us).  Server started off all right, suggesting we order family style (which we were going to do anyway), and asking who wanted to be in charge of ordering.  After that though, he got pretty pushy, with all his recommendations corresponding directly to the most expensive items on the menu.  I get that you make money off of tips, and that you're getting an automatic 20% off our large party, but really?  If you give me a good service, I'll tip above and beyond the 20% you talk on automatically.  Guy was a bit clueless too, when someone mentioned we were Korean, he was wondering if there was anything Korean inspired on the menu . . . either the staff isn't trained well, or he's just bad.  The food is Asian fusion, with strong Chinese influences, and a bit of Japanese and Thai thrown in.Anyway, the food was okay - the prawns were over-cooked, but the beef was good, and the eggplant was delicious.  Edamame was good, but that's hard to screw up.  On the other hand, the prices were exorbitant for the quality and small portion sizes.With as many options as there are in Vegas, I don't see myself returning on any future trips . . .
4	I'm surprised by the number of low ratings for this place.  It's pretty difficult getting reservations at Tao less than a couple of days in advance, unless you're fine eating at 9:45.  But for those not staying at the Venetian and want to go to Tao club afterward, dining there will get you a vip pass to skip the long lines.Now the food part. The lobster wontons were AMAZING.  I know it sounds odd, but every bite was like a taste of lobster heaven.  The sauce concoction was just incredibly delicious. I also had curry chicken and sirloin steak (forgot the correct entree names), which were good but not great. I guess without the lobster wontons, I'd give Tao a 3 star.
2	I never got to even eat here. but i am reviewing their service.yeah this place may be swanky, but their service is unimaginably rude.my party had a reservation for 9:30 pm. we got there at 9:20 pm and they made us wait until 9:50 - 10:00. yes i understand a big party is hard to seat. yes i understand that people don't want to leave. but a reservation is a reservation. if you arent going to stay true to it, then don't take our credit card numbers and don't act like you remember us. because you forgot about my party 20-30 mins after the reservation.another thing. while waiting, there was nowhere to wait properly. we kept getting shooed away.they also threatened to charge us for leaving after we waited 40 mins.... can i say illegal?i wouldn't say don't go here. but be hella careful when you do. rude. but the place was nice!
3	Waited 1hr after scheduled reservation to be seated. Waiter was interested in a high priced receipt, not in being a great waiter. Food = WAY to expensive....Serving Sizes = WAY to small....Drinks = Eh quality and HUGE price tag. The restaurant itself, though, is an amazing visual display, and the food was pretty good.
5	I've done 22 reviews so far, and have not yet given a 5-star.  In thinking about the best experience that I've had in a restaurant recently, I'd have to say Tao in Las Vegas.  The combination of the tasty foods, fun decor, and excellent service makes Tao Las Vegas deserving of my first 5-star rating!  Of course, the Vegas excitement adds to the total experience.This isn't one of Yelpers' favorite joints to dine at in Vegas based on the ratings, so I'll share a couple of tips of what I've done and hopefully that'll be helpful to you folks out there:- Making reservations here is a must!  Without reservations, this place is impossible to get into, unless you know people, or do the ol' slipping a bill into the handshake action.  (If you do, try $20 or higher)- Come with friends that are ready to party, because this is a party joint!  Meet at the bar, so that if you have folks coming in from different hotels, you can enjoy the drinks while you wait.- Once you're seated, order sharable appetizers, like the Edamame, Satay Chicken, or  Thai Stuffed Shrimps.- If you like Sake, they have a pretty good selection of Sakes.  If you haven't tried the Nigori Sake (unfiltered), I'd suggest at least trying that.  The best way is to ask the server to give you the rundown.We had the Voice in the Mist bottle and it was yummy!- For your entree, you MUST get Miso-Glazed Chilean Seabass!!  It's my favorite fish entree in the world!  Savory white flaky tender bits of tasty fish... oh my.  It definitely melts in your mouth yet creates a flavor explosion.  So good!  My friend likes the Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon, but I think it's not nearly as good as the Seabass.I've been to Tao now for 3 years.  I've had a great experience every single time.  I now cannot imagine going to Vegas without my Chilean Seabass experience at Tao.
5	I've been here four times and aside from a minor intoxicated mix up on bottle vs. drink service made by moi and group and small service lapse whilst sitting alone, this is dining nirvana. Located inside the Venetian, which already smells great, the entrance and gift shop have the wonderful smell of sandalwood. The stone "baths" greet you as you walk to the hostess station...each time I've visited they have been filled with water, rose petals and candles. I've heard mention that there may be events where Buddha nymphs are soaking in the tubs...could be urban legend, could be wishful thinking by drunken pigs. Either way, I wish I was a Tao bath girl.... But I digress...back to the food. Whether dining alone at the sushi bar, partying with friends, or starting at a special someone this place accommodates the mood. Dark wood, candle light, ginormous statues of the Buddha, fresh flowers, small medium and large Buddha statues abound. I have not yet had the pleasure of seeing the club - but dining here has been enough satisfaction. The sushi is divine and overpriced...individual order are great but if you really want to be impressed, throw your credit card to the wind and go for the "chef's special". - otherwise known as sushi roulette in Vegas. You give them an amount to spend and then wait for monster plate. The sashimi of Kobe beef (think carpaccio) is glorious, buttery, melty goodness and even better with the smokey sauce that accompanies the avocado tempura (sin on a plate). Peking duck eggrolls, Sea Bass meal or satay small plate, scallops...you could spend forever savoring. The sake menu is amazing and must be sampled - probably the reason I have never gotten to desert. But then again, there are great places within the Venetian to venture to for liquid desert!If you like Asian food or sushi it's a must visit for the food and the atmosphere.  And no, the swanky couches in the front room are not for the uncool to lounge upon and think they can order drinks from - bottle service only and all that goes with it!
4	Tao was a great ending to our vacation in Vegas.  When we went, it was luckily not very busy.  We had a party of six and ate at a large round table which I like.  Much easier to conversate with everyone that way.  Our waiter was very helpful and informative.  We had no idea what to get and all of his suggestions were spot on!  At first I was worried that we were not going to have enough food, but since we ate family style, we order a bunch of little plates so we could sample many things.
1	It was so crowded upstairs on the dance floor that we decided to go down to the lounge part to find somewhere to sit and chill.  NEVER make the mistake of going to the lounge and feeling hungry right before the kitchen closes. You will regret it because it SMELLED good in the lounge, but the results were not so much.  Chef's roll = EWW, EWW, EWW and tiny for the amazing price of $16!!   I am generally against these type of Asian restaurants that are kinda fusion, but when you get hungry late, you get desperate. Our waiter was nice and was on top of it, so the star is for him.  Maybe it's better when you go for actual dinner, so don't take my review for that (although you might wanna stay away from the Chef's roll then too).
4	Love this place! We came here for V-Day and I thought the food was really yummy.  The service was nice and the interior looked awesome with a giant buddah in the dining area!  That place then later would turn into a night club.  Before you go into the restaurant you'll see some really beautiful rock tubs outside filled with rose petals and water.  aaah..romantic! I had a GIANT fortune cookie for dessert! :)
4	First time diner, long time clubber. Me and eleven other "bachelors" enjoyed an incredible time at Tao for a friends stag party.After three glasses of wine I honestly can't remember what appetizers we had but they were the bomb-ass rap song. If you don't believe me, ask L.A. Lakers Robert Horry - he was at the table next to us saying hells yeah... or maybe, "As usual, I'll take the check." I wonder if he knew that the hot red head sitting next to him just came over to our table and advertised the strip club where she would be working later that night?Our server Sereka was the cats meow. Not only could she handle 12 crazy men, but she helped us haze the groom. She hand picked a table of bachelorettes for us to send a comp bottle of champagne. Imagine the groom-to-be's surprise when 10 boa-clad bachelorettes came over and personally thanked him for the bubbly.Oh, and definitely get the miso sea bass - delicious!4.5 * stars
5	Tao is located in the Venetian. This place was packed on the Wednesday evening I went. It has low lighting and a lounge-like feel to it. Very trendy and popular. To start, I had the Tao-Tini. It obviously did its job since I barely remember dinner.For dinner had:Edamame-Always a delicious choiceAlaskan Salmon, Crab and Avocado Roll (...I think...I don't remember...)Hong Kong XO Shrimp with Long Beans and Jasmine RiceNow, that night was a little fuzzy, but I do remember the food being DELICIOUS! I hate green beans, so when I saw shrimp on a bed of rice, with green long beans circling my plate, I was convinced I made the wrong choice. Turns out long green beans aren't really green beans. They're just long beans.
4	Thanks Yelpers, I am quite impressed with the consensus on Tao!  It's not NYC, but it puts its best foot or food forward.  If you read my last review on Alex I had to chastise you guys a little bit, but fret not, you have been redeemed.  After an amazing "evening with Cher" @ Caesars palace, my friend and I fell through Tao and had an extraordinary time.  Details:Arrival was swift, I anticipated a wait based on prior Yelpers experience, and received the Olive Garden style beeper then shown to the well decorated and seductively lit lounge with quite a view of the gussied up Vegas party-goers.  After about twenty minutes, my dining companion and I received our table with a round of drinks on the house due to the wait.  Way to go on the customer service Tao.  I had the Tao-tini--A+ my friend the Tao Cosmo.  Both smooth and easy.  The food--ordered in portions and had wonderful dishes:Spicy Lobster/Crab roll excellentSteamed Veggie Dumplings--needs extra dunking sauce yum yumDragon Tail ribs--ok could have done withoutCrispy Rice Tuna Tartar--OMG, could have 2 of theseHot Edamame--fav.Dessert was over the top:  Giant Fortune Cookie exploding w/ chocolate mousse VERY rich, so be warnedRice Pudding Creme Brule w/ extra scoop of ginger ice cream!  Just like mom used to make back south--right.  Our waiter was helpful, but a bit stuffy--otherwise an overall stellar performance by Tao.  Be careful not to trip on the way out over the eager Tao nightclub revelers.
4	Tao is a chic, dim lit asian place at the Venetian. The entrance is lined up with empty bathubs filled with water and flowers. When you walk in and pass the lounge into the restaurant, a large Buddha statue welcomes you into this beautiful restaurant. I went here before catching a show & loved my food!I ordered:appetizer- veggie dumplings (sauteed ginger & sesame seeds)entree- Sushi--spicy tuna, salmon, & asparagus roll. (it was amazing) dessert- white choc/raspberry fried wontons w/ icecream*warning*- no free refills. 4 bucks for a glass of sprite filled with ice? eh. Anyhow, the ambiance is trendy, the service was quick, the food was delicious & overall..was a great first night out during my vegas trip this past weekend!make sure you have reservations well in advance!
5	mMMmMmmMmm yummy yummy yummy yummy!!!!their sashimi was AWESOMEthey had sake also i had a hot pot dish that was ABSOLUTELY delicious .. i think it was thai flavored?yummersssssssssssssss!!!!!!everything looked greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!i would definately go back..... however.. PRICEY!!!!!even better... we get to get in a shorter line to go clubbing that night after dinner because they gave us a stamp =) .... what i mean by that is we ate at about 6 oclock.... went back to the club later on at night.. and still got in a shorter line =) and it was labor day weekend =)  yaaaaaay =P !!!!mMm... i spent about $100 dollars on dinner that night MYSELF.. it's VEEEERY expensive.. but the food is delicious... haha.... i'd go again if i somehow won a few hundred at the tables ;) jusst kidding =P .. i'd recommend this place =)
1	I had a horrible experience here all due to the staff. We had 9:45 reservations at the restaurant and the morning of our reservation they called to confirm. We thought Tao was the perfect place for dinner because we heard about the great food and if you eat dinner there Later that evening we got to the restaurant at 9:40 to make sure we were seated promptly. A lot of us were starving because of the late dinner reservation but that was what we could get. 10:10 we stil weren't seated. I decided to go drop off something at the hotel room since we were staying in the Palazzo. Being that we had a late dinner reservation I decided to try to get a stamp to ensure that I could easily come back to the restaurant. I go to this desk near the door to ask for a stamp. The guy tells me that I need to get in line for a stamp. I look at the line and it's empty so I crawled under the rope. Immediately this security guard comes over.Guard: Excuse me Maam, you'll need to go all the way outside to get in line. You can't line jump.I look out at the entrance which was only a few feet from me and there's still no one in line.Me: Umm there's no one in line.Guard: I know that but you can't line jump. My manager won't have it and I'll be the weak link.So begrudgingly I go outside. There's another guard at the entrance. He proceeds to tell me that it's a $20 cover to get in.Me: What? I was just in the restaurant and they told me to come out here to get a stamp. I have dinner reservations here and just want to drop something off in my roomGuard 2: Well if you have dinner reservations you'll have to get in the reservation line to get a stamp.Me: I was in the reservation line to check in and they didn't give us a stamp.Guard 2: Well that's where you'll need to goI stand in the reservation line. A guy is yelling at the hostess letting her know that he's been waiting 50 minutes for a table, and they had reservations too. The hostess wasn't giving in and the guy got angry, threw the pager at her, and yelled some obscenities.I proceed to tell my story to the hostess and she tells me that she has to get the stamp girl to come over to give me a stamp and I have to wait. My friend Kelly comes up to the desk because we've been waiting for a while for our table. Kelly talks to the hostess.Hostess: Oh right, you had a table for 4Kelly: No 8. You guys called this morning to confirmHostess: 8? Oh... well then you'll have to come back in 5 minutes and then I can tell you what's available.Kelly: Why can't you tell me what's available now? We had 9:45 reservations and it's 10:20 now.Hostess: Just come back in 5 minutes and I'll let you know what's available.kelly and I are upset but because we had a group of girls for a bacheleorette and they all wanted to go clubbing, Tao was the best option because we get dinner and the club included so we decide to proceed with dinner.I then proceed to ask the hostess again about the stamp. She says that I need to finish my dinner before I can get stamped. UGH!We finally get seated and eat our meal. The food isn't that great. I've gotten better at normal $5 chinese restaurants. The waiter brings Kelly brown rice instead of white. She mentions it and he says, "Don't worry I won't charge you for it." At the end of dinner, lo and behold we were charged for the rice. Kelly mentions it and tells the guy that he said he wouldn't charge.Waiter: I don't remember saying that. Since you ate it we have to charge you for itKelly: No i mentioned it to you and you said you wouldn't. That's the reason I ate itWaiter: Tell you what. I can hook you up. I'll get the girl to stamp you so that you can get into the club.We are SUPPOSED TO GET INTO THE CLUB if we have dinner there!!! Never again will I go there!
4	My company choose to thow a party here for CES and let's just say it was a blast. How can you not have a blast when it's all you can drink? But by the end of the night we were starving. I would reccomend coming to Tao if you have a set reservation or know someone, otherwise you are going to be waiting in line for a long ass time. The place is like a maze and when you are drunk, figuring your way in and out is something else. During the club part, they have naked girls in the bathtubs which is pretty incredible. I couldn't stop staring. A great place to come if you are looking to throw down serious money for guareenteed good time. If you don't get bottle service, plan on trying to work your way into VIP or be sadly disappointed by the crowds surround the bar!!
3	The food is just so-so. Felt a tad overpriced, but the menu was very unique. I ordered the black peppered filet mignon with udon noodles and I enjoyed the noodles more than the steak. I asked for medium rare and it came out burnt and medium well. I believe that such a tender piece of meat cooked anything more than medium might as well be tossed out. I'll give props to the bartender for making some really good drinks. I felt the buzz half way through my dinner, but I couldn't taste the alky at all.(Club reviewed in different section.)
4	Great atmosphere.  The interior looks really cool with it's Asian theme.  A super popular place, so it is best that you make a reservation way in advance, although the walk-in wait for us was about 20-25 minutes.  There's a lounge/bar that you can sit at while you wait for a table.  I love their desserts.  Their food was standard in taste.  Portions are average.  However, a meal here can be quite expensive.  We came here mainly for their ambiance.  If you want awesome food at a good price, you don't really need to come to Tao.
5	I had a really good experience at Tao for dinner. We didn't have to wait long for our table because Larry made reservations. The atmosphere is really nice. Very intimate! We had a very nice waiter (who even gave us stamps to go to Lavo.)I ordered a Tao-tini. Yummy! I'm not a huge fan of hot and sour soup but I did enjoy theirs. The rest of the night I had sushi which were all fresh.
4	Walking into a club to have dinner wasn't something on the top of my list of things to do but I heard many good things, so in I went. Red accents along a dark backdrop. A hallway full of naked women in bathtubs covered in rose petals. Winding maze to get from the hallways to the upstairs dining area. Plenty of bouncers to ensure eating privacy. All seemed fairly crazy to me at a place we were to have dinner but It was well worth it.The Tao restaurant had some of the most delicious salmon I've ever had. I ordered the soy ginger glazed salmon with udon noodles and spinach. The salmon cooked to perfection, beautifully medium in the middle, and the udon was amazing. Every morsel, every bite, and every scent was packed full of flavor. The seasoning enhanced the flavor of the salmon rather than masking it.I eat a lot of Asian food, not because I'm Asian myself but because there is an abundant amount of Asian restaurants in my area. I wouldn't say the food at Tao is authentic but it is a warm welcome to to the culinary world with Asian influences.Overall, It was the best salmon I've ever had and definitely worth the price and I would definitely return. Next time I'm bringing my appetite and dancing shoes as the club is amazing.
4	I was pleasantly surprised!  Much less pretentious than I thought, but the waitor was a little on the pushy side.  I suppose with the economy, Vegas is hurting too so he's gotta "make it work".  Other than that, here's the rundown:-Sushi:  We shared a few rolls for appetizers and they were good, but definitely $$ for the portion.  We had a spicy, crunchy tuna roll and something else with yellowtail; like I said, good, but I've had better at Sushi Wabi in Chicago.  -Drinks:  Sake martini, waaaaay too heavy on the vodka.  Left a stinging sensation in my mouth and not in a good way.  The other tini's were on the sweet side.  -Dinner:  We had peking duck for two...MUST try.  It was tender, flavorful and a great portion size.  Friends had chicken curry, nice and spicy and chilean sea bass, also delicious.  I thought the entrees were all reasonably priced, especially for Vegas.  -Atmosphere:  Lots of typical d-bags yelling "Vegas Baby!!" and lots of typical chippees in slutty outfits (us included).  But overall, no complaints.  We were seated on time, the service was efficient (our food came out really fast!) and $110 per person (dinner for six, split 5 ways for b-day girl) seemed like a pretty good deal for as much as we ate and drank.
2	I've always HATED Vegas...until this last trip.  Unfortunately, Tao was the one blight on the trip.  The food was ok and the bill wasn't outrageous, which can be a typical Vegas pitfall.We ate family-style and had a roll that I'm fairly certain is an exact rendition of fish-food., which was partly our fault for eating sushi on a Sunday.  The food came out so quickly that we didn't really have much time to enjoy our meal.  That is not to say that they were trying to turn the table over though, it took about 45 minutes to receive our bill and pay for it.Bottom-line: the food was mostly edible and the service was alright.
4	Get a booth near the sushi bar as it gives you a great watching spot. They move fast to get tables seated and get you out of there unless you get a bottle of sushi or any wine. The food is good and on Thursday's apparently turns into a happening spot. The line is freaking long so to avoid that, get in at around 9:30 and get your dinner to end at 1030ish and find the hostess to stamp your hand and enter the club and get down and dirty.
3	I was a little shocked that the prices weren't out of control considering the hype around tao (at least in gossip magazines =P) Anyhow, they put fresh clams in the miso soup and the sushi rolls were good, considering we were not coastside. The other asian fusion looked ok too, typical pad thai and some chinese/meiguoren type dishes, ie: orange chicken...The service was really really good though, they brought our food out and while pouring a champagne toast (bachelorette party) it got cold and they made a whole new order, and also gave us complimentary watermelon kamikaze shots on the house. Niiiiice. The waiters were all young and not hard on the eyes either...heeeey.
2	The food was 50/50... it seemed like they had the worst kitchen possible handle the appetizers & sushi, while an average chef handled the main dishes. The place was grossly overpriced so you're really just paying for the atmosphere. My fiancee and I were extremely let down and the place did not live up to the hype. Our hostess said that our dinner ($185 mind you) guaranteed entrance to the nightclub after but, of course, incompetent doormen & nightclub managers had no idea what we were promised an hour earlier. Save your money and go somewhere else! A group of our friends who made it in the club were split up since women were the only ones allowed upstairs. My fiancee and myself, on the otherhand, refused paying to go in since dinner was terrible and their word meant close to nothing. Honestly, if you want good asian food then go to an Asian restaurant, not an asian-themed restaurant. If you want a better Vegas experience take your spouse to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill for dinner @ Caesars and the Mix @ Mandalay (the Hotel) for after dinner lounging and drinks, where at both places you'll be deeply satisfied.
4	This was some of the best Asian food we've ever had. The service was outstanding and the food equal. I highly recommend the Chilean Seabass and the Shobu Shobu. Also, the giant fortune cookie dessert was excellent! It was busy but we never felt ignored and the quality of the food didn't suffer.  I'm not usually comfortable with a bathroom attendant but it' s a nice touch.
3	I guess for Vegas this is suppose to be good. The front of the house was horrendous. Servers were friendly but pacing of the food was so off.  The food was ok, we had sushi and sashimi, over-priced.  I think this place is highly over-rated but I guess you go  for the ambience. I don't  think I would come back but coming from the Bay Area I have high expectations.
2	My wife and I had dinner here with friends on Saturday night and came away a bit underwhelmed.By no means was the food bad, it very tasty, mostly what soured my view of the establishment was the overly loud music. I realize it converts to a club at night, however not being able to hear someone across the table unless they speak loudly and I lean in does not make for an enjoyable dining experience.I was also a bit disappointed that I was steered away from ordering the orange chicken by my waitress. I don't consider myself someone who enjoys very spicy food, and when I ordered it our waitress asked if I liked my food spicy. I explained I do like some spice, but not large amounts of it. She then told me I might be better off ordering something else. Not wanting to ruin dinner with friends by not eating my meal I opted to order the filet mignon with udon noodles. While I enjoyed the flavor of the filet with udon I was disappointed in two regards. Firstly the amount of filet mignon with the noodles was pitiful, I had maybe 3 oz of meat total in my meal I think. Secondly, the sauce with udon noodles was tossed in was pretty average, I think I've had the same sauce in a meal at Noodles & Co.  To top it off, my friend ordered the orange chicken despite our waitress' warning and found that it wasn't nearly as spicy as the waitress made it out to be.Despite hearing how great some of the desserts here were, we decided to skip it and go elsewhere so that we could actually hold a conversation without shouting.
4	Is it fair for me to review a restaurant just based on the bar scene? Stopped in for a few drinks with the wife on a wed night (dead). Nice lounge feel to the front, cool music and the mood lighting created a nice relaxing atmosphere. Drinks were super strong; but so was the bill! $28 for two well drinks and ouch!!!This place gets uber packed on a friday or saturday night so remember to bring your patience. Flagging down one of the bartenders can become a rather trying , and frustrating task. Oh yeah, sometimes they stick women in these bathtubs up from for a "sexy" look the club. Kind of odd, but still cool nevertheless
2	Over priced. Seriously, why did we even contemplate paying the bill? We did not get our moneys worth at this restaurant. Asian food is not suppose to cost $80 - $100 per person. The portions were small and the food was nothing to brag about. I was still hungry after dinner. I ,personally, would not dine here again. Not enough value for your money.
3	I am a very energetic yelper and try to rate as high as possible, okay so the food was amazing however our waiter lacked personality and manners, he forgot to ask us if we wanted drinks....ridiculous, then he took our order 45 minutes later we flagged him down for our food, then our food was amazing!!! however we had to keep asking other waiters to find ours...not impressed with the service at all.
2	pros:- food was good- nice ambiance- waiter was knowledgable and pleasant- hostess gave us free drink coupons for wait time - see belowcons:- we had 9:45 reservations. we were staying in the hotel and called 15 mins prior to our reservation to let the hostess know we were on the way down. she told us not to be late, or they would give our table up. THEN we get there and wait 1 HOUR before being seated. wtf - how does this happen when you have a reservation. 10, maybe even 20 minutes i can deal with. but a fucking hour??!! ridiculous.- then we get our drink coupons and give them to the cocktail waitress. she was a completed bitch. sorry if you hate your job, but its your job. its in the service industry. you're there to serve. ugh.although i enjoyed my meal once i was seated...the waiting thing ruined it for me. its not somewhere i would choose to go back to again. maybe if they offered take out?
1	I have been to Tao before, though usually earlier in the evening and we liked it enough to go back. Well, that is the last time I will be going there and also the last time I will recommend that anyone else go either. Like many of the other reviewers I had made a dinner reservation (far in advance) for a Sat night dinner. The best time we could get was 10:15. After waiting in line for the "reservation check-in" we were told they would call us when our table was ready and they gave us a pager. Well wait we did. We didn't get seated until and hour later! What kind of restaurant operation takes reservations and then makes you wait an hour anyway? That is really poor front of the house operation. FOOD: The Shabu-Shabu Filet was terrible. It tasted like they had left the raw meat sitting out for hours. The green beans we all ordered tasted like they drenched them in fish sauce, and I could tell that they had not changed the oil in their fryer in quite some time as the spring rolls (both appetizer and dessert kind) tasted like rancid oil and were too hard to bite through! Not one person at our table commented on liking their food. The wait staff seemed to be attentive but that was only the first time our waiter came to the table. After that time we had to try and find our waiter to flag him down. When it came time to pay and we were obviously done for quite some time, he was nowhere to be found. Even worse, three of us paid to have sparkling water instead of just tap water and when we were about half way done with our glasses, someone actually came around and refilled them with with tap water! If you are going to hire people who can pay attention or at least ask the question, then maybe you should serve your waters in different glasses since there are three options.After our mediocre and ridiculously overpriced meal we went to go to the club upstairs. They came around and gave us stamps at the table that would allow us access without waiting in the long line and without paying. When the first person got to the front of the smaller line he was charged entry for two to get in ($50!!). Immediately we said, "wait we don't have to pay" Instead of being able to credit him back for the charge or just giving him cash, the manager came over and gave him drink tickets instead. He acted like he was being soooo nice by giving him and the girl he paid for a ticket and then a second one each. What, 4 drinks for $50, not including tip?? Geee, thanks so much for the generosity. To top it all off, the club sucks. Cheesy, bad flow and really bad air flow. We decided to go up the Tao Beach instead to get outside and that was better as far as being able to move around and breath, but the cockroaches running around were a bit of a turnoff.With all of the choices in Vegas now, this place needs to step up their service and food quality or be replaced.
3	The food is good and kind of expensive.The drinks are a bit to expensive, but they were generous on the alcohol.Nice setting (two story). Also the staff was nice
4	*bias switch on*Unaccustomed as I am to the wayward excess of wesson cooking oil, cryogenically frozen hamburgers -their flesh revived after 5 years of roaming the Mc pastures- and a forced-entry of Harsh Browns-shirts down my esophagus, for the everyday equivalent of a Nazi Spandau prison breakfast, my antibodies capitulated and allowed the stomachal aches to begin their bombing. I decided to tenderly call it "the blitz"This necessary intro will frame for you the picture of my everyday routine in Vegas; as I made my way for the Sands expo center at the Venetian, and with the imperative need to eat some breakfast and lunch. It was not until Friday, after a party at said hotel's poolside, that I finally had the opportunity to sit down at a real restaurant, where I would have at least, real food (the rest of the evenings, btw, dinner was served in a bottle with lime) Enter Tao:Oh yes. Finally some tranquility, some posh, some xanax imbued zest! My muscles relaxed the moment I sat at the couch. My pancreas wept alongside my saliva centers as soon as I blinked through the menu options. I refuse to pejoratively call "drooling" what clearly was the act of tender weeping. The why? Crispy Spicy Tuna and the lusciously fresh Salmon in a sweet (but spicy) sesame sauce and incrusted with crispy onions. Naturally, I enjoyed every bite of these dishes with unabashed contempt to all cuisines under the tyranny of wesson oil, and with unabashed praise towards the butcher's dexterity of the sushi liberating chefs. Kudos.As I made my way towards the bathroom, I noticed that Tao offers an expansive seating area to accommodate many refugees like myself, and when I also saw the stairs that led to the TAO nightclub chamber, I couldn't help but feel how the imposing pictures of the monks and innocent children that loomed in the walls in front of me, where in fact, severely bent on scattering my sinful wishes aroused, or perhaps to manipulate them by whispering in a nomadic tongue: "Its all-ight, we approve!" And so that you know that monks never lie, Tao offers to stamp a comp admission to the TAO nightclub above in your pumping wrist, only and if you have dined in the zen establishment. Watch the horror and astonishment of the serpent-like queue as you breeze by them and re-enter for the club scott-free (yes, they make you exit, and re-enter through the VIP line in order for you to undergo a quick ID inspection. Sorry toddlers!)So I have no problem bowing to the wisdom of the Tao Te King, and acknowledging that "Tao" is indeed "the way". Do come to this amicable speck in the midst of the chaotic Vegas strip Taiji to replenish your Yin, and by all means, your Yang waiting for you upstairs.
3	Glad I wasn't paying for it. Service was excellent, and the food was fine. I have to admit, I'm a Chinese-food snob, having grown up amongst some of the best Chinese and Polynesian cuisine on the East Coast, so take my review with a grain of salt (or drop of soy sauce). Every dish was fine, but nothing was standout, and therein lies my complaint. If you're the most fashionably trendy Asian restaurant on the Strip, shouldn't you have at least one dish that's memorable not for its presentation but its flavor? Nothing was over the top, even my carnivorous friends admitted as much.The decor was, of course, Vegas fab. Love the ginormous Buddha and carved lighting fixtures. But at our table of 10, where was the ubiquitous Lazy Susan? That was sorely missing, and added some aggravation -- as well as spills -- to our meal.
5	Great atmosphere, great service and great food!  We went early on a Tuesday night before a show, so it was pretty dead.  My husband's peppered filet on udon noodles was incredible!  I actually thought it would be more expensive, so we were pleasantly surprised.
3	Came here for dinner on a Wednesday night and it was not too busy but still really loud.  The saketini was reaally strong but in a good way.  Waiter was really rushy with everything and I didn't end up ordering enough food.  The Miso Chilean Sea Bass was buttery and delicious, but they really skimped out on the vegetables.  There were basically none, just some mung bean sprouts and really chewy tofu (I love fried tofu but this was the the worst I've ever had).  I'd come back again because the space is cool and they have a nice menu.
4	Great service, great food and beautiful people! Sea Bass app is the best and the duck for two great entree. We went to the club upstairs afterwords and had a blast. Great Job Tao!
5	not many people have actually ATE at Tao. The food is phenomenal! The special rolls are good. (look for one with crunch on it... i forgot the name) and the BBQ Spare Ribs are some of the BEST i've ever had! Sea Bass is really good too. i ate upstairs where you have a great view of the buddha. everything at this restaurant is good as hell. i highly recommend this place over any restraunt in the other hotels. you cannot go wrong ordering here.
3	Been here a few times, always a lively and fun atmosphere. The lounge is a nice area to people watch as you wait for your table or if you have no reservation, you can eat there on a first come-first serve basis. We always get a plate of sushi for starters. The spicy tuna roll is good. Had the wasabi crusted filet w/ onion rings, decent. The wasabi was a different twist on things, but I think I can do without. Also previously had the miso sea bass with peking duck fried rice as a side, both were decent as well. Service has always been pretty good. I would reserve a table a couple of weeks in advance or you'll be dining late. I mean starting dinner at 11:30pm late. I've learned when you go to a trendy Asian-fusion place the food is going to be mix results. Sushi is usually good, but main dish can be a hit or miss. If you're looking at Tao then you heard about the nice decor. The vibe is Vegas/Hollywood glam, seen someone famous every time. If you dine here, you also get a line stamp for the club. You can impress your friends and said you had dinner at the highest grossing restaurant in the country, which Tao is. The place is more about the scene than the food. But worth checking out once to see what the fuss is all about.
5	Hands-down the best meal we had in Vegas!I had the miso-glazed Chilean sea bass and my wife had the orange chicken. Both dishes were recommended by our server (Jeff), who was excellent. We shared a side of pork fried rice. My wife hates fish and after tasting mine when it first came, she wanted more during the course of the meal.To finish, we had the giant fortune cookie, which was delicious and cool.The restaurant itself had a really nice decor, and was pretty packed for a Monday night.
4	As a nightclub that serves food, this is really up there in terms of flavor and quality. I don't know if comparing this to other "club food" is setting the bar too low, but this place definitely delivered.We had Tao reserved for a company function and the food was top notch, the staff friendly and the alcohol mixing excellent. Each table got a huge plate of delicious sea bass (among other dishes) and everything was gone at the end of the night. I realize its hard to screw up sea bass since it usually comes out shiny and melts in your mouth like a stick of butter, but w/e. It was awesome.There is a decent amount of presentation involved as well, both in the setting and the actual dishes. I wish I had more details but the open bar slowly made the entire evening blurry and dark. Fun of course....but like...what happened again..? Go eat here, dont expect like 5 star restaurant experience but its fun. If social house was still open at TI then I'd rather eat there but its closed now.
1	Went here expecting a delicious meal, but the food is considerably better at P.F. Changs and the stuffy borderline outright snobby attitude of every single staff member encountered terribly disappointed me. About the only thing I would go here for is the sake selection. Other than that, skip the restaurant, and maybe check out the nightclub.
4	I would give this place three stars, but the service kicks it up a notch.The food is good, but expensive. The boyfriend loved the crab cakes! Everything else was good, but not great. We ordered pad thai, gyoza, and a few other things. The server helped us decide, and took an active role in making sure we were taken care of, comfortable, and full. Granted, this was after the buffet at Island Sushi off the strip, so we weren't trying to eat too much, and the final bill reflected that: $20 per person, including tip. But we didn't order too much, and the server had it all just right. He also made sure that we had enough room in our stomachs left to be able to dance comfortably. He got us the line pass stamps to get into Tao, where we danced the night away (albeit a little uncomfortably, given how many people were crammed into that tiny room).The decor is spot on. They did a fabulous job decorating this place, and it's all very classy and elegant, without it being over the top, like the rest of Vegas is.
1	It's amazing how many people will flock to, and convince themselves they enjoyed, an establishment built largely on hype and trashy Hollywood party skanks. Tao broke my number one restaurant rule; they made us wait 20+ minutes for a Monday night reservation. Thankfully, Paris Hilton upskirts and Lohan sightings aren't enough to compel me to wait around to be seated after we had a reservation; so we left. And when we did; they could've cared less. Shocker.
4	This place was surprisingly good. The interior is beautiful with Asian influences, spacious, simple yet elegant, and very dim. The service was very good and timing of the dishes perfect! Atmosphere was nice and seems like a nice, trendy, romantic place.- Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice: good, rice was crispy, sauce good- Filet Mignon Udon Noodles: delicious beef, noodles were good, balanced peppery flavor- Seafood Claypot: saucy, variety of seafood, scallops were excellentEverything was good and not overly seasoned as most fusion places do it. Service was great and the atmosphere was nice. Quite a pleasant surprise as I did not expect this hot club spot to have such good food.
3	You don't really eat at Tao for the food, more of the cool factor. Its fun for what it is a place to see and be seen. The food is ok, not great not bad, ok.
4	Tao is always one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Not just for the great food but for the ambiance as well. The wasabi crusted filet mignon is so good. The filet itself is great but the added flavor of the wasabi crust make it both different and delicious as the same time. The miso glazed Chilean sea bass though may be the star of the menu here. One of the tastiest pieces of fish I've ever had and anyone who I've ever been with here loves it. The spicy tuna on crispy race is great but not as good as the one at Koi (although the portion size is bigger here). If you want to enjoy a great environment while you eat, hit up Tao restaurant.
4	If you have ever dined in Las Vegas then you know it's all about show here.  I have been to Tao In NYC and while the food and atmosphere were stellar, they cannot compare to the service I received at the Vegas location.  On the way in, giant tubs full of fresh rose petals line the hallway, there is a giant Buddha in the dining room.The waiter was SO knowledgeable that he was just speaking extemporaneously...just shooting from the hip about the preparation, the sauces, making recommendations.  He didn't look at a menu or refer to a notepad ONCE.
4	We had a short weekend trip to Vegas and decided to check out Tao since we were staying at the Venetian.  It was our first time going into Tao (we later also went to the nightclub), and we found the decor and ambiance to fitting, comfortable, and well-thought.  The four of us kept commenting on the Buddha floating over the koi pond, the wall of candles, and the giant portraits that were hanging near our tables.  Fortunately, our luck didn't just run out there.We ordered two appetizers and four main course dishes and were pleasantly surprised with the quality and the quantity.  The scallops were amazingly tasty, and the peking duck rolls were beyond my expectations.  Our entrees were pad thai, a red curry chicken, a sea bass, and salmon over udon noodles.  All dishes were exceptionally prepared and the thai dishes were better than you'd find at most specialty thai restaurants.  Impressive.  Five stars would be awarded if our server had been more attentive and perhaps if the price were just a smidge lower.  Dinner ended up running a little long and we were antsy to get over to our Cirque du Soleil show.At the end of the meal, we left as a happy group and were extremely glad we stopped in.  I'll definitely be making another reservation the next time I'm in town.  Bonus: the other perk of eating there for dinner was that we were able to get stamps to return later in the evening for their must-see club experience.  The stamps saved us from a huge wait in line and also got us in without a cover charge.
5	So you want to get into the Tao Nightclub guaranteed without waiting in line for hours??  Have dinner here first !!We were a party of five (bachelor party).  Three of us had the steak, another had the sea bass and i had the sword fish.  We also had the dragon roll, two servings of rice, dessert but no drinks.  The total came out to around $52 a head (remember we didn't buy drinks) but here's the best part...After dinner, they will stamp your left wrist that says "Line Pass".  Once you get this stamp, go outside of the restaurant and show it to the guy at the front door.  He will then give you a stamp on your right wrist (Chinese character) that will "get you in and out of the nightclub as much as you want all night long, no waiting in line".So really, you can pay cover charge of $30 and wait in line for hours and hours (the line went outside the casino) or you can have a nice dinner and be able to get in and out all night long and not wait in line for an extra $22.  And by the way, i was pleasantly surprised with their food!  It was actually very good.  At first they said it was a la carte, so i thought their entrees would be small but surpringly they were not.  Take our word coming from five grown men that by the end of dinner we were actually pretty full!Dinner was very good but the ' in and out as much as you want, no waiting in line ' option was VERY much well worth it !!
5	So the best meal of the whole vacation goes to... Tao. What do you think of when you think of Tao, besides Winnie-the Pooh, maybe a pathway or a philosophy of the true nature of the world? Tao restaurant located in the Venetian has found their "pathway" through their food. Unbeknownst to me, Tao is one of the hottest places on the strip. Not only is it a restaurant but a lounge, banquet hall, a club, and celeb hot spot. I guess I know how to pick them! What I like is that the service treats everyone like royalty. The service here is insanely fast and they have more then enough staff on hand. We met one host and then got seated by another, then our server, a water guy, a guy that brings out food, and then a guy that takes it all away. The decor was insane too, dark rich colors, all kinds of fabrics, very bold and very detailed. Of course the 16 foot tall Buddha stands out just a little. The most impressive attribute about Tao is their food. Tao specializes in Hong Kong Chinese, Japanese, and Thai cuisines. I know it's a lot but this location is huge so they room for it all. The crispy Tuna roll was unbelievable and all it consisted of was fresh tuna in a roll with a crispy outer ring of something (they wouldn't tell me what is was). Vegetable dumplings and veg egg rolls were surprisingly filling and were perfectly cooked. Of course you have to get something tempura, I recommend the asparagus, it wasn't greasy at all, we loved them. So for dessert you have to get the Giant Fortune Cookie (it's almost the size of your head), yeah it's cheesy but it's filled with white and chocolate mousse and you won't be able to put your spoon down. Other then the drinks Tao is relatively cheap, at least compared to most of Vegas. But even if it wasn't Tao is worth the visit.
5	This restaurant just adds to a perfect Vegas trip. I has the Pork dumplings which had a little spice to it, the Sizzling Mandarin fried rice and the Kung Pao chicken with vegetables. Everything from the food to the atmosphere was amazing. We had a party of 11 and were taken care of as soon as we got there on a busy Thursday night. A must on your trip to Vegas.
5	I can't believe Tao only has 3.5 stars. I've been to Tao twice and both experiences were incredible... certainly not a restaurant I could afford to visit often, but for a special occasion, there's no better place in Las Vegas.The food.... 5 stars. The salmon sashimi was incredibly fresh, melt-in-your mouth. The service... 5 stars. The servers I had made excellent suggestions for selections (especially when we came a year ago with a party of ten) and are incredibly gracious and passionate about the food they serve. The atmosphere.... definitely 5 stars. Lush red decor, perfect music makes this restaurant simultaneously romantic and seductive. Why are you still reading? Go! Go to Tao already!
4	My only complaint about Tao is the incense or whatever it is that blasts you when you walk in the door.  Once my lungs adjusted and I stopped feeling like I was about to have an asthma attack (note: I don't have asthma.. thats how much smokey smelly craziness in the air), the rest of the dining experience was lovely.I tried both the chilean sea bass with miso glaze and the peppered filet with udon noodles.  Both dishes were absolutely amazing.  When I think of Asian food and beef, I think tough and overcooked.  The filet was so tender and flavorful.  Right after I ordered it, I was regretting my decision thinking that it was going to be mundane and that I should have gone for something more adventurous, but the dish had wonderful complex flavors that took it way beyond what you would think a beef and noodle dish would be.  The sea bass was so flavorful.  I have tried chilean sea bass many times before, and I have always been put off by the flavor.  This was done right, the miso glaze was amazing.Our drinks were great, our party of four all selected different cocktails so we could sample each others drinks.  All of them were delicious.  My favorite was the Tao Love Potion #9. For desert we shared the giant fortune cookie filled with white chocolate and dark chocolate mouse with fresh fruit.  Kind of cheesy, but it was really tasty and the fortunes were pretty funny.Aside from food and drink, the restaurant decor is beautiful and the service was great, would definitely recommend this to anyone visiting Las Vegas.
3	So since my cousins and I were on a budget, we decided to all share our orders.  We ordered pad thai, shrimp tempura and some eggrolls.  The pad thai wasn't anything extraordinary.  I personally like the pad thai that I've had at San Jose with many ingredients.  Tao totally skimped out on us..which brings me to the shrimp tempura. So, when we ordered the shrimp which was $8, we expected there to be at least enough shrimp for the eight of us. however, when the waiter brought out our order, it consisted of two shrimps on a tiny platter. They weren't even prawns, they were those small tiger shrimps that you can buy in bulk at your local asian store for $8 a pack! Ridiculous! We expected at least four pieces of good sized shrimp but for a tiny cocktail shrimp?? No, that was a waste of our 8 bucks.  Lastly, my favorite has to be the eggrolls. Maybe I was overcome with hunger but they tasted really good.
3	Wow - this place is packed!  In a crazy way!I was not a fan of the long lines outside the restaurant that included people who already had reservations.  That's a little bizarre to me, but then again, Vegas in itself is pretty bizarre.Tao wins in the arenas of drinks and appetizers - seriously their Taotini is the most delicious drink I have ever sipped.  And the Chilean sea bass skewers were truly incredible.  This is a good place to start your night in Vegas, but make sure to leave plenty of time to wait in line even with a reservation.  And prepare to speak loudly to your dining partners because the music is bumpin!
3	Tao is a pretty good Asian restaurant. and club. and apparently like 5 things in one? anywho, let's start with the restaurant.the inside looks really nice. giant Buddha statue, waterfalls...and half-naked sumo wrestler posters. that certainly was appetizingthe chicken potstickers were good, but $10 for 5? I guess that's Vegas pricing for you...and for my main meal, I had fried rice with duck, there was not as much meat in the dish as I would hope a $14 bowl of fried rice, although it was fairly tasty.they have a lot of sake on the list, as well as house specialty drinks. I'm more of a beer guy, so I was pleased to see Kirin and Asahi on the list.call ahead of time for reservations.I'd go back next time I go to Vegas, but maybe go for lunch and see if it was cheaper. I was still kind of hungry after the meal.here's a nice touch - if you go for dinner, you get a stamp to get into the nightclub without (a) waiting on the normal uber-long line [instead you wait on the slightly shorter long line] and (b) paying [not being a nightclub person, this was good].perhaps I'm just jaded from living in NYC and having large amounts of Asian food available for cheap all around me.
4	Scrumptious! Loved Tao, we had an early reservation, 5 p.m. as we were going to see Phantom of the Opera, so I cannot verify the issues of other reviews who had to wait a long time even with a reservation.We were promptly seated, and hats off to Titus our server. He was fabulous. When asking for recommendations he was honest and truthful offering an explanation as to why he felt the way he did about a dish. He was attentive, friendly and fun to interact with during our dining experience.Now to the food, we started with the Lobster Wontons, steamed and not fried and exquisite. The lobster was perfectly cooked, and the ginger broth was amazing, 5 wontons was a great starter, but left us wanting many more.I ordered the Wok Seared New York strip, it was seared to  perfection with a nice crust on the outside, yet tender on the inside. The sauce is bursting with strong Asian flavors that are a perfect accompianment.Tony ordered the Omakase, which is sushi and sashimi and is the Chef's choice. He was thrilled with everything served on the plate. The food was wonderful,so  we decided to break with tradition and order dessert, that turned out to be a good decision. We ordered the Chocolate Eggrolls served with an Orange dipping sauce, again, truly amazing, there is nothing better than something with a crunch and oozing warm melted chocolate. Can't wait to go back!
1	My friends and I came here for dinner to enjoy some food with the hopes we'd go to the Tao Club without having to wait in line. The food was mediocre and the service was completely horrible. I would be more adamant in refusing to come back except I'm probably not going back to Vegas anytime soon anyway.My friend made a reservation at Tao for a late dinner. Some members of our group were a little late, but still made it to the restaurant before our reservation was cancelled. For no particular reason, the waitstaff at Tao decided that the appropriate action was to make our group wait before seating us. During the 1+ hour wait, my friend kept going to the host to find out the table situation, as the rest of the group watched patrons finish their meals and the restaurant clear out. Partway through our wait there were numerous empty tables, yet it took another 15-30 minutes to be seated.My friend complained to the manager of the restaurant, who apologized profusely and brought over our waiter, and made lavish promises to make up for the ordeal our group had been through. They promised free shots, a couple free appetizers, and "special service" from the chef. Well, we received the free shots and some edamame. I never figured out what the "special service" was... Overall, the experience flat-out sucked. Food was okay, but that's probably only because I was starving by the time it arrived at the table. The time we saved waiting in line was negated by the wait for a table. And if the manager makes an apology I expect him to HONOR it.
5	The Verdict: "The ultimate zen experience."Items ordered: pork chow mein, sushi, other fusion dishes[Pros]+Awesome decor with bathtubs filled with petals and candles lighting the dim entryways and a massive buddha statue in the main dining area+Great food, my favorite was the garlicky, pork chow mein+Polite service [Cons]-Pricey (but it's worth the experience)-Drinks are really pricey with small proportions Would I Recommend It?: Yes, a great place to hit if you are in Vegas! Great spot for pictures too!
4	Ambiance- 5 starsService- 4 starsFood- 3 stars===============4 stars overall--------------------------Sake braised Shitake mushrooms: 4.5 stars. NomnomnomMiso glazed sea bass: 4.5 stars- YUM.Five plus five Ingredient fried rice: 4.5 stars. Good, but a little soggy.Pad thai noodles: 2.5 stars- Too sweet and some noodles were cooked well and others too soft.Black pepper sizzled filet mignon with udon noodles: 3.5 stars- noodles good and flavorful, but filet mignon had too much black pepper and salt.Kung pao chicken: 2 stars- too sweet!Lobster wontons: 2 stars-meh. Nothing special.------------------------Even though we had a reservation at 8:30PM, it took them 30 minutes to get us seated on a Saturday night. Our waitress was really nice and helpful, but the lady at the bar downstairs was not nice at all. No smile, only attitude.
4	Good food, good service, good atmosphere. Nice place to come if you're craving Asian fusion or are celebrating something special. I do recommend you come with a fair amount of people so you'll be able to sample a little of everything as it is family style portions. Items that stood out for me on the menu were the sea bass, shitake mushrooms, and udon noodles. Lots of mushroom which I like and you can taste a hint of the sake they used in it. The sea bass was very fresh, tender, a bit fishy though so if you don't like the fish taste, I wouldn't recommend it. And last but not least, the filet mignon was nicely peppered, grilled, and complimented the udon noodles well. All the other stuff we ordered like pad thai, kung pao chicken, or the lobster wonton didn't excite my taste buds. The kung pao chicken had more vegetables then it did chicken. Boo. The pad thai was dry and not enough sauce, also I found it odd to serve a Thai dish at a Chinese fusion restaurant. The lobster wonton were mediocre. Would have been better if they were smaller or maybe fried. They had too much filling and were soggy. The little fortune cookies they give you at the end are kind of fun. They're chocolate cookies with your not so everyday fortunes :) Service was amazingly fast, 3.5 stars for you Tao!
5	Great food, great service, nice atmosphere, great place highly recommend it. try the beef tartar roll, awesome. the banana bread pudding was amazing as well. Can't wait to come here again.
4	Cool- plain and simple. The ambiance and decor is great, the service is excellent and the food was exceptional. The pad Thai and appetizers (too many to count) were delicious. The bar area is great if you want to grab a quick drink and something small to start your night. If you are planning on ending your night here- have dinner and get a line pass to the club.
4	Have been here several times & I will come here again & again just for the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Vegetables ...it is sooo good!  Just melts in your mouth.  Thai Fish Hot Pot with Lobster, Scallops, Shrimp, Squid and Clams also great.  Hong Kong Xo Shrimp with Long Beans and Jasmine Rice is good, but I have had better.  The Japanese Seaweed Salad Sampler is okay...I guess I don't like seaweed that much.  Martinis also yummy...had a watermelon martini which was refreshing.Service is fast, great.  Decor is great...get a 2nd floor table on the edge for a great view of the giant buddha...hey, there is a koi pond under there!!  (Didn't notice my first time here).  Highly recommend before coming to Vegas or when in Vegas...call for reservations!  Or expect a very long wait, dinner @ 11:30 pm or forget about eating there that night.  This last weekend we were there & settled for an early dinner due to their anniversary celebration & with the with likes of P. Diddy there that night...getting in at any other time would have been impossible.  Also pricey, but hey it is Vegas.
1	We had heard good things about Tao restaurant so we were excited to go. However, we were severely disappointed. First, they messed up our reservation and we had to wait 45 minutes to sit down. When we finally did sit down, our waiter was not very helpful and seemed annoyed that he 1. had to help us and 2. we didn't take his recommendations upon ordering. We ended up ordering several small plates, dumplings and sushi. They brought out all our food at once -- and the sushi was NOT freshly made at all and had no flavor and kept falling apart. The only highlight of the meal was the fact we got into the TAO club upstairs for free. $107 later..... I think this place is extremely over-rated and not worth waiting on line for.
5	TAO! The best dining experience we ever had! We set our standards high but TAO always provides!Pros:- Decor is something else - The best I ever saw in a resturant! Schick, contemporary and fresh!- Extremely clean- Food is to die for! You cant go wrong!- Service is attentive and usually very professional, personal and upscale!- This place screams luxury! What else can you ask in a restaurant?! Just log into their website to see the style & design!It is defiantly one of the reasons I like visiting Vegas.Cons:- Wait time to be seated can take a while- Seating at the less private tables can be annoying (too close to other people)Those are the only things I can think of.Few Tips:- As I mentioned, ask for a private table - you'll suffer at the small ones listening to strangers conversations - A reservation is a must! This place is booked weeks ahead - Order at list 10 days prior!- If you did not make a reservation, act as if you did and it's their own fault for not updating the list, act mad, surprised and appealed. Also, if you look like one, act as you are somebody important, celebrity or a hip hop talent. You might need to wait but you will be seated!Price is expansive but you get what you pay for, and TAO provides a lot In terms of food, service quality and dining experience!It also got the TAO night club which is awesome, to the best of my knowledge you could enter for free if you were dining that night.Club is open on weekends only.Great for groups, dates, business & celebrations!One of my favorite restaurants in the world!Yalla Bye!
3	I've only been here once and I like to give places a couple tries if I'm left uncertain. From my experience the food was "OK". Nothing to rave about, nothing memorable. The ambiance is cool and hip. It was kind of dead for a Las Vegas restaurant but then again it was a Monday night. I'd give it a 2nd shot if I didnt have to pay for dinner.
2	My first two-star review - and well-deserved, lol. Why do so many non-asians fall for the Asian-named, fakey Asian themed restaurants?Could I open a retail establishment with an 'exotic' name like Shangri-La, Tao, or Buddha Bar and start raking in the bucks because Americans believe in exotica due to never traveling internationally?Le Bistro??Le Car????This place is as overrated as they come. My bias is that I don't like Vegas in general, but this place reminds me of the worst fakey aspects of Vegas, Hollywood, and Beverly Bills. The real Buddha might have laughed his belly off at the vanity, superficiality, and ego-parfum of this place, or silently glided through the materialistic depravity.I had a vegetarian bowl....about 3.00 worth of vegetables with a 400% markup, which was my fault. I read some online reviews that were all so glowing I lost my marbles and went. Lost some bucks, and more importantly I wasted another sliver of my life. Going to Vegas even for that 80 minutes, after being in Zion National Park , almost ruined the serenity I gained the during the whole trip.The restaurant Tao has nothing to do with the real Way of the Tao, as far as I can see. It's just another trendy, forgettable, disposable waste of time and money, situated in a shopping mall!
2	we went to tao for dinner for a bachelor's party... our party consisted of 12 people... we sat at the bar area upfront and had drinks while we waited for our table... the decor of the restaurant is really nice... the ambiance is really good... the food at the tao, ugh not so good... every dish we had was either too sweet, too salty, or over seasoned... portion sizes were small... the only dish that was semi mediocre was the sea bass... high priced less then average asian food... can definitely get better chinese/japanese/vietnamese fusion food elsewhere... h-100...
4	This is a great dining option on the strip, especially if you've got a show nearby.  We went as a group of 4 on a Tuesday, with reservations at 7pm and it wasn't crowded, so we had the server all to our self.  When we left about an hour later, it was absolutely packed and the servers were running around from table to table.  So, go early and enjoy yourself!  The food is awesome and the ambience is even better.  Not sure what you want?!  Your waiter will defintely help you make a decision.  For vegetarians, they can replace the meat with tofu on most dishes (although, you'll still pay the meat price), so you have plenty of options.  For dessert, defintely get the jumbo fortune cookie!  The prices are a tad high, but you defintely won't leave the place starving.
5	We went to this restaurant mainly because we heard the good stuff about the dancing upstairs! But when we arrived we were immediately intrigued by the restaurant and the entrance! Beautiful. Great staff. The waiter mentioned that there was some reviews about them of them being snobby...I couldn't believe it. Our waitress was so attentive, extremely interested in making sure our experience was awesome. We ate this amazing Corn Soup with a crab stick that was to die for. Then we had yellowtail jalapeno sashiimi and spicy tuna rolls and it was delicious! I tried their specialty drink and again superb! Go there and enjoy! Try the Lychee/Mojito mix that they make. Outstanding. A bit pricey but worth it!
3	This place is your typical Vegas restaurant.  Large, loud, and expensive.  Fortunately, the food is actually pretty good too.  I enjoyed the miso glazed sea bass and made a sound sake decision.  It's just hard to fall in love with a cavernous theme restaurant regardless of all of the other factors.  You are in Vegas though so this is the norm.  I actually walked by Mike Tyson who was waiting in line to get a table.  Overall, the place serves good food in a Disney like setting.
2	Came here for a business dinner. The club scene here must be really good - otherwise, I don't know why it has the reputation it has. The food was so-so. It's ultra dark and loud in there. It was kind of weird to dine upstairs and see part of the place roped off and empty. I was expecting a cooler vibe.
4	Craving some fancy Asian? This is a great hot spot. I put on my high heels and cute little dress and headed over to The Venetian and was not disappointed. The ambiance is very dark and sexy- candle lights and rose pedals floating in tubs of water. The service was great. It seems they have a large staff and are ready for large crowds. This is a great place to eat alone, with a friend or in a large group. The food was good but not spectacular. I ordered a rare Ahi tuna with spinach and it was very salty. The sushi rolls and Salmon specialty with avocado were great. Reservations are recommended, every time I visit this place is packed.
5	We celebrated my sister's 30th birthday here. Booked a week in advance and explained that we had to be at a show by 7pm and they were great about our time restrictions and made everything happen. The staff were very fast, friendly and efficient. The food was wonderful especially the duck fried rice. The surprise birthday dessert they prepared for my sister was truly amazing (see pics) and delicious....AND fed the four of us! We loved the atmosphere and my sister said it was the best birthday dinner yet. A great dining experience!
4	Although I love Tao nightclub, Tao restaurant pales in comparison.  We went for dinner and the food is decent, but slightly over-priced for the quality and portion size.  We had a nice bottle of wine, the Peking duck for two, black pepper filet mignon, and lo mein with roast pork.  The duck seemed a bit over-cooked, the filet mignon was excellent, and the lo mein was probably a poor choice and I'm pretty sure we've all had better at our local Chinese restaurants...The waitstaff was friendly, albeit a bit slow because it was so busy, and the decor was really gorgeous.  A bit loud, but the nightclub is right upstairs so it's not surprising!But the best part of the dining experience by far was the dessert!  We shared a truly awe-inspiring huge fortune cookie filled with white and dark chocolate mousse, complete with a huge paper fortune inside.  Amazing and the main reason for the extra star!
5	I've been to the club here before, which will be reserved for a seperate review.  Dining at Tao is one of those Vegas experiences that you will remember.  Located at the Venetian, which is like a LEGO-land comprised of the Gritti Palace and the Royal Danieli with St. Mark's and the Grand Canal thrown in for good measure, Tao is a Buddhist temple amid this garbled baroque mess.  You will need reservations here and expect to have a drink at the bar, which isn't all too bad considering the loads of eye candy hanging around, as if they are apart of the scenery, so you will be sure to see something that you like.  Take the opportunity to order a Grey Goose and soda, sit on one of the couches, and look at all the hot Asian broads w/their raven tresses and wasp-thin waists, and the European bitches in their Milanese high heels and tossed-boob salad exploding out of their wrap-dresses.  Yes, yes, tres chic, I know. The dining room is dim, crowded, and there's a thousand conversations going on at one and the same time.  Not sure if I'd come here for a "special occasion" type of dinner, as in ask your girl to marry you or to tell your mistress you're married.  Our waiter was cool, reminded me of a SoCal dude, like he'd hang out in Venice Beach.  For dinner we started off with the spicy tuna tartare and kobe beef shashimi - both were to die for (the tuna was crisp and crunchy, and the kobe beef was like eating Kobe Tai, go figure).  With our main course (we both got the miso glazed Chilean sea bass) we paired it up with the lobster and kimchi rice (again, an excellent choice). I'm a sake novice and was open to suggestion: we started off with the sake sampler, and with our dessert got the sake dessert sampler, I believe, and me and my bud both agreed that the cloudy Voices in the Mist was our least favorite - I walked out of here a bit rocked.  For dessert we opted for the giant fortune cookie.  In the end, $244.00 for two before tip, which, in my opinion, isn't bad at all considering what we got.  Will definitely make it here again and do our best to revitalize the economy.
4	My experience with Tao's Restaurant started before we even sat down to eat! I actually set up a reservation for a party of 11 with Maria - the res manager a week before we were in town. She just had me fill out a very simple CC Auth and we were good to go. Getting to the hostess stand can be a little bit of a journey as by the time you are getting in for dinner, people are already lined up to get into the club. Once you make it to the bathtubs (best part of TAO hands down) you are golden! And on to the food... Started the meal with Pork or Chicken (sorry, I forget) Gyoza. It was good but CMON BABY, Gyoza is Gyoza. We also had the Vegetable Dumplings with Crunchy Cucumber Salad. Both were so light and refreshing. My entree was a wassabi crusted Fillet with Onion Rings and a side of Sake braised Shiitake Mushrooms. The Mushrooms were so tastey and perfectly tender. I had when Shiitake's get mushy. The fillet came out a true medium rare and the Wassabi crust set it over the top. My spoiled ass even found a cab from Napa on the wine list. **Side note - don't you have being out of California and seeing whack wines on the menu?** Too bad I didn't leave room for that Giant Fortune Cookie I keep hearing about. After dinner you can also get a stamp that can get you another stamp that gets you into the club for free!
4	Ok so maybe I could get equally good or better Chinese food back home in the SF bay area but the decor and service here were remarkable! I loved the giant Buddha although I found it amusing since Taoism doesn't necessarily+buddhism. But that's ok it was really fun to check this place out, now if only the prices were a bit more reasonable I'd be a real fan.We had the tuna tartar (sort of japanese style), the peking duck for 2 which was very tasty but small, and some veggies in a black bean sauce that was very tasty as well.
2	The food was tasty, but the service was horrendous.  We came to celebrate a birthday, and only saw the server 3 times during the night.  My entree didn't come with rice and I asked for a side order, it didn't come until after I was finished with my dinner.  The Tao-Tini's are delicious, and the desert was very good. I would forget about their sushi, it was disgusting and unpalatable. Forget about asking the manager for anything because he does not care.  We were promised a front of the line stamp to get into the night club, but had to wait amost 30 minutes after we paid our bill, for the lady to come by and stamp our wrist.  Good tasting food, but I would go else where next time.
2	SOOOOO Overrated. I have had 2 mediocre dining experiences here. I celebrated my birthday here, and it was sooo gross and ghetto. Bottle service at the club was a total rip off, certainly not worth the 400 bucks.  We had to walk up 3 flights of what was probably the most gross filthy old staircase I've ever seen (in heels!, wtf?). We were seated outside by the bar on these crappy mat-bench things (which were dirty and dusty).  They looked like wrestling mats that you'd see in a high school gymnasium. Also, these gross old hags came over and sat on the bench next to us (they didnt buy a bottle or pay to sit there) and were smoking cigarettes. We had to track down security to ask them to leave. Anyway, the environment was so lame and I was so irritated that I drank waaaay to much (so I wouldn't be aware how badly everything sucked). I blacked out and woke up the next day in my room at the Encore. I was delighted to see that my wallet (and the 3 grand inside it) had been stolen. Being in Vegas with no ID, wonderful, let me tell ya. Needless to say, it was a very disappointing birthday. If you are looking for a special experience, this is not the place. I don't understand why it gets so much press, it's a real dump. Now I know why they have to pay celebs so much to go here.  If they weren't getting paid, they wouldnt be caught dead here.  And as far as sushi goes, if you want an impressive meal, head to Nobu or Sushi Roku (see my review). My next nightclub experience will probably be at XS, it looks waaaay better.
4	Went here this past Saturday for a friend's birthday dinner.  We were only able to get a 6:45pm spot because we called to make a reservation the day prior to arrival.  I love the dim lighting and overall ambiance of Tao Restaurant.  The place is bit noisy to be a romantic dinner date spot, but it suited our needs for the birthday dinner.  The club music playing in the background pumped us up for later.We hung out at the lounge while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive and took advantage of the photo ops.  This place offers eye candy galore for both men and women...bonus!  Items we ordered:* Lobster Wontons with Shiitake Ginger Broth ($18) - my friends said this was tasty.  I didn't try any, so can't attest to the taste...although it smelled wonderful.  The wontons were served in a clay pot, simmering gently in it's ginger broth. * Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Vegetables ($34) - this dish was once again very delicious.  The fish was cooked just right...crisp on the outside and flaky on the inside.  The stir-fried veggies and fried tofu pieces rounded out the dish perfectly.  * Crispy Spicy Tuna Roll ($16 / six pieces) - I really enjoyed this roll, which consisted of spicy minced tuna spread thickly on crispy rice cakes (cut into rectangular pieces).  * TAO Angry Dragon Roll with Eel & Kabayaki Sauce ($15 / eight slices) - I enjoyed this roll, but it's just your standard eel roll...nothing special about it.  * Kobe Tartar Tempura ($19 / eight slices) - The minced Kobe beef was wrapped in seaweed, which was then encased in sushi rice and deep fried.  On the side was a bed of marinated, sliced Shiitake mushrooms (which was sweet and delicious).  * Black Pepper Sizzled Filet Mignon with Udon Noodles ($29) - can't say much about this since I didn't get a bite, but it looked and smelled good.  The serving was plentiful, compared with the other dishes.* Molten Chocolate Cake ($10) - this came with coconut ice cream, but they honored our request for vanilla ice cream instead.  * Assorted Ice Creams and Sorbets ($8) - served with a couple of almond sesame cookies.  Drinks: Glass of Scarbolo Pinot Grigio ($10) / Tao-Tini ($13) / Orange Dragon ($13) /  Bottle of Corona ($8).  For our entertainment, we witnessed this drunk lady that somehow ended up on the lap of the huge Buddha.  She was posing for pics until security escorted her out.  I guess we're not supposed to sit on the Buddha's lap?  Darn!  Another great experience at Tao Restaurant.  I will always make it a point to dine here on every Las Vegas trip.
2	I tried giving Tao Restaurant a second chance, but it has still failed to redeem itself from previous experiences. A huge factor in my poor rating for this venue was the lackluster service. I called about 2 weeks in advanced to make a reservation for 7 and we STILL had to wait over 40 minutes for our table to be set. What's the point of making a reservation if we're stuck waiting in the lounge anyway? The hostesses were not very helpful or friendly either. "Your table will be ready in a few minutes" turned into a dreadful prolonged standstill in our evening. I have the slightest feeling they dragged it out intentionally just to entice us to order drinks in the lounge, but we did not cave.Finally seated in the nippy upper level right in front of an overpowering AC system, us poor gals decked out in Vegas-appropriate dresses shivered as well browsed through the menu. The fish clay pot I had my eyes set on was taken off the menu, so I played it safe and ordered the black peppered filet mignon w/ udon once again. It took me a while to regain the sensation in my tongue from the blazing hot flavor, but the rest of my friends thought it was pretty tasty. The miso glazed Chilean seabass was one of the best dishes at the table. Who knew such a thick, buttery, succulent filet accompanied by a pile of spinach could be so worthy of drooling-status. I still think the prices are overpriced for what you're getting. $18 for fried rice is just flat out absurd. The only reason we decided to dine here was to get stamped for the nightclub so we could pass up the entire line with free cover. Smart idea if you plan on dancing the night away at Tao, but after this experience, I'd much rather scout for VIP passes on the strip or find a promoter for a hook up.PS: Don't forget to bring floss if you order the black pepper filet mignon. I walked out front door with black specks all over my teeth. Hawtness.
1	I ate here and was rushed in and out like I was in some fast food joint. Our server made up their mind that we were not big tippers (ageist, much?) and treated us accordingly to their wrong assumption. The food was okay but not worth the price or hype. I loved the decor and ambiance. My drink left something to be desired, as well. Will not be returning to any of this chain's locations. Not well played, sir!
5	I love this place! Partly for the fond memories surrounding us going, but the food was fantastic! I had never been a fan of sushi before (in fact, had a few bad experiences with sushi) but was willing to try a "good" place. Wow! So yummy!! Highly recommend it! There were four of us in the party and we didn't have reservations--highly recommend you make reservations--so we had to wait for like an hour. We sat in the bar downstairs and got properly drunk while we waited. By the time we were heading to our table, it was standing room only, and difficult to move.As with everything else in Vegas, it's pricey. But worth it. With dinner, you get a hand stamp to get into the club upstairs for free. That was pretty cool. Unfortunately I was with some people that didn't want to go to the club, so I just poked my head in and looked around but didn't stay.The bathrooms were very cool too.It was almost midnight when we settled the bill and left. The place was PACKED and the music was loud, but enjoyable. I'd definitely go back again and again!The only downside, besides being pricey, was that it was hard to find inside the Venetian. I'm not sure which entrance it's at, but I always get lost inside The Venetian!
4	Since Tao was conveniently located in the Venetian where I was staying, we decided to go there for dinner.  I love the walkway inside with the floating rose petals and the super comfy couch to sit on while waiting for your table.  We had reservations but still had to wait about 10 minutes which isn't too bad considering how mobbed it was.The ambiance is swanky Asian and kind of dark which is nice.  We promptly ordered drinks upon sitting down.  I had the Lychee martini made with Ketel One, Triple Sec, and Lychee puree.  It was fucking fantastic - tasted fruity but not overly sweet and there was a piece of lychee on a skewer in the drink for you to munch on.  I can't say I've ever had this before but I will definitely try any lychee drink from now on.For food we were a bit random and ordered a few different things.  We had the chicken satay skewers with peanut sauce.  I freakin love Thai peanut sauce so I loved this little appetizer.  Then we had some sushi rolls - I think they were spicy tuna - and they were also pretty good.  For our entree though we had Peking duck since our waitress told us they were known for this dish.  For $34 per person it better be phenomenal and perhaps cure cancer.  It came out and it is basically almost an entire duck served with what amounted to Asian tortillas and hoisin sauce.  There were also some onions and cucumbers to put on your tortilla.  I tried it with the tortilla but it just reminded me of an Asian taco so I just ate the duck alone.  The skin was shiny and crispy and the duck was juicy and fatty.  I don't know if it was worth $34 but it was damn delicious!  Eating it with chopsticks was a bit of a challenge so by the time we got to the drumstick I just picked the meat off with my hands...no shame in my game!Overall I was pleased with Tao and could definitely see going back to try some other things on the menu that looked interesting.
3	The only thing nice was that eating at Tao allowed us to get into the club for free and no waiting in line.  I had the salmon with udon & spinach which sounded great.  I had the salmon medium rare and it was as expected.  The udon was a little salty.  It was hard to hear people speaking with the club music bleeding over to the restaurant.  The service was pretty good and the overall menu had a pretty good selection of food.
3	Came here for a birthday dinner with a couple girlfriends on a saturday night.  We had made reservations that morning and was able to get a reservation with no problems.... we ended up showing up an hour earlier than our reserved time, dunno how that happened and why ... but i guess in vegas ALL people lose track of time... i guess we were too excited to just stay in the room...... any hoot, we show up and we were able to get seated 45 mins earlier than our reservation. We were totally surprised and delighted at the same time. This was my first time to the restaurant part... and honestly wasn't expecting much to begin with, based on all the negative things that i've heard about the food and the service. But honestly.... i had a great time.  The ambiance was nice, i could've gone for lowering the volume to hear my friend sitting across from me, but i didn't mind yelling. =P The food was absolutely delicious. We had all ordered fish ~~~ there was the Miso Glazed Chilean Bass, Soy-ginger glazed Salmon, and the Yellowfin Tuna. All were cooked perfectly and seasoned well.  I would definitely come back to try their other dishes.  Service was decent for what it was worth. The place was crazy busy and we had plenty of libations at our table so we didn't really notice any lack of service... we were enjoying each others complany wayyyy too much. =)I hope i don't ever experience what people have written about this place.... HAPPY EATINGS!
3	I've only been here for dinner and not the night club, so I cannot comment on the night club part of Tao.While the ambiance here is spacious with a cool decor, the food here is overpriced and not worth it.  Sure, you may see celebrities here, but really, who cares?  I care more about the taste of my food.And when you ask for water, they ask you if you want plain tap water or bottled water.  They almost make you feel like a schmuck for drinking ordinary tap water.  They serve Voss water in a big bottle here.We got the usual sushi rolls and steak entree.  The food is okay, about what you expect from this kind of place.  The people are gorgeous so if you're into people watching, you'll probably like this place.  But otherwise, it's a one time experience for me.
4	Friday, January 8, 2010As being my first trip into this restaurant I have to say this: it's packed! Reservations were at 9:30 and we arrived about 5 minutes after 9 and still weren't seated until 9:45. All I was thinking was: the food better be outstanding. And it was very very very good. Appetizers: Lobster Crab Cakes & WontonsMain Dishes: Spicey Whole Lobster & Lobster, prawns & Scallops in a Black Bean Sauce.
4	I was lucky enough to have a girls night comp'd dinner here a while back and I really loved the atmosphere, great music, low lighting, great service and all the great looking people (waiters/waitresses). Because we were a comp'd dinner, they brought out a wide selection of sushi, appetizers and entrees. I felt like we almost got to try everything on the menu! My recommendations: Shrimp and Lobster Dumplings, Kung Pao Chicken, sushi of your choice- tasted very fresh, and I loved the seaweed sampler. It was a great setting for a group, a bit loud if you are looking to be able to talk to everyone all at once, but great for small conversations all around the table. Was a great way to start the night off before heading to the nightclub in Tao.And they make great dirty martini's here!
4	The decor was gorgeous! The service was amazing, we had several people waiting our small table. The food didn't excite me, but I would go back and try something else.
3	Friendly staff. Decent food spoiled with NYC Tao I guess there is just no place like home
5	Dinner here was AMAZING.  We made sure to get an earlier reservation (6:30) on a Friday evening, so we didn't have to worry about the night club crowd coming or having our reservation be bumped.I had originally asked for a private table after reading reviews on here about some tables being too close to one another.  We were seated on the third level over looking the main floor and the table couldn't have been more perfect.There were two of us having dinner this evening, and Tao didn't disappoint (at this time slot) for a romantic evening.  The lighting, decor, and music were all absolutely perfect.We started out with the lobster wontons and veggie dumplings.  He had a gin and tonic, I ordered a shirley temple  (unfortunately he brought me a roy rogers, but I wasn't going to whine about it and have him run down three flights of stairs for another soda for this pregnant chick).  Entrees were wasabi crusted filet mignon and orange chicken with pork fried rice.  PHEN-O-MENAL.  I have never had such good food enter my mouth.  I HATE steak, and my husbands cut of meat almost turned me into a convert.Dessert was fruit and sorbet, making for a perfect food ending to the experience.Our server was just ok, but the young man doing the clean up work was the one who deserved the kudos.  Just an over all pleasant guy.I suggest this restaurant to anyone...just make sure you go earlier in the evening, and I think you'll be hard pressed to bitch about ANYTHING.
5	After Jersey Boys, we needed a light dinner. Tao delivered in a big way. We were blown away by the decor. Candles, lighting, glass, wood, tile, sculptures... A very cool place. We started with a sake sampler. The waitress really took good care of us with her suggestions.  The three sakes were delicious all in their own way.  Lobster wonton in a yummy broth with mushrooms and onion came first. Unbelievable. Just delicious. Next came a Chilean seabass with a miso glaze, fried rice with duck, and spicy eggplant. The fried rice was so so but the seabass and eggplant dishes were amazing.  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  This was every bit as good as Nobu but in a better, warmer atmosphere.
4	Went there for dinner on a Friday night on a recent trip to Vegas.  My girlfriends and I had plans to hit up Tao nightclub later that night, so we decided to go a little earlier and have dinner as well. I have always thought of the club and not the restaurant when I heard the name Tao, so I wasn't sure what to expect.  We didn't have a reservation, but we only had to wait 15 minutes or so.  The service was crazy fast even though it was packed at 9:30 on a Friday.  Our server was very friendly and was very honest when asked about what was good and what we should stay away from.  I had the New York strip steak, and it was fantastic!  They also had a Kobe steak on the menu, which is what I really wanted, but I decided to save myself $83 and use it on drinks later;)
4	We were at Tao for the night life, and from all the crazy dancing we needed a snack, and what is this??? the restaurant is OPEN?? score!! So we ask for a table, maybe wait for about 15 minutes, and get seated. the waiter was super nice, kept filling my water up (hurray! gotta hydrate!) and he was super patient with us as we took forever deciding what to order.Ok, so this was actually like a month ago, so i dont remember the EXACT dish that we ordered, but I remember not liking the gyoza/dumplings. I was sooo disappointed because i had been craving for some, but it was not good. i forget why, but it just wasnt. maybe it was just bland, nothing special for however much it was.i DO remember loving the fried rice with the fried egg on top, and their phad thai was really good. You can also hear the music in the restaurant, i think it might have been different from the dance floor, but it was really good. hip hop music but it wasnt too loud where we had to shout across the table to talk to each other. just a great place overall.
3	On our way into the Tao Nightclub and we decide to grab a late dinner (more like a breakfast of sorts).  The atmosphere was beautiful.  A large 3 story Buddha statue and DJ oversee a faux converted warehouse full of beautiful people.  The sashimi trio left much to be desired.  Though the wasabi salsa was delectable, the poor portion size made this dish way overpriced in comparison to other Japanese food venues.  Think deli thin sliced. A sampling of the vegetarian fried rice and Chicken Satay with peanut sauce saved Tao from total shame.  My suggestion? Eat before you get to the club and save your money for the drinks.
5	The SEABASS, Filet Mignon & the KOBE BEEF is to DIE for!!!I've been to this restaurant twice in Vegas and I made a vow to get these 3 dishes everytime we come back. I'm not much of a fish eater, but the seabass was sooo goood. However,  I recommending getting two if you have a large group and doing family style. The portions here are fairly small, but the quality of the food is high.  Service gets five stars as well. The first time I came here, we sat upstairs- more secluded and private. The waitress came everytime my glass was half full and refilled my drink for me and asked if we needed anything else. The 2nd time we came here, it was extremely busy and we sat downstairs. Again, the service was GREAT! The waiter came back and filled up my water so much I told him to put the pitcher on the table :) Heads up: I would hold off on the drinks unless you are drinking WINE with your dinner. We got a few signature cocktails and they were all average. Also, it kind of ruins the taste of the food.
5	Went here for my birthday dinner and had a great time! Contrary to my belief that restaurants like this have no decent food, the food was absolutely delicious! We had the Kung Pao Chicken, the Pad Thai, the Sea Bass, the steak, rice, and much more. Our entire group enjoyed every bite! They also brought me birthday ice cream as a nice surprise. The only small inconvenience we experienced was that even with reservations, we still had to wait. Thankfully, the waiting area/lounge was very nice w/couches, tables, a nice bar and good music. So in reality, I have no complaints about this restaurant.
4	Very good food and great atmosphere. It was my husband and I's night out on the town just to get a late bite to eat while visiting in Vegas from lA. it's definitely a people watcher scene and a very loud place but the ambiance was incredible. The food was very good. We had the lobster wontons, yum! and 3 different sushis and the steak. I would have liked to tried the seabass my favorite but my husband wanted some beef. Overal the place was great the only negatives were the drinks were not that strong, usually on  greygoose lemondrop I am good to go, but i had two of their tigerlillies and didn't seem like there was a lot of alcohol.. also we had a reservation and had to wait about 25 minutes, but was told wait a few minutes while they were setting our table. which probably was not the case.overall i'd come back w/a girl's night out but for romantic date night, probably choose a quieter place(also agree w/ the guy that mentioned the tap water request, they ask what type of "bottle" water you want and if you say no they say oh ok, so tap water is fine, instead of just saying water..)
5	We went here on a recommendation from professional Vegas vacationer and we had our best meal here during our trip to Sin City.  The server was very attentive and made suggestions for all our courses and he was spot on.  We had a tuna appetizer that still melts in my mouth.  I believe I ordered salmon for dinner and my friend ordered some sort of fish and we both found them excellent and perfect portions. Our cocktails were inventive and upscale.  The restaurant, just like most places in Vegas, was something to view in and of itself with a gigantic Buddha in the middle of the restaurant.  Can't wait to visit Tao in NY.  My only pet peeve?  No one knew they were supposed to pronounce the place "Dow".
4	Beautiful. Relaxing. Fragrant. These are a few words to describe the overall experience at Tao's in the Venetian. If anyone is looking for excellent food at well rounded prices, then this is the place for you.Nestled in the corner of the Venetian, a little ways from the indoor gondola ride area, Tao is an Asian food experience that is certain to make you want more. Not only is their service impeccable, but their food creations are sensational, beautifully balanced, and light. We went there to experience the hotel Asian cuisine a few weeks back, and I have to say that Tao was one of the best we've had in our lifetime.After ordering tempura to start, we followed with a kobe steak, kung pao chicken, and lobster gyoza in a mushroom truffle miso sauce to die for. The tempura was light, flaky, and melted in my mouth. The winner appetizer, however, were the lobster gyozas. The sauce was incredible, the lobster was sweet and the dumpling part was so soft and perfectly chewy. The entire dish was well balanced to the point where I wanted to drink the broth! The steak was so soft that a knife was unncessary, and the chicken was juicy and perfectly cooked. Our server was quick to refill at every turn, and there was so much to eat, dessert was not an option.Although our dinner cost well over 180 dollars, it was well worth the experience. Not only is Tao restaurant a genius at Asian flavors, but a visual beauty. I honestly cannot say anything about this place except--exquisite.
4	Pleasantly surprised by the food. I wanted to experience a trendy Vegas restaurant and heard mixed reviews on Tao (NY and Vegas). However, I really enjoyed my dinner here.First of all, the decor is beautiful, albeit ridiculous. A restaurant called Tao, filled with numerous Buddha statues including the nearly twenty feet tall one in the main room, large photographs of sumo wrestlers in one dining area, and large color photographs of Buddhist priests of varying ages decorating the hallway to the restroom, and the overall opulent decor? Not to mention the crowd of tourists and revealingly dressed beautiful and less beautiful people. Not sure this is what Buddha intended but overall a very beautiful lounge and restaurant.We had a reservation (thank goodness; the place was packed) but had to wait about a half and hour. We got a drink at the bar. Yes, well drinks were expensive but not surprising for Vegas. Once we were seated, we had a nice view of the gigantic Buddha. Our server was very friendly and informative. I felt in general the waitstaff was attentive, even though the restaurant was so busy.As appetizers, we ordered the lobster dumplings in shitake mushroom broth, spicy ahi tuna on top of crispy white rice (basically like nigiri) and the toro toro roll. The dumplings and broth were excellent but the skin of the won tons were a little thick. The spicy ahi tuna was yuuummmy. The toro toro roll was the weakest dish. The fish was not very prominent, which was disappointing since I love toro. This roll was also topped with some sort of crunchy, sweet cracker-like topping that I did not love. We also had two entrees: the black pepper flank steak and udon noodles, and miso-glazed sea bass. The steak and udon noodles were okay; nothing special. The miso-glazed sea bass was delicious and perfectly cooked. The vegetables it came with were somewhat of an afterthought but the sea bass was so beautifully cooked that I didn't care too much.Definitely a fun, vibrant, LOUD environment. Overall, I was impressed by the quality and flavor of the food and I enjoyed the atmosphere.
1	The WORST restaurant I have EVER been to- food wise (which is the most important thing). The venue was gorgeous, and we got amazing seating looking over the aesthetically brilliant decor. BUT THE FOOD WAS REVOLTING. I can get better Chinese take out in ARIZONA. (Oh yes, I've been there and their Panda Express kicks ass compared to this poop hole). It was the blandest, grossest, coldest, and most depressing meal I've ever had. The only good thing I can say about this place is that their lounge makes sick drinks (kudos to the Tao Love Potion concoction!) and their bartenders are really nice. Other than this their bouncer need a freakin reality check. You're a bouncer. You prob got let out of prison 3 months ago and it's only a matter of time until you go back. I'm dropping 200+ on dinner so do me a favor and check with  your manager before you tell me that I have to wait in line to get into your club which was also one of the WORST I have been to in Vegas. If this is your best meal the only place you've been dining at is McDonalds.
5	The best dining experience ever. We waited forever to get seated for a party of 7 but it was all worth the wait. A lot of the dishes we ate was recommended from our waiter and our waiter did a really good job making those recommendations. Every dish we had was mouth watering. My favorite was the lobster dumbling (interesting right?) and the sea bass. A lot of their sushi rolls were really delicious also. Everyone should definitely give this place a try at least once when you're in Vegas. It would be worth the experience =) I would definitely come back here
5	Best meal ever!! Server was excellent, he read my mind at least twice. Recommended toro toro roll and chef roll as apps and the toro (having never had it) was like silk in your mouth. Atmosphere is sexy dark and non invasive. We sat in the mezanine overlooking Buddha. I ordered Shrimp and Chicken Pad Thai and my husband ordered the Black Pepper Sizzled Filet with Udon Noodles. We shared both as they each sent your mouth into absolute happiness. After dinner I had the Orient Express Martini for dessert (so delicious) and then we sat and enjoyed a pot of tea before paying the check. Perfect 10 year Anniversary dinner. They also stamped us for the Nightclub which was awesome as the line was at least a mile long.Will return for sure!
5	Tao is one of my favorite restaurants ever!  Located inside the Venetian, this Asian Fusion restaurant is a must eat when you're at Vegas.  Make sure you make reservations though, especially on the weekends, or you might not get the time you want or you'll have to wait awhile.The decor is very trendy Vegas, with dim lighting, lit red walls to contrast the dimness , Buddha statues, bathtubs filled w/ rose petals, and japanese lanterns.  Ambiance is very chic, modern, and sophisticated.  The food compliments the ambiance of the place, using traditional asian recipes and adding modern flair.  Here's what I had:Appetizers: Spareribs- asian flavored spareribs were sweet, tasty, and the meat came right off the bone - there were 6 spareribs in one orderPeking duck springrolls- fried spingrolls with peking duck inside was delicious and not covered in oil like other springrollsEntree:Miso glazed Chilean Sea bass -  my favorite place to get Chilean sea bass never disappointsAmerican Kobe- my friend ordered this and he gave me a couple bites, and it was pretty good.  First time having Kobe beef so I wasn't too sure what to make of it.  Beware of $88 price tag.Dessert:Giant Fortune Cookie- Enough to feed 4 and served with fresh tropical fruit.  The fortune cookie was light and complemented well with the vanilla mouse inside the cookie.  I found the chocolate mousse to be a little too sweet.Service was efficient and friendly, so no problems there.I'll definitely come back to Tao every time I go back to Vegas.
3	I was in Las Vegas for a work event and two of my colleagues and I decided to try Tau out for dinner. We had reservations but still waited almost 20 minutes to be seated and were only seated at that time because my colleague went back up to the host stand. I understand that the restaurant was busy but expected that if the wait was that long (with a reservation) that the host would let us know. Once we were seated we decided to let the waiter (who had been there for 5 years) decide how we would attack the menu. His recommendations were spot on. We started with the spicy tuna tartare on crispy rice (which was tasty but had too much rice for me) and the lobster wontons with shitake ginger broth (wontons were light and the lobster and sauce were rich - delicious). He had us move onto sushi and had the Surf and Turf roll and the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno and Ponzu sauce. The yellowtail has a great balance of flavor and while the surf and turf roll was good, it had almost too many flavors going on. We moved onto heartier dishes like the wok-seared New York sirloin (which was good and WAY less expensive than the 12 oz Kobe ribeye our waiter suggested), the Chilean sea bass (he suggested two appetizer portions as opposed to one main which was the same price and we got more fish), and the Buddha's vegetables. All were delicious and the perfect amount of food for the group. We finished off with the oversized fortune cookie which came with a fortune for everyone and was fun to share. Overall it was a fun dining experience as long as your are ok with sharing plates (which i am).
5	Perhaps because Kim Kardashian, her mom, & co. were to the table to my right, and David Spade and Colin Firth of SNL were to the table to my left, Tao failed to give me one thing I would have needed - a lobster bib.That is the ONLY thing that my Tao Restaurant dining experience lacked and who knows, had I asked, maybe they would have had one on hand. We had reservations for Saturday night for 8:30pm to celebrate my 30th birthday. Friends were gathered from Chicago, NYC, and San Francisco. We had a 45 minute delay in being seated at our table but that came as no surprise given the busy night. We were seated in the first floor dining area near the majestic two-story tall Buddha statue. Our server was courteous, attentive, and knowledgeable on the menu items.The standouts for me appetizer-wise were the vegetable dumplings and egg rolls (i'm pescatarian and do not eat meat). My carnivore friends seem to enjoy the dragon tail spare ribs and meat potstickers. Through it all, the wine kept pouring.Our entrees came and I was dazzled by my Typhoon Lobster with Fingerling Potatoes and Spicy Stir Fry. This is when the bib would have come in handy because when I was done it looked like I had massacred an aquatic beast! Fine food, great conv, surrounded by top notch friends -  this was an evening to be remembered. I will mention that the pair who ordered the Peking Duck for 2 were indifferent to it. The description had sounded amazing but did NOT live up to their expectations. Everyone else enjoyed their food immensely though. Then came what would make for buzz that this meal was a contender for best meal ever - the dessert platter.Over the off-key singing of 'happy birthday' came the mother of all dessert platters. It included a scoop of ice cream, sorbet, molton chocolate cake, fruit, and a giant fortune cookie filled with white and dark chocolate mousse and chocolate buddhas. Simply incredible and I am not generally a dessert person. From the moment you walk in to the moment you leave Tao you feel as though you are experiencing something unique, exotic, and daring. The decor is chic and sexy, the vibe hip and happening. Thank you Tao for making my birthday dinner one I will never forget.
4	Cool place, good food, chic decor, and good service. Our waiter was knowledgeable, calm, cool, and collected. We had drinks, dinner, then coffee after-wards and didn't feel rushed at all. We were here for my friend's bachelorette party so it was the perfect setting! Very Sex and the City for sure :)
5	Food is 5 stars good.  The best meal I have had in Vegas.
4	This is a review for the Tao Restaurant:I know what you're thinking: style over substance.  I was thinking that too when I first walked into this restaurant.  It is like eating in a nightclub or lounge.  Lots of well-dressed good looking people, and relatively loud music.  This place is a scene.  But you know what?  The substance was actually there for the meal that I had.We shared a series of small dishes and main courses and were very impressed.  The substance was actually there in the food and the service was friendly and attentive.  A nice treat considering that I was expecting the worst.For our starters we had the shrimp with peanut sauce, XO Chinese long beans, the crispy spicy tuna roll, and the spicy eggland dish.  All of the dishes were quite good, flavorful, and had a good portion size.  The dish that really stood out here was the crispy spicy tuna roll which ranks up there with one of the best rolls I've had -- it packed a nice kick and the fish was fresh.For the main courses, we shared the chilean sea bass, the typhoon lobster, and the wasabi crusted filet mignon.  The main courses were all delicious.  The sea bass was fantastic as was the lobster.  It was all decadent and delicious.I would come back here as the food lived up to the style of the restaurant.  Plus, you can a line pass if you eat here which allowed us to bypass the huge line into the Tao Nightclub and enter the club with no cover charge.  A nice bonus!
3	So I got a $200 gift card from a very nice catering manager at Tao after we had a successful company party that we threw during CES 2009. My bf and I decided to dine here during my stay in Vegas for CES 2010. We had to wait for our table even though we had made reservations, so we went to the bar and I had a mojito while we sat in that crowded area. We were seated in 15 minutes. The place is very asian and sexy...but kinda crowded. We had lobster crab cakes & wontons as appetizers. For our main course we had this huge spicy lobster, prawns and scallops in black bean sauce. Food was decent, service was okay as well. I probably wouldn't go back here unless it was for someone's birthday or something.
4	Nothing about Tao restaurant would make someone who knows me well think I would like it.  The music's too loud, the food's too expensive, and it's just too long to sit down for me when I'm in Vegas and there's a ton of stuff I want to make sure I have time to do.  But I come here for one reason, and one reason only.  CHILEAN SEA BASS.  This place has orgasmic fish-orgy-in-your-mouth watering CHILEAN SEA BASS ($34).  I look forward to eating this dish every time I go to Vegas, simply accompanied by a side of white rice.  I also had some $14 appetizer of tuna tartare which was delicious but I could have done without.  Topped off with a nice bottle of Sake and we kicked off the night right.I was a little apprehensive about eating here with my friends on a bachelor party trip.  The thought of 10 guys eating at Tao together late night made me think like we'd look like a bunch of freaks, but literally every table there was a large group of males or females, but not both.  Makes sense right?  No one wants extra baggage in Vegas.Last point....when you order water you better say tap or they're gonna bring you some Voss and charge you $7 for it.
3	This place has great ambiance and is really cool, but underneath it's just an over priced PF Changs. I expected more from the food. There was no complexity to the flavors. Most of the dishes were too sweet or over salted.  We allowed the waiter to serve us omakase and unfortunately, he didn't listen to our preferences or dislikes. Seems like he just went back and said "Give table 6 the #2." I'm not saying don't try this place, but keep your expectations in check.
4	I've been to the Venetian many times and passed in front of Tao and always wondered if it was any good. I wasn't interested in the nightclub but with such hype about the restaurant I had to try it.The ambiance is great. Lighting was just so. The place was just as I expected. Good food, good service. Gyoza was one of the best I've ever had.I just wish they were open for lunch.
4	the food was awesome.. steak comes presliced.. was so savoury and delicious.. the gyoza was awesome toototal bill for ten people came to around $600 which includes auto gratutity for a large groupsome issues with service and the waiter copping an attitude so they lose a star for thatwe ate here to get a line bypass stamp for the nightclub.. this means you don't have to pay cover either so its definitely worth it for thatwe also saw david spade there and one of the comics from Last Comic Standing but didn't bother them
3	The service was excellent. The food was good, but doesn't live up to expectations.
4	Though the service was average and no celebrities were anywhere to be found, the food at Tao was delish!  We arrived 10 minutes before our reservations and were seated right away. The ambiance was cool and sensual but the decor was a bit too busy- not very zen. The 3-story Buddha was beautiful, though. A definite keeper.Our meal was delicious. My only complaints are that 1-the sushi we ordered came with cucumber when the waiter said it came with avocado, and neither one of us like cucumber, and 2-no cream cheese...I LOVE cream cheese in my sushi! So, that made me a little sad. Other than that, it was an overall nice experience.
5	Let me start off by saying that I absolutely LOVE Tao! The decor is amazing, the staff is very friendly & helpful, and the food is delicious. And if that's not enough for you, inform your waiter that you plan on going to the club after dinner and they will give you a stamp that will get you in for free (both males & females) and let you skip the line. You can't beat that! We visited Tao (Restaurant) on 4/1/10. We made same day reservations and they were able to accommodate us. I had the "Crispy coconut shrimp with Thai peanut sauce" and my date had the "Soy ginger glazed salmon with udon noodles and spinach." Both dishes were great - Cooked perfectly, even to the toughest food critic's standards. However, I think the best part of the meal came at the end. Like any other Asian restaurant, they give you a free fortune cookie with your bill. But these are not your standard boring fortune cookies. The fortunes inside are a little more unique than most. Mine said "You will receive a spanking in your near future" and they bear the Tao logo on the corner. Definitely made us laugh at the end of a really great meal. On the down side, prices are a little high here, but that is expected from any nice restaurant in Las Vegas. Don't let this deter you - This place is worth the splurge! I highly recommend Tao - I know I will make time for Tao every time I go to Vegas!
2	Awful.  The decor an obvious ripoff of the now-dated Buddha Bar in Paris.  Whenever I go into a place this dark, I wonder how filthy it must be when the lights are turned up.  We had 9 pm dinner reservations, and we weren't seated until 11.  Plus one star for comping us a free round of drinks, no small feat when there were 16 of us, and a round of appetizers, but only one because the food took an hour to arrive and was lukewarm and when it did, not to mention uber salty.  The quality was low - anyone who says it's any good obviously hasn't had any Chinese food that's any better than P.F. Chang's.  The only reason to have dinner here is to avoid the line for the club, but when you've got a bachelorette party totaling 16 chicks, there is really no need to wait in line anywhere, or pay any cover charges.  I suspect the reason why we wound up here (and many of the other dining patrons) is because this place was featured on the Kardashians.  Go figure. :P
4	My littlo veggie boy chose this place to celebrate the eve of his bday. We arrived and had cocktails before our reservation. We were promtly seated and i loved the vibe of this place. Let me just explain that there are different types of 'customers' i am the type that patiently waits for the server to be ready, i am the nice customer that smiles and says thank you, and waits. Ma' BOO... on the other hand is Mr. 'Right now', Mr. New Yawk. He orders when he's ready, weather he sees you ready with your pen and paper or not he's gonna order. He wont wait for you to make time to stop by, he goes to get serviced. He pretty much thinks he is Prince Aladdin. Thats why i felt bad when i came here. He is all about himself. He wants shots and martinis before dinner... he will make the server go run and get it. The food was great. Boo didnt love it soo much but the service was great. The staff made sure we took our 'couple' picture at midnight and they were awesome. I will come back next time i come to vegas. But boo wasnt so excited about the $200+ dinner tab :(
3	You pay for the atmosphere. The food is good but very over priced. Come on now, $26 for Kung pao chicken? And it serves just one person!!! If you make reservations, especially on a Fri or Sat. it is a 50/50 chance you will get sat on time. We had to wait 45 min over our due time. And we weren't the only ones they did this too. They didn't even offer to comp an appetizer or anything. Put a DJ and lounge area in a PF Changs and Id go there instead 100 out of 100 times. This is a place to try once and that is it. unless you are into bad service and being ripped off on dinner prices. Atmosphere an A+
2	the food is WAY too salty.  portions were generous and my favorite was the giant fortune cookie- definitely the highlight.  everything else was ehh.. The ambiance and decor was nice as well..I'd say this restaurant is more for booty shakin than dining.
1	I would give Tao zero stars except it deserves credit for being a really cool looking place.  The food is mediocre, insanely salty, and totally overpriced.   The sushi is not on par with any good sushi restaurant in LA or Vegas, and the rest of the menu is like Katana's.  The service is horrendous and the attitude is a joke.
3	Beautifully decorated!  I dined here with a group of 8 and we never waited for anything, which was great but also expected at the level of restaurant that this was not to mention it's in Las Vegas and goes with the territory.  I ordered the Black Pepper Filet with Udon Noodles it had a great strong flavor, I liked it for the most part however later on I burped pepper steak all night which is not very sexy when you're partying.The Chilean Sea Bass was a popular dish at our table (aka Patagonian Toothfish which is currently over fished and should be avoided by all chefs and consumers!)My husband ordered the Wasabi Steak it was surprisingly mild, but good.  Additionally ordered was the Shabu-Shabu, the presentation was quite nice and after eating this multiple times recently in Japan I felt that it was translated nicely. The Chef's Roll was a great starter as well as the Lobster Dumplings.
4	I love the atmosphere of this place.  The menu has some great offerings at your typical expensive Vegas prices.  I had two smaller dishes, some sushi and the kobe beef tartare.  The sushi was pretty good, although not earth-shattering.  The kobe beef was tasty at first, but it was salty and at the end I was just eating it to eat it.  Other people at my table had the fish (bass), which they said was very good.  Anyway, this is a good place to hang out.
4	I went to Tao for my girl's birthday this past March. The venue is does not have the ideal acoustics but the tuna tartare was TO DIE FOR! I have never had tuna tartare that has melted in my mouth like this...plus the lychee martinis were fresh! Service was prompt and food was brought out together vs. staggered (we had a large party) which was an added plus. I hate when food gets cold because everyone is waiting for other dishes to come out. Would definitely come back again next time I'm in town...
3	so i've been lucky enough that the many times i've eaten here, the meal was comped...otherwise, i don't think i would eat here voluntarily after the first visit...for asian fusion, i've definitely had much better!the ambience is great...mood lighting, great decor...overall, good vibe...even after being around for vegas for some time, tao is still considered a "hot spot"...after dinner you can make your way upstairs for drinks and dancing and maybe even possibly rub elbows with some celebritiesanyway, back to the food...each time, we had 3 course meals that included everything but the kitchen sink...honestly i can say that i've probably tried the entire menu. and i realized that what makes everything taste "good" is that everything is smothered in some extremely salty sauce or another...otherwise it has nothing to do with how well each dish is prepared. they just slop some meat and noodles and this and that into a pan or a pot and saute it in a can of salty sauce number 1 - 10. throw in some veggies and voila, you have a signature tao dish. again if i had to pay for it, i wouldn't eat here...thank goodness for comped meals! but i will have to say try the chilean sea bass...again quite salty, but mmm, this is the one thing i would get again and again...for dessert, i've tried a platter of everything offered on the dessert menu...from the lava cake to the giant fortune cookie to the mochi balls, i've tried it all...the gigantic fortune cookie is fun to eat more than anything else (comes with naughty fortunes too), but everything else is just meh~. definitely avoid the lava cake though...tasteless and chalky...my absolutely favorite dessert was a mousse parfait of some sort served in a tall glass...at the very bottom of the parfait was this phenomenal chocolatey crunchy goodness that i could've eaten an entire bowl of
5	We had a wonderful experience. We had an RSVP and had zero wait. We had a group of 10 led by a VIP that secured us a nice round table. The wise and skilled waiter (Jake) sagely suggested that we set an approximate cost per person of around $70 or so (not including drinks) and he bring out multiple entrees and serve family style. We had a few vegetarians in the group.This plan worked very very well. The vegetarian dishes (kung pao tofu, spring rolls, vegetable dumplings, sake-flavored mushrooms) were all quite good. The Sea Bass skewers were out of this world. Also quite good were the lobster dumplings. Service was excellent at all times, though this might have been influenced by a VIP in our group. B/c said VIP among other stuff we were treated to sushi, some apps and a dessert platter with a giant fortune cookie stuffed with yum, ice cream, apple dumplings, pocky, and stuff similar to cannolis. The dessert was good, but definitely not the best stuff that this place has. If you are looking to save money, skip dessert here.Perhaps our experience was not normal b/c the VIP on board, however the food, ambiance as well as the great wine/liquor menu justify a splurge here. If your waiter is half as good as Jake, you will be 100% satisfied.
4	Our first night in Vegas for our Gal Vacai led us to get all dressed up and walk over to Tao for drinks, dinner, and dancing. We walked right in got a table pager and grabbed drinks at the bar. We sat at the cute little booth and chatted for less than 5 minutes when our pager started to buzz. We were seated next to the giant Buddha water fountain. Very nice decor! I ordered the Crispy Orange Chicken which was delish and my gal ordered the Black Pepper Filet Mignon with those yummy Udon Noodles add a side of rice and call me satisfied cause I liked it! We asked our waiter what time the party started and he said sorry ladies no party on Tuesdays. Boo! But he was nice enough to offer stamps to their sister club at the Palazzo Lavo (more on that later). After we ordered our server kinda disappeared and then we got a new guy who brought out our food and then the bill. We had to ask about the Lavo pass again. The manager came over and stamped our hands and that was it. This server weirdness is minus one star in my book. Okay about the bathrooms- they are not labeled male and female. Be warned ladies your yangs...I think. Remember I did go after a few drinks so I could be wrong.
4	I enjoyed the food and the atmosphere when I was there.  I liked the giant buddha in the restaurant and the opiate pipes along the wall.  We ordered the lobster and shrimp dumplings and the vegetable feast for the minor gods and enjoyed them.  The tuna pate was just alright, but then again I rarely enjoy tuna.  They also had a great coffee martini. Oh and the giant fortune cookie was delicious!
3	The food is over priced and decadently displayed, but hey it's Vegas and I expect no less. I must say the service is great and the ambiance and decor is really really interesting to look at. With an RSVP we did not have to wait, and there is also a cool lounge area for those without reservations. I recommend the lobster won tons, veggie dumplings, and the fish. The drinks are good as well. I would come back just for the experience of eating next to a giant Buddha.
4	Excellent option for dinner in Vegas. Sexy ambiance, good food, reasonable prices for what it is. And dinner gets you immediate entry into one of the best clubs in Vegas.
3	I give this place 3 stars because the food is good not awesome but the price is defintely meant for killer food. I only paid for the food to avoid the club cover charge. If you're only looking for a nice dinner I suggest going to another restaurant in the Venetian, wolf gang has a few good ones around the area.
3	Another grandeur restaurant, the most impressive aspect of this place is the club environment while dining.  It's definitely not the place to be if you're looking to have a quiet conversation.  I loved the electronica being played in the background and they make great drinks.  My beef is that despite having reservations, you have to wait in line to check in, then wait in the lounge while they prep your area.  My dish of choice here is always the Peking duck.  I'll never understand though why they charge for 2 people when I ask for 1 order, perhaps that's the default?  If that's the case they should just have a base price on the dish of $68, rather than $34 / person.  I always enjoy ordering the spicy tuna over crispy rice, but couldn't' find it in the menu this time.
3	Went early as we had tickets for the Jersey Boys at 7.  Arrived on time for our reservation and were seated immediately, with a late request to sit near the buddha.Service was decent.  We had to fill our wines a few times, didn't try any of the cocktails.  The wine list is fairly extensive with many options from relatively cheap (Vegas standards) to high end stuff.  (wines by the glass, not so extensive)  I ordered the pepper steak w/ udon noodles.  It was nice, although I expected more pepper for a pepper steak.  The noodles were done well and the sauce was tasty.  Overall, it was a nice dish, the problem was it's not worth the $30 they charge.  I get that this is Vegas, but there are better restaurants for that price within the Venetian.Ambience was cool, the buddha is big, the bathrooms say yin and yang, so I walked into the wrong bathroom not knowing yin means women in some kind of Asian language.  I like the electronica playing and it was never overly loud, although we were there early.The fortune cookies are very wise as well.  Mine read like this, "Sex is the most beautiful, natural, and wholesome thing that money can buy."  I should give them four stars just for the fortune.There are better options for food, but if you want a hipster joint with decent food, this may be your spot.
5	Ok when I think about restaurants on the strip I generally don't think I'm going to have any sort of meal that is satisfying, tastes out of this world and is not pretentious. Tao has really taught me a lesson in that department. Don't judge until you've tried. I've come to Tao two times to eat and both times my socks have been blown off. Not really...cos both times I wore heels that were way too high and uncomfortable and ended the night walking around without shoes. Note to self: DO NOT wear ridiculous shoes when you intend to walk more than 3 steps. I digress...I digress...back to Tao. Contrary to popular belief, both times I was here (once with 8 people and once with 4), we were able to get tables (the first time we called the night before and the next time we just walked in) on Saturday nights. As you enter Tao, there are these flower-petal filled mini earthen bath tubs...haha...if I had a couple of their super strong lychee martinis I would go take plonk myself in one of these. They look that zen and inviting. This latest visit I made to Tao started with drinks at the bar while waiting for our table. Lychee Martinis...I made sure to ask for "extra strong" martinis and that was delivered. A great start to the night. The waiter we had was very knowledgeable about the food. He knew exactly what went in each dish. Tao is also very vegetarian friendly. They can substitute tofu in many dishes and there are many veggie options. Ok now to the dishes:1. Shishito Peppers - Yum Yum...very nice and interesting. Never had these before. I probably wouldn't order these if I didn't have more than 4 people in my party. Rather large portion and the taste is interesting only the first couple of bites2. Sake Infused Mushrooms - OK I am going to go insane right now. This was soooo good....i HATE sake and I'm salivating all over my laptop right now. I can't even describe this dish. You just need to get it. NEED TO I tell you3. Steamed Veggie Dumplings - The dumplings itself were pretty normal. Nothing out of the regular dumpling world. Don't get me wrong, they were good...just nothing to write a paragraph about (although I guess I already have). Now, the dumplings came with this AMAZING crunchy cucumber side. Ok...seriously...cooked cucumbers. Sounds icky but Yum Yum Yum. Very very nice...4. Fried Brown Rice with Veggies - Wow. Crispy lettuce, perfectly cooked tofu, simple flavors and you wouldn't even know you are eating brown rice (I don't like brown rice). Tastes sooo good. This is literally the best fried rice I've had outside of Asia. And I've eaten many a fried rice5. Mango Tamarind Martini - This one tasted sooooo good. Masked the taste of alcohol (i can't stand the taste of alcohol) and tasted interesting with just a hint of tamarind. A perfect complement to the meal. The drink still packed a good punch even though you couldn't taste the "punch."We ended the meal with the 4 of us sharing a chocolate cake of some sort. I'm not a fan of chocolate cakes in general so I can't really remember how it tasted. The girls seemed to like it though. We even got our hands stamped to get into Tao (the club area) after we ate. Totally worth the price!If you are in Vegas and up for a nice dinner on the strip I would suggest Tao for sure. Great food, amazing drinks, good service and the ambiance is of course wonderful.
3	They accomodated our party of 9 in just a few minutes without a reservation, so they get points up front for that. I was not a fan of our server, as it seemed that he was mocking us the entire time. But I wouldn't expect anything less from a restaurant that thinks it's a nightclub. It's a little too cool for it's own good. Turn down the techno! :)All in all, the food was tasty. I wasn't blown away by my pad thai, but there were a lot of interesting things on the menu that I'd like to try.
4	We were eating here so we could easily get into the club.  It turns out the food is actually pretty good.  They sat us just a few minutes late.  We found a nice spot by the bar to have a few pre dinner drinks.  The drinks are pricey but the setting is great.We started with the chicken satay and pork rolls.  Both were excellent.  The peanut sauce with the satay was great.  For my meal I had the filet with noodles.  The sauce was great.  I would have liked a little more meat, but I was still very happy with my meal.For desert we shared the giant fortune cookie.  One half was filled with dark chocolate mouse.  The other half was filled white chocolate mouse.Overall it was a very good meal.
4	I ate at Tao last night with a girlfriend.  I think it's been 3 years since I last ate there.  The quality of the food is great, I'd definitely recommend the sashimi plates; we had both the salmon and yellowtail (the salmon was definitely my favorite!).  I also recently became a fan of uni but I have to admit at $8 a pop for 1 piece, it can become a pricey addiction. =\ But it was a very large piece, and very fresh!Also had their signature tapas dish -- sea bass with asparagus.  It was a bit salty; we needed to eat it with the roast duck fried rice we ordered to tone it down.  That was the only negative of the meal.We did not order a main entree but what we did order was the perfect amount for the two of us.  Bill came out to be about $100 and we didn't order any cocktails, which seems about average for a restaurant like this. Good service and a nice ambience.  Extremely busy on weekends so without a reservation you may be waiting a while to get seated.Overall a pleasurable dining experience. =)
4	I went here for my birthday dinner. Made reservations online so I don't know how long the wait normally is. We came early, sat at the bar downstairs and then got seated. The atmosphere is very serene. Lighting is dim and creates a pleasing dinning experience. We got the Soy Ginger Glazed Salmon which was amazing. The crust was crisp and the noodles under the piece were fantastic. We also got the Yellowtail sashimi and the Soft Shell Crab roll. Both of those were excellent. Oh, and you can't forget the Crispy Thai Shrimp appetizer that had the shrimp inside an Eggroll type shell and came with really good sauce. The drinks were amazing as well. I got the Mango Tamarind Martini which was a lot different than anything I've ever drank and very tasty. We payed about $150 for 2 people, so it wasn't too bad. I'd definitely go back again for another special occasion!
3	I didn't know it was open so late which is def a bonus in vegas.  After a certain time its hard to find exactly what your looking for and my boy was craving asian fusion.  so we headed down to try it out.  The pan seared pot stickers were amazing and the rest of the food we tried was just ok.  It did hit the spot though and you never know we could end up here again some late night.  Glad we tried it out
4	When we called to make the reservation, they told us that you only need to order $5 + appetizers to get a stamp to get into the club for free and bypass the long line. However, when we arrived there, we were informed by our server that we must each order 1 entree from The Sea, The Land, or The Sky, or 2 rolls, which would be 25+ for each. Didn't turn out to be a big deal because everyone was pretty hungry. I would definitely recommend the miso glazed sea bass. It was delicious! But be sure to order a side or rice because it'd be too sweet without it. The orange chicken doesn't resemble anything from Panda Express and comes in a large portion with a side of rice. Not bad, but I'd prefer the sea bass. Thai Buddha Chicken is a mystery. I am not quite sure what it is exactly, but it was juicy and tasty nontheless. And we got our stamps and got into the club with no troubles for the rest of the night. The dinner average out to about $40 / person.
4	Great restaurant, great decor, GREAT service, great food.  OK, its a bit pricey (but I was willing to pay $88 to check out a kobe porter house!).  Also had the Spicy Tuna on crispy rice (excellent, and surprisingly large portion!), and the egg plant which was also excellent.It was a Monday night, so maybe why they didn't have a live DJ, but that was a nice to have at Tao in NY.
2	The only thing I really liked about this place were the drinks and the atmosphere. It's a see-and-be-seen kinda place which I knew to expect. Three of us waited 1 hour on a Monday night to eat here, which wasn't really a problem since we sat at the bar for that hour, but it was also 10 PM!! We made friends with the bartender who was a really cool, down to Earth girl who shared stories of celeb sightings and poured plenty of alcohol in our drinks to make them worth $15 (she also told us about the bizarre rules that Tao had for their staff, only to be expected at a hot Vegas spot). By the time we got seated it was clear that our waitress was either exhausted or could not handle the amount of tables she had because frankly - she sucked. She forgot drinks, forgot to put in orders, took 20 minutes to bring over the check, and wasn't even friendly or apologetic. I sampled a few things - the duck spring rolls which were ok, the coconut shrimp which were decent but nothing to write home about, and some sushi and sashimi which was again - just OK. Anything else we had was not memorable. Like I said at the beginning, the drinks were fabulous but obviously pricey - hey it is Vegas! But I could've drank the "Geisha Girl" martini all night. I definitely won't be back there to eat but would consider going for a few cocktails or hitting the nightclub.
4	Just got back from Vegas and went to Tao for dinner, I had been to the club but never the restaurant. The wait was pretty long, close to 45 minutes for a table, we didn't have reservations. We got lucky and found chairs by the bar downstairs and had a drink while we waited. I ordered Sushi and my husband ordered the Wasabi crusted filet and both were very good. Our server was awesome, he was so friendly and happy. We ordered lobster appetizers and each had wine. The atmosphere is nice, dim lighting with a giant Buddha and fish swimming in a pond around it. After dinner we got stamped for free admission to the club, we went in for a drink and stayed for about 30 minutes. I'm not a club person but wanted to check out Tao Beach since I had already been to Tao night club years ago. Overall the experience was good and I would go back again.
5	Go no farther than the Seabass!  Miso glazed to perfection!  We are so addicted to this dish we always order it, and let our 2nd dish be whatever...  Crunchy Spicy Yellowtail is one of the best rolls in town, often we come just for a quick nibble of that.  Be sure to make a reservation!
4	We dined as a group of 10 on a Saturday evening. Highly recommend for a group dinner, as it provides funky and hip ambiance and decor and excellent food and service. As previous reviewers note, it's on the expensive side, but Tao is not the place to go for a quick and cheap bite in Vegas.I ordered the tuna tartare with peppercorn sauce - one of their signature dishes. It was perfectly cooked and beautifully presented. Their wine/sake list provided lots of formidable pairings (I chose a Sauvignon Blanc). Several others in our party had the wasabi-encrusted filet mignon, but frankly it wasn't that impressive. It was served with tier of fried onion rings and lacked anything memorable in terms of taste, although it was cooked perfectly.A significant bonus of dining at the Tao is that you get a line pass stamp for the nightclub, although the process of getting into the club was not quite as seamless as we expected. (Separate review for the nightclub).
4	This review is for the restaurant only. Well, the wait was about 40 minutes on a saturday night. Whatever, I expected it. Luckily they give you a pager and there are some shops around to kill time. Plus theres a room full of couches to wait around on, and a small bar as well as cocktail waitresses that will be more than happy to bring you $700 bottles. The food was pretty good. A lot of the "fancy food I have no idea what this is" type stuff on the menu. But if you're into the fancy stuff you'll like it.Our waiter was super awesome. I expected some douche baggery at this place with the staff but everyone seemed pretty nice and even most of the security at the door were pretty nice guys. But back to the waiter, he hooked us up with drinks and was very helpful with menu questions. Unfortunately no "group drink" bowls for alcohol. Those are always fun and this would be the perfect place. The theme here is pretty cool too. You've got the Buddhist stuff going on, it's very dark, and theres a giant statue on one wall. They've got loud music going the whole time, not like club loud, but you certainly can't have a quiet conversation. Would I go back? Maybe. I don't regret going though. If you eat here you get free entrance to the club. Gotta get a stamp!
4	We decided to come so that we can have a nice dinner and then easily get into Tao.  I actually thought the food was really good and the service was great too.  It is a bit pricey, but oh well - it's Vegas.Made reservations on opentable.com and got seated pretty quickly (there were only 2 of us)Crispy tuna sashimi roll - inventive and different, but just ok in my bookLobster wontons with shitake ginger broth - yum, v. good, would get this againWok seared NY sirloin - good sized portion, nicely cooked meat, the sauce and mushrooms were very flavorfulTAO lo mein - really big portion, v. yummy but was your typical lo mein from any chinese restaurantBefore we left we got a stamp on our wrist that said "Line Pass".  We went back to our hotel to relax for a bit and then went to TAO a bit later and got in no problem.
5	Best Sea Bass ever. I just wish that I knew the recipe so that I can cook it for myself every other time. Every time I wish that I could go to Vegas just to have this.That is how good it gets.
4	This place was great! Its in the heart of The Venetian and had club music pumping as soon as you walk in. It has a completely different ambiance then the one in NYC.Tables are a little closer together then I had expected but it made for interesting side conversation. Had a tree of sake tastings with some random people from Texas next to us. Didn't realized how messed up you could get off of rice! Food was good and music was great. Place is pricey but what do you expect for Vegas.If you think you are getting in to the late night lounge on your meal ticket think again. Surprisingly you had to still pay a $20 cover to get upstairs into the lounge even if you just spent $200 on dinner there! Sooo be prepared for that :)
5	I LOVE everything about this place!  It's a restaurant/night club at the Venetian.  When we called for reservations, the frist available time was at 11:15 pm. One of my male friends said that he and his friends had a difficult time getting in the last time they were in Vegas.   We got there and we had to wait a few minutes at the lounge for our table.  People were already partying and they got us free drinks, yes!This place is very trendy, very hip.  The decor and lighting was perfect and  there were at least 2 giant buddhas that I saw.  It was a very nice touch, added to the elegance of the place.The one thing we did not like is that it's hard to talk to everyone at the table during the meal.  Loud music was busting from the night club.  If you are looking to get that intimate conversation going on, this is not a good place.  But then,  that gave us time to just enjoy our great meal.We had ordered:Spicy Tuna Tartare on Crispy RicePork Spring Roll with Thai Chili SauceBlack Pepper Sizzled Filet Mignon with Udon NoodlesPad ThaiMandarin Sizzled Fried Rice with Roast PorkCrispy Coconut ShrimpChai KissChocolate Lave for dessertI won't even try to describe each of them.  Everything on our table was oh so good.  There was nothing that we didn't like.  We also ordered cocktails and they were refreshing.  All was good good good.After dinner, we hit the club.  We liked the kind of music they were playing.  The dance floor was great.  It was packed and crowded. We just had a good time here.  This is definitely a must go restaurant/nightclub in Vegas.
4	For dinner, I am definitely a Tao fan. The food is delish, the service is top notch and decor can't be beat. The salads are a fusion of American and Japanese, I could eat one as my whole meal and be totally satisfied. The seabass is awesome, :almost: as good as the seabass skewers at Sushi Samba. And their desserts are amazing - trust me, I've pretty much tried them all. AND I love the lounge, it's perfectly designed for a pre- or post- dinner drink.
4	I have a secret. I'm a menu whisperer. As soon as I flipped the page to the entree section the miso glazed Chilean sea bass serenaded me...*I'm more than just an option... Hey hey heeeeeey... Refused to be forgotten... Hey hey heeeeeey... *When the waiter told me it's one of their more well-known dishes I was sold. Sure, they forgot about me and thought I was only eating a side of brown rice but when my sea bass came out oh boy did it find my lovin'. You can never go wrong with fattiest fish of the sea!If I were to describe the party in my mouth it would be like P. Diddy's white party in the Hamptons with loads and loads of cocaine and orgies in every room. MY KIND of party. The individual bowls of rice can definitely feed more than one person so save yourself a whopping $4 and share one with a friend. Also, when you dine here and purchase an entree you can ask for a stamp to get into the club that helps you bypass a loooooong ass line.But enough with the tips! The take home point of this review is- ORDER THE SEA BASS. You will not be disappointed!
5	If you stay at the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas, it's hard not to see all the ads for Tao. My boyfriend and I failed to get into the nightclub the night we arrived, but he wanted to give their "Spiritual Dining" a chance, so we ate dinner here the night before we left.Tao is huge. And I love their asian-themed decor. But it looks like it'd be impossible to get a seat without a reservation. They just get THAT much traffic, and we still had to wait about 10 minutes before getting our reserved table. Our server Darren was very nice and knowledgeable about the menu and specials. There were LOTS to mention. Just like Sushi Roku, we discovered that it's customary (at least in these fine dining places) to have two servers: one to take your order and check-in, and the other to bring you your food and drinks.It took us forever to order, but because it took us 5 mins. to figure out we had to close our menu to order. Lesson learned! I started off my appetizers with an Orient Express cocktail ($13) with Kahlua and Vanilla Liqueur.  My bamboo steamed vegetable dumplings (which were green!) and crunchy cucumbers (Japanese style, bitter like ginger) for $10 satisfied my grumbling stomach quite well. My main was Buddha's Harmonized Vegetable Feast for the Minor Gods, which was an entree-sized udon in sesame & black peppercorn sauce with red pepper, onions, bok choy, asparagus, and brussel sprouts to top it off ($17). A vegetarian feast indeed. The dish came in a bowl which made it less messy than it probably would have been had it come on a plate, but I wasn't expecting the amount of spice. Still, a great veggie entree (maybe the only veggie entree!).Tip: The restrooms say "Yin" and "Yang." Yin is for the women and Yang is for the men. Darren offered us a menu of "temptation" which was the right word for it. I could barely get any more food in my stomach so I wanted ice cream. And I got to choose 3 different scoops: White Chocolate & Yuzu, Cocunut, and Green Tea with almond cookies and even Pocky sticks ($8) - bonus. The thing is, I think the Yuzu (a Japanese fruit much like tangerine) was overpowering the white chocolate, or else they were two separate flavours and they brought me the wrong one. I couldn't finish the scoops anyway, because we also got two chocolate fortune cookies!The Vegas magazines say this restaurant is only a $30 meal, but we spent about double that including drinks, appetizers and dessert.Tao Restaurant is truly a religious dining experience as they say. You probably have to be the type to appreciate asian food, the 20-foot buddha fountain, and the ancient pipe display on the wall, but I'm glad I dined here on my trip - it's a restaurant like no other I've seen in any of my travels.
4	TAO is a gorgeous restaurant! Servers were very attentive. I went with my ladies and we had a feast! I do recommend reservations for dinner. Here are some of dishes we had:Chilean Sea Bass - The first few bites were delicious. The bass was like butter. After that, the sauce really sank in and became a bit overwhelmingly sweet. Crispy Tuna Sashimi Roll - PERFECTION! Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon - I wasn't too fond of this. It was too buttery for my taste. Buddha's Harmonized Vegetable Feast - we needed to eat something healthy during the night... Chef's Selection of Symphony Sweets 1) Moshi - ice cream in a gushy chewy yummy shell2) Big fortune cookie w/ ice cream and fruits - mmmm :D Right upstairs is the super packed super popular LAVO nightclub.
3	Super pretty restaurant...one of the top places to go
2	The company was much better than the food.  China Panda could give them a run for thier money.
4	My fiance' and I decided to try out Tao for our anniversary instead of our usual anniversary spot, Prime @ Bellagio.Tao has GREAT food! its a far cry from Prime. Its hip and loud inside. Not ideal for a romantic setting but highly recommended for those dining with friends. We had dinner reservations at 10pm on a Thursday night but wasn't seated til 10:45 so we hung out at the bar and had a few drinks. The place is packed! Apparently its the cool place to be for a Thursday night according to the host. The men there are very aggressive. My fiance' had to be on me so that they would stay away.After being seated, we had our food within minutes. They have great service other than the wait which is totally understandable. Everyone is very polite and eager to please. They are also attentive to your needs. Someone would go by our table every few minutes to refill drinks or to make sure everything was ok.Food is AWESOME and cheap! I had Wok Seared NY Sirloin which was yummy til I tasted fiance's Chilean Sea Bass which made me cry. Im salivating as Im typing right now reminiscing of how good it was. We are both fish eaters because he sport fishes every weekend. Fish dont really impress me til I had this sea bass. I dont know how they cooked it but it tasted like fish flavored butter. Soooo goood!!!! We had the giant fortune cookie for desert and it was awesome! It had fruits around it one of them being lychee. A fruit I havent eaten since I left Manila. Fiance' has never tasted it but loved it! It brough great nostalgic memories of my childhood. =)The restroom is confusing but theres a very polite guy who directs you where to go. Going to and fro the restroom: ladies beware. Men seem to pop out of nowhere and hit on you. Its annoying when you have to go pee really bad.A Tao employee was going around giving free wrist stamps for people that ate inside the restaurant so they can go in the club upstairs. We decided to check it out since we're already there. The club was huge but packed! Im glad we didnt have to wait 2 hours in line and pay just so we can be pushed around inside. Great scene for single people looking for a vegas hook-up.In a nutshell:Great food and serviceNot ideal for romantic dinnerGreat for people in groups (pre-game dinner)Eat at the restaurant if you want to go in the club so you can save money and not stand in  lineClub is great if youre single and looking for a hook upIf youre going there with a date its best to get bottle service so you can have a place to sit and relax
5	it was very busy on friday night, but had 9:30pm reservations and got seated right away. Cool atmosphere and nice big buddas everywhere.we had the chilean seabass and the seared raw tuna. The tuna was quality tuna and it tasted very good. The chilean seabass was the best fish I've every had... kind of pricy but  well worth it. I can't wait to go back
3	We had:- Spicy Tuna Tartare on crispy rice- Salmon sashimi with avocado, crispy onions and sweet and spicy sesame sauce- Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno and ponzu sauce- dragon tail spareribs- Steamed snapper with scallion oil and dashi-soyThe best thing of the night was the salmon sashimi, everything else was just blah. In fact, we took a bite out of the spareribs and decided not to eat it. It had a really strong sweet honey flavor that was just off-putting. Giving it a three star because the rest of the food is ok.
3	*Sigh*Maybe I shouldn't have bought into the hypeMaybe we didn't order the right thingMaybe we didn't order enough cocktailsI was pretty excited about our trip to TAO, and after waiting almost 3 weeks to get a reservation thought WOW, it must be amazing! I did so much freaking googling about this location that I could pretty much tell you everything about the restautrant without having ever been there. *Sigh*My sushi was pretty good, but for almost $20 I was kinda hoping that I would still be talking about it. The pad tai noodles seemed really dry and were missing some major flavor. Didn't try the Lo Mein, but heard it was good although it didn't look very appetizing. Kinda hoped service would make up for the food, but that too, was just ok. I felt like I had to yell to talk to anybody at the table 'cause it was a bit loud in there. Maybe that was part of the experience that is supposed to blow your mind??*Sigh*OverhypedOverpricedDissapointing
2	weak. I would say to go here only if you want to skip the line and get into Tao nightclub.To get in you'll need to order one of their entree dishes or two sushi rolls. I got some sushi that I can't remember. I think it was the angry dragon and a spicy shrimp roll with asparagus. Both were just okay. Some of my buddies got the black pepper filet mignon with udon noodles. How would I describe it? salty! It was like they poured in some soy sauce and decided to leave the bottle titled while they cook the food. That dish was dissapointing. Maybe we got some bad dishes, but gotta be more consistent than this!Service was pretty good, but the food was meh. Go here if you want entry into the club. I wouldn't recommend it otherwise.
4	Amazing sushi. The yellowtail was especially yummy. It gets a little crowded but you can get a stamp for the associated night club and not have to wait in line. They have an awesome dessert sampler complete with chocolate buddhas and huge fortune cookies.The actual fortune cookies are awesome in and of themselves. A little rated R!
2	I have one word to describe both the restaurant and club at Tao:HYPE.
5	The best Asian fusian food I've ever had. Our group had the coconut shrimp, orange chicken, pad Thai, sushi, chicken ... It was all fantastic! The service was even better. I will gladly return!
3	I'd recommend eatting at TAO before heading up to their nightclub. It will definitely get you in the mood since the vibe in their lounge carries through to the dining area.  The Asian fusion menu is tasty, but not as creative in flavor as such places as Nobu.
2	The ONLY reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because they do have pretty good sushi.  HOWEVER - the hype about this place is so overdone that the staff has a huge attitude and they do not know how to treat guests.  My husband and I went around 7:30 on a Thursday night.  We were staying at the Venetian (the hotel connected to the restaurant), made reservations for both the restaurant and the nightclub.  After waiting an HOUR we finally got a table.  The place was dark, loud, and the layout made you feel very crowded.  It was difficult to see what we were eating, let alone have a conversation.  We dropped about $400 on dinner (we were celebrating and had a bottle of Veuve).  After dinner was over, we said we had reservations for the nightclub, the entrance to the club was literally 20 feet from our table.  Well, we had to get up, go outside the club, stand in a long "special line" and then wait in another "special line" in order to pay a $20 cover to go back through the restaurant we just left, back up the stairs we just came down, in order to get in.  Pathetic.
2	Loud and overpriced. The spicy tuna tar tar was amazing, other than that the food was just OK. We ate here in hopes of checking out the club for drinks after dinner. Only to be told we would have to go out, get our id's checked then wait in line again to get in. What a waste! There are MUCH better places in Vegas!
3	Low down:Scene - 5 stars, great atmosphere and decorWait time - NA stars, can't knock them for being a popular spot...assume a 30+ min waitSushi - 3 stars - REALLY really good...but about $4 a piece. This is to date the most expensive nigiri I have ever eaten, not worth $4Other Food: 4 star - food is great, great taste and great presentationCost: 1 star - we did a family style dinner with about 1-2 drinks each and after tip came to about $100 each and I felt like I hadn't eaten much  food. The others felt the same...which basically means Bling bling for not much
2	I'll be fair in saying that it's not the worst I've had because it wasn't, but please, for a restaurant in Vegas... My friends took me here because we would get entry to the club if we ate at the restaurant - now, I'm not big on spending loads of money on food, I prefer the simple yet delicious; but I thought, hell, it's a Vegas joint so it's bound to hit the spot.I was disappointed. My friend got sushi, it was really good. My other friend got swordfish it was good. I got chicken and while it was good (you can't mess up chicken), it wasn't worth $25. For $25 I got a thigh and half a breast of chicken and... and what? That's it. Fine dining at it's best... I don't get a side of veggies or rice or tates, just chicken. Maybe I don't understand the whole realm of fine dining, but why would I pay $25 for a piece of chicken that I could definitely cook better at home and not get anything to compliment it? The decor was nice and all but honestly, it's a little too dim in their for me. Sure, it sets a mood blah blah blah, but I'm not going to be in any mood but seeing an optometrist after I have to strain my eyes looking at the menu in dusk-like light.As much as I enjoyed a piece of my friends sushi, I'm confident in saying that I will not be returning here in the near future. If I come up at the tables, I might stop by for a roll or two, but don't count on it.
5	We really enjoyed our recent visit to Tao. You really can't go wrong at this restaurant. There is something on the menu that anyone can enjoy. I am not a sushi lover but there were plenty of wonderful selections of other items. Made our reservations in advance through open table and were seated promptly at the appointed time. Our server was fantastic. Very pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu. He made drink and wine suggestions and also brought me a sample of a wine he thought I might like since they didn't carry the one I asked for. These are the items we ordered: Pan Fried Dumplings filled with Chicken Gyoza with Napa Cabbage and Soy Dipping sauce, Imperial Vegetable Egg Roll, Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Vegetables, Black Pepper Sizzled Filet Mignon with Udon Noodles, and we were graciously presented with the Giant Fortune Cookie which is filled with White and Dark Chocolate Mousse for dessert as we were celebrating an anniversary. The decor is absolutely fabulous. You feel like you are in an exotic Asian wonderland. There is a giant Buddah in the dining room with a koi pond underneath. The restaurant has a lot of energy and is noisy. It's an exciting adventure both visually and culinary to visit Tao.
5	Called a couple weeks ahead to make reservations for our party, as there were going to be several girls for my bestie's bachelorette party. I was shocked at the rudeness over the phone.  Thankfully, they more than made up for it when we were there.I took the advice of our server and passed on the Ahi for the Chilean Sea Bass.  That saying, "melts in your mouth" was true in this case.  The spices complimented the fish, and it was cooked to perfection as well.  Each bite was ecstasy.  That's really the only way to describe it.  And as embarrassing at it is, there were moments where I literally closed my eyes to fully enjoy it (and so did the other girl that ordered it!).I had a bite of someone's sushi roll as well, which was also incredible; so fresh, and uh, last time I checked, Las Vegas is pretty inland, so... wow. Someone else ordered the Miso-glazed Salmon, and raved about that as well.  Lobster wontons, probably not the best choice, opt for something different.Definitely trust what your server has to say... you can't possibly go wrong!
1	Prime Rib was way overcooked, server was especially rude and management was not much nicer.  Never going back to eat there.
4	I ate here at the bar with my sis-in-law since we were going to the club afterward. It turned out to be a great idea, not only for the convenience of being downstairs from the club, but also because the food was pretty good and the atmosphere was very fun. The decor was awesome and the layout of the bar/lounge was cool, except it gets really crowded before the club opens. Our bartender was on top of everything the entire time (except for one thing that I'll get to at the end for emphasis) and our food came at a reasonable pace. The sushi here is about average based on what we got. Some yellowtail sashimi and a special roll. Tasty, decent portions, the usual. I have loved this place ever since for two reasons: the sake menu is extensive and the kobe beef carpachio is incredible! It's the best I've ever had and I've been craving it ever since! We had a great time at the bar and had some good food for the price... it didn't seem all that expensive to me for what we got. All in all, a great start to the night. Now here's the one thing that the bartender dropped the ball on and remember this if you eat there before the club:Turns out you have to get a stamp from your server to get in upstairs. Even if you have a freakin receipt for $200 at that very place! So back to the bartender we go, then she says go to the front because she was busy I think. By then the front is getting slammed with bodies all wanting to get into the club so talking to the folks at the front was near impossible, not to mention maneuvering through the masses. So FINALLY after badgering the people at the front, and some nifty work by my sister getting in with another crowd already lined up for the stamp guy, we got em and were good to go. That's a whole 'lotta nonsense for a stamp I know and just remember to get yours when you pay for your meal. Lucky I didn't give 'em three stars for that cluster f#@$!
4	Wonderful food in a relaxed friendly area
4	After our show, the missus and I decided to check out Tao.We went off recommendations of other Yelpers for our dining choices.  I tried the Chilean sea bass, while the missus had the Wasabi encrusted steak.  The fish was very sweet, but pleasant and flavorful.  The meat was smoky and rich.The preparation was excellent, but for the prices, I would have preferred larger portions.  It's very much a "presentation" meal, meaning that it's very pretty to look at, but that factor is likely factored in the overall meal cost.  The veggies were good as well, however.The other factor of the restaurant is the restrooms.  "What", you say?  Hear me out.  They are not listed "Men" and "Women".  They are listed "Yin" and "Yang".  I stood there, having no idea what the Hell to do, until deductive logic forced me to go in the door next to the statue without breasts on it.  Considering the lack of women inside and resulting screams, I chose wisely.  (The correct door for us is "Yang", gentlemen.  And you're welcome.)  Seriously, I'm all for going against convention, but practical applications for practical purposes.The inside is very nice, and gives a great ambiance. The servers were always ready to to proved respectable service, and the food was tasty, if a little smaller than my likings.  But not a bad experience overall.
2	So disappointed in this place! I've been going to Vegas for some time now and I've always wanted to try this place. We sat at the sushi bar area since there was a wait. Our waiter was nice and attentive. We ordered pot stickers, not a bad choice. Then we got Kung Pao Chicken and Coconut Shrimp. Eh, the chicken was bad and I did not enjoy that dish at all. The shrimp was dry but it had a good flavor. They were big shrimp too.The drinks were amazing but I went for the food. At the end of dinner we got a pass stamp for Tao Night Club. We didn't go.  Honestly, if I had to chose between Tao and PF Changs, PF would win.
2	Other reviews are pretty accurate.   We had a 9pm reservation and were seated at around 9:45.   Service was very slow and we were there for about 3 hours (mind you this was Asian fusion and not a 7-course french tasting menu).   Our waiter left out parts of our order (the sides), but this was rectified in a fairly timely manner.   Appetizers and sushi were the highlights of the meal.   We went to the nightclub after dinner (you can ask for a stamp during dinner that will then waive your cover,  but they do make you go downstairs and wait in a line in order to get in to the club ... you can't just enter from the dining  area, although this would be physically possible ).   Food and service are average, likely busy due to the hype and that it is currently trendy.   Not sure how this place will do long term.    It was fine, but it is unlikely that I would return on future trips to Vegas.
5	I am IN LOVE with this place! The service was superb, the food was amazing, my overall experience was just the best ever! Their food is so delicious and their teas are yummy as well. I love the atmosphere and everything... a must go!
5	Tried this place with a few of friends while in Vegas;  The best part about the restaurant is the decoration and setup.  One of the nicest setups I have seen.  Overall lighting and decorations adds a lot to the ambiance.  Slightly darker than I would prefer.  We tried a few of the sushi rolls, well done and prepared; quality of product was outstanding;  None of the sushi rolls were extremely special comparing to what I have had at different sushi places.  You can probably get the same sushi quality at some lower restaurant, it was priced reasonably for the locations and restaurant, so no complaints.I did try their $88 grilled Kobe Ribeye with Yuzu Cilantro butter; It was a very nice piece of meat, great flavors and no need to chew on, the meat will just fall apart;  I think it is worth around 65, but it was worth the experience, and I will try it again.We had an amazing service for having a lot of people at the table; We all had a great time and no complaints at the end of our dinner, I will recommend the place, overall was a good experience.
4	We celebrated at the restaurant for my birthday.  The food our party ordered was absolutely delicious.  Granted, I was a tad bit wasted by then.. But I remember thinking how great everything tasted.  I ordered the lobster kimchi fried rice, others ordered the sea bass, filet mignon noodles, and I forgot the rest.  In any case, I tasted all the dishes and have nothing negative to say.  At the end, the waiter brought me a giant fortune cookie which was scrumptious!  We had made reservations, but ended up waiting way too long.  Besides the wait, I highly recommend Tao.  Great Asian food and awesome ambiance.
3	Went to TAO in Las Vegas for a Bachelorette Party. We had reservations set, yet waited an HOUR to be seated. None of the reception area checked on us or anything, the only attention was from "security" guys managing flow by the door, telling us to get out of the way. I know it may have been extra busy since Kim K was celebrating her b-day there, but we had booked long before that became public and no matter what goes on you should be able to manage your customers just the same. It was a bit of a mood killer among my group since we felt in the way and not welcomed....Not to mention waiting so long took the wind out of our sails for the evening.One redeeming thing is that they brought over some complimentary shots and appetizers to munch on, since we were all starved after our wait.The food was what to be expected, tasty but not worth the crowds and the hassle. The restaurant was not worth the wait.
3	I came here for a convention's welcome reception.  Their food is great and their drink is absolutely amazing; however, the service is extremely slow.  I had their burger slider and their vegetable egg roll, which was delicious.  I wish I had more of those.  The drink I ordered was Sex on the beach, which is the best I ever had.  If you're at Vegas, this is one of the night club that you gotta check out (not the restaurant, over priced)
4	Had a great experience here. Luckily, i had checked yelp prior to coming so I prepared myself and my party to wait about 45 minutes prior to being sat, regardless of our reservation. I would guess the reason for that is to encourage bar patronage, which is awesome because without it I wouldn't have discovered the blushing geisha..holy top 5 best drinks I've ever had. Bartenders are particularly unfriendly but it's forgivable as I'm not a 7 star high roller that'll tip then $100 to stare at their boobs all night. On to the meal, the ENTIRE staff was a dream. Our servers was awesome and friendly without being fake. Our busser was sweet as well and on top of his game. Unfortunately a glass broke next to us and the manger all but RAN over to make sure we were all a-ok. On the the food, while delicious, the portions are VERY small. Hence, my 4 star review.
3	Asian fusion at the Venetian.  Prices are your typical Vegas on-the-strip prices, which means they are overpriced.  The entrees themselves are well prepared, but the atmosphere oozes of pretension.  P.S.  What's with the creepy baby statues strung along the wall where the hostess checks in people?
3	Food: 6/10 lobster wonton - not bad. The sea bass was decent and the filet mignon was pretty damn good. the presentation of dishes needs to be more detail oriented and creative. Sake: 10/10 great sake! one of the best collections i've experienced outside of japanService: 6/10 slow service. nonetheless friendly staff. Atmosphere: 8/10 a lot of buzz ... cool decor. Very underwhelmed on the whole as I had high expectations. One of the places I would recommend going to in vegas. un abrazo ;)
3	The food 4 years ago I remember being better than this time.  I keep asking myself why do I get sushi in the middle of the desert??  The rolls are very mediocre.  Good cucumber drink and the molten lava dessert is yummy!  We found a seat at the sushi bar in the back by chance around 8:30 and ended up getting a stamp to get into the club later so we didn't have to wait in line.
2	This place is all hype and over-presentation. There are plenty of restaurants in Vegas that serve similar cuisine. If you do your homework there are great finds off the strip. Give me the bread-and-butter chinese and sushi place at the MGM. No hype. No rude people up front handing you a buzzer with a light because "I'm sorry. They're still eating at your table." I see, I made a reservation for a certain table. Hhmmmm. Pass.
5	Some of you people are ridiculous.  Let me point out a couple of things-I saw someone who gave this restaurant 2 stars say that, "I've never eating here, but I'm reviewing their service."  Then don't even bother posting your review- save us the time and save Yelp's bandwidth.And to people complaining about the loud music.Why, did you bring your family there to celebrate your granddaughter's baptism?  Nice, real nice.Oh, and stop comparing Asian restaurants to Panda Express- it's getting old.First off, you can obviously tell that I love this place.  Let me tell you why.Even during the first time I ate at Tao, I didn't expect it to be a quaint and gentle dinner made by a world-renowned chef.  Tao's advertisements have a naked woman with "Always a happy ending" tatooed to her back in Chinese.  Seriously, what did you expect?  If you think that kind of lewd advertisement says, "Bob and Daisy's Kosher Garden Cafe," I'll fly myself to your city to slap you.I came there and got what I expected and a bit more.  Stunning interior design by a NY firm whose design philosophy is heavily based on catering to the audience.  From the dramatic lighting, the 2-story buddha, and the naked girls in the bathtubs at the tunnel entrance- if you think you can take your grandma on her tennis-ball walker to this restaurant, you deserve a second slap.As far as the food goes, it was fine.  Yes, I could've gotten better food at an off-strip restaurant, but was I there mainly to have the ultimate epicurean experience?  Absolutely not, I was there to eat, enjoy the energy of the restaurant and most importantly, to have fun with my friends.What, you're gonna give a restaurant who serves amazing food 5 stars even when the food is served on paper plates and they're located in a rat-infested hole in the wall with horrible servers?  Don't be ridiculous.As far as the service goes, I'll admit- it's not flawless.  They do know a lot about the menu and about Japanese and pan-Asian cuisine, and they're quite attentive.  But the hostesses could be a bit more polite.  You know why they're ticked off by the end of the night?Imagine yourself as a tall blonde girl with 32C's, getting drunk calls at all hours of the night, getting hit on and gropped by the occasional stranger.. and hassled by the idiot who decided to bring their 3 year old child and needs a baby seat.Of course, this is no excuse for the management to hire more enduring hostesses, but they don't care.  The money is coming, and they still remain as one of the most highest earning on the strip in terms of annual revenue.Anyways, you've heard it all.  I love this place because it's a place I can enjoy inexpensive food (seriously, $12 pad thai isn't that much on the Vegas strip), amazing interior, decent service, with people I know who can enjoy it with me.You want amazing food, go to Joel Robuchon.  But be prepared- I don't think Joel himself will come out to thank your granddaughter for eating at his place on her baptism day since obviously, that's what you expect of Tao.
5	The Chilean sea bass puts Tao over the edge to five stars. If you don't consider eating animals to be genocide, try it! Great hospitality, lots of energy, and even a koi pond of by-now-deaf koi. Very impressed with the bartending, especially the virgin cocktails and the lychee martini.
2	Seeing that we were in Vegas to celebrate my friend's bachelorette party, and that we had been having such a great time with every place we'd eaten at, we thought the trend would continue. Yes, its annoying to have a table of 5 girls that want to share. However, had our server known that our bar tab alone would have made up for whatever entrees a normal table would have ordered, I think he would have been nicer.As soon as the words "we'll be splitting" came out, the server rolls his eyes and takes our orders. It was a good 20 minutes before he came back, brought our food in the wrong order, and proceeding to ignore us again. We watched as he visited every table around us, including one with 4 girls who each ate 1 dish and drank water (aka... prob not going to be getting a big check). It got to the point where we asked one of the bussers to see if they could get us another drink.Food was okay  - got the sea bass and lo mein noodles. Would have tasted better if the service was better... But, perhaps it was a bad night. Regardless... here's my 2 stars
5	amazing food, good drinks, great service, beautiful setting
4	I've eaten there three times and never been disappointed.  The prices aren't cheap but you pay for quality.  The scene is impressive.  They actually have people come in everyday before they open with ladders to set up.  I'm not usually into eating fish but the sea bass was amazing.  It has no bones and just melts in your mouth.  Also loved the pad tai.  I enjoy getting either cold or hot saki with my meals there.
3	I give this place 3 starsWhat is 5 star here:-Lobster wontons are AMAZING!!! Like really mindblowing! This dish comes steaming in a balanced and flavorful shitake mushroom sauce. The wonton texture is perfectly cooked! A total standout dish!-Ambience and service- Servers explain what is popular at the restaurant using soft statistics like "this dish is ordered 10 to 1 over others", etc. Our water glasses were always  filled and our tables cleared as soon as we finished. The place is hip with fresh rose petals in stone tubs and glass bowls and illuminated candles everywhere,-Drinks! The taotini is great for chicks! The club makes a stinkin good cosmo too and for the normal club price of $13.- Other - i have no opinion since i don't eat fish, but my hubby liked the chilean sea bass. 1 Star Quality:- The chicken sausage fried rice: it was SO SALTY!! I would have preferred fried rice from Panda Express over this lemon of a dish.  I had to choke it down with lots of water. With all the good reviews on this dish i hope what i had was just a fluke "lemon". The rice was soggy! And i picked out all the sausages to decrease the saltiness but that didn't help much. All i could think about was "I spent $18 on THIS???" Definitely not a fan of the prices particularly  because the food didn't blow my expectations to mars - I mean, an $18 Lobster wonton dish was awesome but only 5 pieces? My mom could cook that dish and charge $8 if she served it in a restaurant. And a salty fried rice also $18 is NOT how expensive chinese food should go for...
4	Loud, dark, crowded.Chilean sea bass was so YUM. Sashimi with the wasabi relish, YUM! Went with a group 12 and they served family style with one check. Food came fast and furious, wait staff was helpful. A great experience, encouraged my husband and I to sit really close so we could try to carry on a conversation.(Sidenote about the club: As expected, 20-something females with low self-esteem and hot bods looking for attention whilst laying nearly naked in a pool of rose petals or sprawled suggestively on a velvet couch. Oh, and several errant crotch-grabbers.)
4	I've been going to Tao for a long time.  It's a great place to experience Vegas dining, it is comfortable, trendy and fun.  The food is surpringly good for trendy Asian fusion restaurant.  They are usually very busy, it's hard to get a table sometimes.  The bar dining is not bad at all @Tao, there are sofa seats in the bar area that are actually more comfortable than tables in the dining room.  If you are looking for trendy/fun place to eat and drink in Vegas, you won't be disappointed @Tao.
5	Did I pay $22 for kimchi fried rice? Yes. Would I do it again? Heck Yes. Absolutely delicious! Hubby liked his steak, the drinks were tasty and the desserts were yummy. We'll go back
4	Of course this place is very fancy and very expensive but the food is amazing with a capital A. The lobster wantons were especially good as was the rice pudding with ginger icecream desert. I'm pretty sure everything on the menu is great. The waiter tried to upsell us on everything so we ended up paying for a bottle of Voss water but oh well. I knew it going in but this place is Dark and Loud! So if you're looking for a quiet meal this place is not for you.
4	I went to Tao for early dinner in September and loved it.  I have always wanted to see the big Buddha.  We made reservations and went early, so it wasn't crowded at all and we got great seats.  Loved the atmosphere and the decor.Our waiter was professional and fast.  All the dishes we ordered were extremely good.  It is Asian fusion food, but as a Japanese person, was pretty impressed.  Would go back here when I have the chance!It is on the pricey side though, hence the 4 stars :)
4	Where to begin... birthday dinner treat from the best friend. And what a treat it really was! Started off with a mix of shrimp and vegetable tempura, moved on to chicken pad Thai and this delicious prawn shrimps encrusted with coconut breading. Sipped on their specialty martini. Sweet and yummy! And their delicious hot green peach tea! For dessert the giant fortune cookie was beautiful... a giant fortune cookie dipped with white and milk chocolate with fresh fruits (berries, lychee, banana, etc). Once u run out of chocolate and fruits, the cookie alone is kinda blahh. But I loved it, I mean atmosphere and service alone won me over.
1	Wow....This place is WAYYYYY overrated! This is coming from a Chinese San Franciscan who has had her fair share of real Chinese food and the attempted crappy Asian fusion foods.So a few friends and I made reservations two days in advance and this is how it works; if reservations are made they call us the day of to make sure we are still coming. I thought, okay they wanna make sure so when we come by they have a table ready for us....how spiffy. Was I wrong! We all got there 5 minutes before our expected arrival hoping to get some food and then head to the club upstairs. To my surprised, we get a pager and we are told to wait until a table is ready in ten to fifteen minutes. WTF?!! We confirmed earlier that we will be there and we come early and we STILL had to wait?!?!? Mind you that we have not eaten and we are all starving so, we were pretty frustrated....and after fifteen minutes....no pager action so we head to the front and ask when we will be seated. The host looked flustered and told someone to lead us to the table. Wow such "wonderful" service and it doesn't end there.When we finally got seated (also I was looking around when we were taken to our seats....there were plenty of open tables), I looked through the menu and decided what to order in like 5 minutes. I kept a timer near by me because I saw how much the waiter was passing us and it took them 20 minutes from handing out our menus to actually take our orders down. When we finally got our food, the only good thing about it was probably the plate it was on. I ordered the Thai roasted chicken. When I ate my first piece of it, I realized that the chicken was dry....not the way I like my chicken to be cooked. In addition, The chicken was coated with a ton of very sweet sauce. I tried using the sauce to moisten the chicken up but the sauce did not complement the chicken. I was very disappointed with that. I even a bite from my boyfriends food...Meh it was alright.My overall review for this place, we came in at 9 and didn't leave until 11 due to waiting for service to come by. I think we spent probably a good 75% of the time just waiting. So what do i say about the service, that IT SUCKS! The food was not worth the taste or the price. I wasn't very pleased with the place and will not be returning to the restaurant to eat ever again.
5	Josh Gannis and I thought that the lobster pad thai special was outstanding!
4	4.5 stars!We're from the East coast and have been searching all over Vegas for East coast style peking duck (with pancakes), so we checked out Tao.We had to wait 1/2 hr past our reservation time...Lobster Wontons  - very goodSea Bass - awesome! melts in your mouthPeking Duck - good, but not worth $70 (hoisen had to much vinegar and the quantity of meat was small)Fortune Cookie dessert - good, very uniqueThe highlight is the sea bass and I would order that again.
4	It was a crowded night when we went for dinner around 8ish. We got seated at the sushi bar and our waiter was with us right away. Food: arrived on a timely manner.Sashimi special that was expensive- salty 9 piece with 3 different kinds of fish. The fishes had way too much salt on them! It did seem like a very good quality though.Some sort of crab roll?- goodWasabi crusted filet mignon with tempura onion rings- nice and tender with lotsa flavor.Price is kind of expensive, but good quality food. We also ordered 1 drink each. After all it is vegas. Save up a lot of money so you can splurge!
4	Was at private table for 13.  Food was good not amazing but good.  Salmon was very good.  Deserts average.  Very loud very busy. Not a place for a quiet romantic meal.  But worth a trip if you like the Asian fusion thing
4	my friends and i were doing it big in Vegas for a friends' 40th birthday and chose here for the celebratory dinner.  we had a 10pm reservation but had to wait AN HOUR to be seated as it was *a busy Friday night*.  come on it's always a busy night in Vegas!  once seated we were greeted with such a sweetheart of a server all was well again.  Taojitos and Taotinis flowed while waiting for our entrees.the orange chicken was good, nothing over the top.  the coconut prawns  were huge and well worth the wait.  chicken with veggies and jasmine rice weren't anything to brag about either.  $50+ per girl was expected in the Venetian, but in the real world nothing was spectacular about the meal.  they did bring out a giant fortune cookie filled with pastry cream and topped with fresh fruit and chocolate drizzle for the bday girl, a definite added plus to make good on the hour wait.as a bonus you get in free to the club for dining first, but make sure to get the *line pass* stamp before leaving your table!!!
4	This place was pretty good! I was expecting the service to be horrible and was pleasantly surprised. They even made me a birthday dessert for my 14th birthday! yay!
5	I've been to both Tao Las Vegas and Tao NYC.  Same experience: beautiful swanky ambiance paired with great food!Being buddhist, I kind of have a problem with Buddha as decorations, but in some way, I like it.    Tao is beautifully decorated, but a huge buddha in the main dining room.  We were seated immediately, but they want all of your party to be there to be seated.  My family loved this restaurant, all of their dishes were delicious.  The miso chilean seabass and lobster dishes were fantastic.It's expensive asian good, but they're of great quality.  I love TAO and would always go back when I'm in LV.
3	The entrance to this place starts off with a row of concrete filled bath tubs on both sides of you and the thematic color is black. You enter into a large open dark area with lounge style seating. We got a nice private room that overlooked into the rest of the dining area. We had about 15 people in our party and spent over $1000 including tax and tip. So this was an expensive restaurant nonetheless. It was a different twist on modern i would say. I ordered the appetizer butter fish which was skewered on wood and came with virtually uncooked and earthy tasting fresh asparagus. The butterfish was cooked just right with the perfect sweet fish flavor. The sweet glaze on the butterfish was delish as well. I ordered a bowl of brown rice which they charged $5 for. I think they pride themselves in the presentations of their dishes. Their bathrooms are quite unique as you walk into the hallway and see these boy pictures and think taht you are going into a male bathroom and then you find two doors with each with a similar statue next to them, but no inscription as to which is male or female. Talk about Russian Rulet. I won't spoil it. I ended up waiting for someone to come out of one of them before i chose the right bathroom.
4	I've been to Tao many times, but never actually sat down for dinner until I went to Vegas last weekend. I got to say, I was very impressed. I went on a Sunday (holiday weekend) and the wait was about 30 minutes. We had a drink in the lounge area so it wasn't bad. The music and ambiance were perfect. Once we were seated, we had nothing but GREAT service. Our server was extremely friendly and knowledgeable and our food came out super fast. We ordered the lobster wontons, the trio of sashimi with wasabi salsa (I'm not a big fan of wasabi, but this was sooo good!), sea bass with asparagus, and the chef's roll. Everything we ordered was delicious, however the chef's roll was okay.Again, the servers there were great. It was a team effort. If another server saw that we had a question or had finished our plates, he/she would come right away. Anyway, if you're looking for a restaurant that has great food plus a fun and fresh atmosphere, Tao is perfect. P.S - I took off one star because this place is a little pricey and the portions are a bit small too.
3	Truly just OK.I was here with two girlfriends and we came for dinner before hitting the nightclub. We had a reservation but had to sit at the bar for over 20 minutes before we were seated. The place was super loud (people and music) and when we were seated, we were barely an arms-length away from the next table over. Our server(s) - we had a few rotating in/out (maybe it was the switch over time?) - were pleasant but seemed rushed and stressed throughout the meal. The food was mediocre and arrived overly quickly... We definitely felt rushed. We each had something different - variety of fish, meat and chicken - but each dish was overly salty and oily. The portions were fine but lacking flare and flavor. I also didn't like how we "had" to order main dishes in order to be able to access the nightclub. I was much more interested in ordering two appetizers but my evening plans got in the way!The cocktails were fun and the wine list impressive. The bar at the front of the restaurant has a great atmosphere - I'd come back for drinks anytime.  I'd probably also come back for dinner because, after all, it's Vegas and you're here to have some fun in loud and busy places! p.s. In case you didn't know: the entrance to the restaurant has bath tubs which have both rose petals and barely clothed women soaking in them! It's a surprise and a unique experience!
5	With all the hype I though we were just paying for the ambiance at Tao but the flavors were bold and delicious! We made reservations and we had no problems getting in on a friday night (even with reservations some end up waiting)  Half of us went towards the towards the Noodle dishes the other half got rolls. Personally I don't think its worth getting rolls The Lo Mien was bad ass the Pad Thai was unlike any other i have tried we loved it.  We had the Sweet potato tempura as the appetizer it was nice. The drinks however were not. the Tao-tini (I had to go there wanted something lighter) was just bad another person in our party got the lemon grass something and he didn't like that much either. The prices are so fair its ridiculous. Noodles ranging from 14-20 dollars. The Desert was sexy we got a big fortune cookie stuffed with Chocolate cream on one side and vanilla cream on the other It was hot. The best part is we got comp admission to tao night club and didn't even have to wait in line and honestly admission alone would have been the price of our tab. Tao is defiantly a Must!
3	Tao restaurant is like PF Chang's with tighter skirts, louder music and higher prices. (In case you didn't pick up on it - I didn't use PF Chang's as a positive reference). I went with the fixed price menu and had the salmon which was okay. Definitely had better for half the price. I did REALLY like their filet mignon. We subbed out the wasabi that it comes with but it was a damn good filet mignon. I know Tao nightclub is upstairs but DAMN it was loud in the restaurant and I'm one of those people who always tell others to relax when they say a place is too loud. It really was way too loud. Fixed price menu is $55. Honestly, it was only worth it so we could get stamped to get into the nightclub.
5	AMAZING food, service and setting. Loved it. Will definitely go back.  Get a reservation though - it gets VERY busy on a weekend.
3	We,ll my first time here wasn't so great. Aside from the food being pretty good. And the decor being super nice. The waiter was just being a dick to me and my gf at the time. Prices were a bit steep as well. Mind you this was a few years ago. So a couple of weekends ago, thought I'd give Tao restaurant one more shot. To my surprise I was pleased. Made reservations about 1045 pm. Arrived around 1030 pm. Waited no more then 20 mins, which wasn't bad. Seated upstairs overlooking most of the restaurant which was pretty bitchin. Nice and dim lighting, Asian writing on the ceilings. Music I gotta say was a bit loud. To the point where I had to yell my order out to the waiter. But nothing too bad. Had the filet mignon and noodles. Which was good. Brother had the sausage egg and noodles. Which to me sounds like a breakfast but he enjoyed it. My friend had the orange chicken. Which was very similar to panda express, no joke. Had some drinks and a bottle of cold sake. Yeah with tip and all. Still manage to keep the bill under $200. Which I have to say is damn good. Because at the end of our meal, we all got stamps to the club, with very little wait. All in all not bad. I might make another round here if I'm ever in Vegas. Only pet peeve the individual sushi prices were outrageous. Lol.
4	I'm a very big fan of the food and I like the nightclub as well. I'm a fan of the different rooms and the DJ's have all been pretty great. My only complaint is that it can get crowded. When I think of nightclubs that I want to go back to whenever i'm in Vegas, this is usually the first that pops into my mind.
4	Like: -Reservation process was easy and when we wanted to change time, they were really flexible (but it was a Tuesday night)-Our waiter was nice and professional. He suggested a lobster wonton appetizer that we really liked. -I like people watching so the atmosphere was great for me.-The bathtubs lining along the entrance are pretty cool. I'd totally have my dinner in there if they let me.Didn't like so much:-Umm....there's a bathroom lady/attendant. I always think it's unnecessary to have someone handing me a towel after washing my hands. I didn't bring my purse in there so I had no money to put in the tip jar, which made the whole thing quite uncomfortable.-The decor was a little too "fusion", like they try to do everything Asian but don't do anything that well. I expected a bit more from such a fancy place. We enjoyed our time here but probably won't come back because it wasn't impressive enough, and strong impression is what people expect in Vegas.
5	Their food was soooo good! We had a lot of people with us for dinner, so we ordered tons on the menu, and I do not have one complaint about anything I ate. The inside of the restaurant is absolutely gorgeous, and the place settings are even awesome. You will really enjoy this food, the ambiance, and the service!!!
4	Friend took me here for dinner on sunday night... Started with sake tasting.. delicious, it was on the sweeter side. Our waiter was great and very upbeat.Had a few different rolls and different sashimi, the uni was delicious. The sea bass appetizer was pretty good also. First time here for dinner, next time def coming back for the other asian dishes.
5	Everything Asian me and my husband eat is compared to here. The dumplings so fresh and flavorful and tender and OH GOD! Just so good. I order the salmon, love salmon. It was so tender I barely touched it with my fork and it was almost creamy in texture to eat. The drink were good to not overly heavy but not watered down either, some creative options as you would expect on the strip. I can't even remember what he ordered because I was so focused on my dish. We ordered the dumplings twice because they were just that good.
3	Third time at Tao. 6 years ago, it was fantastic. Now, it is over-hyped. Expect to spend some time waiting for your table, surrounded by giant bachelor and bachelorette parties, convention groups, etc. I'd say it's a great place to see and be seen, but not really...it's more of a place to gawk at the bad choices people made before leaving their hotel rooms. "Oh no, she did NOT just wear that sweater as a dress. Oh no, this guy does NOT have a moustache minus the irony..." You get the idea.Still, it's certainly over the top and will wow newbies to Vegas. And if you are as much about getting your drink on as getting your eat on, this is the perfect choice. However, if you are focused on the finery of your food, you will probably be disappointed by the excessive use of salt in everything that drowns out flavors and creates one TAO taste.Bottom line: know what you are getting into. If you do, you may love it!
3	The front desk kept us waiting over a half hour past our reservation and treated us like we were one of the "not cool enough" people at the nightclub next door (who they clearly put in front of our reservation). The waiter was fantastic and the food was excellent. It's too bad the front desk was so rude. It could have been a great meal but I won't go back.
4	Was surprised this was rated only 3.5 stars on Yelp.  Had a great dinner last night.  Ambience and service were great, and food was very good!  Fun specialty cocktail menu and diverse wine list.  Best Asian bistro I've ever been to, and highly recommended.
2	I thought it was over-hyped for what  I spent and received service wise. I was overall very disappointed. i went there to celebrate my BF's birthday and told the hostess it was his birthday, then told the waitress, and even told the water guy....and my BF still DID NOT receive the birthday dessert. :( I ordered sweet potato tempura and a king crab California roll and could not believe how dry the rice was. I get a better California roll at my local place back home for a quarter of the price. When we finished eating, it took them 30 mins to bring us the check!? I was so annoyed at this point. I always tip, but in this instance i did not. I did explain on the receipt why I didn't tip too. For how much hype this place gets I am sad to say I was not impressed.
4	Tried this place for my friend's birthday. Everything in vegas is super expensive and this is no exception but the food is really good. I got the steamed chicken dumplings as a starter and they were super yummy. My entree was the seared rare ahi tuna which was tasty as well. It had some steamed greens on the side which were really good. This place is classic vegas - really loud clubby music, lots of people dressed to the nines. I never understood the concept of loud music in restaurants, not condusive for normal conversation or hearing your waiter. Overall I would definitely eat here again...minus some girls in my party that didn't pay their entire part of the tab! I hate people that do that!
4	7:30pm reservation.  Arrived on-time and seated promptly.  The place was already packed and there was a good vibe.  Not too loud, not too quiet.  Our waitress was very friendly, responsive, and timely.Drinks- Tao-tini..  They were good.  Smooth and wound up putting back quite a few through the dinner.  Didn't really feel the effects so I'm thinking the "smoothness" was perhaps just a lack of alcohol.There was a chef's tasting menu being offered this night for an unbelievable $55.  Super cheap.  Both the gf and I went with this option.  First course- spicy tuna tartare over crispy rice.  Yum.  She went with the thai stuffed shrimp.  Again yum.Second course-  Fried vegetable rice.. eh ok.  She went with the roasted peppers.  Neither of us enjoyed as they were extremely bitter and wound up each only taking two bites.Third course-  Wasabi crusted filet with tempura onion rings.  Two others at the table also ordered this and theirs was cooked perfect medium.  Unfortunately I ordered the same temperature and was brought a completely rare piece of meat.  After taking the piece back to the kitchen, it returned 5 minutes later completely charred on the outside yet still very much rare on the inside.  I'm not one to send a piece of steak back twice, so I just left it alone.  I finished the 1/2 of my gf's perfectly cooked filet.Fourth course-  Chocolate spring rolls and a citrus dipping sauce.  Very good and very rich.  Juniper apple blossom with vanilla ice cream.  Nothing special, but good none the less.If we didn't get such a great deal with the tasting menu, I know my review would be completely different based on my filet mignon not being cooked to order two times, and eventually just giving up on that course.  With that aside, I did enjoy myself and the majority of the meal was very good.... btw... if you order a coffee with Bailey's, it is brought out in a mug large enough to wash your hands.
4	I love fusion food so this restaurant was perfect for my taste buds. Ambiance was modern, romantic, and dim. Food was great. I ordered the lobster with potatoes(about $40) and my husband got the preset meal for $50. With his meal he got the spicy tuna sushi(pretty good, rice was lightly burnt at the bottom), egg plant dish(sweet and juicy), and fillet Mignon(decent) and it also came with variety scoops of ice cream(flavors:  green tea, passion fruit, and ginger) for dessert. The ice cream flavors were delicious and unique.   My lobster dish was great.  Full of Asians flavors, just how I like it. Our waitress was attentive and polite. Overall, I would definitely come back during my next visit to Vegas.
4	Delicious!!!First time at TAO and it was great! It was a 20min wait w/o reservation, which wasn't that bad if you are starving. Anyway, had a drink at the bar and chilled until we were called....For App--thai crab cakes w/ mango chili sauce--AMAZING!Entree--Kun Pao Chicken w/ white rice....tasty!  I really enjoyed the food and the service was great! One of the waiters stamped our hand for the LAVO niteclub...a pity we never made it there lol.Next time I'm in town, I will be stopping by...yep yep!
3	Came for dinner at Tao hoping it would be similar to the NYC location. Vegas was better in terms of service: arrived on time for our reservation and seated immediately and the servers were friendly, efficient, and extremely attentive. The atmosphere and decor is interesting and fun, and plenty of big tables for large groups. On the other hand, Tao Las Vegas is not so good with the food. Same menu and in fact, we ordered several of the same dishes(salmon nigiri, peking duck spring rolls, chilean sea bass, black pepper filet mignon with udon) but they just didn't taste fresh and as the hubby says "it tastes very Vegas" (translation: food made for the masses). It's a fun place for the ambiance but if you are there for the cuisine, there are too many other great places in Vegas to try. I will save my next visit to Tao for my next trip to NYC.
2	WARNING!We sat right by the Bar/Kitchen. First of all, tables should not be put where you can be knocked in the head by a box/carton of anything. We could see straight into the bar-tending Pick-up area. I looked up and saw 3 glasses of red drinks. A waitress took one straw, swirled the drink, put the straw IN HER MOUTH and TASTED IT, did not change the straw, and TOOK IT OUT TO SERVE!!! Hello Disease!Now for the real review - 8:40pm 4/10/11Showed up early on a Mon night for 9:15pm reservation, hostess said we were not on the list, very unprofessional. Was told to wait on the non-reservation line. Terrible. 9:40pm 4/10/11Staff: Our Waiter was great, attentive but not overbearingFood:     Appetizers: DELICIOUS               Thai Crab Cakes with mango chili sauce - HOLY COW THIS WAS EXCELLENT! It may be REAL crabmeat!               Pork Potstickers with a chili sesame glaze - Pretty Darn Good!               Peking Duck Spring Roll with hoisin sauce - Not as good as the traditional Peking Duck Bun but it was pretty fun in a spring roll presentation.      Entrees: Eh               Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon with tempura of onion rings                - It was not crusted... the (yummy) "crust" was a tiny bit on TOP of the Filet Mignon. The onion rings were terrible. Battered with no spices. The steak was cooked perfectly but a bit on the salty side.                Tao Shabu Shabu kobe beef cooked in a ginger scallion broth with wasabi dipping sauce                - The 1 oz ($17) of Kobe Beef was 2-3 THIN slices of beef (2in x 1in). Broth tasted like soy. The sauce was all soy tasting too.
4	Excellent pre-show prix fixe menu, wasabi encrusted filet mignon was worth the whole $38 price just by itself, and there are three more courses. Chocolate spring rolls for dessert -- amazing flavors.  This is both a club and a restaurant, so be prepared to dine to a DJ in a somewhat frenetic environment.  Tao has beautiful prize-winning decor, from the row of tubs filled with rose petals in the vestibule (where I understand scantily-clad women welcome in the later hours) to the wall of antique opium pipes and massive Buddha serenely presiding over all.  There was a line waiting when we exited, no surprise.
4	I was there on St. Patricks Day. Ambiance is really cool with a giant buddha. Dinner was really good, they had kimchee fried rice, which was absolutely delicious and had a giant fortune cookie for dessert. and my fortune said "do it in public". hillarious. but the club part was really crowded, couldn't barely move. gzillion guys to girls.Definitely too crowded.
5	Every single time I go to Vegas, I go to Tao. I love their food & drinks. They are awesome! I love this place! Tao is my Favorite Restaurant in Vegas!
5	Fantastic food and good (albeit not speedy) service. The waiter was very friendly and happy to make recommendations. They were very accommodating of my dietary needs (vegan) and I ended up getting the kung pao chicken with tofu instead of chicken. They also allowed me to substitute brown rice. The place is absolutely gorgeous...worth the money!!
4	I could say nothing wrong about this place. Cool and zen atmosphere and great food.
3	My friend and I stayed at the Venetian hotel apr 3/4 - easy elevator trip to Tao.  We took an early reservation at 5:30 to get to  7:30 show.  The visual/decor of the restaurant is stunning, low lights, asian-pacific, tasteful and romantic.  Not many folks there at 5:30 which was fine.  The food in general was good, and the service was excellent.  I had a tequila and cucumber cocktail that was fabulous.  My soy-ginger salmon was heavenly!  The one disappointment was when my friend ordered the kobe beef skewer with shitaki mushrooms.  (She had never had kobe beef before, and not knowing better she ate a portion of it, along with the mushrooms- and remarked that it was "good").  I tried it and found it flavorful but chewy - something that kobe beef should never  be.  By the time we were able to point this out to the server, it was time for us to leave for our show and there was no time to order something else. No adjustment on the tab, either!  Lesson:  Don't order kobe beef unless you know the restaurant knows "kobe" beef.
4	The exceptional service we had from our server, was one of the two reasons why my experience here was unforgettable.  The second was how great the food was.  From when we sat down to the very end of our meal, our server made sure our food was promptly served, and our drinks never ran out.  Service just isn't the same as before, but he definitely gave us a preview of how it used to be.The food was spectacular from the sushi, to fried rice, pot stickers and special sauce, the salad, and I forgot the other food we had.  1.)  I was impressed with the sushi and could have had more if my tummy could hold it.  2.)  The salad is not something I've had before and that's what stuck to my mind after everything.  The dressing had a sweet and sour taste to it.  The sweet ginger gave it the zing it had.  3.)  Fried rice was good and had the right amount of sodium to it.  Most fried rice I've had have been very oily and can feel the oil reach my skin to create acne.  This wasn't like that.  4.)  Anyone can make pot stickers.5.)  I forgot the other food we ordered.I was happy and my tummy was too!
5	TAO restaurant is always the highlight of my visits to Vegas.  Love the atmosphere, although a bit unnerving to have big Buddha staring at you while you down delicious shots of premium sake!  Always a fun night of celeb spotting as JayZ or Mariah come through with their posses.  LOL.Nice large restaurant with plenty of servers and bussers so you never have to go looking for someone or wait long before someone walks by.  I have been to this location several times.  The food is always spot on and despite being in the desert, the sushi is as fresh as I've ever tasted, anywhere in the world.  Seriously, they have to have it flown in daily right from the harbor!  My favorite entrees are the sea bass and the steak dish.  Sorry, don't remember what they're called on the menu.
4	We had dinner reservations at 10:15pm on Saturday (April 9th) and due to the craziness of it all, our group of ten ladies ended up at two different tables (5/5).  (Our other option was to wait until 11pm to be seated at one table; no thanks!)  Btw, dinner reservations gets you complimentary entry to Tao Nightclub, which is right above the restaurant.  A promoter gave me and my girls bracelets for free drinks upstairs from 10pm-11pm and we managed to get one drink before being seated for dinner.The food was good as usual (see pics):* Chicken satay with peanut sauce ($10)* Soy ginger-glazed salmon with udon noodles ($26)* Unagi (one for $5)* Uni (one for $8)May seem like a lot of food, but bear in mind that the portions are very small.  You're paying more for the ambiance, I would say. I also tried their Tao-tini ($13), which was good and strong.  ;-)Although the initial plan was to dance the night away at Tao Nightclub, our "new friends" from Tryst invited us to Marquee Nightclub at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  We took them up on the offer since it's the new "IT" club, and we didn't have to wait in line or pay cover.  However, in hindsight, even though we had a good time at Marquee, I wish we had stayed at Tao.
4	If you are looking for a memorable meal, this is a great place to go while in vegas. From start to Finish this was one of the most memorable dinners I have had in my life. The Atmosphere, music, staff and Food make this a great place to dine.I went for my birthday with my girlfriend, so we had reservations, so we didn't wait to be seated. The wait staff was very very attentive and truly catered to anything we needed.The food didn't dissapoint as I had read a lot about TAO before going. We chose from a very extensive wine list, decided on our appetizers and meal and were pleased with every part of the meal.The part of the dinner that was the most memorable was when they brought out a HUGE fortune cookie for my Birthday (I didn't realize my GF had planned for them to do that) By this point I was very stuffed, but it was such a great Idea for a Birthday dessert. I didn't feel rushed at all and was able to truly enjoy my meal.Thank you TAO for making my Birthday that much Better.
5	WHERE: Located inside TAO Nightclub (downstairs)WHAT: My girls and I come here to redeem our complimentary dinners once in a while.  I haven't actually sat down and payed for a meal here so I have no idea what the prices look like, but I know that the food was worth my tip!!The all-girl complimentary dinner includes:-one round of shots for the girls of the party (lemon drop, washington apple, or their tao special)-edimame beans-fried rice-asian seasoned salad-about 3 rolls of sushi-sweet pork-dumplings-eggrolls-lettuce wraps-and you are able to choose a specialty drink from the list of drinks for free!-for dessert, a tao-made fortune cookie with a sexy/funny fortune! =DYuupppp!! Our dinner came with all of that!! It was so much food, I don't think we were able to go up to the club to dance right after! (The most recent time at least).The service was excellent, the food was excellent. So, I leave you with this.EXCELLENCE!! haha
3	Absolutely love this place but they  seem to decline with every visit. It became sort of a tradition to come here whenever I'm in Vegas. And I always order the same thing (wasabi crusted steak and kobe beef sashimi). Well, this time the sashimi was missing the flavor, it was pretty bland and the onion rings were under way cooked. Maybe it's time to find another yummy steak place in LV.
4	Great food. Really love Wasabi crusted Filet Mignon w/Onion rings, thought this time onion rings were little under cooked and Kobe beef sashimi tasted a little bland, but Filet Mignon fixed all that. SO GOOOOOD!!!!
1	My friend was in town and we wanted to go somewhere with a "scene," that simultaneously had good food.  Needless to say, Tao was not the right spot for us.  As for the "scene," Tao pretty much hits the mark.  It is a beautiful restaurant, dimly lit, and plenty of Las Vegas visitors looking for a good time.  As for the food, it was very mediocre.  I will not be returning.  On a busy Saturday night in Las Vegas without a reservation, we waited for our table for about 30 minutes.  Not bad, huh?  Well with the 40 bucks we tipped the hostess to get a table at all, I was expecting to be seated right away.  I want my 40 bucks back! Oh well, live and learn.  On to the food.  Between the two of us we split the chefs special roll, shrimp tempura roll, spicy yellowtail crunchy onion roll, lobster wontons, shishito peppers, vegetable brown fried rice, and edamame.  Sounds like a lot of food, but the portions are small.  This was definitely enough food for us though.  The sushi was really not impressive.  Yes, the fish is fresh, but unless you are ordering sashimi, it is still possible to get a bad roll.  Well, we got three.  The worst was the shrimp tempura roll.  So small! So bland! So boring! Come on, if you are going to list this a chefs speciality, it better be special.  The other two rolls were a little better, but both sitting on top of a heavy mayo sauce that did not taste good.  This is my pet peeve.  Leave off the heavy sauce people! Especially if it tastes like crap.  The lobster wontons were pretty decent, I could only eat one because they were rich, turn your stomach kind of rich- too saucy, too salty, too something.  I will say the vegetable brown fried rice was pretty good.  This "healthier" version of fried rice was packed with veggies and had a great flavor, the only downfall here is that it was served to us ice cold.  The best thing at this restaurant by far was the shishito peppers! I swear these should be on every asian restaurant menu.  I cant imagine it is too difficult to roast these bad boys up, but regardless, Tao did a good job here.  If you haven't tried these peppers before, please try them!  I wouldn't steer you in the wrong direction.  Anyway, I may come back to Tao for a drink, but as for food, I will take my sushi/ asian craving elsewhere.
2	Great appetizers, skip the entrees.  The filet mignon is very dry.  Everything is served with a heaping dose of house techno to try to force you to be upbeat while eating over-priced food.
4	My husband surprised me and got reservations here for my birthday.  The only thing was the reservation was a tad early at 5:30p.  Great dining experience and great cocktails.  I got the wasabi encrusted filet mignon and it was delicious!
5	While I've been to Tao several times for cocktails  I had never dined there before.  My most recent Vegas excursion rectified that minor detail.From the moment we entered the restaurant, to the time we left, service was attentive and friendly.  I started off the evening by ordering my favorite cocktail, the Tao-tini.  If you've never had a Tao-tini, I highly suggest you do so ASAP.  We ordered multiple items off the menu for our dinner, including the Chilean Sea Bass Satay as an appetizer.  After watching the Vegas edition of "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" on Food Network, we wanted to try this highly touted app.  I am so happy we did!  That was seriously one of the best foods I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  Everything else was just as yummy.  Tuna Tar Tar, Pad Thai, Halibut, etc. etc.  We all loved the food. I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas so I can go back to dine at Tao on all of their wonderful food...and to have another Tao-tini.  ;)
4	I enjoyed this place. They accept reservations. Comfortable bar/lounge if you need to wait for a table. Friendly and very efficient service - not easy for a restaruant of this size. Excellent food, good wine list. Only downside is it can get loud but hey, it's Vegas. I'd return.
4	Great ambiance and nice food. Being vegetarian, we were offered good options for entree and were served promptly.
5	Delicious. Great fried rice, great fish. Would def. come back, especially if it was a bit less expensive! wink wink
3	0 stars for the 1.5 hour wait (with reservations!)0 stars for the attitude of the host staff and bouncers (one guy had the ever important job of asking each person who walked by  to move over 2 steps to the right)5 stars for the Chilean sea bass5 stars for our waiterWe had reservations for 9:30 pm and didn't get seated until a little past 11 pm. The hostess had no explanation for us other than that they take walk-ins as well. It was bizarre, we asked once about 20 minutes into our wait, and then 40 minutes in, and both times were shrugged off by the hostess. Then around 11 I had finally had it and went up to ask when our pager would be going off. She asked how many, and led us to our table right away, like we'd just been waiting 5 minutes. So apparently they only seat people who look super irritated?I reallllly wanted to give this place 1 star. DAMN THE CHILEAN SEA BASS. It was phenomenal! (Although the fact that I was starving due to the fact that it was 11:30 pm probably didn't hurt.) I would go back again just for it (and the line jumper pass to the Tao nightclub), but I would definitely be more persistent about getting seated faster or be more prepared to wait a couple of hours.
5	Every time we go to Vegas, we eat here.  Its hard to justify going to other places when this spot is so amazing.  I know Vegas has a lot to offer, but this place never dissappoints.  Crisy Thai Shrimp with spicy pineapple sauce appetizer, Thai Crab Cakes with Mango chili suace, Filet Mingnon with wasabi crust, orange chicken, were all superb. Everything has a unique and wonderful flavor.  Everything we've ordered has been excellent.  They play loud music but its also a club and its fun...the decor is wonderful and beautiful and spectacular. Great service. Its a can't-miss.
5	AMAZING flavors! Had dinner with my family last weekend while in Las Vegas. We ordered several dishes and had a "family style" dinner. Everything was to die for... Lobster dim sum is a must!
4	Fresh ginger and sesame seed doused edamame, chicken satay, lettuce wraps, steamed veggie dumplings, and sake salmon strips... oh heavens it was delicious and the service our group received was awesome. From the gorgeous blonde bartender to the group of waiters we had on the middle floor - they were all super friendly and fun. The restaurant was a great experience. If I were a little cooler, maybe I'd have gone out to the night club... but that whole deal isn't really my scene (beyond the wild hair I get now and then to get my groove on) and I'm pretty sure I had too many clothes on, anyway.... I just enjoyed the vibe of the restaurant and the friends I was with. That was enough :-) I'd definitely go back!
3	This is a highly over rated establishment.  The sushi rolls are pre made for speed and the toppings are added upon ordering so the rice is hard and cold.  The hot food is good but very pricey.  There are many other options that will yield you a better value.
5	This was my first time dining at Tao. This review is for the restaurant not the nightclub. The ambiance and decor... is great. Enter via long hallway with several flower pedal ponds. We were escorted to a good dtable past the giant buddah statue.The service... is great, very attentive and professional. The food... I am currently on a strict diet so I did not eat much. I saw a picture of a shrimp plate on their website and knew I wanted that because it works with my diet, I ordered an appetiser plate of the crispy Thai shrimp thinking it was what was on the picture, however that was not it. However what I got which was stuffed shrimp in a fried wrap similar to an eggrog was devine. Others in my party ordered Chillean sea bass, lobster wontons, and other delish looking dishes and they said it was all excellent. I capped off the night with a pot of green tea which was great. I love Asian food and I highly recommend Tao to anyone.
4	We decided to go to dinner here after seeing a show.  It was very crowded since it is probably the #1 nightclub in Vegas and the line to get into the club was wrapped around the atrium.  We showed up for our 10:15p reservation and was told they were running a little late so 10:15 turned into about 1045p or later.  We decided to sit at the bar and order some sushi and a drink.  Both the sushi and the mango martini were very good.  We then sat at a table and ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai and Kung Pao Chicken.  Both dishes were really good and the portions were very generous.  Service was good as well.  While you are waiting for your table it is very entertaining and I would definitely recommend trying this restaurant if you are in the mood for asian food.
5	This is one of the best places we've ever been to. We hit it everytime we're in Las Vegas or NYC. Amazing food and experience.
5	This was my second time dining at Tao and this was a far better experience than the first. We were seated promptly in a romantic booth on the far side of the restaurant near the gigantic Buddha on the first floor.If there was a way to take home and/or replicate the decor of Tao, I would in an instant. (I'm a sucker for asian decor, but I digress.)The service was phenomenal. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable on the menu, although he did try to sell us on the most expensive things available (go figure.) We had show reservations at NYNY and we were finished with more than enough time to spare.My boyfriend had the hamachi (yellowtail) to start with. The fish was fresh and delicious, although the sushi rice left something to be desired. For an entree, he had the Hong Kong XO Shrimp with Long Beans and Jasmine Rice, which he loved.Eating out for me has been pretty rough lately since I developed some weird food intolerances. There's very little in the way of flavorful food that I can have without giving me a terrible stomachache. Since I'm not a fan of seafood, I decided to go with the Bamboo Steamed Vegetable Dumplings with Crunchy Cucumbers and a side of jasmine rice. These were the best dumplings both my boyfriend and I had *ever* had (and probably will ever have.) If you like vegetables at all, you HAVE to get these. So full of flavor and healthy to boot! We joked at the end of the meal that we'd come back and just get four orders of these dumplings.
5	Drinks: Awesome!Food:  Wonderful!Service: Great!Atmosphere: Fun!You need to come here when you are in Vegas. This place is awesome. I have not had a single dish here that was not amazing. This place is perfect for an intimate date night, or a family gathering. We usually like to get a bunch of different small dishes and eat family style. A bunch of sushi rolls, some tempura, a couple of side dishes, and you are set! Whatever you do, please make sure you save room for dessert!! They have a chocolate zen parfait (with godiva chocolate in it!) and chocolate spring rolls for all you chocolate lovers out there! Yumm!!
2	The food was okay but for the price paid, this was an average experience. Be prepared for a rather depressing ambience, loud music from the neighboring club (even if you are there for a quiet evening). The staff at the entrance is rather rude! For all the hype, this place mildly disappoints.
3	Good food and a rude waiter I wanted to kick in the shins.I thought the food was pretty yummy. I ordered two kinds of sushi - angry dragon roll and whatever the waiter recommended - and i loved my angry dragon roll. The waiter forced me to get the other roll or he wouldn't give me the stamp to get into the club portion of TAO. (Going to Vegas with all guys, never again!) That's fine by me, except the waiter said it in a mean spirited way and was pretty rude overall in my opinion. However the food was TAO's saving grace. I also had the prime rib and orange chicken which was super yummy.My friend ordered the kobe steak, which was amazing! It was so good, it deserves its very own paragraph! Perfectly cooked and just made me fall in love with steak all over again. My friend was kind enough to share that delicious steak with the rest of our party. One phrase stands out to me from that night, "the kobe steak was like an orgasm in my mouth."  I think the steak definitely bumped my rating from 3 stars to 4. Again, it was really awesome.
2	How do I say this, ok the food is mediocre at best. It's not terrible just average and not worth the hefty prices they charge for entrees. The best dish we had was the side of eggplant, it was really tasty and so much of it enough for 5 people. The cocktails were good but overpriced as well. The best thing I can say about Tao is the service they are very attentive which I'm sure isn't easy considering how dark and loud it is in there. What makes having dinner at Tao worth the money is you get your hand stamped and don't have to stand in the unbelievable line that is waiting to get in the hottest club in Vegas. Once we finished our dinner we went downstairs and out to get in the no-line, line we waited 5 minutes at the most. The club is insane and I'm glad we went to dinner so we could just walk right in. Next time I go to Vegas if I want to go to the club again I would go for dinner first, I would definitely go early the crowd is unbelievable. If your not planning on going to the club there are better Asian-Fusion restaurants so save your money.
4	Came here for a bachelorette party and was totally pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. With Vegas, it's usually hit or miss with the trendy spots, and I was prepared for a miss. We had a pre-selected menu that consisted of a variety of foods -- all were delicious. Bamboo Steamed Chicken Gyoza, Thai Crab Cakes, Tofu Lettuce Wraps were all delicious! (The crab cakes were my favorite). Then...the dessert. My GOD the dessert. So delicious. We received the Chef's Symphony of Sweets which included (I don't know the real names...) a giant fortune cookie filled with chocolate and vanilla whipped cream, apple pie empanada-esque with vanilla ice cream, banana/chocolate eggrolls, mochi ice cream.YUM! I would definitely go back. There were also 12 of us and we each paid $70 (including tip and cocktails) so it was also a pretty decent deal!
5	So who goes to eat at a night club and expects great tasting food and customer service? Not me, that's for sure. Well Tao (the restaurant) was a pleasant surprise. They were able to accommodate about 20-25 of us for dinner (though our reservations were for 11:30pm, but we made them at 4pm).I would say majority of us ordered the sea bass and majority of us would say, it was damn good! We also ordered a family style dish of some fried rice and that was good too. I was amazed at how good the food was. Quality of the fish was excellent. My only gripe is the portion we all got. It's not a big portion. If you come here hungry, you won't leave full, I'll tell you that. The service here is excellent, great staff brought everyone what they ordered, cups were never empty, the brought us everything we needed... all while being in the dark. I have no idea how they got everyone their order without being able to see, but they did... and the fish  (sea bass) was cooked to perfection. WAIT... there's more! So we recently just found out that if you eat here you get entrance to the Tao night club too... without waiting! On top of all that, they gave us a free pass to Tao Beach the next day. What a deal! What would have cost us about 80 bucks (dinner, club entrance, beach entrance)... cost us the price of dinner.
5	It's fairly rare that I'll kick out a 5 star review. In my opinion, a restaurant has to meet or exceed on ALL expectations in order to achieve a five star rating. That said, Tao Las Vegas achieves exactly this. I have eaten here many times at this point but this particular review is for dinner last Saturday. I was in town with friends for a birthday celebration. There were 5 of them and none of them had ever gone to Tao. So, I wanted to share the love and expose them to the joy of Tao cuisine.Our reservation was for 6:30PM. We arrived 10 minutes early and were seated promptly. We quietly pulled the server aside and let him know that it was a birthday dinner and he promised to take care of it. During dinner, we ordered everything from the steak (amazing!) to the TAO Angry Dragon roll (highly recommended). Some items that I recommend, in no particular order:TAO Angry Dragon Roll - DeliciousSatay of Chilean Sea Bass w/ Wok Roasted Asparagus - no trip to Tao is completely without thisLobster Wontons - a good secondary choice - if you have room add thisOne thing I should point out - if you're feeling like steak, don't shy away from TAO's offerings. They were FANTASTIC! And very uniquely seasoned. In fact I want one right now.Last but not least - the restaurant delighted us by bringing us a huge fortune cookie for my friend's birthday, filled with chocolate mousse and white chocolate mousse.FYI the chocolate mousse was the best that I've ever tasted!And finally - they ended the night by serving us delicious coffee. Thank you Tao. I love you. And I'll be back to see you again really really soon.
3	Food was good, nothing mind blowing, and for the price, would have been more satisfied at any one of my favorite asian food dives.  Cool restaurant though, great for people watching.
4	I have to say this place was great. The service was top notch and the food was incredible. I would have loved to given this place 5 starts But, as soon as we folded our menus and gave them to the waiter someone else seemed to have come with our food. It brought the question of 'heat lamp' to mind. The food was amazing so I can't say anything about that. It is a lot of money, which is ok, because that fact isn't hidden up front, but being rushed for a quick turn around isn't good either. I would highly recommend Tao to anyone visiting Vegas, make it clear you intend to stay awhile and really enjoy the great job they did decorating and take in the ambiance. I give the food and service 5 stars!!
2	Came here for a quick dinner before I start drinking at the Tao Club.  I order 6 pieces of sushi roll. Wasn't bad, until I got my bill. Just under $50 for 6 pieces of maki and a coke.
4	The big Buddha in the restaurant was watching as we devoured sushi, sashimi and a few rolls between 3 very hungry people. This was excellent sushi and we were able to walk in with a reservation made 5 minutes in advance---at the concierge desk. The atmosphere is wonderful and service was excellent. I look forward to trying again.
3	I love the setting and the mood of this place. I've tried a small number of different entrees here, and the only thing i would recommend anyone getting would be the Typhoon Lobster with Fingerling Potatoes. They serve you a whole damn lobster and more for $45!! then, you get free entry to TAO nightclub. awesome!
1	Sorry, but PF Chang does it better. The horrible house DJ made it impossible to talk.  And to spend $180 for 4. What a waste
4	$$$$$$$
4	.
2	Tao restaurant is a great restaurant with great food quality. Unfortunately the people that work there are clueless in how to work in a high quality restaurant environment. First of all the server never introduces his name and he absolutely hate to check on his table. How come you ask a birthday person if he really want the dessert?? Of course he want his dessert?? What are you? Stupid?? Its his birthday you idiot!!!But now lets get to the food item.  Seabass appetisers was good and must try, lobster wonton was soggy and over rated, absolutely not for us.Now, watch out if you are going to order their PEKING DUCK. They cheat. Putting the price of $36 I asked the server if that price means the whole duck? He said yes. But when the bill comes its mark $72 on the bill apparently they charged $36 perperson for that damn duck. Its the most expensive duck I ever ate in my life and its not even all that good. I think this server is trying to scam people out of a nice dining experience.I only give this place an extra star because they do have an awesome birthday dessert that comes in a big fortune cookie and that my lovely fiancee took me here knowing that I might love the ambiance. Well,I did enjoy it, I love the decor and their food, but their service suck balls!!!
4	Went to Tao for dinner with my wife on Thurs nite, waited at the lobby area where they have some comfy couches. Ordered the Taotini which was excellent n the waitresses serving drinks are hotties!! Had the Chilean Sea Bass for main course which was superb! My wife is veg & ordered a few things off the menu but none of the veg items were good unfortunately. Go with the Chocolate Zen Parfait for dessert....it so rich n delicious! The waiter offered to get us in for free at the Tao nightclub n we didn't even have to wait in line. Totally worth it!
3	Loved the presentation. We had the pleasure of having the family style dinner where the chef picked the menu for us. I loved the concept and the food was very good. The best dish- sea bass.  It literally melted in your mouth.
4	Mmmmm the Chilean sea bass...yummy buttery in my tummy! I love the ambiance, the flavors, and the service.  The Chilean sea bass and the giant fortune cookies were the best items I had, others such as the soft shell crab sushi, duck fried rice, etc were just ok. But I definitely make an effort to dine here when I have a chance while in Vegas just for those two items.
4	My bf and I had dinner here one of the nights of our Vegas stay. We were seated immediately. The decor was beautiful. I love the large buddha statue in the restaurant. The music was super loud. I suppose I was okay with that since I knew it turned into a nightclub afterwards. The actual nightclub is just located upstairs. The service was okay. I didn't mind since my beverage cup was never empty and my food came out in a timely manner. We had ordered Yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno and ponzu sauce, crispy spicy tuna roll, toro toro roll, an assortment of tempura, miso glazed chilean seabass, sand pot lobster/shrimp/scallops with black bean sauce, asian green stir fry and XO Chinese long beans. Everything we ordered was pretty much delicious. I certainly will be back to try other things on the menu. I loved how after dinner, we were allowed to walk upstairs to the club without waiting in line or paying an entrance fee. We were stamped and set for the night. :)
4	Decided to go here on a Tuesday evening on a whim. We were seated immediately, even without a reservation. Ambiance is stellar -- dark, sensual and beautiful. Service was good, and the waiter assistant overheard me say something about having difficulty reading the menu in the dark and offered me a flashlight. Okay, that's service!Our party of three had the peppers with yuzu appetizer (good, but I prefer a Spanish take on the peppers), Chilean sea bass satay (just as delicious as advertised), hot and sour soup (good), pork spring roll (excellent, with excellent sauce), five spice shortribs (pretty good), Thai chicken (delightful) and some sushi (quite good). Overall, it was a great and fun dining experience -- just the kind I want to have while traveling!
5	Will definitely be coming here next time my girls and I hit up vegas. This place is sooo yummy. There is a lot of hype around this place simply because celebrities come here and what not, so i was hoping it would be good, but was having my doubts. All have been washed away and this is a must have every time im in vegas!
4	Cool, trendy, delicious.Quick tips:1.  Stick to small plates and starters.  Most creative.2.  Skip the nigiri sushi.  Expensive and not spectacular.3.  Lots of spicy, hot flavors from chili and wasabi.  This is drinking food.If you must have sushi, top props to the spicy lobster roll with black tobiko, king crab California roll (made with real king crab), and the crispy soft shell crab roll served with a yuzu mayonnaise.  All are familiar just made with top quality ingredients and a good flavor twist that makes you long for a second bite.Small plate standouts include an unexpectedly good grilled Chilean sea bass served with a satay sauce. Never thought what is essentially peanut butter would go so well with fish.  The Thai crab cakes with mango chili sauce while not purely crab meat just pairs so well with the sauce.  Well balanced.  The spicy tuna tartar on crispy rice crackers, a great twist on the classic.  Outstanding.  Bold flavor, cool tuna, crispy rice cracker.  So much contrast make for a delicious bite of food.  Finally the  kobe beef sashimi with fresh wasabi; yum.Do not pass on the Peking duck spring roll with hoisin sauce or the lobster and shrimp spring roll with spicy pineapple sauce.  Big bold flavors.  Textual contrast at its best.Finally, if you never had avocado tempura try it.  The warm avocado has the creamy texture of uni.  Very different.  Very good.Note:  Dining at Tao should be social so bring a group of friends.  The food is meant to be shared.  Special note:  For the guys, dining at Tao does not give you any special VIP privileges to enter the Tao nightclub later in the evening.  Ladies, work the magic.Recommended.
3	Went here on a Friday night. Made reservation for 8 and we were seated immediately in the upper dining area. Cool decor and very very good service. Food was pretty good to very good.There seems to be differences in opinion in the Yelp reviews whether dining at Tao gets you a free pass to get into the Tao Club. My understanding is that if you order an entree then you (males and females) get into the dance club for free. People also seem to have experienced differences in whether they have to leave the restaurant and then stand in a line to get back in, or if they are allowed to go straight in. On the night we were there (Friday), we had to go outside the restaurant and then stand in a somewhat short line to get back in.A cool place to eat, but there are lots of great places to eat in Vegas, and this place wasn't good enough to make me want to go back.
4	I came here for a friend's birthday expecting the worst, but was actually pleasantly surprised.I didn't even know Tao had a restaurant until the night I ate here. The restaurant is huge and surprisingly busy for dinner. The service was impeccable, with knowledgable and attentive servers. The food is expensive, but you're in the wrong city if that is a deal breaker. I definitely recommend the Chilean sea bass, order it and everyone at the table will be stealing bites. If you come here for dinner be sure to get your hand stamped so that you can get into Tao nightclub for free.
5	TAO restaurant is breathtakingly delightful.Every dish they have here is delectable and soothes your tastebuds like you won't believe.I have been here a few times, and each time I have been pleasantly surprised with the amount of delicious food they have here. Here are a few suggestions:*The halibut on a skewer. I don't even like cooked fish, but this was salty and so yummy!*Kobe beef tempura roll. Exactly how it sounds. Pair it with some great wasabi and soy sauce, and you get a bit of a carpaccio feel.*Pork potstickers. These potstickers melt in your MOUTH!!!*Pad Thai. Very tasty with a subtle hint of peanut.TAO is a bit pricey, but they have a full bar and a great menu. The chefs are also very courteous about allergies and specific requests. Go here! Your tastebuds will be dancing!
2	The decor was nice. The entrance was BEAUTIFUL!The food.. eh. Everything was so salty. I had the scallops with curry. It was too spicy and salty. Everyone else's food was salty too.The server was wonderful though. 2 of my friends left early for a show and needed to come back to get a "line pass" stamp for the club that night. He was so nice about it. And told me exactly what I needed to do to get it. The nightclub on the other hand... that's a separate review.
4	Beautiful place, uber trendy, great drinks and amazing food located inside the Venetian hotel. We were here with a group of 13 for a birthday party. The service was great, although we had reservations we still had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated. I think everyone loved their food. It is a bit pricey but its such a great spot. I got a couple of tempura dishes (sweet potatoe and avocado) and some type of chicken dish. My husband tried sushi and something else and we are both a fan. It turns into a club upstairs at night and it's free to get in as long as you get your hand stamped. However, you still have to go back outside and wait in line again to go into the club. The club was too crowded, loud, and had a much younger crowd that what I would have liked so we didn't enjoy the club portion but the restaurant is a must do!
2	I'm disappointed, Tao. The first two times I went, you had this amazing delicious black pepper filet mignon steak udon noodles dish that was an orgasm in my mouth. Then you took it off the menu. Now, you are not only overpriced and loud with crappy service, your food is mediocre at best.  We had table reservations for 10:15 pm, and we were seated at 11:30 pm. Granted we went on the night that jay-z went to Tao the club, but still. Our food took 30 minutes to come out. I wasn't even hungry anymore at this point and my friend took a nap at the table stone cold sober because we were so tired and bored. Waiter definitely didn't give a crap about us at that point in the night and didn't bother checking back on us. My friend ordered the chilean sea bass and it was good, very soft and chewy. A bit too sweet. Another friend ordered the salmon on a bed of udon noodles and she said the noodles were not good. I ordered the wasabi crusted steak. It was good, but not worth the 2 hour wait and $35 price tag. I would not recommend. However, if you do go, definitely make reservations and try not to go on a weekend or when a huge star is making an appearance...haha. Great sake selection. Tao's a pretty awesome place to drink and dance (aka go for the club, not for the restaurant) and to see hot girls.
5	The ambiance is great.  Very cool artistic stuff on the walls.  Unfortunately we had reservations for 10 and they put us at a table that in no way should have held more than 6 or 8.  I have never been so cramped in all my life at a dinner.  That is a minus for this review.After trying about 10 different appetizers at our table, I was probably hovering around a 3-star review.  The food was average for Asian food at best.  What do you expect, right?  It's an restaurant with food from all different Asian cuisines, probably not doing any of them real justice.  Then I got my entree which was miso seabass.  OMFG.  I eat lots and lots and lots of fish and seafood.  When I go out to eat, that's pretty much all I ever eat.  The fillet was over 1" thick and cooked to absolute perfection.  It friggin' fell apart with hardly any pressure of the fork.  The miso was perfect.  Just a light coating which really enhanced the flavor of the fish itself instead of drowning or masking the taste of the fish.  So the hero of the plate?  The fish.  Ding ding!!!  We have a winner.  So many times I get fish and the hero of the plate is the sauce on top.  If you have a very fresh fish cooked properly the sauce should be mild and minimal.  I was jumping for joy.  Seriously, I've had miso cod and miso seabass and this has to be the best I've ever had.Luckily for me before ordering the entree, I told everybody I wasn't interested in sharing.  I had enough beef and other types of meat in the appetizer round that I had no interest in anymore.  Nobody else wanted to order fish or real seafood, so I didn't try any of the other entrees.  I'm so glad - the fish was put on my plate from heaven.Others at the table that were sharing their entrees were saying the pepper beef was really good, too.  I had no interest in trying it.If I went back, there's no way I'd even try another entree because quite honestly, I doubt it will be anywhere nearly as good.  The appetizers were average - 3 stars.  However, the fish was a 5++++ star, so that averages out to 5 star.  I have a strong feeling that most of the entrees are not nearly as good.  I'll never find out because I'm not going to try them!  Based on what I saw others eating and their responses, they seemed to think the entrees were of similar level as the appetizers and were just decent.
4	I went to Tao for the 2nd time tonight for dinner.  The last time I went I had some sort of a Groupon or something, and tonight my friend had a gift card she was given as a gift.  I think that's the only way I would dine here.  I think the food is overpriced, and if you're going to spend this much on a meal, there's other places in town I'd rather go.  Maybe it's just me.We started with two appetizers... the spicy tune tartare on crispy rice and the lobster wontons with shiitake ginger broth.  We had the tartare last time and really enjoyed it.  We enjoyed it again this time, but it wasn't as magical as it was last time.  The lobster wontons... well, they tasted like the best wontons I've ever eaten, but I could barely taste the lobster.  The flavor was drowned out from the broth, I thought.For a main course, we split the most expensive omakase sushi menu, which was like $58.  Very underwhelming how little food we got: one roll, 7 pieces of nigiri, and 6 slices of sashimi.  Granted, one of the nigiri was toro, and the roll was a lobster roll of some sort, but for $58, I'd expect a little more.  Throw some salmon nigiri in there!We also split the coconut crusted shrimp with peanut sauce, which was really delicious, though the breading on the shrimp was too thick.  That was made up for in quantity of shrimp, as I think there were like 8 or so large shrimp.  It also came with a side of rice, and some sort of salad in the middle of the plate.Lastly, we tried the avocado tempura since we both love avocado.  Very tasty.We stuck with water, and when our bill came, it was $140 after tax.  We did have a lot of food, but that seems like way too much to pay for a meal at a place like Tao.  The service was top notch, and the ambiance is typical loud music, dark vibe that you'd expect in Vegas.  So 4 stars for me.
4	My first trip to Vegas started out GREAT.  We were staying in the Palazzo so we decided on dinner and some drinks at TAO.  We started with the tuna tartare with crispy rice.  It was definitely delicious.  My friend said it was the best she's ever had.  I don't know if I'd go that far, but I'd order it again.  For my main dish, I had the Miso Chilean sea bass which was a really great choice.  It was moist and flavorful and cooked to perfection.  My friends had some sushi and the Chicken pad Thai and they were all very happy.  Our server was friendly and quick, the decor was hip, and the food was great.
1	Warning for those who come here for a hosted event:We had a company event here recently and a part of the service included an open bar from 7:30 - 10:00 PM (along with a mediocre hosted buffet dinner).  There was only *ONE* bartender to serve 70 people AND the bartender (and support staff) started ignoring everyone's orders approximately 15 minutes before the end of open bar --- she made herself look like she was busy by tidying the bar.  It was SO obvious that it was a ploy by Tao to not serve us any more drinks as they were being cheap on the alcohol.  This left a bad taste in our mouths.
5	This review is strictly for the restaurant. I had one of the best meals I've ever had while there. The waiter was attentive and all of his recommendations paned out. We told him we wanted what he would recommend. He took input as to what we don't like and everything he brought out ended up being perfect once it came out. The food was expensive, but you're in the wrong city if that is a deal breaker. If you're going to go big - go here.
1	Out of all of the places I've eaten at on the strip, Tao has to have the worst customer service at a high-end Vegas restaurant on the strip.  It was as if they were doing everything they could to get us in and out as fast as possible.  The individual assisting our waiter kept taking our food before we were done - even after I told him to stop.  After spending $100 a plate I'd like to finish my food. After all of this, I tried desperately to speak to a manager without any luck.  It was as if the employees at Tao were intentionally preventing me from speaking with a manager because they were afraid they'd get in trouble.  They told me that I had to talk to the general manager.  I called twice and they finally transferred me to his voice mail which obviously wasn't the general manager.   Seems like something a general manager shouldn't be handling anyway.The food was okay.  We ordered Peking Duck.  I've had better.  The only good thing the whole night was our waiter Dave.  After my experience here, I am telling everyone I know not to eat here.
3	The atmosphere sexy and loungy. Perfect place for date or friend gathering. The meals  size is huge and excellent for sharing. If you have any diet restrictions of salt or high fat make sure that the waiter aware of it. We ordered spring veggie rolls, beef  appetizer and for the main course we picked the sired tuna, with "over salted" spinach and "overly"  fried coconut-shrimp with the side dish salad. The mochi desert was impressively tasty. Also the cocktails list was nice.
4	Dropped by for dinner before heading upstairs to the club portion of the establishment.We ordered waaaaayyy too much food, which was fine by me since it was my last night in Vegas on this trip.  Might as well go out with a bang right? Anyways, some highlights of the meal included the following:-Spicy tuna on crispy rice-Lobster wontons-Sea bass skewers-Toro sashimi-Salmon sashimi-Mini donuts for desertThe thing that amazed me about this place is that the food is worth eating.  The dining room is a scene AND it is enormous.  It is quite a feat that the kitchen is able to keep up with the dining room considering how large it is.  And given the people watching here, some restaurants might try to get away with the fact that their dining room is filled with a large number of scantily clad women.  Tao avoids that trap and serves up some pretty tasty Asian dishes and has the service to see that it gets served right.
4	4 and 1/2 stars.  Based on one visit, two people.Sort of spur of the moment meal.Atmosphere and decor:  fantastic; rose petals floating in tubs in the entryway lend pleasing and tranquil aroma to being this dining experience.Service: well above average; professional.Menu: not overbearing with choices - they have narrowed the menu to a strong selection covering many bases.Food:  Tasty, wonderful, positive, unique, balanced seasonings.Highly recommended for relaxing resort-type dining experience.
4	i love the food but so pricey, long wait (even with reservation).  my fave dish is the small plate (sea bass).  small portions, so you can leave hungry unless you spend a fortune.loud on weekends (dj and lots of people).  can get crowded/tight space.
1	Asian Fusion sounds about right. The food was horrible, they're serving dumplings and rice at a premium price. If you have money to spend and want asian food because you don't know what it's really about, then this is for you. I guess they have a great business plan geared only towards Americans who believe in this crap.On the side note, they offered great service and I really liked the ambience.
5	I have eaten at both TAOs in Las Vegas and NYC many times. Delish! The decor is similar in both establishments (large stone buddha, lots of red and black). Service has always been on point and it's great for groups because the atmosphere is loud and fun.Some of my favorite menu items are:-cloudy sake-lychee martini-salmon sashimi appetizer (with jalepeno)-crispy rice (which has tuna on it)-miso-glazed sea bass-giant fortune cookieSome of their menu items are also found on TAO Beach's menu.Oh, and remember to always read your fortune out loud and end it with "in the bed."
4	Came here after being in Vegas for a week to be around a fun crowd and enjoy a tasty dinner.  Went with the crab asparagus roll which was prepared very well and tasted fresh.  Sided with some edamame, I can say I left with a full stomach and didn't break the bank.As for the drinks, the bartenders poured all vodka with a splash of water which was fine with me.  If you're going to be paying Vegas prices, you mine as well be getting your money's worth.Definitely coming back not just for the scene but for the food as well.
4	This Asian Restarant in the Venetian hotel is awsome.. I strongly recommend the sea bass skewers , very tasty.  The sushi, sashimi are very fresh and done with creativity and are flavorful.  The staff is very attentive and helpful, nice selection of deserts and sake.  I have not gone to the nightclub after hours but by the looks of the pictures on yelp looks like fun.  Anyway if you are in Vegas and want Asian/sushi this place has great food and lots of fun... Great music playing while dining.
4	Our vacation in Las Vegas started with a romantic dinner at Tao...we had to race over to not miss our reservation, the restaurant is gorgeous. I loved the dim lighting and the hip music playing, they even honored my request for a booth. Well the booth was actually sofa cushions and throw pillows hehe. Our server was nice but as other yelpers have mentioned the service is fast, so fast I feel like you can't really enjoy your evening. Bussers constantly hoover around like ninjas to clear items right away making me feel rushed but I'm sure its because they have a lot of reservations. Started with the King crab roll , very good and then we had the miso seabass and the duck fried rice. The seabass was so delicious just like butta! Recommend this dish , the duck fried rice my guy seemed to enjoy and for dessert we had the molten chocolate cake Mmmm delightful!
3	I've been to Tao several times for dinner, a quick bite and/or some drinks.   It's consistent, but nothing to write home about.   Food is OK, drinks OK, and the over-the-top Asian ambiance is typical Las Vegas.   It's pricey too.Again, not bad, but not anything special either.
5	The best meal I ever had in my life was here.  It was swordfish medallions in a thin sauce with tempura vegetables.  They no longer have it on the menu, at least at the New York location, but my other meals there were great too.Modern atmosphere and great for group or for a date.I would return, and did at the New York location for a birthday celebration.
4	Damn!! They got us on the free admission to the club. When you do the math is NOT worth it. Guys pay 40 and girls free. But our bill for 4 people was three hundred PLUS. Ha! Ok on to what we liked:Ambiance: great- kinda loud so good for groups.Service: this was good too, I guess it will depend on your waiter.Food: we had the Kang Pao chicken, Shrimp Coconut, wasabi crusted filet mignon and the damn sea bass. (YES they push the Sea Bass to you)!! Ok, yes portions are small, but everything is very tasty. So basically you are paying for the chefs making it. We paired it with a bottle of wine. Oh and the water. Careful here, it is 8 dollars for distiller water. Hahaha .. After dinner we literally had to step out the restaurant to stand in a special line just to be directed to go back in. That's silly if you ask me. You will get stamped TWICE, that is silly too. At around 10pm when the club opens the crowd is not bad. However, this place gets ridiculous full of women. So men ... enjoy!
4	We had a little bit of everything, and I don't remember it all, but what I do remember was this was some of the classiest chinese food I've had, lol. Well, classiest asian cuisine I've had for sure-- lots of good food and good service. Also free admission to TAO's club afterwards, if you're 21+. I didn't have to pay so that may have affected my experience, but overall it was gorgeous and I enjoyed it.
1	Absolutely terrible.  ReservationsWaited an hour to be seated with dinner reservations on a slow Tuesday night.  Bar AreaFlagged down manager after 1/2 hour sitting in bar area with no drink service.  Manager got argumentative, said I was exaggerating and it hadn't been a 1/2 hour since we had been sitting there.  He was right it was 35 minutes.  Finally ordered drinks, got wrong drinks and took forever to close out especially when they don't give you a pen to sign check while walking away.    EmployeesIf you like going to places where the employees have attitudes and treat you as if you're lucky to be there, this is the place.  Don't expect an apology, free app or any acknowledgement for being seated after waiting an hour after your reservation.FoodThe sushi dishes not good.  Go to some of the many other great sushi restaurants in Vegas if this is what you want.  Other dishes rival PF Chang's only at a higher cost with crappy service.  There are so many restaurants with great ambiance and food in Vegas so don't waste it on a sub par, negative experience with a restaurant like Tao.
4	The Cons:-We had a long wait(over an hour atleast) even though we had late night reservations, but it wasn't so bad. We had some drinks at the bar, talked to the bartender a bit and people watched. -When we were seated, I have to admit, I was a little disappointed with our table. It was one of those where you are right next to the neighboring table and share a booth with the stranger next to you. Not that big of a deal really.-My husband had the Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon w/ Onion Rings. He was pretty disappointed. I felt bad bc I had talked him into getting this dish due to all the great reviews.The Pros:-My dish alone is the reason I would go back to Tao and the reason I gave it 4 stars... the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass was outstanding! Best fish I've ever eaten. Just the perfect amount of sweetness and it melted in your mouth like butter. Somewhere in the Middle:-For an app. we had the Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice- good, not great. I was hoping it would taste like a similar dish I had once at Katsuya in Hollywood and it just didn't stack up. Will we be going back? Doubtful. Maybe if I go to Vegas with some girlfriends in the future I'll have a chance to eat some more of that delicious fish, but I will not likely be going back with the husband.
4	I saw the Chilean sea bass on the best thing i ever ate, and really wanted to try it. We arrived later in the evening and only had to wait maybe 15-20mins. We started with the sea bass as a appy which was amazing! next time i am ordering the entree. We ordered the lobster and crab rolls which while good they were not worth the price. We also ordered the fingerling lobster which was really good. I didnt order any fancy drinks only because i didnt see anything that appealed to me. My husband always gets beer and thing time i talked him into trying something diiferent. He went for the sake flight and was so happy he tried it. The restrooms are really fun to try and figure out which one to go in. While washing my hands in the restroom i could hear my husbands calling me. I checked to see if he was at the bathroom door and i saw him looking at me under the mirror! LOL. There is a huge gap between the mens and womens mirrors so make sure to check this out :)I will be adding a updated review because i will be visiting again in april.
1	Save your money. Go to panda express on the strip. Youll get more food and it'll taste better.
5	Tao is often overlooked when one thinks of dining in Vegas, but give it a chance - you will be pleasantly surprised! I like to take my out-of-town guests here for a one-stop dinner/club experience and we always have an amazing meal and an amazing time.I have pretty much tried everything on the menu at this point and I've never had a dish I didn't like. There are two dishes that I adore and frequently re-order: (warning, I get pretty cheesy about the following dishes) The Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass*Located in the "From The Sea" section of the menuOh my gosh, the sea bass.... This would very likely be my last meal on Earth! The sea bass is usually prepared to the perfect melt-in-your mouth consistency with a subtle miso glaze that delicately balances the flavor of the fish. On a few occasions it came out slightly overdone and they happily sent out another one.Salmon Sashimi with Avocado, Crispy Onions*Located in the "Special Dishes" section of the menuThis is one of those genius dishes that seems so simple until you take that first magical bite. The combination of texture and flavor is mind-blowing. The salmon sashimi, avocado, and sweet and spicy sesame sauce flavors with just a hint of crispy onions brilliantly balance each other like like a symphony of flavors in your mouth! After you finish your incredible meal, Tao will send you off with a naughty little fortune cookie. And if you're lucky, maybe it will come true ;) Hey, it's Vegas!So do yourself a favor and check it out. If you have a night of clubbing ahead, you can usually get escorted into the nightclub upstairs from your table.Tip: If you're just a small party of 2-3 and they don't have any reservations available at the time you want, you can usually just head back to the sushi bar and get a seat right away.
5	Absolutely incredible food and service. The Miso glazed Sea bass tasted as moist as cake. It is indescribable! My husband had the Ahi tuna , the wasabi sauce was unreal. The layers of flavors in that sauce were like nothing I have ever tried. We could have drunk it! Service was impeccable.. We will for sure come back. I am tempted to go back tonight!
4	Great food beautiful surroundings nice staff
4	Fresh wasabi all day playas
5	Jesus Christ, yes.  This experience was fantastic.  All the flavors were amazing and the portions were just right.  At about $100 per person for dinner, I wasn't even complaining on the way out.  I has the Alaskan Roll and the Chilean Sea Bass.  Plus, one of those Tao-Tinis.  I'd definitely go back!Pros: everythingCons: I can't eat there more often
2	I'm back in Vegas once more for another convention and my colleagues want Asian food so we try and book a table at Fin at the Mirage but they have no availability. The only other place I can think of is Tao at the Venetian but based on my trip to the one in NY I was not hugely enthusiastic. I put the idea out there and my colleagues wanted to give it a try.What a mistake. Although it's more spacious than the NY venue the food was dire, it all tasted the same, like it had all been cooked in the same oil or something. The waiter pulled the bottled water trick, he came to the table asked if we wanted regular or bottled water while in the process of opening the bottled water.I suspect that the duck rolls were exactly the same as the ones in NY so I suspect they are purchased in rather than made in the kitchen.In summary, I would have been mortified if I had taken clients here. Drinks maybe but food most definitely not.
1	We waited 20 minutes to order, then they forgot the first part of our order, and they didn't try and make up for the poor service with taking care of a drink or something. This place really is not very good. They sold us over the phone on a Pre-theater Phantom menu, then we we got there they said they didn't have such a menu. It was really a joke. People in Vegas must be used to shitty service because I will never spend my money here again.
2	The nightclub opens around 5 and is directly on top of and open with the restaurant. It was so noisy I had to talk loudly for my fiance to hear me. The satay of Chilean sea bass was great. The filet mignon was over cooked and dry. The chinese sausage fried rice and buddhas feast were both good. The service was sub par on our visit. Service was so slow we had to rush to make our show.
4	Came here for my bachelorette this past weekend. I love the food and the service was amazing. Shout out to JEFFREY for being such a waiter. He was so friendly, nice, helpful, and excited. Whenever we asked about certain dishes, he'd go "The seabass is RIDICULOUS!" .. and it sure was! He was so attentive to us 15 girls. Jeffrey needs to get paid more :) haha.So, I'm Chinese and I typically get disappointed when dining at any non-traditional Chinese restaurants (like PF Changs, eh gross. Too salty). Tao had RIDICULOUSLY tasty food without being too salty. My favorite was the salmon, seabass, garlic noodles, and the filet mignon pepper steak (omg the meat was SO tender and juicy!). For dessert, we ordered the chocolate zen parfait. It had layers and layers of different chocolate flavors. My favorite layer was one with chunks of waffles in it. The restaurant was fancy too. Love the decorations!
4	we were at the venetian for the blue man group (early showing) and weren't sure how long it would go so we made a 10pm reservation and showed up at 9, no problem at all, we waited about 15 mins and they got us a table which was great.one thing i thought was weird was when walking in there are these weird little baby buddhas embedded into the wall...it really freaked me out.  the flowers in water in the hall upon entering was pretty cool.our waiter started off fine and then turned more and more quiet and almost unfriendly as the meal continued which really bothered everyone aside me.the 3 of us split a bottle of sake (we got the cheapest big bottle and thought it was good enough).  we had a vegetarian so we ordered mainly veg - egg rolls, buddha noodles and the show-stopping shishito peppers (which they made veg).  we also got a smoked salmon specialty roll and the xo shrimp.  everything was amazing, i love xo sauce and i did think the sauce was slightly lacking.  afterwards we were all too full for dessert but i do want those donuts at some point (like the ones the serve at buddhakan on the east coast).the food came lightening quick which was fine by us as we were all so hungry.i would go back but i will make sure to order some more of the items mentioned in these reviews.
4	I was visiting Las Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend & came here for dinner on Saturday night to celebrate my birthday. We were a party of 12.  Everything was great.  The service was spot on & even knew random facts about Tao NY vs Tao LV since our table was debating certain things.  Food was spectacular, as always. I stuck to my usual Tao-tini.  Never fails.
4	Riddle me this:How do you get eight guys into one of Vegas' more popular and busier nightclubs during one of its busiest weekends without purchasing bottle service or bypassing the massive queue to get in without greasing any of the bouncers?Answer:Under almost all circumstances it's practically impossible.  Dining at Tao Asian Bistro, however, allowed us (eight guys) to get a "line pass" stamp so that after we had finished dinner we would bypass the main line to get into Tao Nightclub and Tao Beach and pay only half the cover charge allowing us access into both. With regards to the food, I ordered the diver sea scallops in red curry sauce which was actually quite good.  A little on the pricier side but seeing as how ordering main entrees got us all line passes and a discounted cover into Tao Nightclub, I'd say it was worth it.
4	This is my second review for this restaurant, and my husband and i are still in love with this restaurant! I would give it 5 stars, but this past time we were a little aggravated with the amount of staff we saw and how empty our drinks stayed, (it's a pet-peeve of mine to have an empty drink and see so many waiters that could take care of you). HOWEVER, the food was UHHMAAZINNGG!! I get sushi, because in my opinion its the best place ive been to in Vegas with great fresh sushi, and my hubby gets the filet, which is served sliced raw with a boiling scallion broth you cook to your own perfection! Everything is fresh and it shows! YU-MMY, we will mos def go back again and again!
4	Yum!  I had the coconut shrimp and it was delicious.  The dinner prices were not bad, mine was $31.00, and I thought it was well worth it.  Everything is a la carte but they do come with rice.  My plate had a large serving and I did not need anything else to go with it.  My hubby also enjoyed his dinner, he got the Kung Pao Chicken ($28).  The drinks on the other hand were ridiculous...$8 for an iced tea and one bottle of Sapporo was $12! Overall it was very good, and I would definitely go back.
5	Wow! Everything here was amazing: the food, the service, the drinks! Craftsteak was my 2nd favorite restaurant, but this place is now in 2nd (Kokomo's for their lobster bisque remains at #1).We came without reservations at 9pm after Phantom and the place was packed. Amazingly enough, we got seated immediately. The ambiance was dark, trendy with loud music. I loved the giant Buddha.Our waiter was super nice and always on the ball as we ordered several rounds of drinks. I got the Taotini and my husband got the Orange Dragon. They were super yummy. ($12 each)But the food...the food! I want to go back to Vegas already just to eat here again.  We ordered the small plates:1. Satay of Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Roasted Asparagus. - this was so freakin amazing. 2nd best bite of food I've had in my entire life. Flaky, delicate, tender and so flavorful. We'd heard about this from The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Vegas on the Food Network. Did NOT disappoint!!!!  This came with 2 skewers.($19)2. Thai Crab Cakes with Mango Chili Sauce- best crab cakes I've ever had. Crunchy outside, such a wonderful crab flavor with a tangy & spicy mango chili sauce. 3 to an order on these. ($18)3. Lobster Wontons with Shiitake Ginger Broth- we thought these were going to be crunchy, but they were soft and tender in a delicious broth. The lobster was so delicate and not chewy whatsoever. These were super yummy. 4 wontons. ($18)We were so in love with the sea bass that we ordered another because we could NOT get enough!!!We were too full for dessert. We loved our naughty fortunes. I absolutely will be dreaming about this food until we get back to Tao again.
1	I was EXTREMELY disappointed by this place. I went out to dinner here with a friend before a night out in the club upstairs and received awful service from the start. The hostess suggested we sit at the sushi bar to avoid a wait for a table and then failed to walk us to the back to seat us. We awkwardly wandered through the restaurant until we reached the sushi bar in the back and there we not even any open seat there. Once we were finally seated our waiter brought us water and took our order. We said we wanted to hold off on ordering drinks until we got our food.A different waiter than or original one brought out our food and we were never checked on. Didn't have the chance to order drinks, no one asked how our food was or if we needed anything...we were totally ignored. I ended up asking a third staff member in passing to bring me a drink. A man who appeared to have a managerial position based on the way he was dressed was wandering around our area for awhile and never even picked up on the fact that we were not being helped. About an hour later we had to ask him where our server was just to get our bill and neither apologized to us.I had high expectations for this place based on the prices and reputation but was extremely disappointed and will not be back next time I'm in town.
3	Not sure the point of a reservation because my name went right onto a list with others who just showed up. Food was good but not the best I've ever had nor particularly innovative. We had Peking duck spring rolls, soft shell crab sushi ( which barely had any soft shell crab), dragon roll, and the night's special drunken lobster pad Thai. The sushi was average and the lobster pad thai was good, but nothing extraordinary.  Service was good. People watching was more interesting than the food.
4	I love the Venetian hotel. I love Vegas. And I love Tao! So not much to complain about. But when comparing to the NYC location, the decor could be better. But it's lovely, the service is great, and the food is always great. I've never had anything I didn't like. The sticky rice & spicy tuna appetizer is great! And if you're getting dessert, the oversized fortune cookie is a must-get! Also, if you go for dinner, you get automatic access to the club...or at least you did when I was there. We were too tired to take them up on this offer but it's a great deal when the club is so hard to get into.
3	This should be at least a 3.5 but that wasn't an option.  I gave them a 3 instead of a 4 because the food was just ok and despite being told ahead of time that we would get into the nightclub free if we dined there.  After the meal they said it was still half price for guys because it as a busy weekend.  There's not much you can do but was still a little upset that I told a table of 10 we'd get into a club for free only to be told differently after we ordered.  The waited did hook us up with a tasting menu for the table which for about $70 a person proved to be plenty of food with a wide variety of dishes to try.  The sea bass skewers were by far the best dish we had, all agreed.  The lobster pad Thai was good but the lobster was tougher than lobster should be.  I wish there was more sushi because that wasn't bad at all but all there cooked items were marginal.  I like the at,osphere but for the price there are much better options to choose from, especially if you still have to pay to get into the nightclub which was the restaurants best perk.
3	The food has gotten better.  It's an Asian Bistro so if you're not into Asian Fusion this place is not for you.  They are good with seperating the shellfish for those who have allergies.Biggest downside.  We had 9pm reservations arrived at 8:50 but got seated at 9:30.  Not sure what happened and I don't think they knew either.  Others were seated before us who arrived after us.It's an ok place but not a must.
5	This is possibly one of the best meals that I have ever had. We did a full on family style meal for our group. We got to try a little of everything! The sea bass is as good as everyone says. One of the best fish dishes I have ever had. The Kobe beef is amazing, and sushi rolls are delicious. We also had lobster, pad thai, beef, and peking duck. It was all so so delicious, and I was glad to get to taste so many dishes. We were all STUFFED at the end of our meal. We ended with the giant fortune cookie- AH-MAZING experience. The server had impeccable product knowledge on all the dishes. A++ for him!
1	They think that they're doing you a favor by letting you eat here. The service is beyond horrible, and they food is awful. Not to mention its so loud that the waiters can't hear your order and bring you the wrong things.
5	This is one of my new favorite restaurants in Vegas. I can't stop thinking about how good their Chilean sea bass is! If you go here, order this. You will not be disappointed. One thing to keep in mind is that you should probably make reservations. We went here on a Monday night at 9:30 p.m. thinking we would get seated right away. Apparently not. The hostess looked at us like we were crazy when we said we didn't have reservations. The wait ended up being an hour but luckily we were staying at the Palazzo so we went back up to the room for some drinks to kill some time. We ordered the sea bass (amazing), the coconut shrimp and udon noodles. The shrimp was really crispy and the sauce on it was so good. The udon noodles were whatever. I don't really like udon noodles in general so i can't really give an honest opinion.We tried their sake sampler but I realized that I'm not a sake fan. It's too strong. Their mixed drinks are pretty good though. Since we came here on a Monday, the club was closed. I'd imagine that when the club is open it could get pretty loud. There was music playing but I don't remember it being overbearing. If you're looking for some where to eat in Vegas I'd recommend this place for sure.
5	NOTE: THIS PLACE IS QUITE ASIAN (food-wise)This place is great. Fabulous.  Wonderful.  Not just the food, but also the service.  My girlfriends and I went to Vegas for Spring Break and decided to try out Tao.  There were 6 of us, and being poor college students, we did not want to splurge too much on the first day of vacay.  As such, we spent almost 20 minutes trying to decipher the menu and decide what to order -- I think our server came up to us at least 3 times in those 20 minutes.  Finally, we got over our shyness and asked him what he would recommend for us.  Our server was friendly, and directly asked our price range; we stated $30-$40 per person, at most.  He offered to put together a "tasting menu" JUST FOR US.  We were really grateful, and we immediately accepted the offer.  DISHES:  Most famous for their sea bass; our waiter ordered 3 appetizers of sea bass (2 sticks per order, so we each got one stick), a ravioli thing (I think?), and some other noodle and dumpling dishes.  When the food arrived, our server explained that he had given us a mix of the most popular dishes of their restaurant, and the dumplings and noodle things were just to "fill us up."  Indeed, between the delicious food and omg-I-can't-get-over-the-sea-bass, we were extremely full by the end of dinner, and each person's bill averaged less than $30. We were so happy with the food and service that we decided to tip more (I think we tipped like 25% lol).So for my rating: sea bass: 5/5; all other food: 4/5service: 5/5
5	Just had dinner last night at one of my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  This is the busiest restaurant in the country and the is a reason why!!!  Even though i have had them a dozen times before, the Chilean Sea Bass skewers were still amazing.  The sushi rolls were excellent and the duck is something that you would not miss out on.  The service was just as great as the food.  After a few years, Tao is as strong as ever.  If you are in Vegas, make sure you grab a bite at Tao.
4	It was my friends birthday so we decided to eat here, the food was very well made, the presentations and time it took to consume it was great, the prices were very steep, and the price did not match the portion. and I guess I can say that it is Vegas, but I just wasn't happy. Service was ok. Nothing too special.Come here for a date, it's very nice with the ambiance.But overall I was a bit disappointed.
2	The food here was horrible and EXPENSIVE!!! How the hell did our bill, three rather thin chicks, come up to $300?????? I was baffled, maybe we didn't pay attention to what we ordered but I know for a fact that we did not have that many (alcoholic) drinks to amount to $300. The food was rather bland and felt as if it had been prepared in a rush, and mind you we were starving. We all know that food while in the starving stage tastes amazing!!! Oh no, not at TAO. The decor is fancy, very nice, but it's a cover-up for their nasty food. The waiter was really cool, attentive, and friendly. Plus he was from Compton! Heeeeey, I'm from LA.
5	WOW, WOw, Wow, wow. I do not even have words to describe Tao. It is one of my favorite restaurants of all time. The food is so good. I got a couple sushi rolls, the filet mignon udon, and this ginger chicken. All impeccable. As you would expect all the dessert is also amazing (i recommend the mochi sampler). And the drinks, oh the drink, they hit the spot. The service is crazy with a million waters. The ambiance is one of a kind: baths, statues, lighting, etc. And lets not forget it is in the beautiful Venetian.
3	Food 3 StarsService 4 StarsAtmosphere 4 StarsTao is the place to go when your in Vegas and it's always packed with trendy fun people. I really enjoy the atmosphere, but I've never been really impressed with the food. If you have a few friends in town that want to experience the Vegas seen for dinner and go clubbing all night than this is a great place to start. If you're a real foodie who enjoys amazing food and the experience is only a small part of the dinner, save your money and head to Nobu.
1	A very expensive PF Changs. The food isn't bad. I love PF Changs, but for this amount of money, it's better spent on one of the many unique restaurants in Vegas
3	Tao is one of those places that you feel is a must whenever you're in Vegas. In my opinion, it is one of those places that is a bit overrated.My friends & I had reservations for 10PM at Tao about two Fridays ago to celebrate a friends birthday. When we first walked in we had to make a line in order to have our IDs checked. It was extremely crowded & noisy as we made our way up the line. Once inside we were given a beeper that would alert us when our table was ready. During that time we were waiting around & people kept rushing/pushing past us to get upstairs to the club.Let me get to the service & food. After we were seated we had a friendly waiter who suggested a couple of the restaurant's signature dishes. I discretely told him the fact that it was my friend's birthday in order for them to bring out a cake or special dessert for her (which they did - a mousse filled fortune cookie). He was great and started stating some random facts about the club after I whispered in his ear so she wouldn't catch on. So kudos to that. Service all around was AMAZING.The food was decent. Honestly, what stood out to me was the miso glazed sea bass. I could have ate that & that alone all night long. Everything else was okay from the noodles to the several appetizers we did try out. I can't remember everything we ordered exactly.If you're trying to go to the nightclub & are in the mood to eat something before hand then you should come check it out for yourself. With the purchase of an entree you don't have to pay the cover charge for the club.Will I be back? Not likely.
5	My hubby and I ate here at Tao the first time we visited Vegas for his birthday and loved it.  We made reservations since they tend to get very busy.  The decor and ambiance is just amazing.  Waiter was super nice and helpful.  We had various sashimi and sushi for appetizers and the hubby ordered a steak and I hade the grilled sea bass.  Everything was just yummy!  This place is cool if you want a romantic dinner but fun and hip enough if you and some friends want to hang out.  Definitely coming back when we visit Vegas again.
3	I giving this 3 stars only because it was just ok and I don't think this place lives to the hype. . the Sushi was good but I def had better. So yes, this place is good but I had better Asian food at many other places. I would only go back here to eat so then i can just go to the club without waiting on line. It seems like everyone says "you have to go to TAO" to eat if you are in Vegas. Not sure why as they are prob many other better places to eat. It's a fun place, so you can enjoy the food and have a good time but to me its more of a place to be seen rather then eat great quality food. Well at least I got it out of the way to go eat here so I don't have to go back. You are not paying for the food here because if you were then you be getting ripped off big time, you are paying for the scene and the name.
5	This is my second year coming to Tao and they dd not disappoint.  started with the spicy shrimp and crab roll.- awesome...Wife and I both had the rice and noodles- fantastic, and then Chilean Sea Bass- phoenominal.  Service was outstanding and the ambiance was just lovely.  I forgot my credit card and the mgr tracked down my reservation and called my cell to let him know he had the card.  Thank you
2	Went here for a birthday dinner.  It's my second time here and it was much like the first, fun because both times were celebrations and I enjoyed the company I was with but other then that this place is beyond OVERRATED and I wouldn't come here on my own accord.  I had the orange chicken which honestly could have come from PF Changs where I would have gotten more and paid much less.  Didn't bother with drinks because I'm just not willing to spend $14 for a drink.  Waitress also tried to overcharge us for something that was her mistake and acted like she would try and fix it.  She did but acted like it was big deal.  I thought the large fortune cookie dessert was the best part of the evening.  Very creative and shared with a group of seven.  Some would recommend this place for date night but I probably wouldn't unless you like yelling to be heard.
4	Before we even arrived in Vegas, my friend let me know that he had made reservations here for Saturday night. I was skeptical. Call be biased or snobby, but I don't like to pay a lot for Asian food when I can get amazing food in Chinatown for half the price. But I went along with it anyway. We arrived a few minutes before our 7:45pm reservation. My friend (who knows more about the NBA than anyone I've ever met) caught sight of a small sign sitting outside the restaurant. The poster showed a just a pair of eyes and some small text. Of course, my friend recognized right away that these were no ordinary eyes. These were Lebron James's eyes. He read the sign with urgency. Turns out, Lebron was going to make an appearance at Tao Nightclub after eating at Tao Asian Bistro. My friend almost fell over with excitement. "I don't care what it costs, that's where we are going afterwards." I laughed and agreed that we would inquire. We walked through the hall of little basins filled with water and rose petals, and the hostess welcomed us immediately. She walked us through the restaurant, which is dimly lit and has a huge Buddha on the first floor. The ceiling is decorated with large canvases of calligraphy writing. Stunning displays of portraiture line the back wall and restroom hallway. The hostess seated us on the second floor. The ambiance was just the right combination of bustling, formal/casual, and you know, that Vegas "je ne sais quoi". Our waiter appeared promptly. He gave excellent cocktail and entree suggestions, and when asked, informed us that I (as a lady) would get in free to the Lebron party, and my friend would pay about $25. Which I'm sure was deeply discounted. Not only that, but we got stamps on our wrists to bypass the line. I ordered the blueberry/pomegranate martini and it was delicious. My friend loved the Orient Express (a coffee-based martini). The tuna tartare was amazing, and I ordered the special (which was a short rib udon). The food blew our expectations away. Sure, it's a VERY expensive meal, but it's Las Vegas. I thought they did an excellent job of offering a fusion selection that didn't over-complicate. They stayed true to Asian flavors and I liked that. The service was hands down the best we experienced in Las Vegas. The chocolate fortune cookies at the end of the meal gave us fortunes that were hilarious, full of sexual innuendo, and right on point. I would definitely recommend Tao. Our meal was pretty much flawless, outside of the $5 bowl of jasmine rice (really? five dollars? it was perfect rice, but come on, I can feed a family for a month with $5 worth of rice). More to come when I write up the review of the Lebron party at the Tao Nightclub.
3	I admit, the ambiance is pretty cool, but if you're looking for a place to dine and chat it's a bit difficult to do that at Tao. I thought the noise level was a bit too loud among the music and various side conversations from neighboring tables.Our group of 14 decided to order family style. Dishes that stuck out to me: * Spicy Tuna tartare on crispy rice: One of my favorite things I ate at TAO. If you're afraid of spicy food, this wasn't too spicy. I enjoyed the textures and flavors this dish provided.*Squab lettuce wraps: delicious and easy to wrap.*Lobster wonton: I thought the wonton was overcooked, which had that "mushy" texture. Pass.*Miso glazed Chillian Sea Bass: Another favorite dish I enjoyed eating. I highly recommend this dish.Our bill at the end of our meal came out to $45 for 13 of us. Although the food was enjoyable, I personally thought that it wasn't worth $45. Then again, I had no input on what we ordered since one of the girls in our party was responsible for that. I wouldn't mind coming back and giving it another try though.*EDIT 9-26-12*I should clarify that each girl paid $45...not $45 for the total bill. If you're all about the food, you might as well head to a good Chinese restaurant and pay half the price.
4	I really liked the decor of this place. Except for the girls in the tubs, though. That was just a little too strange for my taste.For a party of 9, we ordered a bunch of dishes - little bit of everything. The filet was pretty popular, and I really liked the pork as well. Their noodle dishes were pretty tasty too. I really had no complaint about any of the food we had.It's a fancy place, so you won't get a huge amount of food per dish, but what you do get is quality stuff. The service was superb as well. Our waiter was very friendly and understood exactly what we needed, and knew what to ask and when.On a side note, I found their restrooms a bit confusing. As some of the doors are left open, you cannot therefor see which is labeled men and women. And on top of that, they use 'Yin' and 'Yang' as labels for those instead. The first time I went I had to wait a second to see who was coming out of the bathrooms to tell which was the guys'!All in all, can't beat this place for a nice, and fairly healthy, meal. Be prepared to wait for a table though, especially on popular nights for the club next door.
4	Came here a while ago and had a great time!  Only word of advice is to definitely make dinner reservations.  When we arrived, we were seated promptly.  Seating for us is a bit different with bench seating with a much lower-stance table.  Our server was very helpful and was efficient.  The ambiance was great with low-lit lighting with Buddha statues surround the whole restaurant.  Walking around and even taking notice of how much thought was put into the decor is mind-blowing.  I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and was AMAZING! It was tender and flavorful and was would definitely order again when I come back to Vegas.  Drinks are expensive, but what isn't pricey in LV? Pros:- Great service- Great Ambiance- Sea Bass!!!Cons:- Price
2	Very disappointed in this place. I got hyped up by the 5 start reviews but TAO is far from 5 stars. We were politely greeted by our server who was very enthusiastic about the place. I asked him what the most popular dish was & he responded with " Miso Glazed Sea Bass " . The fish was cooked properly, tasted & looked great. We also ordered "Omakase" style sushi which means that the consumer trusts the chef to create a plate based on his skills & tastes. This is where i was very disappointed, we payed $58 for 6 or 7 pieces of basic, dull sushi. Nothing creative or original. If i may add i personally think that Whole Foods sushi is gourmet compared to TAO sushi. After a disappointing dinner i had conversed with our waiter for a few minutes about fine dinning & how TAO is not anywhere near that. Once he realized that i am a true connoisseur of fine cuisine he immediately started to blame the restaurant for catering to people who don't get to try Asian cuisine & wont expect a 5 star quality, and thats why i wouldn't be impressed by anything there. He himself recommended us to a few 5 star sushi restaurants around town. For $120 with gratuity i feel like this place is not only a rip off but very hyped up for absolutely no reason besides the decor inside. Never going to dine at this establishment again.
5	Better than the Tao in NYC!Pros:  Excellent food! Try about 3 oz. ($16 per oz) of the raw Kobe beef Tao Shabu Shabu. Also, the Soy Ginger Glazed Salmon with Udon Noodles and Spinach ($26).Atmosphere is chic and just right. We sat at the sushi bar since there was limited seating, but the seats were spacious and comfortable. Drinks are excellent here. Especially their Saketini. Dress to impress. Cons: Reservations. My gf and I were here on a busy Labor Day Weekend. We called to make reservations the morning of, but they were fully booked until 10:45. The hostess answered that if it were just two people, then they should be able to seat us right away.  We had to wait for about an hour to find seats.
2	The food was decent, but we went to eat here last night and it was the worst service I have ever experienced. Our waiter did not bring our credit cards back and we didn't realize it so 2 of us left our cards there, we called back the next morning to see if they had our cards and they told us they didn't have them 3 TIMES. finally the fourth time we called we insisted that they check elsewhere and they found them. Then when we went to get the cards back they were EXTREMELY rude and acted like it was an imposition for us to be there. We will be calling the manager later to speak with them about it. Don't waste your time here, the food isn't good enough for the trouble.
5	From the moment we walked in and were greeted by the Host it was the best! Friendly people and a warm inviting atmosphere set the tone for the evening. Our waitress Anne was perfectly attentive and accommodating. The food was amazing and so was the service. We will definitely go back the next time we're in Vegas!.
5	We went here at 5 pm for dinner with my adult kids to celebrate my wife's birthday.The service was great. Everyone seemed professional and friendly.My kids love the Chilean Sea bass that was suggested by the waiter, we even ordered the second one.My wife was happy getting an order from my kids a Giant Fortune Cookie with a "Happy Birthday" written on the plate.We went home with a good memory and would like to come back when we are in Vegas next time.
4	Great place to have dinner. Making reservations much ahead of time with the correct amount of guests is a must. Because if it gets too busy it may be difficult for them to add more ppl to your party. Food is delicious. Had the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass. Other dishes we ordered Fried Rice topped with Fried Egg, Hong Kong XO Shrimp & Thai Buddha Chicken. All scrumptious, & best of all is getting a stamp after dinner to go clubbing upstairs. But for Labor Day weekend, you still have to pay for admission even after dinner. The club is usually way over packed, especially during labor day weekend. Popular place, hip-hop music, fantastic asian food, great service...I can't wait to go back, back to Tao's Tao's UGH!!!
5	3.5 stars, really? If this place is 3.5 stars, then Dallas must have no good Asian food according to Yelpers because this place blew everywhere in Dallas out of the water (except Nobu).We had a large group, so we basically ordered one of everything on the menu and passed it around to share. Everything was excellent! I don't like sea bass, but I tried the Satay of Chilean Sea Bass with Roasted Asparagus (a small plate), and LOVED it!! Our table ordered half a dozen of these plates because it was a favorite by far! Good selection of Cabernet wines too!Also, if you want to get into Tao Nightclub, but don't want to pay or stand in line, make reservations and eat here first. Because we dined here, the restaurant stamped our wrists for the club, and we got right in through the restaurant with no lines. Escorted straight up to the club! It's one of the best clubs in Vegas, so go for it!
4	Absolutely amazing decor and ambiance.  Food is anything but authentic cuisine, but that's not what you'd go there for, is it?  Service was really friendly and prompt, and prices were typical for Vegas.
5	This was definitely a stop I have wanted to make and finally got the chance to. I have been to many restaurants in Vegas and this is at the top. The service was unbelievable. The ambiance is awesome with the great architecture, music, decor, and buzz throughout the restaurant. We had a larger group with many different tastes, so our server brought out "the chef's special" which was a plethora of choices. Excellent food, drinks, and atmosphere!
5	We absolutely loved this place! The decor, the food, the drinks the service - everything was top notch!!!  I would highly recommend the sea bass - it was divine.
5	The food here is absolutely awesome!  The atmosphere is a lot of fun and the service is top-notch.  I loved everything we ordered and only wish my room had a fridge so I could have taken the (few) leftovers.  I will defintiely go back next time I'm in Las Vegas.
1	Well my hot girlfriend and I decide to go to this joint for some fancy dining and we were up for an entire different journey.  I wanted to go to the freaking noodle bar at the hotel because I was kinda grumpy but she insisted. There was this long wait for the night club upstairs but we told the hostess that we were there to eat but we got this weird look as if we were cutting the club line which I tried to ignore.  The main dude- kinda heavy set with a flat top says "Hi, you guys got reservations?"  That really pisses me off, calling my hot girlfriend a guy.  No...we didn't have reservations.  So...I take the little plastic buzzer and he says it will take 30-45 mins.  I decide to order some dranks as the bar.  When I go up for the second round at the bar for drinks, the chicka dees at the bar are all gawking at how cool my mustache is.  Two douchers walk up behind me, one has total respect for the stache and the other must have had too much to drink because he got in my bubble when I was trying to order my drinks.  The bar tender came by and he started talking and i grabbed that pencil neck and threw him over my shoulder behind me.  So....the wait for the table.  4 jack and cokes in....we get our table and I had to relieve myself.  I go to the bathroom and come to our table...very dark..very loud..trying to be patient because there is a night club upstairs.  So...I'm a little drunk and then our little too cool for school waiter comes up with the dumb a** blow out hair cut comes up and starts his spiel..saying what we "Have to order"  to go to the night club menue...bro...broham...we don't want to go to the night club.  We just want to eat.  So....I say right off the bat..Could we please get two waters?  He points to our table and says  "There's two waters right there."  His tone, his attitude, etc. made me have a Viet Nam Flash back.  Like I said, the joint was dark and loud, I didn't see the two waters and plus I went to the bathroom.  Talk about wanting to chokeslam a doucher for attempting to embarrass me in front of my girlfriend.  This turd needed to be flushed down the drain.  I ordered a pretty extensive order and got up and left.  Bro....Broham...you're a waiter for a reason because you suck at life.  How ever if that's what you choose to do....have some common sense and learn how to take an order.  If I say two more waters, shut your stupid mouth and bring me two more waters.  You were lucky I was in a good mood.  So we finally end up going to the the noodle bar at the and it was the shizzzzzznitttt.  The service was fantastic and the food was great.  I love you.  And bring me my two waters next time.
2	Don't let the ultra-cool surroundings distract you from the fact that when you bring your date here, you'll be paying about 150 bucks for P.F. Changs with smaller portions.
2	The good: service, beautiful, stylish restaurant.  The bad: music from nightclub is a distraction, soup and food was cold, vegetables, soup and Thai noodles were  bland and tasteless.  Expensive for what you get.  You'd be better off at Pei Wei 's or PF Changs.  Unless you are young and headed to the adjoining nightclub don't waste your money here.
5	This place was AMAZING!  I went with a group of 11 and we started at the bar with cocktails that were extremely strong, the way they should be.  When we were sat it was in front of the HUGE Buddha statue and instantly we had a small group of servers at our table, the wine was excellant, the appetizers were amazing, the tentativeness of the staff was steller and our main dishes were great!  We had the table with the turn table on it and I am not quite sure what we ate but was impressed that our server asked if we had any food allergies.   The fortune cookies were a riot!!
4	EXCELLENT!!!!  The food was very good, the atmosphere was great.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the waiter was not very good.  He tried, but I don't think this was the job for him!!
4	Deem light, very romantic.... Food is great, pricy but its Vegas so who cares. It's not a lounge type restaurant I tried couple of their dishes- they were all good.
3	I have eaten here twice and both times the food has been great.  Kung Pao Chicken Was Great, The Sushi was better than average, and the fortune cookie was a great desert.  The Service However has been sub par.  The second time I went there dinner took almost 2 hours.  The place is so busy that its hard to get the attention of your server.  Expect your Cocktail to sit empty for a while before they bring you another one.  Next time I will try take out!
1	Waaaaay overpriced for what you get.  Portions were huge, and dishes were either overly sweet or overly salty.  There are much better ways to spend your money than Tao.I got the Miso Glazed Sea Bass (~$40), and as my husband described it tasted like "fancy fish sticks wiht sweet sauce".  The fish was huge and very sweet, served with some veggies drenched in sauce/oil.  I also ordered a wine to go with my meal; it was just okay.  This sounds picky, but the wine glass it came in was the same as a crappy set I owned in college.  I couldn't help feeling like I was back at a college party.  A restaurant that expensive could afford a nice wine glass at least.My husband got the Seared Ahi Tuna (~$35), and they were really salty.  The tuna itself wasn't great; you could hardly taste it.On a side note, if you eat at the restaurant you can get in to the night club as a VIP - just ask the waitstaff to get your wrist stamped.
4	My husband and I were in Vegas celebrating our recent marriage and we made reservations at Tao for dinner. We were staying at the Venetian, so it seemed appropriate that we went here for dinner, plus we heard you get free access to Lavo (the other club at the Palazzo) if you eat there.We had 8:30 reservations and when we got to the place on a Tuesday night, we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. The place did not seem that crowded, especially for a weeknight. Anyways, once we were seated, we told the waiter about the reason for our trip and he said we would be taken care of! After browsing the menu we settled on Filet Mignon Pepper Steak ($35) and Pad Thai Noodles with Chicken ($19) and we each had a specialty cocktail. The Filet Mignon pepper steak might have been the best thing I have ever eaten. It was fabulous. I know it was my husband's favorite meal of the entire trip. I mean, pepper steak from most chinese restaurants is pretty good, but then when you add filet mignon to the dish- it takes it to a whole new level! The pad thai was pretty good too, but the star of the meal was the pepper steak.After our meal, our waiter brought us over 2 glasses of champagne and we weer able to choose a dessert for free. We selected the Yuzu Sugar Dusted Donuts with a trio of 3 dipping sauces. OMG these were amazing. They were warm and crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. The dipping sauces made this dessert extra special. We had great service here, the decor was very romantic and I would definitely go back to this place next time I am in Vegas!
5	I stayed at the Venetian for 4 nights and went to Tao every day! The first night I went with my husband just for a drink and a light snack after arriving and he got hooked on the sugar cane in the Taojitos. We met Stephan the second time we went and he is awesome! He made our favorite drinks perfectly and suggested cocktails with similar ingredients that he created himself. He is also a great resource for where to go and what to do. Thank you, Stephan!
4	So I have not had a meal hear, but this place is AWESOME for dancing and drinks!  A TIP: Get on the list and get their by 10:30 to avoid a wait and/or a cover for the gentlemen in your party.  Sometimes ladies even get an open bar on certain nights!
5	Amazing atmosphere, great service, fantastic drinks and really good food.   For someone to say this place is over priced is  completely ridiculous.....  If you are paying $8 for a water in the hotel gift shop, what do you expect to pay for an entree at one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas?  Expect to spend like $75 a person if you order a 3 course meal with drinks.  I highly recommend this to any group, party or couple visiting Las Vegas.  This is my 2nd time at TAO and I have not had a bad meal.  You wont be disappointed!
5	OMG AMAZING!  we went as a group of 9 people.  we all ordered drinks and the waitress was really helpful in helping us decide which ones to choose.  for appetizers we had the spicy yellowtail roll and some scallop/lobster roll, gyoza, and some fried triangle thing.  the sushi rolls and gyoza were my favorite.  the triangle thing was good but it wasn't as good as the other appetizers.  i specifically ordered the sand pot lobster and other seafood.  it was good.  i tried my friends Chilean sea bass and it was delicious.  i only had a piece but it was perfect.  i would definitely recommend it!  the only thing is that it's kinda dark and after a certain time the music starts to get clubby.
4	Must try the Sea Bass - it is their signature dish and it is amazing!Plus when you have dinner you can get access to the nightclub - just ask your server to stamp your hand.
2	So after promising myself I wouldn't come back to Tao to eat, here I am again with my fiance because it was 1130 pm at night and Tao is one of the few restaurants still open. Unless you want to eat McD or Panda Express of course...which ain't nothing wrong with that. We got good service but the waiter was SO PUSHY about ordering drinks. Sir, it's almost midnight and we plan to go to bed after this meal, we do not want your specialty rose flavored cat sake no matter if it's in season! We ordered:Chicken gyoza pan fried - super delicious. Great with the barely sweet soy sauce it came with. Beijing duck for two - freshly sliced duck with crispy skin and crisp scallions on the side. Plum sauce was good and did not overwhelm. moo shi pancakes were freshly made and melted in your mouth. So a good meal, although it is a bit pricy for the value of the food. I don't know what it is about Tao, but it's also busy so it takes FOREVER to get your food. We got our appetizer in 25 min and then another 20 min wait for the duck after that. Kept our waters refilled and our dishes cleared. I guess I'd come back again for lunch, dinner just takes too long. Very very loud and dark.
2	Grossly over priced Chinese food that is mediocre at best. The pepper filet was ok. The orange chicken was downright bad. The pros are the dumplings and the atmosphere is nice.
2	Very disappointing! We went in with friends for a 20th anniversary celebration, the sushi was very thinly sliced and not top notch (as promised by our waiter...). The prices were ridiculous for the portions, but that's what you get for ordering sushi in Vegas, I guess. Will not be back. Ever.
5	Exceptional service & food... We had a table of 9 our waiters were attentive and our food was exceptional... I personally loved the pepper steak & coconut shrimp.   The reviews almost scared me away.  I am glad I gave Tao a try... Loved the ambience of the restaurant.  We were seated right next to the large budda.. Everyone in our party was pleased and had a great time...  Thank you Tao ... Until next time
3	You can get a 5 star experience her if ...You NEED order really well. The menu is hit and miss. Both times I've been her I have had wonderful dishes ... and the well documented "over priced chinese food." I'd personally go for the Sea Bass and the Lobster Wontons with Shiitake Ginger Broth. If Tao put as much love into all there dishes as they put into the atmosphere ... this place would be a slam dunk. But as it is both of my experiences left me wanting more attention place on some of the items we ordered.I would also recommend you take advantage of the free night club entry. Otherwise you may feel like you paid way to much for the experience.
3	Insanely good Sea Bass and delicious pad thai but more than anything the atmosphere makes this place amazing.  Even the girls laying in rose pedals when you walk in left an impression.  The food was forgettable while everything that I saw around me made a lasting impression.
1	All cover and no book!  'Specialty drinks' tasted like they were made for a 15 year old, sushi was standard, rolls were substandard.  Dessert was excellent though. All decor and image.
2	***We had a large party menu (fixed) at Tao's and that could have contributed to the experience; the food was mediocre with some of the courses being decent, but more of them with a quality and flavor similar to a PF Chang's***Tao has never been high on my list to try in Las Vegas, but I've definitely heard a lot about it--especially since it is both a restaurant and, I believe, a nightclub after dinner ends.  Tao was also featured on the Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate where Duff Goldman selected their satay of Chilean sea bass as his favorite thing in Las Vegas.Tao is located in The Venetian and it is a big spot with a dark decor (very loud as well).  Tao's huge menu is very modern Asian or Asian fusion with a wide variety of items including sushi, sashimi, edamame, satay, tuna tartare, hot and sour soup, dumplings, spring rolls, BBQ meats, tempura, wok-fried meat, poultry and seafood dishes, fried rice, and noodles.Everything was kind of okay, but while a few dishes were noticeably better than what you would get at a PF Chang's, a lot of it wasn't (and Tao carries a much higher price tag though part of that is because Tao is in Las Vegas).  We did have a fixed party menu so maybe more freshly prepared dishes would have stood out more though the flavors were not exciting or memorable.Service was fine.  The food came out at a good pace.As mentioned, prices were high for a just okay Asian fusion restaurant.Tao does offer many different dishes and it brings in a lot of customers to make for a lively atmosphere so if either of those two qualities appeal to you, Tao might be worth checking out.  But if you are looking for high quality food or good value, Tao might not be the best choice on The Strip.Like other Las Vegas casinos on The Strip, The Venetian offers both free self and valet parking.
3	food was much better 3 years ago and waitress was not familiar with menu
4	Aside from the overhype that comes from being associated with a Kardashian, Tao does serve decent Asian food that is actually priced pretty well.The atmosphere and decor at the restaurant is really interesting and definitely blends the theme together.  I ordered Buddha's Harmonized Vegetable Feast and had a taste of my friend's Pad Thai as well.  Both dishes were delicious.  The vegetables were cooked just right and so tasty, and the Pad Thai had just enough peanut and spice in it.  I also enjoyed the Tao-Tini off of their specialty cocktails menu. It's a little sweet, so one drink was enough for me.  Be sure to make a reservation because the restaurant is very popular and will fill up very quickly.  If you'd like to go to the night club (which I definitely recommend!) ask your waiter to stamp you. You get free entry to the night club if you eat dinner at the restaurant.
2	I will start by saying that this was once my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, but I doubt that I will be back. I actually ate here twice on this trip to Las Vegas and I was extremely disappointed both times. The first time we went we ordered a couple of appetizers and a few sushi rolls. The lobster wonton was good but the sushi rolls were not. They came out 2 minutes after ordering them meaning that they had been made well in advance and they were no where near as good as in the past. We also got several piecess of salmon, tuna and yellowtail sashimi. In the past they would have brought us one big tray with all of this sushi as well as lemon, cucumber and other extras that drastically change the flavor of the sushi in a good way. This time it was quickly thrown on a small plate and it tasted like it had been sitting out for a while.I ended going again because some other friends had just gotten in town and wanted to try it out. Once again I was disappointed. The sashimi was still way over priced. We go the yellowtail sashimi with jalapenos and ponzu and it was good but not $20 good for 4 small (really small) pieces. The sea bass was good but not good enough to out weigh the negatives.The atmosphere is still fun but it is slightly louder then I remember. You can tell that the place is going downhill in popularity as well since there were over 50% of the tables were empty on a Friday night at 9:00.
4	I had the Sea Bass which was absolutely fantastic and one of the other people with us had a steak which was also very good.  The appetizers we order were fresh and tasty as well.I think the place is a bit high priced for what you get but you are paying for the atmosphere which is very cool.  If you want to get into the club for free have your hand stamped - that was a lot of fun as well.I don't know if this would be a regular spot for me but it was a nice treat.
4	First night in Vegas and this was the first place we ate.  Honestly, I have no idea what was ordered since I was able to enjoy the sharing plates that were already chosen by someone else at the table.  Don't think of this as an authentic venture into Asian cuisine, but rather a high end of your Americanized favorites.  Everything that came out was very tasty, a particular stand out was the orange chicken which was outrageously good.  The pad thai, tuna sashimi, various skewers of meat, ice cream mochi, were all tasty.  There wasn't a single dish that was ordered that I would have regretted ordering.  The waitstaff was a little kookey (his personality was incredibly bubbly in an odd sort of way) but he was very, very attentive to our table.  At no point did my drink empty, always presented dishes on the right, and people cleared our table quickly once items were finished.  The kitchen was equally able to keep the wait times between courses very minimal.Ambiance of the restaurant is pretty nice, kind of reminds me of Sea in Brooklyn.  They also had some pretty intense club music playing during the entire meal, apparently next door is a club so I guess that's kind of expected but it was definitely a club kind of atmosphere while we ate since the music was so loud.
5	If you're in Vegas & you don't visit Tao, you are missing out! Ask for Geoffrey to be your waiter, if he is available. He recommends the most delicious dishes and describes them down to the very last detail. He truly made our dining experience one to remember. The sushi and rolls were alright, nothing crazy. The spicy tuna on crispy rice is very delicious. I had a stir fry vegetable dish with noodles. It was very filling. My boyfriend had the Kobe beef carpaccio topped by a baby arugula salad. I am not a fan of raw meat, yet I tried it and it was unbelievably fresh. The dessert plate included edible chopsticks and the fortune cookies had very interesting messages inside. Keep in mind, this restaurant is very dark and has a nightclub and lounge within the three story premise.
5	When in Vegas I like to experience different restaurants because there's so many to chose from. But Tao is the one place I have no problem being a repeat offender at. The food and cocktails are perfect!The orange chicken is AH-MAZING (I'm not a meat eater, but when I go on vacation I do, and I'm super picky about it). It tasted so so good. Also, go for the avocado tempura. I've never tasted anything like it.
2	Only reason we came here was to get free entry to tao nightclub. Otherwise food is mediocre at best and super expensive. Plus when you have a reservation, why do they make you hang out for another 30 mins in the bar/lounge area before seating you?! What's the point of the reservation?!!!
3	A not so knock off of PF Changs.   The service was slow. The tables were to cramped and the food was simply put just ok.  The music was too loud.  I suggest go to Changs at plant Hollywood  and save some money
4	Delicious food, wonderful service. The small plates were awesome. Great dinner choice!
4	The Tofu lettuce wraps are a very tasty appetizer.   So is the shrimp app.
2	I appreciate a fine dining experience as much as the next guy and am certainly not opposed to dropping the kind of coin it cost for such an experience. However, Tao in the Venetian in Las Vegas was nothing short of a major disappointment. Our dinner consisted of two people, one drink each, two apps, two entres (I had the wasabi Filet Mignon) and one dessert. Tab with tip was just short of $180.The service was exceptional as expected but the food, our primary reason for booking this visit, was just average. I would suggest RA as I have eaten there a number of times and it never disappoints.
5	We did not wait long for our table & the lounge area is a great spot to wait in. The TAO-tini is a must try! It is a light drink, that leaves a creamy raspberry taste in your mouth. The service was the best service I had my entire trip. I recommend the Spicy Tuna Tartare, Crab Cakes, and the Albacore Tuna Roll special, if they have it. I wasn't crazy about the Peking Duck spring roll. The desserts were equally amazing as the food. It definitely has an intimate atmosphere & the nightclub is above the restaurant. Those who dine there have access to the nightclub but go on a separate line. Definitely worth it!
5	Tao Asian Bistro is located in The Venetian hotel right next to TAO nightclub. Deciding what to order here was not easy since there is a variety of dishes to choose from but eventually we ordered the scallops, sashimi and pad Thai noodles. Everything was delicious as well as our drinks. This place is perfect for a date or with friends. We asked our waiter if we can get in the night club after dinner without having to wait in those long lines and he was very nice enough to direct us with the right people. We got stamped and had immediate access to the club. Food and service here is awesome!
2	I'm surprised I didn't review this place earlier. My Vegas trip was early December and my bridesmaids and I chose this spot to come after our Chip and Dale's show to keep the party going.what a buzz kill. We had reservations and they stuck us under a fan/vent/ i dont know what and it was so cold. They did try to change the temperature which was very accommodating of them but it didn't make a difference. They didn't offer to move us away from the vent. The food was not good... like at all, I tried really hard to like this place because we were all in such high spirits but I could see how progressively we were just getting more tired of TAO I didn't have a drink but my bridesmaids weren't wowed (I mean for what your paying there, should you be?) and the food wasn't even half-way good.. the waiter got bombarded with large parties and it took forever to get out of there. All in all I have to say as a New Yorker there are so many delicious options in terms of dining out no matter where you are (times square included) you could always find a reliable high rated yelp no matter your location but I noticed Las Vegas just plain sucks for dining out. Most yelp ratings for these places are all 3 star averages and Peppermill was not good it was just excess.. the only redeeming food establishment was the delicious Tacos el Gordo which deserves 5 + stars. Save your  money and go elsewhere TAO stinks. I've had better chinese take out.
4	I have to preface this by saying that when it comes to Vegas - things just cost a lEEtle bit extra; I absolutely love the atmosphere, ambiance and service at Tao but when it comes to price they just don't cut it for me.I went to Las Vegas for a Bachelorette Weekend and we decided we needed one "real" meal and that Tao was the place to do it.  They were incredibly accommodating with our reservation, letting us push it back so we could take more time to primp for the evening.  We were seated almost immediately and had lavish drinks in our hands just as quickly.  I ordered some sushi and where you normally get two pieces of yummy fish for one solid price, at Tao you only get one (whomp whomp).  The miso soup was delicious and the cucumber sunomono salad was tangy and sweet, just the way I like it.   I'd definitely go back, but I'd probably try to find a Groupon or discount coupon first.
4	Great apps and dinner. Pushy waiters though smh.
5	Amazing atmosphere, amazing food, amazing service. The food was inspiring and delicious, the service impeccable, a highlight of my vegas trip!
5	Great location, great menu, great vibe, great waiter, fun creative food.For starters we did the Crunchy Spicy Yellowtail Roll and the Alaskan Salmon Crab and Avocado Roll - would have been happy if all we'd had was the sushi!  For dinner we had the coconut shrimp, the tile fish special (my favorite), a filet shabu shabu (Asian fondue) and the Mandarin Sizzled Fried Rice with Shrimp - loved it. I loved it all.....Just go for yourself - it's worth the ride!
4	Good food.  Slow Service.  Cool Vibe.  Family style is the way to go here.  8 of us came and shared a bunch of dishes starting with the lobster wontons which were just the perfect starter.  Next came some rolls which were my least favorite dish of the night.  They weren't bad but not memorable.Peking duck was the star of the show with its crispy skin and made for delicious wraps.  Phad thai was good but probably as good as any other phad thai you've had.  Sea bass was nice and flavorful.  Service is slow but food comes out fast.  Menu is slightly overpriced but for Vegas - it actually seems reasonable!
2	This place was the biggest disappointment ever. Definitely on the list of the worst restaurant meals I've had. I ordered the chicken pad thai and gross. It was horrible and tasted dry. If you do order it - share, the portion is HUUUUGEE.This place gets two stars because the customer service was good.
4	had dinner. atmosphere is a nightclub on steroids. took my kids to dinner. the music was so loud that we had to scream at each other to carry on a conversation. started the night with oysters, chilian sea bass skewars are a must. so delicate, fluffy and the sauce added a touch of seasoning and the asparagus that came with the dish was sensational. the duck spring rolls were huge and definitely can make a meal out of them. also the lobster was just delightful. the seasoning was perfect balance of salty and spicy. the duck fried rice was also very fluffy and delightful to the taste buds. and the chines greens were excellent source greens with its own unique taste, the dinner was really delicious but be aware of all the bachelor and c]bachelorette parties with really rowdy drunks.
5	Lobster Kim Chee fried rice is one of the best things on the menu in my opinion.
4	Food is excellent, and should be for the price.
5	Food is great and one of the best atmospheres in LV for a restaurant.  Check out the nightclub after dinner!
1	I live in Las Vegas and this is a horrible place to eat dinner...Service is slow,  Servers have attitudes and the food is below average......This is not like the location in NYC. Las Vegas has so many good places to eat...cross this off your list.....its totally past its prime....as another review said A HUGE disappointment....
4	Good food - love the sushi here. The space is cool and big as well.
3	I went to Tao Asian Bistro on April 4, 2013 with my boyfriend for our romantic date in Vegas. I loved the atmosphere and decor. The music is loud and pumping through out the restaurant but it didn't bother me at all. It could bother some older people though but it set the tone for the ambiance of the place and I personally enjoyed it.  I suggest making a reservation to the place since it is pretty busy.  The wait for our table did not take too long. We were able to grab a drink at the bar right there located in the entrance and get our barrings and enjoy what this place had to offer. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The food..amazing. I had the chilean sea bass..OMG! So good..so worth it. Boyfriend had the kobe steak topped with onions, amazing as well! Dessert was terrific.  After dinner, if you wanted to go to the nightclub all you have to do is ask your waiter and a hostess will stamp your hand to get in to the club. You still have to go outside to check your i.d. but the wait in the line is minimal.  So, why the 3 star?  Well everything was GREAT except at the end of our meal when the waiter brought BACK our check to sign the total. I wasn't sure what that was about but pointed to my boyfriend to have him sign it because he was paying for it. Now, we are seated very close to the other people and the waiter yells out, " Well when you tip me less than 10% you have to initial that's what you want."  People next to us were looking at us and my face just went flush! Then he walked away muttering something under his breath, I was trippin! My boyfriend had miscalculated the tip, not usually coming to a place like this and feeling a bit uncomfortable, he quickly signed the bill over and gave it to the waiter not realizing he miscalculated the tip.  Now, I understand..don't get me wrong. I was a bartender so tips are apart of your income and perhaps in a place like this, management may look at the waiters performance as a reason why his tip was so small, which clearly was not the case, he was great. But to embarrass us like that, really upset me and instead of going to the club later, we just decided to go home. So much for a romantic night. But you know, regardless of all that, I do know that Vegas thrives on money and on our way out I gave the waiter another tip because he was good, no doubt. IT was just a misunderstanding. Again, I understand where the waiter was coming from but jeeze, maybe speak softer and don't walk away muttering things under your breathe making us feel like we were unwelcomed and like we did not belong. Because of this, regardless of the awesome food, we will not go back nor advise others to do so either because I believe it could have been handled better with less embarrassment for customers who spent over $200 for dinner.
3	If you've never been to Tao, the decor is lovely and the attached nightclub makes people watching an experience,otherwise, give Tao a miss. It's loud, pricey and the food is only so-so. Be especially careful of the trendy dishes like Chilean Sea Bass or Kobe beef, the Tao chefs do not seem to know how to work with quality protiens and we were very disappointed.*Edit - I received a very nice response from the folks at Tao asking us to return and give them another chance. I am not sure when I will be back in Vegas, but I do have to give them credit for good customer service.
4	If you haven't read, most clubs in Las Vegas are extremely hard to get into without paying a host. XS, Marquee are probably the hottest night clubs right now in Vegas but don't count out Tao. Once midnight hits and the patio is open Tao is shoulder to shoulder busy with people all over the place partying.We all took advantage of the popularity of Tao nightclub by eating at Tao which provides expedited access to their night club.My initial impressions of Tao was a restaurant trying to cash in on the Asian theme. When you walk into Tao and see how it opens up however, you're quickly reminded that a lot of thought had gone into designing the space. Lights are dim to set the mood which plays off the color scheme quite well. A giant Buddha statue sits in the middle of an open hall that spans two floors. Asian art is hung everywhere with bamboo vegetation. At the same time, it wasn't hokey, I really appreciated what they were trying to do here.Onto the food itself, our parties ordered a large number of appetizers which were delectable. I suggest the sashimi platter which had bite-sized party-in-your-mouth morsels of deliciousness.My main meal was a deep sea dive scallops in basil curry. If you had a bowl of rice to this dish, it is such a full complete meal considering. The sauce was rich and the scallops itself were very large.I would definitely recommend you explore other sea food dishes as my samplings of them were also quite rich.
1	We stayed at The Palazzo on our last visit to Vegas and were looking for a nearby restaurant for dinner. It was Friday night and we had to meet friends back in our rooms at 9:30pm, so I made an early reservation at 7:30pm. We arrived at 7:30 to be told "your table is almost ready, please have a seat in the lounge". I ordered the Tao-tini, which was way too sweet. Not bad, just tasted like Kool-aid and not what I expected. In 15 minutes we were called for our table and then promptly forgotten about as we stood awkwardly adjacent to the host stand and three other tables were seated ahead of us. Another 10 minutes before we are shown to our table. It's now nearly 8pm so we quickly place another drink order and review the menu. (Great atmosphere and cool vibe coming from the restaurant, BTW.) So by at 8:15pm we flag down a waiter (not ours, he disappeared) to order. We promptly got our appetizer and then we waited. And waited more. We ordered sushi and Shabu Shabu. Items that you DO NOT NEED TO COOK. So please tell me why our food took 45 minutes to arrive? At this point it was 9pm and our remaining friends had arrived early to the hotel so one gal barely ate and left to go meet them with the room key while the remaining group ate in the most un-lady like fashion and scarfed our plates of food. Ridiculous. The manager came over at that point to offer us another round of drinks and dessert on the house!?!???? We were already late, and no we don't want to be delayed even further. He ended up comping our app and drinks instead. All in all the food was good, the drinks were mediocre and the service was terrible. I wanted to love Tao Las Vegas (I love the New York location) but I can't get over the horrible service. No one in our group will be back.
1	Giving it a one star only because I have to. The only thing worse than the food was the service. The waiter was so, so rude. He didn't, ask questions, never came to check on drinks even when he was right there. I am a reasonable person. If it was so busy and he was working very hard, I'd understand. Since he had enough time to stand at the back and observe, I would think he could make himself useful and at least refill our drinks. This is Vegas people, many, many, many better options. Do not waste your time or money on this place. There were three of us, no one liked their meals. It is also very loud, as it is part of a night club -- I didn't mind this part -- that was actually the fun part. What I didn't appreciate was where I was seated. They seated us at the back where the staff kept going in and out from, with dishes et al -- and every time someone would pass, most likely would knock into me. The rudest part was no one -- not even one person there apologized for doing so.  I am disappointed as after reading the reviews people have received good to decent service -- not in our case.Yikes, save yourself the trouble and drop your dime elsewhere. Way, way better options available.
4	Found this place by accident while looking for Japanese food on the strip.  Loved the decor, lighting and overall design.  Food was very good. Tempura Garlic Green Beans and Satay Chicken were very tasty.  Like everything in Vegas, over priced for the portions.  The food hit the spot after a day in Zion NP.
4	Great food! Great ambience! One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas! Make sure to check out the club after dinner!
2	Had a rather expensive meal at Tao and went away less than thrilled with the overall experience. Mediocre to acceptable food, high cost for small portions, slow service, and a poorly laid out restaurant design lacking anything visually appealing. Ok, the big Buddha was pretty cool, but that was about it. Between food, service, and atmosphere, would think they have got one of them right? All lacked substance. Seemed like a restaurant that is resting on its laurels. Since this is about Vegas, herding people in, getting as much money as they can, and then some, it is what it is. What it is not, a place I would come back.
4	A coworker and I ate here after our last night working a multi-day event in Vegas.  We were EXHAUSTED and grabbing the redeye a few hours later back to Boston.Let's say this first: every restaurant in Vegas over-salts their food, because it's part of the bigger plan to drink your face off.  Knowing this, I can't really complain about how salty the food was (which it was), because that's just sort of the foundation that Vegas sets for you.My coworker and I shared steamed dumplings, a sushi roll, and an order of the pad thai chicken....it was all REALLY delicious.  I was honestly pretty shocked.  I come to Vegas about 4 times a year for work, and I've managed to eat at my fair share of restaurants on the Strip.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.We also got an excellent table in the back of the room, but I think that's because a coworker called ahead to her contact at Tao for us, since she'd done a reception there recently.  Not sure if that affected our service, but the waiter was very friendly and chatty.
5	I was lucky enough to tag along for a tasting menu experience before we all went upstairs for the club. Since they just kept bringing stuff out, I couldn't tell you what I had...but it was all awesome! They brought out a "shot tree"...whatever was in it is dangerous! It was all delicious
5	Oh lawdy lawd. Baby come back. You can blame it all on me! I was wrong and I just can't live without you!Ok enough of my antics I will preface my review by saying this.Dear Angela, you are a fantastic bartender/server! Thank you for making our experience at Tao Bistro amazing! Anywho onto my review of the food.Chilean Sea Bass (small plate): Absolutely mouth watering. Full of bold flavour and can easily make you want more! This sea bass is so flaky and since its done right succulent as well. If you've never been into seafood this dish will definitely make you a believer that yes those swimmers in the deep blue are definitely worth snatching up and being prepared under Tao Bistros watchful eye.Get It!Chinese Sausage Fried Rice:I was a little wary of this dish just because Chinese sausage has always kind of put me off. Why I guess it's always been a little funky but whatever I figured since it was so highly recommended we'd give it a shot. Topped off with a fried egg we mixed our little rice dish together and well it was simply delicious. The rice for me was a little overcooked but with the flavors that were put in place to make this little side dish so stunning I looked passed it easily. Once again Tao bistro serves up full blown flavour with this dish. Tao Bistro definitely stands by that go big or go home ideal with its choices in flavour s used in their dishes. A respectable trait in a restaurant.If you're in Las Vegas make you're way over to Tao you definitely won't be disappointed.
5	I can't understand how this place gets a 3.5 stars.. This place it's just unbelievable with great food and fun atmosphere ...
3	The appetizer and main course was wonderful... Dessert is lacking. XO Hong Kong shrimp was amazing!!! Bottle up the sauce. Service was efficient but not very friendly. The place was too loud I couldn't hear my own conversation across our little table. Nice place but no romantic ambiance due to noise level and sitting on top of people next to us.
3	Not what I was expecting. First, this isn't a nice date place unless you want half of your conversation being "what?" I didn't think they'd have the club music blaring in the restaurant. The food was alright, probably won't go back :/
5	Fantastic food & drinks at Tao Asian Bistro and the best way to get into Tao Nightclub.  The dumplings (5) for a starter were full of meat and had a little spice to them. For dinner we had the Tao lo mein, which was flavorful but a little salty, and we LOVED the sea bass, melted in your mouth! Highly recommend the sea bass for dinner. For dessert we had the doughnuts, which were light & fluffy with a sugar dusting and 3 dipping sauces (caramel, chocolate, vanilla). Their signature drink, Dragon Slayer, was also tasty and pretty strong. Total bill was $135 for 2 with tip and tax. After dinner you get a stamp on your wrist to cut the LONG line to get into the nightclub upstairs. I couldn't imagine doing it any other way. On Memorial Day weekend with dinner, ladies were free and guys were 1/2 off. Can't wait to do dinner and dancing at Tao again!
4	Great food!! Sea Bass is amazing!!!  Has business dinner for 20 and service was great.  This place runs like a fine tuned machine.  Everything on the menu was tasty!!
5	You will read that this place is expensive, but I promise the food, the atmosphere, and the service is totally worth the money. If your tight on cash and can't afford to go big, then I suggest you order just one thing and that is the Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Vegetables. It is just as good as the reviews claim it to be. Buttery and tender sea bass that melts in your mouth with a delicious miso reduction.I also loved the Spicy Tuna Tartar bites served atop Crispy Fried Rice. There were 6 of them on the plate and the spicy aoili-like sauce on the plate was fabulous. Looking for a good bang for your buck?!? Try the Squab Lettuce Wraps, which are delicious and plentiful. We comfortably fed a table for six with them as an appetizer and asked for more lettuce "shells" to stretch them even further. Ohhhh if you are trying to go big, ordered the Wasabi Encrusted Filet Mignon with Tempura Onion Rings. The beef is super tender and the wasabi seasoning on the outer edge is unique and incredible. The beef was also cooked to the perfect temperature.I would skip out on the satay, the sushi, and the chicken dishes. They are just so-so and I feel like that is when people walk away feeling ripped off.
2	The service was a mess an absolute mess ! You sit they want to take your order. I ordered chicken skewers that came out room temperature. I hardly finished when the person I was with entree came out. He was practically done with his entree, and then my sushi came. I love eating alone. I asked where my food was and why they brought out an entree when I just got my appetizer. They shrugged I think there are few menu items that everyone orders and they are practically cooking them every 5 minutes and they bring them out. I was very disappointed I knew the food would not be excellent but the service made it by far worse. I ordered a crab and salmon roll for my entree that was just average. the place was not even a good scene. The lady was supposed to come stamp our hands to go to the club and she never showed. Thew waiter reminded her again and she still never came. I actually saw the crowd heading in and thought it would be better idea if we passed anyhow. Not my scene at all  !
4	Since we were a large co-ed party of  10, it was really essential that we found a place with a hassle free door policy for the many boys in our group. And I'm pleased to announce that the night went off without a hitch! I'm not usually a fan of Asian fusion so my expectations were nonexistent but the menu was shockingly good:  The kimchi fried rice was perfectly balanced and the uni was pure creamy heaven. The bill was pretty reasonable considering our drunk asses were ordering like everything was free : $75/pp including tax& tip and that's AFTER covering our 2 guests of honor's split. In addition to good food and cocktails, our late dinner reservations successfully secured complimentary access to the club without a wait in line. It feels so good to stroll past the sour faces lined up outside for immediate entry. Just eat dinner here people, it's that simple!The club was as crowded as it used to be when Jessica Simpson still had a career. Ok, maybe it's not that popping but it was still a really good showing. Oh, but whats with all the birthday shoutouts every 3 seconds? We don't care that Jennifer turned 21 and she's probably already passed out with her head in some random guy's lap. DJ: less talking, more music playing!
2	Tao is a beautiful restaurant and the food is very good.  Especially the Chilean sea bass it was to die for.However the service was very bad.  Our server was non-existence.  Only came a couple of times and it took 10 minutes to take our order.He seem pre-occupied and even when he took our order he was looking elsewhere. We spent $200 for two people but I had way better service at Denny's.I wish I had brought it up to the manager at the time but we were in a rush to get to a club.  I guess it's a hit and miss reading some of these reviews.  All else equal this would of been a 5 star but service was so bad it warrants only 2.
2	Not impressed.I was very excited for this restaurant, amidst all the hype and reviews.  The big buddha especially was appealing.  We considering just popping by for the club at first, but decided we may as well just eat here instead.  Boy do I regret that.First, the service.  For a high-scale, populous, touristy area such as where Tao is located, I would except only the best of service.  This started on the wrong foot, when my party was running 15 minutes late, and called out of politeness to notify and apologize to the restaurant like we always do.  Here's a first:  when I asked if our reservation could be pushed back by 15 minutes due to a slight delay, the hostess replied, "15 minutes should be okay.. any later, and it's up to the manager's discretion on your reservation."  What?  What kind of BS rudeness is this.  I can understand that for a top-notch restaurant, space is limited and therefore any outrageously late reservations / no shows will be given to people who have been waiting for a seat.  But we were only 15 minutes late, and by the time we arrived, there was no one waiting in line.  That just added salt to the wound - if there had been an extremely long line with multiple aggravated parties waiting to be seated, sure.  But don't spout some BS to us over the phone and cause us to rush when it wasn't even needed with a passive aggressive threat to our reservation.  Also, during my reservation, we had requested a seat next to the large Buddha.  Granted, I understand requests are not always given, but it was for my girlfriend's graduation dinner, and the fact that there were empty seats around the Buddha when we passed by it made me wonder what exactly the manager does when training his employees on the ideals of service.  Nevertheless, we spoke up when they attempted to seat us in some dark corner, and waited while the hostess "discussed" with another our seating preferences, and reseated us after 2-3 minutes.  Moving on, the decor.  They get an additional star for this, otherwise this would have been a one-star review.  As a tourist, we love seeing flashy, new things - my camera is always ready in my hand.  First, they had multiple beautiful rose petal water baths in the entrance (for visual pleasure of course).  The light was dimly set, but not dark enough where you can't see a thing due to the illuminations of all the other decor.  Aside from the various Asian inspired ornaments we saw, the Big Buddha was again the most appealing factor of this restaurant.  Definitely bring a camera if you're the type who wants to see things like this - it'll be one of your only high points of the night.Third, food.  Meh.  PF Changs puts the same amount of flavor, for 1/3 of the price.  It's basically just heavy MSG foods with some fancy names, and more expensive types of food such as lobster.  I won't go too deep into what we had, but our party had a variety of different types ranging from sushi rolls to lobster to fish.  The fish was the best - it was flaky, with a great texture and the right amount of sauce.  Everything else fell far below my expectations.  Fourth, price.  Ugh.  $35-$40 per entree.  And I feel as if I could get most of this from my local chinese take-out, minus some expensive stuff like lobster.  However, just because you offer a few expensive dishes doesn't mean you can charge premium price.  If the taste isn't there, it's not worth it.  If the service is subpar, it's not worth it.  I would have been fine with Tao, possibly giving it 3-4 stars, if these dishes are maximum $20.  But for what we got - a rehash of what we could get anywhere else, for up to $40+?  Hell no.Summary:  Unless you really need to fill your tourist bucket list and see the Big Buddha, avoid this place.
3	I went here for dinner while in Las vegas, June 4, 2013.  Our server Ronnie was great and very helpful.  The setting inside the restaurant was really cool and the mood inside the restaurant was very relaxing.  I started with the tempura onion rings which were $4.  The order came with only three onion rings, they were good though but I expected more.  For my main course I ordered the chicken pad thai for $19.  They don't offer differing spice levels so I just added sriracha to mine to get my desired spice level.  The portion size was ok.  I could barely find chicken in mine so if I were to come here again I would go with the vegetarian pad thai.  The server that was filling our drinks did a very poor job, He walked past my empty water glass maybe 8 times before I had to say something to get him to fill it.  Overall a very cool hip restaurant, but I wouldn't give it my recommendation.
3	I used to like Tao but I have realized its more about the ambiance and less about the food. And sometimes that is fine, they don't disappoint. But for good sushi there are many other places for good food and less money.
5	We ate at Tao this past weekend for our groups official bachelor party dinner and it was a major success. I set up the dinner about a month in advance for our group of 14.  I did a lot of research at other spots for a nice set menu dinner, and we ended up choosing Tao based on what they offered for the given price, and their great location on the strip. We almost did a steakhouse dinner elsewhere, but it would have come with less courses, and about $100 more per person.  Anyway, working with the Tao group was great. They provided us with a nice custom set menu, which really gives the dinner an 'official' feel, and always impresses the guest of honor. We all arrived and were greeted and escorted to the semi-private dining room which overlooks the restaurant. I was a bit shocked because I thought we needed 16 to get the room, but I guess based on our time slot and availability, we were able to be seated there.  This was awesome, and the whole group was way impressed already. We had a great spread of food, and they did a wonderful job with the portions and dividing it up well based on the seating. It wasn't tons of food, but it was still a good amount to leave everyone happy. The Peking duck spring rolls were a huge hit during the appetizer course. For our entrees, we went with orange chicken and the wasabi crusted filet mignon, and then a bunch of sides. Both were big hits, especially the orange chicken.  Then the dessert course came, which was ridiculous. The spread they brought out could have filled everyone up if that was the only thing we ate. Everything was amazing. Also the service was great throughout the event. No one seemed to be waiting for a drink which was awesome.  We were probably loud with speeches/toasts/etc, so having the semi-private area was perfect. All in all, everything went so smoothly from course to course, and we all left there in great spirits for the night ahead. Every one of the guys kept giving me props setting the dinner up and praises for how the food was just right in terms of what we got and how much we got of it.  It was an awesome feeling and confirmed that we definitely chose the right place for our bachelor parfy dinner, so I wanted to share some of the credit by writing this review. Bravo.
5	Fri/7 Jun and Sat/8 Jun my 2 friends and I came here:- Club passes for "complimentary admission for 2 ladies, reduced admission for 2 gentlemen" for Tao Club, Lavo Club or Tao Beach Club are available for free from the front desk/concierge at Venetian/Palazzo or the Tao desk in between those 2 hotels.  Just ask nicely.- Fri/7 Jun we arrived about 11:55 midnight and we just missed entering viewing the "hotel guest" line (my friends were staying at the Venetian).  Took us only about 20 minutes to get in thru the main line.- Fri/7 Jun it was $20/man, or $10/man with the club pass.  Sat/8 Jun it was $30/man, or $15/man with the club pass.- Tao club had a typical ratio, I'd say about 60% guys, 40% gals, and average age of 25 or so (whereas Lavo crowd skews older, average of age 30 or so).  Lots of "happy 21st birthday" shout outs by the club/DJ.  Fri wasn't too busy but Sat was really packed.- Bouncers, waitresses, bartenders were all cool.  I was ordering a couple of cocktails and the bartender accidentally threw away my beer sitting on the bar counter.  I told him, "hey, that's my beer" and he promptly replaced it. - Cocktails are $13/ea.
5	Ambiance is incredible in regards to lighting. Impressive for any size party. Service makes you feel like there is a waiter just for you. The lobster and shiitake dumplings are a must get! Egg plant is also highly rated and wont let you down.Rate me up if you agree.
4	Let me preface this by saying I made reservations for my hubs bday here before a show in the hotel, and notified the staff we had right at an hour and were in a timeline....as we walked in. I also before the apps and drinks were ordered notified the server of the time constraint and she said we were going to be fine.  Our drink order was taken and within 15 min or so had the apps and sushi we asked for. It ALL went downhill from there. As we ordered apps we also ordered entrees. I timed and it took 45 to 50 mins to get med rare seared tuna and crispy orange chicken. These item normally shouldn't take that long to cook if there are no large parties. I've worked in food and beverage service ,so I know. Not once during this wait did our server walk by, apologize or offer excuses or even offer complementary items while we waited. I don't EVER expect a comp in a place this fancy...but money or not, they wasted my time.  Finally after the server came back by I grabbed her attention and demanded the manager.   With five minutes til show there was no way we would be able to scarf down, get the check and make it on time. The birthday dinner, and show were ruined. I ended up telling the mgr how this was a special event and that I had warned the server and hostess of our timeline and even asked if they could serve us in time or if we should come back. He offered a bottle of champagne and dessert. In tears I asked if I could just call him tomorrow if we ever decided to come back. He gave his card and apologized.   We made it to the show in the nick of time. Later the next day I called the mgr and asked if we could just have our same dinner again, to which he agreed. ***** edit, I paid the $150 tab from the night we ate there that night and still left a tip of 15%***although I DO not feel it was deserved, I will never stiff a server.  Turns out dinner was lovely, relaxed and delish. We did add the mandarin sizzle fried rice above the original order, but got the complementary bday fortune cookie to make up for the prior night. The Entire tab was comped. I tried asking the mgr to let me at least buy the rice so I could tip the new server but he declined and said he hoped in November we'd visit the Tao in NYC since we told him we were going. Great food all in all but if you have a special event or are on a timeline please tell the mgmt staff to avoid a ruined bday.
5	had dinner at TAO couple of times now.  service has always been outstanding (literally on point) lol Food DELISSHHH, outstanding texture and flavor!  lobster dumplings and the typhoon lobster my fav!! crispy orange chicken is also great..sashimi is excellent..loud lounge type of environment makes dinner fun! haha
2	My boyfriend and I decided to visit Tao after watching a Cirque show. We were quite tired and hungry from all the walking, so all we wanted was a place to sit, relax, eat, and drink. Tao seemed like the pretty obvious choice since we were staying at The Venetian, but we were definitely wrong.We walked into the dimly lit establishment and we were greeted by 3 individuals at the door. As if the doormen didn't scream "pretentious", we just had to walk in to find out more.One of the hostesses walked us over to our table and said that the waiter would be over shortly. We waited, and waited, and waited and waited until my boyfriend looked at me with pity because I appeared to be very thirsty and no one had come to take our drink orders after 20 minutes! This is beyond ridiculous, IMO, especially when there were about 3 waiters circulating in our area. As he grabbed my hand to pull me out of there, a waitress came by (in the nick of time), to say "oh, where are you going?" when we proceeded to say "we were just about to leave" when her slew of apologies came flourishing out and we felt obliged to stay. At about 25 minutes into our stay, we finally received our glasses of water. That night, I decided to order the chicken pad thai while my bf had the crispy orange chicken. Our waitress put a rush order in for our food and we were served in less than 15 minutes.Pad thai- flavorless and watery. It almost felt like a pad thai soup. I thought letting it sit for a bit would cool it down and let the sauce thicken, but that didn't helpCrispy orange chicken- it was good, but it wasn't amazing. Our waitress then decided to go on break and left us waitressless. We asked about 3 people for our bill because we had had enough, but it wasn't until 15 minutes later that we finally received our bill. My bf and I religiously tip our waiters, but this was just a downhill battle that Tao would not win. Tip? Provide better service and don't rely on the hype around your establishment to make your food taste better.
2	Omakase was very lacklustre, I was served the $58 by mistake and still thought it was overpriced.Tuna was both oily and stringy with no visible fat. Salmon was bland and flavourless in the omakase but more acceptable when ordered as nigiri.3/10, would not recommend.
3	Lobster Egg rolls, EXCELLENT-- as long as you have it with the sweet thai chili sauce and not the spicy mustard/hoisin mix it comes with (not a fan of that). I had the orange chicken, yes i know, not a very exciting option considering the many other options on the menu, but i was happy with my choice and it was delicious. My niece had the lo mein and she said it was the best lo mein she's ever had!  Overall it was very tasty, but have had asian food that's tastier in Houston... The scene was very cool and the customer service was just ok. everyone was nice, but for what the meal cost i expected better service and more attention. If i was 21-28 i would probably think this place was sooooo cool and fun, but i guess now i know better. Too many other places to try in Vegas, so probably wouldn't be a top contender for me to return to... prefer little buddha at the palms.
5	Cool place, really great food
5	Went with a group of 8 and ordered the Chefs Selections and the food was great.  It was decently priced per person based on what we ordered about $100 a head.  Its a great combo when you want to eat then go clubbing.  Also cant beat the decor.
2	I understood this was more of a fusion restaurant and I really enjoy fusion, which is what this place is trying to pull off. I was hoping it would be somewhat of a glorified PF Changs. I ordered the filet dish, however it was the most disgusting thing I have ever had. It was way too salty. They drowned the filet in black bean sauce. It was as if they had poured an entire jar of black bean sauce right over it. I wanted to finish my $80+ meal and plus I was hungry, but I could NOT get myself to swallow it was so salty. My friend ordered the kung pao chicken. She was gagging because it was so salty. We also ordered a side of chinese broccoli. How can you go wrong with gai lan?? Again it was drenched in oyster sauce. We hardly touched our food because it was so disgusting. I am not exaggerating when I say you can get better tasting food from Panda Express. Meanwhile we overheard one of the gentlemen sitting at the next table going on and on about how great his Kung Pao Chicken was. I guess we all have our opinions and he obviously does not have any tastebuds. Don't go here. Food is disgustingly salty. Spend your money at the buffet instead.I noticed that Vegas steak houses tend to make their steak extremely salty as well. Maybe it's a Vegas thing?
1	Terrible service by Sam. For a $200 meal I was extremely disappointed. The food was fine but I shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes and have to ask for the check before it comes to the table. The waiter seemed annoyed to be serving us. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
3	Meh. You never know what to expect from the portions based on the descriptions. The sushi wasn't the best I've had, not bad, but nothing worth commanding such a high dollar. The music in the dining area is so loud you cannot hear the people you're dining with. Upstairs is supposed to be the club, hello. Yes. the club is packed. You're a sardine. Packed.
2	I went to Tao Asian Bistro today with a group. The decor outside looks like it lures in people. We inside around 5, it wasn't crowded yet. I didn't except it to be dark and the ac was on full blast. The music was really noisy. We got the 3 course meals where there are 5 dishes in each course.  I didn't like half the food they served us; they were either too dry or there was too much seasoning. Chinese Sausage Fried Rice was decent. Wok-seared New York Sirloin was ok... alittle bit charred. After we were waiting for the bill, it was like 30 mins later they arrived with the bill. When we were leaving the exit was filled with people at the bar. I don't understand why the bar is so close to the front... My experience was horrible. I will not be going there again.2.5/10
3	My boyfriend and I decided to have dinner at Tao and then proceed to party it up on the 2nd level afterwards since cover was included from dinner. (score! There is re-entry and You get to go on a much faster line too) We were on time for our reservation. The hostess said we'll be seated in about 15 minutes, but we ended up waiting for 40+. Now I was super hungry and it was already like 11PM. If it wasn't for how pretty everything was inside and how nice the people were, I would've given them a lower rating. I had the miso salmon udon and it was delicious. I made it a habit to get uni every time I am at a japanese restaurant, and their's was really fresh. My boyfriend and I weren't a fan of his wasabi crusted steak, however. Service was excellent and the whole place is beautiful. Don't think I would eat here again, but definitely coming back for the party =)
3	Eh, Hard time choosing between 3 and 4 on this place.  Drinks: Asian Beers- nothing special but the price. come on, its vegas. I can hop on a table and get fed free beer all night. No reason to charge me 9 dollars a beer. Also beer is the only beverages without prices in the drink menu. Wonder why??? -1Appetizer- Sushi- The sushi was tasty, but for this scale of restaurant (not to mention price) it should have been better......actually i have had better sushi in Reno in a dump of a casino.  -1Food- Wasabai crusted Filet with onion rings. Cooked really well exactly as ordered . +2. Desert- skipped it, nothing looked good. Ordered beer instead. Do yourself a favor, go to one of the other thousands of great restaurants other than here if your in Vegas and reading this.
4	This place was lively and the service was great. We have 11 and 12 year old boys and they thought the atmosphere was Epic and enjoyed the busyness & Music in the background. We are from a small Colorado Town and don't have anything like this. The food was Great as well. Everything had good flavor and spice. The only boring item was the Pork Potstickers. The Sushi was fresh (don't forget I'm from Colorado) & tasty. The Singapore Noodle could have had more bite but I like it hot. It was very $$$ but I think we would defiantly go back.
5	YES! Wifey is in town and I set me and my girls up with the Tao comp dinner. We had an AWESOME server by the name of JASON - be sure to ask for him ladies!!! We had SO much freakin' food and it was all VERY good. We each were able to order any drink our hearts desired and then at the end we had a delicious shot after our tasty meal! There were two kinds of dumplings and one of them was SUPER good - I think they were kind of spicy, I can't really remember right now but they were awesome. The sushi was good and we got two different kinds of edamame. LOTS of food so go hungry ladies and have fun!
5	Good food but expensive as hellGood place to be at least once in your lifeGreat atmosphere and good service
4	Great dinner and service...Chilean sea bass, chicken satay, lobster wontons, 5 spice ribs, and classic pad Thai. Ambiance is dark and sultry.
4	Always a good combination of food, fund and flare.  Just be sure to get there early (before 6:30 PM unless you have a reservation).  The dishes are always scrumptious, from tuna on rice, to sushi combinations to simple edamame.  And for Sake lovers, the menu is F - I - N - E.  But be prepared to shell out some dollars.So have a cocktails (or 2) before heading to this treasure trove of Asian splendor.  Order an appetizer to share (I like the edamame, tuna...well, I really haven't had anything bad), then move into something more substantial.  Consider splitting dinner or even a few appetizers.  (You're in Vegas...save your money for the tables or the streets!)  But when you finally have to eat...skip the buffet's.  I mean, let's face it, you don't know when the last kid sneezed on it, right?  Go to Tao's an experience some zen....ah'uummmmmm.....
4	**** Review is for Summer Restaurant Week 2013 Menu ****A friend joined me here for dinner last night before the Human Nature Show and we both ordered from the Restaurant Week menu.  For the first course, my friend ordered the Satay chicken with peanut sauce.  I got the "crunchy spicy yellowtail roll with spicy mayonnaise." We both enjoyed our dishes.  We didn't try each others dishes because Paula doesn't eat sushi and satay chicken is just satay chicken.  I did try the peanut sauce and it was good.For course two, Paula got the roasted Thai Buddha chicken with choy sum, sweet chili, and lime.  I got the filet mignon pepper steak with shitake mushroom, bell pepper, and shishito peppers.  I did have some of the Buddha chicken and it was very tender and the sauce was excellent.  The pepper steak was very good.  The filet was sliced and barely stir fried with the vegetables.  The stand out was the sauce again!  It was rich and very flavorful.For dessert, we again took different paths.  Paula got the crispy Fuji apple blossoms with Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream and I got the chocolate spring rolls with Kalamansi dipping sauce.  The rolls were good but they weren't stuffed with chocolate as I hoped they would be.  Rather, there was some melted chocolate on a leaf and the rolls were placed on the chocolate.  Regardless, they were good.  The dipping sauce was non-descript.  I really couldn't say it had much of a flavor.  It tasted more like mango than orange.  For Paula's apple blossoms, they were triangle puff pastries with apple filling.  They were good.Service was very good.  My iced tea was refilled when it got halfway down.  The table was bussed quickly.  Our server was very pleasant and he was pleased to know there was at least one local having dinner at Tao.The room is quite nice.  Dark and woody with a large Buddha in the center along one wall.  We got our cameras/phones out so we could get a photo of it.  It would be a good place to take a date if you wanted to impress.I can only can fit in two places for this Restaurant Week, and I'm glad Tao was one of them!
4	The sea bass was amazing!
1	VERY disappointing, especially for a Vegas restaurant that charges an arm and a leg. Just for a restaurant itself, very very disappointing. This was supposed to be an Asian fusion type restaurant but it really lacked in Asian authenticity in terms of flavor. It seemed like the chefs just used different types of sauces  to compensate for lack of flavor which resulted in chaos. Fried rice with sausage: Very SMALL portion. Weird "sweet and sour" sauce spread over the rice. I would not order again. Pad Thai: Lacking flavor. Some type of sweet taste that I knew after one bite, I would get sick of it after subsequent bites. Very unauthentic. I would not order this again either.
2	Might have been better if McDonald's burgers came with guaranteed entry to Tao's nightclub.Descended upon Tao with a bachelor party for a bachelor party-sized spread and activities.  Tao the club was buzzing, and a deal including dinner at the restaurant and bottle service in the club for about $150/pp was actually a pretty solid deal.Unfortunately, Tao's food is nothing to write home about.  Essentially P.F. Chang's with even more offensive interior decor, Tao's "Asian" food is basically designed for the lowest common denominator - the Midwestern palate.Spring rolls were okay.  Potstickers were okay.  Crispy orange chicken came straight from the cauldrons of Panda Express.  Soy ginger salmon was okay - the udon was a bit unruly though.  Desserts were excessive.  What the hell were they thinking with a chocolate-filled egg roll?  A bite guarantees an oral blast of too-sweet chocolate, versus that same blast recreating a chocolate necklace on your clubwear.But yes, we did get to skip the Tao line.  Maybe a solution would be to pre-eat elsewhere, then just drop the money for nightclub purposes and save yourself the culinary dishonor.
5	the price is the price, its listed outside before you enter so if you don't like the prices dont bother going in.food service beverages were exceptionalwe had the lobster wontons, wasabit crusted filet mignon (house special) both were amazingour new favorite place in vegas!
5	Greeted by incredible decor as you walk in and are seated, you're already excited about the meal to come. Japanese, Chinese and Thai fused in a way that made us extremely happy. White tuna sashimi, soft shell crab roll, lobster tail dumplings, duck spring rolls. All delicious dishes. Our favorites however were Kobe tartare and five spice beef short ribs - OMG!!!! Of you like sake, and vodka, sake and fruity cocktails you're in for a treat. I had a sake called 'First Embrace of Snow'. A must if you live food and are in Vegas.
4	Delicious food, outstanding service. The duck rolls are a must try. Many good sushi rolls as well.
5	We came here with a party of 7 on a Saturday night at 9pm. Yeah we had reservations, this is Vegas!Prices....yeah....this is Vegas. As I said in my other reviews of Vegas places, you don't come here to save money so don't get mad at the price.We ate like kings and queens here. Pretty much had the entire menu as each person ordered a different appetizer and main dish. Very fancy, delicious and FAST considering the whole place was packed and busting at the seams. The kitchen and wait staff do great here. Ended up paying $107 a person before tip. Totally worth it when in a big group because you try pretty much the entire menu and the price included 1 drink. I didn't need any more than 1 drink here anyway. No, not because they pour them so strong....because we pregame and I was all set, if you know what I mean. Hey, it's Vegas baby!!!
5	AwesomeFood Delish.  Every time Im in Vegas, this is where I get my asian fix.Music very cool..  Must try when your in Vegas!
3	I went here on a recommendation of a friend. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and our waiter was great. We were very happy with the recommendations made from our waiter. The sea bass was wonderful. The sashimi plate had a great selection; the toro toro roll and the Chef roll were all delicious.We sat at the sushi bar. Something we always enjoy, however, at Tao there was no interaction between the itamae (sushi chef) and the patrons which we found disappointing, especially because it seemed they had a lot of down time. Because this is Vegas, people watching is always at its' best. There was another couple sitting at the sushi bar who clearly had a lot to drink, so that made for some entertaining conversation over dinner. Overall, the food was good and the wait staff attentive; however, I would probably try somewhere else for sushi when we go back next year.
4	Yes, I came back - and yes the kimchi fried rice was as good as I remembered. Everyone enjoyed their food. The missing star is for the loud r&b music and the busboy who started wiping down our table before we left.
4	The best spicy tuna crispy rice. Great food cool ambience. Really great Vegas dinner spot we go at least once each Vegas trip and are always happy. Sushi samba is great too and a little cheaper
2	Had a 7:45 reservation: was seated at 8:30. Scallops were rubbery, sea bass wasn't as stellar as the server was raving about. Lobster kimchee fried rice wasn't anything to write home about. The only things we enjoyed were the appetizers: crab cakes and lobster ravioli. For the price, I'd rather go to Hakkasan.
4	My wife and I dropped in while staying at the Palozzo with the hope of having dinner, then hitting the club.... Rats!  No club on Sunday nights!  Stayed for dinner and glad we did.  The place was crowded, but we were still able to get a seat.  It was a bit noisy but the atmosphere was good.  The decor is awesome.We started off our meal with TAO-Hito's (drinks) and loooooved them. For appetizer  we had a crispy rice and tuna tar tar which was excellent. For main I had the Buddah Chicken, which was a Thai chicken dish which was pre sliced and presented very nicely. The taste was excellent as was the quality of the meal and flavors. My wife enjoyed her glazed salmon.  With so many great places in Vegas and the bar raised so high it is hard to give out 5 stars. In any other city my visit would be a 5 star meal. In Vegas they roll with a solid 4!
5	Only been here for drinks - of course Chris is the BEST BARTENDER EVER!  Love the lounge... Looking forward to trying the food (hear it is AMAZING!!!) -- most probably when I win the lottery :)
5	Went here on a warm summer night with the girls and enjoyed a fabulous dinner.. Thursday nights are their Industry/locals night where they offer comped dinners to a few lucky ladies.. We were supposed to have 8 in our party, however, 2 couldn't make it but the host staff didn't b*tch about it so yay...We were seated in a nice corner semi/booth table where we could see all the action.. Our smiling server greeted us and explained to us how the comped dinners worked.. It includes several dishes family style, 1 cocktail per lady & if you're lucky a round of shots! We had many different dishes but some that stood out were:-Edamame: you're probably thinking edamame what??? But they give you 1 that is plain and 1 that is seasoned! yum!-Tuna Tataki: Fresh & perfect balance of heat! I just wish they would give you enough pieces to feed everyone.. I ended up having to go halvsies on my piece LOL-Dumplings: We got 1 green vegetarian option and 1 spicy pork option. The pork dumpling was definitely the winner!!! -BBQ Pork: was nice and flavorful and didn't have an overbearing pork taste.-Shishito peppers: tossed with yuzu dressing = YUM-Triangle shaped eggrolls- Jason recommended that we wrap them in the butter lettuce they are served on.. Great suggestion!!!!-Fortune Cookie Cake: It wasn't exceptionally delicious but I love the cute fortunes that come with it! Service was AMAZING!!!! Our server, Jason R, made the dinner very enjoyable and even showed us a magic trick at the end of dinner! Definitely request his section! HOT TIP: Look for a promoter they usually have some free shot tickets to use at the bar ;]]] We were also supposed to get comped bottle service after dinner but as it turns out you can only get either dinner or bottle service & not both~
3	Had reservation for 7:00 and got seated 7:45 and only cause we pushed them a bit otherwise looked like another half an hour.. Appetizers were ok ..i really liked the spring rolls.. Sushi was tasteless and rice was undercooked. Service could have been better..
4	I really like the Asian fusion dishes here. There is something for everyone and no one in our party was disappointed with their food selection. It's not too expensive so the average person can go and have a nice meal. When you finish they will walk you over to the club with no cover if you just want to hang without a table. I would definitely recommend a table but they are always pricey so if it's not in the budget just walk over early enough that you can stake out a spot bc it will get busy and crazy. I wouldn't say this was 4 or 5 star cuisine like you may be thinking of at a fancy shmancy place but I'd say my over all satisfaction rating would be a 4!
1	Tao is definitely not the place to go if you want good Asian cuisine. I ordered the curry noodles and they were salty and the noodles are way too thin, not to mention it was extremely over priced (along with pretty much everything on the menu) I mean c'mon 26$ for a little bowl of curry noodles? Super dark and SUPER LOUD. It's pretty much like eating in a night club. You have to yell at the person across from you for conversation. I went with a large party maybe 15 or so people. When the check came out we simply asked for it to be split up. The waiter literally looked at us as if we were asking him to juggle chainsaws on fire while unicycling on a tight rope. He said it would take some time to split it up, pretty much trying to convince us not to. He took roughly 35-40 minutes to split the check. Seriously? C'mon. If the local Denny's can split a 15 person check with no issue why can't your hip modern upscale Asian restaurant do so too? In conclusion, avoid Tao unless you enjoy mediocre over priced food and shitty customer service.
5	Make reservations!The sushi is very fresh! Try the wild yellowtail! The rice is perfectly cooked and served nice and warm.Toro toro roll 10/10 get this amazing roll and enjoy every last bit. This place has excellent music and the Buddha statue adds to the ambiance. Go upstairs to the club afterwards(no cover w purchase of an entre)!
3	I went to dinner on a Thursday night with a group of 9 fellow Yelpers to celebrate a special occasion. Glad we had reservations because the place got packed in just a few minutes. It was very dark and very loud. We spent most of the night yelling, "WHAT?"  across the table. Some even ended up texting each other during dinner. Our service was pleasant and all of our food came out in under 10 minutes. I ordered the hot and spicy soup and the veggie dumplings. Everyone at our table was pleased with their orders. The drinks were typical Vegas Strip prices, but I heard that they were delicious. Our waiter brought us a HUGE dessert tray to share in honor of the special occasion. I think the dessert plate may have been the highlight of the evening.
2	The first time I came was about 4 years ago for a comp dinner with a few friends. I don't remember the food exactly, but I so remember myself saying that I would have been upset if I had paid for my meal. Fast forward 4 years to October 24, 2013. I was invited to dinner for someone's "birthday." I wasn't too thrilled it was being celebrated here since I don't remember having an awesome experience before. Restaurant is a bit cramped, but they do cater to very large parties. I wasn't too bothered by the lighting being dark, but I could see how it would bother other people who actually want to see their food. As for the noise level, it's located in a club, so expect it to be above normal. None of this really bothered me, it's the actual food that gets to me.If I'm going to dish out $$$ for food, it better be spectacular. And Tao did not deliver. I ordered the sizzling rice with Peking duck. For the price I paid, I could have just made that myself. I also got to sample the other dishes my friends ordered, and I was not impressed by any of them. The highlight of the night was the dessert platter which I thought was yummy. There are so many other good places to eat in Vegas for way less money. I know for sure I won't be back.
4	The kobe beef dumplings were our favorite.  I think they were a special that night, but they should be on the menu.  The nigiri was fresh, and Tao has a nice wine list.  We ordered plates to share, just a bit at a time, and we never felt rushed.
3	I went here with a group of friends to celebrate a "birthday" which turned out to be something else. The interior was nice but the food was a bit marginal for the price. I mean, c'mon! Duck fried rice for $15? Pad Thai for $19-22? For one person? I'm not one to look at the price but this place made me do it. I could go to any Asian restaurant for the same food but for less money and better taste.We started the night with some tasty cocktails. I wanted to try Love Potion #9 (Grey Goose Cherry Noir, cranberry and lychee puree) but Angela H beat me to it so to be different,  I got a Dragon Slayer (Bacardi Dragonberry, Ginger liqeur, strawberry and togarashi spice) instead. Black Pearl ((Henessy Black, blackberries, yuzu and agave nectar). The drinks were pretty awesome!Wasabi-Crusted Filet Mignon with Tempura Onion Rings:This one was the best value for $38. Good and tender filet. However,  this one came with fat...and I'm not a fan of animal fat.  The wasabi crust was great and not overpowering/sinus-clearing. 3.5/5Mandarin Sizzled Fried Rice with Peking Duck:The duck was great and overall this was good fried rice. But for $15 and a serving for 1 person? Not so much. 3/5Lacquered Roast Pork:Chinese BBQ pork is what this is. You get about 7 slices of pork. I mean, it wasn't bad but it wasn't spectacular either. Go to Chinatown instead. 2/5The highlight of the evening was the dessert sampler. It was a huuuge plate with all kinds of crazy chocolate desserts. We had a chocolate mousse, a giant fortune cookie filled with cream and chocolate, ice cream, souffle, wontons with chocolate, fruits...CRAZY!
5	We loved this olace! Buddah Chicken, Snapper, Tao Temple salad. So good, foodgasm wothy. Sam, our server was so good too!
3	If I was rating JUST the Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon, it would be a 4 star easily!  It was the rest of the items that pulled the review down slightly, as was the bang/buck ratio.The Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon ($40) with Tempura Onion Rings. This was great! A little fatty which I loved, perfectly cooked, and the crust was very flavorful but not overpowering. A good deal considering the prices of the other dishes! Go with the steak!!Mandarin Sizzled Fried Rice with Peking Duck ($15). This was good! It had lots of flavor, and a slightly larger portion than I was expecting...but still a little spendy overall.Lacquered Roast Pork ($13). This was a little chewy and the sauce was pretty thick. Can't touch the cheaper versions in Chinatown!  PassAnd to finish, the Dessert Platter. This thing was HUGE!! Enough food for the 10+ of us! We said our dinner here was for an anniversary, so this monster was gratis! There were some goodies there...nothing amazing, but all were good! So again, if you come here...go with the STEAKS!  I wasn't impressed with the rest of the meal personally.Pics :
5	Last year we came here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner.It was perfect! The waiter was great, our food was excellent and they did read on our reservation that we were coming for a birthday dinner so we got a birthday fortune cookie for dessert. We got the spicy tuna roll, two miso soups with clams, salmon udon, and kung pao chicken, everything was delicious.No complaints here. $120 check plus, 20 tip.
4	This place is great! The food was awesome. If you come here and you don't get the lobster dumplings you are doing yourself a disservice. The server said their signature dish was the miso sea bass, definitely worth trying, and our server suggested the sausage fried rice with fried egg on top, also amazing. Service was great, drinks were tasty. So why only 4 stars?  A couple reasons. Number one, I don't like being sold something right away. When we sat down our server briefly went over the drink lists and immediately asked if we wanted something from the bar. Nice to ask, but how about giving us some time to look through the lists you just pointed out. Or even better, how about offering some water first.  And when I say offering, I mean offering all options. Not just bottled water. It just seems like a sneaky way to get just a little more money out of me. I don't want to feel like I'm at a car dealership when I'm eating at a restaurant. The second reason for the downgrade was the robotic repetitiveness in the restaurant. Explanation. We got our appetizers, ther server came by and asked us if we had everything we needed and we said we were fine. 5 minutes later a  manager came by and asked us if we have everything we need and we said we were great. Our entrees came out and our server asked if we had everything we needed, we were fine. A few minutes later a different manager came by and asked us...you guessed it, do we have everything we need. Not how is the food or how are we enjoying everything so far, just do we have everything we need. Now, you might say to yourself that's not so bad. But it was just me and my friend, and all the tables of two are literally right next to each other so we can hear the interactions of all the tables around us.  We had 3 tables within earshot of our own, and I must have heard "do you have everything you need?" 15 times between the servers and the managers. It's one of those things that once you notice you can't help but hear it. Normally I wouldn't even nitpick over something so trivial but i also heard the other servers in the area ask for drink orders immediately and only offer bottled water.  These are all clearly restaurant policies that take away from the restaurant. I don't want to feel like a step in a training manual. All those little annoyances aside this restaurant is awesome. It's not the quietest restaurant in the world but as long as you understand you are eating essentially at a nightclub I highly recommend this place.
2	The food here was underwhelming and over priced, while the restaurant itself is very dark and obnoxiously loud.  Underwhelming enough that I don't remember everything that I tried, over priced enough that it's 2x - 3x the cost of the same dishes elsewhere, dark enough that phones/flashlights are required to illuminate the menus, and loud enough that you'll be yelling at the person sitting across from you.I ordered the pad thai and had a chance to try the fried rice and some other dishes, and they were all forgettable.  Much of the menu consists of standard rice, noodle, meat and seafood dishes that you can find at other Asian restaurants.  The most memorable thing was the dessert platter that was brought out to celebrate an anniversary; pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tao-asian-bistro-las-vegas#qI9V2F49kHQExsdTIycXpgCan't really see myself coming back here.  There are better options within The Venetian/Palazzo to dine at.
4	I've been here twice, the first time awhile back and I remember loving it. But as my taste have changed I wondered if it would be as good the second time around. We started off with a couple drinks, all of which were delicious. We then had the duck spring rolls that came with a delicious sauce. The next course we had was a mix of raw fish. I enjoyed this dish as well it was very fresh. For the main course we ordered the chicken sausage fried rice and the Chilean Seabass.The fried rice was really really good. They even put a fried egg on top and then the server mixed it. I had Chilean Seabass previously and remember it being delicious. It did not disappoint. It was just as good as I remembered it it was totally succulent. I will dream of that sea bass!Our server was great and the atmosphere was really great. Overall I enjoyed the meal and would try it again!
4	Delicious food (sea bass melts in your mouth!) and good service overall but quite busy and loud, with tables VERY close together. You definitely know you are on the strip when the check comes!
4	Got the roasted Thai Buddha chicken...huge portion however it only comes w veggies, no rice! Cheapest side of fried rice is $13 (but it was a huge portion). Those two combined with a beer and my meal was over $60 after tip. Ouch ...BUT food was really good! IF it was a bit cheaper I would give it 5 stars.
4	Very good Asian cuisine. The atmosphere and service were superb. I had the red curry scallops. They were cooked perfectly. The sushi is very fresh. My only criticism is; the portion size is not adequate given the price.
1	I have to say, as a Chinese restaurant in the states, it's very hard to be worse than Panda Express, and Tao made it. This is the most wired Asian food I have ever had in the states. Price is expensive and food is bad. Dishes are big and things insider are small. The most amazing part is the decoration of the restaurant, though I don't understand why they put Buddhas in a Tao style restaurant (they are different religions). Anyway, it might be a successful nightclub, but definitely not a successful Chinese or Asian restaurant! Never go for this, if you want to try REAL Chinese food in LV.
4	If you like the one in NY, you will like this one. What I like about it is that the service is great, the ambience is awesome & the food is good. This is a place to go, not just because you want to eat, but because you want to indulge all of your senses. The hubby & I went here after a show to share a small meal & enjoy the place.Everything was great.The only thing I can complain about is that the NY location has (or had .. I don't know anymore because I haven't been in a long time) a bigger cocktail menu which included a mojito menu. I specifically remember a blackberry mojito which was amazing. Unfortunately, they don't have a mojito menu at this location.
3	This isn't my kind of scene.  Super loud.  Lots of glitz and glamor.  Bling bling all over the place.  Not my style.But I was there for a family birthday party.  This meant tasting menu for everyone.  Last minute they found out I was a pescetariann and made accommodation.  They were super knowledgeable about foods that contained meat and were awfully sweet.  The fish dishes were perfectly cooked.  Loads of flavor.Get take out from Tao.  Or go deaf and blind while dining.  (Re-reading my review I feel as if I'm clearly getting old or too mommy-ish).
4	Fancy place for Asian cuisine and sushi. I really liked the sushi. The drinks are good too. They're expensive but met my expectations for a trendy restaurant in Vegas. And we got a stamp to go into the club afterwards where we had a good time. So I enjoyed my experience.
4	Another walk along memory lane.I first came here almost 10 years ago, back again now not much has changed.Service is great, drinks are unique, everything is clean and spacious, I love the decor.Though if you are trying to have a relaxed night out, this is not the place for you, it gets REALLY noisy.Prices are Vegas average and the crowd all over the place, great time every time.
5	I've been back to Tao every time I've been in Vegas (so 3 or 4 more times), and have had excellent food and service every time. I think the key is making a reservation well in advance and expect that you will have to get a drink in the lounge while you wait for your table. (Max wait has been 20-30 minutes, nothing compared to the 1.5 hour wait the first time) It's a great place for groups as you can tell them your preferences and have them just bring out a bunch of items for the table.
5	Wow!  Great food, great service.  Really enjoyed every bite!  Very sophisticated.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by my dinner at Tao. The atmosphere was lively and fun. The food was fantastic. We started with the lobster wontons in a shiitake ginger broth and the satay of Chilean sea bass that was coated in miso and came with large crisp asparagus. These were both incredible. We ended up ordering a second of the sea bass skewers as they were flaky, moist and sweet. For dinner we shared the udon vegetable noodles, the salmon sashimi with avocado and the New York steak with a peppercorn sauce and veggies. Everything was top notch ingredients, and really flavorful. We ended up ordering some sort of crab roll at the end and that was the worst thing we had, otherwise each dish was really wonderful. I'd definitely come here for a fun dinner in Vegas again.
5	This place is expensive, but absolutely worth it.Every time I go to Vegas, I check this restaurant out. A few things I have tried here are the Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon, Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass, Diver Sea Scallops, and assorted sushi rolls. The Wasabi Crusted Filet is amazing, however, I typically eat fish dishes here now.The Peking Duck Spring Rolls are a great appetizer here amongst other things.As for drinks, I am not a martini fan in general, but I make an exception at Tao. I will usually have a lychee martini here, and it is expensive like everything, but again reallllllllllly tasty. I have also tried the Tao-tini and one other drink, and they were both tasty as well.For dessert, Molten Chocolate Cake. Let me repeat that... Molten. Chocolate. Cake. Worth every last calorie consumed. Save room for dessert, which will be hard, but trust me on this one.I have always received outstanding service here, and excellent food.
5	This is the second time my wife and I have been to the Tao Asian Bistro, the first time being 5 years ago. It was just as we remembered! We were greated warmly, and arriving at 5:30 on a Friday evening we were seated promptly. Our waiter took great care in making sure we understood the menu. My wife ordered the tempura eggplant and the mandarin fried rice with pork and I ordered the chilean sea bass. Both of our entrees arrived warm and presented well. I sampled my wife's fried rice and I can honestly say it was the best I have had. And the chilean sea bass was just as I remembered it...out of this world! We topped it off with the giant fortune cookie...holy smokes was it good! For the two of us it was under $100 and well worth it!
5	Words cannot begin to describe how great this restaurants was. Ask the server to create your table a custom menu to share family-style. Don't leave without trying the spicy tuna tartare, lobster spring rolls, glaze swordfish, wok seared NY sirloin with mushrooms and potatoes.   If you're tight on budget stick to the tuna tartare, the swordfish, and a side. Hands-down top-five meal I've had anywhere!
3	Nice ambiance (went for a friend's birthday dinner before going out, restaurant was playing top 40 hits) Food is a bit overpriced for the quantity and quality, although the spicy tuna rolls were pretty good! If you are looking to go to dancing later, you get free admission to Tao the lounge upstairs so that's a nice bonus.
3	It is a Fancy Asian Restaurant, being a vegetarian as usual I had limited choices but managed to eat few veggie dishes. We ordered Tao Temple salad, fried brown rice and a noodle dish..The food was alright, nothing great....ambiance was classy and it has spiritual theme. Service was little slow and the restaurant was packed...Saturday night!
4	Tao Asion Bistro is a must from now on. A visit to Las Vegas is not complete until you dine at Tao. I went with a party of 5 and we all ordered different plates so we could share food and let's just say that we  were all extremely pleased. I don't even remember what we all ordered but it was all delicious. For around $30 a person you get excellent food and not your cookie cutter Chinese restaurant food, but extremely delicious food. The atmosphere of the restaurant is excellent, service was great, and the food was prepared quick. The day after we all went to the Bellagio Buffet which was more expensive than Tao and the food was nowhere near to Tao. Bellagio buffet was a waste of money. I would have rated Tao 5 stars but I was unhappy with the way we felt as if were being hurried to leave the place so the next party could sit.
5	So many choices, so we went with the recommendations of our really great waiter. Had the spicy tuna over crispy rice and the lobster steamed wonton - really unique and so delicious. Shared the SeaBass and donuts for dessert - yes donuts! Would definitely return here.
5	My girlfriend and I went to Tao Saturday night. We ordered the Saki sampler which is 3 different shots of Saki. If you are not familiar with Saki this is a great introduction. For my entree I ordered the Chilean sea bass, this was the highlight of the meal, subtle flavors of ginger, fish melting in your mouth.  My girlfriend ordered the Buddah chicken. The chicken is marinaded with a sweet and sour flavor, also very good and bit less pricey then the other dishes (29.00) We ended up spending 150.00 for 2 people including appetizers and drinks which I felt was a good value. Price range between 150-200.00 for 2 people which is not bad at all considering the quality.
5	Bottom line: Expensive, but worth it!I tried the tuna tartar, the Chilean sea bass, the Chinese sausage fried rice, and the shrimp tempura.  All if it was amazing.  The tuna was my favorite.  We also had the donuts for dessert and the sauces they came with were amazing.  I also took my 4 1/2 year old with us (5pm) and they said they don't have many children come in, but they did a great job to accommodate us.  I will go back for sure!
4	I got a craving for Asian food last time I was in Vegas and Yelp led me to this place... The food was delicious. The restaurant was very busy with people waiting for tables, yet I never felt rushed. Our server was kind and didn't seem bothered by the fact that I took my time deciding what I wanted to order. The cocktails were not the best, I sent back my "geisha" drink twice before they got it within an acceptable range.
4	Came here with 3 other people, we made our reservations for 7:30, and were seated immediatly after we checked in with the hostess. THe interior is very dark, and the atmosphere was fun, our waiter was really great and attentive.We ordered a few different maki rolls, some veggie tempura and the kimchi/lobster fried rice. All of the food was phenomenal. I have to do minus one star because the service was slow. Over 20 minutes for our drinks, after our plates were cleared over 15 minutes for our check.
3	Service was good and upstairs club was crazy crowded with sausage and girls pretending to have fun. Food was just okay.  Had filet and sushi pad tai dessert was excellent big fortune cookie. And lot's of hot young girls at overcrowded club. Not for me but for everyone else.
5	One of the sexiest places I have been to. Atmosphere, food and service are all 5 stars. Great music too. Their rolls and chocolate lava cake with coconut ice cream are to die for.
5	Tao has to be a top five place for me. If there was one close to  my home I'd go at least once a week. Only problem about that is their are only two in the states! One thing I love about Tao is the atmosphere is way different then anything else I've ever attended. I love the Budda statue, the dark/night time atmosphere, and also guys, the ladies dress up stunningly. Even with all these great features it all comes down to the food. The food well.... It's absolutely AMAZING!!! The Kobe beef is so wonderful! Very tender of course. The Peking Duck is flavorful with a great Hosin sauce. With all these great choices the best to me was the sea bass with Miso glaze.
5	Amazing dinner, amazing restaurant!  Had a great time with a fun atmosphere and our waiter was awesome!  He gave great recommendations and was very attentive.  The low lighting and fun ambiance just helped make the experience intimate but popular.  I had the wasabi crusted filet mignon and my friend had the honey ginger salmon- both were to die for and perfectly cooked!  To top off the evening, we had the scrumptious donuts with dipping sauces and and delicious fortune cookie with chocolate and vanilla mousse... Oh my it was delightful!  Highly recommend this restaurant to everyone!!  Must go place!
3	Went here to grab a lil sushi and was a lil disappointed. The place is amazing inside. Very hip and chic. The ingredients were very fresh, but the presentation was what I would expect from my neighborhood sushi joint and flavors did not excite like I would have expected. That being said, we did not really explore the menu and would give them another shot.
5	Loved every dish we tried.Fabulous cocktails and phenomenal service.I will be back!
1	The food is just average at best but the service is HORRIBLE - diner quality really.  Service:  The server acted like he was doing me a favor by waiting on me. He would drop food off and go.  Never asked how anything was or if I needed something. Didn't clean off finished / dirty dishes. Food:  the appetizers that people raved about on here weren't on the menu, my broiled snapper arrived way too fast and barely warm. I suspect it was precooked and heated slightly before it arrived in front of me. And the taste?  If I wasn't starving I would have sent it back.  No fortune cookie either. Just another lousy chain with bad service.
5	Amazing food, our waiter was fantastic and the manager we talked to was great. Only negative was the hostesses who were fairly rude. Would recommend to anyone heading to Vegas. Chinese sausage was divine and the drinks were delicious.Quick entry to the night club after dinner was a big plus.
5	Best sushi we've ever had. Atmosphere, food and the waiter (Sam) were AMAZING. Because we ate there we got free entrance into the night club afterwards, which was also amazing. I usually hate sushi, but this sushi was very smooth and exceeded all of my expectations. Everyone I was with said that my sushi expectations are going to be extremely high after eating at Tao. Thanks for a great night!!!
1	The food is average at the best, especially for the price.  Between myself and my party we had the ribeye steak, kung pow chicken,  fried rice with pork, and the sea bass. The sea bass was the only thing good...oh and donuts dessert was Horrible!... I can't believe how many people give this place such a high rating.
2	Checked in for our 10pm reservation. Were finally seated by 10:35pm. They sat us at a table that didn't fit our group. When someone in our group inquired about the available booth, they should have said no, you have too many people. Instead we were squished in like sardines. Menu is very limited, quality nothing to write home about. They gave us all sticky forks, and we had to ask for new ones. Service was average. Atmosphere was mostly watching people walk up to the club.  There are better places with similar cuisine in Vegas.Did not meet expectations.
5	Visited on 4.13.14I LOVE TAO!The atmosphere was great, the food was delicious and the service was top notch!We had a reservation and were seated promptly. Our waiter was very friendly and I liked that he gave us many options on what tasted best. We ordered 7 different plates to share between my group of 6 and it was more than enough food! All the plates were mouth watering good! The real stars of the course was the kung pao chicken, toro toro roll and the roast pork lo mein.. so good! The lychee martini was so refreshing that I had to order 1 more! I would totally come back to dine here again.P.S. the sake portions here are HUGE!!
4	This place was amazing the decor and the atmosphere, it had a lot of energy the food and service was top notch. There is a nightclub also in the the place it appears to be one of the hottest spots on the Vegas strip we had a wonderful time this is a keeper.
4	The best item to order isn't even on the menu: the tasting menu.  I didn't know about this secret the first time I ate there and had wound up ordering the sea bass, which I found to be overly hyped.  The tasting menu consists of a multi-course meal of items selected by the chef depending on your food preferences and your price point ($60-$120 per person).  If you're in town for a short time and don't see yourself visiting again any time soon, the tasting menu is what to request!
5	The BEST food I've ever had in Vegas.I got a sushi roll (was advised against anything with salmon in it by our waiter) & it was divine. Just enough for me. My boyfriend got the Thai peanut sauce shrimp & it was AMAZING. Light, delicate, spicy, lemongrass....i still dream of it!! We also split tempura scallops which was $10 for 2 (our waiter kindly advised us) & delicious.Our friends also loved their food, including sushi rolls. People devoured the short ribs.Our waiter communicated well with us as the sushi was made in one spot & other food in the kitchen. The waiter felt the ribs wouldn't be enough for 2 people but our friends got stuffed & ended up sharing.We also got a free desert (with naughty fortunes) for our friends birthday.Everyone was SHOCKED by how much we actually paid - it seemed so little for the quality!!!PROS: Selection, food, waitstaff, speed, decorCONS: the guys next to us trying to hit on every girl that would sit down.PROTIP: apparently the bathrooms aren't labeled....
5	Went for dinner before a show. Food and drinks were great. Service was good. If you're in the area, just go. Stand in line if you have to. Just go.
3	Ok here we go.... Things to consider on this review:This is a restaurant that claims to be one of the finest Asian Fusion bistro in the US so I should be rated accordingly since they are charging you accordingly.Looks: the place is beautiful, ambiance is perfect, they get a 10 hereService: started good, I was greeted and assigned a table right away, restaurant was near full, once I sat it took 15 min for my waiter just to show and every time I wanted a drink I had to wait much lore than usual just for him to get my order, once ordered the drink came fast, so it was my waiter the cause of the delay.Food: I started with a Crispy tuna roll, it was ok, fresh good flavor but too simple, I've had much better tuna rolls in Fort WorthThen no had the ginger salmon, first I expected wild salmon not farm raised, it was well cooked though it came in pieces, one large a a couple around, not like broken but as if I got the bottom of the pile, again I am rating this restaurant accordingly to what they claim to be.. And charge. Flavor was good, i love ginger, but it was too intense, not even half through i couldn't finish it, it was too much ginger and garlic.Dessert was vanilla ice cream with apples, the apple part was old and hard to chew, the I cream was perfection.Drinks: i ordered a beer, I was surprised they brought me the beer in a aluminum bottle and not even offered a chilled glass, made me feel like a red neck Would I return ?? NO specially with all the options in Vegas.Hope this is useful !!
5	This review comes after my 3rd trip to Tao in the last year while visiting Vegas on various occasions.I made my reservations on Open Table each time.  No issues, and the restaurant called to confirm on the morning of...unusual for an Open Table reservation in my experience, but not out-of-line in my opinion.  We have never waited for our table...always when we have arrived we are immediately taken back.Food, and drinks each visit have been exceptional.  My husband has had the Hot and Sour soup with Shrimp Toast, Jasmine Rice, and the Chilean Sea Bass.  He LOVED them all.  I have tried the Orange Chicken (before I was GF), the Jasmine Rice, the Pad Thai rice noodles with chicken, and the Satay of Chicken with Peanut Sauce.  If I could get this food from home, I would be eating here once a week...without a doubt!  We have had great service on each trip with an offer of a stamp to enter the club as a VIP after it opened for the night (bypassing the line, and the cover).  The Club is a different review, but also a definite must-see at least once while in Vegas.HINT:  To address the "which is which" that people seem to have trouble with at the bathrooms entry... there is a statue outside each door.  One has boobs, and one has a penis.  This seems pretty self-explanatory to me, and I figured it out for myself on my first visit, after a few drinks.  Seems like it shouldnt be such a big question?
4	Outstanding food quality and customer service by the waiter.
3	we went late so we could get into the club for free. i like the restaurant better than the club. but it was loud and busy. definitely loud on a weekend night. our server was not very attentive but it was very busy. the food was great. my fish just fell apart in my mouth and my buddy loved her food too. we had a great time! you are close to the other diners so... never mind! talk scandalous. what happens in vegas...
5	Not often do I give 5 stars, but the food, fun and service was exceptional. I came here because Kim K had her birthday party here and couldn't have been more happy! Shanna provide excellent service to my party of 7 and we had an amazing dinner. We dined at 6pm, so there was not too long of a wait and the host even chatted with us while we did. This customer service from host to waitresses will definitely have me bring back my service here! Also, they do professional cakes right after your dinner!
5	Loved the decor, the drinks, beautiful people, good music... wonderful experience all around
2	I stopped in here on a whim after being unable to find my original destination. I give the drinks a 4, very good, but not the best. I give the food a 2. It was edible but my pad that tasted like watered noodles. I give the atmosphere a 3. Had pretty cool decor, but was really loud and unpleasant for me. Couldn't really carry on a conversation. The fortune cookie was tasty but the fortunes are terrible attempts at dirty humor. I give the service a 3. My boyfriend had a soar wrist and wanted a fork. 5 minutes later he gave up and ate with a spoon. Eventually he did get his fork. I pretty much sat drink - less for the 2nd half of my meal. But I know the staff has a lot to do here so I'll do my best not to be a bitch. I would give this place a 3, but after 2 drinks and 2 entrees I ended up paying 100 dollars. I have to say being completely overpriced has costed a star in my review.
3	Oh, TAO - I so badly wanted to give you 5 stars, but your over-hyped restaurant had some sever issues we need to address. 3 out of 5 stars for delicious food but terrible customer service. Word to the wise: TAO = a place where the customer is always wrong.Here's the skinny: we dined 11 deep Saturday evening while in town celebrating my 32nd birthday. It's Memorial Day weekend and expected to be a madhouse in Vegas, so I made every precaution to secure reservations, be on time for said reservations and ensure my entire party was on time with me. I may not be Kim Kardashian, but perhaps the manager failed to note that my reservation was made by someone who works directly with them and asked for my party to be taken care of. I'm also assuming they didn't know that I am a celebrity publicist in LA and have sent numerous clients to spend thousands of dollars at their establishment. Maybe if this was noted my party would have received better service. Food: my boyfriend and I split the chicken dumplings, the spicy yellowtail sushi roll and the chicken pad thai. More than enough food! The pad thai seemed to be in a never-ending bowl! It alone would have fed the 2 of us easily. The dumplings were the best choice out of our order. Fresh, steamed and flavorful. I only wish there were more in an order! The roll was good, but nothing special. My friend had the BBQ pork and it was phenomenal. I'd look into that if BBQ meats are your thing. The pad thai was pretty standard. It was also good but nothing to write home about. Nonetheless, I was pleased with the overall good experience. The crowning glory was the giant fortune cookie that was sent out for my birthday (it is filled with both vanilla and chocolate cream - oh hey ying yang!) - which was the only good move by the restaurant the entire meal.The service: this is where things get rough. We sat down for our 8:30pm reservation around 8:45pm. We didn't mind the 15 minute wait. We're a large party and it's Saturday night - reservations can take some time. I get it. We sat down and didn't see a waitress for nearly 20 minutes. When she finally came by the table she took our drink order and bounced for another 20 minutes or so. My friend asked for an iced tea that 40 minutes later had never made it's way to the table. When we asked about it, the waitress took another 15 minutes to bring it claiming that they had to "brew a new pot". Ok. Then when we were an hour and a half into our dinner order waiting for more beverages the waitress was M.I.A. We finally called over the manager and asked if we could please get some drinks (one of which had already been ordered and never brought to the table). His response was "what? Are you trying to get something free out of this?". I'm sorry? No. We are trying to get our drinks and spend more money in your establishment. Wow. The next epic failure of this restaurant/nightclub comes from the security guard/staff. My boyfriend got up from the table to take a work related call. It was noisy inside so he stepped outside to take it. When he came back in a security guard grabbed him by his shirt and said "where do you think you're going?! Get in line!" To which my boyfriend responded - "I've been sitting with a table of 11 for nearly 2 hours. I just stepped outside to take a call." The guard then responded "yeah right" and grabbed him by his shirt collar. When he turned around to radio someone my boyfriend just yanked himself free and walked inside. The final straw was when the waitress asked if we'd like to divide the tab. We said yes and tried to be fair by making a few groups so as not to create 11 separate checks for her. Tik-tok - 1 hour later (literally) she plopped down the checks with a look of irritation and left. Total time in restaurant (due to slow service) - 3.5 hours!! It was nearly midnight when we finally left!The club was hopping but we were not interested in that. We just wanted a nice dinner in what seemed to be only a mildly busy restaurant. A party of 11 would have left a much bigger tip had the service been respectable. I get that everyone wants to dine here, but that doesn't mean you have to stop creating a great customer experience for those choosing your restaurant. There are MANY other options.
3	After eating here a couple time this last experience was lack luster. The beef tarter rolls were so disgusting we didn't even eat more than 2 bites. It was slightly warm, mushy, and the texture made my skin crawl. The signature sea bass is why I usually like coming to eat here and it's been always great in the past but the combination duck fried rice was hard and seemed like it had been sitting out. The fried whole fish was pretty good, I ate everything from the tail to the eyeball and was pretty pleased with it. The duck rolls were bland and our lobster rolls were tasteless and chewy which wasn't good at all. During this last dinner at Tao we ordered $240.00 worth of food between the 2 of us and was only happy with the snapper, miso soup and sea bass. The appetizers were all a disappointment and even our 4 drinks weren't made to our liking.  Although I've had a good experience at Tao before, this last one wasn't good at all. Not sure if we will return again but who knows what will happen while in Vegas right?
2	I wish I had gone to PF Chang instead (for an Asian, that's already a big compromise)The interior design was cool, hmmm, I think that's the only I appreciated while dining there. The food? Hmmmm, I have to be picky when it comes to Asian food, especially Asian Fusion. But this is beyond my tolerance: I never had such overpriced and terrible Asian/American in my whole life.My bf ordered Kung Pao chicken and I ordered Salmon sashimi special...When the waiter brought them over, we were like....THAT'S ALL??? Salmon Sashimi($16): It's literally four slices of Salmon with some guacamole underneath. Kung Pao Chicken ($29): it's a small bowl of rice, with some sweet n sour chicken around it, and some chopped onions and bell pepper. YUP, THAT'S ALL.UM, THAT'S ALL. WE WERE SPEECHLESS.
2	Pretty much all you need to do as a white person to determine if an Asian or Asian fusion type restaurant is worthwhile is to simply glance around the room at your fellow restaurant goers. Are they mostly Asian? If so, the food will be delicious at an appropriate dollar-per-dollar rate. If not, you are either probably getting crappy take out or are about to get food-fleeced.Don't get me wrong: the cuisine my fellow Bachelor Party-Goers and I had here, from the admirable sea bass to the wasabi crusted filet mignon was incredibly well-executed and tasty. But while I still enjoyed actually eating the meal in a flawlessly decorated room with its truly hip atmosphere, the ever-present knowledge that I could have had everything we ordered for a fraction of the price at many places in the San Gabriel Valley still sunk the experience.That's just me though. I think if you're keen on unloading a boatload of money and you also happen to want Asian food in a super-cool environment, Tao could fit the bill. If you want something that's just as special and more reasonably calibrated, price-wise, there are a ton of other places in LV you might want to visit instead.
5	I've been to Tao Las Vegas twice, and both experiences are in the top 5 best meals I've ever had. I think the key here is to get the tasting menu - basically, tell your server how much you'd like to pay per person, note any food preferences, and your server will put together a tasting menu which is perfect for groups who want to try a little bit of everything. First off all, we had incredible service. There were 5 us celebrating my friend's 30th birthday, and our server was energetic, passionate, and delivered a great experience. His manager was also phenomenal, and ended up comp'ing us with a second bottle of Perrier-Jouet champagne after he mispoured a glass. Our server (I can't remember his name) told us that $50 per person would be more than enough to get everything we wanted, and he was right about that. All in all, he brought out three courses - two rounds of appetizers and tasting plates, and one round of entrees. It felt like we tried everything on the menu, and were so stuffed by the third round. Highlights included:- Satay of Chilean sea bass with asparagus - honestly, out of this world. Melt in your mouth, incredibly flavourful. - Spicy tuna tartare on crispy rice- Crispy spicy tuna roll with avocado and soy paper - probably the best sushi I've ever tasted- Lobster wontons with shiitake ginger broth - every bite was an explosion of delicious flavourIn addition to the wonderful food and service, Tao also has a great atmosphere - beautiful decor, good music, very trendy and sleek, filled with beautiful people. Bonus is that you get free entry to Tao nightclub after dinner, though we didn't find it that great (it was crowded and not fun). Would highly recommend Tao for dinner!
4	This was our first time to Tao.  My wife and I really liked it.  The food was excellent and given that it is clearly a gourmet Asian the portion sizes were just right, the presentation of the food was very artistic and well done.  The atmosphere is very cool and hip with a great vibe going on all night there....we did go to the club afterwards and while the website shows this as a big looking club we actually found it to be a bit cramped an small for the amount of people they let in....unless you get bottle service be prepared to feel like a second class citizen....the security people are somewhat militant as one time I set my drink down to simply put on my blazer and was immediately approached that I was not allowed to set my drink there....a bit ridiculous and extreme IMHO.   We will definitely go back to the restaurant but will skip the club even if it offers free admission with our dining experience as It was not enjoyable.
5	Went to Tao about two weeks ago on the last day of my Birthday vacay in vegas. And I loved it! There's not one bad thing to say about it. The decor was really nice. Especially when you first walk in, there's these pretty tubs full of rose pedals & lit up with candles. Thought that was a classy touch. And love all the asian style decor everywhere when you get inside. And the food was delicious! I got the Shrimp Pai Thai and it was so yummy and filling. Had to take half home. I'd definitely be back there again when i return to vegas! :)
1	So if you are thinking family style, you are wrong.  The food wasn't bad. Like any other Asian place. Over priced for the portion. Would not come back. Left hungry. Oh and drinks are $4 and you don't get refills.
5	I had been to Tao before, but this time was one for the books. We had a reservation and arrived a bit early and we were seated right away. I was with my best friend so we wanted to share a bunch of items on the menu.  The staff was so friendly and they were so attentive to our needs (always filling up our water, asking if we needed anything, etc). I definitely recommend Tao to people visiting Vegas.
3	We dined with a group of 6 and really looked forward to an amazing experience since I had heard so much about their menu and incredible flavors.  When our waiter arrived he tried to explain their signature dishes as well as his personal favorites.  Everyone basically wanted a tasting menu but a couple of people had specific dietary restrictions.  That said, we all started the first course which came out with 6-7 different dishes which we shared family style.  Actually full at that moment our waiter came out with 3 large platters of rolls and sashimi.  Not knowing what to do we all started to eat it because it was a part of the "tasting menu".  Feeling very uncomfortable and more than full, our waiter said that he was coming with the dessert.  At that time we all said "please don't!"  What was supposed to be a great dining experience turned into the waiter not realizing that the tasting menu should have been changed to accommodate a normal person's appetite.  Seriously it was way too much food for 6 people and probably could have served 12.  Sorry Tao but the 3 stars are for inappropriate ordering for your guests not for flavor which by the way was amazing!!
4	Good service, great atmosphere and really tasty food. Not as overpriced as Lavo at the Palazzo and a far better experience.  Tony the waiter was a real nice guy. Did a great job.
5	First of all this is one of our favorite restaurants in vegas, whether we're just eating dinner or celebrating a special occasion.  Everything on the menu is delicous and the cocktails  hands down are some of the best that I've ever had.  Dont forget to order the giant fortune cookie for dessert, it doesnt dissapoint.
5	Went here for a bachelorette party and the food was amazing. Our server was really friendly and made great suggestions, we ordered everything he mentioned and we were not disappointed. You must try the spicy tuna tartar on crispy rice appetizer and the Miso glazed chilean sea bass entree.
5	I came to Tao as a side trip for EDC, and about half way through the meal, I felt like I came to Vegas for Tao, and EDC was just a side trip. I ate at Tao with a group of 8 people - family and friends, all a bunch of young adults in our twenties. We ordered family style (many plates in the center of the table to share), and in total, we destroyed 8 delicious dishes and a beautiful dessert smorgasbord. Every single thing we tried was delicious. I am spoiled in that my parents take me to nice places on occasion, and Tao is at the top 5 of my list of best meals I've ever eaten. One friend who ate with us said - and I quote, "This is probably the best meal I will ever eat in my life." I am going to New York this fall or winter and plan to eat at the Tao restaurant in New York with my boyfriend. You can expect to hear another review on that restaurant soon. My favorite dishes of the meal we had include: - The flavorful 28 days aged new york steak which melted in my mouth- The miso glazed Chilean Sea Bass which tasted like it was injected with the best sauce ever created. Every bite gave you a gush of flavor, and it was cooked just right.- The Crispy Tuna Sashimi Roll with Edamame which came with a not-too-spicy wasabi dipping sauce.- The delicious mixed sashimi platter which had a wide variety of sashimi including fatty tuna. - The gorgeous display of desserts (also ordered family style) which came with a hilarious and delicious giant fortune cookie and sweet dipping cream. The fortunes were Vegas-themed and made us laugh. The atmosphere was nice and our server, Jeffery, was amazing. He always came at the right time, promptly filled our glasses, and was extremely helpful with the ordering process. He was absolutely hilarious, and super friendly. His language is what puts him over the top. The way he described the food as we were ordering was something from a movie or commercial. He used 2-3 descriptive - and one would even say seductive - adjectives for each dish. It's hard not to order them when he describes them that way. My brother put it best when he asked Jeffery, "Could you please describe the food to me like that as I'm eating it?" About a quarter of the way into our meal, the manager even came out to make sure we were all enjoying our food. All in all, it was a perfect dinner, and a fantastic way to start our crazy night at the Electric Daisy Carnival.
5	Every time I'm in Vegas I stop here for dinner at least once, great service it's beautifully decorated and I love the Kobe beef!
3	Dinner was good. Service was good. Went to nightclub for free for being dibner guest. Good atmosphere.
5	Incredible service! Mike was such a great server. He had great suggestions, and was very attentive. The atmosphere is great, and I highly recommend the STS Roll.
3	I come to Tao each time I am in Vegas. The food is always great. I'm giving 3 stars based on experience this time around. We had a great dinner. Food was wonderful and the lychee martini was right on point. After dinner, we should get stamped to enter Tao Nightclub.... No one ever came up to us for a stamp. We walked up to the front desk and they directed us to the bouncer in front to get stamped. I came up to him letting him know we just finished dinner and didn't receive our stamp, his response was to get in line. I told him we just stepped out of dinner and were told to come up to him... "Did you hear what I said, you need to get in line. You are not going to cut all these people. " I was in shock. How can someone reply that way? Raising his voice at me.. With attitude.... I am not 13 trying to sneak into a club. Nevertheless, I wasn't about to stand in a line that wrapped around the floor AND deal with his attitude again. Extremely disappointed. An experience like this reunited my view on Tao.
3	Group of 5 ladies, came here on a Saturday night during the 4th of July holiday. First of all, the hostess with the blonde hair and orange dress was a total petty bitch and did not want to seat us. Had us waiting for over an hour for a table when we saw several open. We would have at least ordered drinks and  appetizers but there was no service in the waiting area. The waiting area was blaring with loud EDM music, not at all conducive for dinner or lounge talk and definitely scared us a bit thinking that the club would be the same. Meanwhile, troops of people with questionable attractiveness and boldly comfortable physiques would trapes in every few minutes heading over to the nightclub area. We were already on the guestlist for the party but having had good history with their sister company, Lavo, we wanted to try the food first,  but in these moments, both the dinner and club scene here were so off putting. The night started off quite weak. Once we were seated, after 12, finally the service came pouring in. At least 3 or 4 servers came to our table to excuse the slackness and eager to be of service. Nice view of the big Buddha statue in the center. Food was decent, we enjoyed the pan fried chicken gyoza, the lobster wontons and the rock shrimp lettuce cups were ok, we kind of got full off of just appetizers cause again, large portions. My cousins miso sea bass entree was good. Strong miso flavor, but if you're cool with that, its good. Big portion of chicken pad thai by someone else. I dont like pad thai or peanut tastes so i didnt taste it but she enjoyed. Looked big and fresh. I split the shrimp, lobster, scallop in bean sauce entree with someone else because it sounded big and also to cut costs and have more things on the table to taste. Was really looking forward to it, it has all of my favorite meaty chewy seafoods. It was shockingly bad, dont know if there was an error made in the sauce recipe, but I have had plenty of similar dishes in the past, never have any been half as bad, and it came highly recommended by the waiter and was amongst the most expensive so we were surprised that it was so bitter. The table tasted and agreed that the sauce had an unpleasant taste. The waiter took it off of our bill gracefully and we left a great tip in exchange. In this moment, the great service that we are accustomed to from Lavo, was thankfully shining through here at Tao as well. A nice chick came to our table to stamp us and set us up for the complimentary club access. As I said before, we were already on the guestlist so didnt need it, but its nice that they have that additional incentive for dining there, as Lavo used to do. Will continue nightclub review in other yelp page.
4	Hostess could use a lil help with customer service, other than that the waiter was great, definitely made up for the hostess lack of customer service.  The ambiance is hip and music is loud.  Good place to hang out for birthday, bachelor, bachelorette or girls/guys night out.  Food is really good.  My favs are the sea bass, Kobe beef  sashimi and anything on the sushi menu.
2	Service was good (our server waa attentive)  the food was just OK - nothing special.  I wouldn't recommend...
1	We went here last night with a birthday party of 14. We arrived early but had to wait 45 minutes after our reservation to be seated which really made a lot of us cranky and frustrated.  When they sat us on the main floor we noticed an empty elevated long table section near us that was totally empty and could have accommodated us. The energy of the birthday girl was off at this point but we tried to cheer up the mood. We ordered the $75 per person family style menu because everyone was so hungry and agitated we knew if we all ordered individually it would further throw the party into a black hole.  Some guests were just saying bring out food, anything will do. The line for the night club portion was piling up and packing the staircase which was horrible because it became a major task just to get to the restroom on the 2nd floor.  Security initially told the girls that was the only one while we were initially waiting to be seated so we did not know any better that there was a restroom on the main floor. A girl came around and stamped our wrists and told us this is to get into the club upstairs after we finish dinner which seemed like a cool option that the restaurant seemed to give patrons and we decided that we would stay for the club after dinner instead of hesding out to Ballagio.  This later became a ridiculous ordeal because as we went up the packed staircase with our entire party the bouncer at the top stated that the stamp now did not give us admission but got us past the line outside. He told us to all go to the front door. The look of disgust on the birthday girls face summed it up and trying to patronize the place further would just lead to further aggravation. The only reason I gave this place one star is because the food was really good but I can't be really sure because when you are starving anything tastes good and some of the girls last meal was around noon so we were pretty hungry.
1	They may say Tao is meant to be a spiritual dining experience, but after our terrible night there I was closer to wrathful sin than enlightenment. I made a reservation at Tao for the second anniversary of the first date I had with my girlfriend. We came all the way to Vegas from San Diego, and we were curious about Tao's because of the interesting decor etc. Quite literally the moment we arrived the atmosphere became oppressive. Our biggest concern and the truly unforgivable factor in this ordeal was that the very second we arrived, there was a security guard playing on his phone who for some reason or other determined we were criminals of some sort.. He was large, Caucasian, and messy haired (I only write this in the hopes that the management will read this review at some point and give him a stern talking to), this lummox of a man took one look at us and apparently instantly decided we were up to no good. I have no idea why, we were a young couple, well dressed, happily chatting etc. He didn't take his eyes off of us for the entire night, he followed us when we went to the host to claim our reservation (which just FYI took about ten minutes or so after our reservation time), he followed us to our seats, glowering the whole time. He checked in on us every now and again, just standing a bit away from us trying (and failing) not to be obvious about it. When we had eaten and we started to head out he was coming back to check on us again, the moment he saw us he turned back around and started speaking into what I assume was an earpiece. Not subtle at all... My girlfriend at this point was incredibly upset; she didn't know if he was sizing us up as criminals, drooling over her (she is very attractive), or if he thought her mid length skirt was a sign she was a hooker or something (no way...her outfit was very tasteful). Either way she walked straight out. I however walked up to our forboding shadow and asked if there was a problem and why he had been glowering at us all night. He responded with "Oh its just... Nothing..." and looked away. Very nice, Tao... Treat your patrons like criminals and then halfheartedly try to cover it up with lies... But that aside on to the restaurant itself. The atmosphere at Tao is admittedly very nice, trendy music playing constantly beats like the pounding heart of the restaurant. Clumsy Asian inspired art does its job in setting an oriental-fusion mood for the dining hall, watched over by a giant Buddha, overdone but altogether nicely set. Unfortunately the atmosphere is the best part of the restaurant. We had two people help us with our meal, a bus boy who was obviously better trained than any other member of their staff came, introduced himself, welcomed us to the restaurant and got us some water in a cordial yet amiable manner. I wish I had a better memory for names because if I could single him out for the managers I'd say he deserved a promotion.Our actual waiter on the other hand never even bothered introducing himself, he was rushed and a bit curt if I'm being honest. but he did take our orders and get our food to us so there's that much... In his defense he did seem to have a full load in his section but it was still off-putting, that he didn't even say "Hi", just "So what can I get for you folks tonight"... The food itself was well... okay... I mean it was nice, don't misunderstand, it was good food. Just not great, definitely not worth what they asked for. I had the Crispy Thai Pork which almost seemed like it came out of a frozen meal package, and my lady had Spicy Chicken which oddly enough was less spicy than my dish, in fact the chicken itself was rather bland. So the food was a bit of a let down too. They were also out of most of my favorite beers, Tiger, Sapporo etc. so I settled for a warm Kirin out of the bottle. Not much to say other than well, warm beer. All in all I sadly have to warm away anyone who actually wants to have a good time in Vegas. Tao is rife with ridiculously bad staff and disappointing food. Do not ruin your evenings as we did by frequenting this travesty of a restaurant.Boy I wish we had just ordered Room Service...
4	Good Asian Fusion in a terrific setting within Venetian. Check out the pipes along the wall and the decorative artwork, then enjoy a top-notch meal. Get ion before the crowds show up and have a leisurely batch of small plates to share around the table.
5	Food and service was phenomenal! Loved the short ribs, the tempura scallops were the best I've ever had. Prepare to wait unless you have a reservation. It's pretty loud in there but to be expected you are in Vegas :)
4	Food was really really good, really expensive tho, but thats what you can kinda expect at a place like this. One of the best asian themed restaurants on the las vegas strip. Make sure to get dessert
5	Great ambiance! Food was exceptional! The service was... unique. When our server approached drinking from a beer bottle, I thought our he was another guest coming to socialize. While I was a little taken aback, he really knew that menu, though. He was very helpful & informative, but had tendencies to give TMI on his personal life. Overall, this was the best service we had experienced throughout our Vegas trip!
4	I forgot to give this place a review, oops. But hi.Back in March, I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary dinner and we both loved the atmosphere. A bit too dark and noisy, but that's to be expected. The food was okay, but not WHOA WOW HOLY CRAP WHERE HAS THIS BEEN ALL MY LIFE kind of feeling. Me and my boyfriend specifically remember our waiter's name, Lars, because he really was probably the best server we've met. He gave us a complimentary fortune cookie thing that was the size of my head with fruits on the side when we told him we chose this place to have our anniversary dinner. So Lars, if you're reading this and still working there, you're amazing man.
5	The restaurant is beautiful with great ambiance! The wait staff are some of the best in the country!  The food is incredible!  My God, what more could you ask for? I will return over and over again every time I visit Las Vegas.  I think you should too!
2	Ummmm... YUCK! My food was disgusting and $38 a plate. I swear to you I've had better chinese food at the mall for $8.  I'm giving them two stars because it's not their fault, it's mine. I had been warned that their food was pretty bad and I went anyway. I deserved that plastic tasting chicken.
5	This past weekend I had home to Vegas with my friends and then I met this amazing guy there and he wanted to take me to dinner... He said I'll look for something and looked at the reviews on yelp and made reservations! As soon as we walked in I could tell he was really into making an impression because the decor was stunning!  The atmosphere was elegant and sophisticated. Our server was amazing and patient.  We sat down and started the whole first date questions and every time our server would come we would me so wrapped up in our conversation we would forget to order lol.  But our server was more than happy to come back every time. The food was amazing, my date said he didn't like salmon because it was too fishy but he has a taste of my plate and was so amazed.  The sauces were amazing and I have tried salmon every where and this was definitely in my top 3!!  Go here is you want a great dinner and time away from the whole party scene for a while.  It's so great!
5	AMAZING! My favorite meal of our trip! Service was spot on. I started out with the Temple salad and my husband the egg rolls. Both were phenomenal! During our stay I had salmon on 3 different nights.. Tao was the best! My husband had Filet mignon pepper steak and the steak melted in your mouth. For dessert we had ice cream and chocolate spring rolls... again.. delicious! And the fortunes are my favorite. I never tried Tao in NY, but now I am going too! Thank you Tao for an amazing meal!!
3	Atmosphere:5/5. Food taste:5/5. Proportions :1/5. Portions very, very small for the price.
1	Seriously?!? I was so unimpressed with the food here. I would rather eat at P.F Changs than come back to Tao. Yes its a beautiful restaurant, but the food is just too salty, un original, expensive. There are soo many places in Vegas, this is my least favorite place.
2	Very disappointed. Tao was recommended to us by multiple people and I thought that it had a good reputation so we decided to try it for our last night in Vegas. The service and food was not quality at all. Another review said pf changs was better and it is sad to say but true. The service was not on the level of other restaurants that we went to when here- server was not that helpful in helping to pick what to order, didn't come back to get our entree order until after apps arrived- we felt that we were bothering her by being there. The food was nothing special. Very disappointed- we hope it was just an off night for the restaurant.
4	We had a truly fantastic dining experience here until the very end.( I will get to that point in a minute. ) We were sat right next to the big Buddha which made for a fun dining experience. Our waitress was fantastic and everything was spot on. My girlfriend and I ordered a round of Sushi and split one of their small plate entrees of the sea bass. We liked everything so much, we ordered a second round. We truly enjoyed our experience at Tao!!!!!!!The only negative: We were there at about 10:30 pm and as we were finishing, we were asked if we were interested in going up to the nightclub. We said sure and they stamped our hands. When we walked up, the guy told us we still needed to go outside and stand in line . . . even though we had dined there. I thought for sure I misunderstood, so asked him again and he was extremely rude. At that point I asked the hostess and she showed us the line. Sorry Tao . . . we had better things to do than stand in your line after we just dined at your restaurant. So . . . off to the next place!!! Way to take an enjoyable experience to a ticked off experience in a matter of minutes.
3	I am usually NOT the one to write bad reviews but this place only deserves 3 stars because their food was actually pretty tasty. Let me start off with how crazy pack and loud this place was, I thought I was inside the club already. We had reservations & we still waited about 25 min to get seated & did not get out drink order till another 15 min or so. Finally after 30 min we got to order our food which also took another 20 min to come out. Our waitress only checked on us like once & service just sucked overall. I will never go back to this place again.
5	By far, this was the BEST experience I have ever had at a restaurant. From the ambiance to the food-- but most of all to the service. Our waiter Josh was outstanding. It was our friend's 30th birthday, and we wanted to make it special. But we had no idea what to order. After asking a few questions, he surprised us with course after course of FANTASTIC food. He knew what we wanted as if we had been friends with him for ages. More importantly, he believed in what he was serving. Because of his passion for what he was doing and for the food he was serving, it became contagious. WE LOVED JOSH! Josh if you are reading this, THANK YOU for making our experience one of the best experiences we had in our trip to Vegas.
1	One of Japanese sushi chef was so embarrassing.. The way he talks makes us want to leave the restaurant.Very dissapointing management.Food was just ok. Another salty Asian dish you can eat anywhere. I would not come back for this service and the food.
4	Food and presentation were great! Service could have been better. I feel the restaurant is just too busy and the staff can't keep up. We really waited a long time for food and even for refills of water.
5	This place is absolutely beautiful. There's a huge lot up bar with a lounge area when you enter and the restaurant is just immense. Make a reservation if you're going with a group and ask to be seated near the huge Buddha; it makes for some great photos. I was with a large group and tried a bit of everyone's dish so I think it's safe to say that everything is delicious here. My favorite is the pad thai. A bit pricey but what isn't pricey in Vegas? This is the place to be for dinner.
1	If I could give no star I would but the service made my night. We make a reservation at 10:30 and she told us that it would take 5 minutes. That 5 became 10 then 15 then 5, we sat at 11:45 yeah i was so upset and disappointed we had Josh as our waiter and kinda make it up for it very nice and took time with us But in general I would never go back very trashy too not worth my money
4	I had a pretty good experience at Tao, and would recommend people check it out. I'd maybe give it 3.75 stars.  Here's a random collection of thoughts:Service: my waitress was cheerful and pretty cool. The people at the front, however, along with the reservations girl, were aloof in the "too-cool-for-school" kind of way. Also, this place doesn't give current wait time if you call and ask them, which is unnerving (is this a problem specific to Vegas?).Atmosphere: 5/5. This is where Tao earns its stripes. It is a truly beautiful restaurant, with a big golden Buddha resting in the center of the restaurant, framed by lots of red booths and dark lighting. Think of it as a PF Chang's on steroids. Beautiful inside!Food: Nothing to write home about, about on the level of PF Chang's, but still pretty good. I tried their Orange Chicken ($28), with white Jasmine rice ($5), and it was fairly tasty (though I wasn't blown away). I also had the vegetable egg rolls ($12), and those were pretty good as well, but again not mind-blowing. Story 1: I came here alone (I was in the area on business), so I kinda felt like the guy in forgetting Sarah Marshall who comes to the restaurant, where Jonah Hill says "aw dude, you came alone? Do you want a magazine or something?"Story 2: Also, I ran into multi-billionaire, and Venetian owner, Sheldon Adelson right by this place. I looked him right in the eye, he looked me in the eye. And then he looked away, and I felt poor.
4	I always overlooked the fact that Tao was a restaurant as well as a nightclub. Hard to imagine dining at a place where I've seen girls drunkenly run around barefoot at 2am.Prior to coming in, I of course had to check yelp for pictures and reviews. I was sad to find that the salmon served with udon noodles was no longer available. Also, the menu seems all sorts of confused, but I had to remind myself it's an Asian bistro... Meaning fusion; and it definitely was. They serve everything ranging from Japanese shabu to Chinese dim sum to Thai pad Thai noodles. A friend of mine insisted that we had to eat here because she never leaves Vegas without eating here at least once. Why? Because he's obsessed with:Chilean Sea Bass ($39) miso-glazed sea bass on top of a bed of veggies. Just a little sweet and all sorts of delicious. My friend did not steer me wrong. Portion was perfect and I left happy that I wasn't stuffed and excited I had room for dessert :)
3	I was here on Tuesday night - around 10 pm.  The food was okay, ordered a pad thai while the hubs ordered pepper steak. Drinks were strong worth the money. My only disappointment was that our server NEVER came by to ask how everything was and or of we needed anything.
2	It kills me to write this review. This is maybe the most disappointing dining experience I've ever had in Las Vegas. I brought a group of 11 here last Thursday night. Our waiter's name was Bobby. He strongly suggested a pre-fixe menu due to the size of our party - it would come with appetizers, main dishes and dessert for $60 a person (pre-fixe means we have no choice in what gets brought to out table, FYI).So after we agree to the dinner, the appetizers made it out in about 20 minutes; and honestly, they were great. Fried pork buns, spring rolls, short ribs, some kind of seafood dumplings and three rolls of sushi. Our table of 11 seemed satisfied with the amount of food we received for the first course. Also, I thought all of it was delicious. Unfortunately, this is where our fun ended. About an hour later, our waiter comes to our table for the FIRST time since our appetizers were dropped off and asked if we were ready for dessert. We said, "Ummm, we'd like our dinner first!". He acted shocked that we hadn't eaten yet. He left, came back a minute later and said that all of our food was delivered to another table accidentally and that he'd have a new round of food brought to us very quickly, maybe 10 minutes. Well, 20 minutes later, we started to get upset. I told Bobby that we had been waiting too long for our dinner. He tried to claim we had only been waiting 45 minutes, including the mistake. But I disagreed and he got a little upset with me. He told our table 3 minutes and our food would be out. So we waited. Again. Ten more minutes went by and I walked over to an assistant manager and asked him to please get our bill right away because we were leaving. I said we'd be happy to pay for our drinks and all the appetizers. He said that was fine. Moments later the food finally came out. But it was too late.Almost 90 minutes had passed and four people had left our party. Two minutes later, Bobby comes back to the table and announces that dessert is on the way - mind you, we didn't get any dinner. I told him to talk with his manager - we had already agreed to pay for what we consumed and we wanted to leave. He got more and more visibly upset with me and our group - he was also having words with the assistant manager after I demanded the bill.We finally got the bill and it was $327 and change. For appetizers and about 13 drinks. We tipped %15 percent, even though our service was awful; and he never gave a true apology for screwing up our dinner. What stinks, is that I was the reason my group went to dinner here! I convinced them to go - and we all had an awful experience. Even worse, literally no one from the restaurant seemed to care in the least. Seriously, even the assistant manager admitted it was a long time to wait for dinner, yet after being there for a total of 2 hours, they didn't even comp the drinks. Needless to say, I will never go there again. And 10 other people will never go again either. Its a good thing Las Vegas has so many awesome places to dine. And for that reason, you should avoid this establishment!!!
5	We went as a company on business. The service was outstanding and the food was better. If you want a meal, cocktails and a great place to visit, this will blow you away. There was not a food they served that did not please the palate.
4	This is another restaurant that I ate at while on my honeymoon.  We stayed at the Venetian and thought it looked like a fabulous place.  The restaurant itself is beautiful.  There are tubs filled with flowers as you walk in.  The decor is really pretty and there is a huge Buddah statue in the restaurant.They have a nice sized menu.  I would have given them 5 stars but there were a couple of things I found weird.  I am a vegetarian and told this to the waiter.  He helped me out by telling me what was safe to eat.  There was a side of broccoli and he told me it was made with chicken stock.  The food tasted freshly prepared (which for the price I would hope it is) so I don't really understand why the dish could not be made vegetarian as other restaurants do for me.  I ended up ordering vegetable fried rice and asked if they could add pineapple because I saw they used it in another dish.  The waiter told me he could ask but was not sure the chef would do it.  They did not as he tried to make a nice gesture and brought me some raw pineapple on the side when my rice came out.  Again, I think it is weird that the chef would be so rigid.Other than that I have to say the food was delicious.  My rice was very good.  The vegetable dumplings were so good we got a second order. The vegetable sides I was able to order were tasty.  My husband had a pepper steak dish and said other than some peppers being overwhelming was good as well.  During the reservation we were asked if we were celebrating anything so we let them know we came to Vegas to get married.  They did bring us a surprise dessert which was a great gesture.  It was a huge fortune cookie that when cracked open contained what tasted like both a chocolate and a vanilla mousse.  Whatever it was, it was adorable and tasted very nice.  I did enjoy the experience and the food and would love to eat here again next time I visit Vegas.
2	From: ChefDan the FlavorKingAs others have written, it kills me also to write this review. Two stars for the food...Atmosphere - four stars sitting near the big Buddha.Service - four stars (possibly got lucky on the waiter)ALL of the top items were sweet. Even the waiter admitted that was an issue. Squab with lettuce wraps, Spicy Tuna Tartare, Satay of Chilean Sea bass, Chinese five spice short ribs.... Us chefs know you can pander to a wider crowd by adding sugar and/or salt to your "sauce" and he did EXACTLY that and too much of it. Makes the sauces now "superficial" so to speak.SUMMARY - Frankly not much to say about it which is quite sad. We REALLY wanted it to work.
1	SKIP IT!Food was average at best, it's just another trendy restaurant that caters to people who want to be cool!I'll bet you don't find any locals in here, service is bad, food is bland, lukewarm, and wayyyyyyyy overpriced!!!SKIP IT!!!!!!!!
5	Sausage fried rice was recommended by our server, honestly sounded gross but it was one of the most memorable meals I've ever had. So flavorful. Also had the filet pepper steak and it was excellent as well. Really enjoyable experience people watching but the highlight was the food. Wasn't expecting a lot, thought Tao was all hype but its worth the visit for the sausage friend rice alone.
3	I ordered the pork pot stickers, they were very good. Also ordered hot edamame which were decent. Sushi was very good but expected. I ordered the Jordan Cabernet which was $120, about twice what it retails. I then ordered one of the most expensive items on the menu which was stir fried lobster, super salty, a little weird, should have gotten the Miso Chilean Sea Bass. The highlight was the deep friend Bread Pudding, which was one of the best desserts I have ever ever eaten. The fortune cookie dessert was not very good, looked good though. I then got a Warre's 1985 port which was amazing. I would pass on this one, way better restaurants in Vegas.
1	Tao, Tao, Tao...smh...I really want to rave about you.  My yelpers warned me you wouldn't be worth the trip.  Ok, so I went in knowing that the food would be overpriced for Asian fare...so why was I so disappointed?  This is a very popular place and I wanted to try it...but I'm still trying to figure out why the place is so popular.  1) I don't think I've ever been to a darker restaurant.  We broke out our cell phone flashlights to read the menu.2) The hostess wasn't very friendly and our waitress was just mediocre.3) I could get better Asian food at a nearby strip mall.4) The portions were ok.  5)  The pricing was just ridiculous!We were a party of 4 and we ordered the Orange Chicken, Scallops, Chilean Seabass, Coconut Shrimp, shared a Pad Thai, and Shrimp Fried Rice.  Total $236.  Smh.  Never again.  I should have listened when I was told not to go.  Oh well, it's Vegas, you gotta try everything once.  But just in case you'll listen...DON'T BOTHER WITH THIS PLACE.  I'd sooner drop $236 on the roulette table then go to this place again.Just in case you need a consolation prize...they stamp your hand for free cover for the Tao night club after you dine there.
5	Great atmosphere! My husband and I came here right after we landed in Vegas and arrived at our hotel (Venetian). Our flight was delayed and they were very amenable to delaying our reservation. The ambience is very loungy though the nightclub is upstairs which has a very different feel (you would never know though!). Our food was excellent. My husband got the coconut shrimp, I got Chilean sea bass and we shared shrimp fried rice they were all very good. But the start of the show surprisingly was the maki roll we ordered for our appetizer, crispy spicy tuna with avocado. We love sushi and this was one of the best sushi experiences we have ever had. We're considering going back for just sushi. It was so fresh and tasty. Lastly, if you eat at Tao restaurant, you get free admission into the nightclub which was a little intense for me but worth checking out! Overall great experience. Would definitely go back on my next visit to Vegas.
5	Like this place. Went there last night for a Bday celebration. The waiter CJ was great.  It's always customer service that makes the dining experience even better
4	A must try. Jewel in the bunch of restaurants in between the Venetian / Plazzo. Tried Chilean Sea Bass, very very tasty. Tried lobster dumplings again very tasty and juicy. Dessert selection is very good. Cocktails are a bit expensive side as compare to wines but they are all worth a try.Must go!!
5	The decor was nice, service was good and the miso glazed Chilean sea bass is on the top 5 most delicious things I've ever eaten list! Next time I'm in Vegas I am definitely visiting Tao again!
1	They need to change their servers. The ambience is good, food is good but the server was almost humilating and insensitive towards the guest preferences. I think they know that people will come anyway so they don't care about the customer service or involving with the guest to understand their needs. But what they fail to realize is that on an average you are paying approx. $60 per guest if not more and that for sure calls for a good customer service.They also force you to pay a minimum 20% tip by asking you to presign your check instead of letting you decide what tip you want to give based on the service. Overall, this is not a place where I would take a delegate to. Food selection is also redesigned but food was ok, as you would expect in an Asian bistro.
5	Amazing food. This is an upscale restaurant but with prices that are perfectly reasonable. There was a great selection of upscale Asian dishes.I loved the ambience, but it was extremely loud. Like much louder than I am accustomed to even when it comes to vibrant "trendy" restaurants. But overall I definitely plan to go here again.
5	Service and food is always extraordinary at Tao! I make it a point to eat here every time I visit LV. The Chilean SeaBass appy is to die for! I have never been disappointed -- worth the money!
1	I have no idea what people are seeing in this restaurant.  This place is like a mediocre P.F. Chang's you wait twice as long and pay twice as much for.  There are too many amazing restaurants in Vegas to waste your time here. Turn around and head out, do not pass Go and save your $200.  Seriously, if you have any sort of culinary expectations look for another option.  If you're looking for naked girls in bathtubs, this may be your place (although, no girls in the bathtubs the night we came). A group of co-workers were all here for a conference and decided to try this place out since we were staying at the Venetian.  We made a reservation for 8:30 and when we arrived were told we would be seated 'in a few moments' 40 minutes later (and a few times getting the run around by the guy in charge of seating), we finally got to a table.   Tao highlights the modern Asian fusion movement on their menu.  Unfortunately they also have tried to mask their lack of flavor in dishes by making them overly salty or overly sweet.  This makes everything taste like it's a microwave dinner or some sort of bad Chinese takeout.  We tried the Thai Crabcakes (WAY too much sauce that was overly sweet with very little spice element, kinda tasted like one you can buy out of a bottle), Hot and Sour Soup (decent, but the shrimp toast was the highlight), Crispy Pork Bao Buns (The pork was again WAY too sweet and the bun had too much dough to pork ratio, this was barely edible),  Crispy Orange chicken (another overly sweet dish that was deemed not even as good as Chinese takeout), Kobe Ribeye (NO way this is real Kobe, despite assurances from our server. It was tough and hard to cut, we had real Kobe at Gordon Ramsey's the next night and there was no comparison) and a few sushi/sashimi rolls (decent, but the rice wasn't well flavored. We had better sushi at the buffet). Our waiter was very nice and attentive, but there were certain elements of dishes that were left off (rice for the Orange Chicken, asked for sauce on the side for a couple dishes that wasn't done).  All in all a truly regrettable experience from start to finish. Their fortunes for their cookies were pretty funny though.
3	Tao Asian Bistro is a trendy, OVERPRICED version of PF Chang's located in the Venetian Hotel. At first glance, Tao's eastern Buddhist inspired atmosphere was inviting, warm, and unique despite the men in black that guarded the entrance. Even on a Tuesday night, the dining room was almost full with late 20s- 30s casual business class patrons. Our host and waiter were efficient though and we were seated right away. So, 4 stars for the ambience and courteous staff!!Food: We ordered a spicy tuna avocado roll and Singaporean noodle paired with tap water, of course. The spicy tuna avocado roll was good, but nothing spectacular for its $17 price tag. The Singaporean noodle ($26! oh shit! ka-ching!) was dry, cold, and boasted of flavors from the far-east...just kidding, more like flavors from the Costco frozen aisle. Since it was my bff's birthday, they gave us a delicious complimentary dessert, which was the best part of the meal...and i would come back here just for that. The dessert was creatively presented as a giant fortune cookie, decked with a lining of chocolate almonds atop a bed of vanilla and chocolate mouse and surrounded by fresh fruits. The "fortune cookie" is really a crunchy crepe, which was not too sweet and just the right price (free!). We were definitely disappointed with this meal overall, but still had an awesome time because the crowd and waiters were fun! If you want to dress up, but not to the fancy extent of Picasso or Joel Robunchon (umm...completely different price range lol), you might want to check this place out. We might try this place again, but next time opt for their entrees instead.
4	The Tao Asian Bistro at the Venetian is basically an very upscale P.F. Changs when it comes to the quality of food here. In general the benefit of eating here is that it gets you quick and free access to the Tao night club at the Venetian. With a drink or two a piece dinner will run you about $70 per head. Again not bad for the Las Vegas strip and the fact you get into the club. Otherwise the food is ok.
4	I went here for my birthday dinner this last Saturday and it was such a great experience.The staff was so friendly and everyone was attentive and the food was great! I also loved the fun and lively atmosphere since Tao is my favorite nightclub in Vega I was excited to finally have a dinner there and it was great.The server even surprised me with a huge birthday dessert of a fortune cookie and it was so yummy!Definitely would go back again!
1	I don't get it. We had a reservation for 9:45pm and after inquiring several times, finally got seated at 10:30 pm. So, I thought, this must be amazing food! The food here was no better than your average Pei Wei/PF Changs. $13/a small bowl (less than 2 cups) of vegetable rice is outrageous. We ordered scallops, Sea Bass $39, Orange chicken $28, and coconut shrimp for 4 of us. My husband and I had green tea and the other couple had one drink each. The Sea Bass and the shrimp were the better of the four dishes, in my opinion. The scallops were large, there were 4. They were soaked in a curry sauce, which I did not care for. The service was just o k, although the server said one dish of rice would be plenty, but after each one of us had 2-3 tablespoons, another dish was ordered (another $13)f The bill was probably $230 including tip.The worst of all was the noise level. There were bunches of girls in short dresses with 6 inch heels scampering upstairs to the nightclub at $60 a head. The noise, oh the noise! We had to sit in silence while eating because the music level and the bass was so incredibly deafening, we could not hear anything but bass.  By the time we were done with dinner, I had a horrible headache. If you don't need to worry about how much you spend, and you like very trendy, loud restaurants with mediocre food and naked girls in bathtubs, then this place is for you!
3	Came here for my birthday dinner and it wasn't as special as I thought it was gonna be, just another overpriced restaurant with mediocre food, it just wasn't worth it, the duck fried rice was decent at best the sushi below average and the ambience was cool and that's about it, nothing spectacular.
3	Place is a bit loud. The menu is too confusing and the service left much to be desired.
5	Tao is the best place in Vegas ! The flavors are unmatched ! Every single dish we ordered from the hamachi with truffle sauce to the biggest fortune cookie and banana pudding was amazing. Hands down the best place to eat in Vegas
2	This place, to me was 1/2 a step up from PF Chang's. Our food came out cold; they packed as many people as they could fit in the restaurant; it was loud and very pretentious. I won't be going back.Great beer choices though; Lucky Buddha was crisp and light.
5	Really great decor and indicative of a great Vegas dining experience!! This was my 6th time here, but I never left a review before. Things I've tried here are: Sushi rolls (Great), Flamingo Roll (Good), Sea Bass (Great) Wasabi encrusted Filet (Good), Tuna Tartar on crispy rice (Amazing). It's the desserts that were killer; Mochi Ice Cream (Great) and a bread Pudding that had a Carmel sauce that was off the hook - WOW! (we joked that it must have cocaine in it it was so great!). The key is to get a reservation and come early for dinner.
5	Excellent service and obviously, the food was spectacular. Our waiter answered all questions and was extremely knowledgable of almost every menu item.
4	I booked an 8:30pm reservation several months ago when I planned my trip to Vegas. We were not seated until almost 10:00pm. The ambience and decor of the restaurant is spectacular. The Chilean sea bass was probably the best fish I have ever had. I would have given 5 stars but over an hour wait with a reservation is ridiculous.
4	`Amazing food and service. Their dumplings, sushi were yum. Cocktails are super good but expensive. The highlight was the dessert. The fortune cookie with dark and white chocolate mousse was the best . Next time, would probably start with the dessert course :)Also, before entering , just pay attention to the happy hour offers.These are typically posted outside the place, at the forum shops. You will have to text to a particular number to get coupons:- buy one get one cocktail free...
2	Sushi was card board thickness and at $5+ per piece I think that was kinda expensive for what I received.   The place was hopping so I assume we are all idiots for spending so much $ on so little food.  I will admit even though the serving size was small the food was good.  Not good enough for the bill in my humble opinion.$47 check, paid with $100 bill and my change is 2*$20 one $10 and two singles.  Tempted to leave the $2 as the tip but I am not that much of an asshole.  Lost another star for poor customer service.
2	The atmosphere and service were decent but the food was average and overpriced. We got a few different rolls that were so so at best. Would not go back
5	I've heard so much about Tao in the past and didn't take the time to visit during my last trip to Vegas... This time around, we made it a point to check it out. We were a group of 8 and made a reservation on the same day. I was very surprised they were able to accommodate us with a same day reservation.We arrived on time and they escorted us to a sitting area while they finished getting our table ready. Only took about 10 minutes and while we waited we were quickly approached for a drink order. The drinks came out right away while we all enjoyed taking in the very lavish decor.I think we were very fortunate with our service, our waiter, TJ, was EXCELLENT! We ordered everything family style and aside from the dishes we asked for, TJ made some great suggestions.Everything came out cooked to perfection. I still had a lot of food restrictions to follow and TJ was very attentive to making sure I didn't feel left out and explained which dishes I would be able to eat. Overall, incredible experience! Will definitely return on our next trip to Vegas.
5	What an experience this evening was for me and my colleagues! I wanted to go to this restaurant because quite honestly it is always in the gossip magazines as the celebrity hangout. I had stopped by last year for a glass of wine but had never gone for dinner until last week.The entrance is absolutely gorgeous with two rows of what looks like baths filled with roses. It has a low light vibe to it and a gigantic Buddha that stands from ceiling to floor in the center of the restaurant. Ambiance is fabulous. Bring a light so that you can read the menu though! Our server was Lawrence who was an absolute delight from beginning to end. Great humor and a lot of fun. I recognized him from an unfortunate episode on the Kardashian's reality show. Lovely lovely guy. We started our meals with an array of delicious appetizers. The standout was the Lobster wontons with shitake ginger broth. My friend and I practically licked the bottom of the bowl. Unbelievable. Two of my friends ordered the steak which they both LOVED. The steaks came with three huge and gorgeous onion rings. Great presentation. My other friend ordered the sushi which was a hit as well. The entrees didn't hold as much interest to me as the appetizers so I "settled" on the coconut fried shrimp with spicy Thai peanut sauce. I asked if I could get it not fried but told I couldn't. I think it is because of the volume of guests they have each night. Disappointing as I would have been perfect if not fried. I was only able to eat two of them before it was just too much. I felt such a waste to leave all that food. The portions are very generous. We finished the evening by sharing an order of the sugar coated doughnuts that came with vanilla and dark chocolate sauces and a caramel one as well. My one friend would not stop talking about them so even though we were full we had to at least try them. Again we licked the bottom of the plate!! What a fabulous way to end the meal.The food and the ambiance were both outstanding. To top it off though was the service. Everyone we interacted with was just so friendly and professional. Special shout out again to Lawrence our server. I did stop Dave (another server) at one point and he graciously took care of getting some sauces for me for the shrimp - at no charge and with a smile. I found the fact that the service to be so good of somewhat of a surprise. This is basically a tourist place and so I wouldn't have great expectations for the service and the fact it was exceptional makes this place even more special.
4	Easily one of the coolest restaurants I have ever been to!  The atmosphere is incredible!  The food is outstanding and the drinks are phenomenal.  We went for my 30th birthday and were able to share the majority of the food items. This place is a fusion of everything that is great about Asian food!  We got outstanding sushi, incredible eggrolls, delicious duck fried rice, fabulous duck lo mein, fabulous crusted filet, mouth watering seabass, and the giant fortune cookie for dessert which was one of the most unique and creative and delicious desserts I have ever had.
3	Meh, there are 21 better sushi/Asian bistro style places in Vegas. Half of them are cheaper. Go there instead. Tao is ok, but their prices suggest they're better than that. Idk, maybe I'll go back and try again. Maybe I'm getting old...maybe I don't "get it"....3 stars.Oh and after reading other reviews, I'm reminded that yeah their drinks are expensive. Ready? I ordered a ciroc and soda x2 , and 2 ciroc martinis (Cuz I love p Diddy) and then closed that tab, total cost $74 , I was kind of surprised. Water next time.
5	I love this place. Best sushi in town. I would recommend Omakase dinner.
5	Fantastic ambiance! Staff was incredible. We got a must have appetizer which was the lobster wontons. Pure genius! We then shared the lobster pad Thai. Plenty to share. Lots of lobster.
5	I've been to Tao on three different occasions and it's hands downt he best meal I've ever eaten. I get the soy ginger glazed salmon that's on a bed of udon noodles with satueed spinach. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The flavors are bold and all go well together. The salmon is perfectly flaky. The miso glazed chilean sea bass is runner up. I've also tried their sushi and it was good, but nothing beats the soy ginger salmon. This place is very classy and has friendly, attentive service. The art work is very interesting and there is a large buddha upon one of the walls. I would recommend this place to anyone that goes to Vegas.
3	Nice restaurant! Cool asian fusion a-like. The ambient is fantastic, very nice, with a club upstairs. Good food and nice service!The 'hot edamame' is ok, but the shrimp is superb!
1	Food poisoning. When you spend 250 bucks on a meal you'd expect a certain level of sanitary conditions. I feel more confident about the hole in the wall cat hunters. Gf was throwing up all day.
5	This is really neat place! The food is totally fabulous, and the food is out of this world. The service was excellent, and the wine delicious. I would highly recommend it. Make sure you make reservations.
1	.... meh.
1	I give it 1 star for the ambiance. The food and service was extremely poor.
1	How many people will get fooled coming here thinking it's great Asian food? The duck was OK. It's just not worth it.  Took 2 hours to get our regular order. Other tables got up and left. Our party of 10 stayed and roughed it out. When the food finally came it was cold and we were too tired to enjoy it. So they write a few Chinese words on the ceiling and throw in some asian looking statues. Ok looks like a Chinese restaurant now. Lol. To sum it up the food sucked and the service sucker. We went to the club and it was packed. They didn't count how many just let everyone in. I think the fire Marshalls came. Am I a complainer? No! This whole facility is poorly managed. Who is the GM and where were they 1.1.2015? Fire them asap. BTW. Who serves duck with Tortillas?? Its supposed to be with Steam buns. You don't see Asians in here which means it's an expensive version of PF Changs at most. You don't see Asians at Panda Express either.  Hint hint  I dont mind spending $1000.00 for food but it better be a decent experience.  So now they can take some of that money to put into marketing and lure in more suckers. Save your money and TIME because this place will take them both from you.
5	I saw that it had 3.5 stars and I was apprehensive but I gotta say, I have no idea why anyone would give this place less than 4. Excellent food and service from Jorge.
3	My meal was well prepared the steak was cooked perfectly serving staff was friendly.  Their sparkling water appears home made and was warm. Hmm?They were very busy due to CES conference. Felt rushed for the table.
1	Got there ten minutes early to the reservation and proceeded to wait 40 minutes to be seated. Left.
