4	Great food, friendly staff.  I went there a lot when I lived in the area.  The food was great, the only downside is if you don't eat the tacos right away or you get them to go they get a little soggy.  But it is from the fresh salsa, not grease!
5	Best "personal" burrito in town!  I ALWAYS get the chicken burrito with medium salsa and cheese.  The great thing the burrito tastes the same today as it did the first time I went in over 6 years ago.  And...the same cool guy is making my burrito over all these years.  It is always so nice to go in and see his smile!The meat is flavored and cooked well, the salsa incredibly fresh, and you can't beat the cheese.  This place tops any other "build-a-burrito" joint you have ever been to.Tons of burrito choices (regular or whole wheat tortillas), tacos, quesadillas, taco salads or "burritos in the biff" which is a burrito but in a baked tortilla shell.PS.  You can pick up a beer or margarita here too :)
2	The family and I were looking to grab some lunch at Chipotle, but we got lost and came to Kokopelli instead. It's similar to Chipotle - made to order burritos and other typical Mexican food - but Chipotle it is not.To tell you the truth, I wasn't too hungry to begin with so I ordered a chicken quesadilla and I got exactly that - a tortilla with cheese and chicken. Nothing else. Even though it was what I ordered and contained all ingredients necessary to live up to its description, I just felt like the whole thing was "meh". I got some pico de gallo on the side which helped a bit, but I was only given a little to-go cup full (there is no salsa bar) and given my salsa usage, it only lasted a couple bites.The burritos ordered by the rest of my family didn't seem all that interesting either. I didn't get to taste anything but, from first glance, the bean to burrito filling ratio was wrong (too much beans, not enough meat - what can i say, I'm picky about my burritos!) and the burritos seemed as "meh" as my quesadilla was. I wish we had gone to Chipotle.
5	I'll take this place over Chipotle any day.  The Carnitas burrito is the best...yummy good.
