5	We came to Doctor Hersh after we were having problems conceiving. He met with us; he was very knowledgeable and was very patient with our many questions. Dr. Hersh recounted his own trials with fertility issues so he too was familiar with our problems and concerns. He outlined a plan for us- a series of tests for me (mostly) and my husband, and three cycles/months of clomid (pills) along with a "schedule". He said that if he couldn't get us pregnant, he's refer us to the Fertility Center." We ended up doing four failed cycles. But I wanted to mention that Dr. Hersh was very good about contacting us with regards to instructions and follow-up. Even though, this branch is closing, I wanted to leave good comments about Dr. Hersh- he really wanted to help us.
1	Today I spent 30 minutes on the phone typing 1 for the next menu and the next one and the next one, before I got a live person. Once I finally did, I asked how much office visits generally run, and the woman said she doesn't know because she only handles appointments at that office. She asked where I lived to find the closest office near me, and said the Southeast one was closest. Fine. She puts me on hold for another 5 or 6 minutes, comes back and tells me that the first available appointment is on November 4th. I said "I could be dead by then." I asked her if she could refer me to a place I could just go to today. She said she only knew about Southwest. I said, "So when you get sick you wait a month an a half to get treated too?" She explained how that's because I'm a new patient. So apparently it's only the new patients they let die. The ones who've already given them money they treat more quickly. Awesome.I ended up going to UMC Sunset Quick Care...which was AWESOME.My suggestion: Take your business and your hacking cough to UMC Sunset, where they actually care about you and take care of you at the time that you need it.
5	I made appointment with Dr. Ezhuthachan because Dr. Perlow was unable to see my daughter on a certain date so I just pick the next doctor that was available. I was so glad that Dr. Perlow was booked because Dr. Ezhuthachan is such a great doctor and she takes the time to answer my questions. This was the 2nd time we visit Dr. Ezhuthachan and I will continue to bring my daughter to see her. Dr. Perlow and Dr. Ezhuthachan are the most sweets, understanding and knowledgeable doctors
1	the fat guy at the front desk check in is a total jerk. if i hadn't been with my 5 year old i would of punched him in the nose.
1	Waited for an hour and half after my scheduled appointment only to talk to a nurse practitioner who had NO answers for me. I went full on Vegan the first of the year and Ive been having some issues with it. She didnt know what Veganism even was.. awesome. So i opted out for just an allergy shot and considering I had none of my usual after effects from it and my allergies are still horrendous im wondering if it was actually a kennalog shot at all.I wont be returning.
5	Deanna Duch at Southwest Medical Associates Specialty (Neurology) is wonderful! She always listens to all my concerns and addresses them in a professional manner. She doesn't rush the appointment either like most doctors! She is also so so friendly! I love coming to see her at my follow up visits :)
4	Most of the time when you are here it is because you are sick and already feeling down. Its easy to look around and think you will never get called to see the doctor and question why you are waiting.I recently visited this location with my wife who was very sick. I had to do all of the paperwork and help her around as she needed assistance. They got us to a room within 10 mins and began the normal questioning and tests. I was there for 6 hours which wasn't great but I know it was because they needed to have the results in before trying different medications, understandable! The staff was very helpful and understanding to someone who was miserable from the pain and answered all of the questions I had as well. I have been here before for some of my own issues and though at times the wait is unbearable, I feel I am under pretty decent care. Thank you to the Drs and staff!
3	Been coming here for a while now it's very clean and the wait time isn't as bad as other places. However staff here is a hit or miss you never know how the experience will be
5	First time coming here... And I wasn't disappointed.  From the moment I walked in the super attentive allied Barton security guard was leading everyone in the right direction, they have the self check in which is awesome but I couldn't use it because I was there for the first time.  Check in was quick, and every single person I came into contact with was extremly helpful and professional.  The nurse practicioner Kevin springer who saw me was incredible and has great bedside manner. Will go back in the future, hopefully it will be equal to this experience.
2	I've had good experiences with SMA Eastern's X-ray Department but the urgent care clinic is the worst when they are busy.  I went there with a skin infection I picked up at Spring Valley Hosp., following a total knee replacement.  Any kind of infection is especially dangerous with a TKR because the infection can travel to the new knee. I waited 1.5 hours to be seen by a grumpy triage nurse & she told me there would be another 2 hour wait.  I had an appointment with my surgeon later in they day that the wait would conflict with & she said you just better leave.  I had to be subjected to all those germs for nothing.  This clinic should of staffed up for flu season. I saw empty exam rooms with a waiting room full of sick people!  Very inefficiently run place.  I have nothing but trouble every time I go to any SMA location.  Have had really dumb doctors, slow receptionists.  They are practicing 1950's medicine.
1	If I could give a no star review, I would.  I went to the Eastern location about a month or so ago because I had come down with a cold that very literally became bronchitis overnight.  How do I know you ask?  Well because I'm an adult who has had it about 6 times before.  I know the symptoms, I know the treatment, I know what I need to get back to healthy.  I go thinking that as a quick care it would be, oh, quick-ish.  Ha!  About 10 people who arrived after me were seen before me; I ask the front desk person and she says "well, we have x-rays back here too".  Uh, huh.  Fine, after about an hour I get seen by a nurse (I think, she never introduced herself and frankly her broken English wasn't very clear) who takes my vital signs and asks me the reason for my visit.  I tell her.  She asks if I had been having contractions (I was about 30 weeks pregnant) I say yes but that they were braxton hicks and was not of concern.  She sends me back out to lobby to wait for another hour and a half.  Sigh.  Finally I get called back to see the doctor!  Yay!  I sit down and wait for him to come in.  He does and asks why I'm there.  I tell him because I have bronchitis and need to get a breathing treatment and an albuteral inhaler prescription (again, I've been at this rodeo a few times).  He says well if you do have bronchitis I won't give you antibiotics.  I say that's fine because I didn't ask for any.  I know that it's viral not bacterial and that antibiotics are seldom called for (unless you have an uncommon case of bacterial which is unlikely).  So he says well, why don't you let me decide what you have.  Fine, no problem, I wouldn't expect you to just take my word for it.  So as he goes to listen to my chest he says, well, it says here that you're having contractions.  I say, well yes but they're braxton hicks; I'm here because I can't breathe.  So he says well a woman who's 30 weeks pregnant and having contractions should go to the hospital.  At this point, his condescension was so ridiculous I couldn't hold my tongue any longer so I snap back, gee, I thought this was a medical facility; I didn't realize this was no better than a jungle hut in the middle of the Sudan.  So he says, Whatever, I don't like you attitude, I'm just going to exam you BECAUSE I DON'T WANT TO TALK TO YOU ANYMORE.  Excuse me?  Someone failed bedside manner 101 I see.  I demanded he leave as I was not about to let that jerk exam me for anything.  I ended up just walking out and demanding his name: "Dr." Mathison.  I ended up going to the ER where they...bum bum bum...gave me a steroid injection (because at that point I was barely breathing), a breathing treatment, a prescription for albuteral, and a diagnosis of bronchitis!  They also noted that he was unprofessional, wrong, and ended up sending a pregnant woman to the ER to be exposed to needless germs for no reason as he could have done all of those things at the urgent care facility.    Reminds me of the old joke, what do you call the person who graduates last from medical school?  Doctor.  : /
