4	There is a taco bell across the street.  I have no idea how a person could go there with this place right across the street.  Cheap and real Mexican!
4	I was out for some spring training and was tired of hot dogs and burgers after a hangover tried the menudo on one day and and had the shrimp cocktail on another and it was great . Great variety of mexican food so if tired of the ballpark food and wants some good authentic mexican food  come here
4	This is a wonderful little hole-in-the-wall.  Next door is a laundromat, so it smells soapy fresh when you step outside.My burritos came fast and they were really, very tasty.  If you're driving by and you're wondering, "Should I eat here?" you should.  For two burritos, I spent a little over 8 bucks.  Not bad at all.
5	One of my favorite places to go easy authentic mexican food at a very good price. Very good food!!!!
5	I've kind of stopped ordering other things from the menu after I discovered that their bean and cheese burritos with the reddish-brown salsa are among the very best things that life has to offer.  If I were to commit suicide, I'd lock myself in a room with hundreds of those burritos and a warped record playing somewhere softly.  Everyone would find me days later, dead as shit, with a big smile on my face.
5	The bean burritos are fantastic, but my current favorite is a bean tostada with the green sauce. Delicious. Have a drink next door at the Closing Soon Saloon. They'll let you bring the food in.
5	Downright the best Carne Asada Burritos in the Valley of the Sun. I was born in Mexico, trust my word.
5	This place is awesome! If you read a bad review, especially about the one across the street from a Taco, you are talking & reading about the wrong place.  This Tacos Jalisco (the real one) is on 68th Street, not on Thomas.  The location on Thomas is their original location which they sold, and in the contract had to allow them the right to use the name.  The food is not even close!! So make sure you check out the correct location on 68th.  You will be happy that you did.  The "free" pickled veggie bar is awesome, be sure to grab some of it in a baggie on your way it to accompany your meal. Another great one is the pace across the street next door to TD Road house.  Their Carne Asada is unreal, or the chicken that they grill outside over coal.  a Whole chicken, pint of rice, pint of beans, pint of home made salsa, like 10-12 corn tortillas, $10!
5	Loved this place. My wife and I requested vegetarian burritos and they happily obliged.  They were delicious!
5	Philip is right! This place is legit... the other one off of Thomas has really gone downhill
5	I AM IN LOVE WITH THE THREE TACO DISH. Mmmm... marinated pork.Trust me, you do NOT want to pass this place up.
5	Best tacos I have ever had.  Corn, flour, beef cheek, beef tongue, carne asada, pork, everything.  Don't be afraid to step into this hole in the wall.  I'd drive from Tucson just for these tacos.
5	People that follow my reviews might notice that I eat a lot of Mexican food. I'm also a Mexican food snob and this place is fantastic!!!!I live down the street and when I saw this small place I knew I had to try it. It reminds me of Chicago - my home town. I love the tacos, especially the tongue tacos. I order #6 very often.I tried their burrito once and I wasn't a big fan of it but I think that's just an Arizona thing. Burritos in this area are made in a different style than what I'm used to back home. My friends from Arizona love their burritos.I highly recommend and the prices are great.
4	The homemade tortillas alone deserve four solid stars. This is a dive. I repeat, a dive. It's teeny tiny and it's only because of Yelp that we even knew it existed and then decided to actually walk inside. It was Cinco de Mayo and we felt the need to enjoy some authentic Mexican cuisine. We turned to the trustee Yelp mobile app, Tacos Jalisco popped up so we thought, "why not!? Yelpers approve, so it must be good." We pull up to this divey little hole in the wall Mexican food shop off a residential street. We walk inside and they have pictures of food on the walls with numbers next to each one. I decided to order the #10 which was a quesadilla and a taco and my husband ordered the #7 which was the Carne Asada. I definitely won in the ordering department and that typically never happens. My quesadilla was pretty tasty and the accompanying taco was small enough to provide a taste without filling me up too much. However, the thing that stands out the most is their tortillas. They are homemade, authentically Mexican tortillas. Large and in charge tortillas. Buttery and soft tortillas. The #7 Carne Asada comes with a whole lot of meat and then a large tortilla. The meat is tasty but it could have used some cheese so it might be worth it to ask for cheese to be added. The quesadilla was just as a quesadilla should be, cheesy and yummy. I would say that this place is definitely worth visiting if you are looking for some cheap, good Mexican food. It would be great if you are recovering from one to many drinks, or you're in the midst of having one too many drinks. It's also good on just a fatty day!
5	This might be the best Mexican food ever. It's really good. Finally tried it out, and yeah the location is a little shady. It probably would have helped me a lot if I knew Spanish, but still got some awesome tacos!
2	Chicken taco was good, but the carne asada burrito tasted horrible. Also, there was a roach climbing up the wall halfway through lunch which pretty much ended it for me.
5	I was pleasantly surprised to find this place! Stumbled upon them on Yelp when another taco place I was craving wasn't open. The menu is plastered all over the wall so you will immediately notice the fair price points for all their dishes. I ordered street tacos and a quesadilla.  Both were phenomenal, the rice and beans are also top quality. As I was walking away with my to-go order, the chef yelled after me to let me know that he had put sour cream on my tacos, "Was that okay, or do you want me to re-make them"? You just don't get service like that everywhere. Great Job Taco Jalisco, You are looking like my new GO-TO taco spot.  ***Easter Egg*** The Carne Asada street tacos come loaded with meat and not one, but 2 tortillas stacked together. It's like getting 2 for the price of 1
5	Never been to Mexico, but when I think of how the food might be, this is exactly what comes to mind. I had three tacos pastor, rice beans and guac. The pastor was incredibly seasoned, wrapped in two fresh, hand made corn tortillas and had a little cheese. came with a side of lettuce, tomato and crema but I didn't want to ruin a good meaty taco with veggies. Definitely do not judge this place by it's appearance. And in my travels, the best food is usually behind some shady lookin doors!
5	I am from the Bay, so I have had some of the greatest mexican, more importantly, street tacos ever..... And tacos Jalisco kills it! Everything on the menu is what's up! I usually get the 3 taco plate: uno carnitas, dos al pastor. They have bomb burritos too! The meat is succulent and spiced perfectly! I love how the location is a hole in the wall next to a dive called the the last call.By far the best mexican food in the valley!... Sad to see the location on Osborn and Scottsdale go :( Vive la taco Jalisco!
5	Great food in a hole in the wall place!!  Don't let the atmosphere deter you.  We are from SLC, Utah and found this place on Yelp. It had four tables, so is small, but well worth it.  They had a Mexican telenovela (soap opera) on TV while we were there but it was quiet.  We had tacos and huevos rancheros with beans and rice; all of the food including salsas were great.  To drink we had the Mexican apple soda, so tasty!  Give it a shot!
5	I am an incredibly picky Mexican food eater, and after having lived in Scottsdale for two years, was disappointed nothing came near authentic...until I came here! I've been here three times in the last week already and have tried their tacos al pastor, chile rellenos, and chicken burittos. All were amazing (not to mention their awesome home-made flan and horchata!). I'm so glad I found somewhere decent and authentic!!Side note: they only take cash! And its a really small venue so it can get crowded.Edit: they now accept most major credit cards, and are expanding to the next door space! I love this place.
5	Their chicken tacos are the best and their bean and cheese burritos. Dear god I think there is crack in that cheese because I can't get enough of it. Total dive, but absolutely my favorite place for Mexican food!
5	Best mex food!! The carne asada is the best
3	In a word...  Deliciosos! Good food....  Probably will not do an order of chips with salsa next time...  For $3 it was nothing special at all.  But the rest was tasty.  The service was prompt, but none too friendly.  When you consider that we weren't there to make friends, we came to enjoy Mexican food...  We still won.  :-)
4	Some of the better authentic Mexican food I've had since moving to Phoenix.  It doesn't compare to some of the amazing Mexican I've had in Tucson, but for Scottsdale, it was pretty good.  It's a dive, 100% a dive, but the best Mexican places are.  The carne asada was good as well as the tortillas.  They had horchata, which was also very good, if a little on the sweet side.  My friend had the chicken, which received rave reviews.  I will be back when I'm craving some good authentic non-frou frou Mexican food.
3	Not bad at all. The refried beans and rice were standouts.
5	Loved the 7 Seas Soup and the Ceviche Tostada.
5	Old, funky Mexican food place that feels and tastes like Mexico. We went here based on Yelp reviews and were not disappointed. It's very small - 4-5 tables but we got a place to sit. Everything is in Spanish with minimal English references. It was just good, cheap food. 2 of us ate for less than $20. Where does that happen in Scottsdale. We'll be back!
5	If you're into authentic Mexican food this is the place for you! You're taste buds will have a party when they grab a sample of their unique flavor. All their food tastes AMAZING. Bold marinated carne asada, lemony fresh cevice, spicy yummy menudo, I have NO COMPLAINTS regarding their food it is WONDERFUL. The only downside is this place is tiny and the location is a bit on the bad side. The employees aren't rude but theyre not super friendly either. Regardless, I believe the food speaks for itself!
4	Ordered the Carne Asada plate! So much TASTE in the marinaded steak! about $7 and I ordered NO CHEESE due to my lactose intolerance and they were very curtious and took my request seriously. I will be going back to this hole in the wall and the lady behind the counter recommended that I get the Burrito and Taco combo next time!
5	This place won best neighborhood Mexican restaurant from the New Times for a reason.  Great food for cheap prices.  Carne asada Tacos are perfect, and double-tortillad as they should be.Awesome salsa bar, some of the better salsa I have had, and am a self professed expert, heh.  Highly recommend the Mexican shrimp cocktail as well.  My wife's boss, whose family is from Mexico, states that the breakfast burrito is to dir for.They are in the middle of an expansion which will add much needed seating.  I just wish they would stay open after midnight.
5	I came here on the New Times recommendation while on a recent business trip, and ye gods it was absolutely worth it.This may just have been the best Mexican food I've ever had.I was kicking myself for only ordering a burrito/taco combo and not something more adventurous, but the chicken (burrito) and carnitas (taco) were the stuff my dreams are made of.You are doing yourself a disservice by reading this review and not driving over there right now to order something. Do it.
5	The carne asada super nachos are 100% heavenly bliss!!!  I've been going to this place for years and will always come back.  This place blows all those "bertos" places out of the water.  The service is always friendly and the food fresh.  While they do make a good burrito... Try the amp market down the street if you want one cause they are the best in town.
4	This place was great.  The food was delicious, the service was good.  I had the taco and gordita with beef asado, and loved it.
3	I visited Tacos Jalisco the other day and was reminded of my old spots back in LA. I know good lick your plate clean Mexican food, so I have high standards. This place is definitely a hole in the wall joint and I actually passed it. You pretty much need to look for the Circle K and it shares the same lot. I was impressed that they had some of the "unusual" meat options like beef head meat and beef tongue (my faves). I came in hungry and ordered three tacos (two lengua/ one cabeza) and a bean & cheese burrito. I thought the meat kinda lacked salt, but the salsa from the salsa bar improved that. I enjoyed that the salsa bar had pickled carrots, califlower, jalapeno mix. Other then that the salsa was ok. The bean & cheese burrito was substantial. I actually could only eat half of it, which was challenging cus it was gud. I will be back to try more items and hope to improve my rating.
4	Very real very authentic Mexican food.The tacos are really good, the nachos were tasty and large portion.The burritos come with beans and rice only and pico,so I would say to skip the carbs and go tacos loco get 3-5 as they are small but delicious.
3	In the area from out of town looking for some good mexican food to takeaway.  As others have mentioned, it is a hole in the wall kind of place that is easy to miss but the food is decent.  I would say it's not "drive across town good" but a solidly good place if you're in the area.  I had the carne asada tacos (#6 on the menu) which were good, but I probably should have stopped by the salsa bar since they were a little dry.  We also ordered chips & guacamole - chips were good however the guacamole seemed thin and runny not chunky as I typically prefer.
3	I love the hole-in-the-wall feel of this place and they were friendly people, but I was not impressed by the food. I tried carnitas, lengua, and al pastor. All of these were really dry.  Something was a little off with the bitter-tasting guacasalsa. And the horchata was way too sweet.  On the plus side are the roasted jalepenos and spicy salsa bar. Maybe I 'd come back to try the weekend specials like birria or menudo.
5	Very tasty tacos, but the real reason to visit Tacos Jalisco is the horchata. Let me emphasize this: the horchata at Tacos Jalisco is the best horchata I have ever had.  Apparently, they make it from "scratch" whereas many other places make it from a pre-made mix. It's addictive.
4	Got the three tacos plate. I can't believe they only charge $7 for this plate (shhhhh)Amazing bargain for the quality of food. This is real mexican food, not that suburbanized food chain stuff.  Classic "foodie" joint...
4	Food was authentic as it gets, served fast and hot!  Loved the "real" Coca Cola made with sugar in glass bottles from Tijuana!  Recommend the "three tacos plate" for around $7:  your choice of about 7-8 different kinds of meat, including beef tongue (you don't have to choose the tongue!)  Yummy, inexpensive meal.
5	Definitely the best bean and cheese burrito I've ever had - previous review likened the cheese to crack - that is no joke (not that I know what crack is like, but still).Hole in the wall - easy to drive by if you aren't looking for it.Carne asada taco was great, too.  Was just ok on the rice and refritos that came on the side.Will definitely be back!
5	Absolutely excellent! If you want real Mexican food. This is place for you! Beware though, they call out orders in Spanish and even certain parts of the menu are in Spanish. All of the combination meals areExcellent, and unbelievably well priced! My wife and I come here every week because it's that good! Tacos Jalisco is a must!
5	REVIEW BASED ON HORCHATA ONLY.All I had was the horchata, but boy was it magnificient! We almost ate their...and then I saw the guy in the back cutting up the meat, and I was like, "nah...."I'm sure it's great though!
5	Perfect place for lunch. It's a hole in a small plaza shared with a convenience store and some dive bar. But man, it's legit. Nice and clean place with cooks that are clean and the woman behind the register was very nice. The food was outstanding.
5	Wow...if you want authentic Mexican food, this is the one.  Don't expect a fancy restaurant but the food is incredible.
2	My husband was looking for Milanesas. So, we came to this place since they were the only place in Scottsdale that I could find that had any on their menu.My husband ordered Milanesas, with rice and beans.  I ordered a burrito and taco combo with carnitas.  The Milanesas were not cooked to order.  They were dry and brittle looking.  The meat was paper thin.  The beans were like Taco Bell beans; they were of a watery substance.  Their carnitas were boiled and tasteless.  My burrito had nothing BUT carnitas in it.  Who does that?!!They serve their combo meals with a side of lettuce and tomatoes with a dollop of mayonnaise.  Pretty strange if you ask me.  The only thing I enjoyed was the horchata.  Thaaaat's about it.  After going to a few places in Scottsdale, looking for AUTHENTIC Mexican food, I have officially given up.  The only reason I gave two stars is because the horchata was really good.  Other than that, the place is a hole in the wall FULL of flies.
4	Great, authentic Mexican food! I had pork carnitas, my husband had fish tacos, and both were very good and came with an avocado sauce that was wonderful. Great place for quick, no fuss lunch. We'll be back!
5	Waiting for my 5 tacos.....got Asada, pastor, cabeza, tripa and chicharron ooooh n a Fresca .....waiting patiently.Place is nice.....service is great.....except for the young cook yelling at the aawsome cashier.Anyways food is ready n im about to dig in!!!First is the Pastor.....great taste just like the ones I member from TJ when I was a kid.Next is the asada....Wow not dry like other places I have tried....nice n tender....very goodNext is the cabeza.....hmmmmmm.....great taste....nice n juicy....love the cabeza.Next is the Chicharron....Oh my the chicharron is the kind that has meat on.....lordy lord!!! Yummy!!!!Last but not least is Tripa....My my my....they r cooked to perfection....not to crisp n not to soft just right!!Overall this place rocks....u cant find a good place that makes authentic street tacos....just cant find that many good ones in AZ. But here is one.... will be back to try some other meat tacos...Esta Delicioso!!!!
4	Made by Mexicans for Mexicans.  No Taco Bell, no hipster burritos with foie gras, no Teepee that caters to the gringo palette.  You will recognize most of the items but they haven't been bastardized on their trip north of the border. And yes they have the best tortillas in the area.
5	Yelp comes through again.  Tacos Jalisco is SOOO good.  I was skeptical of the Styrofoam trays, and not sure if the lady taking my order understood what I was ordering (I had to repeat myself a few times), but what came from the kitchen was exactly what I wanted on my trip to Phoenix.  Carne Asada came highly recommended, as did the quesadilla, so we followed suit and were so pleased  Carne Asada is so well seasoned and chopped, with a just that little  bit of char that you really look for. I could have used more tortillas, but I made do.  The quesadilla came with a a little carne asada taco on top, and was enormous.  It was not the typical one big flour tortilla folded in half, and grilled, there was much more thought put into this than I really expected.  How much thought can you give to a tortilla and cheese?  Apparently more than I had considered.   Plus, it came with a little carne asada taco on the side, which was an unexpected bonus.  It came with guacamole (don't order a side of guac unless, you really need a quart), beans and rice. the beans were good and the rice was fantastic.  Ambiance, was pretty basic, table wobbled, chairs were simple, and Spanish language music videos were playing on the TV, but that kind of added to the charm.I'm from the north (and not Latino), so I don't have a lot of quality Mexican food to compare it to, but it shall now be the mark by which all other Mexican food shall be measured.
1	Not good in the least bit. Everything generally flavorless. No distinct flavors as everything just muddled together. Escabeche was bland - not sure how that was accomplished.
4	i'm neither nexican nor an expert on mexican food ... but this was tasty!  nearly as authentic as i could imagine.disclaimer:  i didn't enter the restaurant; i only ate food carried out from the restaurant.+1 for fantastic tacos, both beef and chicken.  our family ordered 15 of them for dinner.+1 for great beans.  i've found this to be a great measure of a mexican restaurant.+0 for unsalted chips+1 for great prices.recommended.
5	Amazing! Just like sitting in Downtown Ensenada Baja California! A Hidden Gem for sure... Authentic and Super Fresh! I will be back again and again, and I live 35 miles away!
1	This place is gross. Hole in the wall place but not good. The carne was not good , beans were like soup and so was the guacamole.. Rice was also not good either. I don't even know how this place has good reviews. Also it smelled nasty in the part when you sit down and eat your food. Seems good for construction workers who are really hungry because that's all there was in there!
5	These are the best authentic tacos ever and for such a good price ! Definitely coming back !
1	Tacos Jalisco? More like Tacos Jalisc-NO. The place is a small hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint, and boy does it smell like one. Upon entering the dining area, ones senses are consumed by the overwhelming stench of bathroom, which leaks from the poorly enclosed area at the establishments rear. A sizable portion of the tacos were inedible grizzle, and the bean burrito banished the only chunk of cheese to one small section on the bottom, growing like a small cold tumor from one side. The chips were store bought and the bottled sodas were nearly expired, which is completely mind boggling. The prices were high compared to similar places, and I left with nothing but sadness filling my stomach. Needless to say, not planning a return visit.
3	Total hole in the wall but it was open late so here I went!After staring at all the options at the wall I finally went with the huevos rancheros. Pros+Portions+$5 +Salsa BarWow I finished this five dollar box of goodness but just barely. It came with beans, rice, veggies, egg, pico, and tortillas on the side. If your hungry and in the area a combo from Tacos Jaliscos is way better then shelling out for the 5 buck box at T-Bell's.IT DOES THE JOB*It really does look like your run of the mill Filiberto's combo but taste's better somehow
5	My boyfriend and I have been here twice now and we love it! Both of us are very picky about our tacos and I love carne asada in a dangerous way, this place is amazing! The meat has wonderful texture and flavor!! The guys here definitrly know how to work the grill. I want to try something different but I just love the carne too much! Maybe someday lol.
5	I went here for lunch based on yelp reviews, I was craving shrimp cocktail. I'm pregnant and what the baby wants the baby gets. When I first pulled up, I was like... oh... uh.... I contemplated going somewhere else because it definitely looks sketchy from the outside. But I decided to trust the yelpers and I went in, and my whole mindset completely changed. It's small, but it's totally clean, organized, and nice inside! A lot of places to sit and it was all just very clean. I was surprised. The lady who took my order was nice, didn't speak too much English but enough to get my order right which is all I cared about. While I waited for my food I got some of their hot carrots/jalapenos and was happy to find there was also hot cauliflower in there, which I love (the baby loves). My food came out in a few minutes and I took it back to work to eat. My shrimp cocktail was really good. Just what you'd expect, nothing super fancy but the shrimp was very big and they were not stingy. I only ordered the medium, at first I wished I got the large but while I was eating I kept finding more and more big shrimp in the cup and it was definitely satisfying enough for lunch. Also they were generous with the avocado too, which always makes me happy. I ate my hot carrots and cauliflower by themselves after and it may sound silly but they were soo good. They were really spicy and tangy all the way through, but not mushy or overly hard with no flavor like some places. It was so good I wish I had gotten more!5 stars, even though it's a little shady on the outside, I can't knock them for that. I will definitely be back again soon for the carne asada everyone is talking about!
5	There ain't no great Mexican restaurants here in Scottsdale at all.  Too many chain restaurants here.  But a friend told me about this place so I gave it a try.  Man one the best places I've been to in Scottsdale.  I would recommend any one who live in Scottsdale to try out this place.
3	This was a meal that took place after an extra inning baseball game I was watching at the local watering hole, but that should not affect the review, but it might have affected the ordering process. First off how many drunken people eating here or take-out (like my meal) thought that the giant dollop of white stuff on top of my patch of lettuce was sour cream? I'm guessing 99% and until I actually find the one place in some random corner of Mexico that uses this technique, let's just say this is weird and luckily I had read reviews first. #sourcreamplease     The quesadilla and asada taco combo was my choice, but I thought I had said I wanted the carne asada taco, but she said "Ok beef? Yes, they are the same, but not in the Mexican world. The meat did not taste like asada or any other meat I have tasted before, including "beef". Either way it had no fat and was double wrapped and decent. The quesadilla was big and standard fare for these things, but better than the chains version. The rice was high quality and fresh radishes are always a nice touch.Whether I slurred my words or we had a translation issue we will never know, but overall the place appears to be better than the chains, but that's about all.
5	Two words: carne Asada. This place has the most delicious and cheap food ever. You get so much food with every meal, and it is all amazing. The carne Asada is by far my favorite thing that I've tried. I've heard everything else is good too I just can't bring myself to order anything else. Don't pass this place up!
5	Don't be afraid of the parking lot and appearance! Tacos Jalisco is delicious, authentic Mexican food. It's clean inside and the staff is nice. I ordered a cheese quesadilla and carne asada taco combo. It came with a side of beans and a tiny salad. It was cooked to order - you can see into the kitchen so you know it's fresh. They have a salsa bar with limes, grilled peppers, and three or four types of homemade salsa.I was very hungry when I ordered and the combo meal was just large enough to leave me stuffed! Anything extra would have been too much food. :) I ordered a horchata and it was delicious! The vanilla and cinnamon flavors blended smoothly. I love horchata so I'm happy it was great! I plan to will get horchata every time I go!
4	So glad I tried this place - it might be my new favorite!  Very fresh and flavorful.  I would highly recommend!
5	This place is excellent! The tacos are my favorite. I like the al pastor, carne asada, and chorizo. Staff is very friendly and the restaurant is very clean.
5	Yelp doesn't lie. I almost didn't go in based on the look of the place. Don't let that stop you. I had a quesadilla and chorizo taco. It was so good I thanked the woman at the register on the way out. The large horchata is LARGE. Excellent food.
5	Found this place on here and it didn't disappoint! The food was great and the condiments were HOT! Yelp was a life saver! Thanks for the tip!
4	I fought back and forth between a 5 and a 4. To be honest, the only reason I didnt give a 5 is because its my first time and I leave 5s for consistency. Taste though? Yeah, thats a 5. Carne asada burrito is bursting with flavor. I added cheese, only flaw with the burrito is that cheese wasnt fully melted. Other than that, delicious. Throw it in the microwave for 30 seconds, its fine. But the meat is definitely juicy compared to a lot of places in this area. I'll be back again, fairly soon. Only spent 8 bucks and thats cause I wanted a mexican coke(half liter) for 2 bucks. Thats pretty cheap in my book.
5	Plaza looks sketchy, but it's safe. This is where day laborers eat.  They have the *best* carrot, jalapeno, cauliflower mix on their condiment bar, not the same boring stuff you get at just about every other "real" Mexican dive. They have 3 basic salsas: green, red, and smokey red.  Try them all to find your favorite.My favorite dish is the breakfast plate with chorizo. This is chorizo that you can actually taste, not the stuff you find at many places that tastes like hamburger. The lunch items are very good, too. Like any dive, it might take a few tries to find your favorite dishes.And the menudo (weekends) is about as real as it gets.  I.e. Excellent.
3	Just ok place. Not impressed.My boyfriend lives his carnitas taco. I ordered a taco de Tripa and a taco de lengua. Lengua was dry and not very tasty, but the Tripa was good.
4	Ok peeps i'm not gonna lie, this place is pretty good.Little bit of a shady neighborhood. We went at night, though, and had no problems.Had carne asada sope and carne asada taco. I agree with my fellow Yelpers, the carne asada is pretty flavorful. Not crazy about the rice and watery guacamole but the beef was 2-thumps up
4	Driven and biked by many times over the years but passed on stopping despite the almost always full parking lot which hinted at a possible hidden gem but figured it was just another hole in the wall Mexican restaurant.  I was wrong, went here for lunch today; I had the rolled taco plate and my somewhat picky friend had the carne asada taco plate.  Everything was great from the non greasy rolled tacos covered in but not overly so, with cheese, creme fresca sitting on a bed of lettuce with salse verde on the side.  It came with rice and beans and a few chips which allowed for the chance to sample all 3 of the salsa's at the salsa bar, I have not decided on my favorite as they are all good.  Friend is also convert, our convenient neighborhood place lost a few customers today, I'll drive the extra three miles to go here again.  As for the "Hood" and "Sketchy" lol it's south Scottsdale not south Phoenix or east LA your as likely to have an issue here as you would anywhere in Scottsdale lunch crowd consisted of families, blue collar and white collar, the place was clean despite some sort of construction out front (new doors and windows?).
3	Beef tacos were very good (4-star). Guacamole was runny and had some rind/pit in it.  Other sides were just OK.
1	Short and sweet. Dont bother! This is not authentic this is just not good.dont eat here.
4	I think I just found my new favorite Mexican joint. Like other Yelpers say, this place isn't much to look at on the outside but they are cooking up some awesome food inside.I ordered the #10 which is a carne asada taco, a quesadilla, rice and beans. I went for the taco first. Their tacos are small but mighty. The meat was tender and the salsa had a kick but was no overpowering - very flavorful. Next was the quesadilla. Granted, it's hard to mess up melted cheese in a tortilla but definitely hit the mark if ooey gooey cheese is your thing.I thought the rice and beans were really good too. Dipping the quesadilla in the beans made it that much more awesome. The staff was very friendly - they greeted us right away when we came in and thanked us on our way out. I'm very much looking forward to my next visit so I can try the other kinds of tacos - chicken, al pastor, carnitas - yum!!
1	Wow just had one of the worst service experiences. Walked in today at 6:45 1/3/14 and immediately knew I should have turned around. There were two women working the front- both glared at us and made me extremely uncomfortable from the beginning. The one lady was standing near the cash wrap and literally glared and looked me up and down several times before ordering. The lady taking my order was worse- had a smirk on her face the entire time and the worst attitude. Got our food to go- doesn't stop there. I ordered 3 enchiladas that hardly had any sauce on them- very dry and smothered in sour cream. Not at all like the experience I had before but I will never return to this location and highly recommend you think twice. There are much better Mexican joints that treat you with respect. Awful experience!!!
1	My girlfriend and I had a good first experience here a few weeks ago but after going tonight, we will not be back.We walked in tonight and the lady ringing us up had a horrible attitude for no reason. We asked a couple questions about the menu and we got one word answers and a glaring stare.She made us feel really uncomfortable and unwelcomed in the restaurant almost as if she didn't want us there.Kind words to the business owner, have a sit down with your cashier and tell her to find another job if she does not want to represent the front of your restaurant in an appropriate way.All it takes is one bad experience for a customer to not bring you their business again, and that's all it took in this case.I'll opt for Chipotle next time as I know exactly what in getting every time I walk into one of their restaurants
