5	A great Safeway.  The staff is generally very attentive.  The place is neat and tidy.  The Starbucks in the front of the store usually has a line, but the staff is always peppy and fast.  There's a nice sitting area in the front of the store with big windows to watch the world go by and sip a latte or eat a deli sandwich in the air conditioning.  No complaints about this store from me!
5	I have to tell you all that if you are planning a baby shower for anyone you should for sure check out the cup-cake cakes at Safeway. First of all, they are very affordable and second of all, they are too cute!  You know since you are at Safeway, you are going to get good service, but I have to say the bakery people are the best.  The cakes come in very shower friendly pink boxes and are ready in 24 hours.  I believe you can get cup-cakes cakes for any occasion but I highly recommend the shower ones!!Check out this baby girl cake I used for a shower I just hosted!!!http://i208.photobucket.com/albums/bb139/kfoxaz/519871893208_0_ALB.jpg
4	I'm not sure if Safeway is a national thing (let's just say I've never seen one of these babies in Manhattan), but it's definitely needed in Phoenix and Tucson.I would drive around the city, looking at all the strip malls and low-end manicure chop shops and wonder, "Where the hell do people go grocery shopping?" And while Trader Joe's is GREAT, I'd be hard-pressed to do all of my shopping there.So thank God for Safeway, right? Although Safeway is generally a little more expensive than other grocery stores, you can pretty much get anything you need there. This particular location was so clean it was beaming! Or was that just me?It had everything you'd expect from a Safeway--from a lovely floral department to a mini-Starbucks to a sizeable deli counter.Yay for Safeway and chain shopping!
5	(This Portion Is For The Starbucks) Seriously the best customer service I have experienced in the valley, anywhere. The manager of this Starbucks (I believe it is Dominic) is extremely nice, asks questions in a genuine fashion to actually engage you in conversation and is equally friendly with every patron.They always make the drinks correctly the first time, I get a bonus freebie shot every now-and-again and always leave with a smile on my face.I will choose this location over the one on Priest/Elliot any day!!As for the Safeway, they have extremely friendly, helpful staff. Great produce. Huge product offering. Clean store. Quick checkout. No qualms with the grocery store AND they always have book drives and bake sales for muscular dystrophy!2-for-1!
4	I am a Loyal Safeway customer, and that is because they go the extra mile. Everyone is friendly and helpful. This store is open until 12am and in Ahwatukee that is amazing!
3	The store is clean, staff friendly and always have the items in stock. Most items are generally a little more than Frys. Safeway does have some nice sales and coupon that comes in the weekly flier.Why such an average score then? Living just down the street, I'm here often for milk, bread etc and always deal with a slow express lane and only 1 or 2 check stands open with long lines. I went to the store last night to grab some fresh bread for dinner. I was back in 25 minutes and I live a little over 1 mile each way.
1	Worst customer service of any grocery store I've ever been in.  EVER!  I'd rather go to any other Safeway or any other grocery store.  I'll drive the extra 10 miles just to avoid this place.
4	Very friendly and attentive employees.  I was helped multiple times without asking.  Thanks!-Update 5/25/2011:  I am very pleased by how pleasant the store manager is (Mr. Ebel) -and by how he goes out of his way to help me.  I really like shopping here!
5	(For the Bakery) I am so impressed with the outstanding service I received from the bakery. I called over the phone to order a birthday cake very last minute. I spoke to Chanel, who was absolutely the best! I've been sick and in bed all week, hence, my reason for calling to order the cake over the phone. I would have Never done this if I wasn't feeling so well. Anyhow, I didn't know exactly what kind of cake to order for my 6 year old daughter. Chanel asked me for a few things my daughter liked and I randomly threw out a handful of things. We decided on the icing (cream cheese-delicious) and added a filling (raspberry-must try!)  I truly left my daughter's birthday cake fully in the hands of Safeway. I really didn't know what I was going to get. But, when I picked up the cake today I was floored! They actually made a Barbie cake, which I found out was exactly what my daughter wanted! It was adorable and it taste even better than it looked. Everyone ranted and raved about how good the cake was! All of the guest thought the cake came from a specialty bakery. Thank you to Chanel & Safeway for making my daughter's bday cake such a hit!
3	I've been in this Safeway many, many times over.  I usually hit up the sales that are advertised since it's on my way home from work.  I would not agree with other reviews, however, of the "great" customer service there.  Some of the employees do give great customer service, some do not.  The general manager is a very cool person and is all over customer service, but that doesn't always seem to trickle down to some of the employees working there.  I have several case-in-points of situations that I thought could have been handled better, here is one of them:I go to the deli section.  They had deli turkey on sale, figured to get a couple of pounds of the stuff.  There were 3 people in the "back" doing whatever they were doing.  There was NO-ONE else waiting at the deli.  I stood there for a minute before a lady finally yelled out: "I'll be with you in just a minute!".  She was slicing some kind of meat and apparently slicing that meat was more important than taking care of waiting customers.  After waiting several minutes I finally went and got the store's general manager.  He was all over going over there and taking care of business, yes, but the point is that I have experienced this kind of "service" attitude at this store several times now.  Safeway didn't build it's reputation on poor customer service or even sub-standard customer service, which is usually why it has such a loyal following, so it is perplexing to me to see this kind of thing going on at this particular store.  Safeway generally does not have the best overall pricing, they are generally on the higher end of the pricing scale, their reputation has always been the great service.  I can go to Walmart Superstore just down the road and get rather neglectful employees who are extremely indifferent about their jobs.
5	(For the Floral dept) Let me preface this review by saying that the quality of the flowers I got from here for my wedding was not only amazing, but so ridiculously affordable. We paid a little over $300 for somthing that wouldve been easily over $700 at a conventional florist. The 5 stars is for that and the regional mgr Tara specifically. We had some trouble w/ Leslie the floral mgr. She acted very unprofessional in several different ways. Stress is the last thing a bride needs, especially the week of her wedding. She was the majority of my stress. No stars for her.Tara on the other hand, was contacted about the problems we were having and was the most gracious, helpful person ever. She personally constructed all my bouquets and centerpieces and delivered them to my venue for me. They were more beautiful than i couldve imagined and she was an absolute doll.Normally, Safeway does not deliver. She went above and beyond.
5	So i will soon be moving to the east part of town, so i am learning the stores that will be close by.   This Safeway is a good one. Clean , neat, and orderly! Lots of parking in the lot. Baskets are abundant which is a good thing.  I could quickly find everything i needed this day and love the bakery with all its lovely goodies. I will be back!!
5	Bought a mega millions ticket, didn't win, but the customer service desk was nice.
3	Not bad for a neighborhood store. Their merchandise is good quality and they offer a good extensive selection on wines from different countries. However, the store prices are a bit high, so make sure to become a member it does help at the cash-register.
5	I love this Safeway! It has the friendliest staff and it's very clean. They have a great mini Starbucks. This is by far my favorite Starbucks. I will actually drive out of my way to stop here for the fast friendly service. The have the best staff there too!  They know my drink and as soon as they see me, they start working on it.
1	We had been shopping at This location for over 2 years. We have seen this Safeway as good as some in Mesa/Tempe we use to live by and were surprised at the poor customer service, or even fair to say customer satisfaction. We were spending on average $370 every two weeks there. We now shop at the Fry's up the road. Very friendly, better products, quick in and out, newly remodeled, and to top it off our bill was only $279!!!!Nathan the manager of Safeway was polite, and kind when we had an issue with his customer service representative and a specific sale item. For the last 3 months we have had issues with sale items being the wrong price, in the wrong spot, labeled wrong, cashiers who ring to fast and not correctly, an extra trip to customer service, and to top that off crushed eggs, bread, and broken waters from slamming them in the cart.I would avoid this location. If our money wasn't worth the customer service, neither will yours. Shop local, every .43 cents to the dollar stays in AZ, Safeway, .15 stays local.  Never shopping at a Safeway again!
2	This Safeway sucks! There is never any product on the shelf. When I go to other Safeways there is plenty of the Open Nature products and so much more variety.
3	This Safeway is clean.  The staff is hit or miss.  The items are expensive.  My favorite thing about this store is that it sells large bins of basil that I've never seen anywhere else.  Really, I can't get enough basil.
1	I'm over you Safeway. You're fired.You were great until you started the Just 4 U (JFU), then I noticed my receipts.Enticing me by your "get the Friday $5 special all weekend", only to notice later on that you screwed me over and charged me full price.You owe me over $12, and that's just from what I noticed from the last 3 trips. I should have known JFU really stands for Just F%cked Up, or Just F%cked U .
4	What can I say?  They always have what I need and their birthday cakes always come out beautiful.  Everything I need in a grocery store.
5	Great Safeway!This store is always clean, the staff is very customer service oriented, and well trained. If I ever have a question about a product the employee will actually walk with me to get the product, and then ask if I need anything else, with a smile and great attitude. I always get greeted with smiles from the cashiers and always ask if I need help to my car. This store is ran very well, and it reflects on the Management, Good Job Management you really know how to maintain good customer service, as well as quality of Service!  A++ Job!!!!
5	I love this store! Most Safeway locations are always great but this location stands out. The staff is friendly and helpful. The store is very clean especially in the produce and meat area. I hate shopping at Walmart and I make the drive across the freeway to shop here for groceries. I'm the kinda guy willing to pay more for better service, quick checkouts and friendly staff. Lately, the store has had some very great specials and most times their sales beat other store's ads. I can get what I need and still only spend around $20. I had to praise this store for it's friendliness, cleanness and that small town grocery store feeling. The staff remembers its customers and that just adds a nice touch to every shopping experience. Thank you Safeway for your commitment to your customers and always providing the best experience.
3	Pregnancy craving!  Did you know water has a taste??  It does when you're pregnant, and suddenly find the taste of water repulsive at night!  Hahaha...Safeway brand tonic water is the ONLY place I can find tonic water in a 6-pack soda cans (yellow).  Not a mini hyper expensive glass bottle or a larger plastic container that would take me too long to finish.  In main Europe, I always enjoyed water with gas.. in Spain, in particular tonic water.. this replaced ginger ale on airplanes and on ice at home (my non alcoholic beverage of choice.. smirk).
5	We shop at all three chains in the area but like Safeway for our main source for  groceries. Yes, Frys and Walmart have good prices on some stuff but it is always a zoo in the parking lots and like swimming upstream in the isles so we like the deals, discounts, and offers that we get from Safeway that help offset the price of goods today. I like the 4x gift card gas rewards. I'll buy a couple $100 of home depot cards, Applebees, and other places I visit for service as it saves us money with gas rewards.The flower dept is excellent as my son bought a bunch for his wifes graduation from nursing school that were spectacular and I asked where did you get them, Safeway. I truly like the meat over all others especially the ground beef. Also, trying to get away from cola we have been buying Safeways refresh soda flavored waters. They have a bit of flavors and lots of fun in the mouth with NO CALORIES. We do the online discounts and seems we get free items that are being offered to get one to try them which is OK with us. Free is good.Last was a Cliffs natural bar. a buck is a buck.
