2	First, the good. Compared to the most likely alternative for me -- Albertson's -- Fry's has good prices. Not just the sale stuff either -- the base prices are decent too. Often, you can even score a good deal in their kitchen wares section as well. Plus, they have one of those add-on areas, where they sell furniture, and all sorts of other non-grocery whatnot. I scored some sweet lawn chairs there for a song.However, so many things about  this store drive me crazy, more often than not, I am willing to pay more elsewhere, than shop here. It starts when you enter the parking lot. No matter what time of day, it's jammed. Every time, I have to navigate through crowds of moseying pedestrians and speeding tuners to get some spot a mile from the entrance.When you eventually park and walk in, you find the carts are stored on the exit side. You can either enter through the wrong door, or wait for the throngs to exit so you can cross over and go get your cart.Then, you are greeted with a gigantic seasonal display in the center of the foyer. This, combined with people entering and exiting, the completely uninhabited floral area, and the line of people waiting to send moneygrams and buy lottery tickets, puts a stranglehold on the doorway. Let's just say I just hope there is never a fire here.The display is just a sign of things to come. There are about 30 smaller displays in each aisle, narrowing them down to one cart width. Since the store is always mobbed, these peninsulas of products only increase the traffic jams, which makes everyone cranky, and thus, heighten the stress of shopping there.And so, to save the remains of my sanity, I only shop at this Fry's when I am truly hard up for cash.
1	This is a writeup on the pharmacy department.  I called in early this morning around 10am to transfer a prescription.  I told the associate that I would be in around 3pm once she asked to pick it up.  I arrived today around 3pm.  I was told it would be twenty minutes.  Here starts the irritation.  I was on my hour lunch so I figured no biggie, I can grab lunch and bring it back to work.  It's now 345 and I'm told its finally ready.  This was not a big chemical mixture to work up either.  It's not alchemy 101.  It's for eye allergy drops.  What a concept, wrap the label around the box, bill my insurance drop in bag.  I present one of Fry's notorious $25 in free grocery coupons for transfering a prescription.  The pharmacy tech states that I can't use it.  I lose it at this point and ask why not.  She then reviews the coupon and starts looking through their book.  I looked at her and the pharmacist and simply state annoyingly "It helps in these situations to read first before saying no."  The tech after scanning the $25 in free grocery credit asks me to pay and I ask her that I would like to know how much I owe before I pay.  She then told me the total.  I paid and walked away wondering how a pharmacy could staff such people.  Terrible.  I will not be coming here again anytime soon.  BTW-Fry's, I'll be transferring this script back to Target.  Time for service classes for your staff.
2	Smaller store than most in the Glendale area, but it was clean with a good layout.  We stopped in for a few items before Thanksgiving and it was a madhouse, as expected, but the reason for the two stars was more than that. My sister caught her eye on a patio set this store had on sale.  She pulled the tag, took it to the front and paid.  As she swiped her card, I realized that she was charged $50 too much.  When pointing it out to the cashier, she couldn't tell which dollar amount was the discount and which the credit card was actually charged.  Either way, it was wrong. The cashier didn't know how to deal with it so she sent us to Customer Service so they could fix the price and pull the patio set. The customer service guy was super nice and gave her an extra $5 for her trouble, in the refund of the difference and called to have the set brought up.  It was 30 minutes of awaiting, checking with three different people, three different times to find out what was taking so long - only to find out that they didn't have a boxed set, only the floor display.  My SISTER has to ask if they would call another store to find if they have a boxed set available.  (I thought they would have offered or done it already with how long we were waiting)  Another 30 minutes later, they refunded the entire purchase, and set her on to the next store that had a set waiting.  Sheesh!  It shouldn't be so difficult to figure out if something is in stock and if not, who else would have it.  It seemed that whenever we asked someone if someone was bringing the set around - no one knew what was going on or who was working on it until someone in a tie jumped up and went back there himself. At the second Fry's, with the boxed patio set, of course the price was higher and my sister had to argue with the second store to please call the first one to get it settled. It was finally settled and she ended up with her set, for the displayed price, but took almost two hours.
3	Your typical Fry's.  We needed stamps so we could mail something out using the on-site ( Parking Lot ) mailbox.  Customer Service Desk offers very affordable services such as faxing, money orders and stamps etc.
5	I need to say a few things about this awesome place. First off I have friends who work here and are amazing. Also I go to the gas station so often and don't have to wait anymore since they put in more pumps. Thank fuck! But in all seriousness this place is fantastic and the Chinese food in the rear is pretty good too. Really? A store where you can shop and get Chinese take-out? Hollar.
5	This Fry's is one of the nicest in the area. A lot of the bad reviews are outdated if you noticed. It's clean, friendly staff, and just an easy to navigate grocery store. It's never too busy even during the rush hours. The gas station here is wonderful too. Recently updated and it's large enough to where you rarely wait.If you live in this area, you will find this Fry's to be one of the nicer, easier places to shop.
2	I've been to this location about 3 times now and I'm constantly disappointed by it.  I've yet to have a positive experience because of the store employees!  While checking out one time I realized I entered the wrong Fry's VIP # and asked if I could swipe the correct card.  The cashier wouldn't let me stating that she'd have to void out the entire order and redo it all for a simple card # change.  I let her know I've been in this situation multiple times at other locations and every other location told me all I'd have to do is re-enter my phone # or re-swipe the Fry's VIP card and that their computer system takes the newest information entered.But nope, she wouldn't let me, she kept swearing up and down that the whole order would need to be voided out.  Now either 3 other store locations have lied to me or this woman was too lazy to hit a few buttons on the cash register so I could swipe my card again.Had it not been for the long line of people standing behind me I would have forced her to unload every item from every bag and make her ring them up again.  But I could see the utter look of annoyance on everyone's face and decided against torturing the cashier.The layout of the store is just odd as well.  There's a half of the store that just seems creepy and deserted.  I'm so far from being a fan of this store that I've decided to hit up a different location on my way home, rather than stop by this one ever again.
4	Newly renovated and cleaned up this location is pretty legit . They just added a starbucks and has a Wells Fargo inside . The employees are helpful and check out lines are usually held up to a fast standard ..Only complaint which is good for them is THERE ALWAYS BUSY. I live half a mile down the road and this location no matter what time or day is always busy so try to find some good parking.
