5	I'm a grow kid in a big grow store. People here were super friendly and helpful. Some workers passed by and would just say hiya. People were great at answering our questions. The variety here is wonderful and it is well kept plants. It took us about an hour to browse around. They have bushes, trees, flowers, and vegetables and fruits of all kinds. Prices seemed reasonable for the plants....some places charge way too much for trees and though trees are pricey, it is scaled fairly here. They also have an indoor plant area, sprinkler and pond accessories, hydroponic area. They have a lot of bird cages scattered about, they had giant desert tortoise and rabbits in the back, a few ponds with fish and quite a few friendly cats run around here. They offer planting classes as well.We came really for some hydroponic stuff. The guy helping us was really knowledgeable but kept it simple on his advice and not overwhelming us with so much info at once and offered advice on a few good growing books and recommending the right small setup. Even though its not my first time growing hydro, I find it to be kinda overwhelming and its nice to know I can come down if I have any problems and questions. Product prices are fair...went to a few hydro stores in town and pretty inflated. Yeah, they dont have much selection here, but will do since I obtained most nutrients in Cali for great prices.  Definitely coming back when it is time to do the yard. I dig the variety and the vibe of this place.
5	In Las Vegas it is as good as it gets for a nursery complete with an amazon inside. Most of the plants are in outdoors covered areas to keep cooler and out of direct sunlight. The kicker is they have some awesome birds within, not the pigeons that we've grown to love or hate but parrots and other exotic birds. I was in the neighborhood and I needed a few additional plants for my backyard. Their staff was friendly, the atmosphere was superb and the plant selection was insane. I found a perfect timber bamboo plant and the river rock small rocks I've been looking for!
3	This has to be the largest variety of plants in one location all separated into groups they also have urns and a wall of metal hangings. It feels like your in giant world. They also have a variety of animals hanging around such as rabbits, cats, massive turtles, cockatoos, and fish. Items are pricier though.
5	Feel the need to transform your blah, boring backyard into a lush green paradise? There are a few places in town where you can find the items necessary to do this, but in my opinion none compare to the granddaddy of them all: Plant World. The selection at Plant World is excellent. In addition to the typical plants, scrubs and trees that most places carry there is a very nice seed selection as well as all sorts of parts to fix your sprinkler systems. Want to dabble with indoor growing? They have a room dedicated to hydroponics... I have yet to see that at any other nursery in town. Employees were friendly and pretty knowledgeable. Prices on most items are comparable to those you will find elsewhere in town. What really sets Plant World apart, for me, was the animals!! There are  desert tortoises, rabbits, koi fish in ponds and my favorite, a ton of exotic birds! My husband pretty much had to drag me out... I could have hung out for another hour just chatting with all the birds that live on the property. If your thumb is green, you owe it to yourself to check out the selection at Plant World. And if not, you could probably entertain yourself for an hour with the birds!
5	Jose knows his stuff.  Knew every tree, bush and flower.  Knew where everything was and told us just what to use.  When a couple trees went into shock, they quickly told me what to use.  They gave me a nice discount on my 29 trees!  PS:  Rosemary bushes are so worth the money.  I can smell them when I get into my car!  Thanks guys!
4	By far the best nursery is Vegas for selection. They carry a lot of things that the other nurseries and home improvement stores don't. They also have the largest selection of Monrovia plants in town as well. Every time I go in there they will have something new in stock to buy and plant. They also have a large exotic bird population onsite which is great fun for kids. I love watching the shocked look the little kids get when they get pooped on by a bird.The only cons is that they don't advertise their specials and they don't have their inventory online. If they did that then they would be 5 star all the way.
4	I didn't actually buy any plants here because I don't have a yard and my balcony is already stuffed with tiny potted seedlings, but if I DID, I would come here to transform my house into a desert oasis! They have a huge selection of trees and flowers and cacti and everything you could imagine.There are also BIG, colorful birds everywhere, friendly kitties (one followed us around for a while, and then let us follow him to a nice little nook with an olive tree and fountain), bunnies, humongous tortoises, turtles and even more birds. I think we spent an hour here just exploring. It is totally worth a visit just to wander around!
4	Holy moly, move over Star Nursery.This place is an excellent place to purchase plants of all types, without being run over by carts, wonderful to wander and check out all different types.  Definitely catering more to individual and home shoppers than commercial landscapers.  As someone who loses himself in his garden and plants to escape from the outside world this place is a dream.  Between the parrots, turles, gorgeous arrangements, their indoor section with Orchids and interior watering/growing systems, there's a lot to see including some rare plants such as clematis.  The parrots are great for kids so if you're coming here with children you have something to distract the kids with while you're browsing for plants and materials.The place is family owned and it has grown and grown over the years - I don't think I've even seen every inch of the place but what I have has my "want" list growing substantially.
5	Love this place! Plants, Birds, Pottery...More Birds, Giant turtles and a outdoor pond.I have been going to this place for 15 years. Never disappointed. Always a great selection of plants and pottery.Plant World Nursery has such charm. The manager is so helpful and polite. I highly recommend anybody who would like to enhance their yard and maybe hang up new decorations to shop here!
4	This place is a combination of nursery, zoo, and bird exhibition. Very entertaining to just walk around and watch the parrots. The birds are beautiful and some of them speak one or two words, which is hilarious. I didn't think that the nursery was very well stocked (could be  because of the time of the year) and prices are a little higher than other nurseries I have been to. The staff is  very friendly and helpful and I guess they have been in business for a long time. Definitely worth a visit if you live on that side of town.
4	This place was great!  They even had a scooter so my grandma didn't have to walk around everywhere.  The exotic birds were really fun to have around while we were looking.  We came here looking for a house plant for my grandma and one for a friend's birthday.  We found a beautiful plant that blooms multiple times a year (though there weren't very many house plants with flowers - mostly leafy ones) and also bought some herbs and some organic potting soil.  They had a sale - 20% off pottery and we got a really nice pot and a plant stand to roll it around on.  This place was really neat and the staff was very helpful and friendly.  The prices were reasonable too - the plants were about 2 feet tall with lots of buds for $25 ea, the herbs were about $4 ea, the large pot was about $49 (before discount), the stand was about $30, and the soil was about $8.  I wish there was a place like this by my house.
4	What a Gem, a somewhat lost gem in this big box world.  A new find for me and I will be a new regular!  I was amazed when I walked in, for the size and the quality.  This place is on acres in the mid old part of town it has been running since 1967.  AMAZING... My new love with being in a house is plants but finding the right ones for you can be easy (for me quite hard) but to make it perfect  it can be a adventure.  Me being a non native who used to grow lots of plants coming here I never have, something I have missed so much.   My newly found green thumb is going to be educated here.  I have done the big box store up until I was passing by and saw this place, pulled in to check it out, AMAZING.  You walk into an oasis green every where anything and everything you could or would want is here.  we found the good bugs we were looking for praying mantis egg shells you put them your yard and all these babies will pretty much eat anything bad in your garden caterpillars, spiders, moths and so much more (good bugs)  lady bugs again they will eat all the bad bugs off your tomato plants (goods bugs)  the only thing they didn't have was lizards the grandaddy of good bugs!  (well they are not a bug but you catch my drift)  But they do need certain thing to live and they did not know about that one I am surprised!   But I have them and I know so maybe I can teach them a few things ;) Plants and oh so many plants, big small grown or babies.  We even found an artichoke plant with two growing artichokes on it!  OMG avocados, lemons, ghost chili peppers oh and bamboo!  OMG my mind is reeling, I would go on but seriously it could take awhile you get my drift.They also have birds, a lot of them most of them are surrendered from people who can no longer care for them they have a lot of mating pairs who mate and they work with the guy next door who hand feeds them to sell so I believe this is a good thing because it lessens the impact on others who pray on wild birds to sell.  Anyways the enclosures for the birds make me believe they are well taken care of some even have pools, some of my friends don't even have pools.
5	As someone who loves both birds and plants this is one of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas. On the plant front they have the best selection of seeds I've seen in town (not just Burpee, they also have Botanical Interests and local Sweet Tomato Test Garden), and a variety of already grown vegetables and herbs that beats home improvement stores any day. They also have ladybugs, mantids and red worms in stock more often than other nurseries.On the bird front, I am in love with several of their cockatoos and macaws. Delilah and Cool Whip love attention, and a few of the macaws will dance and posture if they see you looking at them.
5	Amazing family owned nursery!  Brought in my sick bonsai and Sal took his time to talk to me and show me the best re-potting soil and vitamins.  Wonderful selection, I want to go back just to browse!  Highly recommended.
4	A plant nursery that is also a destination!  We love to stop by this iconic, family owned nursery and visit the monkeys, birds, turtles and fish while checking out all the plants.  I found some "horsetail bamboo" which I couldn't find anywhere else in town and had an experience while I was at it.  I recommend stopping by when you have some time to browse.
5	This nursery was such a wonderful surprise. We went in looking for bonsai trees, none of star nurseries or Home Depots had them. They had a variety of bonsai trees that were in good shape.  They also have a green house with nice plants as well. There were exotic birds and a pond with koi fish and water turtles.  The birds are beautiful and a nice surprise to the nursery.   This is a great place for the whole family.
4	Awesome and beautiful plant nursery with helpful and friendly staff! BF recently picked up a gift for me, and was helped by a guy who listened to what he was looking for and what light our porch received, and was able to recommend several different plants that would suit our environment and needs. Ultimately we ended up with a  colorbowl, a terra-cotta looking bowl-shaped planter with five different smaller blooming plants inside of it, including african daisies and red peonies. The planter itself can be resused once the current plants die, and new plants can be purchased to put in their place. Employee sent us home with clear directions for the watering and sunlight requirements of the plants, and was friendly and helpful throughout the visit.The property itself is gorgeous as well, and worth a visit just to browse around and enjoy.
5	Plant world is huge! And it's like a zoo! There are parrots and other birds (a toucan!) everywhere, some huge tortoises, and a few free range cats. Be on the lookout for Cactus Cat...every time I've been there he's been stealthily snoozing in the cacti of all places.The people that work there are very helpful and nice, the prices are pretty good, and they basically have anything you could want: indoor, outdoor, succulents, cacti, big trees, small shrubs, planters, soil, even Bonsai trees!
4	Alright this is going to be a long one... I did not know what to expect when I found this location online and saw the pictures. Even though there are lots of photos on here, it is not as real as when you are there in person. I was really happy when I found this place. It's though to find places where you forget where you are for a bit. You do know your in Las Vegas still, but you forget its in the city. I think whats really invite-full is that its a big lot and in the entrance there is a water fountain. The sound of the water gets you. Anyway when you are inside you don't really know where to start because its big, but just keep walking and make your path.  I really love all the variety of plants and the fact that they are alive. I know how hot the dessert can get so I was surprised they were still alive. I can just imagine the maintenance that comes at the cost of maintaining this place alive. There lots and lots of trees and fruit trees. I mean real tall ones that come with a hefty price. Understandable because aside from giving people the easiness of planting them it really makes the place look good; giving you sense of a garden. I loved all the different parrots and the cool turtles. Wish the turtles had a bigger habitat though. One thing I did not understand is how come the birds loo so stressed? Maybe some of you guys can explain to me why they are all so bald. Found it funny how the cats are considered part of the attraction lol.   My favorite was that there was those Japanese bush trees and the different fruit trees. I really liked the indoor plants. Real great work inside. Things I wish there could be would be maybe more fountains around the place towards the back and possibility a little more decorations, such as a bridge, a bench, and a few wild life that can survive in the heat; well if it can be taken care of. If not its cool! But yeah possibility big medium size statues around like a lion, or something else. Even perhaps a fake cherry blossom tree, just to take away from the green, brown, red, and orange warm colors making it seem like a desert. I think with those few changes that wouldn't cost a lot to maintain it would give it more life.   I only would like seeing this because it would give both workers and customers a way to wonder about and let go of thoughts they may have and enjoy the scenery. Also, it will definitely bring more customers and give people thoughts of buying plants. I know when I first went there I spent a few hours looking at ever single corner here forgetting about the day. The frustration and worries of the day went away. Helped keep my feet on the ground and looked at the beauty of the earth no matter where it is. We need more places like there in Las Vegas. Since Las Vegas doesn't have a Japanese Garden, yet, this place will do for me and when I am always there I will purchase a plant as a fee for being able to walk around here. I want to keep this place alive and running. Thanks for your knowledgeable staff and hard working gardeners! Birds keep on singing! :)
4	This place is beautiful and how a nursery should look like. The plants are amazing they have quality plants and the prices reflect it. I could spend hours in there. They have parrots, fish,turtles, etc. It's like an oasis in there.
5	This place is great!!!!! Met Tim and a bunch of other wonderful people all willing to answer my million questions. And I have just a couple! Since moving from Seattle this climate is a complete 180 from what I am used to and I have managed to kill almost everything since moving here. Time for a change. I was walked through what soil additives to put in the ground for vegetables, which fertilizers for the shrubs and citrus plants (those are still alive thank heavens) and what I can reasonably expect to grow out here. Was really happy and surprised I can grow figs and decorative olive trees; two things Seattle dosent do well.The cats and birds are really cool. I love looking through the plants and seeing sweet little faces staring back at me. Birds aren't really my thing but the way they have them, in such large open cages (and be warned some are OUT) its cool looking at them. I will be back said Arnie and I am saying the same thing. Fair warning Plant World; found you!
5	This place is a HIDDEN gem. I was lucky enough to check this place out on a school organized trip for my first grade daughter. We got to tour the place and also talk to all the awesome parrots and birds. My favorite though was all the cats roaming free. I am a crazy cat lady at heart and I really love that they allow the animals to roam free. The turtles don't hurt either. All the staff members I encountered were friendly and knowledgeable. We got a chance to meet Sully and he gave a background on this place a long with history of the different birds. The guys at the front are available to help lift heavy items. Plus the people ringing up at the registers are all very friendly. Items here are moderately priced but I believe shopping local is worth paying a little more. I really love what this place has to offer. Its just a fun place to bring the kids to enjoy the wild life and allow them to check out some cool plants, hear talking birds and pick out some fun seeds to grow. Even if you don't have any plants you want to purchase its a fun place to come check out. Be prepared to leave with some cool plant like us though. We got some awesome Aloe Vera plants and a few other indoor things and PUMPKIN seeds...
5	I love Plant World!  I go out of my way to buy my plants and plant supplies here.  They have a great selection.  Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  They give great advice on what to plant and how to plant it.  The animals here are a bonus, they make the shopping experience extra enjoyable.
3	Very friendly staff, and we look forward to seeing all the different parrots/birds they have while we shop. It's a bit of a drive from my area [southwest] but it makes for a nice afternoon enjoying the birds while shopping for plants.
5	I don't think there is a cooler place to buy plants in Vegas.  It's another world in here.  The staff is helpful knowledgeable and kind.  The animals are the star of the show.  It is hard to stay focused when there are little tropical bird heads watching you and saying "hello"  "Buhbye" as you wander.  A turtle pond with Koi is present in the center.  The plants are organized and well taken care of.  There is an extensive indoor plant and hydroponic section.  That is where I bought my toddler his very own baby Bonsai tree.  The staff is insistent to inform you how to care for your purchases and is even so, after they had been closed for 10 minutes.  We were so enchanted that we didn't notice that the front gate had been shut.  They never rushed us out of there.  Great place to take the kids!
5	Very cool nursery! If you are in the area stop by and check out this place. They have several birds around the property and the nicest plants I have seen around.
