4	RM stands for Rick Moonen, one of New York's premier seafood chefs, who moved to Vegas to actually run this restaurant.The top floor is the fine dining area, designed to resemble a luxury yacht.  This is where our group enjoyed a spectacular meal with perfect presentation and service.  I'm remembering fondly the seared tuna, clam chowder, and oyster shooters dressed with gazpacho...The ground-floor casual eatery (r bar cafe) is a modern seafood brasserie ideal for light meals and offers a raw bar menu and regional delights such as Louisiana shrimp po' boys, Manhattan clam chowder, Maryland crab cakes and a biscuit bar.  I've had lunch here every time I've attended a conference at the Mandalay Bay Convention Center.  It's a perfect place to meet clients, right outside the showfloor entrance.
4	Gumbo is awesome... Closest thing I've tasted to the real stuff you get in the Big Easy. Ridiculously expensive though. But then again so is Las Vegas real estate. And the quality fo food is so crappy off the strip in Las Vegas maybe it's priced just right. Now if only we could find a decent bar in Henderson... Read Las Vegas Weekly!!!!
2	We had the dumbest waitress ever here.  She screwed up our wine order and our dinner orders and never once apologized for her mishaps - she just kinda shrugged it off and said "I'm new".  Honey, just because you're a busty blonde doesn't mean you can screw everything up and not apologize.  The food was ok - not worth what we had to put up with in terms of service.
2	So with the bachelorette party of 10, you would think they could find a table for us where the girls didn't have to sit on counter height stools with their feet waving like a class of preschoolers. The service was lack luster and the food was good, but not worth the $50 per person it cost. The 'worlds best key lime pie' was gang banged by a dozen forks and voted- clearly not the best.
3	They stuck us under the stairs - what?  Was it something I said?We ate at the 'r bar cafe' part of the restaurant which is evidently more low key and casual.  While I enjoyed my meal (crab gumbo and a shared mac-n-cheese appetizer) and the by-the-glass wine list was decent, I don't think I walked away feeling like I had received my money's worth.  I completely understand that this is a very common feeling on the Strip, but that doesn't mean I'm letting them hose me again.And yes, the key lime pie is vastly overrated.
4	My companion and I got a nice little booth for two in the upstairs restaurant and just when we were getting settled in the hostess sat four loud talkative young guys at the table right next to us even though it was early and the place was nearly empty. The California wine on the list cost 2 to 4 times as much as in any restaurant in the San Francisco area I have been to and the glass was served less than half full even though it was small. The waiter gave us a major speil about the tasting menu which we passed on. We both had a fish dish and it was decent. But I've had as good many places in San Francisco. The service was attentive. They brought a few extras. Over all it was a favorable experience, but it cost more than it should have. One appetizer, two dinners and, two drinks and one dessert for $200 with tip. Memorable but I would not go back.
4	I visited the r-bar (ground floor) twice while on a trip to Vegas a few weeks ago. Both time my party primarily dined on the sushi menu. It was excellent, and far better than the sushi we had at the place right off the casino floor. The All In Roll and RM roll were some of the best sushi I've ever had. One evening I also had a caesar salad and crab cakes. Both were good, but the staff was "confused" by my request for anchovies on the salad (seems simple to me) and, living in Maryland, the crab cakes were certainly not "the best". Not a lot of filler, but no lump meat here.Just visited again in June '08, Just as good as before, and still surprised about the anchovies for the salad. I forgot all about the All In Roll, but got the Cinqo de Mayo roll, holy smokes, hot and spicy! I already miss this place.FYI, both Casual or Dressy are common and acceptable. I always sit in the bar area, I even sat in the "VIP" area in the back of the bar this year.
2	I wanted to come here 'coz as I understand it, unlike other 'celebrity chefs', Rick Moonen actually works in this kitchen!  Was he cooking the same stuff in NYC when he got his three stars?!Disappointed!  That all I felt after the meal.  We went for dinner last night and while service was good and friendly, food was, well... just not up to par.  Yes we wanted a nice casual place to have good food and to hang out with a couple of friends but I didn't expect to get very mediocre food.  What's the point of serving a huge amount of food (and really, the servings are huge!) if it's not excellent?!  Both my husband and I were not impressed at all.  I had the steamed mussels and the mussels were very fresh but the sauce was a little on the salty side and blah... I mean, just nothing to write home about.  The gumbo is HUGE!  If you plan on ordering it, SHARE!  Gumbo is heavy to begin with and I thought it was just silly to serve that much.  Even the hungry man at our table couldn't finish his (without appetizers).  Yes, it's full of good seafood and sausage... but still, nothing special.  I wasn't expecting to eat the best gumbo of my life but I was expecting something better then what I got... My husband got the RM roll for appetizers (rice was soggy YUK!) and the roll uninteresting... and everything encrusted tuna.  Now this serving was small... weird - they can't seem to figure out their portions, I guess.I will say, the garlic bread is to die for!  I would have been quite happy with an order of that and a bottle of Prosecco :)
4	Excellent.We sat upstairs, and had the hamachi app, the lobster entree and a hawaiian swordfish entree.The lobster was overdone and sent back and replaced without question.  The wine (chalk hill Sauv blanc) was sent back due to a LOT of sediment in it (gross) and replaced with a cakebread chard (and charged the lower chalk price)Service was excellent, waiter gave great recommendations as well.  dessert was the 4x2x2 (16 ice cream flavors in a game where you guess each flavor.  Very inventive and tasty!)Overall, a great experience, and would recommend them to anyone.
5	My Husband and I ventured into Rm and loved it, our service was fabulous and we had the steamed clams with garlic bread, yummy and they gie you a lot than he had the halibut rm style so yummy I had the maya prawns sauteed and creamy mash potaoes so good, a but pricey but well worth it!
5	Wow, what a nice surprise among the hype of Vegas cuisine.  I've never heard of this place but had to cancel on a well known French placed and ended up here instead.  Ambiance is simple and modern so I wouldn't recommend it if you want an all out "Vegas" decor.  It's dark, itimate and private, a nice change from the bright lights and loud conversation.  The seafood is amazing, rarely do I find myself complimenting a western-style resturant on seafood, it's usually all overcooked but this place got it just right.  Highly recommend scallops, they know just the right degree of flavor and tenderness here.
5	Food was great and so was the serivce!  We ordered the small seafood sampler!  Yummy.  We loved the biscuits!!!We had miso soup, I didn't like it, the waitress removed the miso from our tab.  I didn't even complain about the soup, I guess a full soup bowl says it all!  I don't recommend the classic oyster shooter unless you like cocktail sauce.  the OYSTERS were so fresh and delicious!  All the seafood our sampler dish was fresh.  It was just too bad we ate there an hour before we had to leave for the airport.  there is always next time!
5	Excellent restaurant. The service was superb! The restaurant closed at 11p but we were there well past midnight still enjoying the cuisine. I started with their miso soup and shared the garlic bread as well. I ordered sushi, california and ebi-tan rolls. Both simple and perfect for my tastebuds. Our table shared a bottle of a very dry white wine, can't recall the name but it hit the spot perfectly. Pricey though, I think our tab for the four of us was nearly $200 but we basically ordered everything! Great atmosphere and everyone was dressed in their best!
2	We had lunch here and the service was not so good and the food was whatever. Upon arrival, the hostess informed us there was a wait even though several tables were open because they were short staffed. We waited, and watched as they sat people who came in after us? We mentioned this and they said ooopps. We were then seated with a waiter who was too busy and not too bright. Service gets 2 stars. We ordered Sushi and the rolls were small with lots of rice to make them look big. The bill was $70 for two of us and not worth the price. I don't think I would try this place for sushi again. The other part of the menu looked alright though.
4	5 stars for food and 2 for atmosphere.  We ate upstairs at 9pm on a thursday evening and we were one of 2 tables in the restaurant.  The food is spectacular but very pricey, our dinner with one drink each, 2 appetizers  and 2 entrees was $260.  I just felt like it would have been a better experience if there was a better vibe in the place...we also grabbed lunch at the downstairs restaurant and it was great as well (also empty though????) weird.
5	Loved it, loved it!  We ate downstairs in the more casual dining setting, and it was wonderful.  Among my favorites that we ordered were the oysters (fresh!), mac and cheese (so cheesey, yummy!), and clam chowder (delicioso!).  The service was attentive without being pushy, very friendly without being fake, and the timing of the food arrival was perfect.   And the management was very cool.  We checked into the Luxor and they were supposed to give us coupons for shops and restaurants at that time, but they ran out and asked us to check back later.  We went to dinner at RM the night before we got our 10% off coupon for the restaurant (we didn't know this restaurant would be in the coupon booklet).  Wanting to be economical, we gave it a shot and asked after the fact if we could still receive our 10% off.  They gave it to us!  Very very cool.  This great service and their delicious food will bring me back again!
3	Early dinner with gf.  Sat in the "patio area "  patio is basically more open, near the entrance to the mandalay mall - annoying because you have the occasional loud, drunk, obnoxious tourist nearby.started with crab cake and calamari,  so had the gumbo ( surprised she passed on the fresh seafood selection ) i had the fish special of the day, sadly, don't know what it's called - caesar, our server, had a strong accent, after he said the name 3 times, i gave up ! he did say it was a cross between swordfish and mahi-mahi ( had a strange visual to that ! ) anyways, the crab cake ( $16)  - not much to it, temperature not very warm.  the calamari  ( $14) - tasty.the gumbo ( $28 ) - dull, very dull.  not very spicy, strong old bay seasoning taste.  My mystery fish ($38) - perfectly prepared but damn, at most, a 3 ounce piece - for $38 ...ok .the mushrooms and asparagus were very good ) since i had to drive to LA after dinner, no vino for me, bummer !overall, i'll stick to king's fishouse for my seafood fix !
3	Came here for the Catfish Sloppy Joe recommended by Oprah. It was good but not mind blowing as Oprah has exaggerated. The clam chowder was good enough for seconds.
3	Just ate here last week for dinner.I thought that the restaurant was overall a good choice in terms of food, but the service did leave something to be desired.I had the fireball and Mandalay rolls as my sushi and they were both quite excellent and very spicy, which I love.I also helped my mom with her mac and cheese and crab cakes.  The mac and cheese was actually quite good, while the crabcakes were good, but not great.The service was spotty, and it was difficult to get additional drinks.However, I would recommend it for a party of people that are looking for a moderately high-priced meal, but aren't in a great hurry because of the slow speed of the service.
2	To really enjoy a restaurant like this, you have to be with "like minded" company.  You can't be with folks who are disillusioned and self absorbed in things that are not in the moment of victuals....Hello, we're here in this excellent establishment to celebrate fine food....One person I was with kept on going downstairs to the bar every 8 minutes to check on the basketball game. Another person was mortified at the prices and became a living buzz kill...my thought to him was "bitch...you knew were we were going, Y U surprized?"  One child I was with could not sit still and ended up spilling a whole glass of icy cold water on my lap...no need for a bath later, I'll just air dry for now. So instead of the wait staff seating us at another table...they decided to place a new linen napkin over the wet spot on the table, like they were draping a picnic blanket on fresh spring grass. (MINUS 3 Stars)If it weren't for the food, I would be in H-E-L-L.My menu recommendation:appetizer-Hudson Valley Foie Gras, slow roasted cauliflower, vine ripened preserved apricots, 20 year old balsamic and grilled flat bread. The savory and rich Foie Gras marries nicely with the sweetness of the preserved apricots...simply exquisite. Main course-Their signature dish- Butter poached Main Lobster, basil-licorice  risotto, chorizo infused wax beans & lemon monte. To be honest, I enjoyed the basil-licorice risotto and chorizo infused wax beans more than the Lobster. Dessert-You gotta try Rick Moonen's Ice Cream Tasting Game. 16 different flavors of ice cream and sorbet served in little porcelain cups. Where else will you get to taste Balsamic vinegar ice cream or caramel apple ice cream?
3	Short version: Great environment, concept, service, ingredients, and menu, but our expensive fish was overcooked.We ate upstairs in the more formal dining area.  It was a really beautiful space.  If you have a pookie, I would recommend requesting the side by side booths.  Very private and comfortable.  A great place to hide out, cuddle, tickle, smooch, grab knees, and talk to your heart's delight.  Only funny thing is that the walls on the little spaces keep you from seeing when your server is coming over, so they will kind of suddenly pop out of nowhere with your things and to check on you.We received exceptional service, probably because we were there at 5:30pm and were literally the only table.  We were in a hurry, as we had a wedding to attend at 7pm in the Mandalay.  We got the abalone appetizer, which was delicious.  For dinner we got two fish, the cobia and marlin, which were on special.  Everything was presented well, and prepared with wonderful combinations of fresh ingredients, but both of the fish were a little overcooked unfortunately.  The wine list was huge and the recommendations from our server were great.If I went back to the Mandalay Bay again, I probably would not spend the money to eat upstairs at RM, but I would try the downstairs.  Need to split the reviews on Yelp into upstairs and downstairs really, they are different places.
2	My fiance and I were recently staying at Mandalay Bay for a week during a business conference he had there.  With that said we only had our nights together seeing that he had to work all day.  Which brings me to our dinner at RM seafood.  We made an 8:30 p.m. reservation and were pleased to know that they could seat us upon our early arrival and offered us the option of sitting upstairs, which we did.  To start, our waiter did not come over for about 5 minutes.  Then once one of the waiters took our wine order it was another 15 minutes until our 2 glasses of wine arrived, mine with cork in it.  I sent it back and could sense nothing but frustration when the manger glanced over at us.  Finally after being at our table for a 1/2 hour we had our drinks and put our appetizer order in.  The food was nothing short of amazing.  However, the disrespectful service we received overshadowed that cuisine.  There were about 5 people working in the room that night plus two managers that looked like secret service.  Being in the food industry for over 10 years now I know what fine dining is and what it isn't.  So if you want to eat upstairs you better make sure you are someone important or make them think that ,otherwise you will be left to be waited on by the busboy as we were.
5	This review is based on an overall review of the WHOLE restaurant. I have eaten there many times and now I am there all the time. The cafe style seating downstairs is pretty much just that,, a cafe. EXCELLENT FOOD, and nice atmosphere.. good enough service.. and a nice sushi menu.The best part  of the restaurant for me, is the finer dining upstairs. Cool atmosphere.. great service.. and Fantastic Food. I mean, imaginative recipes , great  and fresh flavors and excellent preparation. You have to be able to appreciate the different parts of the place for what they are.. 2 different aspects of great food. Go there, it is a gem in a city full of the same old thing. You will love it.
4	Service=great, ambiance=great, location=great. Full Bar-check.Upper level with "luxury" seafood-check.All in all a great choice. My fellow guests were blown away by the sushi. I made the mistake of going with a boooring fish and chips [wish the batter for the fish had more flavor :(] and now I regret not having the opportunity to try the clam chowder since my fellow yelpers seem to be fans. Oh well, there's always next time!
3	I organized a small dinner party here during a conference. The food was excellent. The service was okay, but not incredible (and I do feel that when you have a party of 20, it should be incredible).  There were a few times when I had to go find our waiter - especially towards the end of the meal. And that shouldn't be the case in this price point. My expectations were high for the food, and they delivered in that area.
4	After wandering around to a bunch of different restaurants here at mandalay i decided on this puppy for dinner. I dined alone which is always kind of awkward at first, but I thoroughly enjoyed myself here. I wasn't in the mood to sit in a restaurant in the middle of everything....this restaurant is kind of off to the side and it was much quieter and had a nice, relaxing atmosphere. I seriously could not decide what to order! I wanted to try so many things...the crab cakes, the clams with white wine, dijon, and garlic bread, the albacore sashimi with white truffle ponzu, the lobster mac and cheese (although my server was informed they were out while I was giving her my order so that solved my problem), or the crab gumbo served over rice. I wasn't super hungry so I went with the clams (my server suggested I get that) and a wedge salad.  They also give you these mini biscuits and corn bread muffins beforehand. Overall it was a great experience if you are in a relaxing mood and want a good glass of wine and great seafood.
3	Went here recently with friends and family, and must say, the food was quite good. This place's location might not be well known, but if you're in the south strip area and want some fish, you couldn't do much better at least for the downstairs option.Had the rock shrimp and the calamari for appetizers. The shrimp was good, but would have liked a bit more for the price. Didn't quite strike me as huge prawns. The calamari was good and I'm not a calamari fan so I'll leave it at that.Had a sushi roll next. Not quite an appetizer course, as it took too long to come out. That, combined with the roll, may be low point of the meal. It's not that anything was wrong with it, but simply that after all the raving that the waiter did about the sushi, it simply wasn't anything to write home about - a service + food problem!! If anything, the roll felt a bit underwhelming for the price you're paying. I'm kinda a snob for strip sushi though, so I'll at least give RM credit for putting it on the menu.entree: had the char done RM style. The lobster was the best thing I was served all evening, and the mix of the lobster meat, the hollandaise and the char made this non fish lover pretty happy despite himself. The potatoes and the vegetable were standard side item fare at a nice fish joint. Again, a slight service faux pas here, I ordered the RM style which came with potatoes and then asked for cheddar potatoes a moment later, hoping to just do the substitution on the RM style. The waiter didn't quite comprehend that and brought both; not his fault entirely, but a bit more attentiveness all around would help.Conclusion: I want to love this place, but I don't love fish, so props to the RM staff for running an excellent seafood place on the strip. From sushi to the oysters, it's clear that if it's in the sea, RM wants to take a stab at it, and they do a convincing job. Unfortunately the lack of a real knockout dish, along with a few service blunders prevent me from giving it the 4 stars. But if you're in the area and/or have a diverse group of fish lovers, definitely drop by.
3	service - goodatmosphere- Superiortaste - Goodpresentation - excellent I went for my birthday and I think I was really siked about going, maybe too siked,... We order oysters that where really good. But I forget because it was awhile just what everyone ordered for their entrees exactly but I know I got salmon.I just remember it not being so overwhelming delicious like I had hoped. That's the thing the food was good but forgettable. The main thing we felt we where paying for was the atmosphere and the ambulance- which was spectacular!
3	I'd really give RM Seafood 3-1/2 stars for the dessert (key lime pie) was really good, and the random spotting of Carrot Top (yes, the "comedian").I ordered a special salmon, which was somewhat overcooked (I think this may just be how Vegas cooks their fish, because I keep encountering this). The inside was still pretty good and not dried out, but the top was too crispy. There wasn't a ton of flavor - I felt like I was eating a dish on the menu that had a healthy heart sign next to it - but that was actually perfect recovery food after all the junk on the trip.Service was friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere is nice - not over the top. All in all, there are better places, but if you're looking for something more low-key in the Mandalay, this is a good spot.
4	First things first, a little PRICEY here. Each plate was at least $30-$40. Hence, the minus one star. Overall food though was pretty satisfying, how about a 4.5 stars! Appetizer of Crispy Crunchy Calamari was yummy. I think it was fresh! I had the Sushi with Shrimp Tempura in it. Either it was HELLA GOOD or i was HELLA HUNGRY. I also had the Seared Tuna with fried rice. It was good, but could have had more flavor. My boyfriend had GUMBO which he really really liked. He also liked the Cornbread but he prefers KFC's haha!Atmosphere was nice, great for couples, groups of friends, or even family. "Inside" was a little dark (dim) but "Outdoors" was nice and bright. You'll know why I put it in quotations when you visit...
5	I was put in charge of planning an impromptu cocktail party for 20 of my friends/coworkers.  Since we'd all been to every restaurant in Mandalay Bay like 100 times, I decided to go somewhere new (to me anyway).  Enter RM Seafood.I requested to be in the downstairs lounge, since our party has a tendency to be a bit rowdy and the upstairs lounge is apparently more upscale (aka - quiet).  I wasn't expecting much, as the appetizer selection only had the usual suspects:  fried calamari, popcorn shrimp, etc.I arrived first, and was pleasantly surprised that there was a cozy back area reserved just for us.  Our servers were upbeat, friendly and accommodating.  They each took the time to explain how everything would run and to get to know what type of group ours was and what they should expect.  They kept our food and drinks flowing and were just fabulous.  I wish I could remember their names, but in my champagne and Cakebread chardonnay haze, I seem to have forgotten.  I'm sorry ladies!!!Now the food.  OMG, so good and so much better than expected.  The calamari was delightfully peppery, the fried oysters were tender and flavorful, the popcorn shrimp and shrimp cocktail were both delicious.  And the best part was that all of this fried food was crispy and light, not greasy.  Our servers were really great about accommodating a member of our group who does not eat seafood as well.  While the menu was limited for non seafood lovers, they came up with a modified menu option just for him.So thank you ladies for making my party a success.  I can't wait to come back to enjoy a full meal next time!
4	Not too shabby.  A friend and I stopped in here as we were wandering around Vegas.  We had been in the mood for fish and it was almost like RM appeared as we said so.  The place was dead, but it was 2pm on a Tuesday, so I guess that's not too surprising.  We were seated and the specials explained to us right away.  They mentioned everything here was as fresh as possible (I filled in, "considering we're in the middle of the desert").  My friend ordered some sushi, I decided to go with their tuna melt and a beer.I chose very well.I posted a photo of the tuna melt which was like nothing I've ever had before.  The tuna was excellent. The cheese and bread surrounding it were also quite good.So, why 4 stars, you ask?Honestly, I think I lucked out.  The soup and sushi my friend ordered looked a little skimpy.  Especially for what he payed for them (Wait a minute, I think I was the one who payed. Now I feel even more cheated).  While he he said they were good, I could tell he was eying my sandwich with a little jealousy.Well, at least I shared some of my chips with him.
5	Ate at the bar in June '09. Two fine young, personable gents behind the bar. Jenifer and I both had the clam chowder.  Non-traditional. Very nice broth with finely minced veggies and clams. Served with a side of tasty, complimentary biscuits and corn bread muffins. Plus oyster crackers.  All for $10. Delicious and a very good value.As with all of the Mandalay Bay restaurants, they have a $45 priced fixed option dinner that ups to $55 after 6:30.  A la carte prices are in the gourmet seafood restaurant range.We were very pleased with the food and the people.  Manager John and the rest of the staff were very gracious and appropriately chatty with us.Would definitely go again.
5	One of my favorite meals from this trip. It's located somewhere in the Mandalay Bay, couldn't tell you exactly how to get there as I got lost in every hotel. Really friendly, attentive staff. Like most places in las vegas, no matter the price, any attire of dress goes...so odd but then again, it's the strangest city on earth. We started w/the Mussels...in a coconut broth, completely interesting and different and delicious. I had the clam chowder which was also fab. My mom and I shared the blackened catfish w/hushpuppies and mustard greens and they split it for us w/no charge. The seafood was fabulous and it was an all around wonderful meal. Expensive, but not outrageous compared to so many other places in the city.
4	I love seafood.  If it were legal I'd probably want to marry some oysters or a lobster or something.  First of all, this place is on Restaurant.com.  Yay coupons!  So with my super cheap $25 gift certificate the bf and I went for dinner.  We started out with the oyster sampler.  They were super fresh and so darn tasty.  We got some bread which they graciously refilled for us.  I had the scallops and the bf had something I can't quite remember.  We also ordered the cheese mashed potatoes and BBQ pork mac and cheese sides.  It was a ton of food but everything was delicious and the service was really great.  I think the only bad thing about the meal was that I was too full for dessert : (
4	Came here for coffee and dessert with my friends. It happened to be the night that Rick Moonen was on Top Chef Masters and was at the restaurant! That was pretty cool. But for our dessert we decided to try 'Rick's Tasting Game' which consisted of 16 Sorbet and Ice Cream flavors. There's a grid of the different flavors and you fill in the grid, guessing what the flavors were. It was pretty fun up until the last 2 flavors we tried. I won't spoil their flavors, but lets just say you definitely don't expect to taste savory flavors in dessert form.I'll definitely have to come here for a meal the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I wish rick moonen advanced on top chef masters. my heart broke a little when he lost.
2	2 stars for ambience and zero stars for food. Overpriced sushi that taste like the prepackaged sushi they sell at walmart. No joke stay away. This was the downer of our Vegas trip. :(
5	5 stars for the following reason:I did not like sushi until I ate sushi at RM Seafood. Now I'm hooked on it. I had a few bad experiences with sushi prior to giving RM a try.Yes, it is expensive! I have been 3 times and the staff is very friendly (I always sit at the bar). I have not had anything but the sushi however so this review is based strictly on that. The RM Roll was amazing! By far and away the best tasting sushi I have had.
5	THE ORDER:16 flavors of ice cream ($20)YYYIIIPPPEEE:Trying to figure out what flavors you are eating       & the debates that ensue between you and your table mates.BOOO:Shrimp cocktail ice cream     I'm not kidding     It was really strange. Like sweet ocean water. But not spit it out bad.SUMMARY:Pretend you are a Top Chief    Challenge your taste buds     Fun, unusual culinary experience.    It's a must take for special occasions & out of town guests.
4	Came here after a little bit of a letdown at another restaurant. Wife had a delicious crab cake and I had the most lobstery (if that's even a word) lobster bisque ever. Very flavorful without the heaviness and a couple of actual lobster chunks. Delicious. Like they took every last bit of lobster flavor out of the lobster.We actually came here for the 4 x 4 ice cream dessert. Our server was great. Very friendly and helpful. The dessert consists of 16 little dishes, each with a small scoop of ice cream. Now the fun begins... They only let you know one flavor (vanilla). The rest is up to you and your tastebuds. The do have one that's really weird on your plate (we had bacon flavored) but the server was nice enough to tell us which one to be wary of. The flavors change so you can try your luck again at guessing. I will try again the next time I'm back.
5	This place is the bomb.  I came here last weekend with my sister's boyfriend.  We sat at the bar since we didn't have a reservation and didn't feel like waiting.  Our bartender/waiter was awesome.  He was super friendly, made a couple of nice beverage suggestions, and always checked in on us.  I had the sea bass with sweet peas and caramelized onions and it was incredible.  The skin was so crispy and the fish was so light...wow.  My sister's boyfriend had the swordfish and that was super good too.  They had a nice selection of alcohol, and it was cheaper than the Verandah at the Four Season.  Plus the pours were really healthy.  Definitely going back to eat some more.
4	This was the one restaurant for which we booked reservations ahead of our trip, once we knew we were staying at Mandalay Bay. I was not disappointed, even though I was a little wary that the menu might be a little over-ambitious. Everything from sushi to clam chowder and biscuits. The service was fantastic: our waiter  was new, a little nervous, but so friendly and accomodating. I had the weirdest combination of food I have ever tried: a yellowtail jalapeno roll and BBQ pork mac 'n' cheese! Both very fresh, unique and delicious. The cocktail menu is equally mind boggling, but the gin and tonic variation with the lemon, simple syrup and basil was out of this world. A terrific wine selection as well, and corn bread and biscuits are complimentary. A bonus: the vegetarian at our table discovered some tasty options, not all on the menu.
4	Fresh and tasty Seafood. This was our second time to try RM Seafood and this time it was excellent. Our first time around left something to be desired, wasn't bad but wasn't memorable either. This time made me want to come back. My wife and I shared the steamed mussels served with garlic bread and the Garlic Tuna appetizers which were both as fresh as possible and bursting with flavor. For our dinners we shared the seared scallops served with a scalloped corn and the fish and chips. the scallops were perfectly cooked and complimented by the corn so perfectly. They also had a touch of Lemon Verbena on top which added a nice flavor component. The fish and chips was crispy and so delicate, I didn't want to stop eating. The service was very attentive and kept our drinks full. Chef Moonen was on site in the dining room which is always unusual to see and he even offered one table a tour of the kitchen. Just wish it had been us. We will definitely go back.
4	As it was "Restaurant Week" in Las Vegas, RM Seafood offered a prix fixe for $30.09. The second course of this prix fixe was the signature "RM Cioppino" which normally runs around $33 by itself. We had the prix fixe. The host was professional and friendly. A bit too handsome though, I prefer my fine dining host to be an attractive-yet-seemingly-sexually-accessible female, or an eager-to-please eunuch.The wait staff were all attentive and quick, hustling about without looking as though they were rushing. If I worked at this restaurant, they would have to hide my sweaty fumbling in a back refrigerator.The ambiance was pleasant. The lighting was just dim enough for the candles to add a visual warmth. The sounds from the kitchen and surrounding conversations held at soothing levels.The biscuits and cornbread were tasty.We each ordered an appetizer. (three of us)I got the Top Chef Masters Moondoggies. Basically a seafood corndog, but not basic at all!  Absolutely delicious. Since a series of superlatives won't do this deep-fried-wonder-on-a-stick justice, I will attempt a play-by-play of my mouth:8:32pmWaiter arrives with Moondoggies. Two "moondoggies", each roughly the size of a C-cell battery, accompanied by a small mound of slaw. I pick up a moondoggie.Heat radiates from the dog as my teeth break though outer crust of cornmeal, which cracks in a manner similar to a deep-fried spring roll wrapper.My teeth cleave through the steaming mantle of cornmeal and firm "dog" flesh, and the fried shell touches my tongue. Its surface feels glassy, as if made up of thousands of smooth, tiny pebbles.I chew, as the umami-rich juice of the dog fills my mouth. Once solid flesh of the dog breaks into its components, a chunk of shrimp here, a scallion disk there, a bit of cilantro, a sliver of garlic.I continue to chew, the savory dog mixes with the light sweetness of the cornmeal. Bits of the crispy cornmeal shell sporadically crackle.I sip waterI lick a bit of the green cilantro mayonnaise squiggle they have squirted upon the dog. It's nice, but a little too mild to factor heavily in the flavor play. Maybe if I had a little bowl to dip the dog in?8:33-5pmMore biting and chewing with similar results.8:36pmMoondoggie named lightweight champion of my mouth.The other appetizers were a shrimp cocktail (very good, but nothing worth writing about) and a Beef Tartar (well spiced and tender, with great flavor, but again, not a champion.)One friend ordered a glass of wine, so we all did. I can't tell you how ignorant I am about wine, so let me show you: The wine comes to the table. I take a sip, and I damn-near hear music it is so good. They must have stolen this stuff from God's own cellar, from the door with the lock on it.I ask "what is this?".My friend, who eats at fine dining establishments about as often as I eat at Arby's (about once a week, *sob*), says, "I'm not sure, but it's a pinot noir".I think to myself, "but this is a 'White' wine. 'Noir' means 'Black' in the French language." Luckily, I didn't reveal how stupid I am by uttering any of that out loud. I just said, "Really?" and made a puzzled face.So the wine was really good, and now I'm beginning to wonder why my two best friends put up with my ignorant ass.On to the Prix Fixe:1st CourseIceberg BLTBacon, Sweet 100's, Buttermilk Ranch DressingYuck! This was the worst part of the meal. A wedge of iceberg lettuce, two cherry tomatos, some bacon, and crumbled bleu cheese. I really think someone forgot the rest of the buttermilk dressing. I ate it all anyway. Fat bastard.2nd CourseRM CioppinoThis is what a great recipe properly executed tastes like. Mussels, clams, prawns, seasonal fish, and calamarata pasta tied together by a light, mouthwateringly memorable, tomato broth/sauce. Mussels and clams popped lightly when bitten, the flesh tender when chewed. The pasta, cooked to bull's eye perfection, was a wonderful foil for the broth and it's tiny chunks of tomato. To be honest, the prawns were the slightest bit overcooked when compared to the mussels and clams (where was the pop and give? the tenderness?). The small cubes of seasonal fish, like the pasta, seemed to accentuate the savory broth rather than standing on its own. The dish was accompanied by two pieces of heavy-fat garlic bread. Yet another vehicle for that incredible broth. It's a substantial course. Imagine a globe the size of a basketball. Slice through this basketball/globe at the arctic circle, from the arctic circle up to the north pole is around the amount of deliciousness you get.3rd CourseBlueberry CobblerBellys full, our dining experience requirements soundly met, and fearing disappointment, we considered asking for the check and exiting at this most excellent moment.Could a desert synonymous with shoe repair provide a satisfying coda to this nourishing sonata?Absolutely. Definitely stick around for this bad boy.
4	Great service and very fresh seafood. Only downer was the rice they used in the nigiri sushi. It seemed as if it were days old, hard, unseasoned and just awful. I don't think it was even short grain sticky rice. Order sashimi instead to enjoy the fresh fish.
5	Rick Moonen's RM Seafood does not get as much recognition as some of the high profile restaurants in Las Vegas, but in a way, I prefer it that way. Based upon past experiences, some of the more lauded and lionized establishments along The Strip have become too big for their britches, charging ridiculous prices for just very good food. Hell, if I have to drop $500 at one sitting in Vegas, then it better come with a happy ending!On the night that we dined there, the upstairs dining was closed (damn this recession!), and although I was disappointed, I thought the downstairs dining room -- with its white leather booths and maple-stained tables and chairs -- had a casual elegance to it that was unpretentious yet visually appealing.For dinner we ordered the large chilled shellfish sample, which was a multi-tiered steeple tower of seafood holiness and contained 1 whole lobster, 12 oysters, 6 clams, 6 shrimp, mussels, 1/2 Dungeness crab, and a seafood escabeche (calamari, mussels, shrimp, king crab, in a spicy vinaigrette). The entire spread was literally an altar for the senses, from the cornucopia of shapes and colors, to the briny freshness of the sea, to the sweetness of the shellfish meat. We washed down the entire thing (well, almost all of it) with a bottle of the 2007 Rivers-Marie Chardonnay ($25 corkage), which in taste and texture is a dead ringer for a white Burg. And while not cheap, our bill was a fraction of what we might have paid at some of the other high-roller restaurants in town.But as good as the food was, the best part of our meal had to be when Chef Rick Moonen himself came by our table and shared some wine with us. As gregarious and hyperactive as he appears on television, this Top Chef Master completely won us over with his passion for life and generosity of spirit. The ballers can have their bling, but the next time we visit Las Vegas, we'll skip the exorbitance of the other places and instead feast like kings at RM Seafood.
4	We were on a quest for food at the Mandalay Bay on a Saturday night around 9:30PM.  It's surprising, but a lot of restaurants close at 10PM in Las Vegas, even though it's a city that basically operates 24 hours a day.  So we were afraid our options would be limited or ridiculously expensive.  Enter RM Seafood.  It's right inside the Mandalay Place mall with two floors of dining - a regular dining room downstairs, and a chic lounge upstairs.  We sat upstairs, and the decor was eclectic but pretty.  They offer a sushi menu as well as a more traditional seafood menu.  Extensive wine list, lots of cocktails.  The waitstaff was friendly and helpful, even though they'd just had a mad rush of people before a Justin Timberlake concert.  They said they were still trying to clean up and recover, but we didn't really notice any flaws in the service.I ordered from the sushi menu.  The edamame was flavored not just with salt, but also with lemon and a bit of hot pepper.  Very tasty!  I got a lovely albacore nigiri that melted in my mouth, and then two special signature nigiri orders.  There was arctic char with crispy shiitake, acacio honey, and fresh wasabi, which was slightly sweet but well-balanced and delicate in flavor.  And the "ceviche-style" scallop with citrus and avocado?  AMAZING.  I love raw scallops in my sushi, but this was just perfect.  Best I've ever had.  I was thrilled to have three buttery-soft, delicious scallops to savor.  I almost ordered a second round.My dinnermate ordered the tea-smoked arctic char from the more traditional menu, and it was also delicious.  It had a nice, subtle smokiness and was served on a bed of cucumber, red onion, and a sauce that was reminiscent of tartar sauce.  The bread basket served with this contained tiny, perfect buttermilk biscuits.  I snuck a few bites of each!We spent $60 for both of us without any drinks - which isn't outrageous for dinner in Vegas, especially when it included sushi.  It was a lovely, relaxed experience, and I'd be happy to return and savor some more scallops.
2	I think there's a reason why this place doesn't get much recognition.  Top to bottom from service to food to setting, this place whimpers mediocrity with a screaming price tag. We actually decided not to go back to our favorite joint Bouchon so we can try out some new taste on the strip.  That was a wrong decision.First it's not without a good dish...the Jumbo Crab Cake was splendid...flavorful and meaty but that was the end of it and we just got started.  This is probably when they say in the kitchen " hey it's "sea" food...so guess what...there's only one flavor in the sea kids! " Because it seems they masked all possible flavor with saltiness.   It's like they put salt on top of the salt crystal that they use for the Chowder and to mix with the rub on the Wild Cobia. Where do you get your salt Rick Moonen?  and our wisecracking waiter seems to be a smart guy who has no clue how each of the fish on the menu is prepared.  It was painful.  I am willing to pay top dollars for a deserving high quality food...but it's such a sore disappointment to pay for such lameness.The good: The jumbo crab cake...there's no deny here that it was good tasty crab meat...how I wish the entire meal was like this. And the dude who kept our water constantly filled, he was extremely nice and courteous...how I wish he was our waiter.The Bad: Salt is the star of the show. They should change the name to Rick Moonen's RM Saltyfood.The Conclusion:This was a kink in our otherwise splendid Vegas trip. I see this place got a lot of decent reviews. So may be someone knocked over the salt shaker that night. No matter. I will not return or recommend...not for this price.
4	Great food and great service! A very creative menu and loved the fish dishes....even the way they prepared sushi was different. I also loved how they had a variety of loose leaf teas. I couldn't stop eating the warm bread they bring out shortly after being seated....yum! There was a rush of customers since it was before a Justin Timberlake concert, which is why we were there. We ended up leaving without getting our main dishes b/c of the rush, but it was fine since we had a couple appetizers and they weren't small. It also didn't phase us since the staff were so nice.....we just understood that it was out of their control. However,  the manager that night, Robert, found out and truly made it up to us. Talk about excellent customer service. I didn't think it existed anymore, but Robert proved me wrong. We actually returned the very next night and finally got our main dishes. We were very pleased with how he handled the situation the night before.  The staff were very friendly and attentive. We will definitely return....esp b/c of the great service we received. Again, great staff and delish food.
3	I need to come back here to get a better opinion. I went here on Friday around 4pm, and I was told by the hostess that only the oyster bar and sushi menus were active at that time. Fine. Had just gotten into Vegas, was kind of feeling seafood. Remembered Rick Moonen's appearance on Top Chef Masters and wanted to go. So I need to return to try the cooked items. But for the experience I actually had...I had the oyster sampler ($21) and a martini ($12). I wanted that Mad Men diet. As a sampler, the oysters ranged from okay to quite good. The mignonette was very flavorful. My only complaint with that dish was a little grit I found in one. My friend had a glass of wine and some of the sushi platters, and while he thought they were decent, he felt they were overpriced. Together, we racked up a bill of nearly $90. But the restaurant showed some promise...the menu seemed appetizing, the service was attentive, the decor worked. I would be willing to go back.
2	After seeing Rick Moonen on Top Chef Masters we were expecting a fantastic meal - it was okay at best.  I had the oyster combo plate and Black cod. My girlfriend had the clam chowder.  You really cant mess up oysters, just shuck them and put on a plate. The Clam chowder wasn't really thick and the only good thing going for it was the clams were a good size, other than that, we've had better at Bodega Bay.  The Black cod was cooked good, but if I am going to spend a $100 on a meal, I want to eat something that I cant cook as good myself. This wasn't the case.  I think that this place is over rated and if you want a good place to eat, I would suggest Rosemary's (http://www.rosemarysrestaurant.com/) a short drive away - now this place rocks and I think Rick can learn a few things about cooking from this place
5	I had passed this restaurant located just outside Mandalay Bay's casino room beside the escalators that takes patrons over to the Luxor Hotel & Casino earlier in the day, and after reading some reviews about it I decided to go back.The dining room has a nice airy feeling to it with lots of shiny chrome and little mirrors to accent the interior.  Tables and chairs are all stained wood and the smooth melamine white vinyl couches are firm and cushiony.  The hostess sat me down with a double-sided menu, a catalog of available wines and an order form for raw oysters.  My waiter, Julius, came around right away to greet me and take my drink order and offer me water.  When it was determined I didn't want wine or oysters those menus quickly disappeared from the table.Most of the main dishes that the restaurant serves are seafood-based, but I did notice a beef burger on the lunch menu.  In addition the second side of the menu offered nigiri, sashimi, sushi and Asian inspired appetizers.  I wasn't quite clear on some of the ingredients listed, and the waiter was excellent in answering my questions as well as giving me a little background on Executive Chef Rick Moonen.After consulting with the waiter I ordered the Warm Soba appetizer and two specialty rolls, the California Roll (I was playing it safe!) and the Ebi Go Roll.  The waiter returned with disposable chopsticks, a ceramic soup spoon and a shaker of soy sauce.  Considering that the dining room was more than half full the time lines on the food were excellent.The Warm Soba (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LYWbyu1EQM2o5hwHG5_Ldg?select=0AWoj6zm-riOcrL2irrXYA) was excellent with thin strands of dark-colored soba noodles in a flavorful dashi (broth).  Nice fatty pieces of braised pork belly circled the rim of the bowl and in the center was a delightful soft boiled quail egg.  As described the soba was warm.Both of the rolls arrived on the same platter.  The California Roll (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LYWbyu1EQM2o5hwHG5_Ldg?select=JqumIcuWOSYljeqMuu6ydg) was mostly minced up blue crab with a bit of ripe avocado and crunchy cucumber.  Topped by toasted sesame seeds the roll was very good.  The Ebi Go Roll (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LYWbyu1EQM2o5hwHG5_Ldg?select=O7vm8KezcXcZVUtj5givbQ) was magnificent.  It is crunchy tempura shrimp with Kabayaki, avocado and jalapenos, wrapped in sushi rice then wrapped again with fresh tuna and topped with a jalapeno sauce and micro cilantro.  I loved the texture comparison between the soft tuna and the crunchy shrimp as well as the flavor contrasts between the tuna and the jalapenos.  Both rolls were made very well too as all of the ingredients stayed intact and did not fall apart.The meal left me stuffed but wonderfully happy.
3	Its says sushi when you get there but the selection is tiny though good. there is better sushi in the casino by far so dont take the time to go here if that is what you are looking for
3	Being a Top Chef fan, I was excited to try this place. My husband gives this place a two (bad clam chowder), I gave it a four. We split the differ and gave it a three. I had the three course for $55. Note: after looking at the menu, I saved $1. Not such a great meal deal after all... Anyway, I started with the California roll. Pretty standard issue...except for the real crab! Why don't restaurants use real crab??!!  I would pay extra for this. Husband had the the clam chowder - his favorite and something he doesn't pass up if it's on the menu. It was pretty bad. The clams were like rubber bands. Gross. I had the cioppino. Delicious, and very fresh. The pasta (never seen it served this way) was a bit too filling - I was stuffed. Husband had the fish and chips, which he found "nothing special". We ended with the creamcicle, which was fantastic! Nice end to dinner. Nothing mind-blowing here, but I'd visit again.
1	What a let-down!  I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.First and foremost, the service was some of the worst I have ever had.  We waited for everything, whether it was from the bar, the kitchen, or the sushi bar...  None of the waiters knew who ordered what or what was on the plate...  None of them pointed out which oysters were which or which sushi was what.... When asked about the timing of some things, they were snotty and unapologetic.Whatever we ate was mediocre.  The only thing I enjoyed was the oysters, but we ate those so early in the evening that the only thing I left with was a bad taste in my mouth.DON'T GO HERE.
5	Came here for a "snack" around 3pm, despite everyone saying "enjoy your lunch!"  We started with the futo fire roll consisting of spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, crab and avocado.  Tuna is not spicy at all, but you can incorporate the sriracha-like sauce to your liking.  The crab in the roll is very fresh.  The crab cake was also very good, but the accompanying jicama salad was less likeable, having an odd tartness.  And finally, the calamari.  Small tender pieces, equally numbers of rings and tentacles - very important to me because I eat all the tentacles and my guy eats all the rings.  Lightly breaded, and didn't get soggy in the pomodoro sauce.  So tasaty and fresh!  And then I realized I could never eat calamari again, because no other calamari could top this.
2	I must first disclose that I don't eat shellfish, but will eat any other type of seafood.  This place seems better known for its shellfish, but for those of you that care, I will write anyway.First they have a Catfish Sloppy Joes that was rated one of the best in the country by Esquire magazine.  The only problem: its not available for dinner.  I would think that if they have a plate that is rated top of the line, it would be available all the time.I went with the duck gnocchi which was tasty.  I also went with 3 other people that did order seafood, and can let you know what they said.First, the sushi is not good.  Our waiter made sure to tell us that the only thing they have raw is the oysters.  What makes their sushi stand out apart from everyone else is the presentation.  I swear to you that the rolls that were ordered for our table looked like they cost $5 and I have seen better presented rolls for $5 than what they did.(Note, when I asked if the Catfish Sloppy Joes was available, the waiter said "Well it's only been a few hours since lunch ended so we probably have some sitting around."  Never ever say you have food "sitting around").The cocktails looked good, but their was nothing special about them.  Way over priced.  The best thing about the meal was the bread they gave before hand which were little corn bread muffins and amazing mini biscuits.
3	Came here for dinner when I stayed at Mandalay Bay. While the restaurant's name suggests its a great seafood restaurant, I went ahead and ordered the ribeye. It was surprisingly VERY good. Very juicy, tender and cooked perfectly to order. Would definitely recommend this dish.The service is pretty good, though the waiters can seem a bit overly positive about each menu item (I think I heard "best in Nevada," "amazing," etc. multiple times). Other things that were good here were the capoianni (sp?), mashed potatoes and the biscuits/corn bread. The calamari is standard - don't believe the waters' hype.
4	One of the best restaurants in Las Vegas, either for lunch or dinner.  For lunch, the fish tacos, shrimp tacos, and ceviche are my favorite.  For dinner, it's the scallops.  The food is outstanding.  Service is good, and the decor is not as "over the top" as in other Vegas dining locations.
4	I think I drank 4 Gingerales in one sitting....We sat at the tall tables by the bar, and there was one guy taking care of that section of the restaurant. Considering he was all by himself taking orders, serving, and bartending, the service was very good. He smiled the whole time and was very nice.  Our friends recommended the cat fish sloppy joes here, and I couldn't understand what would be so good about fish sloppy joes.  Apparently Oprah likes it and featured the dish on her show. After scanning the room and seeing multiple Oprah pictures, I decided to order it. It took a while to get our order but I guess all the cooking and waiting was totally worth it! It was delicious and came with pickles and potato chips.  I couldn't believe how good it was. Our other friend ordered the crab cake, which came with one crab cake and jicama.  I thought it tasted fresh, but could have used more salt or something.  Not sure if the crab cake was worth it..... maybe if it came with two crab cakes :P I wonder how the rest of the menu is......
5	Have you ever been sad that a meal was going to end? Have you ever taken smaller bites when your plate was just about empty so it could last longer? Have you ever wanted to lick your plate clean? Well, this is exactly how I felt while eating at RM Seafood. The crab cake, fish tacos, grilled shrimp risotto, fat Elvis, and tangerine creamsicle were wonderful. This restaurant participates in Monterey Bay Aquarium's Seafood Watch program which supports sustainable seafood. This is the main reason why I ate here. It was nice being able to order anything off the menu and not have to worry about how it was caught or farmed. This is a MUST for anyone visiting the Las Vegas area. Simply wonderful from beginning to end. If I am ever in Las Vegas again I will definitely be eating here.
4	My fiance and I come back here every time we go to Vegas. He loves their catfish sloppy joe!! He loves fish and sloppy joe's so obviously he would fall in love with this one. He doesn't even like to share it with me. I loved the jumbo crab cake, but the last time I ate it, it was really bland. Hopefully that wasn't a normal occurrence. There was a buffalo shrimp entree that they had here a few months back, but they took it off the menu. My fiance was crushed. This was one of the few places where they made a good buffalo shrimp. I personally like the sushi even though it is ever priced. I like the tempura roll. One roll honestly gets me full. I couldn't even finish the last piece of it.On terms of service, we have had good service there, but the last visit, there was only one waiter for the bar area. I guess they weren't expecting so many people so I'll be understanding for that. The food also took a while, but like I said, this was the most people I saw at that restaurant during lunch time.
1	I honestly can't remember the last time I had worse experience at a restaurant.  I have been known to forgive bad service when the food makes up for it, but on this occassion that wasn't the case.  The food was not the worst part of our dinner at RM but it didn't do much to overcome the offensively awful service. To begin with, it was not clear when I made the reservation whether or not the upstairs (more upscale) part of the restaurant was open.  I gathered from the website that it was not and we took our seats downstairs when we were seated.  Our waiter told us once we were seated that it was open and suggested that we come back while we were in Las Vegas to eat up there.  Well, I will never be returning to RM in my life and I would never take a suggestion from that waiter.  Which brings me to my next point....Our waiter, Daniel, was a complete imbicile.  It was almost as if he was in an entirely different place than us, because he was so oblivious to what was going on at our table.  To begin with, service was very slow.  It did take us a while to decide on our dinner, but that didn't mean that we wanted to wait to be served our dinner once we ordered.  Nor did it mean that we wanted to sit there with our empty appetizer and salad plates in front of us for the duration of our wait for our entrees either.  The wine took an equally long time to arrive.  Daniel was absent for much of the meal unless he was trying to upsell us on something and we often had to ask the food runners or other servers for extra plates and for bread.  We were never offered bread and I noticed that other people had these wax paper-lined baskets on their tables and I had to assume that bread was offered at this establishment and ask for it myself.  That, to me, is a major transgression.  I'm glad we did, not only because our wait for our entrees was so long, but because the little biscuits in those baskets were really delicious.  When our meal did arrive, my surf and turf was all wrong.  The turf was very rare and when I flagged Daniel over to tell him, he wanted to take the entire plate away and I suggested that I could still eat my surf rather than have it sit under a heating lamp while the kitchen refired my filet.  So Daniel brings me a bread plate to flop my entire half of a 2 pound lobster onto.  When we flagged down another server to get me a bigger plate, he looked at the lobster hanging off of my plate and seemed embarrassed.  When I did get to dig into my lobster, it tasted like it had, in fact, been sitting under a heat lamp for too long.I told Daniel to forget the steak because we had a show to catch that we were nearly late for at this point.  A few minutes later a young girl, who was possibly a manager or maybe a mime came to the table with my steak and whispered some sort of apology, but no one at our table could even hear what she said because she was so soft-spoken and timid.  They brought me my steak anyway, because they clearly sitll wanted to charge me $40 for it.  All in all, I ended up with an improperly cooked, $80 meal, that I had to eat as quickly as possible.When I got my steak, most of our table was done with their meals.  Apparently the cobia and the scallops were good, but there was so much going on at the table and we were so rushed that it didn't seem to matter.  I had to try to scarf down my filet, which is not my preferred manner of eating in order to get out of that horrible restaurant and make it to our show.  As I was downing my steak and my fellow patrons were staring at their empty plates, Daniel came by and asked  "So far so good?"  What?  What planet was this guy on and to whom was he speaking because clearly this was not the appropriate thing for him to say.  Nor was it appropriate that he walked away from our table empty handed after we requested our check.  Before we dashed out to catch a cab, my sister-in-law and I visited the filthy ladies room while the guys paid the bill.  They split the bill on their credit cards and Daniel, true to form, brought only one pen for both of them to find a spot on the cluttered table and fill in their overly generous ten percent tip.
5	Took the hottie there for Valentine's Weekend.  The upstairs just opened so made a reservation and went for the prix fixe menu.  The ambiance is nice and calm, looks like you are on a ship.  The food was magnificent!  I don't remember all of the dishes but I will give you a review of some of my favorites.  Tried some of the hottie's spider crab which was so sweet.  She also had the squab which I can honestly say was the best squab I've ever had.  So juicy for a small bird.  I had the China pork and since I'm Chinese it had better be good.  Well it was... nice and crispy on the outside, fatty on the inside... yum.  The only downside to the meal was that the portions were a bit small but at a price of $65 its pretty good.  When we left, we saw Rick Moonen talking to an employee.  We asked to take a picture with him and he was very gracious.  Two big thumbs up!
4	My boyfriend and I were in search of a good seafood place when we got to vegas.  We saw rm and thought it would be worth a shot. When the server told us that rm was the best place to get sushi and seafood we were skeptical.  Could you blame us? i mean this is vegas... everyone claims they are the "best".  Furthermore, my boyfriend is a seafood fanatic and hard to impress.  surprisingly, rm Seafood did not let us down.  We pretty much ordered everything on the menu.... three different sushi rolls, a medium seafood platter (lobster, oysters, seafood salad, and prawns), Salmon Nigiri, Salmon and Tuna sashimi, crab cake, and a shrimp risotto.  Incredibly, almost everything was tasty...  The crab cake was small for the price.  I was not that impressed with the sauce and the cake itself might have needed a little more seasoning.The server was very attentive and the back up staff was definitely on their game.  It might have been because we came a couple hours before closing and ours was the only table... nonetheless... we were happy.They have an awesome beer selection.  After watching the movie Beer Wars, my bf and I have grown to appreciate restaurants that offer craft beers from micro breweries... and they had a huge selection...
2	Eh. Had a business lunch there recently and was underwhelmed. A couple of things were good, one was great and couple were absolutely undistinguished. Lunch for 4 was $200, and a couple of people left hungry. Great dish with grilled fish on brussel sprouts in horseradish cream sauce, and one of the sushi rolls was great, look for teh one with Saracha. They don't have ice-tea. Atmosphere is a bit like dining at a restaurant in a mall, because that's where it is. Oysters were the smallest I've ever seen, literally. Service was passable.
5	the crabcakes is what brought us here. i kept searchingup about crabcakes here on yelp & the pictures boughtme. so bf & i came here our first day. very nice workers,kenny served up some very good service, the crabcakeswere one of the best ive ever had. it came with jicamassalad & like a chipotle sauce. im drooling. lol. bf got themac&cheese with pork & jalapenos which was a hugeportion, we also for the kung pao scallops. very good. igot the grilled shrimp with saffron rissotto. very good. wehad a couple problems with them charging it to our roomthat day. but we just paid for it anyway. the price was goodtoo! it was cheaper than we guessed our bill was going tobe. the next day we were in vegas, we had a few hours tokill before the lance burton show were were going to.. sowe ate there again! im telling you the food is good. so thistime we got a crabcake each, boyfriend tried the prime ribburger there. he loved it but couldnt finish it. & i tried the alaskan halibut. perfectly seasoned. & luckily this time wehad no problems charging to our room. this spot  is no joke.i recommend this spot to everybody especially if youre aseafood lover. next time we go to vegas, i know im definatelycoming back again. thaaaank yooouuu rick moonen! =D
4	Most recent visit (March 2010): I just recently had dinner here a few weeks back.  Our server explained the whole "sustainable seafood" to us, which I always think is awesome.  Maybe because i love animals and don't eat meat....i know i shouldn't eat seafood...but the Omega 3s help me.  The one thing I remember about this place is that everything is FRESH.  We had oysters, crab cakes, fish entree and i of course had sashimi.  For dessert, we ordered the 16 sorbets/ice creams in an assortment of flavors. You are supposed to guess the flavors...which we got all wrong.  The craziest one was Split Pea (gross) and the fruit ones (ie Tangerine) was amazing.  My 1st visit (Jan 2010):Our server explained to us the whole "sustainable seafood" beliefs and it was the first time i heard that.  It was really cool and i thought it was great that they do ethically think about our sea friends.  We had sashimi, macaroni and cheese, dessert....it was good.  I obviously went back.  If anything this place has fresh seafood.
5	RM Seafood offers it all - casual dining downstairs and fine dining upstairs, all with some of the best food and service on the west coast.Rick's dedication to our oceans survival through use and education about sustainable seafood is only the tip of the RM iceberg.  Rick's love of food comes thru in every dish, and you won't have a better culinary experience anywhere.I recommend RM to every friend and relative that visits me in Vegas, and I recommend it to you.  Try the Tasmanian Trout sushi, the catfish sloppy joes, or the entire tasting menu on the second floor.  You can thank me later.  Tell Rick that I sent you. (Seriously, tell him I sent you.)
4	I loved Top Chef last season especially because it was in Vegas! It's just a great place to showcase celebrity chef food. During Restaurant Wars, the contestants battled it out in this restaurant. Being an advocate for sustainable seafood, I knew I had to try it when I was in town. Tataki Sushi here in SF has the same concept. Hopefully this trend catches on nation wide.Bf and I wanted to try as many things as possible and since I usually like appetizers more than entrees we decided to go that way. We started out with a small chilled platter: 1/2 Lobster, 6 Oysters, 3 Clams, 3 Shrimp, Mussels and an RM Escabeche. Everything was mouthwateringly fresh. I had to try some sushi when I saw the Shot and Roll: Seared Foie Gras Wrapped in a Tempura Roll topped with Uni, accompanied by a sake bomb. There is nothing that I love more than foie gras and uni. This had to be the end all be all! And I didn't care one bit that it was $32. Disappointment soon followed when I saw that it was only four pieces. The foie gras was fine but not mind blowing like at Michael Mina. The uni was small in portion but still good. The idea is amazing but someone needs to take it and run with it. Our Moon Doggies Shrimp Corn Dogs with Cole Slaw and Cilantro Mayo were awesome. These are definitely the best "corn dogs" I've had. The best, crisp yet soft exterior were perfect with the savory shrimp on the inside. The main dish was a Rainbow Trout Brussels Sprouts, Bacon and Horseradish Cream. YUM YUM YUM! Just get it.I thought the Red Velvet Whoopie Pies with Coconut Milkshake was a playful dessert though the cake was a bit dry. I did love the milkshake though. It was smooth and flavorful and would have been a very adult milkshake indeed if it were not for the overload of sprinkles. Though we didn't try it, they also had an ice cream tasting test of 16 flavors for dessert. You have to match the scoops with the answers on a card they give you. I love that the desserts are fun here! The service was wonderful throughout our whole meal and the food was a delight for the most part. Rick Moonen has done a great job here and I know he can only go up from here. I can't wait to see him compete on Top Chef Masters this season. It starts on Wednesday!
5	A must try!Loved their spin on the caterpillar roll.Great service.Terrific service and food.Very pricey. My foie appetizer was just 1 itty bitty piece for $30.The presentation of thier dishes are very appealing.
5	I might be a little generous because I had a couple cocktails in me before we even sat, but Rick Moonen's was an awesome experience.  The food was great, the service was fantastic, and the decor was simple and clean.From our server Candice, to the bussers and other staff, everyone was very friendly and accommodating.  They would step to the side if you were walking and ask to take your plate away.Their crab cakes are awesome!  I usually don't like crab cakes because they taste fishy, but these were just pan fried on the outside so they were crispy but oh so delicious.  Also their chicken entree was great.  Crispy on the skin and juicy on the inside.Candice had the bartender make a special martini for me because I didn't like the one I had ordered, and without hesitation, she took it away.  Can't remember what was in it, but the bartender even came over to our table to make sure I liked it.  It had vodka, St. Germaine liqueur, and some other ingredients, but it tasted like a sweet and tart lemonade...with booze!Definitely coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I am not one to give five stars easily, but this restaurant deserves every one of them.  RM Seafood is an excellent seafood restaurant that boasts an impressive wine, cocktail, and hot tea list.  On top of all that, they have a variety of choices for appetizers, entrees, and sides.  When you first walk up they have a counter where you check in.  If it's your first time they let you know that there are two eating areas--the fancy area upstairs and the casual dining downstairs.We were seated in the casual eating area and immediately greeted by our server, Clifton, who explained the entire menu and what sustainable fish means.  He made several suggestions for appetizers, sushi, entrees, and dessert, so we went with some of his suggestions for the evening.  After ordering a few cocktails we were ready to begin the culinary journey.Crab cake: beautifully plated with jicama salad and a spicy aioli.  The crab cake was 99 percent crab with a beautiful crust on both sides.  The flavor was a nice seasoning of herbs and pepper, but the seasoning didn't overpower the lovely sweetness of the meat itself.  When combined in one bite with the jicama salad, it was fantastic!  The textures of the crunchy jicama and soft crab meat really had my taste buds dancing.Green garlic soup: I know what you're thinking.  What a weird name.  This soup was one of the best bisques I've eaten in Vegas, hands down.  The texture is silky and as for flavor, you get this lovely green garlic taste that isn't overpowering, then a sweet, creamy finish in the back of your palette.  The crab meat gives more texture and then you taste the meyer lemon in there--it's a perfect starter and one of my favorite soups now.Bread basket: I have to mention the bread basket because they serve these adorable cubed biscuits that are really good.  Flaky but with enough body to hold it's own, it's a sweet, buttermilk biscuit that we ordered seconds of.  His corn bread honestly tasted like the ones I make from scratch, so I was happy with them, too.Spicy tuna roll: Excellent suggestion from our server.  You can get a tuna roll anywhere in Vegas--even at the buffets--but this one was slightly unique from the others.  Their "eel" sauce is an in-house sauce made from soy and several other ingredients to make it sweet but not overpowering.  This sauce soaks into the super white and regular tuna pieces that lay on top of the roll, and within there is the tuna mixed with sriracha and seasoning with a tempura green onion laid over the spicy tuna before it was rolled up.  I don't favor too much spice in my food this one wasn't hot at all. It had a nice kick to it that wasn't overpowering, and with that cool "eel" sauce on the outside all the flavors balanced well.Wreckfish skewers: my husband ordered this and I tasted it.  With the chunks of fresh pineapple on the skewer and the pineapple sauce on the base with some greens, it was a fresh and fun presentation.  The fish itself was bold and firm, but cooked perfectly so that it flaked when cut with a fork.  The pineapple was something I was concerned about because my husband doesn't eat pineapple, but he ate the entire plate and even wiped up the sauce, too.  I was impressed. Rainbow trout with mustard vinaigrette and fingerling potatoes mixed with bacon: Beautifully presented with the skin faced up.  This trout was caught this morning and flown in from a private fish farm that Rick uses.  The moment it hit my tongue I was happily greeted with no strong trout flavor!  It was light, clean, and the skin was cooked perfectly.  The seasoning was simple--black pepper and salt.The fish was beautiful and flaky, seared on the flesh side just right with just enough seasoning to not overpower the fish itself.  The fingerling potatoes were perfectly cooked and seasoned well with bacon.  Anything with bacon is good in my book!  Overall, a light, clean dish.Dessert: 15 flavor ice cream test: This was so much fun! They bring a blank paper that is the layout of your tray and you're supposed to guess all fifteen right.  They give you the first one (the sixteenth flavor, technically)--vanilla bean, and you need to go from there.  We tried everything and got 11/15 right, which I received a hug from Rick Moonen himself for that.  The flavors change nightly, but you'll find yourself loving ice cream flavors that you never thought you would love in your lifetime.  I'm a fan of Chartreuse, coco nibs, guava, and even garlic.  For those who aren't foodies, you may not want to try this dessert, but if you're adventurous go for it.  It's a lot of fun and really good ice cream and sorbet, too.We met Rick Moonen and his son, Chris, and they autographed Rick's cookbook for us, which was an awesome experience.  Rick is there nightly and comes out to say hello to all his patrons, which is a nice gesture.  After a fantastic meal, great cocktails, and a hug from Rick and his son, I had the time of my life here.  It's worth every penny.
4	Must visit if you are craving seafood.  had the crab cakes and albacore appetizer that looked so simple but packed some awesome flavor.  will go back and try the seafood tower.
5	Diver Scallops are the best scallops I've ever had. Sushi was great.
5	Seafood paradise. Clean, refreshing and unique spin on classics. It's no joke.
5	RM Seafood at the Mandalay Bay is simply one of the finest seafood restaurants on the strip. Everything from the decor to the service to the food screams amazing! Below is a run down of what I tried/ordered and my opinion:Apps:Moondoogies: Essentially it's a corn dog but with shrimp and about 7x the price. From what I heard, these were created during an episode of TopChef. They were tasty and just right with the sauce served. Soup:Green Garlic Soup with Dungeoness Crab: The garlic was not to powerful as to dominate the taste of the soup, but just right. Unfortunately, the taste of crab seemed to be lost. Entree: Fish&Chips: Yes.... I went to a high end seafood restaurant and ordered fish and chips.... Sue me. However, there is reason behind my madness. Generally I judge a restaurants food by the quality of their fish and chips. Now take a moment to think about it. If they take the time to prepare fish and chips properly (which normally most restaurants do not), the rest of the food should be superb. Needless to say, our fish and chips was nothing short of fantastic! It was by far the best fish and chips I have had at a high end dining establishment. From what my friends said, their meals were nothing short of amazing also.Thanks Rick Moonen for an awesome meal! Until next time my friend.
5	My wife and I don't come to Vegas often, and so we relied on our Local Eats companion this time as with others.  We were not disappointed.  First off, parking midweek on the south entrance and walking through the Four Seasons to get to Mandalay Bay was a cinch. All the restaurants are together and so there are plenty of options but seafood was our pick.Everyone was friendly, the motif was subdued but clean and contemporary and the owner turned out to be none other than Rick Moonen, Top Chef Masters contestan on Bravo this season who came by our table and was very friendly, even letting us peruse his Seafood cookbook.  Our waiter suggested some great drinks, a nonalcoholic fruity concoction for my pregnant wife and a "Gardener" Martini created by the bartender with Rosemary infused Henderick's Gin and Basil garnish.  The Calamari starter was fried but absolutely fresh and a sitting atop a wonderful sharp chili sauce bed.  For our main dished we had the Shrimp on Risotto and the Calamasta pasta with mixed seafood.  Perfect texture of crab and scallops and the shellfish was plentiful as well.  We left feeling as though it was a full experience and not just a meal.  Julius our server was engaging and attentive...he is worth requesting as he's been there a long time and pretty tigh with Chef Moonen.  If you are lucky like us, you'll win $24 on the nickel slots on the way out (yes, we really are that cheap!)
5	Amazing food and good service. Fresh seafood. I love the appetizers! Plus the decor is nice. Definitely expensive but quality.
5	Service here gets FIVE BIG STARS; it has raised the bar for us as diners.  All of the staff was knowledgeable and so professional.  Parking:  head to THEHotel parking garage; second floor if you can and take the escalator down to the entrance of the casino; make a quick left and you can't miss the escalator back up to RM Seafood.Rick Moonen and his staff are doing great work with wonderful choices of SUSTAINABLE foods.  Upstairs the 5-course dinner menu for $65 is the best deal you could experience.  Hubby and I enjoyed the Black & White Scallops; Spider Crab (melt in your mouth amazing); Bacon and Eggs (eggs from a farm off the grid); Onion Soup; Baked Tasmanian; Walu in Cherry; China Pig (this dish not my favorite, but glad I tried it); Rabbit Trio with risotto (so delish) and the deserts from the pastry chef were just so inventive and incredible:  Chocolate Car Bomb and Italian Citrus.  Later the pastry chef also made us her version of Creme Brulee and it shouldn't be missed.  I don't order Creme Brulee ever, because no one does it that great .... but this version is like nothing else you've ever experienced.  Go, go quickly, and enjoy.   Have a cocktail at the bar before dinner; the Rhumba was fabulous.  Save your tummy space for all the wonderful food and skip the wine; it's quite pricey if you are on a sustainable budget :)
5	I went here tonight (4/27/10) to the reopened upstairs room and had the five course tasting menu.  It was absolutely excellent in all aspects - service, food, atmosphere, and of course, meeting Chef Moonen was a huge bonus!  He's a finalist in the Top Chef Masters program on Bravo.i did the 5 course tasting menu - price $65.  The choices were intriguing!  I wanted to try everything.  The staff explained the courses and were anxious to take any and all questions about the restaurant, the menu, or anything else about RM Seafood.I started with the Black & White, a scallop with coconut strips and garlic.  Then I had the Onion Soup 3000, a view of what the chef thinks soups will become.  Next up was Walu, then pork belly, and finally the Italian themed dessert.  There was an extra small dessert of three sweets and everyone is served a wonderful lemongrass infused herbal tea with a small show.I have photos of 4 of the 5 courses with descriptions, but I forgot to take a photo of the 3rd course, the Walu in Cherry leaf.I really enjoyed this evening.  Dining alone, I was there about 2 hours.  The room is very pleasant, the staff is extraordinary, and the food is first rate.  I'll go again!
4	Came in here with my husband on a Friday evening, two weeks ago.  We did not have reservations but read good reviews on Yelp so we thought we'd give it a try.  We opted for the 6 course Prix Fixe meal for $65.  At least one option in each course had a $15 addition if you chose that selection...which of course is inevitable since you want to eat the best thing. So not too sure if I like that type of sell tactic but even so, the food was fantastic. All the dishes were delicious, some more innovative and original than others.  The turbot was an upsell and the servers were really pushing for that one.  Practically everyone in the dining room was ordering it.  Honestly, after having a few bites, I was a bit disappointed.  It was cooked well, the consistency was good, soft, not chewy.  But it just lacked any flavor.  I'm all about mild fish but this one was just too mild.  I ended up liking my husband's salmon more than mine which is hilarious because I don't even order salmon at restaurants.  At least the salmon was cooked well and was paired with a deliciously mild green sauce. The hot and cold Foie Gras was by far one of the best dishes of the night.  The "cold foie gras was paired with uni (sea urchin).  So it was like butteriness on top of more creamy butteriness.  mmmmmmm....heaven.  The hot foie gras was laid on what i could best describe as a piece of savory mini rice crispy cakes, Asian style.  The buttery soft and the salty crispy just went so well together.  We ate so much food to describe everything but I have to mention the deserts.  The irish car bomb was genius! From the plating to the ingredients used to the flavors.....perfect! The thing that topped it all off for me were the pop rocks used to simulate the carbonation of the car bomb.  WOW.  My desert was the citrus canelloni and that was superb too, mild, smooth, delicious.  And last but not least ........the vase that was a centerpiece at the beginning of our meal, then changes into a carafe holding a liquid that they come a pour after about the 2nd course of our meal, and just sits there for the entire rest of your meal.  Now as your are enjoying your deserts, a server comes over carrying a metal kettle and proceeds to pour liquid nitrogen into the carafe.  A few more minutes of waiting and voila, you get home made ice tea with mint, lemon grass, orange peel and a teeny bit of sugar.  I am so trying this last part at home! Oh one last thing, they gave great recommendations for wine pairings.  Don't hesitate to ask.  They have like a crew of people service each table.  Definitely a fantastic dining experience.
3	Went to RM's for the first time on a Friday night. Place was pretty quite, we were seated downstairs in the area open to the casino. I've read here that there is a formal dining room  upstairs, but I don't think it was open when we went.  Downstairs is pretty casual.Our food was fine; writing this a week later I don't recall the dishes in any particular way which is part of what it takes for me to think of a higher end restaurant as 4 or 5 stars.Service was pretty lame, waiter was very nice and helpful when he was around but he took forever to get things started and didn't seem to be around when we were looking for him (bad that we had to look for him in the first place). We were really anxious to try this place and it was the first thing we booked when making our plans. Expectations were high and we made the trek to the Mandalay Bay for it. It just came up short of being the experience we were expecting from such a well reviewed place. It isn't bad but I have no reason to go back here with so many excellent choices in Vegas.
5	Ate here for dinner with a few friends mainly to try the Blind Ice Cream Tasting Game.  We ate at the downstairs part of the restaurant.If I can go around the table, my two friends ordered sushi rolls and the roasted chicken respectively, and I had the rainbow trout.  They loved their dishes, and mine was pretty good, although it seemed a little mushy because they substituted the marble potatoes with mashed potatoes.  It didn't matter though, the bacon made it all good :)  Also, thanks to restaurant.com, we had $25 off so that made the dinner even better.Then we got to the tasting game.  It was fun at first, but it kinda backfired and we ended up getting frustrated and angry with each other.  I think we just got like 2 or 3 out of the 16 flavors correct.  Yeah, we sucked.  We were kind of disappointed that we didn't get any strange savory flavors like olive oil, foie gras, and shrimp cocktail.  All we had were sweet flavors.  So much for my practice at Humphry Slocombe.  The ice cream was still great though.Service was really great here.  Our waiter was cool, really attentive, and very knowledgeable about the menu. He earned a huge tip from us!I would definitely come here again, but I'll probably omit the ice cream game.  I'll stick to Humphry Slocomb if I want to have some crazy flavors.-.5 stars for the Blind Ice Cream Game experience.4.5 stars rounded up for the great service and great food!
4	Definitely a place I want to revisit. Next time I'll be sure to reserve a table directly with the restaurant and make sure we get the name of the person taking it. The staff fixed it quite quickly and we were seated not 5 minutes later.The cornbread they provide at dinner is awesome. I love cornbread!The clam chowder is pretty good here. Not THE best, but good. Large chunks of clams and they even put carrots in it! That's a first. Borderline salty and just right. Kinda wierd.I ordered the RM Cioppino and that was VERY tasty. At $35 a plate, a little bit on the pricey side, but generous with the seafood and pasta that comes with it. A few clams and mussels here, 2 jumbo prawns there, and Dungeness crab meat mixed in the sauce. Heaven. It comes with these awesome garlic bread sticks. Yummo! I would definitely recommend this.The next time I get a chance to visit, I would definitely try a different route, especially their Arctic Char sashimi. Yum.Note: I would DEFINITELY make a reservation if you plan on coming during a weekend night.
5	I've been putting off writing this review because I had a feeling it would get long....I dined at both RM Upstairs and RM Downstairs on the same trip to Vegas...and they are basically considered seperate restaurants but here they are both listed under RM Seafood. I also want to mention a pretty cool thing that happened....my visit to RM seafood Upstairs was our lat meal in Vegas and we were actually taking a red-eye home that night...a few hours after out final dinner. So I saw Chef Moonen in the restaurant talking to some ladies...maybe an interview?...and I actually overheard him saw he was taking a red-eye to NY...hmmmm...I wondered...same red-eye as us? Sure enough, a few hours later as me and my GF are seated in coach, who comes walking down the aisle but Rick Moonen himself. So we exchanged hellos and we told him we were jut at him restaurant. he said thanks and was nice and seemed pretty cool. He was on his way to NYC for the James beard Awards. At the end of the trip he gave us an in-flight magazine that had an article on HIM in it, which he signed for us! pretty cool! And pretty trippy.Getting to the actual restaurant reviews...we ate at the downstairs restaurant first...which also has a sushi bar. had a great pork belly roll, super fresh tasting oysters, a crab cake that was okay, and miso-enhanced steak tartare. The highlight was the 16 flavor ice cream tasting game...what a lot of fun! ...(except for the garlic ice cream). we got 12/16 right...not too shabby.Upstairs was even more impressive...beautiful aesthetics....like a luxury yacht, best service we ever got....super-friendly, glad to have us, and very efficient.,,even gave us a tour of the spotless kitchen. The food almost got overwhelmed by our impression of everything else...but it held its own...and for $65 for a five course tasting menu...the best fine dining deal in Vegas. And the tasting menu is arranged so u have three options including a more luxurious upgrade for each course. we added oysters to start, so we actually got 6 courses...hey, why the hell not? I don't have the energy to go over every detail...so here's what I had.....oysters with meyer lemon, "spider' crab with artichoke and grapefruit....foie gras two ways....walu wrapped in cheery leaf with a mushroom spring roll...rabbit three ways with the best risotto i ever had (morel risotto actually)...and a very whimsical and delicious deconstructed car bomb dessert.....guiness ice cream, bailey's cream, beer suds, chocolate....really cool presentation. They also had this after dinner tea presentation that smoked like dry ice would. If I would rate both restaurants seperately...I would give downstairs a 4 and upstairs a 5, but I have no problem rounding up in this instance because it really was a lot of fun and a great experience...and thats the most important thing.
4	We came here specifically for the ice cream tasting.  They create their own ice cream and sorbets daily and offer a tasting of 16 golf-ball-sized portions.  You have to guess what the flavor is - they even give you a sheet on which you write down the answers.  If you get all the flavors correct, you get the tasting for free ($18).  The waiter said that he's never seen anyone guess all 18 correctly.  He also said they change the flavors every month, but the hostess had told us they change it every day.  I'm thinking it's more the former bc then ppl would be coming back week after week to get the tasting for free if it stayed the same for a month!Most of the flavors were obvious and some threw us off.  We got four incorrect, which the waiter said might be the second highest for him!  :)  We did the tasting with four ppl, but it's prob better to do it with two.  We didn't get more than a small mouthful to taste.  Definitely recommended - it was a lot of fun!  We also ordered the Oyster Sampler (6 oysters for $21) and used a Restaurant.com gift certificate for $10 off during lunch.  My friends said the oysters were fresh, and they came from a variety of places so the platter had six different oysters - some small some large.  Not sure if I'd recommend the Sampler, but go for the Ice Cream tasting!
5	Had dinner here last Sunday in the downstairs section.  I was impressed, as for a Las Vegas restaurant, it had more of the feel and service of a great restaurant that didn't rely on one-time customers for most of their business.  From my experience (which may differ from others'), a lot of high end restaurants around Las Vegas know that you may never come back, and so go through the motions of "good service," but miss that "something," maybe sincerity and consistency?  Robbie was our server.  He and his team were great.  I have a nut allergy, but was interested in the Alaskan salmon dish that unfortunately was prepared with nuts in the recipe.  Robbie graciously offered a suggestion of the halibut dish, but substituting the halibut with the salmon.  Sounded good.  Food came out, and the halibut instead of the salmon was served.  I didn't think much of it, and the halibut looked great, and didn't quite remember if I ordered the salmon prepared halibut-style or not.  I had a small bite (tasted great), and Robbie came by and apologized for the mistake, as I was served the neighboring table's halibut, and he reminded me that I ordered the salmon.  Looking at the plate in front of me, I asked what I should do.  He said if it's okay, he'll take away the halibut plate and give me my salmon dish, which was already ready.  I agreed.  It would have been better if there were no mistakes in the serving, but it was nice that they caught their own mistake and recovered without me having to do anything.  For the food, the salmon was flaky with a lot of flavor.  The portion was pretty large, which is nice for fish.  The pea sprouts, peas, and basil broth had a lot of flavor without weighing you down.  The whole dish was something I could eat every day.  My wife's cioppino was also done well.  Most restaurants will overcook the shrimp and fish in the broth, so everything's tough.  Not this one.  And the garlic bread was just enough to soak up all the soup.  Clam chowder appetizer.  Bacon makes everything taste better. Bibb lettuce appetizer from the prix fixe menu.  A good salad.  Key lime pie dessert.  The broiled meringue top is a nice touch.  Crust is good.  Filling is a little sweet for my taste.  Iced tea, great flavor.  Nice attention to detail. Checked out the wine list for wines by the glass.  Nothing seemed to jump out at me, and we were going to see a show later, so I passed on the wine.  I'm not a wine expert, but maybe this can be something they can improve.  Their bottled wine list seemed very good.  Overall, the experience downstairs was good enough to encourage us to try the upstairs restaurant later.  I'd give it 4.5 stars, but as the overall experience is better than most LV restaurants, I've given it 5 stars.
4	This is a review of the upstairs part of RM Seafood.The Skinny: good food with some misses (3.5-4), excellent service that is well worth the visit (5+ stars!!).For an upscale place, the price of a 5-course prix fixe is a really reasonable deal at $65 per person. This is a second visit for my hubby who tried this restaurant before it closed down earlier this year. The new menu is totally revamped and more innovative according to my hubby.Of note, for me anyway, is the egg dish. It was definitely a symphony of flavours not to be forgotten - the marriage of root veggies mixed with egg, along with the goodness of bacon (mmmm.... bacon) and crunchy noodles - it was absolutely divine. The spider crab dish was both light, delicate, and flavourful. The salmon dish was well executed as well as the lamb loin. The foie gras was quite tasty as well.I also tasted the "China Pig" and the Walu in Cherry leaf. Personally, I'm really picky about the Chinese food and to be frank - the dish needs a bit of work. The pork belly was not as crispy on the top or as tender on the bottom. The pork bun was not as well constructed as I would have liked. The Walu in cherry leaf was an odd dish because it left an odd sensation in my mouth after eating it - mildy numbing... a little weird.Dessert - the chocolate car bomb is fantastic. The Italian Citrus - less so (I did like the olive oil ice cream but the citrus flavoured gelatin wrapped around the marscapone was texturally uninteresting.) The after dinner tea was both entertaining and enjoyable.For the food alone, I would probably give this place maybe a 3.5-4 stars however the service pushes this restaurant over the top to give it a 4 star rating. The staff are friendly and personable. Our server really engaged us in conversation in a good and friendly way without being intrusive. It's a nice change from other high end places where the server has a stick in the butt attitude.Chef Moonen came to our table to chat with us after hearing that my hubby and I are huge fans of Top Chef Masters. He really is kind of funny and dorky like he is on the show. This experience makes this restaurant well worth the price tag.
3	I enjoyed this restaurant, but didn't do a great job ordering.  We went for the tasting menu which was kinda like a greatest hits menu as opposed to a here's-what-I'm-excited-about menu.  We started with the tuna-two-ways (excellent), followed by the clam chowder (alright), then we moved on to the swordfish in a putanesca-ish sauce (good), and on to the halibut with peas (alright) and finally to the desert rocky-road "bread pudding" (so so).    So the food was fine, but I think I could have done better ordering off the menu myself (some oysters rather than the chowder, may be the tuna sashimi or  a vegetable side or two and may be skip the deserts).The drinks were kinda disappointing.  The waitress recommended a "garden martini" which was all sour and no gin or other flavor, I had a recommended sake and for $12, it came out in a 1oz  cup.    We got two glasses of white wine that again were recommended... one was a really weird Napa-Sonoma Chard/SavBlanc mix (neither here nor there and the other was a super-fruiting NZ SavBlanc.  I finished off with a madeira that was blah.  The waitress wasn't perfect -- her recommendations were useless and the took forever to get anything (often 10 minutes to get a drink menu).Overall, the food was probably a 3.5 and the service a 2... I think that I could have ordered better and gotten a better meal and might try to do so in the future.
4	OMG....Great Seafood, nice setting and ok service. I recommend the Seafood platter which is really good but exp. $180 for two people. Sushi is great but not that many selection. Overall it is a  great restaurant to impress GF or a date. Nice selection of wines and sake. I am giving four stars because service was a little slow otherwise i would give them 5
4	I went to RM seafood last week and had an excellent dinner! Helpful hint: if you head to the tix4tonight stands along the strip, you can purchase a 33% off 2 entrees coupon for a few dollars.  They make the reservation for you when you purchase the coupon.  (http://www.tix4tonight.com/)Anyhow, we ate downstairs and were promptly seated at 5:30 pm.  The restaurant is very unpretentious, which we loved.  Service was great and everyone was friendly.I started off with the Sweet Corn Soup with Dungeness Crab meat.  YUM!  This was the best thing I had there - the soup was sweet and flavorful with delicious chunks of crab scattered throughout.  (see picture)For my main course I had the Fish and Chips, which were also terrific.  The fish was perfectly cooked just the way I like for fish and chips - moist and flaky with a light and crispy coating.  The potato wedges that they come with were also well seasoned.  (see picture)For dessert we chose the Strawberry Shortcake with Sorbet.  I thought this dessert was just ok.  The poppy seed shortcake was a bit dry but the sorbet was great. (see picture)Overall, I highly recommend RM seafood.  The seafood was extremely fresh and well prepared.  On top of it all, the prices are very reasonable.  After dinner, we just walked a few steps for our 7:30 pm showing of the Lion King.I can see why this has been named the best seafood in Las Vegas and it's a shame Rick Moonen did not win top chef masters!
4	Moonen! As a Top Chef Master's fan, I needed to try one of the many restaurants in Vegas associated with the show in current and prior seasons. VERY glad I tried RM over the others. We ate downstairs as we were interested in the smaller bites and sushi. We ended up getting the moon doggies (shrimp corn dogs), pork belly maki, oysters, walu and the ice cream tasting. All of which exceeded my expectations! I'd absolutely go well out of my way for those moon doggies and pork belly maki again. The moon doggies are not your typical corn dogs. Its very light with a crispy exterior and basically melts in your mouth. The ice cream tasting is really fun. They come out with 16 small portions of ice cream and if you guess all 16 right, the dessert is free! Its basically impossible to get all 16 right, but we certainly had a lot of fun trying. We ended up getting 7 right with about 4-5 others in the general neighborhood. Other stuff:-Fun environment with good service. -Prices are extremely reasonable when comparing it to other high quality las vegas strip restaurants.
5	I am often skeptical about "high tech" cooking but I have to say I am beginning to see the light. The food was complex but not complicated. Walu was amazing; buttery and soft. Textures and flavors were consistently delightful; almost playful.  Use of nitrogen processes, foams, etc... sophistication and dazzle nicely balanced with good judgment and restraint.  RM's chef de cuisine Gerald Chin, gave us a tour of the kitchen following an exquisite meal. Note that I'm reviewing the UPSTAIRS portion of the restaurant. I have eaten downstairs and I would rate that lower. It's not bad, just not the caliber of the upstairs menu.  And, its not much cheaper downstairs.
2	This review is for the downstairs, which is casual enough to wear shorts and sandals.We ate here two years ago and there were 2 other tables with people in the entire restaurant, now that he is on Top Chef Masters is it a completely different story. I called ahead to make a reservation for 6 and was told that there is never a wait for the downstairs area and therefore no need to make a reservation. When we arrived we could see it was packed and the girl at reception informed us that the wait would be 40 minutes. I explained we had called and asked to make a reservation and she just said that someone made a mistake. OK, not a problem. I understand that he is on TV and people are curious. We were all busy chatting anything so it was not a bother.It was pretty much 40 minutes on the dot. We were walked through and sat at a table near the bar, which normally I wouldn't mind but this happened to be the most uncomfortable seating I've had in a long time. A picnic bench would have been more pleasant. It was a really tall table and the stools were barely padded and far from the ground. I am just under 5'5 and my feet could not touch the foot rest, so my legs just dangled the entire time. Other (taller) guests were of course able to reach the foot rest, but had their legs go to sleep on them from sitting in a weird position from the odd stool shape. Anyway, it was uncomfortable considering we ended up sitting for 2 hours.It took quite a long time to be greeted by our waiter, not a problem since it's busy. Our cocktails were great and we received our appetizers rather fast. My crab cake was delicious but a friend's sushi was average at best.And then, the real wait began. It took an hour from the time we had our appetizer until we received our entrees with barely a check in from the waiter the entire time. I was really shocked! By this time (near closing) half the restaurant was empty so I can't say it was due to crowds.Everyone had something different and everyone had a different take on whether or not it was good. My shrimp and risotto was not very good, the risotto wasn't cooked properly and I had 4 shrimps which just didn't fill me up. Those having scallops said they were OK, those having steaks said they were good but nothing to write home about. One person had the small seafood tower which was probably had the best review although still wasn't a "wow" dish. I guess our mistake was sitting in the downstairs, I can only assume that the upstairs guests are served better and with better quality food. But honestly, the tab for the 6 of us was $500 (before tip) so I don't think we should have been treated like red headed stepchildren.There are way too many amazing restaurants in LV for us to bother returning.
5	This review is for the Downstairs part of the restaurant. The decor was superb and everyone had a view of the open kitchen. Sadly, Rick wasn't there but that did not take away from the quality of the meal. Two Prix Fixe Menu's were consumed here (at $55 a piece):1. For appetizers, I had Rick's White Clam Chowder, while Ha had the Jonah Crab California Roll. The chowder was seasoned perfectly and it felt good to try a California Roll with actual Jonah Crab. A nice start to the dinner.2. My entree was the Alaskan Salmon (forgot the actual name of the dish), while she had the RM Style "Cioppino". The salmon was cooked nicely and the vegetables underneath had a nice touch of citrus to them, which helped cut through the salmon. However, the Cioppino was out of this world. It was seafood heaven. The broth had deep flavor from the numerous chunks of fish, clams, mussels, and shrimp. They seemed to be out of King Crab so they put more fish instead. If King Crab were in it, this review would be 6 stars. 3. We were both stuffed by desert, but desert needed to be consumed! I ordered the "Fat Elvis" and she ordered Rick's Key Lime Pie. The contents of the "Fat Elvis" speak for themselves, but the taste of bacon, chocolate, and banana tasted strange at first. The taste eventually made sense and I loved the dish. However, I think the Key Lime Pie tasted better. A nice dollop of whip cream helped sweeten the tart lime custard.Overall, dinner was awesome and I'll be coming back to RM Seafood when I return to Vegas.
3	----LUNCH REVIEW ONLY-----The food's pretty heavy for lunch but mix it in with some oysters and it's not too bad. The seaside oysters are very grainy (which I liked) while the sakuroom (?) oysters were slightly sweet. The Pork BBQ Mac & Cheese was delicious and definitely heavy. The Tuna Melt was pretty average, very rich and heavy. Service is good but they're really big on upselling. They need to know when to quit"Would you guys like some dessert?""Nah it's okay we're pretty full""How about some coffee?""No it's okay thanks""Some tea?""...no really it's okay thanks""Are you sure? It's pretty good!""No....can we just have the check please?"Yeah. Let's do a less of that shall we?
4	Tried the downstairs part of RM Seafood at the Mandalay Bay on Saturday night, since we were craving seafood and I'd heard about Rick Moonen on Top Chef.  It was nice-casual, with friendly, professional service and very good food.  We started out with a small order or sashimi, which was quality stuff.  Our appetizers of clam chowder and california rolls (real crab!) were better than average.  Entrees were salmon with corn and edamame (edamame was forgettable) and cioppino, which was a little halibut-heavy but otherwise nice.  Dessert was a modified rocky road pudding with bites of brownie and toasted marshmallow (yay), and a "Fat Elvis," which consisted of banana, peanut butter and bacon wrapped in a thin pastry and deep fried - very rich - delicious, but I could only finish one of the four pieces offered.  Highlight of the meal had to be the Gardner Martini - Hendrick's gin, lemon or lime, and some basil - not sure what else.  Fantastic.  So happy the waiter recommended it!  Would definitely go back, but would probably check out some of the numerous other restaurants in Las Vegas first.
4	This review is for lunch in the Downstairs part of the restaurant.We're huge Top Chef fans and when we saw Rick kill it on Bravo we knew our trip to Vegas had to include RM Seafood.  We made reservations for lunch on Thursday and in we walked.The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous.  Water flows about the ceiling  and the open kitchen makes you feel like a part of the action.  The modernness of it all is just perfect from what I wanted to experience from RM.  We ordered the $24 Surf and Turf Roll (tempura prime beef, cherry peppers, crispy shallots, seared albacore ponzu, lavender honey) and it was hands down the best roll we've ever, and I mean EVER eaten.  I then ordered the Adam's Fish Sandwich (Beer Batter, Tartar Sauce, Aged Cheddar) which was yep, the best fish sandwich I've ever tasted...  though I will admit I've probably only had 3 fish sandwiches in my life.  But still - if I knew every fish sandwich would taste that good, that would be my go-to sandwich.  The fries that came with it were amazingly addictive.  Ohh and the homemade tartar sauce... I practically drank the rest of it in the cup.He ordered the Fish Tacos Pico de Gallo (Shredded Cabbage, chipotle Cream) and he said they were in the top 3 fish tacos ever.  Super fresh and the flavors were so well balanced.  Okay, so lots of praise.  Lots of "BEST EVER!!!!"  But, RM Seafood deserves every word of praise.Why 4 stars?  The service was TERRIBLE.  We were 2 of 8 people in the restaurant and the food took well over a half hour to come out.  The waiter spent too much time trying too hard to get to know us and then disappeared for a long time after we asked him to check on the food.  They didn't take our used plates away after the sushi roll and left us with a cluttered table as we waited for so long for our lunch.  Also?  By the time the food actually showed up, I was too hungry and literally forgot to take a picture of my sandwich.  Which never happens.  I'd actually give service here a 1 star.All in all though, RM Seafood is everything its lived up to be.  Well done.
4	RM Seafood was good. Not amazing, but definitely good, perhaps even very good. Great oyster bar (I think the best in Vegas, but I'm not 100% sure). The fish and everything else we ordered was cooked and presented perfectly. I wish my Hawaiian Walu had a little more flavor, but it was still good. It was great fun to try out the Moon Doggies as seen in Top Chef Masters. Definitely worth a visit if you're looking for good seafood.
3	Our host suggested for us to eat here for dinner tonight. We ordered the steam lobster and it was delicious... dipped in warm butter. Although, the butter did needed some salt ...The mussels werent as good as i anticipated..I expected the sauce to be a little more creamier and rich, however, it was sour.. disappointmentSteak tar tar didnt come with bread, weird or is it just me?my least favoriteuni nigri, Ive had way fresher uni!i'd probably come back for some oysters? :D
3	With so many distinct restaurants to choose from in Vegas, it can be overwhelming when trying to plan an impromptu birthday dinner with a limited amount of time. After lounging at Wet Republic far too long, we decided on RM Seafood mostly out of convenience and sudden cravings for seafood.  For me, personally, I was curious to taste the food created by Rick Moonen -- who I saw guest judge on "Top Chef: Las Vegas." ***  The downstairs part of the restaurant felt perfect for us since we were on a budget but wanted to eat somewhere semi lavish and chic.  (Per their website, average tab = $40 per person.)The menu was impressive and provided us picky eaters with a diverse selection.  You had the choice of ordering from the dinner menu (with their usual entrees) or from the sushi bar.To start off our meal, we were served warm, toasty corn bread and biscuits.  Loved, loved, loved the corn bread!And although I warned my friends not to eat too heavy before our nighttime festivities, I caved in and ordered the Diver Scallops - served on angel hair pasta with lemon caper sauce.  It was definitely on the rich creamy side, but delicious nevertheless.  Not to mention, these were some of the biggest scallops I've ever seen in my life!For dessert, we shared red velvet whoopie pies.  You can never go wrong with red velvet.***Food-wise = 4 stars. Service? 2 stars.Something about our night was off, and it was most likely because: (1) two Southern men sitting next to us kept gawking at my friend's legs the whole night; (2) the service.Our waiter was kinda funny but awkward.  In addition, he brought us our bill early because supposedly another waiter told him that we asked for it (which we did not).  As a result, it was hard for us to not feel rushed and uncomfortable.More charisma from our waiter might have made the birthday dinner feel a bit warmer and enjoyable.
3	We had dinner upstairs, it was very nice & classy, service was GREAT, great drinks, presentation was great,  dining here was a totally new experience for me. BUT....the food was interesting, hit and miss on some the plates. If you're a good eater and looking for a delicious hearty meal this is not the place. This is more presentation, small portions but of a lot of different stuff, I was definitely introduced to new things and I think I would have been able to enjoy it more if I knew what to expect. Would I go back?  honestly no Do I regret going? not at all because again, it was a never before dining experience
4	RM Seafood has been on my eating radar since 2007, but I passed it up at the time to eat at Aureole at Mandalay Bay instead.... Well fast forward to July, 2010 and Rick Moonen is like a celebrity now after being featured on Bravo's Top Chef series... RM has significantly become more popular and of course prices have risen and it's a lot more packed with dining patrons... I did not let this deter me and I went ahead and finally had the chance to enjoy a nice lunch here while visiting Vegas over the holiday weekend...I treated myself to the grilled prawn risotto and seafood enbache... My GF had Chef Moonen's signature Fish Tacos.. Everything was executed perfectly and all of the seafood ingredients tasted extremely fresh... The wait staff were well versed with the menu and made our dining experience wonderful... My only complaint was that one of the waiters seemed overly attentive to the "couple" that were sitting a couple tables next to us... Almost  like he was permanently hovering over them... I was like dude you work in Vegas you mean to tell me you have never seen two girls kiss.. I almost felt embarrassed for the guy because his excitement was so obvious and they weren't even HOT!!! Everything else was perfect.. The restaurant is gorgeous and has a nice tranquil  underwater feel in the entry way... I hear the upstairs portion of the restaurant  which is reserved for dinner  and folks trying the prix fixe  menu is quite nice and upscale.. I will have to definitely make reservations for that  on a future visit...I recommend lunch for those of you that want to try the restaurant  without having to make reservations and splurging  for the dinner prices, but I'm sure it's worth it....
4	Food was unbelievable!  I will be returning to eat here on all future trips to Vegas.  I was only disappointed that Rick was not there the night we ate.  We ate in the lower dining area which is advertised as casual and it is.  That was my only mis-step.  Next time we will eat upstairs.  Too many children in the lower area and too noisy and crowded.  This is not inexpensive and I was a little surprised.  Service was excellent.  I had the diver scallops on a bed of angel hair pasta and I have to say this was the best scallop dish I had ever tasted.  My Son and hubs ordered the filet and half lobster combo and again - sheer perfection.  Even the steaks were perfectly cooked and delicious.  Love, love, love this place.
4	i came here ONLY for the Ice Cream guessing game ($18)you get 16 different flavor of ice cream... object of this game, guess all the flavor.it was definitely a fun experience. if you get them all correct, the dessert is free. If you don't get them all correct - well you'll have to pay the $18. My table got 10 correct (to be exact), but actually i say 13 because we were really close, we just worded the ice cream differently (ie: we wrote "red wine", instead of "pinot noir"... yeah.. i give myself the credit, don't you think it deserves the credit?) so get a couple of friends and head to RM Seafood and play the game - it's worth it!
5	OMG!  This place is amazing.  I only got appetizers, but the food was so delicious and the best part is that they are all organic.  The service is excellent and the atmosphere is fun.  If you time it right, you can watch Top Chef at the same time.  My only disappointment was the dessert.  As I have nut allergies, there was only two desserts I could have the 16 different flavor ice cream or a chocolate pudding.  I had the chocolate pudding...it wasn't anything exceptional, but I did like the brownie bites and the marshmallows.
5	Oh wow, I can't get over how awesome this place is! The service, the flavor of the food, the portion sizes, the atmosphere... absolutely top notch on every level. I came with my mom, my sister, and my friend to celebrate my birthday dinner and now I can't think of a better way to have done it. I didn't look on Yelp to closely to see if they differentiated between the upstairs or the downstairs so I would like to clarify that this review is for the downstairs restaurant. We're not from Vegas and don't come to Mandalay Bay when we do visit so we arrived a bit late for our reservation since we had issues with parking and finding the restaurant but the hostesses were very nice and understanding. Our server helped my sneaky sister pick out a surprise champagne and Sauvignon Blanc to complement our dinner and they were just perfect. I had a difficult time deciding what to get but our server was able to make some great recommendations of things we needed to get in case we weren't able to make it back again. My mom and sister opted to get the 3 course dinner for $55 while my friend and I ordered a la carte. We shared the tuna duo, Jonah crab California roll, crab cake, and clam chowder for starters. The tuna, California roll and crab cake were all delicious but I the clam chowder was the best I have ever had. Now, I'm a HUGE clam chowder fan and I always try it at every place I go to that has it and I can very honestly say that this is the absolute best clam chowder ever. It had the right amount of creaminess, the perfect balance of vegetables and clams to soup, but the flavor is something that I am going to have dreams about. Seriously, this is my new standard for clam chowder. Moving on from the awesomeness of the clam chowder... I got the diver scallops, my sister got the salmon, my mom got the cioppino, and my picky little non-seafood eating friend got the Caesar salad and special ordered a sushi roll with just avocado and cream cheese (I thought it was nice of them to entertain a special request an off the menu order). My scallops were amazing - perfect texture and slightly sweet. The pasta that it came with was pretty good but I was already getting full so I put my full eating attention on the scallops. I tried a bite of my sister's salmon and it was good but I think pretty much all salmon dishes taste the same since salmon is overpowering to begin with. She really liked it so that's the important part. My mom's cioppino looked REALLY good. It was slightly soupy, had lots of seafood and the noodles were cooked perfectly. I like most seafood but mussels and shrimp are don't agree with me so cioppino is something that is not for me but my mom and sister talked about how good it was for the rest of the night. My friend's Caesar was good but you can get a good Caesar anywhere. We were all really stuffed full at this point but the three course dinners that my mom and sister ordered came with desserts so we ordered the key lime pie and the Fat Elvis. I'm not a big fan of key lime pie but everyone else liked it quite a bit. The Fat Elvis was very interesting and I think everyone should try it once. It was a banana with peanut butter, chocolate, and bacon wrapped up like a spring roll with this passion fruit syrup on the side. After the first bite, we weren't sure if we liked it or not but somehow we managed to finish the whole thing. It was sweet and slightly savory, crunchy and mushy at the same time. I wasn't crazy about the passion fruit syrup but I don't like things that are really sweet. It was certainly not something that I could eat every day but it was so interesting that I'm very sure I was have to get it again. I would like to come back to try the "guess the flavor" of ice creams. I am looking forward to planning another trip to Las Vegas and I when I do, RM Seafood will definitely be on the itinerary.
5	So, we stroll into the upstairs part of the restaurant because we have heard that they are doing a five course innovative tasting menu for $75 and wanted to see how it stacks up.  The overall vibe of the restaurant was certainly different than the downstairs portion.   A cool contemporary setting with a subtle elegance was very welcoming.   We met at the bar and told the Bartender Tony to make us "whatever was good".   He whipped up a specialty cocktail that was a gin based drink with some hand extracted ingredients like lime, cucumber nectar and some other things that slipped my mind.   I had three in about 15 minutes because they were absolutely amazing!So we go to our table, a bit buzzed and get the spiel from Jeff, who goes over the difference between the ala carte and tasting menus.   We all agree to get the tasting menus, which by the way were very nicely presented in a cool glass holder.I tell Jeff to pick out a menu for me as long as it doesn't have a few things that I'm allergic to, and we're off.The dinner that ensued was just awesome.  I have a wide variety of people with me and even the "non-foodie" type enjoyed the experience.   First of all, the carp roe that they serve with the bread is some kind of cross between pure heroin and video poker on the addictive scale.The Salmon amuse was awesome.  The beef tartare perfect.   The bouillabaisse was down right strange and not a hit with my friend, but I thought it was kinda cool.  The foie gras two ways was perfect and the late harvest white Grenache that it was paired with was out of this world.  The Walu was "the best thing one I've ever tasted" according to one of my friends.  The rabbit loin was the best I've had and the "Irish Car Bomb" dessert was delish.The overall dinner took us a little while as it should because we were intaking a lot of food and tasty beverages.The most amazing thing about the whole experience was the price.  We paid for some supplements for some of the dishes, but the cost of the tasting menu alone without booze was still under $100 a price which is so far under the Vegas standard for food of that quality.  I was with five guys on this trip, but I'm certainly going to bring a gal by next time and venture further.  Just a great dinner all around.
3	I believe that this place was over hyped. It built our expectations way too high and therefore we came out a little disappointed. We bought these coupons for 33% off, what we didnt know is that it only applied on a small section of the menu and so ending up we didnt really even use the coupon and paid full price.It was pricey, which we anticipated. The food however was lacking. it was small portions and nothing seemed to wow us. I gave this place 3 stars because I didn't think it was that bad. but my friends who I came with trashed down on the place. I had the surf and turf roll, it was 6 small pieces and the insides of it was good but the seared tuna on top was not.Never eat seafood at vegas. it's never fresh.. think about out. Vegas = Desert= no ocean= no fish = fish trucked in from west coast= not fresh!! The halibut looked very delicious, but just wished the taste was just as nice.  Clam chowder which was above average I would say, lots of clams, too salty though.Herbal fries... tasted like ketchup to be honest.  They give you corn bread and biscuits when you first sit down. the corn bread is to die for. it was perfection. Overall it was for the experience, I  don't think I'll be coming back to dine though.
3	This review is for the upstairs:I give this place a resounding "meh."  Got the $75 tasting menu and while some of the dishes were pretty good (pork belly, salmon, beef tartare), most of them were entirely forgettable.But the worst part was our server, hell-bent on up-selling us to death.  He actually told us that the 5 course tasting menu was "just a jumping off point," before encouraging us to start our meal with 24 oysters, and insert several ounces of wagyu beef into the meal.  I kid you not.  It was pretty annoying.Overall, there are many many better places to spend your money in Vegas.
3	I would have given this place 4 stars, but for a reason that i will explain later, I couldn't. I even thought about giving it 2 stars for the same reason, but again, I couldn't. I will start by saying, I loved my meal. I will also say, that my wife did not love hers. WE had dinner downstairs.We both started off with some sushi. Standard nigiri and a Phirry roll.I followed up with an amazing app, The shrimp corn dogs, followed by the ciopinno. Both were fantastic. Perfectly cooked. The ciopiino didn't need the pasta, in fact, I simply ate around it, focusing on the seafood and broth.My wife ordered the filet, and much to her dismay, she found an eye lash, or similar hair in the dish.THe gentleman who came to the table when she pointed it out, asked to see the hair, which had fallen off her finger by that point. I thought it was a bit tacky to ask, but after reading other reviews about the staff, i can see why. They even forgot to take it off the  bill after we sent it back, and we had to point it out.My wife was so grossed out, she decided not to get another entree. My kids shared the macaroni and cheese.. and it was pretty awesome too.Desert was ok. The red velvet whoopi pie wasn't anything to right home about.SO, as you can see, it was tough to review... but it is what it is. i would eat there again, my wife, not so much.
5	Our party of 5 had food babies fathered by Rick Moonen.JSYK, there's a downstairs dining area (more casual, entrees ~$20, 3 course prix fixe for $55 available) and an upstairs (more elegant dining, entrees ~$40, 5 course prix fixe for $75).  No beating around the bush.  The eats were fantastic!  The oysters and octopus with falafel got our appetites going, and I'm really glad I ordered the walu entree.  Not knowing what to expect out of my fish dinner, I loved every bite of it!  The fish had the texture of a cross between tofu, flan, and fresh mozz cheese curd.  P.S. That description is supposed to get you excited, not weird you out.  It came accompanied with mini mushroom egg rolls.  Divine!Don't skip out on dessert.  The strawberry short cake and irish car bomb offerings were a hit and ingenious creations. Waitstaff was attentive, informative, and warm.  The only thing is that we had literally 4-5 different people checking on us (were they supposed to be specific to some role?  That wasn't clear.), which was overwhelming.A can't miss dining experience!
4	Holy cow what a sword fish! First lets start at the beginning, walking in at prime time on a Sunday and sitting straight down at the bar was real nice (full service at the bar). Started off with a selection of the fresh oysters (they vary so the types will change for you). I can say i was impressed at watching the cold order chef do his job, shuck them with no particulate residue, and SMELL each one (you have no idea how often places don't do that). Needless to say they were fantastic and seconds were had!The salad was unnecessary (I ordered it) and forgettable.  The swordfish might well have been one of the best cooked pieces of fish I have ever had. Fantastic texture and no 'gamey' flavor, nothing strong (like all other swordfish). RM what a fantastic dish, thank you.Overall I say believe the hype, RM Seafood is a great restaurant that will not break the bank!
5	After trying many of the 5 star resturants on the strip, this is my top choice.  Service unlike any other, they make the Bellagio service seem like diner food.  The food, creative, delicate and sooooooooooo tasty and cooked to perfection.  I knew when we had the appetizers that we were in for a treat of a lifetime.
3	A little disappointing.  After looking up there menu I learned there is a lunch and dinner menu.  I made a 3pm reservation for lunch. But when we arrived I was told that only the raw bar and sushi was available. Which is fine for me but one in my group does not eat sushi. Had I known we would have gone elsewhere.  But we sat down anyway.  I figured I know enough about sushi that I could find her something to eat.   And I did.  The service was good. The food was great.  I would recommend this restaurant just make sure you can order off the full menu.
3	3.5 stars; I really want to round up to 4, but just can't do it.  Loved the atmosphere and service, even loved a couple dishes, but not enough to round up.  I had high hopes and, sadly, RM didn't deliver.We dined upstairs and started in the lounge with some champagne and oysters.  The GM, Paul, was very friendly and chatted us up right away.  He came back to check on us a bit more as we enjoyed our nibbles.  While I have no doubt that he is a friendly, nice guy, I'm sure another reason he spent so much time with us was the lack of customers elsewhere in the restaurant (for the most part, anyway).  The oysters were incredibly fresh and tasty, as expected.  They aren't cheap, for sure.  At 3.75/an oyster, I've never paid more, not at Daniel Boulud and not even at Providence!  The champagne was also a bit pricey at 25 bucks a glass, but prosecco would not have worked.  The lounge is comfortable, but overlooks the throngs of people roaming about Mandalay Bay.  It's a bit jarring to be in such a fine dining atmosphere but to watch the antithesis just outside a window.We adjourn to our table to begin the tasting menu.  Service was great!  Three different servers worked with us, answered our questions, and maintained the same friendly atmosphere we experienced in the lounge.  I went with the tasting (75) and the wine pairing (55); Jim G. went with the tasting and a drink.  The food:Grilled Octopus: Sadly, too rubbery and lacking in flavor.  I think I've learned that if I'm not at Osteria Mozza, I'm not ordering octopus.Steak and Potatoes: Prime Beef Tartare, cornichons, potatoes, and other yummies I can't remember.  The menu says "untraditional garnish."  Surprisingly good!  So simple, but well put together and great quality.Green Eggs and Ham: Andraki Farm Egg, Jamon Serrano, and Asparagus three ways; super yummy!  Interesting flavors and great combinations.  Cute presentation.Hot and Cold Foie Gras a la Japonne ($15 supplement): Best dish of the night!  On one side of the plate, there was a lush piece of foie gras, seared perfectly, served on top of crispy sushi rice. Heaven.  On the other side, a cold mousse of foie gras nestling underneath a beautiful piece of uni (sea urchin).  Ridiculous. So good. Can I have two?  Actually, it's too rich to eat two, but still.  There was also a palate-cleansing shot type thing that came with it; totally gross!  We had the Walu and the Alaskan Salmon.  They were ok nothing special, sadly.We then had the China Pig and Rabbit Trio ($15 supplement).  Also ok; well prepared, but nothing amazing.  The morel risotto that came with the rabbit was very nice though.For dessert, we had the Irish Car Bomb (Guinness Ice Cream, Bailey's Ice Cream, Beer Suds, and chocolate pop rocks) and the Frozen Strawberry Shortcake Bar ("Nitro Dots," marinated strawberries, and spearmint).  The car bomb was good, but more interesting as an idea than as a dessert.  The Strawberry Shortcake Bar was super good!  It tasted like the Good Humor bars many of us had as kids.  I did find it odd that a fine dining establishment was trying to replicate a 75 cent bar we bought from the ice cream man as kids!  It was good though =)We ended with an interesting tea presentation.  There was a carafe with what looked lime lemongrass on our table.  Water and dry ice was added for a cool effect (literally and figuratively).  The cold tea was tasty and refreshing, particularly after such a filling meal!Again, great service and innovative cuisine.  However, the tastes didn't quite match up with the ambitions or the prices.  I respect Chef Moonen for only using sustainable fish and for being creative with food, but, for the same price I can have much better food.  Ultimately, that has to be my gauge for my review.
2	i was expecting so much more from a Top Chef Master's contestant.  Maybe he is too corporate now to have good quality control.  I really think my expectations were too high, but rightly so.  the positive were the oysters.  Very fresh and very tasty.  My husband and I opted for the sushi dinner and were sooooo disappointed.  There was no flavor at all in any of the nigiri and the rice was too hard.  The sushi place by my house was 100% more delicious.  the salad was ho-hum also.  Come on Rick---get it together.
4	Overall RM was a 3 star, but one dish added a star all on its own! The energy in the restaurant was quite low for a weekend night and I was surprised that it never got really busy at any point. I guess the recession is really hurting them bad, especially in the upstairs restaurant. We started our evening upstairs in the lounge area with some oysters and champagne. The oysters were great but over priced at $3.75 each. We moved to our table and both tried the tasting menu which was probably under priced at $75/pp. They had a nice selection of supplemental dishes at $15/each. Most of the dishes were good, not great. HOWEVER, there was one dish you must try and may be worth a trip on its own...Hot and Cold Foie Gras a la Japonne! Of course it was a supplement, but it was so worth it. One side of the dish was foie gras served on top of crispy rice. The other side had a mousse foie gras with uni (sea urchin). We almost fought for each bite of this one! My wife is lucky I'm a gentleman once in a while. : ) Other standouts were the "Steak and Potatoes" and the "Green Eggs and Ham." Unfortunately they don't even garner much attention after the foie gras dish. Service was polite all night yet not stuffy. Overall there is a lot of competition in Vegas and I will most likely try some other stand-bys and new places before going back to RM, but damn that one dish was good.
5	Since Rick was doing so well on Top Chef Masters, I booked our August 3rd dinner in May-just to be on the safe side.  We arrived and the hostess was super friendly and nice.  Our server Brett was very kind, knowledgeable, and professional.  We did the price-fixe menu and it was very well priced.  The salmon and succotash was delicious as was the lobster.  The Ahi Tuna duo was so well balanced.  I loved the key lime pie with the meringue.  So so good!  I loved this place and if I am back in Las Vegas I will go again!
2	Had dinner there on 7/31/2010. Sadly disapointed with the food. The atmosphere was nice and service was average. I recommend the mussels for an appetizer. We ordered the Filet mignon which is probably one of the easiest meat to cook....was very dry......the Hand made cavatelli was not that great...the blue crab in it hardly had any flavor and was swimming in cream sauce that was quite boring. Again quite a disappointment (if you actually like food and not just there for the ambiance) since he's supposed to be one of the better chefs around..Will probably not go back or recommend...tsk tsk tsk
5	This is a contender for best meal I've ever had.  Rick Moonen, I love you.I did eat at RM Upstairs, and I did do the tasting menu, which is the best of the best they offer, but even the caviar taramasalata they bring with the bread is one of the best things I've ever put on a piece of bread.  The vanilla spearmint oysters, the white gazpacho.... I think about these things on an almost daily basis.  I was absolutely blown away by the thought that goes into flavoring these dishes, and how sophisticated the person's palate is that conceived of these.  Best part: After relishing the Chocolate Car Bomb desert, we were craving the real thing, and our wine server brought us an ACTUAL Irish Car Bomb.  Any high end restaurant that will serve you an Irish Car Bomb on a tray gets my vote.Next time I desperately want to try the sushi bar downstairs. Until next time, Mr. Moonen.
5	Best Ciopinno i've ever had.  My wife and I had the tasting menu which was well priced for us. She was happy that you had a few non seafood items in the tasting menu. The service was great. Our server (Barry) was always on it (I had my water glass refilled 9 times). When i asked what type of wine would be best for the Ciopinno Barry said the Ciopinno would make the Pinot Nior better, he laughed and said the Pinot is best! Fantastic advice as I was heading toward the Shiraz. My wife enjoyed her salad, chicken and the Fat Elvis. Nice combo for the dessert. she really like the vegetables with her chicken. Like i said my Ciopinno was awesome, the last time i licked the bowl clean, i told my wife I wouldnt embarrass her this time!  Thanks to the bread for allowing me to keep that promise. I was very suprised to find out that the pasta was homemade Thanks to Rob (Manager) for stopping by, having a quick chat and coming back to make sure everything was going well. Rob was professional the whole time and made our dinner more enjoyable by knowing what we were having without asking. Very fun guy to be around.We'll be back for the Ciopinno, Barry and Rob!
2	This review is solely for Happy Hour. Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon after pool time at Mandalay Bay. After the chaos that is Mandalay Beach, we were looking for a good drink, quick bite, and relaxation.The sign outside RM seafood looked enticing, so we decided to give it a try. First red flag should have been that the inside menu did not match the wording of the outside menu.. Hello.. marketing basics..Drinks - If I recall correctly, they were half off - so about $7. Had a Lavender Hibiscus Margarita and what sounded like a unique concoction of peppers, cachaca and pear.. Drinks took about 15 minutes to arrive and the latter of the above two was just slightly more than half full... hmmmm. The bartender (in clear view from our table) had visible difficulty making these signature drinks and continually over poured into the jigger (then repoured the excess back into the bottles??!). OK, fine, they are discounted, so we will take it.Food - the happy hour claim is 50% off selected sushi. I understand selected is just that, but all it included was a spicy tuna cut or hand roll or salmon cut or hand roll... THAT'S IT! Opted for a spicy tuna cut roll for a quick nibble and at $6.50 decently priced (that is after the 1/2 off). Sushi arrived ... No soy sauce, no server.... Taste - I've had better at fast-casual sushi/Japanese outlets.. Overall - it was a quick bite and inexpensive, but NO VALUE. Realizing after the fact that HOB and Hussong's both had HH, I would have opted for either of those over RM Seafood had I known this was the experience to be had...
3	This place is just ok. We dined at his downstairs dining room. We shared the ahi tuna duo and the heirloom tomatoes. They were very good. For entrees, we shared the fish and chips and the walu kebab. Both the walu and the fish and chips are good but nothing special, it's certainly not what I would expect from a Rick Moonen restaurant. However, all in all, it was a decent dinner.
5	Love this restaurant!One of my favorite favorite restaurants is Rick Moonen's RM Seafood restaurant. I ordered the Wild Alaskan King Salmon Grilled Corn Succotash, Lime Butter, Piquillo Peppers and it was yum yum delicious!!! It was the best Salmon i have ever had! The atmosphere was nice and relaxing. The service was excellent and the food was just great!!!
2	Dissapointed.We started with calamari which was pretty tasty, but I'm not sure why they decided to sit the fried calamari on top of the marinara sauce. The bottom of the batch got all soggy. Some of my friends got some soup which looked pretty good.I got the Maine Lobster Rolls thinking it would be bomb after all the talk, by the waiter, about sustainable fishing and getting fresh seafood daily . I was totally let down by the flavor of the lobster. It wasn't sweet at all and the dill was too overpowering. All I tasted was dill and mayo. I should have taken notice when I asked the waiter about the lobster rolls and he told me the best thing are the house made potato chips.Service was pretty slow that day too and the waiter wasn't around very often. It took a while to get boxes and even the check. After all this we still had to pay a 20% tip since we were a party of 6.
3	Damn. You must order the Rhode Island Style Calamari.My only advice: Eat it fast. Unlike your typical calamari in which you dip it into the sauce yourself, this comes pre-dressed in a special marinara sauce with garlic and pickled chili peppers that is to freaking die for. Only thing is that because it does come pre-dressed, the calamari gets soggy really fast, but for me this was a minor hindrance, not a dealbreaker.It was my first time here, but my buddies had been before and raved about their Catfish Sloppy Joes. I was skeptical because: 1) I don't like catfish, and 2) fish + sloppy joe sounded strange to me. I still got it, and it tasted exactly as it's described. Pretty good, but at the same time, nothing spectacular (esp. for $15). If anything, I'd be just as satisfied eating a regular sloppy joe made out of Grade F ground beef (if not more so, because this has that catfish funk that I'm not a fan of). Funny thing is though, after taking leftovers back home, this sandwich actually IMPROVES. But then again, I don't go to a sit-down restaurant with the intent to take home leftovers, I go to a restaurant to eat food THERE, so I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.If I could do it over, I would just order the calamari for myself as my entree and I'm good. Maybe I'd ask for the sauce on the side if possible though.Rhode Island Style Calamari: 4.5 starsCatfish Sloppy Joe: 2.5 stars, 3.5 stars for the doggy bag version
4	Wow their corn bread and butter biscuits are good! Fresh sustainable seafood. We ordered some sushi and it was SO fresh which suprised me being in Vegas and all. Cioppino is amazing. The sweet corn soup keeps you wanting more. The Alaskan halibut was cooked to perfection. The service was impeccable. Usually not a huge fan of restaurants in hotels but this one rocks. I dock off 1 star for not having the best desserts which I've learned just to skip.
5	Appetizers:- Small seafood sampler: clams, mussels, oysters, half a lobster, escabeche (seafood salad) with several sauces -- delicious and filling, sooooooo fresh- Jellyfish-wakame salad- Uni (sushi): this was the first time we tried it, and it was really good!  I felt like mine had a wasabi sauce that was refreshing- Fluke (sushi): pretty normal but tasty and freshEntrees:- Diver scallops: cooked perfectly, in a creamy sauce with angel hair pasta -- my boyfriend was jealous that he didn't get this dish- Swordfish with greens: breaded and delicious, but not particularly memorableDessert:- Red velvet whoopie pies with a shot of coconut milkshake: delish, especially the coconut milkshakeFor 2 people, we got the perfect amount of food.  I would have liked to try the walu nigiri, but it was not available that day.  Service was prompt for the most part and the place has a good ambiance -- you can see right into the kitchen, which was cool.  Total came up to about $230 with tip.
2	For a few C notes, I was pretty disappointed.  I'm not sure what it was, but it seemed like execution was always sub-par for such a highly touted place.  First, service seemed a bit off... for example - I immediately ordered a bottle of wine and it took at least 10+ minutes for glasses to show up without the wine...weird...10 minutes later I kind of gave an eye to our server and he came over with the wine and popped it open.  I'm not sure if I was supposed to always pour my glass, but I did - which I am fine with.The best thing I ate was the corn succotash - butter + fresh veggies is tasty, period.  The biscuits and cornbread were decent, but seemed like there was something missing.  So here is the big problem, Surf and Turf for 100 bucks...  You get half a 2 lb lobster and the filet which seems fine, but the 2 lb lobster is 80 bucks...   Mathemagics says that you are paying a serious premium for the half lobster, like 50% markup.  I ordered the fish and fry, which actually was pretty good.  The fries reminded me of jack in the box curly fries - I probably should have not trusted my servers advice of sticking with them. I like the ambiance of this place, it tries really hard to make things upscale but not like you need a sport coat.  The wine list gets my nod as well...   So RM gets 2 stars because paying 100 bucks for surf and turf and lackluster service just don't add up.
3	Here's the deal- the food was delicious, but not exceptional; the service was friendly, but things like food under tables and no toilet paper in the stall in the ladies room and our table not being ready at our reservation time really put a damper on the whole experience. My hubby loved the tuna duo and I really liked the corn and crab soup We wanted to share our entres, but they were so completely different on flavor and saltiness that it made it impossible. Our waitress also sold us on the $12 BBQ style mac'n'cheese which we both thought was ok.
5	i'm not a huge seafood guy but my girlfriend is.  thus ... we've been here a few times.rick and adam are two of the best chefs in all of las vegas.  that says something about them in a city that's known for service rather than ambiance (the opposite of los angeles).everything we've ever eaten here has been beyond amazing.definitely looking forward to the next time!
4	An unexpected find after a long walk on the strip. RM has a late nite "happy hour" menu with half price sushi and drinks. We tried all the dishes included and it did not disappoint. Service was very good and we could not have left happier.
4	I was very impressed by this restaurant on a whim visit. The food was flavorful, the service was on par and the atmosphere was very classy. I devoured the scallops as my entree and it kept me wanting more. I'd say this was very pricey for seafood, but I guess that comes along with a celebrity name.
4	I would have given RM Seafood 5 stars if it wasn't for the poor service by the wait staff.  Plus our food took too long to arrive.  However, once it did, I was very impressed.  I tend to steer away from rolls but I went with my gut and had probably the yummiest sushi roll ever!  Though now I can't remember the name of it.  Something with "kick" in the dish name and it did pack some punch.  We also had the fish sandwich with some of the best steak fries I've ever had.We finished the meal with a wonton filled with bacon, banana and chocolate with honey to dip into.  Heavy but delicious.  I never thought I'd see bacon on the dessert menu but it worked! I'd definitely go again and highly recommend it for the food.  Just wish the waiter was on top of his game.
1	I have never written a bad review, but I must say that from these other reviews I had such high exptectations-and was SOOO disappointed!!There were obvious problems in the kitchen last night. This was what I hope was not a busy night, apps took 25 mins, and entrees came out after the table next us, who came and order.ed well after us- WERE FINISHED! When our food made it to the table one was wrong and one was coldThere are bad nights in kitchens all the time, but the service made this the worst dining experience in recent memory.  The front waiter took our order and we didn't see him until after we flagged him over wanting to cancel our food that it took so long.After all this was going on and my guest was fuming about the ice cold halibut- the matred never came to the table to apologize and try to make it right.My friend left without having an entree and feeling very under served.  Worst dining experience.  Another case of a celebrity chef slapping his name on and photos up  in a Vegas restaurant.  I can only hope that he doesn't have a daily hand in that mess.
5	I've worked here, but I no longer do anymore.  The one thing I would have to say is that, I've never seen another restaurant up to par on how fresh their ingredients are.  From the veggies to the protein, the seafood, its all fresh fresh fresh.  The sushi bar serves the best rolls.  All you have to do is ask the sushi chefs whats good for the day and they will recommend you the best they can offer.  Ask for Josh, he's on his game at the sushi bar.
4	Had lunch at RM Seafood while visiting Vegas and loved it.  The clam/mussel appetizer was great, but if they ask if you want more bread to soak the delicious broth - they will charge you for it.  We also had the clam chowder and fried calamari as appetizers also.  For the entrees I had the swordfish, wife had the shrimp risotto and son had the pulled pork mac and cheese - all were great, portions were good too.
5	We visited Rick Moonen's RM Seafood this past Monday.  We were very impressed with everything we had.  We had drinks & the oyster sampler at the bar while we waiting for friends to arrive.  3 atlantic & 3 pacific oysters all very fresh.  When our friends arrived we were seated downstairs in the more informal dining area.  It's a huge place, with the bar & separate dining area downstairs and a lounge & more formal dining upstairs.  We have heard good things about the fine dining upstairs & will try it soon.  We all had the special restaurant week three course menu with an extra appetizer.  We started with the ahi tuna duo - tuna tartare & lightly seared tuna.  The tuna was very fresh and delicious.  Our friends enjoyed the jumbo lump crab cake - looked like all crab & no filler.  Next up was a shrimp salad or clam chowder, both were very good.  Main course was choice of salmon or scallops.  My wife & I had the salmon - slow cooked with a nice lime butter sauce.  Our friends had the scallops, which I got to try.  Scallops were properly cooked with a nice sear.  Desserts were strawberry cream puffs or chocolate carmel mousse.  I didn't try the cream puffs but the chocolate mousse was fantastic.  Always enjoy a little maldon sea salt on top of my chocolate...really sets it off.  I highly recommend RM Seafood.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE seafood, and I love Rick Moonen. I had the pleasure of meeting him up in Napa when he was doing a food demonstration with Michael Chiarello at Napa Style. They both were really down to earth chefs, and Rick Moonen definitely loves and knows his food. We were hoping that he was going to be at the restaurant, but we had missed him by ONE day. He flew out to NY the day we were there. But the meal still blew me away (with or without Chef Moonen's presence, although that would have been icing on the cake)We had the five course meal and the three course meal and shared all the courses. The service was really impeccable (our server was just ok, but everyone else were top notch). First, we started with a salad of burrata, braised tomato vinagrette, lobster tail, and squash blossom tempura. OMG holy cow. The burrata was light and melted in your mouth. The sweetness and the acidity of the tomato vinagrette helped cut through the creaminess of the burrata. The squash blossom tempura was surprisingly super crunchy and added a wonderful textural component. How if that wasn't enough, there was a tender piece of lobster tail sitting in the middle of the plate waiting to be devoured. Very good portion. Exquisite. Sweet Corn Soup with Fresh Blue Crab: The soup captured the very essence of the sweet corn. It was light, but had a touch of cream to it. I liked the flavor a lot and the soup was not too overpowering as to mute the flavor of the sweet crab. The portion was smaller, but I thought it was just the right amount because I could see the flavor getting a bit monotonous if one consumed too much. All in all- a very good soup.Rick Moonen's Clam chowder- I am lactose intolerant, but this soup was so addicting, and so hearty. I wish I could have had more than a few bites, because it was so delicious. The soup had a smoky flavor to it from either bacon or a ham hock. There was a generous amount of clams (you know they were freshly shucked) and fresh potatoes and your typical mirepoix . Again, very hearty and all in all a very good soup. Also a really good portion. Seared scallop with hot and sour sauce over seared eggplant: The scallop had a nice sear on both sides and was presented over a seared eggplant. I like all of the things seperately, but I thought the sauce, although delicious, overpowered the sweetness of the scallop. However, the sauce went perfectly with the eggplant, and it was actually my favorite part of the dish. Ciopinno- solid ciopinno with fresh seafood, al dente pasta, served with garlic bread. The ciopinno had crab, mussels, clams, shrimp, and fresh fish. I like a little spice to my ciopinno, but this was definitely legit. 9 oz filet with whipped potatoes and red wine reduction- Good cut of meat, legit potatoes, and the wine reduction was a good accompaniment. My only complaint was that they overcooked the filet just a little, but I'm assuming that's just how its prepared by the chef, because we never specified how we wanted the filet cooked. Rocky Road- chocolate pudding, homemade marshmallows, candied peanuts, vanilla ice cream, brownie bits, and a drizzle of passion fruit syrup. It sounds weird but it  all worked together. The saltiness and the crunch of the peanuts worked well with all the other sweet components tot he dish I liked it. Fat Elvis: Fried spring rolls with a banana, peanutbutter, and chocolate filling, then rolled in cinnamon sugar with a passion fruit dipping sauce. It sounds weird, but it was actually pretty good. I hate bananas so I had to take the banana out. It was ooey and gooey and at the same time crunchy from the wrapper. I especially liked it with the passionfruit. All in all, I was satisfied with the meal. I was surprised with the portion size, and I was stuffed at the end of the meal. I would definitely go back.The five course was $75, and the 3 course was $55 (add $15 for the filet)Can't wait to come back!
1	Our third Restaurant Week 2010 meal was at RM Seafood. We had 7 o'clock reservations. The restaurant used to be set up for two levels, the lower was casual and the upper was fine dining. Once the economy turned the restaurant could only support the lower casual level, apparently it is still that way, the upper level was closed on our visit. We were seated between a family with two young boys and two nicely dressed ladies, the rest of the dining room was just as varied. There were far more families there than I would expect. One sat on the patio, and their boys were playing in the main restaurant it was a huge distraction. Anyway, onto the meal...We came  in for the Restaurant Week menu, but they also have a prix-fixe menu for $55. My husband opted to go with that so we could sample a wider variety.We started with a crab california roll and clam chowder. The sushi was dry as can be. Not too pleasant. I've come to the conclusion I'm not a fan of clam chowder (if I didn't love it SF, I doubt I'll love it anywhere). This version was decent, but some of the clams were so chewy they were inedible. Usually you are started with a bread basket, but ours didn't make it to the table until we were mid-way through our appetizers. I wasn't particularly fond of the biscuits or the cornbread, but the latter was better.Moving on to the entrees, he had RM's version of Cioppino. It had a thin broth and pasta that was undercooked, and the seafood was all overcooked. It was not a successful dish on any account. I had diver sea scallops with sweet and sour eggplant topped with crispy soben noodles. The scallops were a little chewier than I'd like, but otherwise it was a fine dish. It just wasn't my preferred preparation.Things got interesting once dessert rolled around. My strawberry cream puff was terrible. Quite possibly the driest one to ever pass my lips, I couldn't eat it. I picked out the strawberries and enjoyed the sorbet. Frank had the Fat Elvis, which were warm chocolate bacon banana spring rolls. They were tasty, surprisingly the gooey chocolate and smoked bacon went well together. It was a tasty sweet and salty bite.Service was acceptable, we had a few mishaps in terms of timing and missing utensils, but troubles were quickly corrected.I wanted to love RM Seafood, but the experience was pretty dismal. The only highlight was the Fat Elvis dessert.
4	Every good Yelper enjoys a top-end meal now and again, and I am no different.  Slide me a steak done to perfection, or a succulent lobster prepared by one of America's best chefs, and I'm going to slide a horrendus amount of cash into that nice leather check holder (actually I give them my credit card - the only way I would be carrying that much cash is if I had just robbed a bank).But After watching Chef Rick Moonen on Top Chef Masters, I wanted something less ordinary.  Something over-the-top.  A high risk masterpiece.RM Seafood in Mandalay Bay delivers.Our quest for the culinary extraordinary landed us with:Steak Tartar - not unheard of, but not common either.  Served with shaved truffles, another delight rarely found on my plate.Moon'n Doggies - corn dogs made with shrimp and tilapia.  I don't think you are even allowed to be this creative in a restraunt unless you are a celeberty chef.  Subtle flavors and not cheap tasting.  Other than it's outer appearance, it's nothing like a corn dog.4x4x2 - 16 scoops of ice cream, served for two people.  What flavor?  That's where the fun comes in.  Each scoop is different, and most are completely out of the ordinary.  If you can guess what all of them are, dessert is free.  Our waiter said he had never seen anyone get them all.  We arent talking standard flavors here either.  There was no strawberry on our plate.  There was a cheesecake one though.The challenge made dessert way more fun than any dessert we have ever had.  Even when we knew we wernt going to get them all, the fun continued with frozen flavors that you may recognize, but as an ice cream, your brain won't make the connection.  We emptied all but 2 of the dishes, and even licked a couple of them clean.If you are a fan of television cooking competition shows where the chefs are given formidable challenges, I strongly recommend ordering some of the more unusual dishes at RM
5	Lunch review: Best seafood I've ever had! The escabeche was sweet and crunchy and fresh and ocean-y! I couldn't  stop thinking about it for days! My husband had 6 different kinds of oysters and he said they were amazing. He and I shared the fish tacos and i have yet to taste a better fish taco. We also had saffron risotto with shrimp and it was delicious. Can't wait to go back to try dinner. Love love love RM!  Oh last but not least - service was awesome!
3	Had such high expectations!! Was let down.... The service was great, we got seated right away. Prices are a bit high but not unreasonable. I had sushi which was excellent!! The rolls where Delicious, also ordered lobster and it was over cooked rubbery and just OK... All in all i would not recommend this place or would go back. Just wasn't anything special.
1	I really had great expectation for RM seafood with Rick Moonen being on Top Chef and being so passionate about his food but left with pure disappointment and here is why....Although I made reservation for lunch; when we got there, the restaurant was practically empty so we were seated right away. On the reservation, I stated we are celebrating our anniversary and hubby's birthday but the hostess didn't bother looking at the reservation and acknowledge our celebration like other restaurants did.Anyway...we didn't have breakfast so I did a quick glance of the menu and was ready to order. We ordered the crab cake $16), clam chowder ($9), lobster roll ($27) and the fish tacos ($17).The crab cake just came by it self with some aioli sauce which I thought for $16 bucks, we should have gotten two. It was a medium size crab cake with chunks of crab but who puts pineapple in their crab cakes? I sure don't. I thought the crab cake was bland. I was hoping really bold flavors, at least with a slight kick.On came the clam chowder which should have been called bacon chowder since their were more bacon bits than clams. The consistency was watery like soup rather than a chowder. The flavor certainly wasn't the taste of the oceanic clams, it was bacon and dairy (milk and creamy) and left that dairy after taste like I just had a cup of milk which I don't like.After the chowder, it seems like we were done because we waited for about 15 minutes and our entrees have not arrived yet. We waited patiently..mind you again, the restaurant wasn't busy..about only five tables were filled. The waiter finally comes over and asked if we received our entrees yet, and when we said no, he went to check and mentioned they messed up on the orders. At that point, hubby and I was already talking about canceling the rest of our orders and eating at Burger Bar. Unfortunately, when I asked if our orders were being made, hubby's fish was already on the fire so we left it at that but mine wasn't even made yet, so I was able to cancel it. Hubby's fish taco finally came and he enjoyed it but not worth $17.When the bill came, he forgot to take out the lobster roll, so he had to go correct it. Once the initial corrected bill arrived, I noticed there were extra charges thinking there was a sharing charge but it didn't make sense; so I informed the waiter...he realized he charged us the dinner prices! Then he tells us this is his third day...OH MY.....The Manager was there at all times in his fancy suit but never even came over to apologize or anything.I really don't mind paying more for good food, but paying so much for the quality and service I experienced here was just a letdown especially since it is known as an upscale restaurant. Since Chef Moonen wasn't there, the review is not against him because he seems like a great guy but perhaps, his Chefs needs a little more training on what quality food should taste like and how it is done.
5	Loved it, loved it, loved it!The staff was wonderful to a person, and the food was top notch.  I have to give kudos to the bartender, too, whose drinks were downright inspired and unusual.  I will remain a big fan...We had a lovely dinner.
4	Our dinner consisted of a 5-course tasting menu. And, for an additional cost was paired with wines.Although the food was good, the wines could have been much better. They actually 'cheapened' the food.
3	Dining alone for the evening, I decided to try out Rick Moonen's. From seeing him on TopChef Master's and checking out the menu, I knew I was in for a treat, and I was.Food was delicious, so good! I started off with a sampling of oysters, then had the shrimp corn dogs(oy!), and ended with the  Momo roll. The dinner would have easily been five stars had the waiter actually been kind, and not complaining at the station directly behind me about how pissed he was fir not having a busser. I dine alone sometimes when I travel, and I have to say wait staff is usually friendly to solo diners, maybe it's sympathy, but regardless, I just expected this from RM's. Didn't get it, and waiter made me feel like I was an inconvenience to him, and his station wasn't even filled. Boo.Food was fantastic still, but the waiter kinda killed it for me.
5	I see reviews ranging from 1-5 stars on this place from very credible sources, but I can only tell you about my personal experiences here. I am never disappointed when I come here.  I am so happy with the food here that I can just close my eyes, put my finger down on the menu and be happy with whatever I get.  This review is for the downstairs lunch.For starters we had the Lobster Bisque.  Nice and silky with lots of Lobster bits.The Chef was offering the Negi Roll that day so we got that and a surf and turf.  Some people I know are not fans of the beef in the roll but I personally love the Tempura'd Beef.For an entree I tried the Lobster Roll.  A nice Lobster Salad stuffed into a Bread roll.  All washed down with a couple of bottles of Monchof Riesling.We ended with the Ice Cream Name Game.  Never a disappointment.  We always try mixing different flavor combination afterward.The staff super knowledgeable and super friendly, the restaurant is clean and the food leaves you satisfied with a clear conscience.  I'll be back later this week.
5	Oustanding, as usual.  We went for lunch twice this week and had two bottles of wine the first trip, and another bottle the other day.  Their wine selection is fantastic, their service is impeccable, and their food is really good.  I love their sushi rolls, especially the now off menu Negi roll, which is usually featured as a Chef's choice roll of the day.  It's fantastic.  Their surf & turf roll is wonderful, too.  I cannot wait to try dinner upstairs soon!
2	Me & the gfs selected this place in advance of our trip. I knew nothing about the chef, this restaurant or why it's special. And after eating here, I still don't.My order consisted of a crab california roll - it was described as spicy crab salad...but there wasn't ANY spicy sauce or a flake of pepper to be foundSalmon over corn & edamame (i guess its called succatash or something). It was good...but was it something I should rush and fly 2500 miles for? Not reallly.Desert was a choco banana bacon egg roll. I felt adventurous and tried this, but didnt realize there would be peanut butter as well. PB is like my kryptonite..it makes me unhappy when I put it in my mouth as it takes over every other flavour it touched.The plus about this place was our waitress was pretty and outgoing and the cocktails my gf's ordered looked and tasted delicious.
5	Amazing!I live in Napa,CA, so my standards are pretty high, and this restaurant met them in spades.We went on a Sunday for lunch, when they had Football specials, which was nice. Our two sushi rolls were amazing, and they were half price.The clam chowder competes with some of the best I've had elsewhere. Same goes for the mussles in the delish broth. I would recommend springing the extra $5 for the extra garlic bread to get every ounce of the broth.Beers were a hot 2 bucks, which was definitely a plus for our lunch.Definitely make this one of your Vegas stops.
4	the service was a little lacking the night we went... no bread for like an hour!   but honestly best crab cake evar.  my scallops were darn good.  darn good!!!
2	So VERY dissappointed.... :(I only gave 2 stars because my waiter tried so hard.  Other wise my meal there was horrible.My GF said she felt like seafood.  I was in the middle of watching Top Chef Masters.  So of course I said " Let's go to RM!"  What  a mistake this turned out to be!We get seated right away.  Nice table.  Fantastic waiter.I decided to go with a bunch of appetizers instead of ordering regular meals.  I thought it would be more fun.  Kushi oysters, shrimp cocktail, tuna 2-ways, heirloom tomato and burata salad with king crab, chorizo corndogs, and steamed King crab.  Sound good? Hell ya it does.  Taste good? NO.  The best thing we had was the salad.  Absolutely delicious.  The worst was also the most expensive, the King Crab.  Was absolutely the worst crab I have ever had.  I've had better crab at red lobster or the buffet in Silverton.  Actually ashamed to admit I've eaten at Red Lobster before. ;P  The crab was completely dried out, rubbery, and luke warm.  Disgusting.  The King Crab that came on the salad was good, what the hell happened?  The waiter was really stressed when I told him about the meal.  he offered us a comp dessert.  We passed on it and just got the heck outa there.  $200 lighter in the pockets and a sour taste in my mouth (literally). Far from impressed, Rick.  Will not be returning, nor will I recomend anyone to eat here when the product available in the buffet is of higher quality.
5	My husband and I went here our first night in Vegas after our wedding.  It ended up being our big splurge meal because there was so much we wanted to try!It was happy hour still so we ordered some cocktails.  We don't usually order drinks at restaurants because of the price, but the signature cocktails we half price.  So glad we tried them,  I ordered the Gardener which is Hendricks gin, basil and lemon.  It was the best cocktail I have ever had.  And I don't usually like gin.  My husband ordered two drinks as well.  They were also very good.For apps we had the Shrimp Moon Doggies and the Clam Chowder.  The Moon Doggies were fantastic.  They were served with a creamy cilantro sauce and a very light and fresh coleslaw.  The clam chowder was one of the best we have ever had,  We are big fans of clam chowder and had a great one at our wedding which I think is the only one to rival this one.  This clam chowder wasn't to creamy which is so often a problem.  You could really taste the clams and there were some wonderful herbal flavors.  For our main courses, my husband got the Fish and Chips and I got the Cioppino.  First the Fish and Chips were light and fluffy with very good flavor.  The cioppino was by far the best I've ever had,  They feature a fish of the day plus shrimp clams and mussels.  Our fish was halibut, which I don't usually like but this was cooked wonderfully.  The tomato broth was full of flavor and the pasta was very fresh.All in all it was a wonderful meal.  Also our waiter was very friendly and attentive even though he was very busy
5	When my wife and I were planning our trip to Vegas, one of the reasons we decided to stay at THE Holel at Mandalay Bay was that we wanted to eat at RM Seafood.  We are big fans of Top Chef and Top Chef Masters, and when we learned that one of our favorites on the show, Rick Moonen, had a restaurant at Mandalay Bay, our decision was made.  We decided to save the best for last (we hoped), so we waited till our last night of vacation to finally try out RM Seafood.  We didn't have a reservation, but we were seated right away in the more casual downstairs part of the restaurant.  We perused the menu, and there were so many things that sounded good that we had a hard time choosing.  Luckily, our primary server, Robby, patiently went over the menu with us, including walking us through the tasting menu that was being offered. The tasting menu sounded perfect; we would be able to sample five dishes from the menu that the chef had chosen.  Unfortunately one of the items was a scallop dish, and my wife hates scallops, so we thought that the tasting menu was not going to be an option.  Robby went back to the kitchen to talk to the chef, and he came back with the good news that they would substitue out the scallop dish for a halibut dish.  Hooray! The first thing that came out was an amuse-bouche of sturgeon on top of a fried ball of sushi rice. This was not one of the five items on the tasing menu, but it was served compliments of the chef.   It was awesome; I wish they brought out a dozen instead of just one each.The first of the five dishes came next, the Ahi Tuna Duo.  This consisted of both seared and tartare tuna with avacado and yuzu soy sauce. This is an appetizer on the menu.  Wow, both the seared tuna and the tartare were delicious.  The yuzu soy sauce added just enough saltiness.  I would give this dish a 4.5 out of 5.  The only thing that would make it better would be a second portion, but we still had four more dishes to come, so there was nothing to complain about.Next up was the halibut dish that they substituted for the scallops.  How lucky we were!  The nice sized piece of Alaskan halibut came on top of a carrot-cardomon puree that was to die for.  On top of the fish were celery root and shaved carrots.  This all came together perfectly.  The halibut  melted like butter in our mouths.  Our third dish was the Wild Alaskan Salmon, served with brussell sprouts, bacon, and a horseradish cream.  I'm not a big fan of salmon, but this was delicious.  The salmon was lightly seared, and the skin side was crisp.  The horseradish cream combined with the bacon and brussell sprouts complimented the fish perfectly.  I guess I'm a bigger fan of salmon now.Our fourth dish was actually something not on the menu, and it was not seafood.  It was actually pork cutlets pounded flat and breaded, served over button mushrooms and pearl onions.  Not something I was thinking of when coming to this restaurant, but it was so good i wanted to take one of my wife's cutlets.  She didn't think she would finish her portion, but before i was half way through my second cutlet, she had cleared off her plate.  This dish is something that would be a great addition to the menu for those who are not big seafood fans.Finally, our final dish was a sampling of desserts.  This included toasted marshmallows, small pieces of brownies, roasted banana ice cream, and a small piece of the Fat Elvis which is an eggroll filled with chocolate, banana, and bacon.  All elements were great, but I think my favorite part was the ice cream.  The consistency was perfect, and the banana flavor was incredible.As you can imagine the price for this is a bit expensive because of the variety of dishes.  Including  a glass of wine and a beer, and after subtracting $25 (thank you restaurants.com), our bill came to $191.  This included an 18% gratuity (thank you restaurants.com) and tax. Although the price is pretty high for two people, the quality and quantity of the food we received along with the excellent service from Robby and the rest of the wait staff made this well worth it.  If you are in Vegas and want to splurge a litte, I would highly recommend RM Seafood and specifically the tasting menu.  You'll be glad you did!
4	After several times visiting Mandalay, we finally decided to try this place. I was excited about the 4course dinner package but we decided to splurge and get the 5course chef menu where you let the chef prepare the menu along with the wine pairing. The service was wonderful. The only bad thing was that they weren't loose on the pouring of the wine,
5	The price is pretty standard for Las Vegas, but I have to say, they have great seafood options - and, importantly, they're all natural/organic caught/grown etc.  They have great fresh oysters from multiple locations, and I actually had the best sushi I've ever had here.
3	Took some friends out to dinner in Vegas and figured that RM Seafood would be a great place to stop by for dinner.  Assumed that with the RM name the quality would be high and the food excellent.  I was somewhat conflicted about what rating to give for the restaurant.Drink started off while we waited for our table to be ready, about 45 minutes for a walk in group of 6, not bad in my opinion.  Had a Hedricks gin and tonic at the bar.  Well made and balanced, not weak but not overpoweringly alcoholic.  Quick bar service.The bread came to the table with 2 types.  The cornbread was fairly standard and average.  However, the biscuits were dense yet moist.  The tight crumb was refreshing with a moist buttery center.  I was a fan instantly.I chose the house signature bib salad.  The lettuce was fresh and crisp with a high quality bib lettuce.  The green goddess dressing was excellent, this was by far the best green goddess dressing I have ever had anywhere.The main dish was halibut with pea and a basil broth.  The fresh halibut was disappointing.  Flesh was firm but dry, there was little preserved moisture toward the edge of the filet.  The halibut appeared to be a quality piece, but the preparation and cooking could have been better.  The basil broth was thin, watery, and bland.The high point of the dish was the peas and the pea shoots.  They were tender and sweet with a bright taste.  However, they did not make up for the rest of the dish.Staff was quick, courteous, and very helpful.  However, the few high points of the night did not make up for the problematic main dish.  If the halibut was better I would have gone up to 4 stars, but unfortunately I can not in good conscience do so.
4	I went to the more casual downstairs restaurant for lunch.  Loved the patio tables, basically it looks out to the casino.  I ordered the Tuna Trio, Muscles and Chowder.  The Tuna was FANTASTIC but really small.  It was like a tease or an amuse-bouche.  The muscles were perfectly cooked with a fantastic broth.  The chowder was creamy, flavorful and delicious.  All of the food was fantastic.  The prices were a bit high but that's to be expected.  I need to give this place another shot, I was a bit under the weather (um, that's my story and I'm sticking to it) so no wine.
3	I was a little underwhelmed by this place. It's not super expensive by Vegas standards, I suppose, but it may be more than you're used to paying. And for what the meal cost, I would have liked it to be better. I'd been excited to try it because I'm a fan of Top Chef Masters.  We ordered the shrimp moon-doggies as an appetizer. They were good, but perhaps overpriced at $14.  My friend ordered the "Famous" fish and chips and said they were very good. I had the Grilled Shrimp and risotto. I couldn't decide if I liked the flavor of the risotto, and it was a little underdone, and not very creamy, which I think risottos are supposed to be? At least it wasn't soupy, which is a problem I've had elsewhere. My husband had the Lobster Bolognese and seemed underwhelmed by it also.I think for less money I would have been happier with the meal, but I wasn't wowed and left feeling unsatisfied.
3	My husband and I decided to try this place for our anniversary dinner; we had to go with the more casual downstairs since the upstairs isn't open on Sunday nights. The food was good, though I can't say it was anything spectacular. We started with the "moon doggies", which are shrimp corn dogs, they were interesting for lack of a better word. The oyster shooters were pretty good.i ordered the grilled shrimp and my husband had the walu kabob. Both were good, nothing special, which is disappointing because for $30+ for 5 shrimp I would have expected them to be fantastic.Our server was very nice, though perhaps a little too attentive for my taste, constantly hovering. The tables are very close together so be prepared to befriend your neighbors. And the fact that they sat us out on the patio part that is basically steps away from the casino kind of ruined the nice atmosphere we wanted for our special occasion, but that is my fault for not asking to be moved. However, Rick Moonen himself was there that night, so getting to see him in person was definitely a highlight.Don't think I'll want to come back to this place, although they do have some pretty good Monday night football specials we noticed, so that might be worth a try.
1	rip off place!! all they wana do is to force u to order their expensive food!water is extra and we were not informed of it!!
5	Friendly knowledgeable servers.  Beautiful ambiance.  AMAZING FOOD!!!
4	Went with the Yelp Crew for the 4x4 Challenge but we decided to grab a light dinner. It was a Monday night so most of us ordered off the Monday Night Specials menu.First of all the tap Stella Artois was PERFECT. I've never had a place that thought ahead and chilled the glasses before the pour and the serve. The first taste was just perfection. The last tastes (milking it, would have chugged the whole thing and ordered a brand new one but that would have been uh-yelp worthy conduct) was standard stella.Service was EXCELLENT. Catfish Sloppy JoeWow this was pretty awesome. The buns were toasted, the side of potato chips were home made and had a lovely crisp taste suggesting that fresh oil was used. Very nice attention to detail on the chips. The burger itself was excellent, the sauce was very fresh and home made with large cuts of onion and bell peppers. The catfish pieces were large enough to retain their distinct catfish taste while blending in nicely with the sauce. If this is what they offer on the Monday Night Sports Specials menu i GOTTA come back to try the standard menu4x4 ChallengeOMFG this was fun. Some flavors were VERY distinct, you could guess them on the first taste, others were tricky but after everyone putting in their two cents and eventually agreed on a flavor. Others were just upside down and backwards, for example the coconut tasted NOTHING like coconut and pine nut...seriously PINE NUT?! Had a few favorites to include: Malt Chocolate, Pear, Apple Sauce and Rum Raisin. The Rum Raisin was heavy on the rum taste so toward the end i decided to start taking shots of the melted ice cream. Wow four shots of melted Rum Raisin and i actually started feeling a bit buzzed but it only lasted for a few minutes. That was good times.Thanks Jen S. for setting this up and i HIGHLY encourage people to try this place out but save some room for the 4x4
3	The note I left myself when drafting this review was "Portions" and that had to do primarily with huge difference in size between my Halibut (appetizer-ish) and Sam's Cioppino (would have fed two). I felt cheated. My Ahi Duo appetizer was a great start - lots of complementary flavors. Sam's White Shrimp cocktail was fresh and flavorful but basic. This was our first meal in Las Vegas for this trip and while acceptable, wasn't particularly memorable - oh, and Sam reminds me, he never got to order the glass of wine he'd wanted with his main course.
1	Tiny, lukewarm portions and scatterbrained service at ridiculous prices.
5	The seafood here is outstanding - the best that I have ever had, hands down. You can taste the salt water in each piece of fish. The sheer "crispness" of everything will really blow you away. I went here for lunch, so I didn't eat everything in sight, but my father, husband, and I did make quite a dent in our appetites for dinner. We had Alaskan king crab leg that was so rich and delicious that you didn't even need the butter that was served with it. We ordered the chef's sushi roll, which was made for us on the spot, so I don't quite remember what was in it, but it was large and insanely good. The sashimi was so fresh that I could have continued eating it for hours without getting that woozy feeling that I sometimes get after eating too much fish. My father also ordered a lovely cold sake, that I don't remember the name of, but as someone who normally can't stomach the stuff, it was fantastic - so light and smooth that you would think you were drinking a nice white wine and not sake. The service was subpar, and that's something I am normally a stickler for, but the food was so good that I didn't even care. I wish I could go here all the time, but since I only go to Vegas once a year, it will certainly be the first place I stop by in 2011!
1	went to rm seafood for a friend's 30th birthday celebration and couldn't have been more disappointed.  we had 12 people and when they offered to split up the check by couple; we didn't realize that it was going to take 45+ minutes.for the price of the food; i expected so much more.  i got a 9oz. filet that i ordered med-rare; it came out med-well; while my fiance got a very rare cut.  we would have simply switched but i ordered mine oscar; a seemingly simple task; especially at a seafood place but instead i got what the waiter quoted as a 1/2 lb of crab meat on my steak.  this was very displeasing because of a couple of things (1) it was not 1/2 lb of crab meat (2) even at a much more reputable steak place like smith & wo; oscar does NOT cost $39 - so needless to say i was very shocked when i got the itemized bill and this is what showed up.  had i known that it would have been rung up like that; i would have opted for the $80 surf / turf meal that was the special - so i was very disappointed.aside from that; we had one server who introduced everything and then just disappeared and we didn't see him again until the end of the night and he had nothing to say about our disappointment in service because he was not the one even serving us for the night.we had one dinner that didn't come out until 25 minutes after they brought out all of the other dinners - so that is always a tough situation when with a group because do you wait on the one plate and let everyone else's food get cold or do you just eat and then you are all sitting around looking at that person who is eating their dinner.when they finally did break up the bill; they added gratuity - which is fine because it was a group of 12 so i was completely fine with that; EXCEPT for the fact that it was more than 25% that was added as gratuity - now i would have tipped at least 20% even with the disappointing events that took place but to place more than 25% on a check without even an explanation is i think less than expected.overall - i can say that i will not be going back to rm seafood during my next trip.
2	We had high expectations of this place and were sorely disappointed. It was about 9pm when we were seated for dinner. The dining room was pretty empty, just a couple tables with diners. After being seated, we had no contact with any server for at least 10 minutes. No water, no cocktail orders, no "hello, I will be right with you". Annoying since there were only about 2 open tables and about 10 servers walking around. Even after we ordered our cocktails, we had to remind one of the servers about them. They forgot. A server promptly began by reciting their mantra of "we are NOT about the portions". And boy, were they right. My husband got the tasting menu and I opted for an appetizer and an "entree".  The appetizer was about the size of an amuse bouche and the "entree"....the "entree"....My "entree" was the diver scallop "anemone".  One very small sized scallop and 2 tiny bits of abalone. This was my "entree".  For no less than $48. The taste was fine. Nothing to write home about. Nothing spectacular. Husband's tasting menu selections were also just "fine".  The best part of the meal was the dessert...a chocolate car bomb. The entire experience is just too precious. Too contrived. Too pretentious. From what we saw of Rick Moonen on Top Chef Masters, I expected something more down to earth. Great seafood with a flair worthy of fine dining. All we got was someone trying too hard.
5	Went there for dinner w/ my wife's mother and brother.  Jessie was our server.  After we placed our order, I asked for a recommendation on the wine.  Given what we ordered, I would have asked for a chardonnay with no oak.  That seems to be more popular and available now, and it tastes a lot lighter without the oak barrel aging.  But the Mom wanted red, so I wasn't sure what to get.  I asked Jessie for a recommendation, and gave a price cap.  She came back with a Miura Vineyards pinot noir from King City in Monterey County.  She said it was fruity and peppery, and would go well with what we ordered.  Had a taste.  Spot on - fruity and peppery.  Normally wouldn't think to get a wine from Monterey County, and my only memory of King City was as a stop-off during a road trip from LA in 1989.  Sorry, King City.  I had it all wrong.  Thanks for the great pick, Jessie!  We all shared the steamed clams appetizer.  The clam meat was huge and juicy, especially given average size of the shells.  Also tried some oysters for appetizers.  We didn't see the Kumamoto oysters that seem to have some of the best/strongest taste.  But they still had some good stuff there.  After dinner, checking the menu for the restaurant upstairs, we noticed they serve Kumomoto oysters there, just not downstairs.  Next time we're there, we may ask if they can serve that while dining downstairs.  For those who are in the Monterey/Carmel area, check out Flaherty's in Carmel.  The rest of dinner was great.  Halibut for me (again), but prepared differently.  Cioppino for the wife (again).  Mother-in-law and Brother-in-law shared a whole lobster, steamed.  It's nice how they can make it however you want - steamed, grilled, etc.  Pricey, but tasty and good, and a good size.  Brussels sprouts are leaved and cooked with bacon.  All goodness.  Strawberry sorbet that comes with the strawberry shortcake was great.  Strong strawberry taste - are they in season now?Used a gift card purchased from restaurants.com.  Can't not do that.  Great place to go.  Glad to see nothing's changed in 6 months.
5	Really liked this place. I was lured to RM because I was familiar with the chef, Rick Moonen, who was a finalist in the first season of Top Chef Masters. We went early on a Saturday night, around 6pm, and were seated immediately. Overall, the service was excellent. The food came quickly and the servers were friendly and helpful.For an appetizer, we ordered the "Ahi Tuna Duo," which was tuna tartare with avocado and soy sauce. Simple, but the ingredients were top notch and delicious.For my entree I ordered lobster bolognese. The lobster was the only meat in the dish, and it included a lot of big chunks of tasty lobster. The sauce was rather subtle but delicious.The fifth star is undoubtedly for the dessert we ordered, key lime pie. I haven't had many key lime pies in my life, but this was undoubtedly the best one I have ever hard. Of particular excellence was the crust, which was extremely rich and buttery. The custard and marangue on top were also perfect.  They give you a whole mini-pie (not just a slice), which is more than enough for two people, probably enough for three because it is so rich. Delicious!
3	Great ambience and the dishes were solid.  Would have given add'l star if the service was kicked up a couple notches.  For a restaurant of this caliber, overall service experience was par at best.Marketing side note - lose the life-size cutout ads of Rick all over the place...pretty tacky.
2	I though what a joy I was in for at rm Seafood, that was before I made my way to the restaurant.  I'm not sureif it was the hostess who really couldn't be bothered at the start or her counterpart who who mumbled something unintelligible when we were seated, or possibly the relentlessly upselling waiter, that first made me question whether this was a mistake, but I thought, so the service needs some work, I came here for the food.  So, I looked over the menu and ordered the Bibb lettuce salad and the swordfish "Milanese" which both sounded delicious and I'm sure could be delicious, were it not for the watery green goddess dressing and the extra extra virgin olive oil residing in the bread crumb coat on my fish.  The worst offender,however was a side of brussel sprouts that really should have been set aside, as the leaves floated in this bacon boiled soup.  So sad!!!  The vodka, however, was as good as any and the olives were large and ripe.  Also, the swordfish itself was extremely buttery once the nasty bc jacket was scrapped away.  I did have to ask for a clean knife, but can't that happen anywhere!!
1	I am sad to be writing this review because I was really looking forward to dining here.  But after my experience, I was so appauled that I felt the need to register with yelp to write a review and inform others of the terrible experience.  The food was average - I had the potato lobster soup which was bland and luke warm as well as a tuna maki roll and the steamed mussels.  The sushi and mussels were as expected - nothing stellar. The service was what eventually ruined the night.  I had brought my husband and friends to LV for a 30th birthday party, so we were ready to celebrate.  Everyone's dinners came out at different times over a 20 minute time period.  One dinner was wrong and had to be re-done.  By the time it came out everyone was finished eating an the steak was raw!  When we told our server of our issues with this, his response was "if I take it off the bill, will that make you happy?"  After spending a large amount of money - we were told we had to write down on the receipt how they should split the check up.  Quite a tedious process with 12 diners after they told us at the begninng splitting is not a problem.  From there, the server took over 40 mins to split up the checks.  I checked in with the manager as we had reservations elsewhere that were approaching.  He was quite rude and told me they were" handling it" and continued to fight with me when I told him our displeasure with the experience.  I was never apologized to nor even given the common courtesy of an explanation or that they understood my frustrations.  As the icing on the cake, I was finally walking out of the restaurant.  As I passed by the manager I had spoken to, he made eye contact with me and didn't even say a word.  No "have a nice night", no "thanks for dining with us"...NOTHING.I will never go back to this restaurant or anything with Rick Moonen's name on it.  Quite unfortunate since I'm sure he never intended for the dining experince at his restaurant to be like this.
1	i wish i can give them -5 stars if i could. bad service and bad food
2	Heard all the hype about this restaurant but I think this restaurant sucks. I ordered the halibut and it came out uncooked in the middle. Sent it back hoping to get a new piece of fish, but they just cooked my fish a little more. Rick should fire his whole chef staff and start over.
4	We had a restaurant.com gift certificate for RM Seafood Downstairs and decided to use it for our anniversary. We made a reservation through opentable.com, expressing that we were locals and it was our wedding anniversary.The Downstairs definitely has a very different ambiance than the Upstairs. Downstairs is open and has more of a sports bar feel in some ways. Whereas Upstairs is definitely an upscale restaurant atmosphere.We had done our research ahead of time and already knew exactly what we wanted to order. We started off with the oysters rockefeller. I'm not a fan of oysters generally (though, my husband is), but these were incredibly delicious. The flavors were amazing.We then progressed to the Ebi-Go sushi roll. All of the sushi rolls sounded great, so it was difficult to choose. The Ebi-Go roll totally delivered, though. Excellent flavors and great presentation.For entrees, we ordered the ribeye with bernaise sauce and the hand-made cavatelli with morel mushrooms and blue crab. Being a huge fan of bernaise sauce, I can be a rather harsh critic when it comes this sauce. RM's bernaise did not disappoint. In fact, it was one of the better bernaise sauces I've ever had. The pasta dish was also great. It was almost more like gnocchi and the mushrooms and crab paired incredibly together. For a side, we opted for the BBQ-style mac 'n' cheese. The flavors were explosive. The BBQ meat with the peppers was awesome. Definitely one of the best mac 'n' cheese dishes in Vegas.For dessert, we of course had to go with Rick's Tasting Game. It was such a fun way to end the meal. We thought we'd nail it, but it is amazing how much not knowing what it is can screw with your taste buds.Given that it was a holiday weekend, the restaurant was pretty crowded and busy. However, we found the service to be good and never felt rushed.The server brought our check. We inserted our gift certificate and credit card. Server brought it back. We signed the receipt. We left.Since it was our anniversary, I promised my husband that I would separate myself from my crackberry for the evening. And I stuck to that for the most part. Though, a few hours later, when my husband took a restroom break, I sneaked a peak. I had 17 missed calls, 11 texts, and 6 voicemails. All from our server. He apparently screwed up somehow with the bill and needed us to come back. Ok sure, no problem. But I was pretty livid given the 17 calls, 11 texts, and 6 voicemails. Overboard much? And the only reason he had my cell number was because we made the reservation through opentable.com, where we stated we were locals and it was our anniversary. So that made me even more livid.We made our way back to RM and the issue was fixed. Thankfully, the hostess was incredibly nice and apologized repeatedly for the server.So while the food would warrant a 5-star rating (and did cement in place my crush on Rick Moonen), the 17 calls, 11 texts, and 6 voicemails makes me deduct a star out of sheer irritation.
3	When you have a celebrity's face and name on the restaurant, you want to be impressed, need to be impressed, should most definitely be impressed.  Not the case for this restaurant.  Sure, take Rick Moonen's cuisine and price it at regular prices and put it in a "normal" city and you would have a decent restaurant.  But for Vegas, wah wah wah.  The restaurant was nice but felt like upscale-Vegas-buffet seating on the lower level.  597,000 servers must have rushed by our table and there was hardly any room for them to even put their large trays of food down on a tray-jack so they could serve their tables.  Our server was cold and very business-like, but also very efficient in his own way.  The diversity and the politeness of the staff was the best thing about them.      (oh! Its okay to charge for water at an upscale restaurant but this is not the type of place I would expect that from....but it happened without a word of warning.  Not cool.)Food time!!!     1st up:                  White Clam Chowder:  Fantastic except it was missing the clam/seafood taste!!  All I was getting was bacon and dill which still made for a fantastic creamy soup.     Entrees:                   Lobster Bolognese:  Loved the thickness of the noodles and the size of the dish.              Didn't love the slight "black licorice" flavor (over-did it on             (the anise oil?)  Decent dish but wouldn't order again.                  Grilled Shrimp:  Loved the color of the dish.  Loved the texture of the Saffron Risotto and the creaminess of it as well.             Didn't love the lemony taste of the shrimp.  Should have kept the shrimp simple and/or gone for the "grilled taste."After all of that resentment towards the food and the server, I just couldn't stick around for dessert so that was all she wrote!  I'm sure there are ways to experience this restaurant in a better view (maybe ordering sushi?), I just didn't hit it right on the first try.
4	This restaurant may be all about seafood, and we did have some nice fish entrees when we were there.  But the draw for us was Rick's Ice Cream sampler.  You get 16 scoops of "mystery" ice cream flavors -- if you can guess what they are, it's free!(Be warned, I asked our waiter... in his two years working there, no one has gotten the sampler for free.  The closest he saw was 14 correct).The first two flavors we tried were vanilla and chocolate.  I think they do this on purpose... to build your confidence and get you to lower your guard.  That is a mistake.  Next to the chocolate scoop was a light orange colored scoop, so I took a big bite thinking it was some sort of orange flavor.  It turned out to be sriracha!  Quite a different flavor, and probably better in small doses.  So that is my advice to anyone who tries this out... take small bites.They rotate the flavors each week, so you may not get sriracha.  But you will get something that you don't typically think of as a dessert flavor.  And you will probably walk away, thinking your pallette is not nearly as sophisticated as you thought it was.  This happened to me with the "sour cream" flavor.  I put "sour cream" in quotes, because I'm still not convinced that what the restaurant said was sour cream actually was sour cream.  To me, it tasted exactly like key lime and I told our waiter this.  Apparently, I don't know what real, fresh sour cream tastes like..  And I guess I don't know what key lime tastes like either. Still, this was a fun food experience for my husband and me.  And it would be a great thing to try out with a group of friends.  I'll have to see if I can improve on my current score of 8/16.
2	Not so impresses it was ok at best
2	Okay food. Bad service. Very expensive.When I arrived at 5PM on a Wednesday, I was the only person in the place.I sat at the bar, and asked a couple of questions about the food, and if there were any specials. Each of my queries was met with "I dunno... what do you like?"I randomly decided on the three-course prix fixe menu ($55) with an additional order of a California roll. I asked the bartender if she had any wine recommendations "I dunno, what do you like?"I ordered coke.My first course was the clam chowder, which was *way* too salty, and frankly not as good as you'd get at any decent clam shack in New England.The California roll had lots of fresh avocado, but was otherwise unremarkable.The main course - was it Arctic Char or Salmon? Nobody told me.  - was served with a white sauce (which I was told was a horseradish sauce - though I couldn't taste any). The fish itself was rare to the point of being raw. There were no sides.After about twenty minutes had gone by - I was sitting there with my empty coke glass, and an empty plate - and noticed that I hadn't seen my waitress/bartender in quite a while. I flagged down another member the the wait staff, and asked if he could maybe find her for me.Five minutes later, someone else came up and asked if I was done. I mentioned that I hadn't received my desert course yet. To which he replied "Well, how was I to know that?". Now totally confused, I asked if my waitress hadn't placed the order for me. I was told that she had left about a half hour ago, and no, there was no desert order (even though it was a part of the Prix Fixe menu).I ordered desert, and asked - hopefully -  if there was a desert wine that would go with it. "Yes, " I was told - there was actually a wine-pairing that was optional with the Prix Fixe menu - would I like to order that?"NOW, they tell me? After I'm almost done with dinner? Even when I had asked about it earlier? Oy.I got a glass of port to go with my rocky-road pudding (which was fine, but again, nothing special) and asked for the check.The total was $83 for a mediocre meal, and the sort of service that I would expect at a Denny'sTo be fair; I've had good service and great food when I sat at the sushi bar here. The sushi chef was helpful, respectful and lightning quick. He explained all about each fish and the preparation. He made it seem like a special event. Too bad that the same cannot be said of the restaurant side of things.It's not that anything was *terrible*, but for the price, it should have been a wonderful dining experience.It wasn't.
3	Definitely not impressed with all the hype about Rick Moonen.To start off, the food took a long time to come.  The cornbread and bisquits were very good (4/5).The clam chowder was delicious (4/5).The moon doggies was just mediocre (3.5/5)I was not impressed with my Halibut (2/5), which was recommended by our server.  It was bland with a carrot puree that did not taste very good.I will have to agree with Tina (below), the funnest part of the restaurant was the Ice Cream Sampler (5/5) especially with your friends.  We only got 9/16 correct!The "fat elvis" just did not taste right with the bacon after taste (3/5)
5	My all time favorite restaurant. I love the fact that all seafood served here is sustainable and follows the Monterey Bay Aquarium's Seafood Watch Guide. Chef Moonen has been named MBA's Chef of the Year for the 10th Annual Cooking for Solutions event in May 2011. Anything you order here will be golden. The four of us each ordered something different and it was all amazing. I had the special seasonal drink- Backwoods Fiddler. The Moon Doggies are to die for! You absolutely HAVE to eat here!
4	The only reason I didn't give this restaurant a five-star rating is because of its location in Mandalay Bay off the casino where you can smell cigarette and cigar smoke while you eat. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem with smoking, but it pairs better with really hearty fair like steak, not seafood;) Other than that, it's fantastic! For lunch we had oysters, a spicy fireball roll, and I had a delicious, perfectly cooked halibut that almost had the texture of a chicken breast, and a lot more juicy flavor than I have ever tasted in halibut. My boyfriend had the catfish sloppy joe--fantastic, perfectly seasoned sauce and crunchy pickles. The sauvignon blanc that our waitress recommended was just right. Cheers to Alison, she steered us in the right direction--ordering was a breeze and everything was great. It's a plus that the restaurant relies on in-season fish so everything is really fresh. They are low-key about it and not all pushy and posh like some places. No gimmicks here!
3	RM Seafood, how I just wanted to adore you... but unfortunately, the magic wasn't there. From a grumpy server to bland food (except the chowder, which was FANTASTIC... I would go back and just order that) we were very disappointed. With a plethora of other fabulous foodie choices in LV, this just didn't stand up.We are (still) big fans of Rick Moonen, and it was a pleasure to see him in the restaurant mingling with patrons. However, maybe more of his time should be spent making sure the food is as he would make it....
3	The food here is very tasty of course being Rick Moonen, and we had the pleasure of seeing the man himself making his rounds in the bar area that night..but our fun ended there.We had great service in the bar among a friendly crowd of people, but when we were seated for dinner we were disappointed. The bistro area is very bright. We felt like we were eating in a mall food court. The service at our table was terrible...very VERY slow, he forgot part of our order, and the wine was outrageously priced and took about 30 minutes to arrive at our table  (hello it's Vegas: I know it's expensive, but we'll drink it if IT WERE TO BE POURED!).I plan to go back for the bar menu though because of how good the food was and looked in the bar! Maybe my next review will be more favorable..we shall see..
3	Restaurant was really empty on Saturday for lunch. We sat down in the patio area that wasn't really outside, just outside the restaurant. I had the fish sandwich and clam chowder... Then the 16 ice cream sampler for dessert.Clam chowder first. People in my party thought it was too salty. I'd have to say the saltiness was about the same as Campbell's canned soup. Other than that, it was pretty standard. I did expect to be blown away at a seafood restaurant but I wasn't. The halibut sandwich was good.. Just the halibut though. I ended up dissecting my sandwich to just eat the fish. The fries were alright, nothing too special. Reminded me of Umami Burger fries, but not as good. Ice cream sampler was a fun treat to play with my party. That's probably the only thing that stood out, but no ice cream was good enough to finish the sample..Good to try, but wouldn't come again.
4	3.5 Stars really.VENUE: The place is located in the Mandalay Hotel Bay and Resort near the theatre. Not too big but not cramped, the place has a bar and seating for plenty. The door that opens the restaurant is pretty darn cool. It's this huge square that looks like a wall but lo' and behold it opens up!FOOD: My sister and I split the Fixed Prixe Meal for $55. Three courses from a selection of items. We opted for the "Clam Chowder" to start, followed by the "RM style Cioppino" rounded out by the "Fat Elvis" for dessert. The clam chowder, although appearing to be bit salty as per the first bite, gradually progressed into a warm and calming creamy taste of the sea with every spoonful after. Each bite was delicious. The Cioppino was a lot bigger in portion than we had anticipated but that worked to our advantage because we were sharing. The pasta was chewy and dressed in a red sauce mixed with fish, shrimp, crab, and mussels. It was piping hot when it came out and we didn't even finish. The Fat Elvis was AMAZING. Fried banana wrapped in bacon and chocolate. All fried and dipped in a honey sauce. AMAZING i tell you. For those who enjoy turon or fried bananas, or bananas and chocolate. The bacon adds a pleasant and subtle surprise sweetness. SERVICE: Service was standard. There were times where I felt like our server was annoyed with us and she wouldn't do a good job hiding it, but either way we were checked on periodically by both server and even the manager(?)  inquiring about our time there. I will have to come back to try the sushi rolls.
4	Fantastic food and definitely expensive for anywhere except vegas. They're not really set up for kids, but they really did their best. Friendly, attentive staff. Oysters sampler was great, scallops delicious and halibut was very good. The kids split an order of the chicken and that was really fantastic
1	Horrible.  Never before have I been charged $6 for the olives in my martini.  If I'm already paying $21 for a martini the olives should be included. Overpriced mediocre food. Go somewhere else for seafood. 'Nuff said.
3	Oh Rick, how you disappoint me so! I came into this with high expectations especially since I'm a Top Chef fan myself, but I walked out feeling disappointed and cheated of my money. On my way out of Vegas, I came here for lunch and on my way out, I wish I had gone to Bouchon again instead!I ordered for appetizers/starters: duo tuna, 2 oysters, and a bowl of clam chowder. For the entrees I split the grilled shrimp risotto and RM burger. The tuna appetizer was the biggest ripoff! It was $16 and my fist was bigger than the entire plate. If the plate is that small, the flavor better pack a punch and give me an orgasm in my mouth, but sadly no. I couldn't even fake one if I wanted to. There were 3 small pieces of seared tuna with a spoon full of tartare underneath. The slices of avocado were larger than the seared tuna! I did not eat the oysters, but my party members indicated that the oysters were delicious, plump, and juicy so at least that didn't disappoint.The soup was lukewarm when presented to us. Maybe we got there at opening and that's why it was lukewarm, but its not like I showed up at 9am for breakfast. Its 11:30, soup should be hot, especially on a cold winter day! It also wasn't out of the world extraordinary where I would spend $9.My grilled risotto was oversalted, which is a shame because the flavors were solid had it not been oversalted and the risotto was cooked perfectly, albeit a bit oily. The RM burger was shockingly decent and the fries were actually really good, but its a RM SEAFOOD, and to be pleased by burgers and fries seems disappointing. Furthermore, I might as well just head up the escalators to Burger Bar and enjoy cheaper and more delicious burgers with way more options than RM.Overall, I felt cheated by the money I spent on such underwhelming food. I expected so much more from RM not just based on Rick's reputation, but the price tag too. Ugh, the more I write, the angrier I get.
4	Great place!!  Sat in the bar area - after attending the Lion King.  The bartender was great with lots of great food and drink recommendations.  Tried the tasting menu which is the best deal on the menu.  Will eat here again.
1	My boyfriend and I had really high hopes for RM Seafood because we are such avid fans of Top Chef.  Upon our arrival, things started to go terribly and they were never fully acknowledged by the wait-staff or anyone else!Our waitress was really nice when we sat down, but didn't come to check on us very often so it took us longer to order and get our food.  PLUS the server (not our waitress) spilled champagne all over my boyfriend and our table and completely ruined his gray suit and wool jacket.  Besides a quick apology, there was no acknowledgment that his clothes were ruined and wet for the rest of dinner and our night!!The food that came afterward definitely came out slowly and was only partially impressive.   We had steak tartare, oysters and clam chowder that was ABSOLUTELY delicious.  It was AMAZZZZING.  The steak tartare was an amuse-bouche and it was perfectly crunchy, fresh and spiced to perfection.  The oysters were cold and served with lemon and cocktail sauce.  The clam chowder was incredibly filling, rich, creamy and had large chunks of clams~  Our dessert of an ice cream sampler was also incredible because we were given vanilla bean, mixed berry sorbet, pistachio, and chocolate Kahlua.But our main course was RM style Cioppino and it was TERRIBLE.  The sauce was watery, the noodles overpowered the dish, and it had way too much going on.  Although I ate all the seafood (cause I didn't want to waste it), I could have TOTALLY lived without this.  There was nothing special going on.  The red sauce was spicy and not strong enough for all the huge flavors going on in the dish.After the big champagne incident (which happened before we even got our bread basket at the start of the meal), and AFTER we moved tables, my boyfriend and I thought that at the VERY least we thought the restaurant would comp some of our dishes or at least offer to pay for the expensive dry cleaning bill.  But there was never further acknowledgment of the huge mess of a meal that was made.  We will NEVER be going back there and we will NEVER EVER recommend this place to any of our friends.I can't believe that the restaurant could possibly charge food at the prices that it did and treat its customers like crap.  DO NOT GO HERE.  TERRIBLE SERVICE.  OVERPRICED FOOD.go to another one of Mandalay Bay's fine restaurants and skip this one.  TRUST.
2	Recently went to RM Seafood for lunch. I wanted to check out this place ever since Rick Moonen appeared on Top Chef Master.  We ordered a few items from the raw bar and two fish dishes.  The raw oysters and scallops tasted good.  The swordfish and halibut were less than satisfactory.  I thought the halibut could use a little more seasoning.  Another disappointment was how much they charged for the soda.  I would say almost double the price of most other places.   In addition, I thought it was weird they used nigiri as a placeholder for soda on the bill.  Not likely to come back.
3	This is a review from someone who did not know what to expect from Rick Moonen Seafood.  I had heard of Rick Moonen the night before going to his restaurant from a Top Chef fan.  She was a big Rick Moonen fan.  Little did I know then, so is Rick Moonen.For being a fresh seafood restaurant located in a smoke filled Vegas casino, it doesn't feel like a fresh seafood restaurant located in a smoke filled Vegas casino.  That was nice.  Thanks Rick Moonen.  I ordered off of the prix fixe menu (55$) and went with the Rick Moonen Style "Cioppino" as the main course.My date ordered the Ebi-Go Roll.  She was not too impressed.  Thinking that her hopes were high because she was a big Rick Moonen fan, I tried her sushi and was also not pleased.  It looked spicy as described on the menu but didn't have much of a kick.  She should have ordered something that said Rick Moonen in front of it because the Cioppino was excellent and recommended as a fan of seafood.  We tried the Ahi Tuna Duo for an appetizer that was so-so and the Key Lime pie for desert which was meh (both off the prix fixe menu).  Probably wouldn't go for those a second time.The venue is great, set back slightly from the Mandalay Bay casino floor just to give you enough of a reminder that you are still in Vegas.  We ate downstairs which is perfect for a casual date and not too loud. Rick Moonen apparently knows seafood and the accolades donning every inch of the walls suggest that Rick Moonen is fully aware that he knows seafood.  But for a first visit the food seemed to be hit or miss.  I recommend something that says Rick Moonen in front of it which by my count were about 13 items.  Or just get the mac and cheese, you can't really mess that up.
4	I went to Rm for the second time a few weeks ago. It was a 4 star meal the first time I went and probably a 3-3.5 star meal the second time.   I mean, it's not the best seafood I've ever had, but it is better than average.  Plus I am a Rick Moonen fan and I really love the fact that he uses sustainable seafood and meat. The first time I went we started with a futo-fireball sushi roll,  the ahi duo and some uni sushi.  We enjoyed them all.   The fish was fresh and the uni was really good!  For my entree I had the hawaiian walu kabob, which i really enjoyed.  The pineapple and the fish complemented each other very well. The best thing I have had there both times is the Cioppino.  It is delicious!  A big bowl of fresh seafood and fresh pasta in a tomato sauce...can't go wrong there! I would go back just for the Cioppino!  The second time, we  started off with an oyster sampler.  They were fresh and tasty.  We also had a tuna appetizer off of the sushi menu.  (can't remember what it was called.)  For my entree, i ordered the scallops which was probably my least favorite dish I've ever had there.  It just didn't look appetizing and it didn't taste that great either!  It came with this pancake looking fried thing on top that had no flavor and the scallops were just whatever to me.  The first time we went the service was great!  Our server was very knowledgeable and had some great suggestions for us.  The second time, the server didn't even check us after we got our food.  Maybe we will go back a third time for the Cioppino!
4	we were excited to eat here and had a good time.  we loved the energy of the dining room and that helped us get hyped up for the food.  we decided to eat in downstairs area but was still able to try out a tasting menu.  the nice part was that the kitchen was able to accommodate a veggie tasting menu for my wife.it's been a while since our dinner here so i don't remember the course by course breakdown but i do remember some specific dishes.  she had a fuji apple salad that was nice, light and refreshing.  she also had a pasta dish and a free-range chicken dish.  each dish was large for a tasting menu but if you're hungry then it's to your advantage.  the pasta dish was good from what we remember, unfortunately we don't remember the exact contents.  the chicken dish had good flavor but was a bit dry.  i remember having the clam chowder, the diver scallop and the halibut.  the soup was spot on in texture and flavor.  the scallop was perfect and the accompanying crispy noodles added nice texture.  the halibut was tasty but a bit overcooked.i remember that we had a lot of desserts too.  we got a tasting of fresh sorbets, the stand out being the pear.  i also got the fat elvis which was a banana/peanut butter spring rolls.  this was nice and decadent at the same time.we got to meet chef rick moonen too and he was just a pleasure to talk to.  completely down to earth too.  he was working the dining room and talking it up w/ everyone.great dining room, good food and good service.  fine spot to hit up in vegas!
2	So sad. I had high hopes and was very let down.I normally write detailed long reviews but I will simply say --- skip this place. The price is ridiculous for what you get.I ordered 2 recommended sushi rolls (sign in front said this place was voted best sushi in Vegas) and the Top Chef Master shirmp corn dog which is supposedly famous. All 3 items were very boring, and felt like a $15 meal, not a $40+ one. I never skip dessert but did since I figured it would be more of the same --- silly price for mediocre stuff.Avoid. Period. Go to Mix nearby instead.
5	There's nothing like having a restaurant all to yourself when you're having a late afternoon lunch.  This was the case for me at RM Seafood.I decided to try their Maine Lobster Rolls ($27).  However, before I tackled the Rolls, my waiter sold me on ordering the Clam Chowder ($9) since he fought hard to convince me that it would be the best Clam Chowder I ever had.  I accepted his challenge and I have to admit that it was a really good Clam Chowder (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=3OoXr0KUlG4Slx4uWi9eQg).  Not sure if it's the best I've ever had, but it was in a class on it's own.  Very creamy, not too thick, and loaded with clams and potatoes.  It was great!!When my waiter served me the Maine Lobster Rolls, I was presented with 1/2 lb of Lobster goodness in two rolls with fresh Potato Chips (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=VaRJ5oCw7YGUBbkNL5niYw).  They were very meaty and flavorful.  They may not be as good as the Lobster Roll from Sam's Chowdermobile, but I still enjoyed every bite.What's nice about having a restaurant to yourself is all the attention you get from the wait staff.  I didn't have to wait long for my food and my waiter was always available to refill my drinks and checked on me in a timely manner.  And what made this lunch even better was taking $10 off with my restaurant.com coupon.Another stellar experience at RM Seafood!!
4	Rick Moonen happened to walk into the restaurant when we were finishing up our lunch. We shook his hand, told him we were fans and snapped a picture with him.  He is all smiles...very nice man. We wre very pleasantly surprised how good our lunch was. We didn't expect much, honestly, but came away fans.The four of us all started with a bowl of clam chowder and we all wanted more. It was really delicious. Not too much BS like potatos or other filler ingredients. The clams were tender, not chewy. The bacon added smoky-ness and texture. We then shared steamed clams which was delicious. There were only two pieces of long croutons so we almost had to fight each other for them. But the garlic toast was perfect with the steamed clams. If would have been five stars if they only served bread - for dipping in steamed clams sauce...but we were told by our waiter that they don't serve bread at lunch.Next, our entrees arrive...the fish tacos were delicious. My mom ate every bite with a smile. My aunt enjoyed her grilled fish while my husband equally loved his fish sandwich. The fries were pretty good too.  I really enjoyed my lump crab cake and crunch roll. Next time we're back in Vegas, we'll try the upstairs restaurant for dinner.
1	Bad service and mediocre food marked our dinning experience. aAfter waiting one and a half hours, we left without our meal and wound up eating elsewhere.
1	Absolutely horrible! The food is mediocre at best but way overpriced. The management was horrible. Had to wait after checking in with our reservation. Then the waiter was rude and awful. Messed up our order then brought a rushed replacement to only have a second one come 5 minutes later with the actual presentation and plating that it was meant to have. How insulting! After complaining to one manager and getting blown off we had to wait 20 minutes to talk to the general manager who then argued with us about why the poorly plated version was delivered. The entire evening was so disappointing and insulting we will most definitely never go back nor recommend it to anyone. Take your money elsewhere you'll be glad you did!as far as the food goes, it was less than amazing. The cod had half a piece of bok choy and a tiny piece of pineapple the sauce had hardly any flavor. The scallops were small and nothing amazing. The steak tartar was fine though it would have been nice to know they came with french fries so we didn't order mashed potatoes as well. The alaskan king crab was fine, but overall none of the food was worth what they were asking.
1	I am a foodie (and a Top Chef Fan), so when I ran across an online offer for a prefix four course meal and a great price for RM Seafood, I made a reservation for myself and three of my colleagues.  When I made the reservation, I wasn't made aware that their were two dinning rooms (I hadn't mentioned that we would be using a special offer either) which would have been nice.I called to confirm the reservations weeks before and was told they had no record of it.  They reset the reservation and even called me the day before to confirm it.  When our party arrived, I was told "We show no reservation for you".  Huhhh?  We were then shoved into the back corner near the bar across from a drunken group of conventioneers. Lovely.Once the server appeared, we gave her the dinning vouchers and with a roll of her eyes she said "let me get you your SPECIAL menus".  The offerings were only a step above the kids menu at Denny's.  Had the vouchers not been prepaid, we would have passed entirely.The manager, Paul came over and aggressively explained how he had been snookered into this "coupon thing" that was to have been offered to locals only.  He offered no solutions to our concerns. We were stuck and tried to make the best of it.The amuse, was not amusing. I am still not sure what it was, as it was the smallest taste I have ever seen.  Like they split one amuse into four micro-units.We decided to order regular menu appetizers of crab cakes, ahi tuna tartar and fried calamari, which arrived a full 30 minutes after being ordered. Each were unexceptional in taste and presentation.  The only thing memorable for each of these dishes was their large price tag.For the second course were had wedge salads were a fair attempt, though the apple walnut salad that I received had an unpleasant brown hue.Three of us ordered the Cioppino that was offered for the third course.  It was horrible!  The shrimp was over cooked and the mussels could have passed for those plastic sushi bar models. Two sorry bread sticks straddled the bowl hoping not to fall in.  Needless to say - dishes were barely touched. One colleague ordered the Artic Char, which she said was tasty.  Lucky girl.The dessert was an ice cream tasting game.  Which could have been a great deal of fun, had we not been so disappointed with everything else at that point.We were shocked and dumbfounded when we received the bill (baring in mind the the four courses had been prepaid) at the cost of four cocktails, a bottle of so-so wine, appetizers and a hefty gratuity which was added on.  $ 480.00 additional!So, in summary: Bad front desk, bad management, terrible ambiance, slow service (7:00 pm reservation, left at 10:45!), iffy to horrible food, astro-prices!RICK, GET A GRIP ON THIS PLACE THAT BARES YOUR NAME!
3	Tastes and presentation are not lacking. Hostess with 2 braincells is. Why she sat a couple like us on a date next to 3 drunk businessmen, in an empty restaurant baffled me. Lesson learned, speak up if your hostess is stoopid. The servers are eager to push you to drink, drink, and drink some more. I can only imagine this is to help you tip with a generous and faded spirit.It's a shame the service doesn't mesure up to the menu.
4	I hate that I read HORRIBLE reviews about this place..............my experience was nothing short of FANTASTIC! My husband and I were invited by a friend to join him at RM's to use a comp that he was given.  We made a reservation for 8:30 and were promptly seated before our scheduled time (BONUS POINTS)!!!There was nothing that was set on the table that we didn't enjoy, and in some cases, LOVE!~Steak Tartare~"Moon" Doggies~Clam Chowder~Scallops~Ribeye~Mac 'n' Cheese~Sashimi~Spicy Tuna Roll~Double Down Roll~Futo-Fireball Roll~"Fat Elvis"~Chocolate cake.......~I'm probably missing a few items, these were the highlights! The food was freakin' AMAZING.........but I am going to say minus 1 stars for the service; our server was a bit strange!We walked away FAT and oh so HAPPY!  (sigh)Oh how I LOVE fabulous food memories!
4	This was such a great meal in Las Vegas! The dessert was the best.My girlfriends and I purchased a travelzoo deal for a four course dinner and champagne for $89/couple. We made reservations ahead of time and were seated soon after we arrived. Each of us had a glass of champagne, and our meal started off with a salmon appetizer, followed by a choice of apple walnut salad or clam chowder, and both were delicious and filling. They also gave us biscuits and cornbread at the table. Our main course was cioppino, which was huge and full of shrimp, mussels, fish, and prawns. It also had large pieces of pasta, which we didn't eat as there was way too much food.Now to the best part: for dessert, we had an ice cream mystery game. 16 mystery flavors in an array of colors and smells were presented to us in small scoops, along with a blank answer sheet. The flavors varied from delicious nutella, mai tai, and pistachio to gawd-awful sriracha sauce (yes, the Asian cock sauce-- which deceivingly looked like mango), celery (I TOTALLY thought it was going to be lime and was DISASTROUSLY wrong), and tomato (I initially thought it was rotten sorbet). It was fun and we all had a blast playing the game. We left full, barely buzzed, and excited for the rest of the evening. A great dining experience!
4	4 1/2 starsthey have a upstairs more fancy dining with a prie fix menu and a casual dining down stairs, which i did.the place was packed at 6pm. perfect time to eat and catch the lion king show after wards because it's right next to each other.i always wanted to try this place b/c of Top Chep Masters. This place did not disappoint. $70 for a small raw seafood platter-sooo fresh with oysters, clams (didn't like it) lobster, and shrimp. i could just keep eating it.the calm chowder is very different from all the others i tried. lots of flavor and not too thick.the beef tartar-the best i ever had...just melts in ur mouth and so fresh...only werid thing it came with a side of friesthe scallops with eggplant-one of the best scallops i ever had also. i don't like egg plant, but it went well with the scallops.the fillet with foie gras was just heaven.i wish i got to meet Rick Moonen, but his food will have to do for now.
5	It's official, we love RM Seafood.  We came here on our last night in Vegas in hopes of salvaging our Vegas-foodie loving adventures and it was amazing!  You could say we weren't expecting much after having dined at Craftsteak and being pretty disappointed.  However, every dish we had here exceeded our expectations.Appetizers - Bibb lettuce salad, oysters on the half shell, and the famous Moon doggies.  The salad was light and refreshing with the right amount of vinaigrette.  The oysters were fresh and tasty (a nice recommendation from our waitress).  The Moon doggies were really good.  Light batter around with a very tasty filling.  I'm not usually a corn dog fan, but I'd eat these everyday if I could.Main entree - I had the Lobster Bolognese and my husband had the Artic Char.  The bolognese was filling with a good amount of lobster, but the Artic Char was by far our favorite.  Nice flavor with crispy potatoes on the side...yummy!Dessert - We shared the Key Lime Pie.  It was heaven!  I don't know how someone comes up with a cilantro syrup to accompany a key lime pie, but thank you for being a genius!  It was sublime.  For once my husband had to let me eat my half of the dessert.  Needless to say, he wasn't very happy to share. :)Overall, Rick Moonen knows how to get the job done and I really liked that he was in the restaurant schmoozing with guests.  Shows that he really keeps an eye out for the quality of his food.  Loved, loved, loved it!
1	Good food, but sneaky waiter. The food was pretty good, but the service left a bad taste in my mouth. We ordered an appetizer, side, and two entrees. After ordering our entrees, the waiter asked these three words, "Soup or Salad?" The question seemed to imply that either would be included with the entree. We smiled and both chose soup and were greeted at the night's end with a charge of two bowls of soup. Wonderful.  Upon receiving the bill, I asked the waiter, who we will call 'Trey', why we were charged for the soups. He said, that he asked Soup or Salad for our benefit, because it's his job as the server to make it easier for us to decide. Hmm...since when did this place begin employing used car salesmen? Sorry Trey, but I had to stiff you on the tip, because of what you did.I guess we should've smelled something 'fishy' when we first arrived. Our original plan was to dine in the top floor at the 'fine dining' portion of the restaurant and order two 5 course prix-fixe for $95 each, which is currently advertised on RM Seafood's website. When we arrived and were given menus, the lowest priced option was a 3-course for $115. The waiter said that, it was probably an outdated special from when they first opened. False advertising....   Please watch out for hidden fees, cause these people are sneaky. The water is $5. Just from sitting in the 'fine dining' section for a few minutes, we could tell that the place was extremely old fashioned, stodgy, and cold.
2	I for one never like to bother with coupon deals; however, my sister had gotten us this 'Price fixed' menu deal through TravelZoo.  Travelzoo said it was normally worth $169 for two ppl and we would be getting it for $89.00 for two. So it made us think we were getting it like half off.  Upon entering the restaurant we noticed they were offering the same "Price fixed' menu for $55 a person. It just didn't include champagne.  The food was pretty good. I had a salad and the chicken entree.  It was ...just okay. The desert was 16 different kinds of sorbet. All house made. You had to see if you could guess what each were made of.  I think I got just one correct.  I think  the biggest deal breaker was the way they handled the bill.  It just had so much tricky accounting on there it made it hard to understand what they were doing.  It wasn't until after we left the restaurant we started to analyze it a bit more and  realized they ultimately charged us way more on the food and the gratuity.   I think they figured it out in the end at $189.00 rather than the $169 TravelZoo quoted.  We would have been better off just going with the $55 advertised at the front of the restaurant. They  charged tax and gratuity on the $189 a couple and added gratuity twice on the side items we ordered. We should have stuck to the regular menu; it would have been half the cost.   In the end, I think I'll stay away from there next time. It's not worth it.
1	WORST dining experience I can remember in years.Food was okay, service was slow.  You could tell the wait staff was embarrassed.  They apologized, offered  free drinks, yet were so slow, never delivered on the promise.  We did the tasting menu, and I did not like one dish, took one bite and pushed away (Pork Belly, I am usually a fan).  Wait staff was so behind, my full plate was not even questioned. I would have understood a bad night, but the fact that Rick Moonens was in the dining room enjoying drinks with friends while his staff struggled really left a 'bad taste in my mouth.'  Poor showing.
1	Never got to even try the food as service was horrible from the start.  This is the first time I ever walked out of a restaurant, as hostess stand wouldn't seat us despite our reservation and refused to seat us in the many open tables in the lounge.  I hate hate rating a restaurant solely on service but this one is well deserved
3	We chose RM for a special Valentine's Day celebration & were very disappointed. Instead of talking about sweet nothings after dinner we spent an hour talking about how bad it the experience was. The waiter did not mention the price of the surf & surf & we were SURPRISED to be charged $140, $85 yes but $140 NO! The waiter barely spoke to us except to complain about his allergies. Was not seeted until 30 minutes after our reservation. Our bill was $360 but the experience was not worth more than $100. We definitely will NOT be returning.Later edit-the managment cares enough to make up for the bad night. I WILL be back to give them another try!
5	Top 5 lifetime (so far)!  The combination of food quality, originality, service, and price made this experience a foodie must.  I am a well traveled (jaded) food and hotel snob...the experience was artful, unique and I am still telling friends about it weeks later.  Seriously, don't miss this if you're in Vegas.  We bought cheap bottles of wine ($65ea. and good) because we were traveling with family of lesser means.  The prix fix was a bargain at $65.  I still can't believe I got an award eligible dining experience for only $150 per person.
3	My husband and I went to this restaurant because we had a $100 gift certificate so we decided to go for lunch because we heard it was expensive.  We had the oyster sampler which was an assortment of six different types of oysters which was really fresh and very good.  Then we both had the clam chowder which I thought was okay but nothing special.  I had the lobster roll which was lobster salad made from the meat of the claws and other lobster extremeties on a roll.  It was okay, but I wouldn't order it again.  My husband had the fish and chips which was really good.  The batter on the fish was so light, I wonder how they made it.  All in all, it was a good meal but the price for all this was an outrageous $97 and that's not including the tip.  We would never go back because it's not worth it but if you have money to blow, it's a good restaurant to try at least once.
4	Great service and really good food. Good selection of drinks at the bar. I would go back 10 times just to eat the Moonen Doggies. They are awesome. Super friendly bar staff & servers. I would eat here again anytime.
1	I purchased a $89 voucher on Travelzoo for RM Seafood.  The details were that it came with 4 course dinner for 2, 2 chef's tasters, 2 soups or salads, 2 entrees, 1 shared dessert and 2 glasses of champagne.  I just wanted to start off by saying that this was not a DEAL.  We ended up paying $57.45 for tax + gratuity (we only had 4 people in our party since when did 4 people count as a larger party with gratuity included?).  This meant that we all ended up paying $73.23 for dinner.  By the way, they even charged us for still water.  First and foremost, the one big negative about this spot is that you can't even find it.  It's totally hidden without any clear signs.  You don't even see signs leading you to the restaurant at Mandalay Bay.  I ordered the Rick's White Clam Chowder ($12).  It was probably the best dish of the night.  It was very flavorful and enjoyable.  I ordered the RM Style "Cioppino" ($36) as my main dish.  I don't normally eat my pasta too soft but this dish the pasta wasn't even cooked yet as it was tough to bite into.  The dish was big and it could have probably fed 2 people vs. 1.  The seafood in it was okay, I liked the shrimp in it the most.  For dessert, we shared the Rick's Tasting Game ($18) which has 16 scoops of ice cream that you had to taste and write down your guess on the flavor.  It came with your classic like Vanilla but also had things like onion, mole, etc.  It was a fun game.  If we each individually ordered the particular courses, it would have cost us $57/person not including tax and tip.  Therefore, this definitely was not a good offer.  When we saw the bill, we of course questioned it but of course they won as they said the tax was off of the $168 (original price of the meal) and the gratuity was over 20%.  I definitely did not leave the restaurant very happy.  I felt like I paid a lot of money for very mediocre food.  I definitely would not go back to this spot.  If you're going to spend this kind of money, you might as well check out a better restaurant on the strip.  Last but not least, they didn't even give us our complementary champagne until we had asked for it at the end because we pulled up the offer on our email.
1	Worst ever! I too fell victim to the Travelzoo scam, pre- paying nearly $90 for a "four course" meal for two. When we arrived at what looked like a strip mall type set up we were not allowed to sit inside, but told the Travelzoo specials are seated out here. Even though there were many empty tables inside, we were seated in a sectioned off area in the mall walkway at a table so small it could barely handle one diner, let alone two. Now, after being seated we were greeted by our Server, who explained that the four courses would not be enough and proceeded a heavy upsell campaign that resulted in our agreeing to a crabcake order. Yikes, I've been to timeshare presentations that were less pressured! Now on to the food...our first "course" was a teaspoon size tidbit of something pretty ok but so small I'd hardly call it a course. We were told it was intended to cleanse our pallet. This was followed by clam chowder for my husband and fugi apple salad for me. While the flavors in the chowder were good the potatoes were undercooked so the hard little lumps throughout ruined it. My salad consisted of four paper thin slices of apple topped with a slaw type salad mix. Again tasted ok, but so small I'd hardly call it a course. The crabcake was very good, but there was only one and it was $17. Somewhere in there we ordered a beer and a glass of wine to go along with our tap water. Didn't see much of our Server after the upsell speech but the Runner had us help him move our dirty dishes with each delivery...hardley a four star dinning experience to say the least. Now for the main course. I had the chopino and my husband had the salmon. Mine was ok, but not great and the salmon arrived nearly raw so my husband asked to have it cooked a bit more. Then, the front of the house Manager came by and mocked him for not appreciating "sushi". I can not tell you how rude these people are. And then we end with our last "course" which was desert for two and consisted of 16 tablespoon sized scoops of ice cream that we were to taste and guess the flavor. While I don't call this a course or a desert, it could have been fun but the bacon and wasabi flavors left us with such a bad taste I wondered why they started with a pallet cleanse in the first place. Now if you're still with me I'll get to the finally. The bad Server in the bad location with the bad food brought us our bill. After pre-paying $90 for our dinner he presented us with a bill for just under $120!!! This covered one beer, one glass of riesling wine, one crabcake, tap water, and ...get this, tax and a $50 tip! The service was bad, the ambiance was worse and the food was only ok...so why the big price tag? If you're looking for a nice place to have seafood in Las Vegas, go somewhere else.
1	Words cannot describe how disappointed I was in this meal. Every possible thing went wrong. We had ten people for a late reservation. The restaurant wasn't busy,and I had high hopes for a good meal. Sadly, there were major and minor problems. I will only outline he major ones below:First: we were seated late, despite our reservation. We ordered thirty minutes after being seated, another issue in my mind.Second: our drinks took another 20 minutes and we never received bread or anything else to hold us over while waiting.Third: our sides never arrived, four of our ten entrees were incorrect, and the sashimi portions were ridiculously small, even for Las Vegas. Plus, the scallops were overbooked. This took two full hours from seating to delivery of our entrees. I really wanted to like this restaurant. I even made a reservation late and waited all day to eat. But I can unequivocally say DO NOT EAT HERE unless you want to be sorely disappointed.
2	The food was pretty tasty...and I highly suggest the ice cream tasting - a very unique and fun experience.  But the ambiance of the downstairs patio type area left a lot to be desired... (I was facing escalators & the casino while my boyfriend faced bare black doors).... I think when you are paying $200 for a meal for two you need to bring a phenomenal meal and experience, this fell short.
3	We ate in the downstairs "casual" section where a three course dinner is the standard and entrees run you ~$35.  I ordered the clam chowder to start followed by the arctic char entree.  I told the waiter I didn't want bacon (as listed on the menu) on my arctic char which should have been a clue to him that I don't eat pork.  I have now come to find out that the clam chowder had bacon in it which was not listed as an ingredient on the menu.  The chowder had undercooked hard pieces of potato and chewy clams so I was not impressed.  The arctic char with Brussels sprouts was delicious.  The fish was cooked properly and I gobbled up the whole entree.  For dessert my husband and I had the ice cream tasting game, which was really fun.  Trying the mole ice cream was an unexpected and hilarious surprise.  I would dine here again for the entree only.  However, if you are looking for fish I would go to American Fish by Michael Mina at the Aria hotel.  Everything about that restaurant surpasses RM Seafood.
5	My husband and I were running a little bit late for our Lion King show and decided to try to pop in to the bar area of RM for some crab cakes and Prosecco. Arriving without reservations and in a hurry, we were greeted warmly and seated immediately.  The hostess sent our waiter right over, and within in three minutes we had ordered drinks and food without ever opening a menu!We started with a Prosecco by the glass, which was delicious and ice cold.  Then came Caesar Salad.  It was presented "whole leaf" style, with some shaved aged parmesan on top.  The dressing was perfect, obviously freshly made with just the right mix of tangy garlicky tinge of anchovy good-ness.  Not too much dressing and amazing chewy garlic breadsticks for croutons.  MMMMM! (As a side note, we had Caesar Salad at Craftsteak the night before that couldn't hold a candle to the RM version!)Next came the lump crab cake with jicama slaw and an order California Rolls from the happy hour special menu.  Both were excellent.  Although crab cakes are not a very difficult or exotic menu item, we have had some REALLY bad ones in Vegas, even in "good" restaurants.  The crab was moist, fresh tasting, and plentiful. The flavor was classic, but the chili sauce underneath was spicy and gave it a little kick that blended great with the crunchy sweetness of the jicama. Could have been a little hotter in the middle, but overall we loved it.  The California Rolls were some of the best we've had, with lots of crab and the best tasting avocado.  Again, not very exotic but obviously top notch.  With our Prosecco glasses kept full and a basket of warm cornbread and biscuits with whipped butter we were very very happy! Somewhere in the middle of our meal, we decided to change to Vodka Gimlets.  This drink was hands down the best mixed drink we have had in Vegas!  If you enjoy hand-crafted fresh cocktails, don't miss this bar!  Our waiter told us the bartender placed high in some huge contest, but we were so into our food and drinks I can't quite remember what the contest was....but his drinks were phenomenal, that I can attest to!The last thing we tried at RM was the toasted marshmallow chocolate pudding.  My husband was dubious, but I am a sucker for marshmallows and had to try it. We both love it!  Creamy pudding, handmade toasted marshmallow cubes, chewy brownie bites, and crunchy nuts....it was comfort food upleveled to greatness.  Try it!Overall, we just can't understand all the petty reviews of this place. Every staff member we spoke with was friendly, happy, helpful, and kinda cool.  We were given perfect service, amazing food, stellar drinks, and a beautiful atmosphere.  All of this and getting it to us FAST too!  As I mentioned earlier, we tried Tom Collichio's Craftsteak the night before.  NOT good.  Not even close to RM for service, quality of food, or ambiance.  If you are looking for a bargain, RM isn't the place for you.  In fact, Vegas probably isn't the place for you. But this restaurant is one we will return to for sure!  Thanks Rick....You rocked it with this one!
3	I hate to say it but I was slightly disappointed in this place after seeing them highlighted on the travel channel.  I got the artic char and I thought it was slightly over-cooked - I've had it at other places like Seablue at the MGM grand and it is slightly raw in the middle and melts in your mouth.  At RM, it was cooked all the way through.  I also got a Futo fireball roll as an appetizer and I thought that was delicious.Service was excellent and I used at 33% off coupon from one of the Tix4Less distributors on the strip.
4	Headline: Loud, Expensive, but GoodAfter my mediocre experience at the other Top Chef Masters restaurant in Mandalay Bay, we decided to go to another one - this one run by celebrity chef Rick Moonen.  Right next to the Mandalay Place shopping center (and connector between the Luxor and Mandalay Bay), this place was hopping.  A sophisticated look belies the bedlam of noice both inside and outside the restaurant.Let's get pricing out of the way first.  I've ceased to be shocked by the pricing in Mandalay Bay.  It's overpriced.  Expect to drop over $100 per person - more if alcohol is involved.  However, price is not a determiner of quality, as I've discovered many times.  We started with a three-tier seafood sampler - this thing cost $250 for the table, but for that you will get a whole lobster, a whole dungeness crab, several large shrimp, mussels, oysters and clams on the half-shell.  All of it was good.  It is accompanied by a spicy butter draw, a spicy cocktail sauce and freshly ground horseradish.Wine was very much in evidence, and the place has a full bar.  The wine list is good (if over-priced) and there is wine by the glass.  I'd recommend the Gruner Vietliner to start.Our starters included the bacon wedge salad - a big ball of iceberg lettuce topped with bacon, a most excellent claim chowder that was rich, definitely creamy with potatoes and bacon, and a ceasar salad.My entree was the free range chicken, sat atop some wilted spinach on top of a pool of cheesy grits.  I don't normally like grits, but these were delicious.  Around the table, the seafood (diver scallops and grilled shrimp dishes) were hits, but the cioppino - while delicious - had pasta in it (so not technically a cioppino), and the ribeye steak was not done correctly.  My companion didn't even get asked how it was to be prepared, which is unsual in such a place.  I'd avoid the steak.For the table, we ordered the cheesy cauliflower gratin - not really a gratin, unless you consider anything floating in a creamy cheesy sauce a gratin.  We also ordered the fries.  The fries were eaten and the gratin not so much, which tells you everything you need to know.  Everything is a la carte, with the sides easily feeding a small family.Overall, an excellent meal, made better by good company.  Avoid the steak, do the seafood, and you cannot go wrong.
4	If I could, I guess I would go with 4 1/2 stars? I came to Vegas for my best friend and my birthday.  We wanted to go to a nice restaurant and ultimately selected RM Seafood.First, 3 out of 4 of us are Top Chef fans and were excited to meet Rick Moonen and chat with him.  He's a very nice man and we talked about the food.  He spent a lot of time on the floor...only thing about that that concerns me is that I know he's a celebrity chef and all, but I hope he had a hand in the food that night.Two of us did the prix fixe and two of us didn't.  We ate:Appetizers:-California roll with real crab (mine)-Steak tartare with fries-Ahi Tuna two waysMy california roll was better than a typical california roll (with fake crab), but none the less it was a ...california roll. The steak tartare looked excellent and I was told that and the tuna both were.Main course:-Lemon-butter scallops and shrimp with capers-Halibut with basil sauce-Cioppino (mine)All three were delicious!  The halibut was the best...love the clean flavors...the green.  Scallops were seared to perfection.  The cioppino was the weakest of a very strong pool.Dessert:-16 flavor ice cream challenge-Key lime pieWe were so full by the time we got to dessert, but hey, how many more times am I going to come?  We had to do the ice cream challenge! We got about 10 correct.  According to the waiter, the average correct is 8.  This was more about the experience as some of the ice cream flavors were truly disgusting.  haha.  We had a great time though.The waiter also brought out a little candle with the ice cream for our birthdays! (They didn't sing, which I wouldn't expect or want in a joint like this so it was just right. :) )I'm not usually a key lime pie fan, but this one was probably the best key lime pie I've ever had.  The bill wasn't as unreasonable as some of the other restaurants in Vegas (we also didn't drink though).All in all, it was a great experience and perfect low-key moment to a crazed Vegas trip.  I would recommend this restaurant to a seafood loving fan looking for a good, not-outrageously priced but still nice meal for their Las Vegas trip.
1	Three of us made reservations to dine here at 8:00 one night. We arrived a few minutes early, but weren't seated til 8:45. Usually I don't really care about this--restaurants get busy, people stay longer than expected, etc. But when your bill for three ends up being well over $375, I expect some one to at least explain why were waiting and when we how much longer to be seated. But, we got nothing, not even a passing apology by the hosts.By the time we got our food it was 9:30 and we were all starving. Out of all our dishes I thought the only one worth ordering was the Ciopinno. I went back a second time for a late lunch, and again was seriously disappointed by both food and service. They really have a knack at hiring unfriendly hostess!The food = ehhh. The service = no. The price = very high. Will I ever go back = nope.Passing thought: My friend told me she's tempted to create a Yelp account just so she can write a bad review.
3	Overall I was impressed by how the flavors in the food complemented one another without any being over-powering.  The clam chowder is very good, and the cauliflower gratin is superb.  I was disappointed with the lobster bolognese; it was a bit bland.
3	Came here for lunch on my last day in Las Vegas...which was today actually...The upstairs is closed on Mondays for dinner, but the cheaper restaurant downstairs is still open.My boyfriend is a huge fan of seafood so when he heard that the Mandalay Bay was home to the best seafood restaurant in Vegas, we had to try it. I started with 6 pieces of white shrimp cocktail from the raw bar and it was one of the freshest tasting shrimp cocktails I've had. Shrimp cocktails are very important to me, especially in Las Vegas, where the thing was invented (bet you didn't know that, huh?). My boyfriend ordered the lobster rolls which is basically a chunky fresh lobster salad in a simple, buttered, toasted, soft roll. It came with a pickle and some chips and it was very freaking tasty.Me being a purist, I decided to order Rick's Famous Fish and Chips. Whenever I go to a knew restaurant with a distinguished celebrity chef, and he's got his name on a menu item along with the word "famous" you bet your ass I'm going to order that no matter how plain and simple it sounds. I was torn between that and the mac n cheese, but I felt it would be sacrilegious to come to the best seafood restaurant in town and not order seafood.The food came, I loved the shrimp cocktail and my boyfriend's lobster rolls, but Rick's "famous" fish and chips were too salty for me to eat. It was more the fish was too salty and not the batter. But it was also too greasy. I knew Rick Moonen hadn't been the one to have made it because just a few moments I had sent it back, he came and sat down at a table next to our's and started chatting with another couple. It was then that I found out his son works for him inside the restaurant and was also the person nice enough to take off the fish and chips off our tab and bring me something else (I ordered the lobster rolls, which costs a bit more than the fish and chips, so I'm sure he had no problem changing our tab).All in all, the service was nice, but for a place that is supposed to specialize in seafood, I felt that the lunch menu at RM seafood (downstairs) wasn't very inspiring- like there wasn't anything on it that caught my eye or enticed me to try something different (although one of the lunch specials that day was a $45 burger that had a lobster tail stacked on top of it). I would definitely recommend anything from the raw bar and the lobster rolls. They also do sushi here, which is something I want to try next time. Maybe if you are lucky, you'll be able to see and meet Rick himself.
1	We had great food, and inexcusable service. We had a reservation for 2 couples. We ordered salads and a sushi appetizer, and 2 bottles of white wine. Neither bottle was ever put on ice, nor was it offered. The ladies had sushi, and were given small bowls for soy sauce. However, after the sushi was delivered we had to ask for the soy sauce. We had to ask to have water glasses refilled. We then listened as the server berated the assistant for not filling our water glasses right in the middle of the dining room. When ordering, our server told us about a special for the evening...a surf and surf. We asked about the price and were told it was $70. Most things on the menu are $35-$40, so this was not completely out of line. The ladies ordered one to split, and the server suggested we get 2 'small' ones so that the order came in seperate bowls, and it was half the price each. Each of the guys ordered their own. The food was good, but when the bill arrived it showed $70 EACH for the 'small' orders of the special, and $140 each for the regular. Not only were we pissed at being lied to, but the food was not anywhere near worth that much. The server protested and we asked to speak to a manager. The manager took quite a while to come over and then said he was sorry that 'you misunderstood' the server. He changed the bill, but only changed the price on the two full orders from $140 to $70, leaving the 2 small orders still at $70. For $35, he ensured we would never ever return and bought himself this review.
2	I thought Rick Moonen was supposed to be some sort of seafood master.  There were only 3 fish dishes on the menu!  Sure, a lot of raw bar crap that doesn't require cooking, but the dude is supposed to be a celebrity chef.  Is he good at conceiving dishes (I'm sure he's not cooking here) or good at finding a supplier that will get him the freshest fish?  Very disappointed - mostly because expectations were so high.  I got the arctic char, which was swimming in creme fraiche.  It was prepared well enough, but was neither good nor bad.  I ate it, and it fueled me adequately for the rest of the night.  But did I enjoy it?  Not really, and the meal cost over $100 a head when all was said and done.  I eat out a LOT, and have been to a lot of great restaurants - some with notable chefs and other without.  After going to RM, I've now been able to try both Top Chef Masters (Bayless is from my home town of Chicago) and am thoroughly unimpressed by what they have to offer.  Have they both sold out, or are they just overrated?  Overrated is for sure.
4	NOTE, this review is for UP dinner. A good thing about this restaurant is you can choose down dinner or up dinner, down dinner is casual, and inexpensive, up dinner is dressy and expensive.We made a reservation a couple hours before our reservation, we stayed at THE hotel. Got there, downstairs was packed, host thought we were tourists who didn't speak English, she was very friendly to us, asked if we wanted to eat here with a hand pose showing ''eating'', that was so funny :) bf said we had a reservation upstairs, then she took us to our table.Food: 5Service: 5Decor: 5Ambience: 5Total bill for 4 people with 4 alcohol beverages: $415we went  upstairs, the entire dining section  was so classic and beautiful. there weren't so many ppl, only a few tables ppl were having dinners, and they were older. We got a very cozy and comfy booth, more private too, perfect for our double dinner date evening. While waiting for our friends, I ordered dry vodka martini as usual. our server was so friendly, explained everything on the menu, even where the fish came from, or veggies, that was very interesting. He helped us to order the right things from the menu, I had salad and salmon as first and second course, they tasted fantastic. my bf had scallop and roasted duck , they were the same great. our friends had halibut and some other seafood as well, everybody was happy with our dinner. we shared a little bit of everything too, cause the portions were big. one of my favorite restaurants in Mandalay bay, up dinner is so nice, great food, great service, beautiful decor, quiet and cozy atmosphere,  it is pricey, but very well worth it. :)very nice choice for a romantic, quiet, cozy and intimate dinner date. :)
4	My girlfriend and I had dinner in the downstairs, casual dining area on a busy Saturday night.  After being seated, our server came over to tell us about the specials for the evening: cracked steam crab and lobster over orzo or a classic "Surf & Turf" (lobster and filet mignon)  He also told us that they had fresh geoduck--which piqued my interest immediately.We started off with wine and one order of sashimi each: she ordered arctic char and I asked for the geoduck.  The sashimi was excellent.  The arctic char was very fresh and just melted in our mouths.  The chef made a special prep for the geoduck, serving it with thin slices of kumquat and asparagus with a soy, miso glaze.  This special dish looked beautiful and tasted briny and sweet.  Our entrees arrived.  The "Surf & Turf" was terrific (better than the last one we had at The Palm in D.C.)  I also had the branzino with spring veggie ragu and romesco.  The branzino tasted fresh, clean, and light.  Which contrasted nicely with the romesco.  I was impressed by how creamy the cippolini onions were in the veggie ragu.  We finished our meal with the "Fat Elvis:" banana, chocolate, and bacon spring roll served with an apricot sauce.  I really liked it because of the contrast of salty and sweet.  My girlfriend didn't really dig it that much.Overall, we had one of our top ten meals at RM Seafood.  If you're in Vegas and want so fresh seafood.  This is the place to go.
1	Utter disappointment! Being in the industry and hearing all of the great things about Rick Moonen's and his efforts for sustainable seafood, my husband and I were excited to try his restaurant. Upon arriving we were seated in the bar, without being asked if this was okay. If I'm paying $200 for a meal I would like to sit in the dining room, even if I have to wait. The hostess was very rude and pointed to our table and walked away. Our server approached after about 5 minutes and gave us menus and explained the specials. When we were ready to order my husband asked about the cioppino dish (a San Fran classic), the waiter really didn't explain it at all- but instead recited what was listed on the menu- we can read, we were asking about the flavors, broth, etc. As for the selection-- it is a seafood restaurant and if you don't want the sushi selections, the cooked seafood is very limited!The bread basket arrived with a buttermilk bisquit, a piece of cornbread, and whipped butter. The cornbread was great and made me excited to try the rest of this dinner. We ordered 6 oysters to start and the tuna duo, the oysters were wonderful (although we usually get these because the kitchen's can never mess up raw oysters). The tuna duo was very small, 2 teaspoons of chopped tuna and 7 or 8 small (about the size of a quarter) slices of tuna. Very, very bland and dry, maybe it was old tuna. There were no salt and pepper shakers on our table, this bothers me at every restaurant because everyones tastes are different. We asked for more bread and they said "absolutely".. guess what the bread never came and our water glasses were empty nearly the entire night. The entrees arrived the lobster bolognese for myself and cioppino for my husband... SUPRISE the cioppino has pasta in it and my bolognese has no visible lobster and is soaked in Pernod (black liquorice flavor)... now NO where on the menu did it state pasta or Pernod and when we asked our server this was not mentioned either.  The cioppino had little broth (not at all what it's supposed to be) and was SO spicy and I love hot food. Cioppino's should have a spicy tomato based broth, but not so much spice that you can't taste the shellfish... also that tomato based broth- I'm almost 100% positive was out of a can--- V8 anyone? Now what would happen if someone was gluten free and ordered the cioppino-- write it on the menu!!!! Oh, and the frozen texas toast style breadstick was the icing on the cake (the kind you get at Olive Garden-- seriously.) Grilled sourdough? No. The side of orzo my husband ordered was covered in cumin-- less spices and more salt would have been good.Onto the lobster bolognese, I will say the pasta was perfectly al dente, but with the noodles soaking in the Pernod and was desprite for seasoning, you could not tell if there was any lobster in the dish-- again write the predominate flavors on the menu. Our waiter kept asking, "Are you perfect?" I'm not one to send back food so we just politely smile... but don't ask me if I'm perfect... waiter's who can not use correct verbage, (ie "How are you enjoying everything this evening?") drive me crazy. He didn't know the menu, spent no time at the table, and was clearly not trained well. I will not be back nor will I recommend this place to anyone, very disappointing!
3	We really need some way of doing 1/2 stars... this place is more like 3.5 stars.  It's better than 'OK'... but doesn't make my 'FAN' list.Went to RM on a Monday night for our anniversary dinner.  I made reservations via OpenTable and in the comments I put that we were celebrating our anniversary.  (Thinking they'd give us a special dessert.... which was not the case.)  They did upon check in as well as all the wait staff that attended to us... wished us a Happy Anniversary... I mean everyone... the bread guy, the dessert guy, our main waiter...everyone who came to our table.  It was a nice touch.  :)The Good: (and these are the reasons I'd go back)* Pisco Hush martini... refreshing, a tad sweet, not harsh or over alcohol-ie... a very enjoyable way to start a Monday dinner* REAL, FRESH crab meat in their CA roll.... OMG!  I don't want a CA roll any other way now except with real, fresh crab meat.* Happy Hour from 5-7pm... so my drink and snack before dinner (aka CA roll) were all 1/2 price* Their fish offerings were different from the norm (I like that RM is into sustainability)... Arctic Char, Red Hake, Branzino to name a few* I enjoyed the Red Hake which I had never had before ... it was  wonderful... flaky, light, moist, not dry, not fishy smelling or tasting* The Mash Potatoes are the BOMB!  So Good!  They are creamy and smooth... topped with red onion, chives, black pepper and capers.  I was leary of the capers but they added a whole other dimension to the potatoes and counter balanced the onion flavor. (Note: I don't like onions.)  The onions were not a problem because the topping was on top (not mixed in) and the husband scraped most of it to his side and I ate less of the toppings so that I didn't have to eat too many onions.  But I did like the capers A LOT.* Really nice wine menu... extensive too... it's like a book* Great service!  David was fantastic!The NOT-So-Good: (and reasons why I probably won't have dinner here again)* It's freakin' loud in the downstairs restaurant so a romantic dinner this was not... I thought the upstairs was open and was hoping for a 'fancy romantic dinner' but the upstairs is closed on Mondays (as I learned upon check in)* The dinner specials were more like .... Business Traveler Expense Account specials... Surf and Turf (aka Filet Mignon and Lobster) or Surf and Surf (Lobster and King Crab).... I was really hoping for some sort of special fish or shellfish that they don't normally have on their menu* The side of scallops was salty... they were perfectly prepared in terms of texture, firmness and size... but they were just too salty for my palate.  (I am salt sensitive since I don't tend to add salt or cook with much salt... just a dash of sea salt here and there... and I always buy low sodium everything.)* I was sadly disappointed in Dessert... our waiter suggested the Rocky Road Pudding... I love pudding... I love chocolate... how could I not like this? Let me tell you.... the chocolate pudding was 'meh'.. it was actually bland... I've made better from a box.... the brownie bites didn't taste like chocolate...they didn't taste like much actually except gooey cubes... they too were bland... I would have thought with the bland pudding they might try to punch it up with dark chocolate decadent brownie bites... and then there was the roasted peanuts... way too many of them and they overpowered all other flavors so that all you tasted was roasted peanuts* The floor captains or managers... whatever you want to call them... are all over the place ... loudly instructing and reprimanding their bussers to work faster... note... they wouldn't have to yell if the place weren't so loud to begin with but to be heard they had to speak higher than normal... and as a patron... I don't want my attention to be drawn to the fact that a busser forgot a couple of water glasses and now the party has to be stalled longer at the reception desk
3	came here with my family and girlfriend a few weeks back.. had knowledge of Rick Moonin so i knew what to expect... the crabcakes which we ordered as an appetizer were by far the best thing we ate the entire night.. outside of that the food was fairly average.. for 4 people our bill ended up being just shy of $390 (we all had two cocktails)next time i go to RM i will sit at the sushi bar and see if i have more success there.
3	Ambiance is nice.  Staff was very friendly and attentive.  Pricing was on par with quality.  Had a perfectly cooked piece of Hake although the white beans and escarole that accompanied it was somewhat bland.  Crabcake was delicious with a jicama salad tossed with this AMAZING chipotle aioli.  $17.00 for a 3 ounce crabcake was kind of insulting but it really was fantastic.  Probably the best thing I ate actually.  finished with some banana, chocolate, peanut butter spring rolls (deep fried) with a caramel syrup.  It was seriously ridiculous.  Another irritating thing was the 5oz pour on a $14.00 house pinot grigio.  5oz's?  Really?  Had a small 8 piece california roll that was overpriced too and was good, not great.  There are definitely better options at Mandalay Bay.
2	The first of our meals out during our one-week stay in Vegas. Not sure why I chose a seafood restaurant as we get some of the best, freshly caught seafood out here on the East End of Long Island but I wanted to try it and wasn't in the mood for a steakhouse.Ambience is contemporary. Nothing too flashy. The bar looked nice- we went right to our table. The biggest thing that was disconcerting about RM Seafood-- and Vegas in general-- was the price coupled with the fact that the location of the restaurant felt very similar to eating at your local indoor mall. The restaurant is right next to the escalators leading out of the casino and into the Shops at Mandalay Place. If we closed our eyes, we might as well have been at Ruby Tuesday's or T.G.I.F.'s. Then open them and look at the menu and see $38 for what was basically a glorified Zuppa de Pesce- called "Cioppino" on their menu.Now, onto the food and what began a typical trend for the rest of the week which was "We've had much, much better for much, much less." GF had the above-mentioned Cioppino. Ample-enough portion and lots of fresh crab and large shrimp but 2 of the 3 clams that it came with didn't open-- really unacceptable in any seafood restaurant but even more so considering the prices we were paying-- and the sauce was a bland, tasteless affair that lacked any real zest or punch. I had the diver scallops which came with a stuffed poblano pepper and a mole sauce/wasabi mayo combo. The scallops were big, soft and tasty-- I will admit these were some of the best I've had-- but the pepper was luke warm and the sauce was weighted heavily on the mayo side and didn't complement the meal well. We started with the daily oyster sampler, which for $23 got us six unique oysters from all over the world, with a brief description of each. OK, fine.I will also mention that our waitress was a bit of a tryhard e.g. Asked my GF "And which salad will you be having?" after we had already ordered, obviously not choosing to order salads. I know this is standard server practice to try and run up the bill but it is obnoxious and completely unprofessional. I do wish there were half-star options here as two stars does seem a bit low but it was definitely not 'A-OK'.
4	This review is actually for a visit paid to RM Seafood a few months ago, being my 2nd full dinner experience (and probably 3rd or 4th if you include just apps).  AH-MAZING!  Rarely do I feel a dining establishment's food deserves 5 stars but based on all my experiences, it has been consistently mind blowing...that being said I will explain the 4 star rating below.I had 2 friends in town, one being a huge Rick Moonen fan, and I had been meaning to return, so we chose to spend one of our dining adventures here.  Our visit consisted of the following:APPS:- "Moon 'n' Doggie, $15 (white shrimp, red cabbage slaw, chipotle toga chips)":  looking at them, you'd think they were brats in pieces of toast used as a bun.  Tasting them though, very unique!  All blended together very well ...the taste of the shrimp-like sausage & slaw was so good together I only ate a few bites w/the bun and finished the rest alone!- "Futo Fireball Roll, $19 (king crab, avocado, cucumber, spicy char, tobiko, kabayaki & wasabi citrus aioli)":  I could have ordered this as my dinner alone!  Filling and taste was freakin' great.  I'm a sushi snob so this being good in my book means it's probably hella amazing!- Although I'm not usually one for the bread basket, I did try a few pieces of one of the breads and it had great taste and texture- not too dry & somewhat light.  Unfortunately, being a few months ago, I can't remember exactly what kind it was.ENTREES:- "Branzino, $34 (winter veggie ragu, romesco sauce)":  This was my entree.  I was originially between the Arctic Char or Hake but went w/this upon my server's suggestion.  And AHHH am I glad I did!  Branzino usually isn't the 1st fish I jump for on a menu but this was done perfectly, with so much more flavor than I'd ever had from this type of fish.  Strangely enough the highlight of the dish though, was the veggie ragu!  I cannot remember what exactly it consisted of, but I am a huge veggie fan, and these were done perfectly (I hate when cooked veggies are undercooked) with a romesco sauce like I've never had before.  The combination of the fish & veggies melded perfectly together & made it so hard not to eat almost the entire entree! - "RM Style Cioppino, $36 (calamari, mussels, clams, king crab, shrimp, FOD)":  Still not sure what "FOD" means but who even cares...this was OMG!  My dish was amazing and I didn't think it could get any better but then I tried her's and almost could not stop eating this one also!  All of the seafood tasted very fresh and was very generous in portion, placed atop a bed of pasta, cooked perfectly, pulled together w/a thich tomato broth (might I add, was a great tomatoey flavor w/a slight kick).  WHEN, not 'if', I go back I'm getting this...a side note, the portion was so darn big that after apps, I think 2 or 3 people could split.- "Alaskan King Crab, $32 (1/2 lb., steamed or chilled- he had them steamed) + (3) added Taylor Bay Scallops, $3.50/ea.":  I didn't try his entree...he added the scallops upon my recommendation based on my 1st full dinner experience @ RM (best scallops I've ever had until the scallop app I recently had @ Scarpetta, which are pretty much tied for top of the list).  He was absolutely in heaven, & he pretty much was in a trance while eating, barely looked up.  At a few points we knew he was still conscious because we heard  small rumblings of "mmmm", "wowww", "my God"...Lol.SIDE:- "Moonen's Mash, $7 (capers, scallions, black pepper, red onion)":  I suggested we get a side, my bad!  I knew everything was going to be delicious but didn't realize it would be so good we'd pretty much lick our plates clean...I usually don't pick mashed potatoes at restaurants because many times I end up being disappointed.  It just seems like they're often tasting like the fake quick mix up flakes and not REAL, homemade taters.  I was also spoiled up until I moved to Vegas, with my grandma's homemade mashed taters, which I carry on the secret recipe to this day (she's Polish & nothing can touch grandma's home cookin'!).  BUT, these were REALLY good!!!!  Light, creamy, buttery, and you could definitely tell they were real.  A nice onion flavor accompanied, and there was a garnish of capers, red onion & scallions that, when eaten w/the taters, exploded with flavor.  Wow, am I really raving about mashed potatoes?Now, the reason that, as of this review, I don't give them 5 stars...service from the servers on both experiences was very, very good- no complaints.  However, due to my profession, I make recommendations & call on many occasion to make reservations @ RM..it often feels unwelcoming, unfriendly & cold when I call &/or am greeted when approaching the restaurant.  It's discouraging.All in all though, I would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND making it a point to try out Rick Moonen's awesome RM Seafood.  Good thing they have a large entrance to the restaurant, because we were so full leaving we practically rolled out!
5	Ate at the "casual" restaurant downstairs (with the prices and service still seemed like fine dining to me). We all opted for the three course $55 prix fixe meal because it seemed like a great deal. The service was top notch- our waiter was super friendly and accommodating. They bring you delicious bread to start with - cornbread and some other type of interesting bread. So yummy. I mistakenly ordered the california roll for my appetizer instead of a salad. It was huge and way too filling considering the amount of food that was to come! Still it was good.Next was the main course. The most amazing Cioppino I have ever had in my life. I have typically thought of this dish as a soup but no - this was a very hearty dish with huge and delicious noodles, a ton of fish and garlic bread. It had a great spiciness to it, and I am still dreaming about it.The finale was Rick's famous Key Lime Pie - so good with a thick graham cracker crust. Definitely one of the best I have ever had.I HIGHLY recommend this place. I have been to a lot of restaurants in Vegas and this one is definitely at the top of the list.
5	This place was so great I opted for two dinners here while in Vegas on vacation.  The first night I had the large sashimi platter (chef's choice) and the mango roll.  Both were ridiculously fresh and delicious.  The roll was on the spicy side.  For dessert I ordered the "Fat Elvis" - fried spring rolls with bacon and banana cream inside.  I HAD to get it okay!!!  It did not disappoint.  The second night I was with my mom who had the Surf and Turf - the "surf" was a huge lobster cut in half and "helped" out of its shell casing.  She gave me the claw.  It was buttery, tender and wonderful.  Rick Moonen also made an appearance that second evening.  If we didn't have show tickets I'm sure I would have made an ass out of myself by going over to his table to gush over his wonderful creations.  RM - at least downstairs - is a MUST DO - while in Vegas for the seafood/sushi lover.
3	Had a late reservation here..Bride to Be's choice...she's obsessed with the Top Chef series. So as Maid of Honor, I made it happen. Nice atmosphere, clean, spacious but cold in temp. We had a fantastic server, patient and detailed in his explanations. One of the specials was the Surf and Surf. No need to explain what it is really, it sounded mouthwatering but when we inquired..discovered it was $140! Say whaaat? Now we had budgeted to drop some money on this trip, but not P Diddy money. Damn! In hindsight, I should have ordered it, because I ended up throwing the money in a slot machine anyway. Next time Ill go for the mouthwatering dish. I ended up with the Diver Scallops - Pulled Pork and Cornbread Chile Rellenos, Mole, Jalapeno. I didn't take a picture because it wasn't a particularly pretty presentation, seeing as how it was green and brown. It was a good meal but it wasn't "orgasmic" by any means, therefore dont feel it was worth the $38 tag. The calamari appetizer on the other hand...BEST Calamari I have ever had, the hot pepper mix, made the dish. The girl next to me ordered the Cioppino and OMG THAT was orgasmic well worth the $36, would have paid $50 it was THAT good.
5	Dear Surf & Turf Roll:How I love thee. You are a flavor trip in my mouth.  Your sweet and tangy insides make me smile, and every time I eat you, I love you even more.  Tell Rocky road pudding I said 'sup.  He's light, airy, and delish.  Our threesome last Sunday rocked my world.Love,Me.
4	Big fan of Rick Moonen ever since watching him on Top Chef.  Now I go to RM Seafood for lunch every time I am in Vegas.  Tried quite a few items on the menu now, but favorite items are the Catfish Sloppy Joe and the RM Burger.  The RM Burger cooked medium rare so it's moist and juicy topped with melted cheese and coleslaw with a side of thin crispy fries is sinfully delicious.  I was skeptical a seafood restaurant could cook up a delicious burger but they do it here! Clam chowder and fish taco is good too.  Lobster roll did not have as much flavor so for the price I would not order it again.  Seriously, try the RM Burger and the Catfish Sloppy Joe!My friend had the Surf and Turf RM Burger which was topped with maine lobster for $45.  I do not know how he managed to chow that thing down so fast!Service was really good, then not so good, and last few visits it was really good again.  Hope they sort it out so service is consistently good.
4	I went here a year ago, and the memory of the sweet and sour eggplant topped by the most beautiful (and delicious!) scallops I have ever seen has made my mouth water ever since!  Truly a perfect meal.  A few of my friends' dishes did not live up to mine, but the glory of the scallops ensures 4 stars!Not cheap, but worth the expense.
2	#1 Star: Food. (was meh, had better)#2 Star: Ambiance.  I ordered chicken, which was overcooked, and bland risotto...Oh, and soup...Its a bit pricey.  So unless you win big, I wouldn't go here if you're on a budget.I'll get to the point.  Typically, when you are offered soup or salad with your meal, one is to assume its included in the cost. Well, its not.  And of course, we didn't find that out, until we got the bill. The menu does not specify if it's excluded/included in the cost of the meal.  You would think so, given the cost....Moral of the story, don't assume. And if you're not sure - ask the waiter before you order.  I'm sure if there wasn't confusion on this matter, it could've been better. With a large group, and half that left for a play, before the bill came, others picked up the slack for those soup and salads.
4	Went here last night after seeing Rick Moonen on Top Chef and Top Chef Masters so many times.  The restaurant itself is very modern and comfortable looking.  I thought the seats were very comfortable as well.For dinner:Beef tartar: amazing, seasoned awesomely, and truffles...you can't beat that.  Came with fries, which were prepared nicely, but a little on the salty side.BLT salad: great tasting salad and cool presentation.  Simple salad, lettuce, tomato, blue cheese crumble, bacon, and some sort of dill dressing.Arugula Mint Salad: Very fresh, tasted good, only thing we wished was there was just a tad more mint in it.Mussels: They give you a lot of mussels, this as an appetizer, but my wife had it for her main course.  Came with 2 garlic breads.  The sauce was delicious, maybe a little more white wine.  Very light sauce.Branzino: Very tasty, and cooked really nicely.  It was with a sauce, sorry, forgot what it was, but it made the dish.  Had some fresh veggies underneath.  I think next time, I'd get it with the Halibut though.Key Lime Pie:  Presentation wise, it was beautiful.  Crust was totally awesome, kind of like the kind of crust you get on a really good cheesecake.  Keylime cream/filling was really good, we only wished that there was more of the cream.  The filling to crust ratio was more crust than filling.  It also came with a cilantro sauce, I hate cilantro, but it was actually decent.Server, super friendly and helpful.  Water cups were never empty.The only down side, was it took a little bit of time to get out of there, because the server was swamped.
4	We stayed at TheHotel and ended up going to RM Seafood twice.  We sat in the bar and had appetizers and sushi for happy hour.  Service was great even though they knew we wouldn't be ordering entrees.  It was a little pricey but the food was pretty good. The standouts for me were the char belly nigiri with plum and the crab cake appetizer.  Rick Moonen was also at the restaurant both nights.  He was very friendly and even took a picture with me. I would probably go back, and hope to try dinner next time.
4	Food: 5 starsService: hit or missValue: 4 starsWe tried both lunch and dinner at RM Seafood. It is owned by Rick Moonen, a celebrity chef who was in the Top Chef: Las Vegas competition.For lunch, we used a Restaurant.com coupon ($10 off when purchased $20 or more) and we ordered a Catfish Sloppy Joe with sliced pickles, peppers and onions, and french fries ($15) and a Adam's Fish Sandwich with wedge fries ($16). Hubby also tried a glass of peach cocktail ($12). Hubby liked his Catfish Sloppy Joe very much. The rich sweet and spicy sauce was pretty tasty and unique. Compared to his, my fish sandwich was on the light side. The fish was perfectly cooked, crispy on the batter and juicy inside. I liked it! The waitress service was friendly and attentive. For dinner, we had their prix fixe dinner, which included a glass of champagne, a fresh oyster for a starter ($3.75), a choice of Fuji apple salad ($15) or Rick's white clam chowder ($12) for appetizer, a choice of RM Style "Cioppino" ($36, calamarata pasta, mussels, clams, king crab, shrimp, and seasonal fish) or pan roasted free range chicken ($25) for main course, and 4 flavors of ice cream and sorbet served blind ($4.50). The total value of the dinner for two was over $115, but we got a great deal from Travel Zoo for only $89 (tax and gratuity were not included). The food was excellent, especially the Cioppino! The plate was filled with fresh delicious seafood and I love the bold yummy spicy flavors!The food at RM Seafood was tasty and great, but the service at night was not so good. Our waiter was friendly and nice at the beginning, but after the starter, his attitude changed dramatically. We had a hard time finding him during our dinner, and when he served, his face was not pleasant. Even though he knew that we had a flight to catch and promised us he would keep an eye out for our food, our main course came late and we had to wait another 30 minutes for our ice cream. The timing of the food was horrible. Our waiter didn't even apologize for our wait! Total disappointment. Overall I really love their food. But for service, it is really a hit or miss.
4	While in Vegas for a work related event, some colleagues and I decided to have dinner here - and boy were we glad we did. We didn't have reservations but we were promptly seated without a wait - we like that!My order:Edamame - Mediterranean sea salt, togarashi ($7) - yummy these were lightly salted with a hint of hotMiso Soup - Pork Dashi, Pork Belly, Scallion ($8) - probably the best miso soup I've ever had. I loved the flavor of pork belly and dashi. This was a delicious beginning to my meal.Spicy Tuna Roll - big eye and albacore tuna with cucumber, togarashi sauce ($13) - they know spicy and this roll was hot!We ate downstairs, and it was pretty loud due to the restaurant being full. Our server was attentive and the general service overall was good. We all agreed the food was excellent and the next time we are in Las Vegas- we will come back here.
5	We went to this happy hour after Stripsteak. Obviously it differed but I think it's worth 5 stars as well. They had excellent sushi! My fiance and I were both craving tuna, so he had a spicy tuna hand roll and I had a regular sushi roll. They were both yummy! The best spicy tuna roll I ever had probably! Andddd we got to meet Rick Moonen and were offered free cocktails. The bartender knew what he was doing ;)
2	2.5 StarsI've stayed in the Mandalay Bay countless times and I've always walked passed Rick Moonen's RM Seafood on the way to the Mandalay Place shops. I had high hopes for RM Seafood after seeing Rick Moonen compete on Top Chef Masters, but my experience was slightly less stellar.Be aware there is an upstairs restaurant and an downstairs restaurant. They both have different menus, where the upstairs has the the upscale tasting menu and the downstairs is a more casual dining experience. I still felt the downstairs restaurant had the price tag of pricey restaurant though.Before our meal even started I was slightly turned off when my waiter took my order. I had a good idea that I wanted to try the seafood items since I knew Rick's specialty was in seafood. For some reason our waiter relentlessly tried to upsell me on getting the steak, lobster, or surf and turf, which were of course the more expensive items on the item. It didn't stop there when he proceed to badger me if I wanted any alcohol with my meal. After denying him multiple times I was finally able to get in my order for the Steamed Mussels and the Diver Scallops. The bowl of Steamed Mussels was huge! If only it tasted as good as its portions, I would've enjoyed this appetizer. The mussels were cooked in white wine, garlic, and parsley that created a light broth sitting underneath the mussels. It was accompanied with two garlic bread sticks. The mussels were very fishy and the broth lacked flavor. I was hoping the broth would help cover up the heavy sea-tasting mussels, but it didn't help. I was ready to put my fork down by the time I finished half the bowl because of the fishy taste. I've had better tasting mussels in the past.Next came the main dish of Diver Scallops. There were 4 huge scallops accompanied with a pull pork, cornbread, and jalapeno chile rellano. The food was topped off with some mole sauce. I will say the best thing on the plate was not the seafood. I actually really enjoyed the chile rellano. It had the perfect amount of heat and the pull pork filling was smooth and delicious. The scallops were a big disappointment. Although they were tender, they were way too salty for my taste buds.I think my dining experience couldn't been more pleasant at RM Seafood. Perhaps if I ordered different items on the menu or didn't have such a pushy waiter things would have been better.
2	I called at 7pm to see if there's any reservation available. The girl on the phone was pretty nice and says it's pretty open. I made it for 7:30 and the place wasn't packed. But I guess everyone is elsewhere. First flaw that they have: I asked to not be seated at the bar, I prefer comfortable seat than stool. The same girl says well since you called only half hour ago.. We are making an exception so this is the only seating available.  I'm like ???? Wtf?  The place is barely packed only about 20 people... You can't move me to the dining room ??? This is the part that I don't like when I dine alone. They discriminate against you give you smaller table and think that you are gonna spend little money... Little that they know I can spend 2 persons bill if not more... If the food n service was better!I ordered the jumbo crab cake with jicama and chipotle aioli. It was alright.. And for dinner I ordered Diver Scallop with chille releno and mole sauce.The 2 dishes is not giving me a WOW I gotta come back here affect. I was expecting Rick Moonen's creation will blow my socks off.  But nothing... Not even a tingly feeling. Service was a ok. My glass of water was  not refilled promptly.. I have to wait around..and my eye contact before I get it filled each time and for three times. I can only imagine if it was packed. Well Rick... I probably won't come back to see your pic with Oprah on the wall.
3	So... This is a difficult place to give just 1 rating... There's and upstairs and a downstairs... The down has more of a publike feel to it... Good food, good service, nothing to impress though... I've been to bothThe upstairs has a different menu, better service, prix fixe options and just tries to do the fine dining thing... Both are good, nothing great.This is not to say this place offends me... I'll still come whenever I'm in Vegas and in the Mandalay Bay... It's good stuff, but not really worth the price.  Vegas pricing is so excessive, and while the food, and service are good... I've had better.I guess, in summary: Good, but nothing I'd crave.
4	While in Vegas for a work related trip, I convinced the group to try out Rick's restaurant, as I hadn't been and wanted to try it.They have a 2 level/2 concept approach to the restaurant.  The upper floor is the fine dining, tasting menu concept, which I definitely want to try.  The lower floor, is the less fancy, order a la carte menu, which when we went had a great vibe in it.  The space, like most newer restaurants in Vegas is fantastic.I'll put a disclaimer here, actually I need to put 2.  1.  I'm not reviewing by price.  I'm amused by some of the other reviewers balking at the price.  All restaurants in this caliber in Vegas are absurdly overpriced.  So if you are coming here to say that, about ANY restaurant, you might as well also remind people that there are Casinos in Vegas.  In fact you should probably give them a negative review on Yelp as well, because you likely lost money in them.2.  My ENTIRE table was sold on the special after the waitress gave the hard sell, which was a surf & turf.  So it's tough to really review the fish, which is his specialty.The meal itself was fantastic.  The filet was cooked to absolute perfection.  It had a 1/2 pound of lobster on top in an unbelievable sauce.  I wanted to rub the sauce on my face it was so good.  It was really delicious.I'll definitely be back to try his tasting menu upstairs, which is more focused on fish.  I did also try a scallop crudo app which was fantastic as well.  The service was great, our server rocked.
1	We went here during a trade show for lunch downstairs and it was HORRIBLE! The $27 Lobster Rolls were PURE mayonnaise, NO lobster taste! My 2 bosses sent them back after 2 bites and ordered a hamburger to split, it took them almost 30 minutes to bring it out, while I was eating. I had the Catfish Sloppy Joe... didn't taste one bit of catfish in it! I only could taste the overpowering taste of the chutney.Also, while I'm not Asian, I did find a rather racist item on their menu- instead of Philly Roll, it was spelled Phrirry Roll. I'm assuming a racist joke that Asians can't pronounce the "L"s correctly. BAD FORM!!!!We're NOT going back!
1	Terrible!  We had awful service and worse food.  Like having a used car salesman for a waiter.  I ended up with food poisoning.  Wouldn't recommend to anyone.
1	Ehh, not so much... Very disappointed.The only reason I'm even giving RM Seafood a star is because I have to and the service was pretty good. It was the food I was very disappointed in. I expected better. We ate downstairs and the bill was over $400 for 3 people who ordered 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 1 dessert, 1 soda, 1 iced tea, 1 beer, and 1 glass of wine. The steak tar tare looked and tasted like cat food. The Elvis dessert was not mind blowing, nor anything near the original recipe as far as taste. Spend your money, time, and calories elsewhere while in Vegas. There are waaaay too many great restaurants in Sin City to blow $400 and actually feel like you got your money's worth.
4	Back in May, my husband and I attended the Las Vegas Uncork'd event.  We were staying at Mandalay Bay and on a free Saturday evening we decided to have dinner on site.  We were torn between Border Grill and RM Seafood and decided in the end, to go for Rick Moonen's RM Seafood.Let me start by saying that this weekend was full of extraordinary food, and in some ways we were a little "fooded out".  We were scheduled to eat at Joel Robuchon on Monday evening and the choice of RM was almost arbitrary.  We had to eat, this was nearby.We did opt to eat at the fine dining restaurant upstairs as opposed to the  casual eatery on the main level that serves a la carte.We had a 7:30PM reservation on a Saturday night.  We were seated promptly in a dining room that had only 3 occupied tables.  After about 5 minutes, our server offered to move us further back in the dining room as one of the occupied tables had about 10 diners and was very loud.  We accepted.RM was a complete surprise.  We ordered the chef's tasting menu and were completely blown away.  The food was awesome, much much better than I expected.  Honestly, outside of The French Laundry, I would say that this is the best meal I've ever had, and I've had some really good meals.We ordered the 7-course tasting menu.  I had the standard menu and my husband had the upgraded version for an additional $95.  In the end, I thought that $95 was a little high for what he got, but the food was so good that I really didn't care.Our meal started with a marinated Spanish baby octopus that was just unreal.  This dish is in my list of 5 top dishes ever.  The octopus was tender and succulent, lightly seared and delectable.  It was accompanied by fava beans and Iberico ham and was completely delicious.I won't go through ever dish we had, but would like to point out some high notes.  The potato blintzes that came with the Smoked Sturgeon were fantastic.  Delicate pillows of fluffly potato encased in a soft blintz.  Outstanding.  The pork confit that accompanied the delicious Lantern Scallops was unbelievable.  It was tender and juicy and very "porky".  Some of the best pork ever.  My husband got a foie gras dish as part of his upgraded menu and it was incredible.  Truly the best fois gras we've ever had.  It was perfectly cooked, creamy with just a hint of "tooth":,  This foie was better than what we got at The French Laundry, and that's saying something.  Lastly, I had a lamb belly dish that was spectacular.  I've never even heard of lamb belly and it's just what you might think it is.  It is very reminiscent of pork belly but from lamb.  It is slightly chewy with a wonderful fatty lamb flavor.  It was awesome.Service was terrific and very friendly.  Of course, throughout our meal there were no more than 3 tables of diners at any time.  I was a little disconcerted considering it was a Saturday night and the crowd was so light.  I truly hope this place does well, considering the quality of the food.  Frankly, I'm not sure why this place isn't Michelin rated.At the end of our evening we were offered a tour of the kitchen and truly got a tour.  Chef de Cuisine, Matthew, took us through each station, introduced us to staff and their particular jobs and answered questions.  He also indulged us with a photograph.  I have eated at some of the best restaurants in the country, including The French Laundry, Joel Robuchon, Charlie Trotters and Rick Tramonto's former home - Tru.  RM Seafood is easily in this category with it's fresh, flavorful and creative dishes, and for a pricetag that won't drain your wallet.  Given a choice of going back to Robuchon or eating at RM again, I'd pick RM, no question.
1	I was Looking forward to a top chef master restaurant and I came away sorely disappointed.  The service was mediocre at best. We thought it might turn bad, when off the bat we didn't even get menus until 40 minutes after sitting down.  We ordered king crab legs as an appetizer and they were so salty that they were barely edible. We were told that it was because of the ocean they came from. Really!  We had them sent back and to their credit, they took it off the check. I ordered the lobster bolognese as an entree and I was told by our server that it had very little lobster, but I could add more for an additional price. Who says that at a supposed top notch restaurant?  What was even worse is that he was right about the lobster.  There was almost none to be found.My wife and I were both truly bewildered by the experience. With all the choices in Vegas there are a lot better ways to spend your money. We won't be back.
5	In July of 2010 we were strolling near RM Seafood and Chef Moonen actually passed by me. He seemed to be in a rush, but smiling... I couldn't believe it. Imagine that, Chef Rick Moonen, of Top Chef Masters, was actually in the same building that I was in, walking on the same floor that I was walking on, and breathing the same air that I was breathing. I was thrilled! This year we returned to Las Vegas and made it a goal to eat at RM Seafood. Dinner was out of the question and upstairs was equally out of the question since we were traveling with our children. So downstairs and lunch was our plan. The good experience started on the phone with Tabitha... who assured us that she would take care of us when we arrived. And she did: great table on the patio. I don't recall the waitress' name but she was sweet and attentive. Choosing from the menu was a challenge since everything sounded good. The specials sounded good too. One was almost unbelievable: lobster and hamburger burger - the ultimate in lunchtime surf-and-turf! We decided on the red hake, lobster rolls, and the kids both wanted the BBQ pork mac-n-cheese (without jalapeno). All arrived in reasonable time and looked fantastic. We actually sat there "eating with our eyes" for a few moments... the plating was that pretty. And the eating was even better! Everything was perfectly cooked, exceptionally seasoned, and flavorful beyond belief. Barely a speck was left on the plates when we were finished. My youngest son couldn't finish all of the mac-n-cheese but we were more than willing to help him. Eating at RM Seafood, even at lunch, isn't "cheap eats" but it certainly is quality eating for a reasonable price. We enjoyed every minute of our experience and will be back again on a future visit to Las Vegas.
1	I had such high hopes for this, seeing as Rick Moonen was on Top Chef Masters and has a great reputation.  Those hopes were quickly squashed once we arrived at the restaurants.We had reservations on a Wednesday night, so I was not busy at all.  Once we were seated, it took approximately 20 minutes for one of our two servers to come take our drink order.  My husband ordered a cocktail, and I couldn't decide, so I just started with water.  It was another 15 minutes before he brought us our drinks, and he hadn't yet asked us if we wanted to order any starters.Finally he asked if we wanted to order anything, and we were interested in the cold platter.  It comes in three sizes, of which the small has 1/2 lobster, 6 oysters, 3 shrimp, 3 clams, 3 mussles, and the house ceviche.  We asked the price, and it was ridiculously overpriced, even by Vegas standards.  We ended up ordering a dozen oysters instead, which were just ok.  He came back about 15 minutes later to see how they were, at which point I had to ask him if we could put in our dinner order.I had the Lobster Bolognese, my husband had the Cioppino.  Both were just ok, nothing special.  For the price on my Bolognese, I was expecting more lobster.  Odd thing with the Cioppino, the shrimp had almost the complete shell still on...only about 1/4 of each shrimp had been peeled.Our server never came by to ask how our meals were.  We had to flag him down to get the check, but you can bet the manager came by in about 30 seconds to run the card through.This all seems good compared to the couple that sat next to us...after 40 minutes, they were brought another party's order.  Once they informed the server it wasn't what they had ordered, it was another 25 minutes before their food was brought to the table...and her shrimp was cold.RM Seafood needs to step it up...with so many other great dining options in Vegas (not to mention in Mandalay Bay), this will not be one I visit again.
5	RM gets 5 cuz my dish was the best thing EVER! It was one of there specials for the night. Crab and lobster in a cream sauce and the waitress said over pasta? but it was rice? Whatever....AMAZING!!!!I wasn't to impressed with what my fiance ordered but...I am rating on my dish not his. Service is eh...our waitress seemed kind of grumpy...not very attentive. Everybody else was very pleasant.I wish I could have met Rick...my dish was spectacular! So the five stars is because what I was given was definitely  a well deserved 5!
5	Top Chef Lunch :) I heart Rick Moonen!
3	This place is absolutely hyped. I'm confident that Rick Moonen is a talented chef, but he isn't working in the kitchen...The atmosphere? Definitely changed since the last time I've been there. Very tasteful and classy. Not a family-friendly restaurant, as there were mostly couples here. I ordered the jellyfish-wakame salad, the RM garlic tuna, the red king crab, and the sockeye salmon. My friends ordered clam chowder, the RM style cioppino, and the roasted shrimp.And of course, who could forget the sorbet challenge?Since we ordered so much, I'll just review the dishes one by one:Jellyfish-Wakame SaladIt's very average. I could buy the wakame part of the salad for $2-3 at a local Korean market. Nonetheless, the jellyfish was very tasty and perfectly crunchy. Then again, I have an obvious weak spot for jellyfish...RM Garlic TunaI thought this would be spectacular, since I was paying so much for it. It was okay, to be honest. It was tasty, but it didn't have any wow factor.Red King CrabSo fresh and so good! Maybe not worth the price, but my favorite sushi fo the night.Sockeye SalmonNot the kind of salmon I expected to come out. It's red, and it doesn't taste much like salmon. This was probably my fault... take my advice and just don't get this either Clam ChowderAbove average, although it was a bit salty. I liked the variety of ingredients used in this chowder... tasty!RM style CioppinoThey give you a TON of food for this dish. A nicely spicy and tasty dish, not to mention an abundance of seafood. My favorite entree of the night.Roasted ShrimpWhat an absolute RIP-OFF. Six shrimp for $36?! Not to mention, they came out under-cooked?! Horrible, horrible, horrible. Do NOT get this dish at all costs.What made this dining experience a bit better was the 16-flavor sorbet challenge. It takes some time for it to come out, but it was SO worth it and definitely fun. Balsamic? Pine Nut? Who knew these flavors even existed!Overall, this place is tremendously expensive. Personally, if I ever go back here again, I wouldn't order any food -- I'd go straight to the sorbet challenge.The service was alright... our waiter was nice, but sometimes he was a bit scatter-brained. RM Seafood gets a lot of publicity in Vegas, but I think it's more hype than anything else.
1	Walk away. Food was mediocre. Insanely over priced (even for Vegas). Waitress grossly up-sold our meal. Go to Border Grill which is also within Mandalay Bay. Great food, great service, very reasonably priced.
1	Had to be the worst dining experience I have had. They could make a drink correctly, the food was either over or under cooked. The service was worst than both combined. Definitely will never go there again. Don't waste your money.
5	I had a wonderful dinner at this place. First of all, the restaurant has a great ambiance and looks upscale. It smells like fresh seafood, without smelling too fishy. I tried the lobster risotto with chorizo oil that was to die for! I had a simple butter lettuce salad as a starter, and it was quite nice as well. Overall, a very nice place to dine and the food is excellent. The staff is very professional as well.
1	VERY DISAPPOINTING! I do not recommend this place at all and it's a shame as I have enjoyed watching Rick Moonen on Master Chef and thought we'd give this place a whirl.  We ordered their "featured" appetizer, the foie gras which was hyped up by our server.  The way he described, it sounded like the foie gras was going to be the star of the plate "drizzled" with a balsamic reduction.  Well, when it arrived, the foie gras was swimming in a pool, literally, of balsamic and it was inedible.  We informed the waiter, and he said he would correct the error.  He returned with the same piece of foie gras, now just removed from the pool and sitting on a bare plate.  Really?  We said, "no thank you" as it was not presentable at this point and it had absorbed all the balsamic from the time in the pool.  We then ordered a bottle of wine, needed it at this point, clam chowder, whole lobster; one steamed and one broiled and their macaroni and cheese for a side and the broccoli raab vegetable.  The clam chowder came out cold with a heaping handful of fresh thyme on the top which made it entirely inedible.  I asked for bread with the soup and the waiter said, "crackers?" and I repeated, "bread please."  He brought out two, quarter-sized rolls.  Could they spare it?  The lobsters were brought out but I ordered steamed and the server was going to give me the broiled one by mistake so I informed him that I wanted the steamed one.  Instead of just putting it in the right place, he went back to the kitchen only to return a few seconds later to put the steamed one in front of me.  Huh?  When I touched it, it was ice cold; chilled lobster?  I informed the waiter and I said that this was now ridiculous and please tell me where the hidden camera is.  I mean iced cold!  He took it back to the kitchen.  I stared at the Mac and cheese and when I picked some up on my fork to take a bite, it was dripping no more like running cream/butter/milk -- disgusting.  Kraft would be more appetizing than that!  I asked the waiter if he would eat that mac and cheese that was swimming in milk or cream and he said "no."  so I sent that back and p.s. the veggies were cold too.  When the Lobsters arrived back at the table, I ate my share, as I was very hungry at this point and just wanted to get out of there.  They appropriately took off everything from our bill except the Lobster and the chowder (which was terrible) and we paid and left.  I am so appalled that the management of this restaurant thinks that the public is that stupid or that unsaavy to place food in front of them that is this terrible.  Low standards should not be applauded nor honored.  Do not go! Mr. Moonen.....please step inside your restaurant and fix this place or close it down.
5	We have eaten here twice and had a great experience both times!!  The last time we just had dessert.  We tried the 18-flavor ice cream sampler and it was so fun attempting to guess all the different flavors of ice cream.The waiter found out it was my birthday and had Rick Moonen personally come out, meet us, take a picture with us.  What a great place!!!  Cool that the head chef who is really a celebrity would take the time to come on the floor to meet us :)Definitely going back!!!
1	If I could give it a lower score I would. Terrible upsell and service, horribly overpriced and mediocre fare.
4	This place is expensive but it is worth it.  The food is absolutely delicious.  I give it 4 stars and not 5 only because the service can be slow and the ambiance/character is a bit lacking.  However, it's still worth it for the wonderful seafood.
4	Coworkers and I had shared two of their sushi rolls - both were good. Their bread basket was yummy especially the cornbread. I had their special, a Surf & Surf which was crab meat and lobster meat (already shelled, thank you very much) over risotto. This was just delectable! I felt SO bad that I didn't finish all of the seafood - they did not skimp on the crab and lobster one bit - but I was full. If I lived nearby, I'd definitly get a doggy bag, but I was staying at the hotel for business and didn't think leftover seafood would go over well in a hotel room. Our server Robbie was awesome, btw. Gotta give credit where it's due.
2	I don't like writing bad reviews because I don't like the notion of negatively affecting someone's livelihood. On the other hand, however, I wouldn't want someone to waste hard earned money at this place either.  So here goes . . . The food is passable, nothing special and everything was oversalted (and I am a saltaholic), but horribly overpriced, even for Vegas.  I'm no cheapskate and am perfectly willing to pay for quality food and service. But this was offensively priced for what you get. And the waiter's blatant upsell efforts were an affront.  This place isn't even close to being the high-end seafood mecca it bills itself as.  I mean it's edible so if you're stuck without other choices, don't care about wasting money and overall don't care that much, fine.  But if you have limited meals in Vegas, and know food and restaurants, there are literally hundreds of other places I'd rather eat in Vegas. Sorry.  (This is for downstairs.)
3	It was alright. Not the best but not bad. We ate here with family after recieving a free $45 voucher per person when you buy Lion King tickets. My mom and grandma ordered the prix fix menu with Cioppino and Steak as the main course. The Spicy Salmon roll is good, kind of on the spicy side depending on what you're used to but they put honey drizzled on it which is.. different but interestingly good. I also ordered a side of Mac and Cheese which was like a mountain of toasted cheese covering goey mac and cheese underneath. Really good. Being only 19, my vegas trips usually consist of spa's, shopping, shows, and buffets (eating). I feel really lucky to try such a restaurant. I do agree with others, that it does have a date-ish feel about it. It's okay for families but not the best family environment but I'm sure they'd accomodate. Oh, the manager came around which was nice. He filled up waters and made sure everything was up to par.
4	Good restaurant --- but wow--- it was slow. Right when you walk in the restaurant it had a fishy smell. Kind of worried me since it is a fish restaurant. We first went to bar to get a drink. There was about 4 or 5 of us at one of the small tables. The waitress was nice but so slow. It took over 30 minutes for her to get our order. Plus, had no training on the wine. The wine list is pretty extensive so I was very disappointed with her lack of knowledge. We did have a huge party (20) so I know it is hard to accommodate that large of a party. However, with that said we paid a fortune there and still should get a quicker result. The waitstaff was extremely friendly however it took so long for the food to come out. I got the special of the evening which was lobster and crab over orzo. It was fantastic. I actually split it and it was plenty. Overall-- it was good. Not great--- just good.
4	Loved it!!! Seafood is my favorite. Had the "Kitchen Sink" and it was amazing. Service was wonderful. I would recommend this restaurant to my family and friends.
1	Worse than before.Overpriced, and HORRIBLE service.When a group says "We're really thirsty. Could you please bring water while we look at the menu?" You'd better frickin' BRING IT! Our waiter was pushy, rude, and S...L...O...W...When we said that we weren't interested in hearing the specials, he read them anyway. He constantly tried to upsell us. Every order placed was followed by a pause, and "Well, you know what would be really good...?" followed by a big description of a more expensive item or an add-on.The desperately needed water took almost twenty minutes to get to our table.The table next to us, who was seated at least five minutes after us, received their water, drinks, and first course before we even got our water. Do I sound like I'm obsessing about water? In the desert, dehydration is no joke, and it's indicative of the quality (bad - very very bad) of service that we received.The sushi was good, but not great.The main courses were simple but extremely expensive.All sides were extra.We spent about $250 for three people on very basic food and a glass of wine each.Never again.Never never never.
4	On my last trip to Las Vegas, my mom, sis and I decided to try this restaurant (the lower level one) because of the restaurant.com coupon I had. The service was good, our waiter and busboy would come to our table to see how our meal was. I had the cioppino with the diver scallops. There was so much food, I couldn't finish it at all, but I did have to eat all of the seafood. You can't let it go to waste! The cioppino was the best that I've had (aside from the one that I make), and my mom who is a picky eater, actually finished her surf & surf without wanting to trade her dish with mine halfway through the meal. It is pricey but for the amount of seafood you get, it's worth it.  If you do order the cioppino, I'd suggest sharing, as it is a very large portion.
4	Came here for 1 thing. Their unique flavors of ice cream/sorbet. 16 for $18 where you can guess which flavors are which. If you guess them all, then it's free.It was definitely a challenge but a great place for a date and especially if you and your date love dessert. It was fun for my gf and I. The waitress actually thought we'd guess more than we did. It definitely tough. I recommend that if you do the tasting, then definitely you should do it blind folded or have your date serve it random with your eyes closed. Very fun and unique place just for dessert. Next time, I'll try dinner.
2	We went here to celebrate a friend's engagement. We had dinner on a Friday night. The place was freezing, service was lackluster and the food was even more disappointing. $38 for a small and blah tasting salmon filet. A redeeming quality? Um - everyone loved the mac n cheese side dish?Wouldn't recommend.
3	Hubby and I tried RM Seafood on our most recent trip to Vegas. I started out with the clam chowder, which I did not enjoy AT ALL. I could barely eat it. Very unimpressed. We also ordered the california roll, which I also thought was horrible. Good thing it was happy hour so prices were cheaper, or I would have been even more upset! Hubby got the mac n cheese side, which was very delicious.For our main, we had that days special, which was shelled crab and lobster over orzo (I think). It was incredibly delicious (I should hope so at $70), which is the only reason I gave this restaurant 3 stars. I am not sure that we would ever go back, as it was pricey and nothing to write home about.
4	Excellent food. Small portions. High prices. Would I go back again. Yes! If it were not for the high prices I would rate RM Seafood 5 stars. My wife and I shared the caesar salad, filet, and surf & surf (deshelled lobster and Alaskan crab legs). We thoroughly enjoyed everything.My recommendation: Check with the local ticket discounters for discount.
5	Rick Moonen is brilliant! Would give another star if I could!! Our meal was outstanding. The cornbread basket is a great start, and it only gets better. The seafood cioppino was music to my palette. It tasted much like my homemade fra diavolo, and was easily the best Italian meal I've had outside of NYC, or my family's kitchen. Hubby enjoyed the surf and turf, and the medium rare steak was cooked to perfection. What really stood out about this restaurant beside the phenomenal meal was the exceptional service. My water glass was never empty, and the waitress was delightful and walked us through the menu with knowledge and enthusiasm. They subtly try to up sell you to add a few scallops or lobster to your meal for an extra charge, so be cautious if your hoping to leave with a little change in your wallet. Prices are very high and very worth it. This was the best meal we've had in a long time. Fine dining at it's best.
3	The cornbread and Parmesan crisps were very nice. I thought the atmosphere was better suited for lunch than dinner. My husband and I went for our 7th wedding anniversary. The service was very good, but kind of slow (the couple next to us who was seated after us got their food before we did), and they gave my husband the wrong dish. I had the sushi which looked good but was not that memorable. I enjoyed the endive and melon salad very much. My husband had the Clam Chowder and found it to be average. He ordered the Surf and Turf, the steak was a little to rare but was a very nice cut. It came with a 2 oz steamed Lobster which was average. I guess I have gotten spoiled from living here in Las Vegas and having had amazing food. This place was nice but it was not that memorable. The food was nice but not worth the cost.
2	Small( tiny toddler size) portions, high prices, very slow service. The food was outstanding...once it arrived.  The private dining room was very nice.I took a large party of 19 of my best customers here after being at a trade show all day at the hotel so we were pretty tired. In fact we made it clear to to our servers that this was the case and that we were wanting to be done in 2 hours.  The dinner took over 3 hours . Everything served tasted delicious but there was just not enough food. The Ice cream tasting was sorta fun but all that waiting around took the experience down a level. The bill for everyone was over $2,500 dollars. Half of the group did not drink alcohol so this was a bit unreasonable for what we got.Would not come here again.
4	Ice cream name game ROCK!
1	It's pretty rare that I post a Yelp review.  I should start doing it more, but for now a place needs to really stand out and this one does for it's absolutely terrible service.  The food was good but it is very overpriced, not unusual for a strip restaurant though so we expected that.  Service was very slow.  Our waitress was nice and she could definitely tell that we were getting irritated.  At the end of our meal they left us sitting with empty plates and water glasses for a good 15-20 minutes before clearing the table and offering dessert - which we were in the mood for but after waiting so long   we just wanted to get out of there.  I will never try this place again.  It's good for spending a bunch of money to get in a bad mood when it's all done.
1	A party of 7 - we drank water 1 appetizer and a $600 check all in the confines of an indoor mall...Don't get me wrong, the food was wonderful but just a bit out of hand.  2 pairs of people ordered the same entree items and they came out completely different sizes and  for myself, the shrimp was just not delicious.  For 36 bucks I wants some delicious shrimp!The server was by far the worst server I've ever encountered!  I wanted to read the menu but he insisted on up-selling every freaking thing!!  Dude back the f-up, I wanna read, not hear the ingredients in a rue! He kept interrupting our rather enjoyable conversation to tell us about "artisinal water" or some other crap they've up-charged for.  Frankly at the end of the night I felt like I was just sold a used car with a side of fish...  Hey Rick, time to rethink your wait staff.  This one waiter RUINED your restaurant...
2	way over priced.  My wife and i had a casual dinner and the bill came out to be $430.00.  We first met them through NYNY's tv commerical.  Their kitchen sink platter looks so delicious and both my wife and i wanted to give it try.  I also pass by the place few times in the pass and it doesn't look so bad.  We finally made up our minds and drove down to Mandalay.  We of course ordered the kitchen sink seafood platter.  I have to give 5 for the presentation.  Three different sizes of plates stack on each other with different seafood on each level.  1FL was oyster, and mussels; 2FL crab legs, calamari and shrimp; 3FL was 2 lobsters.  Just as you thought everything looks so good and taking the first bit of the shrimp.  Oh crap, why is it so chew, what about the oysters, its too milky and i got 2 bad ones.  I guess the only good thing is the lobster.  It was so so.  My conclusion for this is isn't worth the money.  Trying something way better for the same amount of Benjamin.
3	Our dining experience tells you that you REALLY should trust and read the reviews & mostly trust them when you're choosing your restaurant.  We were initially excited about going to this restaurant because of the eclectic dinner menu.  Veal tongue that was $20 per oz. (recommended 4 oz), lamb's belly & rabbit.  Bring it on.The appetizers started out really well.  My husband had the tasting menu, and I ordered a few dishes from the regular menu.  The octopus, steak & eggs, hot & cold foie gras all started out very well. After that, that was when it progressively got from so-so to just frustrating bad.  The scallops were wayy too salty.  The halibut was ok, but the puree that came along on the halibut was NOT.  The flavor didn't compliment each other AT ALL.  The rabbit was ok.  It was cooked 3 ways - in some instances slightly bland; and left nothing to be desired.  The veal tongue was the biggest WORSE disappointment.  We got 4 oz of this - which mind you now made this entree $80.  I was expecting some form of perfection.  Instead, this dish is really some steak (which was very very very bad), and then the veal tongue is chopped into tiny eensy pieces served in a bao.  which is like a chinese bun.  So for $80; you ended up eating a bun and some bad steak.  The bun totally took over all the flavors of the tongue. It seem liked a chef's attempt to make a racy meal mainstream; but seriously?  If I cared about that shit, i wouldn't have ordered tongue in the first place.  I WANTED to taste the damn veal tongue. Lastly, we had the  lamb belly entree.  We took a bite and left the rest of the entree on the plate.  It WAS that bad. Dessert & some liquid nitrogen drink they prepared table side afterward was pretty awesome; but after our entrees being the worse part of dinner; we were so ready to leave.  so disappointing.
5	RM Seafood was the last spot that I treated my mom out for dinner before she flew back home.  I've dined here a couple of times already and she wanted good seafood for her last dinner in Vegas, so deciding on RM Seafood was pretty much a no brainer since I already knew what to expect:  Good Seafood, Nice Ambiance, and Excellent Service.Here's what we ordered:California Roll - crab, avocado, cucumber, sesame seedMy mom wanted some simple sushi for her appetizer.Moon n' Doggie - white shrimp, red cabbage slaw, Chipotle toga chips(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=x9trhociZzHaVATNJpVWWg)I saw Chef Rick Moonen make this on Top Chef Masters.  Looked so good on TV that I had to try it.Pacific Halibut with Escarole, White Beans, Chorizo(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=gILDD8RTvR7Mk6ZEZoobzg)This was what my mom ordered.Diver Scallops with Pork Belly and Chicharrons(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=xvIDhBGrMBsTcU-kcdS_Gw)When I saw Pork Belly I was instantly sold.Broccolini - garlic, lemon, chili flakesJust to have some Veggies on the side to balance it all out.The Moon n' Doggie was incredible!  Tell me when was the last time you actually had a White Shrimp hot dog?    It was so good, and the Chipotle chips gave it a nice spicy kick!  I could  have 5 more of those!!The Scallops with Pork belly and Chicharrons was the best thing I ate in Vegas during my last trip.  And if you've been following my recent reviews, you know I ate a lot.  The Scallops were cooked perfectly and actually had a lot of flavor.  And the Pork Belly was amazing!!  Thick, juicy, and tender.  And the Crispy Chicharrons just finished it off nicely and went well with both the Scallops and the Pork Belly.  It's Surf n Turf to the extreme!!!My mom's Halibut looked really good.  She didn't say much.  That was because she was really enjoying her food!Not much to say about the California Roll other than it was really fresh and tasted a lot better than some CA Rolls I've had at other sushi joints.  Same goes for the Broccolini, which was also cooked well.Once again, service at RM Seafood was top notch!  Our waiter George was very energetic, informative, and gave us incredible service.  So far, I've had 3 different waiters at RM Seafood and all of them have delivered!And another plus to this dinner: my $25 restaurant.com coupon!!I have yet to dine upstairs and that's okay because I like the atmosphere of the downstairs restaurant.  Maybe there will come a time where I'll take the plunge and give it a try.  Hopefully in the near future!  Thanks RM Seafood for not letting me down as my Mom loved her last dinner in Vegas!
4	The food here is pretty damn good but its so freakin EXPENSIVE.  $75 for a 14 oz new york strip steak?!  SEriously?!!  Fuckin any newb that orders a steak here deserves to be ripped the fock off.  Ridiculous.  The scallops and cioppino were excellent.  The 16 ice cream tasting test was fun.  The waiter was very enthusiastic the entire night but he kept wanting to give us the answer to the ice cream test  There are 16 flavors lets us try them all you bastard.
1	OVER PRICE!!!!!!!!we order the kitchen sink seafood platter, which is about 300+. I have to say that the display is great! But when you put the food into your mouth. That's terrible! the seafood is not fresh at all, might be died 100years before.
1	Very Overrated on food and on service. Waitress was more concerned with a big tip then providing proper recommendations and providing service.
2	Great  food, but watch out for the specials with outrageous prices. Staff is apparently schooled to push the specials and avoid mentioning the super high prices. Deceptive practices like this ruin the experience.
3	Being the avid fan of Top Chef and Top Chef Masters, I just knew I had to try out Rick Moonen's RM Seafood, especially since I had $200 food/drink credit to the Mandalay Bay. My guests and I debated between Fleur and RM, and well, we went with RM. Having made reservations the night before, we sat down at 7:45, greeted by some friendly and somewhat intimidating workers. Our server for the night was a little aggressive in asking us what we wanted to order, inadvertently pressuring us and hurrying us. 2 of my friends ordered the diver scallops, one friend ordered the halibut, the clam chowder, and I ordered the Cioppino. Each table came standard with some parmesan crisps and cornbread. The cornbread was very tasty, but upon asking for a second helping, our server basically gave us the stink-eye of 'don't even think about asking again'.Each order of the diver scallops came with 4 plump scallops, a piece of chicharron and pureed eggplant. The scallops were cooked perfectly, but it was hard to fill up on 4 scallops. The halibut was served with chorizo, some corn, and some leafy veggies. Like the scallops, the halibut was cooked perfectly. The clam chowder surely had a lot of clams and tasted like a solid chowder should.I think I ordered the winner of the night. The cioppino was a wonderful medley of prawns, squid, mussels, clams and fish in a tasty tomato base, served with two pieces of garlic breadsticks. It was the most plentiful in terms of volume and variety in taste. For dessert, the 4 of us shared a cheesecake. The cheesecake took a while and we were wondering why. Why it took so long? They served it in the form of a ball of cheesecake dipped in a white chocolate shell. Being that 3 of the 4 of us were celebrating our birthdays [3 bdays within 8 days of each other], we thought we'd get a perk or so.. no such luck.3.5 stars: Our server was hard to locate at times and the, although he was nice, but was also kind of pushy and rude attitude, was quite the turn-off. The dinner ended up being $210 - we left satisfied with the flavor and taste of the food, but we were left wanting more. Was it everything we wished for? Quality-wise, yes, but not in volume/quantity. I'm glad I went, but I'm pretty sure that's the last time I'm there.
3	I had the pleasure of staying at Mandalay Bay on my first visit to Las Vegas. RM Seafood is one of several restaurants within the hotel complex. I was pleased with the overall mood and feeling of the place. The atmosphere was classy and simple. Dining at this upscale restaurant comes with a hefty price tag, as I spent $160 on dinner for two (including tip). I did not purchase drinks, but had water for $5.00. For dinner, I ordered the fillet steak with Yukon gold mashed potatoes. My friend ordered the fillet and lobster. The food was tasty, but did not meet my expectations. It was upscale average. For the price, I would expect there to be a distinction in flavor and presentation. I'd visit again perhaps, but not on my tab. I've had better.
5	RM Seafood is one of my favorite restaurants, both in Las Vegas and in general.  My first visit was back in the winter of 2009, but on my recent spring trip to the area, I knew that I just had to return.  The service here is completely fabulous; the waitstaff is knowledge, helpful, and very friendly.  The restaurant is located in a quiet corner on the outskirts of the Mandalay Bay shopping area, so even though the facade opens into this section of the hotel, diners can enjoy their meal with little disturbance.  Separate menus are offered for upstairs and downstairs dining experiences, and sushi options are also available.  The ground level provides a la carte dining, while prix fixe meals are offered on the second floor.  The restaurant boasts a wide array of creative cocktails and top-notch wines.  Your meal will begin with some delicious rolls and flaky cornbread.  These baked goods are just a teaser preparing you for the fabulous meal to come.  In terms of sushi, standouts include the Futo-Fireball Roll - a hefty blend of King crab, avocado, cucumber, and a topping of spicy Artic char and tobiko.  Dollops of sweet kabayaki and tangy wasabi citrus aioli surround the elegantly cut maki and act as prime dipping sauces.  Similarly intriguing is the Ebi-Go Roll, which includes crisp shrimp tempura, jalapeno, avocado, and cilantro.  Slices of fresh tuna are draped across each piece, while jalapeno sauce, kabayaki, and lime add a tart kick.  If you prefer to stick with more traditional entrees, the natural Pacific Halibut floats in a bowl of thin broth seasoned with black garlic and chorizo and infused with flavor from the incorporated cockles and swiss chard.  The side dishes are beyond decadent.  The Mac N' Cheese is as creamy as warmed butter and served in a cast-iron skillet with a crunchy breadcrumb topping.  Chef Moonen's Signature Mashed Potatoes are infused with hefty seasonings like capers, scallions, black pepper, and red onion.  Lastly, enticing desserts like the Chocolate Dome with its warm, gooey center, provide the perfect end to a flavor-packed meal.RM Seafood is a winner and a clear standout among the many dining options in Las Vegas.  After discovering this gem, I was saddened to hear that the original location had been in New York City several years ago, but that it has since closed.  Come back to me, RM NYC!!
5	RM Seafood was one my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, only second to Sage at Aria (but just slightly). My husband and I ended up eating their three times (twice for lunch and once for dinner) and never did it disappoint. The service is impeccable, we were seated with Cliff the first and second times we were there. He obviously knew the menu, came with great suggestions and was willing to work around whatever mood we were in food-wise. I highly recommend asking for him as a server.As for the food itself, the sushi was some of the best I've ever eaten. The rolls were fresh, inventive and super high quality. The soups were phenomenal, particularly the Keri Squash soup. We enjoyed the shrimp buccatini the first time we ate their for lunch, followed by the Diver Scallops and the Cioppino we had a few nights later at dinner. The key lime pie is amazing, almost as good as Kermit's key lime pie in Key West Florida.Yes, the food is pricey, but not anymore then at any restaurant on the strip in Vegas. I'd rather spend my money here and know I'm going to get an excellent meal every time!
5	My husband and I ate here the weekend we got married and I will never forget it! He got a steak that was delicious and bigger than his head, and I got delicious seafood pasta. Our waiter was incredible and recommended to us a fabulous Riesling wine. Our waiter was very timely and had a great personality. The food was very expensive but that weekend it was worth it! It tastes so good.
1	Best seafood restaurant in Vegas? My halliBUTT!!
2	Went to rm while in town for immortal show.  Had the chioppino for$32 which price I expected. I did NOT expect to have the restaurant dining room open to the view and hustle and bustle of the street. The mussels were rubbery and overcooked and the pasta did not have the tender freshness of a homemade pasta. Apparently undercooked. As for the bread the lavish is the best. George my server was dead on with the wine selection. So a plus for service and minuses for food and ambiance of which there was none. And due to price for what was received another minus
5	We came here for a quick, casual dinner after the Michael Jackson Cirque show. Service was fantastic and the food was delicious. Here is what we ordered:Appetizers:-crab cakes-1 dozen oystersEntrees:-ciopinno-bronzinoDessert:-peanut butter chocolate bar-maple cheesecake ballEverything was so good! I especially enjoyed the ciopinno, the broth was amazing. If you feel like (waist-line) splurging definitely order dessert. I will absolutely be back to RM Seafood.
3	Enjoyed the oysters and had some really good calamari with a little kick to it. Their cioppino was tasty but it was more of a seafood pasta than actual cioppino. The highlight of the evening was Rick's Tasting Game, 16 mini scoops of ice cream and sorbet. The object of the game was to guess all the flavors and you get the dessert for free. An impossible feat as we were told, no one has ever won. Overall, RM Seafood's prices are way too expensive for what you're getting.
3	I love Top Chef, so when I saw RM while wandering around the hotels, I definitely wanted to try it out. We got a coupon from one of the ticket stands around Vegas, which gave us a $25 discount or so. From reading the reviews, I got the RM Style "Cioppino", which was probably the most food you could get for your money. The seafood was well-chosen, large pieces that were not over-cooked, which was key. Also tried the scallops- huge, buttery scallops which were cooked to perfection. The seafood is well-done here, and I appreciated that. The atmosphere was okay- they put us on the outside of the restaurant, where all you saw was the escalator and frozen yogurt place across the way. The service was meh, nothing specious. It's expensive, so try to find a coupon before going. It was good, but I feel like I could find equally good food for a better price elsewhere in Vegas.
2	Had dinner on 12/10.  Overpriced.  Pushy waiters, who spend most of their time trying to upsell you.  Discouraged us from ordering sushi for dinner or the chicken... interesting only thing less than $30 on the menu.... Waited over an hour for dinner.  Manager came by and apologized, said it would be only 5 minutes - waited another 15 minutes.  Steaks are mediocre.  Seafood is good but extremely pricey.  Would not recommend and will not go back.. Dinner and apps and drinks for 4 were $550 including tip....
4	We had a great experience at RM Upstairs. If you want to eat here do yourself a favor and head up. The service and food quality will be superior for similar, if a little inflated, cost. The sushi is amazing. They won't provide the sushi menu right upfront but it's worth asking for. The foie gras two ways was to die for and the super-highlight of the meal. The rabbit was cooked perfectly. I didn't think the tartare stood out and the lobster-miso preparation didn't work for me personally but the high points of the meal made up for it. No doubt, this place is spendy but if you're in Vegas treating yourself I think this is definitely a top-tier restaurant worth checking out.
1	1) The food is overpriced for what it is.  By a lot.  2) The mixed drinks are good. But overpriced. 3) No one in my family of 6 enjoyed the entire experience.  You can go here if you want, but there are way better places, that don't cost an arm and a leg. This one is dead to me.Oh yeah, the fish I got was bad, I spent the entire next day (Christmas Day) with the worst food poisoning I've ever had.
2	Total disappointment. We were really looking forward to dinner here. And it's not cheap, so you would expect top-notch, 4 star service and food.  Not at all.  First, we made a reservation the day before. When we arrived, the hostess tried seating us in the bar area.  No, honey... you are mistaken. She told me the dining room was full. YEAH, that's why I made a reservation and you booked it. Nice try.  They moved us to the dining room. The cold seafood platter was okay, but not much to speak of. But two of use ordered the ciopinno and it was the worst ever. WAy overcooked seafood and the bowl was full of pasta!!! Who makes ciopinno with pasta?  And no spoon for drinking the soup/broth.  You pay 4-5 star prices for standard fare. Absurd.
5	I don't even know where to begin with my review. This entire meal was by far the best I have ever had in my life.Here is what we ordered:Appetizers:-Crab CakeEntrees:-9 oz. Beef Filet-Futo-Fireball RollDessert:Peanut Butter S'More and Graham Cracker Ice CreamEverything was fantastic include the Sushi, which was recommended by our waiter. He was dead on that it was the perfect mix of spice and fire. The sushi was great but I definitely think the dessert was my favorite. It was a cake that had a chocolate base, peanut butter pudding, and toasted marshmallow on top. On the side came crush graham crackers with graham cracker ice cream on top along with toasted mini marshmallows. It is an incredible dessert that I never though anybody could image but I am sure glad someone at RM Seafood did. Service was fantastic and our bill was even better since we had a restaurant.com gift certificate.
3	This restaurant has a bit of an identity crisis going on.  I dined downstairs and had a great view of the mall and the football game on their many big-screen tvs, yet the menu is geared more towards fine dining in a brew-pub atmosphere.Overall, my food was mostly very good.  I started with the clams and the serving size for a first course was quite large (I would have preferred half the size).  The broth was perfectly seasoned.  For my main, I had the cioppino, which was also huge.  The seafood was all cooked just right and the pasta was truly special.  There was something about the pasta that gave it an almost nutty flavor, but even though I enjoyed it, I had two different people come by the table to tell me not to eat too much of the pasta because it would fill me up and I should really eat the seafood first.  GO away!My guest had their seafood special, which she enjoyed, but at $70 for that course alone it seemed quite pricey and out-of-place for a dressed up tavern.Our desserts were hit and miss.  The semi-freddo was delicious, but the pb s'mores was weird and that was surprising.  How can you go wrong with chocolate, pb and marshmallows?  However, the marshmallow was gummy and fell off the dessert in one long piece as soon as my fork touched it and the pb layer had an unpleasant mouthfeel.Though my food was mostly good, I think they need to upgrade their interior to make it complement their menu more.
1	There are WAY to many great restaurants in Vegas to accept even a single bad experience, much less a horrible one.We were seated 30 minutes after the reservation and that was the closest thing they came to do something right! Appetizers took almost and hour to show up. how long does it take to boil crab legs anyway????The first of the main course arrived at 9:45. Almost TWO FULL HOURS after we were seated. Some people were done before others even received their food though. Oh and what was finally delivered wasn't right. I had a surf and surf with lobster something that was SUPPOSEDLY King Crab. My portion was minuscule, another person's who ordered the same thing was HUGE. It was really pathetic.The manager came by twice and it still didn't get fixed. We had people who had to leave without eating to go catch a show!!!! The bill was reduced, but at that point the experience had been completely ruined. This place is WAY to expensive to have an experience like we did. Never again..
3	***The lunch at RM Seafood's downstairs dining area is pleasant enough, but it does not make me eager to return anytime soon***RM Seafood is from Top Chef Masters contestant Rick Moonen.  The restaurant is located in Mandalay Place (right next to Mandalay Bay) and features two dining areas--an upstairs dining room for more ambitious fine dining and a downstairs area for more rustic fare.  The downstairs area has a gastropub-like feel.  The look is simple and contemporary with a big focus on lacquered medium-colored woods (the decor is reminiscent of a less dark Houston's or Westside Tavern).RM Seafood's downstairs lunch menu is casual, but there is a wide range of dishes so there is a wide range of prices.  Some of the options include a raw bar, starters, sandwiches, salads, entrees, and soups.I started with the crab cake, which was a blue crab cake that was pan seared.  It was served with a carrot, jicama and cucumber salad as well as a light aioli.  The crab cake was good.  There was a generous portion of crab and it was moist and fresh.  The sear provided some crispiness (no burnt flavor).  A lot of the flavor accents were citrus-like and bright (not too overpowering).  The little salad of carrot, jicama and cucumber was fresh and refreshing.I had the catfish sloppy joe, which was featured (I believe) on The Best Thing I Ever Ate as well as Top Chef Masters (though that sloppy joe was a shrimp version).  The sloppy joe had a standard sloppy joe bun.  I was hoping for a better bun.The mixture definitely had a sloppy joe taste.  In addition to the sweet sauce, the mixture included catfish, peppers and onions.  There were also sliced pickles in the sandwich.  The sandwich tasted fine, but there was not enough catfish.  The mixture was almost entirely made up of peppers and onions.  In the end, the sloppy joe did not feel any more special than any other sloppy joe.The housemade potato chips were good.  They were light and crispy and not too greasy.  They were also nicely seasoned and not salty.For dessert, I went with their peanut butter s'mores.  The dessert was fairly elaborate and consisted of a flourless chocolate cake base topped with a peanut butter caramel-like bar and toasted marshmallow.  The candy bar-esque dessert was garnished with a hot chocolate sauce and a graham cracker ice cream.The dessert was okay and satisfying, but it was nothing memorable.  I did like the many elements (the stretchy peanut butter filling as well as the toasted marshmallow); I also felt the graham cracker ice cream had both a good flavor as well as a creamy and smooth consistency.Service was very good.  My waitress was friendly, polite and attentive.  The food came out at a good pace and the whole staff seemed cheery and personable.Most of the plates were in the $18-$25 price range (the prices would probably be high for most cities, but for The Strip, I guess the prices were not too bad).  The food was filling.I did like the crab cake at RM Seafood, but I felt my entree and dessert were both pleasant but not good enough to make me want to come back.  Rick Moonen served some very elaborate and ambitious food on Top Chef Masters so maybe trying his upstairs dining area will provide a much more rewarding experience.Mandalay Bay and Mandalay Place share a parking structure, which is free (pretty easy to find a space).
4	Great last meal in Vegas. Some oysters, some innovative sushi, and a nice piece of halibut.
5	We went here for lunch.  The dishes that were ordered were, roasted sweet corn soup, clam chowder, lobster roll, and a "surf and surf" dish.The sweet corn soup was a bit sweet for my taste, of course there is the word "sweet" in the name of the dish so that should be assumed.  The razor clams were good.  Clam chowder was OK. The clams were a bit tough.  It had the viscosity that I like, not overly thick.  I really enjoyed the chunks of lardon in the soup.The Lobster roll was good.  Although it was a little heavy on the creme fraiche.   The "Surf and Surf" was not what I had imagined.  It is crab and lobster on a bed of wheat orzo tossed in a beurre blanc sauce.   I guess I didn't pay attention to the "Surf and Surf" in the name of the dish.  What was served was what looked like two huge king  crab segments and a whole cut up lobster.  The orzo with beurre blanc sauce had a very bright lemon flavor to it and cut the richness of the seafood. The service and environment was good considering it was lunch.  The "Surf on Surf" dish was overall the best dish I had for this Vegas trip, regardless of the cost but wow it was big bucks, for a lunch.
3	Average. Really wanted to be more impressed but nothing really stood out. The fish and chips were really good, but not sure if it was worth the price. We got talked into getting the ringo role.. which is basically 4-5 (I forget) pieces of sushi cut roll for $24.. seemed like a huge rip off.I like Moonen, and I like the idea of sustainable food.. I just wish the food was something more. I have no desire to go back with so many other options out there.
4	Ate here for lunch and it was a pleasant surprise.  Usually a Yelp rating of 3.5 stars would make me suspicious of the place but overall I had a really good dining experience.  I ordered the oyster sampler which was really fresh and delicious.  Tried some of the papaya salad which was nice and refreshing.  For the main course I got the "fish and chips" which was really good.  Definitely an interesting take on the traditional fish and chips but it worked really well I thought.  The fish was cooked perfectly and the crispy crust on the fish added a really nice texture to the dish.  To top it all off, our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable.  I had forgotten the names of a couple oysters I ate which I thought were the best of the sampler and he was able to tell me without any problems.  Highly recommended.
1	It just so happens my birthday falls on Valentine's Day. My poor husband... he made reservations here 2 months in advance, knowing that's the night everyone goes out to dinner. Like another review, we didn't get seated until 30 minuets AFTER our reservation time. Completely unacceptable. They also seated us in the last table right by the door to the busing area. Not so great. We finally had a server come by to take our drink order. 15 minutes later we still didn't even have our drinks. After being there for almost an hour and not even having drinks we decided to leave. What a joke. This place is extremely expensive. We weren't willing to pay that much for horrible service. I am sad that we didn't get to enjoy the food everyone raves about, but we weren't willing to put up with that. The worst part... no one even noticed we walked out. Sad!
4	Good food. Portions a bit small. But for an upscale restaurant , it is good. Lots of excellent touches. Service outstanding.
3	I usually try to stop by here every time I am in Vegas. This joint is located in  Mandalay Bay across the way from the House of Blues. I love coming to RM Seafood for some pretty decent dishes along with very good service.In particular, I love the burger and the 16 flavor frozen dessert guessing game. I have not come here for the upstairs dinner, so I cannot comment on that. The sushi is okay, in comparison to other restaurants in the area...not the be all end all of sushi.
1	Took a group of clients there when we were in town recently. I had been there before and had a good meal for a fair price. This time we had a fast talking waiter who ran our bill up to $200/person by constantly suggesting items that were not on the menu. He upgraded everything. We wanted to order a few sushi rolls and he suggested a sushi platter. This worked out to $300 for 6 people when the rolls were all less than $20. We were way over charged. He suggested adding a steak, which was a $95 ribeye. When you are with clients, you can't ask how much everything is.  When the bill came, I was absolutely shocked. I will never eat there again or recommend to anyone.  The manager was of little help in resolving our bill beyond admitting we were unfairly charged for the sushi, he dropped the price a little. When you cheat customers you should do more than that for them.
3	This place was good.... average. A-OK not much more. I wanted to sample a few of his dishes before we went "all in"  The best dish we had was the Kusshi oysters and the littleneck clams.  Ok not much cooking here , but the shellfish presentation, freshness, and mignonette sauce were fantastic.  With that said.... I expect all the raw shellfish as well as sashimi to be extremely fresh (that should be a given) anything less really is unacceptable for any high end place!! . We did try the lobster wrap, a seafood "esciveche"  basically a ceviche, and the clam chowder.  The lobster wrap kinda had a Vietnamese feel to it . The "Esciveche" was like a lighter Ceviche, it was almost kinda plain with a little added from the bell peppers and cucumbers. Now it does sound a little like Japanese sunomono (which they also had on the menu) the clam chowder was a bit disappointing as I really like the creamy New England style. This was something like a creamy bacon stew with a few clams .....too fancy for such a simple classic dish.   I know I am the first person to say that seafood done right is very simple preparation ! However I do feel that sometimes a chef does something  that really enhances the flavors of the seafood.... RM Seafood is not that.  It is good , but it is nothing that warrants these types of prices......stick to the raw bar here (expensive too)
2	Walked out before ordering food. Took 10 min and 4 tries to get glasses of ice water. Waitress didn't acknowledge our difficulties with the situation, ignored our questions and kept talking about the menu. REALLY? It was so irritating that we left and went to our old standby- China Grill.
1	Honestly I can't believe this place is in a Vegas Hotel. I was there July 2011 sorry for the delay. The menu and service are on par with a Red Lobster in an economically deprived area. The menu special was "Surf and Turf"...literally steak and lobster...no imagination nothing...Just a few bland fish dishes. I thought I was getting punk'd with such a cheesy menu. I also learned that Bacon doesn't make everything better...it ruined a miso soup which by definition should be light to sublime not overrun with smoky pig fat and worse there was no warning...I saw someone eating a miso soup and ordered verbally the novicely skilled waiter didn't tell me there was bacon in it.  DId I mention the strongly suggested special was Surf and Turf... Lobster and Steak. About as creative as Red Lobster...Oh yeah I did. A true waste of an important part of the day...dinner especially in Vegas.
5	Fab-u-lous!!I was thrilled we didn't need reservations and could be dressed in casual attire.  It was an upscale yet laid back atmosphere, perfect for us.  We made it for the last 30 minutes of happy hour, which was great since Bud Lights were only $3.  We got the spicy char roll -superb, a little bit sweet and a little bit spicy, yum yum yum.  I got the cobia and my bf got the halibut.  The cobia was exquisite, lobster knuckles in the sauce served over quinioa, so good I wanted to lick the plate.  My bf's halibut was served with a sauce that was light and yet loaded with flavor.  Our favorite part of the dinner was the Rick's tasting game.  So much fun!  I think we got half right, it was harder than I thought it was going to be.  Our waiter said that in the 2 years he's been there only 2 people got them all correct.  Our service was top notch as well, he gave us great suggestions and was a lot of fun.
4	The atmosphere was very up-scale/elegant yet still had a casual and laid-back vibe to it. The waiter was very accommodating when I asked to be seated elsewhere because my original seat was too chilly for my taste (the man-friend also wanted a better view of the TV by the bar to watch the basketball game...). Service was great, the waiter REALLY knew the menu and was so patient with our questions and really took the time to explain each dish. We started off with the edamame, and for a price of over $5, we had a good amount! I'm usually skeptical of places with expensive edamame because they usually give you a dinky amount. I got the Cioppino (spelling is made-up) pasta which is a red-sauce based pasta with all kinds of seafood (hence the title of the restaurant... RM Seafood.) The mussels/clams were DELICIOUS I wish I had more, and the amount of pasta was overwhelming, I could barely finish it and had a LOT of help with the boyfriend. My boyfriend got some kind of fish, I wish I remember the name of it, because it was so good. The fish was soft and flaky and just slid off the fork into your mouth. Only problem was that it wasn't that big of a dish, so my boyfriend was still pretty hungry even after he cleaned his plate. Fortunately my pasta dish was ginormous!My only other issue was the water. They asked what we wanted to drink and we said, "Water." "Okay, do you want unstilled water, perrier, or (insert fancy water names)?" "Uhh.... just water?" I guess we got the unstilled water... for $5!!! Good thing we drank all of that water and then some. I thought water was supposed to be free...Overall, a good experience. I would go back!
4	The bartender is amazing.  The entrees are amazing.  What I did not like was being charged $15 for sashimi that was have the portion and double the price of my local sushi restaurant for quality that was half the quality.  If i am going to be charged that price for sashimi I expect to have the finest fish available.  This was not the case.  The lamb belly is out of this world.  I had the rabbit dish another night, but wish I would have had the rabbit first and the lamb second as nothing compares to the lamb.
4	The restaurant is located between the Mandalay Bay and Luxor restaurant row walkway area, and you can choose between upstairs or downstairs restaurants.  The upstairs is a lot more upscale and fine dining, while the downstairs is more casual but still classy.  They have different menus, but we chose downstairs since it was just my buddy and me and the menu looked more our style anyway.  The menu looked good but a little pricey for 2 guys just looking for dinner, but I had just won a thousand playing blackjack so it wasn't a big deal. My friend had seen Rick Moonen on Top Chef so he suggested eating here after looking around the other restaurants nearby.  The hostess was on the phone and made us wait.  She seemed to give us attitude too instead of apologizing (not that we complained either), but besides her, service was excellent.  The waiter knew the menu well and went through the specials which sounded impressive, he also made some excellent recommendations on the menu.  We ended up ordering the small seafood sampler, which had 6 oysters, a half lobster tail, mussels, shrimp, clams, and the special escabeche.  It was really good!  For our main course I got the red snapper and we ordered the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes.  The mashed potatoes cost $7 and I remember thinking what can they do to mashed potatoes that would make them worth $7? I ordered them anyway because I like mashed potatoes, but it turns out it was pretty amazing.  They added fresh capers, basil and chopped red onion which gave it a whole new dimension in flavor and texture.  It was really good!We sat close to the windows, and apparently there was a concert at the House of Blues, because there was a long line of skimpy dressed young club goers with women in sexy outfits and eye candy hotness.  Made our dinner a lot more entertaining with this constant parade of Vegas party girls slowly moving by.We didn't have enough room for dessert but I'm sure it would have been amazing.  I'd probably come back again if I'm at the Mandalay Bay.  It was expensive but the food was great.  Also I later see they have restaurant.com discount coupons!
1	This place has horrible food... I don't have refined palate one of my favorite places is cheesecake factory and macaroni grill. Just average food. I went to RM Seafood because its gorgeous resturant and we wanted to try fine dining i guess or something a little fancy we were in Vegas. This shouldn't have been the place we got the calamari which was bland gross. Clam Chowder gross watery. Fish and Chips it was good but i felt like i could make that my self. Our server amazing really liked, bartender amazing. Good place for drinks, food was disgusting though.
4	Nice place for a lovely lunch. The food is fabulous.However, it can be very expensive.  When I come to RM Seafood, I like to come with friends and share a few appetizers and then split an entree,  There are a lot of good choices.The location is just out side the Mandalay Bay so it feels like we are outside the casino yet still walking distance back to the room.
4	I've dined at RM Seafood on almost every trip I've taken to LV, yet, I have never been there'd for dinner. Their lunch menu is affordable and the offerings are always enticing to me. Also, I am not sure what others are referring to when they talk about small portions, I'm a big eater and I find the servings to be ample.On our last trip to Vegas, in January, we went by RM before our flight home, again taking advantage of their wonderful lunch menu. We ordered the calamari to start and I decided on the BBQ pulled pork Mac and cheese. I'll tell you now, it is one of my favourites. I can honestly say that I have never ordered something from RM that I didn't enjoy. Every appetizer, every meal has met or surpassed my expectations. I have not yet been for dinner, but on our next trip, dinner, is most certainly, on the menu!
4	RM is pretty good.  I like the way that each dish is balanced in terms of taste and texture.  The clam chowder was done in a unique style that I have never tasted before, but other than that dish, the food was fairly similar to ever other restaurant I have been to.  The service was great, as is the decor.  I would definitely try this restaurant if you have a chance.
5	Heaven! Absolute Heaven! We dined in the "upstairs" restaurant which boast a fine dining look and feel. The service from the beginning was incredibly attentive and as smooth as a orchestrated performance. We had the 7 course chef's tasting menu with the wine pairing for each course. It was a treat for all senses. Each course was artfully composed and masterfully executed to give the most delicate balances of texture, flavor, and visual appeal. My favorites were the Kobe beef course and the dessert of mascarpone cheese cake. The treat to finish was an unexpected surprise of a tea medley cool with liquid nitrogen for the coolest effected a finale. Beautiful!
3	Under seasoned and over priced. Service was spot on and very attentive. The food, although it was plated nicely, was underseasoned. Its amazing what a touch of salt can do but unfortunately for us this pretentious restaurant doesn't even have salt on The table.  It really annoys me that some.high end restaurants don't have salt and pepper on the tables because they think they know how to season. At least a small ramiken of sea salt would be helpful. The 7 course tasting meal progressed well and flavors were well balanced but for the price and portion size I expect everything to be memorable and all I remember is that each dish needed salt except the final savory course.
3	Again, another OKAY experience... (I would've given it 4 stars, but it's overpriced!)First, let me give props to the wait staff because they are very attentive and accommodating. (It was freezing in there, so we asked if they could close the sliding door. They couldn't close it all the way, but we appreciated the fact that they appeased our request by closing it half way - which helped. Damn hotel A/C, ha!)We start off our meal by ordering a dozen fresh oysters. As good as they were, we we're surprised to see how much they were once we got our bill.  $45/dozen - I think not!  That was a bit much! For that price, they should've given us 2 dozen!  Almost cost as much as my filet mignon!With that said, my dish was fabulous! Very simple - the filet over whipped potatoes - cooked to perfection (medium-rare)! We didn't have much conversation over our meal because I was too busy enjoying every bite of that meat.The BF ordered a sushi roll, since they kept advertising that they have the best sushi. (Okay, sure, don't all of them say that?)  I didn't taste his dish because I didn't want it to clash with the yummy goodness going on in my mouth.  He said it was pretty good and the fish was super fresh, so it sounded like he enjoyed his meal too.
4	I had a mixed but very good overall experience downstairs at RM Seafood in Mandalay Place during Restaurant Week.  My Rainbow Roll with a hint of lemon was excellent fresh sushi, and the cornbread that followed was very good.  A Jumbo Lump Crab Cake with fresh Blue Crab, Carrot Salad & Chipotle Aioli was very good, featuring a fair amount of crab--not just filling--and refreshing thin cucumber slices mixed with carrot shavings.  I also enjoyed Rick's White Clam Chowder, which featured a generous amount of quite visible Top Neck Clams, potatoes, and bacon, and was chock full of celery and carrot.  The hot, off-white, and milky soup was interesting and very good.But then some problems began to emerge.  One of my dining companions sent back his entree of Divers Scallops, complaining that they were almost ice cold and contained a bit of sand.  When the second batch arrived, he found them to be warm but still not hot, yet ate them this time.  Meanwhile I noted that my sauteed Pacific Halibut, presented with Fennel Silk, Shaved Apple, and Citrus Ragu', was warm rather than hot.  It was tasty, but half of this entree was soft and moist, and the other half was crisp and dry.  A somewhat unusual outcome! A dessert course of Key Lime Pie made with Swiss Meringue, and presented with sweet Cilantro Syrup, was very good tasting but not as cold as I believe Key Lime Pie should ideally be.  The meringue kisses that topped the large slice were quite nice, and the graham cracker crust perfectly baked.  The few drops of Cilantro Syrup were a nice complement to this dish applied in moderation. as an accent.  I detected just a slight flavor of cilantro, I believe mainly because I knew it would be there.  But the syrup tasted much more like an intense sweetener, and left no impression of a pureed leafy vegetable being placed on my tongue.Seating in leather booths was very comfortable, and service was generally good, but somewhat mixed.  At times Iced Tea refills were delivered without request, and at other times I had to ask for them.  I saw Chef/Owner Rick Moonen inside the restaurant engaged in conversation with two men at the bar, but never got to speak with him.  It is nice to know that he is a "hands on" chef.  And, after the scallops exchange, a manager came over to apologize for the problem, took the item off the bill, and gave my friend a 25% off card for a future meal at the restaurant.This was an exploratory outing, and I experienced enough that I liked to make a return visit, and try out some other seafood offerings at a future date.
3	We stopped here for dinner one night, as it was inbetween the two hotels we were staying at (Luxor and Mandalay Bay.) I kept it simple and went for the ribeye, which was excellent.  We also really enjoyed the spicy mac and cheese with pork and jalapenos. Service was good, but given how expensive it was I'm not sure I'd return.  Our server was also excellent, very knowledgable about the menu and had some good wine suggestions for pairings.
1	Oh wow!! That sucked. Something is very wrong with this place. I dont know if I hit this place at the wrong time or what. But we should expect more from a strip resturant. Nothing was in line... and my time and my money was wasted. Just sad. RM needs to get his shit together.
4	I'll go full disclaimer here and admit that I have no idea what cost what. We ordered as a group and the bill got expensed and I have a feeling that had I paid for this myself, it would have been slightly less delightful. But hey, I didn't and so it was delightful.We came here for a late after dinner bite and closed the place down. Didn't really know what we wanted so we ended with a sampler of oysters, sushi and steak cut to share. The waitstaff was super friendly even when we found ourselves as the last ones in the place. There's a nice "outdoor seating" area so that you can enjoy people watching in the open, but it's still nice and clean and away from the super hubbub of the casino just yards away. The food was all great and fresh and I'd highly recommend it if you're looking for clean, tasty food (and if someone else is paying).
5	We ate upstairs. The lamb dish was amazing, as well as the cobia. The tasting is definitly the way to go. You get a varity of Rick Moonens special creations. Service was spot on. We had the wine pairing as well. We had a show at 8. Server did a great job pacing dinner for 1 hour 45 min tasting. cant wait to come back.
2	We were rushed from the time we sat down, their goal was to get us out as quick as possible, for the price we were not happy with RM Seafood. Continued upsell became uncomfortable.For the price of RM Seafood I would find another place, especially in Vegas. The nosie level and the close seating is not a place to have a conversation with you dinner partner.
4	Me & my fiance really had a great experience, the only thing is that the table next to us received bread. Why did we not get any??? Anyhow the server was very knowledgeable & we will go back.
3	Our review of RM Seafood is mixed, but positive overall. We were seated immediately without a reservation at 7:30 on a Saturday night with a Groupon (don't know what this says about the sales at this restaurant). The Groupon was $46 for $92 worth of food ($36 x 2 for entrees + $20 for drinks). It popped onto Groupon and we grabbed it. Service was first rate. I ordered Diver Scallops and my wife had RM Style Cioppino (mixed seafood plate with pasta). Comes with wine but we had sparkling waters and ice teas. The half-dozen scallops were large and perfectly cooked. I can still remember the first bite I had. There was a wonderful sauce on the plate with eggplant and (strangely) pork-belly.The Cioppino was a problem because the the Calamarata Pasta was chewy and undercooked. Not acceptable at a place like this. The mussels, clams, shrimp and king crab (shelled for you in the kitchen) were tasty. Comes also with a garlic bread basket which they filled. The wait staff was so engaging that we didn't even complain about the pasta (after all we had a Groupon). We tipped 20% on the pre-discount price.Probably won't go again unless a groupon pops back onto the website.
4	Just had drinks here and Calamari.  Best, freshest Calamari i ever had.  Cocktails and service at bar were stellar.
3	Rick Moonen's RM Seafood is located at Mandalay Bay. FYI - We had to go through the THEhotel entrance.The food:The cornbread and cheesy crackers you get as a side are really really good.Cobia (with quinoa, lobster, tomato, seasonal mushrooms): Your normal "simple fish dish". Fish was cooked well, and I really liked the quinoa. No wow factor, but a solid dish.RM style "Cioppino" (calamarata, mussels, clams, king crab, shrimp): A seafood "ratatouille". Definitely better than the cobia. I actually think I ate more of his dish than mine. All in all, I had a good experience, but I'm not sure if the food was worth the price. Not sure if I would go again.
2	What happened to the energy?  I've always loved the upscale, contemporary ambiance of RM with its friendly, high octane, animated bar tenders and chic but  friendly servers.  Its faded.  (Read my 2009 review and you will understand).Many additional visits over the years since my original review and I've realized my go to dishes are things that are not cooked.  Huh?Sad but true, I only long for the oyster tasting at RM.  Is the food that bad?  No.  The seafood is always fresh and properly cooked.  It's just boring.  A third of the menu is raw bar, another third soups and salads.  It doesn't leave much else for exciting mains.Gone from the menu is the phenomenal fish sandwich.  Gone is the outstanding branzino.  What happened to the creativity that made their sushi rolls great?  Forget about creativity, crunchy, under cooked rice.  Tiny slices of fish.  Avant garde sushi?  Not for me.Finally, I'm so over trying to figure out when the second floor lounge and restaurant are open.  It's not an urban legend.  I've actually been there twice but lately it's always been closed for some reason or another.Great memories here but nostalgia alone cannot justify repeat visits when there are so many other choices in Vegas.
4	Had dinner here while on a trip to las Vegas.  Great food the roasted octopus was awesome!  A bit pricy but what do you expect from Las Vegas and the Mandalay bay Casino Resort.
5	Incredible food creations and warm service.I had the tasting menu upstairs and was completely satisfied.Rick Moonen is an Amazing Chef.
5	I'm not a seafood eater but my wife loves it, so we decided to drop by for lunch the other day and we had a great time.Great food and service (our waiter Cliff was really friendly and knowledgeable).My wife ordered oysters and a lobster roll and she loved them!  I can't speak from personal experience with the seafood, like I said--I'm not a seafood guy.  :)As for me, I ordered the chicken wrap and it was delicious!  Great flavors and great balance of flavors, really showcased the chicken without overpowering it.It's also very cool that Rick Moonen himself still cooks there.  Lots of other restaurants by celebrity chefs on the Vegas Strip have a celeb chef attached to it, but they don't actually cook there.  Actually, RM Seafood is the only one I can think of that has the same chef on the sign and in the kitchen.Definitely going back next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I may or may not have multiple personality disorder. In certain groups of friends, I am the loud bossy one; in others, I would be considered the nice accommodating one. So when one of my gfs suggested RM Seafood for one of our dinners in Vegas, I bit my tongue and resisted blurting out "Seafood in the desert?!" but I was definitely thinking it.I ordered the Andraki Salad and upon recommendation of our server, the Diver Scallops with Pork Belly, Eggplant, and Chicharrones. Both were nicely plated. The salad was quite good with a bit of spice. The scallops, however, were fair at best and definitely looked a lot better than they tasted. The pork belly was not hot enough, and IMHO fat needs to be hot! ;) I did try some of my gf's Moonen's Mash, which was basically mashed potatoes. It was all right but nothing special, and the entire meal just served as insurance from getting overly drunk before the evening's activities. I had a glass of wine, while my gfs had cocktails. One of them raved about her dirty martini, and they may very well have given a much higher rating than I did. Our server was pleasant and offered up many suggestions on where to find male strippers (haha) but overall, I know there are much better dining options to be found at this price point on the Strip (all puns intended).
3	Top chef Rick Moonen...BFD...Sick of these top chef guys whose restaurants and food are okay but nothing to remember.Portions were ridiculously small, especially compared to the price.  The whole sustainable seafood mantra is really retarded, given there really isn't much seafood that is going to be sustainable with the growing population/demand.  A bunch of hot air really.That said, our $40.00 entrees were served in bowls, presumable to hide how small the portions really are.  Kingcrab wasn't good, kinda mushy, with an ammonia taste and smell.  Black cod wasn't that great either.  I would have to say the best items was the wedge salad, which is a sad commentary.  Waiter was great and superhot hostess was helpful and attentive.  Won't go back!
1	I'm so upset to have to rate this restaurant so low and it is all because of management. What could of been an excellent dining experience was ruined by the goons they have as management. There are a lot of restaurants that treat their employees like crap even when those said employees are very pleasant to the guests. It's another whole different thing when they bully and derate their staff in front of customers, especially customers that are paying a hefty price for their meal. I don't need to see that or hear managements grievances with their employees. The reason we go out is to enjoy our meal in a pleasant and relaxed atmosphere,  this was not.The evening started with a chef ( I am guessing ) yelling at the bartender that was showing me to the restroom, yes in front of me!! No regards for a guest feeling uncomfortable, I guess how he felt or what he needed to air out was more important then a guest's dining experience. I decided to forget about it and just enjoy my evening. We had the grilled octopus that was lovely and the wagyu tartare!! There were few interruptions to our meal with management coming to the bar looking irate and speaking to our bartender about one thing or another and it was obviously upsetting our bartender getting yelled at from time to time in front of us.We ordered the lobster that was overcooked but the sweet corn flan was delicious that came with it. At this point 2 different managers that looked like 2 different versions of The Incredible Hulk came behind the bar and were yelling at her ( the bartender),. She told us they were sending her downstairs because it was busy.  She returns and it seems like her and management are having some kind of altercation.  ( again in front of us) She begins to cry  and told us they sent her home. So we decided to get our check and leave although we were going to order more food. We really wanted to pay her for our tab so we can tip her but it seemed like she had to leave now!!  We finally get her over there to take her tip money before she leaves.  Horrible experience!! One of the managers said he was going to take care of us for the rest of the night. By this time we were so disgusted with their unprofessional behavior that we wanted to leave and never return and we told him  that as well.  He proceeded to say that she should have not behaved like that. I am sorry you are a manager, you should not behave like that! You should have the tact and professionalism that your tittle implies. Instead you have no regard for your guest and their experience!! You have a problem with your employee take care of it behind closed doors, not while I am eating my $70.00 dollar lobster!! This was a very slow evening on top of it and they have 2 unprofessional managers on?? That's a joke. The worst dining experience I have had in a long time!! if ever! Later I speak to others that witnessed the same kind of behavior in the past. I don't believe a place like this should be supported by anyone!! Especially if you work in the industry!
4	Delish fish. Had the Cobia and sampled my dinner date's Cioppino, shared the oyster sampler and modified California roll and then played the 16 tastes of ice cream and sorbet game.  The oyster sampler had a nice and clean taste. The Cioppino was full of gigantic seafood- shrimp, clams, mussels and fish pieces. Everything was fresh tasting and the tomato sauce was nice and light. The Cobia, a mildly flaky light fish was delicious with the flavorful lobster quinoa. The deep fried California roll with spicy Arctic Char (raw) on top was worth it since the roll had real king crab, not krab meat made of pollack fish with crab color painted on top. And the Arctic Char was tasty like salmon but lighter in density. The 16 tastes of ice cream and sorbet was fun and yummy. Thought we'd ace the taste test, but only got 5-6 correct! No free dessert since we failed the test. Only 2 people/parties were able to ever get all 16 correct. Service was great, but got slow as the restaurant filled up.
3	The food was very good but expensive so with a Groupon it was reasonable but probably not worth the top $ with the more casual atmosphere. I don't like the open air/casino restaurants and the carafe of wine with the groupon was 2 glasses, they should just state that. We had very good service and both the Cioppino and my husbands Turbo were excellent. I had a watercress salad that was fresh and delicious but hardly worth $15 and my husband had very good clam chowder.  It wasn't very busy and with the Groupon out, I'm thinking RM is possibly on it's way out the door at some point so if you want to try it, I suggest getting over there sooner vs. later....
4	YEEEEAOOW!yesterday I had lunch at RM SEAFOOD. let me just say i am a fan. Chef Rick Moonen is the business! very creative & unique menu.lets get the formalities out of the way..the hostess (and i use that term loosely) is BELOW AVERAGE and should probably be reassigned to rolling silverware in the back of the house. However my waiter JOESPH was awesome & recovered for the poor greeting. After consulting with Joesph, I ordered the Clam chowder & the EKG burger.  YUMMY..the chowder is a meal in itself with THICK pieces of bacon & potatoes in every bite. & the EKG burger was delish... topped off with cheddar & pulled pork mac n cheese. on my next visit i think I will split the burger..its HUGE.
5	This is my second visit to the Rick Mooney's flagship restaurant.  Last year we had the best meal upstairs and this time ended up downstairs after a very patient and understanding staff relocated us from upstairs  to downstairs as we had party members not too keen on the upstairs menu.Downstairs is more on the relaxed side of things but it is the same kitchen, many of the same items, and a slightly smaller price tag.  We have been eating out a lot lately so I opted for the clam chowder and the appetizer blue crab cake.  The chowder was excellent with large whole clams and an enjoyable flavor slightly less creamy than most chowders.  The crab cake was also excellent in flavor and the right consistency.  I also sampled my wife's  Prawn and lobster special (Surf and Surf) which I thought was the best dish at the table.    The smokey corn flavor added pizzazz to this dish.Service, excellent!  Thank you to the staff for accomodating picky eaters with lots of questions and the desire to move from upstairs to downstairs without blinking an eye. And keeping my water glass full is always a challenge but I never had an empty glass.Normally the price knocks a star off but this place delivers downstairs price worthy cuisine.Bon Appetit.
5	I was not disappointed again. This was my third time eating at rm seafood but the first time eating upstairs off the pricier menu. Everything was amazing and the service was wonderful. All the add-ons were expensive and we weren't told of the price- perhaps that would be tacky to ask?- so we were a little surprised when the bill came but worth every penny. Chef Rick adheres to the Monterey Bay Aquarium's Seafood Watch guide and it is so nice to be able to order anything off the menu and not have to worry about whether or not is is sustainable. I have dreams of this food and currently salivating over the pasta with black truffle oil. If only I lived closer and Las Vegas was cheaper....
5	The food and the table service was fantastic.  Absolutely top notch.  The hostess desk though was understaffed and the hostess had some attitude.  Fortunately, everything else made up for it.
5	I must start out by letting everyone know that I do have a little crush on Rick Moonen.  Having said that, I am intelligent enough to separate my lusty emotions and dining experiences.  Regardless of what I think about Rick Moonen, I have eaten here three times and had wonderful times. However, I have only eaten downstairs.  I can't review anything for upstairs.One thing I love about Rick Moonen is that he will never use seafood that is not sustainable.  You won't find certain types of fish on his menu- (Chilean Seabass, Orange Roughy...) I highly respect someone who is environmentally conscious and sticks to his standards.The servers are very knowledgeable, and willing to spend time discussing dishes and recommendations.  I am a huge fan of the scallops, and the surf and turf roll (lavender honey drizzle? YUMMY!)And unlike many other places that just stamp a chef's name on it but you never see them...Moonen is there all the time!! He sat down at our table and chatted with us for a bit.  He signed his cookbook for me, and took pics with us.  He's a wonderful chef with great morals and standards.We go there for special occasions.  Love it.  Sometimes there are Groupons or Restaurant.com things for it!
4	This is a 3 1/2 star experience rounded up. I always find it very hard to determine if I really like RM Seafood or not. When I look back at the meals I've had there it has been hit or miss on every occasion. Inconsistency is the key word at RM. On this most recent occasion, we had a Groupon we came to redeem. My fella had never been here before so he was looking forward to trying them out. We started with some cocktails and their bread basket. The bread is nothing spectacular, although it is tasty and filling. I decided to order the diver scallops, while my fella settled on the surf & surf, which is lobster and prawns over orzo pasta. We also shared some broccolini. I was very fond of my fella's meal. He definitely won the ordering challenge for the evening. The prawns were enormous and meaty and the lobster was tasty as well. I liked how the orzo balanced out the dish and added perfect contrast. On the other hand, I wasn't as enamored with my scallops as I was the surf & surf. Not as substantial and not as tasty. Overall, we had a good experience, but that's not always the case. Just be ready for it to vary from visit to visit.
1	Atmosphere was the only thing positive about the night.....service was barely adequate, the seafood (king crab and lobster) was marginal.....I've had fresher seafood at Skippers....Hey Rick, when you serve seafood to people from the Pacific Northwest you best be on your "A" game. You failed miserably, next time I'll just order a shrimp pizza from Little Cesars....and save $280.00!maybe thats why it's in the basement.....come to Portland or Seattle and learn all about "good , fresh seafood"
4	Rick Moonen was so fun to watch on Top Chef Masters so it was a treat to dine at his Vegas establishment - RM Seafood in Mandalay Bay.  One thing I liked about its location is that it wasn't inside the casino (and therefore there was natural light!) but located in the corridor between the attached mall and the casino.  We sat on the "patio" (It is literally outside of the restaurant but indoors...confusing? Yes but go w/ it). We came here for a quick and lighter lunch on a Sunday.Let's get to what's important - the food!  One may think seafood - run of the mill fish, raw bar, etc (that was what I was thinking) but to the contrary - very creative and modern takes on classics.  We started with the Crab Cake and it was practically 100% lump crab. Hardly any filler and things to keep it together. Very moist, beautiful golden char. The little carrot salad on the side was pickley and crunchy! Delicious starter!Hubs ordered the Fish in Chips and I I ordered the Lobster Rolls.  Me: "Fish in Chips? What does that mean?" I assumed a run of the mill battered white fish with fries on the side. TO MY SURPRISE IT WAS NO SUCH THING!!!! It was a beautiful presentation of turbot crusted with potato chips and fried to a golden brown!  I did a double take as I couldn't believe that is what was ordered!  It was truly a creative take on Fish & Chips!  My lobster roll also did not disappoint. The lobster was lightly dressed in mayo and I could taste the freshness and natural taste of the Maine lobster.  With one order, there are two rolls and it was certainly the best lobster roll I have had (and I have had some tasty ones in Boston).For dessert, we ordered the Decadent Chocolate (chocolate brioche bread pudding, chocolate raspberry mousse and chocolate ice cream) - a true Chocolate Lovers delight (Hubs loved it...I am not really a fan of chocolate).  Licked the bowl clean!Overall, really great meal that was satisfying and didn't leave me uncomfortably full.  Other Yelpers mentioned that the staff are attentive and knowledgeable which was also the same with our dining experience. Note that the downstairs is less expensive than the upstairs dining. Lunch is only served downstairs.
1	What a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  I took my BF here for his birthday dinner.  We wanted a very formal dining experience, so we had made a reservation at RM Upstairs.  We arrived about 10 minutes early for our 8pm reservation and was seated immediately, and we were greeted timely by a waiter who took our drink orders.  After waiting a while for our drinks, we were ready to place our dinner order, which we did.We wanted to start with the Seafood tower and the baby octopus.  We were asked if we would like to have these items together or separately, so we told them we would like them together....only to be told that they come from separate kitchens, so they may not arrive together....so what was the point of asking if we want them together?  We ordered our entrees - I ordered the Scallops and he ordered the Arctic Char - he was really excited about ordering this dish.  He had scoped out the menu before we got to Vegas and he knew what he was ordering before we sat down for our dinner.Our Seafood Tower arrived and everything was fresh and delicious.  Then we sat and sat and sat and waited for our octopus dish to arrive.  Then we sat some more....when finally our tiny little octopus dish arrived.  We devoured the dish since it was so tiny, but i t was definitely tasty.Then we waited......and waited.....and waited.  We actually saw a guy sitting in a booth by himself having the 7 course pre-fix, and he was literally falling asleep and nodding off in between courses...I guess we weren't the only ones WAITING!!  We also totally felt ignored by this point and the place wasn't even busy!!About 2 hours after we were seated, the waiter brought us our entrees.  My scallops looked great, then I looked at my BF's dish.....salmon???  He told the waiter that he did not order salmon, and the waiter's response was....we don't have Arctic Char tonight and we're substituting it with salmon....WTF???  My BF was trying to keep his cool and told the waiter that he was not told of this substitution.  The waiter told him to please wait and he'll talk to the manager.  About 5 minutes later, he arrived and told my BF that he can choose something else from the menu and he'll have the chef prepare it right away.  In the meantime, I also returned my scallops because I was not going to eat them by myself.  I asked the waiter nicely to please serve our entrees together.Another 15-20 minutes passed, and the waiter finally brought out our entrees.  By this time, with no apology from the manager or anything, we were fuming!  Our whole dining experience was ruined and we honestly didn't feel like eating anymore.  My scallops were not fresh anymore...I think they had it sitting under the heating lamp all this time while they worked on my BF's new dish, and just re-served it to me.  It was not hot and kinda gummy by the time I got it the second time around.We told the waiter that we just want our check and leave.  Then the manager shows up and asks us what's the problem.  We told him the whole story of the long waiting, not getting our appetizers together, wrong entree (or not being informed of the change in the menu), slow service, etc. etc. etc.....and told him we were really disappointed in our meal and our special occasion was pretty much ruined, so we would like our check and leave.  Then he asked how can he make it up to us....don't you think that's a tad bit late for asking that?  He said he would take care of us and asked us to order dessert but we just simply refused.  It was almost 10:30pm and we wanted to get out of there.  Then he sends another waiter with some petit fours with "happy birthday" written in chocolate sauce and some tea service and that waiter told us there will not be a bill and just walked away.We felt really uncomfortable and uneasy about not having to pay for at least the appetizers that we consumed, but once that last waiter walked away, no one came back to our table.  No waitstaff, including the manager even looked our way after that.  So we left what we would have originally left as a tip for our $200+ dinner on the table and left feeling very uncomfortable.  We just wanted a nice dinner out and we weren't trying to get over on anyone by not paying.....we go out to wonderful restaurants all the time for the food and experience, and this was the first time ever that we left what was supposed to be great restaurant by a fantastic chef feeling so very disappointed by the overall experience.  We actually had another reservation at RM Seafood Downstairs for the following Sunday, but we called and cancelled our reservation.....there was no way we were going back there again.
4	I got the lobster and prawn dinner. It was fantastic. I can't believe I'm going to say this but I actually liked the prawn better than the lobster. It was so good. The vegetables we got on the side were really tasty too. Can't say I enjoyed my girl's meal as much, but it was ok.
1	The food was delivered late and cold. Extremely disappointing? they did not have enough staff to serve us and tend to us in a proper. With a meal in excess you expect much more
4	I purchased a Groupon ($45 for two dinner entrees and a 12oz carafe of wine) for this place and decided it give it a try.  We arrived on a Monday night without reservations, and were promptly seated.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I ordered the Cioppino, and my sweetie had the Diver Scallops. My Cioppino was delicious!  Lots of seafood, and the pasta was perfectly al dente. The Diver Scallops were wonderful and super tender. Overall: good food, good service. Thanks Groupon!
5	We ate downstairs.  We were using a Groupon and tried to stay close to what that provided.  We did add a clam chowder and a side dish.  Loved the chance to try some different seafood you don't see every day.  My wife had the Cobia and I had the Turbot.  The classic mac 'n cheese for a side.  We both were extremely pleased with everything.  The soup was very refined and delicate.  The fish was perfectly cooked with complex flavors and textures and beautifully presented.  The mac 'n cheese was a very generous portion, had a great crust and was oh so good.  The service was perfect and the wait staff very knowledgeable.  The carafe provided two glasses of wine and went very well with the fish.  The bread basket was very good and included corn bread and cracker bread.
1	This place sucks.  Maybe our meal was cursed since we ate there on Fri. 13th.  We came for an early dinner, most of the dining room was empty yet someone thought it was a good idea to sit us outside?  Ordered the Calamari for an appetizer and it looked thrown together and improperly cooked.  The presentation was horrible, it looked like a tomato explosion with some Calamari on top.  The batter was still soggy and pieces were sticking together.  We also got the Albacore Tataki, something on the description about it with jalapeno sold us on it.....but when it came out all it had was some jalapeno julienne'd and off to the side.  The Albacore was over-seared and tough.  I ordered something with Kobe beef and I pronounced it Ko-Beh like it's supposed to be, and our server actually had the gaul and said "Oh you mean Ko-Beeee".  Actually, no I wasn't talking about Number 8 on the La Lakers, I was talking about the food.  Imagine a cocky, pompous ass, who now has the opportunity to work for a Signature Restaurant.  That describes our server in a nutshell. The rest of the meal was forgettable.
4	This is a special restaurant for us since our first date was here. We have dined at upstairs as well as downstairs and we've always had good experience. Personally, their home made fish roe butter that they use upstairs is my favorite. They even brought us the butter for us from the upstairs when I was wondering if I could buy them. Of course, their seafood is excellent. Great combination of quality seafood and original preperation. I really enjoyed the scallop with pork belly that I had last time. I added foie gras on top of it and it was delicious. I always enjoy going back there but I decided to give them four stars since desserts are just okay.
5	Any type of fish here is always incrdible.  Groupon has some great specials here so keep an eye out for good deals.RM is expensive- but well worth it!
4	We ate in the downstairs dining room. NOTE: My 4 stars are only for the dishes I ordered and ate. I tried my friend's scallop with porkbelly dish and it was rubbery, overcooked with the pork slightly burn. I'd rate that dish as 1 star.I tried an Oyster Sampler with my friend and it was painfully delicious. For this season, they plated 3 pacific oysters from Washington and California. The one from California was the size of my thumb and I was like "I got jipped! What's this baby oyster crap?!" But when I ate him, I was mind blown. This little guy had extremely subtle mother loving flavor that blew the other 2, which were great competitors, out of the water! All 3 items were extremely fresh, slid down my throat without a fight, and no fishy aftertaste (that's what he said!). Then, we ate Heirloom Tomato Salad and highly recommend it. The sweetness of the tomatoes were well accompanied by the silky burrata with hints of saltiness. This dish was so fresh that I actually felt healthy afterwards.Lastly, I topped off my meal with Nigiri. Note: there are 2 sushi/sashimi menus; #1 is the "Pristine offerings" (AKA regular normal nigiri) and #2 is the "RM." I had the RM salmon belly, RM uni, albacore, and scallop. I can't stop saying fresh, but it was fresh! I liked everything but one thing I'll complain about is the dehydrated strawberry on the RM uni. Mm, I thought I was eating the strawberry from Kellog's special K. So yeah, I didn't appreciate the texture and the tartness it was suppose to supply to the uni. I definitely appreciated the bit of jalapeno in the RM uni though. Nice touch! I'd definitely come back for a sushi fix and to try the upstairs menu!
2	I had a very similar experience to Yelper, Yukie P.I dined there Saturday, July 28th. I opted for the Upstairs dining since the host said it's more intimate/romantic and that we can get both the Upstairs AND downstairs menu there.I had reservations for 7pm & the hostess told us that there are 2 ppl ahead of us so we had the option of waiting at the lobby or the bar. My bf and I sat at the bar, with 2 other couples there. We asked the bartender for a drink menu. About 10 or so minutes later, she still has not given us the drink menu & she could probably tell we were looking at her bored, waiting. She then told us, "Sorry, we only have ONE menu for the bar and the other couple is still looking at it." By the time we got the menu and ready to order our drinks (a whole 15 minutes fiasco), the hostess told us our table was ready so we didnt end up with a frikken drink at the bar!!! STRIKE ONE!!!We sat by the dining area, which reminded me of a cruise ship dining room. We had about 4 men assisting us so we didnt even know who was our official waiter.Even though we had 4 ppl assisting, service was slow! By the time we got our appetitzer and drinks...it turned to 8pm already! We got the calamari, btw, which was actually delicious.The man who actually took our order was not the waiters that introduced themselves, but whom we think is the manager, since he was wearing a black suit jacket and ordering staff around.I asked for the Downstairs menu and they gave my bf and I a menu each. My BF noticed that the menu that  he has looked a little different from mine. One of the entrees had Arctic Char while the other one had Sockeye.When the manager took our orders, he didnt seem fazed when my bf ordered the Arctic Char. I ordered the Cioppino. By the time our order had arrived, the staff placed our food on table and said to my bf , "Here's your salmon". My bf looked at his food and he said it wasnt Arctic Char. He brought it to the attention to the waiter (not manager).The waiter then stated "We no longer serve Arctic Char so they prepared the Sockeye for you instead, but had the same ingredients from the Arctic Char." I could tell my bf was angry but he kept his cool. He told them this wasnt what he ordered so he asked for Halibut instead. Why didnt the manager tell us that they are no longer serving Arctic Char?? For someone running the place, I would think you would know your own menu!!! STRIKE TWO!!!I dont understand why they would prepare something that's not available instead of asking the customer if they would prefer it instead!!! I was really upset that I had to eat the Cioppino all by myself...i tried to eat slow (getting cold), while we waited for my bf's halibut. STRIKE THREE!!!I felt the service we had really ruined our date....eating food by myself...having the wrong menus....giving us food we didnt ask for.....long wait at the bar..I read Yelp reviews hoping for a better service but honestly.....I'm there with the majority!!!
5	I went to try the catfish slippy joe.  To start, I had the clam chowder.  This was very herby, and had clam juice on the top.  Needs pepper, which comes in the form of fresh ground pepper from your server.  Get it.  I loved it, but could have used more bits of clam and bacon.  Then again, what dish couldn't?The catfish sloppy joe was unreal.  The bun is soft and toasted, but holds up well.  This is an eat with a fork type sandwich.  It comes with homemade potato chips and a pickle for $15.  I feel like this is highway robbery this sandwich is so good.  Considering it's a name place on the strip, it could be twice as much.  The sloppy joe consists of large pieces of meat, peppers, onions, and a BBQ type sauce.  I would have gladly eaten another one right after I had this one, it was that good.  Will definitely return.Service was slightly overbearing, but friendly.  I have certainly had much worse, and at least he was nice about it.
4	Salmon was amazing, scallops with pork belly delish and the surf and surf pasta with shrimp and lobster was good.  Service by waiter Robert was excellent!  My drink was never empty because the waitstaff was very attentive.  Ambience is similar to a ny city restaurant.  Chef Rick moonen was walking the floor and being personal with guests, which definitely makes this restaurant a great diners experience!
4	Well, I WAS going to wait until I had a minute to write a detailed review, worthy of my experience at RM, but Yelp's automated messages are bullying me into writing a review now, lol. I went in with a groupon and the service and food were both great! The salmon we had was delicious! The staff (waitress,  managers) came around plenty of times (but not too many where its interruptive or annoying) to check on us, and see if we needed anything. Great groupon, will be back on another nigh we are in Las Vegas.
4	Went for happy hour on a saturday.  The menu at happy hour is under-whelming.  They have very few sushi items, basically only bud, and a few very simple drinks on the happy hour menu.  That being said, the sushi was still excellent.  Fish was fresh and light.  Only to be outdone by the OG JDM sushi spots.We were there on off hours - the service was less than spectacular.  There was apparently a new general manager meeting when we were there (which included seeing Rick), but if the restaurant is still open, the service should still be there.  It was not.Four stars because the food was great as were the sushi chefs.  The remainder of the experience was two star.
4	I'm not a big eater of seafood, but this restaurant may have changed that!  Phenomenal. Try the scallops and pork belly!
5	Yummy yummy yummy in my Tum Tum tummy!  Beware of the Mac and cheese with black truffles!  Not quite worth the $35! Otherwise, some of the best food I've ever had. I recommend the diver scallops with pork belly.
4	Had the tasting menu with wine pairing.  Every dish was great but the lobster.  It was a little chewy.  Rick may be the best seafood chef in America.  My only complaint was that the experience ended too soon.
5	Disappointed by a warm room and no table having been reserved for us we decided to leave after 10 minutes, but the manager, Bill, persuaded us to stay and spared no effort: we were glad we did.  This was our best dinner in Vegas.  Yum Pretzel bread.  Stimulating ginger and  rum cocktail and careful preparation of Gypsy and Martini.  Delightful bouche-amuse lily plate of creamed eggplant salad; best Cioppino for a long time, M had best FG, one seared, one mousse, as well as divers scallops with pork-belly;  refreshing rum-pineapple-coconut upside down and chocolate truffle desserts with paired champagne and tawny port.  Many extra touches and care to make you feel special
5	Went for dinner on our wedding anniversary and it was truly an unforgettable dining experience.  We were seated immediately.  Beautiful decor, intimate and quite romantic.  Major and the staff were very attentive and knowledgeable.  We opted for the pre-fixed 7 course dinner.  Each dish from beginning to end was an explosion of flavor and truly a stimulating of our senses as each dish was presented to us to dine.The taramasalata started the night and we were in for a spectacular experience.  The seared tuna with curried lentils seemed strange at first, but after the 1st bite, it made sense.  The tuna was seared perfectly and the lentils added a crunch and the bacon foam elavated the dish to another level.  The octopus with the foie gras mousse and the crunch of the hazelnuts was truly amazing.  I could really taste the "sea" with each bite of the octopus.  It was soft and not tough at all.  The cobia was succulent, sweet, and cooked perfectly.  The scallops with the pork confit...mind blowing flavors. The dessert...wow...such imagination.  Then, to top off the night...the innovative and interactive centerpiece.  Major did a wonderful job of wowing us and it was such a superb treat to dine in an exceptional restaurant.  The only thing missing was seeing Rick.
5	RM definitely impressed me. All around, our experience was fantastic from food to service. I would have to start this review off by discussing out waiter. He came up to our table to tell us about the specials (mind you, I don't think we even had menus, or at least, we hadn't opened them) and he starts to rattle them off like this "Ma'am, (to my wife) for you I recommend the seafood risotto served blah blah blah, scallops, blah, muscles, blah, with a side of king crab legs...and for you sir (to me), I am feeling the steak, the tomahawk ribeye served blah blah with a side of blah. You two with me?" (the blahs in aforementioned were really descriptions I don't recall, he didn't really say blah)Now, this could have seemed presumptuous and arrogant, but he hit my wife and I, SPOT-ON. He had no idea I don't eat seafood, yet recommended the steak, and my favorite cut too!  And he hit my wife with the perfect seafood dish that had everything she wanted without anything she couldn't eat. Ok, this guy had us dialed in. Very impressive. He swung for a grand slam...and had we not loved those choices, we would have kicked him to the curb and I would have said this guy was rude and arrogant...but instead, he nailed it and we let him choose out meal without even looking at the menu. Needless to say, the food rocked and we loved every bite. Super fresh, excellently prepared and served perfectly. Service, like I said, was an unforgettable experience. It could have been perceived as super arrogant, but this guy was like a mind reader, a clairvoyant. A once in a million chance. I just can't see that happening every time, but for me, it was great. Ambiance: the restaurant was nice...not pretentious, just modern decor, comfortable, and inviting.
5	Top of the line service! (Even with Groupon!) Wonderful A+ Oysters!The specials! WOW! UNBELIEVABLE FOOD! A++ Great food, magnificant service and fabulous deal! 5 stars!
4	Sustainable fish!  They have creative dishes at a good price point!  Moonen's Mash is a fantastic side!  I always feel like I am getting my money's worth at RM.  I love that they are sustainably minded.  I love the quality of fish.  I love the innovative twists throughout the fish menu...so many welcome subtleties of flavor combinations.  I wish they had a better selection of moderate - lower priced wines.  I always feel like the servers are trying too hard to be something greater and nicer than they are at RM.
3	We went here for lunch because I saw the catfish sloppy joe on TV. It was pretty good, but not memorable. My wife got the fish tacos, that were tasty but needed more sauce. The double shell makes them a little dry. I wouldn't go here for dinner due to the prices. There is no way they could put out food that tastes 50-100% better than other great seafood places on the strip, so I won't pay that much more to eat here
3	So disappointing, I had wanted to have lunch here for a while and when we finally went we were totally underwhelmed. I'd like to give it a 2-star review, but Mr R really did enjoy his Lobster Rolls, so 3-stars it is.We had uncomfortable service. Our waiter was extremely blunt about what he likes and doesn't like on the menu and shared some odd personal stories while serving us. It was fine, but just kind of different.We weren't starving, so we just ordered our entrees and I had the Halibut and Mr R had the lobster rolls. The halibut was a la carte so I asked about any sides and he recommended spinach or mashed potatoes - he said they all come family style and I wasn't hungry enough to order them, so I passed.  Mr R's lobster roll came with fries, so we shared those.He loved his lobster roll and the bread was soft and buttered. So good!My halibut was boring and cold.  I ate it and it was fine, but considering this was a restaurant we had scoped out since our last Vegas trip, it was kind of a let down.
5	we had wonderful dinning experience.we had wanted to try the place last time we were in vegas but did not. this time, i got a groupon voucher a months before the trip so we went for it.it was real great.we started  with a sushi plate of 3 specially rolls that were very good, great size and fish/filling ratio and very tasty. perhaps a touch overly priced at about $20-25 a roll!for main we had the chopino which is this sea food stew with pasta which was to die for....extrimly tasty and one of the nicest things i had all trip that included many stops and all top chefs restaurants. the 2nd main dish halibut which was a touch cold and a little over cooked but was still tasty.few cold beers, great service and a bill of $120 or so was very very memorable and affordable once we took advantage of the groupon rebatewill come back for sure to have more great sushi next time we are in town (but you do need to adjust your pricing on those rolls!)
5	First indulgent experience. During one of or many Vegas experiences by BF and I started to veer towards spending more on food rather than on drinks at the club. We were sent there by Cheese Monger at Morrell's. Our first experience was outstanding. While I am a food lover, we were joined by friends for the Chef's tasting menu at RM Upstairs, not cheap, but oh so delicious and unforgettable. We were a young group (maybe 10 years younger than the other diners in the Upstairs room) but we were still treated well and respectfully. Rick came to the table and greeted us, and we felt very special :). My BF and I returned to RM Upstairs the following year for the Chef's tasting menu and saw Rick again, and he was able to come to say hi again. This year we went to the Sushi bar...we were having a late lunch during off hours and much to our disappointment they had run out of some of the specials and they made the wrong roll for me. I know it was off hours, but service was a little lacking for such a nice place. It seems lunch is not the best time to go here based on reviews from other yelpers. However, they did make up for it, and they did get the roll right and I got one for free. My thoughts about RM have not been forever tarnished and I cannot wait to go back to Vegas to try the downstairs restaurant for dinner! Sadly we probably won't be returning there for lunch again.  I applaud Rick for his ongoing efforts towards sustainable seafood!
5	I LOVE this place!! My first visit to this restaurant was about a year ago during vacation. The food was delicious! I fell in love with their sushi and couldn't wait to get back to Vegas for their sushi. The atmosphere was also very nice, service was mostly great until we asked for them to split the check, which then they said they couldn't do it because their system didn't allow them to. As I mentioned above I was very excited about going back to this restaurant and decided to look their reviews to find that they had several bad reviews about the service and food, so I was worried. I've hyped up this place and recommended it to my friends and family and was worried I stirred them wrong. But the minute we arrived the staff was very friendly and the manager, Scott was kind enough to take several pictures with different cameras for us. Jennifer was our server and she was very helpful and didn't mind repeating the special of the day or describing the various entrees on the menu. I highly recommend the lobster soup, I've never had it before and it was absolutely delicious! And as I mentioned before I fell in love with the sushi, so I ordered the Ringo Roll and the Salmon Roll, both rolls were divine! RM Seafood was unquestionably my favorite for sushi/seafood and still is! We also had groupons which they allowed us to use two at the same table since we had a party of 6 and were visiting.
2	If you believe that an order of fish and chips should actually include chips, don't order it here.  And if you believe that fish and chips should include more than about 3 to 4 ounces of fish, don't order the fish and chips at RM Seafood.  We are Las Vegas locals and we eat on the strip all the time.  This is the first time in years that we went to a supposedly first class restaurant and felt like we'd been ripped of like naive tourists.  For the sake of full disclosure, there are ground up potato chips in the coating on the approximately 4 oz piece of turbot.  But no fries, and not even 5 cents worth of potato chips on the side...and they charge $25 for what looks like a child's portion.  And to be fair, the lobster rolls tasted pretty good.  That's the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1.  But this was probably the most disappointing experience we've had in a strip restaurant in many years.  WE WON'T BE GOING BACK!
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing! My husband and I have been here twice and have loved it! Everything we've ever ordered was perfect from chicken to fish to steak to sushi! All of the above including our cocktails and service. You must have the raspberry lemon drops if you are a cocktail drinker!!! DO IT!!!
5	What's not too love? Service amazing, food outstanding and experience was more than we could have hoped for. Simply perfect. Special thanks to our awesome servers, Joseph and Chris and the manager, Chris. We had the best time ever!
4	We had an epic meal here at RM Seafood during our last trip to Vegas.   We started with a platter of oysters and I followed it up with black cod and an order of the BBQ Mac & Cheese.   My wife ordered the Surf & Surf, consisting of King Crab and Lobster.   We washed it down with a bottle of Duckhorn Merlot, I think...  Booze was involved, I know that.Meal was epic but the bill was over $500, so that's why I dock 'em a star...   Great meal but pretty fucking pricey.   Only in Vegas do you live like a rockstar, right?
5	They have great oysters!! and Really Strong drinks!  Came here on 9/16/12 for a reservation at 8:30pm. Causal and relaxing downstairs. I now have an oyster spot..  and I normally don't like oysters! =oD
5	Loved this place even more than the last time I was there.The little starters were so yummy I wanted to just order a whole tray.Wonderful experience, great wait staff, awesome food and terrific ambience.
4	Quite pricey indeed but you get the best prepared and freshest fish. Accompanied with a nice sauvignon blanc from Marlborough and excellent service by our waiter Joe, this is was a very nice dinner. The terrace outside can be a bit loud because of its location nearly insice the casino. Seems to be a thriving bar scene as well. Dressy.
3	I didn't have high expectations coming here after looking at the reviews and hearing a friend's experience, and didn't walk away feeling any different. We had brought a Groupon ($46) for two entrees and a carafe of wine, so I figured it was the perfect opportunity to gave this place a try. The bill still came out to be around $80 total (including the Groupon) at the end, which we still felt was overpriced compared to what we were served.We had the crab cakes for an appetizer, and like many places, the pitfall is that there was so little crabmeat compared to the stuffing (breadcrumbs, etc.). I'm guessing it's  done in many places to stretch the number of crab cakes a restaurant can make, but it takes away so much from the dish. It was just dry and would break apart easily.  Although the flavor was good, the pasta in my cioppino was severely overcooked, and the BF had the halibut which was cooked nicely but kind of bland.With all the competing restaurants from famous chefs on the Strip, I'd try other ones (and recommend you do so as well) before returning.
4	Review is for the downstairs only. Did not see the upstairs. First, the host asked for my full name, which was odd. Then asked if I had any food allergies, which I thought was thoughtful.Started with the soup of the day, the butternut squash soup. AMAZING... rich creamy, with dungeness crab. Was going to order the white clam chowder but saw that they put bacon in it :( Bacon covers the clam flavor! When will people stop putting bacon in the clam chowder? maybe just a tad in manhatten clam chowder. But not white/ new england! Then the uni nigiri (I go through sushi withdrawal) $10 and very fresh but pretty skimpy on the pieces. Next was the black cod. A bit on the small portioned size, as expected and it was good. Nice miso flavor to the veggies. The cod was cooked well, flakey not undercooked like most places. Wasn't fantastic, but it was good and enjoyable.Drinking the straw hut cocktail. Gin, mint, pineapple... Perfect! Especially with 1/2 off happy hour 3-7pm. Would drink more if I weren't driving...Pastry chef gave some mini chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin cookies on the house with my check. A bit on the sweet side, but nice gesture.
5	Dined here with my hubby during our Las Vegas honeymoon. We were seated downstairs immediately and approached within moments by George, who was very knowledgeable and gave wonderful recommendations. My husband ordered the Cioppino and I ordered the Crab Duo, both were absolutely delicious, best cioppino I've ever tried. Our next trip to Vegas will definitely include another dining experience here.
5	I had the serf and serf, my companion had the seabass...we shared a calamari app. and the sunchoke soup with scallops. Ended the meal with the Irish tart with Bailey's crust and Guiness ice cream and cappucino....and all i can say is WOW!!!!  EVERYTHING was cooked to PERFECTION!!! and our server, Jessica was the icing on the cake....timely, knowledgeable, friendly, and made great suggestions!!!
5	Ate here again.  Got the catfish sloppy joe, which was exactly like it was the first time.  Still fantastic.Our table got the Rhode Island style calamari, which was also excellent.  Lots of heat, but not too much.  The calamari was crispy and not greasy, and it was quite a lot for the price, given it's location in a huge strip hotel.  RM Seafood is a definite return.Iced tea was $4.50, which is high to me, even on the strip.  But, that doesn't take away from the sloppy joe, which is still a steal to me.
1	Went with a big group of people on 10/20 for a friend's birthday and had a terrible experience. The server gave the table shots, strongly implying that it was because of my friend's birthday and they would be complimentary, received the bill later and we were all charged $10 per shot. Ridiculous, since this is supposedly a nice restaurant. Food was so-so and overpriced.
2	We were very disappointed. We ordered ordinary dishes that had rookie mistakes. The shrimp cocktail and the fish in the cippino were overcooked...I think Red Lobster doesn't even make these mistakes. We will not be returning.
5	RM Seafood is a great choice while in Vegas.  Rick Moonen is usually there (and he was when we visited), which is a good sign.  I don't recommend sitting in the patio though, because you are basically in a mall.  Sit inside and upstairs.I wish I could remember what I ordered to drink, but the ensuing evening turned into a bit of a bacchanal, so I've forgotten.  I remember it being excellent, though.  Bread was good (a bit too good, as I ate most of it).  To eat, I ordered the cobia, which came with seafood paella, shellfish butter sauce, and paprika oil.  I'd never had cobia before, and figured this was the place to try it.  It was a mild fish, but the accompaniments made it delicious.  Plus, the butter sauce had nice sized pieces of lobster and shrimp.  The BBQ mac and cheese was delicious - loved the addition of BBQ sauce and it was very rich and cheesy.  We were able to take that back to our room, which we definitely needed after our night.  I also forget what my dining partner ordered, but she really liked it.  Definitely on my "will return" list, if I ever get back to Vegas.
4	Great food..
3	5 stars for the large sampler , fresh , tasty and big portion!2-star goes for my Surf&Turf  due to the unchewable lobster..very disappointed since it should not have happened in such a noted restaurant
2	I found RM Seafood to be lacking when I ate here with my husband and parents.  We ate in the "downstairs" area and we found it to be pretentious and overpriced for the offerings.  The Cioppino was bland and predictable.  For $36 dollars I was expecting a a hearty cioppino and was disappointed with a watery and tasteless meal.  :(  The Scallops were a complete disappointment.  $38 for 3 scallops on a schmear of black bean paste.  For 4 people the total bill with wine was around $300.  Very disappointing for an unremarkable meal.  Go spend your money elsewhere.
1	this is the first & only time ive felt the need to rate a restaurant as a 1star. im going to try to remember to update the review w  all the other horrible details, but only after im fully recovered from the food poisoning i just recd at rm seafood restaurant. in the meanwhile,ill post this up as a warning. in all honestly, this summarizes my personal experience here. basically:   +1 star for decor    0 stars for the clueless, dim, flippant, unskilled, slow staff...this was epecially true of the upstairs bartender/mixologist. (90% of the staff easily fit into this category during my visit to this kitchen nightmare). the restaurant was nearly-empty but my bf ended up 'waiting' on us all night because the servers couldnt be bothered to do it for us. on the upside, we didnt have to 'bus' our tables ourselves because we had some very rude busboys come around and perform that service for us. aww, how nice.    0 stars for all the 'non-poisoned food items' such as the surf&surf & the crab cake slider which was served lukewarm.    -5 stars for their food-poisoning-inducing-oystersjudging from my own experience (& the reactions of the few other guests in the nearly-empty restaurant), i can confidentally predict that if the food at rm seafood doesn't turn your stomach, well then the dining 'experience' alone surely will.
3	The restaurant is for some reason divided in two.  Fancier upstairs.  We walked on unknowingly to the top floor.  I wanted the catfish sloppy Joe but that was for the lower level.  Service: 6/10Waiters gave us the downstairs menu after asking.   Good waiters but no single waiter was the lead.   This led to repeat questions.   One waiter told us 2 sex jokes.   Not professional but they were funny.Food: 7/10.   Catfish was fair.  Sea bass was good. Ambiance : 8/10Nice and relaxingCleanliness:  9/10Very well kept
2	My wife and I both had fish, and frankly our fish was not fresh, but was starting to go off. They did comp a significant part of the meal when we complained, so I have bumped them up to 2 starts, but really guys. This is a really expensive restaurant specializing in seafood - the seafood had better be really fresh!
5	Really wanted something different and fabulous from the recent steak places that I'd been to and didn't want Italian so found RM and was super impressed.Walked in and was seated quickly in a large, but cozy dining room in a corner (which I love) and greeted almost immediately with water and the waiter. Really nice immediate service. Bonus points for that.I ordered a Chimay (wow, Mandalay Bay, that all your restaurants carry my favorite beer means I'll always make you my first in dining choices!) and my friend ordered a fabulous martini. He asked for extra olives and the waiter not only brought out regular olives (pimento center), but also blue cheese stuffed olives. It's those little touches that make a place worth returning to. So, forget everything else, but listen to this: if you want the best, very best, best-I've-ever-tasted oysters, come here. I am an oyster lover. I am quite certain I could subsist on oysters. But only if they come from RM. I have never, ever in my life, ever had oysters this fantastic. Blown. Away.I ordered six ($23). You THINK that's a high price to pay, but you are confused. It is just the right amount to pay for the best tasting oysters in THE WORLD. The six types of oysters were Kusshi, BC, New Sound Select, WA, Miyagi, BC, Stoney Neck, NY, Moonstone, Ct and Village Baby, NB. The ONLY one I disliked was the Miyagi. It was small and had a very bitter, unpleasant taste. The rest? Prepare to cry. I can't even pick my favorite out of all of them. I'd eat one and say 'oh, THIS is my favorite' until I picked up the next one. Wow. If you love oysters you will LOVE these. Wow. I can't stop saying that. Wow.I then asked the waiter about the Maine lobster roll. He informed me that it was lunch item, but what almost sure they could make it for dinner. And boy did they. I should have come here at lunch because the portion was way too big to eat! Not only that, but it was chunky and full of lobster. They went heavy on the dill and mayo, which I disliked intensely, but biting into large pieces of lobster calmed that down. My friend had the charred octopus and declared it much too much for one person (and then proceeded to chow it down). He loved it and finished every bit. It looked seriously delicious and that was confirmed. He then had the jumbo lump crab cakes as an entree and that was rather large as well. He declared them perfect. We also got bread service. Let me tell you that if you don't like the corn bread muffins you go ahead and save those and I'll send you my address; you can just ship those straight to me. Yum-my. The restaurant was very low key, clean and beautiful. My friend said he disliked that the tables didn't have table cloths (elitist), but I thought it was a very sort of 'seafaring' touch. I don't know, but you should seriously try this restaurant. It's moderately priced with really good food. Loved it!
5	After walking out on the Mexican place, figure some sushi would be in order. Promptly directed to the bar, promptly served a good drink and order promptly taken. Sushi was very fresh and the bartender kept the drinks flowing. I'd return for sure.
5	On a recent food-themed vacation, RM Seafood was one of my most anticipated stops, having been a long-term fan of Rick's and his avid stance on using sustainable seafood. We had a few expensive meals looming on the horizon and decided to stop in for lunch instead of dinner. Luckily,. the lunch menu did not disappoint. My starter bowl of miso soup had enough umami to complement a steak and set me up perfectly for the main portion of the meal: a New England-style lobster roll. The bread was soft and had enough flavor to stand on its own, but still worked well with the lobster filling, enhancing the delicate seafood taste rather than masking it. My boyfriend had the soft shell crab po'boy and wasn't as impressed, but I can only base my review off my personal experience. The interior is spacious, yet cozy. Since we went during the day, there were empty tables available without a wait. Our server was extremely professional and friendly. We ate in the lower level, since the (higher-class/fancier) upstairs was not open for lunch. Still, even though the lower floor is considered casual, it still lent itself well to a classy dining experience, with a perfect level of lighting, comfortable and spacious seating, and wood-paneling that whispered of the below-deck area of a yacht.The truly amazing portion of the meal came at the end, when my boyfriend and I asked to do Rick's Ice Cream Tasting Challenge. For $20, participants receive 16 different types of gelato, ice cream, and sorbet, each with a very distinct flavor profile. On a piece of paper, participants in the challenge write down what flavor they believe each one to be. If all 16 are guessed properly, the dessert is free. But beware, these aren't your standard "chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry" flavors. My boyfriend and I did fairly well comparatively (or so our server said), guessing 10/16 correctly. Ones we got wrong included Roasted Fennel and Spicy Watermelon. All the flavors were surprisingly pleasant to eat; I had anticipated a few less-than-appetizing ones due to the nature of the challenge. It was fun and interactive, and I would highly recommend asking to partake in the challenge to any prospective diners.
5	I recently dined at RM seafood in the downstairs area. Husband and I shared a bottle of white wine (a shame really since their bartender JR Starkus is well-renown) and a selection of extremely fresh and delicious oysters.For the main course I chose the halibut with fennel and apple, it was sublime. Hubby got the cioppino, which was huge! We were too full for dessert, but I will return to try the chef's sapler and Rick's tasting game, where you have to guess what flavor ice cream you are eating, blindfolded!
4	Was here for a business lunch (private event).  We were seated in a private room upstairs.  Service was great.  I was busy talking and only got to enjoy to items.  Clam Chowder and BBQ pork Mac N' Cheese.  Both were really good.  The Clam Chowder was not as creamy as I typically enjoy, but was full of good flavors.  The Mac N' Cheese was awesome!  Wouldn't have expected to find that item at a Seafood joint.
1	Our waiter was very rude to us. Interrupted us impatiently when we tried to order our meals. The food was very bad, I had the bland and dry fish tacos and my friend had a chicken wrap where the fat hadn't been rendered properly so it was just disgusting. They obviously don't care about the quality of their food here. And considering their prices, I would never come back again. Avoid at all cost.
5	Honesty alert.  Months and months before our trip to Vegas - I scoured Groupon for deals on dining establishments in Vegas.  I like to save money - who doesn't right?  This place popped up, and I wanted to go to one sassy, overpriced place as our big romantic dinner/night out.  Jiminy Christmas was this place expensive even with the $50 or whatever off.  The place was jazzy and sassy - very upscale environment.  We were downstairs so have no idea what the upstairs was all about.  Ask a stock broker.After realizing what I had done - we decided to go big and order like we meant business.  Seeing how we live in MO and hardly have any decent seafood joints - we wanted to taste the rainbow of the seafood world.  We went for the crab cakes on the appetizer front, which were very delicious.  We both ordered the same entree, which I believe was a special at the time  - a seafood platter consisting of all the awesomeness the ocean has to offer minus oysters because oysters are just gross.  The biggest splurge was definitely Maine lobster, which I love.  The food was really, really quite good and so very fresh.  The service was exquisite - this was one of those establishments that had an assigned server as well as water, beverage, and dish patrol.  The place was very well kept - everything was tidy and clean.  Nice place all around, and we had a very pleasurable dining experience.  I give it 5 stars for all the quality points on food, service, ambiance, and so forth.This was my lesson learned on researching places when purchasing Groupons - by the way.
2	I had two raw oysters, which were quite good, followed by brussel sprouts, which were oversalted and nothing special, followed by scallops, which had an unpleasant, unrecognizeable sauce, lacked depth of flavor and was by no means a filling or fulfilling meal.  I will not return and was disappointed because Chef Moonen has such a good reputation.
1	In Las Vegas, Rick Moonen's Seafood at the Mandalay Bay is suppose to be pretty good.  There are 2 restaurants of his here: 1 is the fixed course meal higher end restaurant and the other (this one) is just a middle tier restaurant.  The menu is a little strange as they have your typical American no frills seafood AND sushi.  My buddy ordered the sushi portions and he was quite unimpressed.  Then again, I would never order sushi from a restaurant like this.  We shared the oyster sampler.  Honestly, the oyster sampler is rather bland.  The oysters don't have much flavor or taste to them.  Maybe it's these particular ones they chucked, but overall we were rather disappointed.My main entree was the seafood cioppino.  The pasta was cooked well like I wanted (al dente).  However the seafood they gave me tasted rather frozen/stale.  The clams were very small in their shells.  The shrimp was overcooked like crazy.  The calamari was chewy like it was frozen.  The only saving grace was the fish they used which tasted the most fresh in this bowl.  The sauce was a little spicy with an Italian kick to it.
4	This is always our first stop when we come to Vegas. The oyster sampler is a must.
5	I'm glad Groupon exists. Thanks to Groupon my girlfriend and I were able and motivated to try this place out. Extremely elegant and modern decor. The upstairs and downstairs cater to different clientele. I doubt you'd go wrong dining on either level. If you are able to, eat here. Take the time and money to dine here. You will not regret it. The food was delicious and the entire dining experience was crisp and amazingly enjoyable.
4	My husband and I dined downstairs. The restaurant is very impressive. I really like that this is a very sustainable restaurant. (I'm all about going green). I ordered the special, surf and surf- lobster and shrimp. It was truly decadent! Very flavorful! My husband ordered the fillet. He said it was very tender and good. In keeping with the "green" theme I opted for the keg red wine. I was a little skeptical at first, but  since I had the option to try both the red and white keg wines first, my skepticism faded. Both were very good, but I do tend to prefer red so that was the pick. I felt doted on by the staff in a very good way. Even though I don't normally order dessert, the blue berry cobbler was calling our names. Let me just say that it was to die for. This was a very enjoyable dining experience.
4	Had dinner here 12/22/12 after a long drive from CA. The clam chowder was flavorful yet light. Crab cake was well seasoned and the side slaw was very refreshing. Arctic Char was cooked perfectly. Diver scallops with black bean sauce was perfectly cooked, but the accompanied manila clams still had sands in them and pretty much inedible. Cioppino was delicious with lots of seafood, tasty garlic bread, and the right amount of spiciness. For dessert, we had the ice cream & sorbet blind tasting. It was fun especially since Rick Moonen was asking us if we were enjoying the guessing game. He also graciously said yes to our request for picture :-)Service from the support staff was good. The service from our server, however, was a bit off and rushed. The server did not ask if we wanted another drink after we finished our first one, and we had to ask someone for water refills.
5	I've been wanting to try RM Seafood for a while a it was out standing in many levels.  First off the service could not have been better.  I really wanted the clam chowder, but with what we ordered, it would have been too much, but the server was so kind to bring me a small bowl with several spoonfuls of chowder to try.We started with the Futo-Fireball roll, which was one of the best rolls I have ever had and the flavor and texture was amazing.  We then had the BLT salad which was good.  We split the Branzino and the Cioppino.  Two totally different dishes, but outstanding flavors for both.It was an outstanding meal in all levels, and a must visit while in Vegas!
5	A group of us celebrated our friend's anniversary at RM Seafood. It was such a treat to be in good company and excellent food. The service was incredible. Our waiter had us laughing, enjoying every moment, and just made us feel comfortable in an relaxing atmosphere. We skipped the appetizers and went straight to the entree. We started with the calamari. It was was cooked with the right amount of coating and not greasy. In a seafood restaurant, my friend's husband was craving for a steak and ordered the Tomahawk Ribeye. He was in heaven! It was so tender the juices were just pouring out. Then we were presented with our main event! Two orders of the kitchen sink! The presentation was overwhelming, but the fresh seafood flavor knocked us out!
3	I ate here at the bar and had the best service!  I had the RM Seafood Escabeche to start which was AMAZING!  I can only hope to one day replicate this at home ^_^I then went crazy and got the Surf and Surf which was also AMAZING!!The only downside was that it seemed like sort of a wham-bam-thank-you-maam (kind of thing) The whole meal was done in less than 30 minutes.  The experience overall was lacking.  It didn't seem worth the price.To be fair, had I dined in the dining room, it may have been different.  Maybe next time.
5	Gotta update yet again.  Had lunch here, and the table got the pork mac n cheese with jalapeno.  This was an excellent dish to share, but it's listed as an entree. I think it would be a bit much as an entree, but split between 3 people it was perfect.  The pork and cheese gives a nice smoky flavor.  The jalapeno provides heat and was welcome.  But, jalapenos are always welcome with me.  The top had a fantastic, textbook crust.  I'm beginning to think Rick Moonen could cook a box of rocks and I would like it.
3	For the price at RM Seafood, this restaurant is only going to get 3 stars from me.  I went on a Saturday afternoon.  We had the green curry mussels and the calamari as appetizer.  We then had the papaya salad.  The mussels and calamari were not spectacular.   I have had better ones elsewhere.  The papaya salad was also nothing spectacular.  The service was great.  Everyone was very attentive.  It is unfortunate that the quality of the food wasn't up to par.  Bottom line, if I want to spend that kind of money for lunch, there are many other restaurants on the strip that will deliver a more tasteful experience.
4	Have your wallet ready!  It was the last day of my trade show and I wanted well prepared seafood.  I found it but I'm going to have to kick up my sales to say the meal was worth it.  Over $200 for one person for dinner?  Ouch, I know I know - what does one expect?  Oysters, 1/2 of a lobster, petit filet mignon, brussel sprouts and a glass of pinot - I guess not $200.  I'm a fan because: I knew what I was getting into.  The food was great and the service was great too.  So there - still kind of stings talking about it though.
2	We came here for lunch on Christmas day.  We had fairly high expectations and the menu looked promising.  We ordered some raw clams, white chowder, crab cake and the bbq pork mac and cheese.  First the water came out and there were all these black flakes in them.  We pointed it out to the server and he apologized and said it must have been from grinding the tea leaves to brew ice tea.  That's fine and we wait for the food.  Before the food comes out the waiter returns again and says there's no bbq pork but we can substitute lobster or some king crab.  Sweet...we pick the king crab and wait.The clams were really good.  we garnished them like oysters and they came out fresh and tasty.  Chowder was also very good.  Crab cake was good, but nothing special and my wife loved the mac and cheese with crab.  then the bill came.  Turns out they added a 35 dollar surcharge for the crab substitute.  Maybe we should have asked about it but we assumed since they didn't have the pork, the substitues offered wouldn't be an up charge.Overall, the food here was good.  However, the service was definitely lacking.  I'd expect someone to see floating black specks in the water and not have it served to us.  Then the surcharge on the crab seemed underhanded.
2	Rick, please pack your knives and go ... or offer food that stands up to your stellar reputation.First I'll start with the good - service and ambiance.  We sat upstairs and had not one but three very attentive staff members looking after us.  The vibe is cozy, with small booths for a romantic dinner.  On to the disappointments - prices/value, portion size and quality.  The octopus appetizer was so itty bitty that it only afforded us one bite each.  And, it was overcooked, rubbery and none too hot.  Burnt chorizo served cold with rubber band octopus, no thanks!  Sadly the overprice entrees (think small plates) were a disappointment too.  My trio of scallops was inconsistent (two good, one horrible).  Worst of all, a pocket of salt on the scallop ruined my sense of taste.  When I told the server about the salt he simply thanked me for letting him know.  Really?  How's about you fix it?!Overall it was a disappointment.  I would recommend skipping RM and heading to Fleur where their small plates are tasty an as advertised.
5	I was on a business trip and was staying at THE HOTEL @ Mandela Bay. I inquired about a Sushi place and was directed to RM Seafood. What a treat they had just gotten in some Big Eye Tuna and it was out of this world. My wait staff was very friendly and on top of everything. I felt like I was the only one there. You must go there if you get a chance. Brad
3	Came here during my week trip to Vegas in February...this place was just ok. Service was actually pretty good but food was unimpressionable. My husband had the artic char and I ordered sashimi and 2 sushi rolls - the tsuekimono and wringo at the server's recommendation. All of the seafood, in an effort to encourage the use of "sustainable seafood," were fishes that were in the family of or similar to popular choices. The char - closest to salmon, was ok, my husband described it as being good but not something he'd go out of his way for. My sashimi was a fish that was similar to yellowtail...it was ok. Didn't have that sweet taste I was looking for that good yellowtail have. The wringo roll was gross, I didn't finish it. The tsuekimono was ok but nothing blew me away about it. The only thing I enjoyed the whole night was the dessert! We ordered the 16 sorbet tasting game - where you guess the sorbet flavors completely blind! I got 10 out of 16 correct - can you do better?! The manager told us most people get 8 or less right! Overall, the food is ok and not worth the price. The ambiance is romantic and if you're nearby and want to give this place a try - go to the bar for happy hour instead.
2	Was on a trip with friends for a birthday and I decided to take charge on where we ate a few dinners.  I decided on RM Seafood for one night based on reviews and the reputation of Chef Moonen.  Well, I ended up looking like an ass.We went on a Friday night at 8ish and there was only one other table in the whole place, so the atmosphere was horrible and silent with crappy oldies music playing.Food was good, but very overpriced for what you got....even for Vegas.  I wasn't expecting the bargain of the century going in there, but the prices were very high and the portions very small.  Sushi was very good and had tons of choices.  We had to send back an appetizer for being cold and the 5 different servers (they must serve in teams, either that or there wasn't enough tables for them all so they shared) we had each apologized and said they told the Manager and General Manager....blah blah.  Neither Manager came over to the tabe to apologize (it's not like they were busy) and of course they didn't remove the item from the bill (which I wasn't expceting, but most high-end places would do so).The biggest issue was that one of the servers kept making comments on the weight of one member of my party.  Although my friend is a bigger guy, he certainly isn't an obese slob and is NOT the type of guy that any person ever looks at and thinks it's a good idea to mess with.  He is very intimidating.  However, this did not stop one of the servers from making at least 5 seperate comments about my friends size or what he was eating and how much, etc.  I will say that the server seemed to not be doing it to be malicious, I think he was just an idiot.  This server has no idea how close he was to getting knocked out cold for some of his comments.  It was very inappropriate abnd certainly wrecked dinner for my friend.I cannot recommend.  There are better places in Vegas.
3	Had dinner downstairs. We decided on sushi. We had a table of five. Enjoyed the rolls, Tuna Flowers were delicious. The prices were not bad and the service was good. If you want a more intimate/quiet dinner than eat upstairs.
4	We  were always pleased with our meal, and the service is impeccable.  Many of the star-chef restaurants in Vegas are not up to par, but since Rick Moonen is actually present in his restaurant, the standards are top notch.We  have eaten both upstairs and downstairs. I  love the tasting menus in the more formal upstairs.   If you  love seafood it is a great experience.   My hubby likes the more informal downstairs and eating a  couple orders of the oyster sampler and a beer.  The option of more formal or casual is nice since sometimes you just want a casual dinner and other times it's nice to  splurge.We've had the chance to chat with Rick a  couple of times on our visits, and he  and the staff  always make sure our dining experience is special.We always stay at Mandalay when we are in Vegas so RM has become one of our favorites.
3	Let me put it upfront: Rick Moonen's RM seafood is INCREDIBLY PRICEY. 2 Happy hour appetizers, a bowl of steamed clams, a salad and 1 entree + 2 drinks and the bill was over $200. Best deal at RM's is to go during Happy hour, sit at the bar, and hit the happy hour specials. Don't get me wrong the food is good but $95 for a small tenderloin and a lobster tail? There are comparable seafood restaurants for half the price.
5	I took my husband here for his birthday. He has been wanting to try this place since he is a fan of Rick Moonen. We went on a Sunday night, fairly early and it wasn't very crowded. We chose the downstairs section. The area was nice, it opened up to the mall area of the Mandalay shops but it was a quiet section.The waiter was very fast and gave us a lot of information on the food and drink options. We ordered a bottle of wine, there was a huge selection with many price options. For an appetizer we had the soup of the day, an amazing butternut squash with smoked salmon plus we chose the chard octopus. They split the order of soup for us which was nice. The octopus was cooked perfectly. So tender. For the main course I had the Baramundi and my husband had the ginger crusted halibut. The sauce on mine was terrific, the fish was nicely cooked with the skin just a bit crispy. We also had a side of brussels sprouts, plenty big enough to split. They were amazing, I was never a fan before but I could have had those as my main dish they were so good.The manager stopped by and checked on us and we chatted a bit. He later sent out a free dessert for my husbands birthday, a very nice touch.I really found nothing negative about my experience here, a very nice place, terrific food, great service. The price is a little high but worth it for the quality of food.
5	This place was amazing. Best meal I've ever had.I'm really not sure where all the complaints are coming from. Everything is pricey in Las Vegas, that's the way it is.  I've had meals on the strip that didn't come close to RM and were just as expensive if not more. If you want a lights-out meal you're going to open your wallet. Otherwise, go to the buffet at the Fremont. To put out the kind of food that this place does, at a comparable price to other higher end places on the strip, while doing it sustainably, is extremely impressive. As for the food itself:The sushi rolls were amazing. Oysters tasted off the boat fresh. Lobster and Crab were cooked absolutely perfectly.Everything else on the plate(s) was done beautifully. Also, the service was impeccable. The guys were pros. I'll be here every time I'm in town.
5	I have eaten here twice. They have the best clam chowder and I have loved everything else that I've tried. If you love fish and seafood, this is a must go.
2	Service is great here. Very professional staff. Food is pretty good, too. I only give it 2 stars because even though the food is decent and staff is professional it's WAY overpriced. I can get the same great service and good food for half the price in many other restaurants on the strip.
2	After sweating Top Chef Master Rick Moonen's Seafood Room for so long, I opted to finally schedule a visit during the Spring 2013 Restaurant week rotation.  Unfortunately my giddy excitement quickly faded.  We started by ordering a bottle of white Bordeaux and oysters.  The wine wouldn't make an appearance for close to an hour.  While we waited for the wine, the kitchen staff dropped off our oysters that sat and sat and sat while we waited for the server to bring the wine.  Finally, the wine arrived with profuse apologies and the server promptly poured the unchilled wine in Big Gulp portions.  As soon as we start on the oyster sample, which really was quite good, our first course arrives.  If we had salads, this wouldn't have been such an issue, but 2 of us ordered the clam chowder that is meant to be enjoyed hot.  Things didn't ever improve, including lack of water refills.  To sum it up the oysters were the high point of the night, rest of food was good not great, service not good.  It's a bummer, after I had yearned to come here for so long.
1	RM Seafood is so overrated. I was really disappointed with the food. It is the equivalent of an average seafood restaurant back in the Boston area. I have heard such great thing about Rick Moonen's restaurants. This place is overpriced average food.
1	From a Top Chef Master, I expect much more.  This was a horrible experience as we came here for Restaurant Week.We got off to a dreaded start where it took almost half an hour to get our wine out.   The only good thing RM did well was ship out some of the best Mattaki (BC), Potters Moon (RI), and Blupoint (NY) oysters.   This would have been perfect if you brought the wine before we could enjoy these oysters.  We continued to sit for a good 15 minutes before they could locate the bottle of Bordeaux.The clam chowder was pretty flat.  I honestly enjoyed the clam chowder from the M Resort buffet.  You'd expect much more from a world class Top Chef master, right?Next, we had the diver scallops with black bean sauce.  The scallops were nothing special and lacked seasoning.  All of the food came out rushed since they did not time the delivery with the delayed wine.  Last, our waiter even knew he did a shitty job.  He comp'ed us 2 coffees and 2 additional glasses of wine, but honestly they could have done more since everything they did was wrong.  If you're going to experience fine dining on the strip, do not go here.  I take some responsibility for bypassing the 3-3.5 star rating I saw.  I was just hoping these Yelp reviewers were harsh but they were overly generous with their ratings.  Do not come here.   I wasted my money and could have had my last Restaurant Week experience anywhere else.
5	I payed a lot, but got what I payed for too.  Perfectly executed food, just perfect.
2	Disappointing and not worth the price.  We're Top Chef fans, were in Vegas for the weekend and figured that we'd give RM a go.  The fish was cooked properly, but I found the dishes to be unbalanced, under seasoned, and unimaginative.  My husband even found a bone in his fish which is unacceptable - especially at this price point.  For almost $100/pp I expect much more - maybe I'm just another spoiled San Franciscan.  The palate challenge sorbet tasting at the end was the best part.
5	I had a great experience dining at this restaurant. My date and I sat downstairs as the upstairs dining is much more upscale in fine dining terms, but pretty much served the same food items. The prices are already expensive enough so we just wanted to try it out at a somewhat affordable price. I think it really depends on what you order in order to get a good feel of the chef's best dishes. For starters we had the calamari which was excellent! We each had our own specialty cocktails which we both fancied. For dinner I had the RM Style "Cioppino". I thought it was the best decision I could make that night. It consists of calamarata pasta, mussels, clams, king crab, shrimp, and their fish of the day with a piece of garlic bread on the side. I'd like to thank Rick Moonen for creating this ultra-scrumptious dish. I can't say how often I'd come back because it is a pretty expensive dining experience, but I am so glad I was able to try it out.
4	I've been wanting to try RM for a while, but never committed mostly due to the inconsistent reviews. We found ourselves with an open Saturday night in Vegas, so I booked an upstairs table for 6:30 on-line while lounging at the pool. When we showed up at 6:30, they had no record of our reservation. I showed the hostess our confirmation number on my iPhone and was told that they have problems with the on-line system. After a few minutes we were shown to an open booth. A gentleman stopped by, introduced himself as one of our servers for the evening, filled our glasses with water and dropped off menus. We chose a bottle of wine, decided that we would both have the 7 course tasting and waited to order....for 10 minutes. Not a glance from anyone. I asked my lovely wife if she would be offended if we got up and left at the 12 minute mark. She agreed that if the service did not begin we would be stupid to pay $135 a piece to be ignored. Just under the mark, our server returned and asked how he could help us. I replied that ordering some food and wine would be a awesome start.From that point on everything was perfect. Seven tasting-sized courses that started with simple, clean fish presentations that advanced to duck and braised beef, as well as 4 amuse bouche, built upon each other to create one of the most thoughtfully well-rounded meals that I've experienced. And there wasn't a bad plate.It was a rough start, but once these guys got on a roll they nailed it. The food, as well as the service, was some of the best we've had. But I now understand the hit and miss reviews.
5	An amazing dinner. Started off with the crab cake appetizer which was tasty but very tiny. Not enough to share.  My hubby then ordered clam chowder  which was beyond words and I don't even like clams. Sweet and flavorful goodness. We both had surf and turf as our entree and it was the best king crab I have ever eaten. Filet was perfectly cooked. Would have to say the highlight of our evening was when Rick Moonen came over to our table to wish me a Happy Birthday.  He was very warm and welcoming and seemed genuinely interested in what we thought of our meal. The service was outstanding. Our waitress was friendly and very efficient. Can't wait to come back and  dine here again.
5	Fantastic!!  Went there on Easter Sunday.  Started off with steamed clams - great broth.  Our Entree's were the Crab duo - alaskan king crab legs and crab cake, my wife had lobster and gulf shrimp.  Prices were reasonable, though $16 for glass of wine seems a bit much.  However the food and service were great.  Next time we will try the upstairs dining.
5	so, maybe a little expensive...but outstanding preparation and quality.  Beyond that, I have to give special mention to our waiter, Clifton(?), the most knowledgable waiter I've come across in a long time.  He really knew and understood the menu, and provided information and sugggestions without being overbearing or patronizing.  An excellent expreince.
2	I went to RM with two clients for a light lunch and meeting.  The restaurant was picked by my client's wife.They stuck us out on the terrace in the mall, so it was very noisy.  The server seemed disengaged and was slow, so that made one of my clients cranky.  Everyone ordered the clam chowder which was nice, but not really worth the $15 charge.  I had the Winter Green's Salad that wasn't very cold and everything seemed just limp.We ordered the dessert sampler and coffee and I have to say the presentation was really very nice and the desserts were really yummy.  They brought the first complimentary food comments of the afternoon.The server was pretty much MIA through most of the time we were there (2 hours), so water refills and even cocktail refills weren't happening.Really overpriced and over-hyped.  I'm sure there are some really exquisite tastes on that menu, but the entire experience turned me off from the location, to the setting, to the service...I can't see giving them another shot.
2	I'm sad to only give this place 2 stars because I was SO excited to go there!But I digress. 2 stars is all RM seafood will receive from me.RM is located downstairs near the Mandalay Bay casinos. Known for their specialty of seafood and the fact that the owner Rick Moonen appeared on Top Chef Masters as a contestant. The atmosphere was really nice and very classy. (Definitely too classy for me.) It was also far enough away from the casinos to not be a hindrance in regards to noise. My waitress was amazing, she made me a special drink for my 21st birthday and was really attentive and genuine.So the service was amazing and the ambiance was beautiful. Why two stars? The food was a huge disappointment. We ordered sushi, Mac & Cheese, clam chowder, the salmon, and bread pudding. The sushi was nice, but that's it, just nice. From a seafood master I expected amazing. The clam chowder was just...nice. There were more raw vegetables in the soup than anything else. I didn't even taste the clams. The salmon with a potato crust was odd. They weren't two flavors that meshed as well for me, and I didn't enjoy the dish at all. The Mac & Cheese with pulled pork was absolutely disgusting. I'm so sad because I love Mac & Cheese. Now usually people eat ribs with a side of Mac & Cheese. It is a perfectly normal combination. But the pulled pork inside of the Mac & Cheese...so wrong.Because the food was the reason I wanted to go to RM Seafood, and because the food was such a let down, I have to only give this restaurant two stars.
5	Great place, fresh seafood.   Nice to find wonderful with a big W seafood in Las Vegas.  We were in Vegas and meeting some friends for lunch down the casino at Fleur.   I figure I will stop for a pre-lunch and a cocktail.  it was great the fresh crab legs and oysters.  They were cutting up the fish of the day, so I wanted to see if they have Hamachi belly that they can serve us.  Wow.  Nice.  It was so good that after lunch at Fleur, I took the firends back to RM for a short post-lunch snacks.  Yummy, but not cheap.
2	Good, but I've had better, especially for the price. I expected it to be a little better than it was the first time, so I was a bit disappointed. The second time, one of the sea food dishes we ordered did not taste fresh at all. Obviously a downer. Probably not worth going to. I went twice to give it a second chance, but the second time was worse than the first.
5	This is my second time going to RM Seafood and I cannot even begin to sing praises loud enough. I had the Halibut with Scallops for my main course and started with the exquisite clam chowder and raw oysters. Could not recommend the restaurant any more highly.
4	We had a really great lunch at RM Seafood. Our server, George, was very attentive. Since we went during lunch and on a Monday, we had the manager's attention as well which is a plus. Didn't make the experience boring. I've been a fan of Rick Moonen since I saw him compete on Top Chef Masters and having had the opportunity to eat at his restaurant is almost close to a dream come true. I'll order the crab cake and the RM Burger next time.
5	Let me start off by saying service was beyond awesome here. The first dish I ordered, I did not realize was finished in the pan, and fried. I hate friend, or pan friend fish period. I told the waiter what I wanted. The only fish they had not friend or finished in the pan was the halibut. So the chef made a special halibut dish for me int he over that was seriously, to die for!
4	Please note this is for the upstairs "upscale" dining room, not the more casual downstairs.I'm very happy I went to RM seafood. Having already done a tasting menu this week, I instead went with a la carte options off of what is a very small a la carte menu, but I think with good options.At the waiter's recommendation, I went with the charred octopus over a sushi roll. And it was good, but not great. I find myself wondering about the sushi. The octopus was super tender, and I like the charred outside, plus it was served with good accompaniments? Thinly sliced chorizo, mild olives and nasturtium leaves? Probably the first time I've eaten nasturtium leaves. Plus the smoky chorizo and slightly bitter olives tasted great with the octopus. All of this was on top of a bed of pepperonata, which I thought was a little strongly flavored. There's something about this that doesn't make me jump out of my seat though. It was good, like I said, but I would try something else next time.But it was all OK when the diver scallops arrived. I can't remember having any scallops this good anywhere else, so I'm just going to call a spade a spade - probably the best I have ever had. Seared perfectly. Prepared to the perfect done-ness. And all the stuff with them worked in perfect harmony. Tiny cubes of slightly softened Asian pear, a little bit of applesauce (or maybe pear sauce) around the plate, super tender, meaty, rich pork belly, a drizzle of pork jus over the scallops, a dusting of sea salt, and a very lightly dressed frisee salad. This dish is 5 stars. Maybe 6. The savory pork and the sweet fruits went so well with the flavorful salty scallops...oh, man. Sooooo good. Dessert was the "Irish coffee" - ice cream, flourless chocolate cake, mint foam (yesssssss, we got some foam!), baileys, and almond biscotti. I got this over the ricotta fritters (which sounded better to me, but had more pear in them. After having pear and apple in the scallops, I didn't want t double up on that flavor. I kind of wish I had...the dessert was just ordinary. The biscotti were at least good with my espresso.So, why 4 stars after those scallops? The meal was bookended by less than 5 star items. I'd say the octopus is a weakish 4, and the dessert is a 3. So I would tell you to go and get a double order of the scallops and have them blow your mind. Or maybe try other appetizers and desserts. But I do think, overall, that RM Seafood (the upstairs at least) is totally worth visiting.
3	Service was good, but quality of the fish was a bit off, except the King Salmon was right. Cucumber salad was over pickled.
4	Very good.  Late night dinner upon my arrival to Las Vegas.  Sat a bar and staff was very attentive.  Farmers Market Salad was crisp, fresh and the dressing was perfect.  I love goat cheese so having that as a part of the salad added a nice touch.  The Meagre was also very good.  The fresh vegetables and perfectly cooked fish made this light dish a winner.  If not for so many restaurants to try, I'd come back. Update...I tride some of the other "great" restaurants and they were not so great...Michael Mina...I'd come back here.
2	This is for the Downstairs section.Worst service I've experienced in a restaurant in over a decade.   When you read this, you'll think I have incredibly good luck because it wasn't nearly as horrific as some of the stories I've read on other reviews for other restaurants, but for my own experiences, this was incredibly insulting.Enter: Josef (this is what the receipt said for the Cashier, so I'm going by that.  If he was around more often I might have been able to catch his name myself).   The meal started with my being intrigued by an option on the cocktails menu that was "Dealer's Choice" in that the bartender would create a drink for you.   I'm adventurous enough to try it, but I did want to first know if there was a chance I'd get some fruity concoction.   Our server seemed a little annoyed at this, but ultimately he said he could provide the bartender some slight guidance (whiskey based) and that was that.  I'll be honest and say this didn't rub me the wrong way at the time, but in retrospect it was foreshadowing in nature.When he returned my drink was sort of a take on a manhattan, and I enjoyed it quite a bit.  So far so good.  Taking our food order I felt like he kept trying to upsell us on the menu, both with appetizer suggestions and then barraging me with the idea of adding scallops to my sea bass entree.  NO MEANS NO JOSEF.  3 NOs later and he had our order in.  Our food was brought out and we started eating.   Pretty sure we didn't engage with Josef from that point forward until he tried to sell us on dessert.  In the meantime, my friend's drink sat completely empty for nearly the entire meal (at LEAST half an hour), and mine for about 15 minutes of that also sat empty.  I'd love to say that there could have been an excuse for this, but when I'm seeing the guy visit the table IMMEDIATELY to our left and right MULTIPLE times each (and discussing things like his son's hobbies and other extremely interesting topics) all the while, there's just nothing to say except for that he's an awful server.   I'm definitely insinuating something when I say that those two couples seemed to be ordering up quite a storm, and I'm thinking our reluctance to bite on the upsells might have made us less important.  Shame, because what we lacked that night in hunger, we would have easily made up for in thirst quenching $10-$15 cocktails.   In fact, when he finally did show his face again to ask if we needed anything else, he STILL didn't ask if we wanted our drinks refreshed.   Apparently Josef thought we were of the cacti family.For what it's worth I enjoyed my fish quite a lot.   It was cooked to perfection and the sauce and other components present really pulled it together.  Subtle but delicious.  Being ignored though lessened the quality of the meal overall to where I just stopped caring about the food and started planning my Yelp vengeance.   This was probably our 4th or 5th visit and is our last for the time being.  I'd consider returning but only if I could verify that he would not be our server.  Thanks guy!4 stars for the food, -2 stars for Josef's existence on this planet.
3	First off let me say that This is not my type of restaurant, but with 7 other gentlemen in tow who are looking for an alternative to the typical steakhouses we visit, this was our Wed Night arrival in Vegas Selection.  Seated at a nice hi table top for 8 near the very clean looking open air kitchen we peruse the limited all fish menu that is heavy on sushi and things this carnovore does not enjoy.  Atmosphere is very nice bright modern and upscale with both lower and upper dining seating. Waitress was very pleasant looked like a young Sally Fields.  After taking our drink orders, various drinks, glasses of wine etc are ordered and they server a complimentary homemade bisquit and corn bread basket that was excellent with a sweet creamy butter.   Appetizers were in no particular order a Grilled Octopus which was told was excellent.  A really good white clam chowder with chunks of clams in a rich broth.  Big Eye Tuna, fresh and tasty.  Sea Irchin really not my cup of tea but was told outrageous.  A disappointing crab cake that was small and lacked the lump of blue crab you expect especially for a $24.00 appetizer.  Some other Sushi types all very fresh. Entrees were well Pricey.  Filet mignor and 1/2 cleaned lobster $80.00 was good but not great.. A flat iron steak with grilled shrimp in butter, lemon spices was excellent while a linguini with shellfish in a white  type sauce was pretty good as well. A Honestly I can't remember what all 8 diners had, but entrees ranged from very good to OK.  Prices were really pretty expensive.  All and all a good experience with very  high price points in an upscale atmosphere.   Your paying for the big rent in the Casino so you take it with a grain of salt.  Didn't get over the hump for  a repeat but nothing really bad to say about it.  Just didn't blow me away.
1	This review is for happy hour only.Very limited menu (was also informed by the slightly unpleasant waiter).  Three kinds of beer, one white and one red, and maybe a few cocktails.  I ordered half dozen oysters, a few mussels, a seafood something, spicy tuna cut roll, and a california cut roll.  The bill, $60.  what?  That is for one person.  They charge $3 for oysters for happy hour and no Kumamoto's.  another what?
3	This place was pretty good, but not worth anywhere near the exorbitant prices they charge.  We're not strangers to high-end seafood restaurants, and can think of a long list of places that do a better job all around.Not that there was anything wrong in particular, but nothing was commensurate with other restaurants in this price category.  It might even merit four stars just on food quality alone, but not when you consider it compared to similar restaurants.
5	I was a bit apprehensive have viewing the 3.5 star reviews on Yelp. I love Seafood and I decided to have dinner there yesterday. I had the Raven's wood (zinfandel) and started with Ahi Poke which I absolutely  loved. The Daikon, Seaweed and a type of pepper (Which i can't place) complemented the tuna with very bright notes. HIGHLY RECOMMEND  it. I was pleasently surprised when my entree arrived which was filet medallions, seared scallops, grilled asparagus with a truffle potato gratin and a Meyer lemon foam. The scallops was the most delicious I've ever eaten ever... only realizing that I never had scallops cooked to perfection before. Medium is medium and Thank you RICK for acknowledging it.  The Medallions was also cooked beautifully and it was very succulent and deliciously clean with well developed flavours. Average food is filling, Good food speaks to you and Great food moves you.  RM was definitely an experience. Well Played RM!!! Well Played!
4	LOVE this place. We spent a few hours of bliss experiencing the oysters downstairs at the bar, before we ventured to the next happy hour upstairs..Met some great company at the bar and was introduced to the Vesper.. I fell in love with this drink, as did the 2 people on each side of me. Needless to say a few Vespers later we were 2 sheets to the wind. The food is delicious, the drinks are amazing and the company is awesome. I love the Mandalay Bay-The Hotel. Will definitely be back. I can't stay anywhere else! Happy St Patricks Day!! :))
3	My boyfriend and I dined in the downstairs dining room on Saturday, May 18th 2013; we had reservations via Open Table and as soon as we arrived we were seated immediately by the smiling hostess. It took a little bit of time for the server, Clifton, to greet us (and they weren't particularly busy) however he was pleasant. I ordered a bottle of the Two Hands Moscato ($54) which was recommended to me by Clifton and it was so delightfully good! I was a smidge disappointed that it didn't come out as cold as I would've liked, it could have been chilled down another 10*, but I still drank the whole dang bottle by myself, ssssssh ;) And he put it on ice for me so the next glass was even better. The busser brought out a complimentary bread basket which consisted of corn bread muffins and cheddar biscuits (very similar to Red Lobster's Cheddar Bay biscuits) plus whipped butter, all of which were tasty. We started with the Clam Chowder soup. It was warm and full of flavor & veggies. There was a strong beer/hops undertone that I didn't particularly care for but my boyfriend loved it...especially all those little oyster crackers he threw on top! Personally, for $15 I would pass it up the next time we're there.We then ordered our entrees: Surf and Turf for me (9oz prime filet mignon in a red wine jus and a 1/2 lobster w/clarified butter) which was garnished with micro-greens. The menu online stated that the entree came with mashed potatoes but for some reason my entree never came out with any. You'd think for $89.00 I would get some type of side. The filet came out horribly black and charred which I made them take back. Besides that, my new steak melted in my mouth like butter, the lobster was ridiculously delicious and the red wine jus was a perfect complement to the steak. In addition we ordered Old Bay fries w/remoulade ($7), which were like shoestring fries, as well as the mac 'n cheese for two ($14). The mac 'n cheese was in a white cheddar cream base and it was to die for. My boyfriend ordered the King Salmon ($34) which was about 8oz in size and it was garnished in different citrus elements which he said was a wonderful flavor compliment to the fish.  After all of that we ordered dessert: the dessert sampler platter for him ($18) which included White Chocolate Bread Pudding w/a blueberry compote and blueberry buttermilk ice cream, an Irish Chocolate Tart with Guinness gingerbread ice cream, the Fat Elvis w/passion fruit caramel sauce and their Key Lime Pie w/cilantro syrup. My boyfriend raved about all of them. I ordered the 16 piece ice cream and sorbet sampler ($18) and was less than impressed. The chocolate ice cream was bitter however I did enjoy the salted caramel ice cream.My suggestion: beware of the menu posted on the Mandalay Bay website as it's severely out of date, including what's featured on the menu and the prices. They have all gone up!
5	So fun! We went for a late lunch, so it was dead - 1 other couple in there plus a wedding party. Chef Moonen was actually in the kitchen - likely not cooking, but I saw him... wish he had come out to greet us since there were only 3 parties in the entire place. The crab corn soup was so delish! The fish tacos were regular ole fish tacos, nothing special. My husband had the lobster roll which he said was phenomenal. The best part of the entire experience: the ice cream tasting game! So many crazy and unconventional flavors - we still got 12 of 16 right!
5	For as much as I LOVE seafood it just made perfect sense to have my birthday dinner at RM Seafood. I have heard great things about Chef Rick Moonen and was very excited when my boss made reservations here for me. We had a party of 6, so naturally we had a lot of fun exploring the menu. We started with the calamari and small shellfish sampler (the entire party had not yet arrived) as recommended by our waiter. When the rest of the party had arrived we ordered the following: king salmon, sturgeon, diver scallops, barramundi, surf and turf, one of the premium cut sushi rolls, and a few orders of asparagus and fries for the table. I must say everything was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The portions were generous but not overwhelming. What must have been my favorite part of the whole dinner was dessert. They brought me a birthday dessert, Irish Chocolate Tart, very rich and tasty.  We also ordered the Rick's Tasting Game, 16 different flavors of ice cream that you taste and try to guess the flavors. Hands down the best idea ever! They bring you a paper to fill in your guesses that coordinates with the sampler and spoons for everyone. Be warned not all the flavors taste good, and they come up with things that should never be made into ice cream!! At the very least you must stop in to order and participate in the tasting game.
5	My husband and I went to Las Vegas for a couple of nights and wanted to try some sushi so we elected to go to RM Seafood which was right in our hotel.  From the moment we stepped in the door, we could not have been treated nicer.  We were escorted over to the sushi bar where we wanted to eat.  Our waitress made some excellent suggestions from the menu and while we waited for our drinks, I proceeded to ask the sushi chefs questions about what they would recommend. We started out with the small sashimi plate which was wonderful and then proceeded to add some different rolls which were just as excellent as the sashimi.  During the course of  our meal, the manager even stopped by to see how our meal and service was.  Felt very taken care of and really made the meal quite exceptional.  Since this was Rick Moonen's restaurant, and I am a huge fan since watching him on Top Chef Masters, I asked if he happened to in, which he was.  He actually came out to meet us, shook our hands and we had a picture taken with him.  First class all the way.  We are going to be back in Vegas in November and will definitely make RM Seafood one of our stops again.  Thanks to all the staff there for making our meal spectacular!
5	I sought out RM specifically because of their commitment to serving sustainable seafood, and was rewarded.  If you're not paying attention on your way through Mandalay Bay, you might miss this fine restaurant, as it's tucked away a bit, but it's a great spot for a quieter meal.My meal in the bistro bar was incredible from beginning to end.  I started with a specialty cocktail (great selection of those), and had a soup special, Tom Kha Crab, a spicy Thai-inspired gem.  My main course was barramundi, also with Asian seasonings and served on a bed of delicate ramen and vegetables.  Proportions of each were perfect. I finished with a white chocolate bread pudding, which was served with a side of blueberry ice cream.  I though it might be too sweet, but my worries were unfounded, it was a perfect conclusion to my meal.Service was friendly, helpful, and skilled - Ali (?) was attentive, and adapted well to the differing needs of her customers.If you like seafood, and you can afford to treat yourself to this place, don't think twice, just go.
5	Absolutely delicious seafood, and love that it's sustainable. Definitely try the diver scallops - both sushi and seared were fantastic!
5	We went for lunch here while in Vegas.  Unfortunately, when we went due to our timing (Sunday lunch) only a couple other tables were filled, so I can't give much info on the crowds.  I think the small crowd might have to do with the restaurants location, kinda hidden. My husband & I shared the crab cake which was delicious!  Not full of fillers. This was CRAB cakes ;) We then shared the lobster rolls & it was plenty for the 2 of us. Very yummy!  We had great service & since place was nearly empty, we had a nice chat with the bartender.  He was great!  He also mentioned that RM Seafood will be moving upstairs to another location sometime soon. Maybe this will make them easier to find!  Hope so, because you don't want to miss this place!Overall a great experience & we really like Rick Moonen's views on sustainable seafood harvesting. So we'd support his place for sure the next time were in town.
5	I went in 2009 to experience the best eats of Las Vegas (and propose to my girlfriend). I had seen Chef Moonan on Top Chef and though it wasn't a scheduled stop, we made it to RM Seafood for lunch.Best fish I have ever had in my life and the second best meal I have partook. I remember it was the black cod over puffed rice and I don't remember what my gf had but both dishes were amazing. We were so overwhelmed, we went upstairs and interrupted the dinner service meeting to tell the GM and Executive Chef our thanks and praise.My only regret was not going back for dinner but all our nights had reservations.Kudos Kudos Chef Moonan
5	Food: tried a Tuna Melt and a Cesar Salad. The sandwich was a perfect combination of herbs -- including tarragon. The tuna had an ideal texture and arrived on Texas toast. There was a waxy layer of melted cheese over the top of it. It is served with potato chips made in RM's own kitchen. I found the potato chips too oily and would prefer cole slaw or (?) I arrived as the kitchen was serving the last lunch menu items of the day and would soon begin set up for dinner. Waitstaff were helpful and friendly.Facility: This review covers the causal dining section downstairs. The upscale dining room is on the second floor. When you arrive, you may notice the biggest pivot door I've ever seen. Everything in the dining room was unusually clean. No fingerprints or smudges on the chrome or glass. There were no wayward napkins or vegetables on the floor. Spotless!Editorial: Altruism is doing something for others with no expectation you'll benefit. Rick is cool because he granted an interview to the 2011 team of Roadtrip Nation. There was some risk in doing this and he got no direct benefit from the interview. This was generous and cool. Suggestions for improvement: none.
5	My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)Go or No?  Go!!!   Tease:   Top Chef Master Champion, Rick Moonen's seafood restaurant in Las Vegas.Why I went:  Because Rick Moonen is known to be a darn good chef!  We were in Vegas, and this stop was a must for us.When:  11/18/13Food:  My wife and I ordered up!  We started with some cocktails.  My wife had a Down for the Count, which was very refreshing.  I had Coffee & Cigarettes (with Fernet Branca and Laphroaig Scotch I believe).  It could possibly be THE BEST COACKTAIL I'VE EVER HAD!  Not kidding!  You have to love bitter, intense drinks...but man was that delicious!!!  The mixologist has won a number of competitions, and it's no wonder!  I had one more cocktail after dinner called a Boulevardier, which I think was a take on a Negroni with Scotch.  Another home run by the barman!  To start the meal, my wife had an amazingly well prepared Caesar salad and I had a clam chowder that was out of this world!  It was just rich enough without being too much so.  The littleneck clams in the soup were fresh, plentiful and tasty!  My wife and I both got the Surf & Surf.  It is 3 big shrimps on a mushroom mix, and a  1/2 lobster pouched on a truffle risotto.  We also added a  1/2 lb. of king crab.  It was a shellfish spectacular!  Every item was cooked to perfection!  The shrimp has a nice snap, the lobster was simply ridiculous, and the crab was just plain darn good.  We also shared some garlic bread and Brussels sprouts to add to the fun!  The garlic bread soaked up the wonderful sauces, and the sprouts kept us honest with some vegetation!Service:  Simply excellent.  Carlo did a fantastic job in explaining all the dishes and making recommendations after talking with us about our likes and dislikes.  He did equally well with the cocktails.  Anyone that gets Carlos will have one of the most attentive and cool waiters one could have.Hints/Final thoughts:  What's left to say?  If you like seafood and you're in Vegas; it would be a crime to pass up on RM Seafood.  Even if you were only to grab a cocktail and a snack...it's well worth it!  If you are up for a robust drink, ask for the Coffee & Cigarettes!
3	Ate at the casual restaurant downstairs. I really don't know how it's considered "casual" (with the prices and services seemed like fine dining to me.) We started off with a selection of oysters ( variety of six oysters) fresh and delish followed by the Escabeche which was meh okay and proceeded to our main dish King salmon was good and Fish and chips was also good, we finished off with dessert of course, Angel food cake Harry's Berries sweetened Whipped very yummy. Overall it's better than okay but doesn't make my fan list. I would definitely give this place another shot but next time I'll visit upstairs and see what the raving is all about.
5	great seafood and management and staff are wonderful.
4	I dined here twice with friends while staying at Mandalay Bay for a convention.  I highly recommend the seafood tower!  It made our evening!
1	VERY BAD experience at this 'establishment' ..i called last week to make reservations for my husband and i since we were watching the Michael Jackson One show and this restaurant is located right next to the theatre .When i called,the guy that was taking my reservation was either high or he had NO clue how to make a reservation..It was a painful process and very valuable 20minutes i had to waste...So today...i wasn't too surprised when i approached the host and was told that we were not even on the list..We were asked to wait 15minutes..so here we are..waiting and waiting and everybody else is going in..i got upset and asked the host how much longer would it take..she apologized again and this and that.......SO FRUSTRATING..especially being my hubby's birthday..finally got seated at the corner table in the weirdest place possible...i asked to speak to a manager..and all the time we were there..no manager showed up..I asked 3times for a piece of cake with a candle on it for the birthday boy..no freaking cake..HONESTLY PEOPLE!!!that was the last drop.... Regarding the food...meh..i ve had better..we had the steamed mussels which were sandy and the shrimp cocktail which was not deveined all the way through ,then they messed up my steak and my hubby's seafood pasta was ..ok..The only good thing was the bottle of wine we ordered remembering all the other good restaurants we could have enjoyed .
3	Just had dinner at RM Seafood.  The Surf and Surf was good - lobster on truffle risotto and shrimp on mushroom duxelle. I had the Crab Duo - the jumbo lump crab cake was outstanding and it was served with three king crab legs which were fresh.  Good service and nice atmosphere.  Wouldn't rave about this place but for fresh seafood in Las Vegas it is very good.
3	I like to stay at THE Hotel at MB when I go to Vegas and have prolly eaten at every restaurant in the place except for RM Seafood. SO on this visit, myself and two friends decided to check it out. We ordered a variety of things including the fish tacos, the burrata salad, the green curry mussells and the mac and cheese. I specifically asked the waiter if the fish tacos were grilled or fried and he told me grilled. Unfortunately, when the tacos came out they were fried.  It wasn't a huge deal but when I pointed it out he said the Chef had changed the recipe and he wasn't aware. He offered to bring me new ones but I had already just peeled the batter off so it wasn't a big deal BUT I was disappointed the wait staff and Chef don't have better communication. This really shouldn't happen in a restaurant of this caliber. The watermelon and burrata salad was tasty if sparse with a very small pile of burrata.  The flavors were very good but it's really not for sharing as barely enough of an appetizer for one person. My friend's green curry mussels were a disappointment -- they were very unappetizing to look at as the sauce was super thin and a very unpalatable dull green color. The mac and cheese w pork was yummy but has a very distinct jalapeno taste so if you're not a fan I'd stay away from that dish. The highlight of lunch was the ice cream name game dessert -- which was really fun! Recommend you try it but be warned there are some nearly impossible ones so odds are you won't guess them all. Chamomile?! All in all I'd go back in a pinch as some of the dishes were tasty but it's not anywhere near the top of my Vegas list.
3	I was very excited about finally eating at one of Rick Moonen's restaurants.  The food did not disappoint, although the restaurant needs a bit of a makeover.When we walked over to the restaurant after walking through the casino I was surprised by the sad, pathetic entrance, with strange "outdoor" seating - outdoor in the sense that it is outside the interior of the restaurant. This is not where you want to sit - feels like you are in a very dated mall, it's next to an exit and escalator.  The hostess tried to seat us there, even she knew it wasn't good and quickly accommodated us inside when we asked for different seating.  The interior itself is ok but belies the level and quality of food that is served.  It's very monochromatic and neutral, clean and open but so boring and uninspired.The food delivered though.  Great oysters and crab salad to start, followed up by super cioppino and some sushi rolls that my husband greatly enjoyed.  everything was extremely fresh and of the quality you would expect.  The only thing that was a little disappointing was the key lime pie dessert - portion size was way too big and overall taste and texture were underwhelming.The chef came out and was talking to diners, and chatted with us for a few minutes; was nice to see that he would take the time to do that.The restaurant did not fill up, even at prime time, which was too bad since the food is excellent; maybe a little makeover would help business a little.
5	I normally do not like seafood, but this place was excellent. The food was great and so was the service. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely go back for more seafood exploration.
4	My friends were visiting from San Francisco and felt like having seafood.  Everything was awesome! I had a tangerine cocktail that was to die for! We ordered the steamed clams, steamed mussels, foie gras, cioppino, escabeche, and clam chowder.  I'm usually picky with my seafood, meaning that it must be prepared and done right so RM did not disappoint.  I would definitely go back again on a date night with the husband or on another lady's night.
5	I don't know why it was given less than 4 star. Other than the fact that price is a little over the top... it's some good food!!!I am giving it 5 because everything we ordered was great!1. crab cake - totally good. real crab. not burnt or dry. not fishy. just the way a crab cake should be. 2. Catfish sloppy Joe - surprisingly good. looks like sloopy joe and it's good like a sloppy joe..fish wasn't dry. 3. Tasting game - 16 flavor ice cream - you have to guess the flavor of each ice cream. FUN and the ice cream/Sorbet was SO GOOD. We got 14 (or 13) out of 16.4. Hawaiian sunrise roll & Futo Fireball Roll. Yum. And Yum. Fresh, great flavors in your mouth, not over sauced...just some damn good rolls. And we saw Rick Moonen. He's real. Just sayin'.
4	Having a friend who works at Mandalay Bay, I find myself here for lunches quite often. Today she suggested that we try out this place and I am SSOOOO glad she did. Luckily it was fairly quiet by the time we got there and we were seated immediately. The server quickly came over and got our drink order.Having been there before my girlfriend order an appetizer special that was to die for, but sadly I can't remember the name and it's not on the website. It had fresh cheese, watermelon, tomatoes, and croutons. I'm all about good cheese and this was clearly fresh and amazingly tasty.I ordered the Cioppino with Pasta, while my friend order the Wagyu Beef Frites. I was a bit hesitant as Cioppino doesn't typically come with pasta but I was pleasantly surprised at the tasty huge, ring noodles and the stew itself was fantastic. You could tell the fish was fresh. You would have thought that I hadn't eaten in a week the way I dug into that dish.I got the chance try a bite of her Wagyu and I immediately let out a, "Yum." I mean really, how wrong can you go with Wagyu anyhow, but this was so tasty and tender I wonder if I ordered the wrong meal. I suppose I'll just have to go back soon and try it out for myself.All in all it was a great meal, great service, and great atmosphere. I have a huge aversion to the Strip in general, but this place made driving in traffic worth every second. If you are craving seafood and are at Mandalay Bay, I highly recommend RM Seafood. You won't be disappointed.
4	Super excited to have lunch at RM Seafood...yes, I'm a Rick Moonen fan.  Food did not disappoint - loved the shrimp po'boy.....great flavor and seasoning...the "thing" that sealed the deal for me was the dessert.  I ordered the Fat Elvis, which is a peanut butter, bacon, chocolate and banana spring-roll with a passion fruit caramel sauce.  Po'boy good...fat Elvis, even better.  (Would have given this place "5" stars, but it's time to expand.)
3	I had dinner on Friday, August 9th.  Since I was a single diner, I did make a reservation, but I really did not need one.  The service was very good and attentive.  I started with the grilled octopus and it was delicious but you had to get past the tentacles.  By the way, the biscuit and the cornbread was the best I have had outside of the south.  Melt in your mouth good.  I then moved on my main entree, surf and surf with a side of scallops.  My scallops were under cooked and the shrimp and lobster over cooked.  However, the kitchen happily re did my order and the scallops were better, the shrimp were still a little tough, but still very good.  The bed of risotto was excellent and the micro greens were tasty.  Overall, a tad bit pricy, and I did have to send my dish back, so I can only give it three stars.  I would return and try something new as well.
3	Delicious fresh seafood, good service, and comfortable half booths. Definitely the best lobster Mac n cheese we've had, but it is $46! There's a generous portion of succulent lobster though. The cioppino is also ok with lots of fresh seafood. I didn't care for the circle pasta it came with though. Overall, a good seafood restaurant in the Mandalay Bay.
5	One of my long time favorites in town, Burger Bar, has seriously gone downhill in recent visits. This drop in quality has left Mandalay Bay with an opening for someone to step in with a great burger. Citizen's recently failed to do so, but some recent messages from a few readers let me to an unassuming location: RM Seafood. Going into a seafood restaurant to try a burger seems blasphemous, but I'm around for one task regardless of the type of venue. I've also gotten a tip that the newly opened Rx Boiler Room has a great burger, but that will have to be tackled soon on another trip.In my mind I always think the interior is a bit dated since it's been there a while, but it still holds up quite well. Adorned with a wood-paneled ceiling, lots of stainless and white finishes, the very open space is still a cool place to dine. There is a small patio area that's open to the entrance of Mandalay Place, but it's a bit loud out there unless you're just looking to be seen while dining. Both the lunch and dinner menus obviously feature some excellent selections in the seafood realm, but they also happen to offer a couple burgers. Looking to sample the basic flavors of their burger, I decided to skip the surf & turf as well as the one that comes with BBQ pork mac and cheese.The simpler RM Burger comes with certified Angus beef, tomato bacon jam and gruyere. The bun was great; well proportioned, buttery and delicious. It was crispy and buttery until the very end. The meat had good char flavor on outside, was cooked and seasoned very well. The bacon tomato jam was excellent, but almost too outdone by the garlic mayo mixed in the greens which also had great flavor. As for those greens, it was arugula as opposed to your typical lettuce, and a welcome change; crispy and just enough. I was extremely surprised but the quality and flavors in this burger, and couldn't have been happier with it.I usually want to hate shoestring fries, but these were both seasoned and flavorful enough that I didn't have to shove a giant handful at once in my mouth to get any flavor out of them. They were cooked well, and didn't have any of the odd oil flavor that I come across far too often. As I said previously, I couldn't have been more surprised by this burger; no one has mentioned it to me until recently, and that's a pity. At $18 it's a bit on the expensive side, but as you can easily spend the same or more at Burger Bar I'd rather spend it here. I did a quick search and found a burger on Stripsteak's menu that I guess I'll also have to try, but until I do I can easily state that the RM Seafood burger is currently the best one I've had at Mandalay Bay.
3	Five star food, good wait service. Snarky floor manager.  The edamame was interesting, citrus seasoning.  The sushi was excellent.  Roll with lemon zest was fresh and very tasty. The garlic tuna, very yummy.  And one other roll was great.  Presentation was beautiful. Desert was awesome, white chocolate bread pudding, exotic and tasty.  Word of caution: if you slip your toes out of your Tory Burch sandals, you will get scolded by the floor manager girl.  Ask my wife!  Yikes a bit too snarky for me!  Sorry manager lost two stars on account if your brusque and unnecessary scolding.
5	We went here during happy hour and I have fallen in love with this place! I'm from the East Coast, so any seafood I inspect with a fine tooth comb. When I heard about RM, I didn't expect anything spectacular.What makes is place is not only the food, but the staff. I don't get how any establishment can take pride in their service if their staff aren't up to par. The female bartender made our night, (sorry, I forgot your name) she was professional, friendly, and got our half-funny jokes. I had a Tom Collins which was made from scratch and it tasted delicious! And I'm not a gin person, but she made it so good, I had to have two (or three, four..). You must try the Seafood Escabeche! It may look small but it packs a punch with the fresh taste and spices!! The California roll was spot on as well! The second time around it was great too, but the server was totally clueless. She forgot one of my friend's order, then when we asked if was ok for separate checks, she gave us the check without a total and ripped, then didn't give the right change back. Think she needed a lesson in Math 101 and customer service.
5	Yum, yum, and yum.  After a week+ in the desert, we were in need of of some serious fancypants food and drink.  RM Seafood fit the bill quite nicely.  The craft cocktails are a treat.  The sushi rolls are out of this world.  Don't miss the lobster mac n' cheese.  My companion very much enjoyed the oyster sampler.  My only critique is about the hostess.  She is clearly unhappy with her job and/or her station in life.  Smiling now and then would be a vast improvement.
3	We celebrated my sister's birthday here. You'll see a picture of Rick Moonen outside promoting Top Chef Masters...we were expecting a lot from this restaurant.  The restaurant is well-lit and they have a nice bar.Lobster Rolls:Chopped lobster meat with mayo and dill on a hotdog bun. The flavor is lacking and the bun wasn't buttery or toasted. Disappointing. You get two lobster rolls, a pickle and chips.  2/5Shrimp Tacos:Three tacos with not much filling. Roasted tomatillo pico, smoked bacon and avo crema. Soft taco shell outside a hard taco shell...where's the shrimp? 2/5Fish & Chips:3 lightly beer-battered pieces of fish in a small basket of herbed potato wedges. Pretty good after a series of misses. 4/5Key Lime Pie:Swiss meringue on top of the pie with cilantro syrup. Great crust and the meringue cuts down on the tartness of limes. A pretty rendition of the old key lime pie. The cilantro syrup was alright. 4/5Warm Apple Blondie: A blondie topped with vanilla bean ice cream, chopped caramel apples and cranberry sauce on the side. Good blondie...like a soft version of applie pie a la mode 4/5Maple Cheesecake:Snickerdoodle crumble dippe in white chocolate with  raspberry reduction and pecan bourbon ice cream on the side. Cake pop sans the stick 3/5The service was great. The food was just marginal.
1	We have been here before a time or two and never found it anywhere near excellent, but not terrible either. The Restaurant Week menu caught our eye on the night we checked into THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay (August 29, 2013) and it seemed like a OK choice given proximity and our advanced state of hunger from traveling.And the food was not bad. It was not excellent or distinguished, but it was not terrible. But the service was memorable, memorably terrible! -- perhaps the worst we have ever had anywhere, and we dine out A LOT.  The appetizer (mussels in a curried broth) took forever to arrive and then weren't the mussels we had ordered but clams. We refused the erroneous plate and I guess that was more than our waiter was willing to tolerate. From that moment on he was openly rude at table, unwilling to acknowledge efforts to contact as he glided around the mostly empty room ignoring us, never did bring the biscuits that we paid extra for, all in all as hostile, surly and obnoxious as he could be. It took over an hour from the time of the appetizer failure for our entrees to be served, and they had cooled to virtually room temp by the time the waiter deigned to serve them. Two different bus persons apologized for our waiter's conduct, so obvious was it that he was acting out inappropriately. But no manager appeared to salvage our dining experience. We left deeply disappointed in our choice among so many good restaurants in the Mandalay concourse. Rick M seemed like a really dedicated chef the season that he was on Top Chef Masters. I wonder if he has any idea what abusive and unprofessional waiter practices are going on in his house and his name in Las Vegas?
4	Came here strictly for the gelato tasting challenge.Was seated at the bar for the challenge. Service at the bar was very good, the bartenders offered various recommendations about the menu, even though we were there for the gelato tasting. The bartenders also offered a lot of small talk regarding the various happenings around Vegas, which is definitely a plus for service. We did end up ordering a Rainbow roll, which was a bit disappointing, as the quality of the roll didn't seem as good or fresh compared to some sushi restaurants I have been to.The gelato tasting challenge was very fun. The tasting begins with 16 different gelatos of various flavors; and you are given a sheet of paper with blank circles, which corresponds to each of the porcelain cups of gelato. Once you are finished, the bartender/server will bring out a sheet of paper with the actual flavors, with which you can compare how well you did. At the end, my party scored 7/16; which wasn't too bad. There were definitely some interesting flavors such as blueberry buttermilk, mango salsa, honey mustard...Although you don't win anything for doing well at the tasting challenge, it is definitely an interesting and fun experience to have with friends. I would definitely recommend trying this challenge; especially for those who have had eaten lots of different things, as it might help identify the more "obscure" flavors.
3	Food is good, not great. Service is good, not geat. Ambiance is good, not great.  But prices are way too high for a good, not great, restaurant. I would probably not return.
5	My husband and I had one of the best dining experiences here, we ate in the upstairs dining room and service was above and beyond. Food was even better, presentations are unique and seem small at first, but packs so much flavor we were more than satisfied at the end of the meal. Loved the unique creme brule with fruit on the bottom so creative, and also appreciated all the chef's little extras through out the meal. We also actually got to see the owner Rick Moonen which was so cool.
3	While the food and service were good, the prices  were clearly 50% more than the food and atmosphere were worth.  You are obviously paying a huge premium for the name.  So if you like good food and trendy places and don't mind paying exorbitant prices for it, this is your place.
2	Very small portions, but good food. Had a perfectly cooked fillet minion, but $60 and they could have served with a toothpick, it was so small.  Same for rest of our party. Excellent salmon, but maybe 5 bites again $60. Everything is a la carte so sides extra. Thai papaya salad good, and key lime pie great.
2	The rolls we ordered were pretty bland. I've had much, much better at lots of different places. Had a good butternut squash soup and a so-so appetizer. Really just mediocre. If forced to go back I would probably avoid sushi and try regular seafood options I guess. The gelato tasting challenge was great though. Highly recommend even if you just go for that. Fun for 3-4 people.
1	DO NOT ORDER any meat!!!!  We order appetizers, good.  We ordered the Steak, and asked for Medium-Rare on the RARE side.  It was pink, which I consider MEDIUM.  We told the waiter, and the supervisor came by and said she understood we thought the steak was overcooked.  BUT, they did NOTHING about it, did not make us another steak or take anything off the check.  $70 for an overcooked piece of tasteless beef.  WILL NOT GO BACK if they is how they take care of their customers........
5	I am a huge fan of clam chowder and this one hit the spot. The portion is generous and had a good amount of clams. I also got the seared scallops...these melted in my mouth. I would also highly recommend asking your server for bread...the cornbread and biscuit were amazing!!!
1	Went in for lunch yesterday 1st time in. It wasn't too busy. We sat for 10 minutes before anyone came to our table. The waiter finally came over and asked us what kind of water we wanted. He never came back. We waited almost 15 more minutes and left. We told the hostess why we were leaving and she said she was sorry. I guess I will never find out if the food is good or not. The service definitely was not good.
4	Rick Moonen's Seafood restaurant is indeed world class.  The clam chowder is truly worth the price.  Stick with the raw and steamed seafood and you will have a great meal.  It baffles me why this restaurant does not get more love.  I think think the heavy sticker price is a deterrent.  The clam chowda is a must.  It would be the envy of many in Boston!
2	Clearly comfortable with their location.  The presentation was 3 stars, the food was 2 stars, the price was 6 stars.  The soup was weak and for $15 a bowl...you have to at least get that right.  I would not recommend this restaurant.
2	The food here was really good, but we experienced some of the most obnoxious service I've ever encountered. He basically "upsold" us at every opportunity--asking whether we wanted "seafood towers for the table" while we placed our orders, and offering to add something to everything we ordered ("that green salad is great with crab.....you should get foie gras on that steak"). The worst was when he suggested "a bunch of double sides for the table" (why we needed mac and cheese and mashed potatoes when everyone was ordering sushi and crab, I have no idea)----we ignored the suggestion, and he brought them anyway, which probably added $80 to our bill. We are huge fans of Rick Moonens and were excited to eat here, but we left this place feeling swindled.  Really a bummer.
2	Napkins shed little white flakes all over your clothes, the lobster and and soups are great, but the crab was bitter.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Beautiful restaurant located in the Mandalay Bay. The food is great! The service was great! And the cocktails were delicious! I definitely recommend this place for some great seafood!
5	Went here for a special birthday dinner for my Extreme Seafood Loving Mom, and we were all quite excited. My mother because my dad hates fish, and therefore she never gets to go out to eat anywhere where that's the specialty. My husband and I, because we are the sort of losers that love watching cooking shows on TV and have been perpetually drooling over Rick Moonen's foods for years. Okay, so I lied. 3 of us were thrilled, my dad was a stick in the mud.We each ordered a different dish; I had Sturgeon, my husband Scallops, my mom Turbot, and my dad some sort of steak thing, which is all the man ever eats.The food was wonderful. Everything was beautiful, and perfectly prepared. On top of that, every dish seemed to have some little extra special something; a side you'd never think of, or a sauce, or just a flavor. All of it was simply sublime. The service, though, was even better than the food. My parents are "shy" and "simple" people by their own description, and don't "need any fancy food. Its too good for us." And they can be made to feel stupid at some nice restaurants. Our server was so wonderfully good to them. They treated my mom like she was some restaurant critic and not a nervous tourist from Minnesota. He explained the menu, helped her pick, and did it all without a drop of condescension. And so she actually had fun. And so we stayed for probably way too long, and had desert and wine and cocktails and....Yeah, everything you hope for on a fancy night out. "Once in a Lifetime" experience for my mom, and a place I'll be happy to go back to soon.
4	Chris was terrific..hostess beautiful and skilled as quickly recognized I did care for the table and chairs me another. ise roll definitely recommended..miso soup was just good enough...Ambiance is good deep inside ..not on the outside...prices: consistent w vegas
3	I had the clam chowder here and I can only compare it with the claim chowder I've had at Sea Harvest Fish Market in Monterey. This clam chowder was loaded with many seasonings and spices, a bit too much for such a wide, white bowl. I prefer a less complicated approach not peppered over with so many extras in a bread bowl please to fill me up. That's the only way to serve clam chowder.  Forget the fluff & aim for great taste like seaside restaurants across the world.
3	Food was outstanding, and service was great. The only issue that I had was that when our bill came out there was some cryptic prices that weren't accurately discussed while ordering the way they should have been. For this reason I will refrain from 4 stars.
3	I am not a seafood fan.  I came here because others in the group are fans.  Just like all other seafood joints they have other options.  The decor is cool and modern.  The service is solid.  It is quite expensive for what you get.  Part of that is because you are in Las Vegas, but at those price points I expect more.For my meal I ordered the Cedar River Filet Mignon.  The filet comes with a red wine jus.  The filet was solid.  It was prepared as ordered.  The problem is I was expecting a $54 filet, and got a $35-$40 filet.  I had hoped for better flavor and texture.  It was by no means bad, it just did not live up to expectations.For a side I chose the Old Bay Fries with remoulade.  The fries were ok.  The remoulade had good flavor.  Once again, for the price you want and expect more.Overall this is a solid place.  My review will not help most as I did not eat any of the seafood options.  You will get a good meal here, but for the price you can get a much better meal in Las Vegas.
4	If it is all about the food for you, then this is a great place.  Nice variety of dishes, well seasoned, cooked to perfection.  My top choice in LV for going out with friends without having them blanch at the final bill.   Service is generally good, but not consistent.  Not a fan of the location or the decor, but the great food makes up for these relatively minor negatives.
2	The food here was great but it took so long that I forgot what I ordered.  I think our waiter forgot about our table my brother ordered a beer an hour later it was on the bill but still hadn't showed up and our water occasionally got refilled.  Like I said horrible half rude service but great food
3	My wife and I had reservations at rm on valentines night. We where staying at  vdara and had to make it to the Mandalay bay by 6:15, unfortunately the traffic on the strip didn't allows to arrive until 7 I spoke to the host on the phone and explained my situation she gave us a brake. We where treated good my the wait staff. We started with a dozen Kumamoto oysters, and a bowl of the clam chowder. The oysters where good but a bit big for kumamotos I was expecting to see better quality here. The chowder all I can say is I had better, I just got back from San Francisco so maybe I'm spoiled. I had the surf and surf witch included shrimp and lobster not begin huge on shrimp I asked if I could switch the shrimp for scallops and pay the difference they gladly accommodated. It was a delicious lobster fresh and tasty. The scallops where great as well. I had two sculpin IPAs to accompany my food, it's becoming more and more common everywhere. Overall a good experience and great service but the plates where just not what I was expecting.
2	OVERPRICED!  I'm willing to pay $25 for a sushi roll but it had better be good.  The food here lacked flavor.  Only good things were corn bread muffin and crispy  in bread basket.  Fish was not fresh. Service was good.
4	Everything here was pretty amazing - from the decor, ambience, workers, food, and all of the above.  We walked into the restaurant in the midst of transitioning from lunch to dinner.  The host and the other workers were all so accommodating to make sure we were comfortable and had something to drink while we waited.  The bartenders were friendly and made us their signature drinks.  As for the waiter, he took us to our high chair type of table and it was smooth sail from there.  Not only did the chef come out to introduce himself, he even personalized a dish upon my request!  I told him I looooovvvvvve capers... and what does he make?? Something so simple, yet so delicious! Mash potatoes with capers! Who would've known that goes so well together!?  Not only did it taste delicious, I used it to clean my palate :PWe ordered so much that night... we even squeezed in an order of their dessert platter!  We could not neglect a course and later on regret that we didn't try any of their sweets! haha...
5	RM has excellent quality seafood. Prices are high, but not out of line for upscale Vegas. Good appetizers. Love the papaya salad.
2	We were underwhelmed...had high expectations but our dishes just didn't impress.  Lobster mashed potatoes I should have sent back...potatoes were watery and had mealy texture...not creamy at all.  Diver scallop entree was just OK, they were seared but there was no caramelized sweet rich taste that you expect with scallops.  Drinks at the bar were handcrafted and a very good experience....all in all I was disappointed in the food and would not return.
4	Wonderful food, and excellent service.We had a hour before the Michael Jackson One show, so things were a little rushed, wish had more time to enjoy the food.Everything was delicious.  One slight disappointment for my wife was the Wagayu hanger steak, a little tough to chew...  But then again, this is a seafood place, even she acknowledged she should have gone with her first choice of the sturgeon.Our waiter was great, got everything fired on time for us to make the show with plenty of time to spare.  He was attentive and helpful, and helped to get my wife the marrow bones to accompany her entree.Any downside at all, was that there was something between the waiters that night, you can see the stress and hear the mutterings and the unhappy faces when they are not actually serving anyone...  But it didn't affect our service at all, just something for the management to deal with...
4	Restaurant Week - Spring 2014 - $50.14This was our second time visiting RM Seafood.  However, we only sampled ice cream during our first visit so I'm not really counting that time.After getting our orders in, cornbread and biscuits arrived and they were so yum! We devoured them and they asked us if we wanted more.  Of course!  The second batch wasn't quite as good though.First Course:*  California Roll "King Crab, Avocado, Cucumber, Sesame Seed" - Normally, I wouldn't be ordering CA roll and it's probably because I'm a bit of  sushi snob.  But since they did advertise King crab and the waitress recommended it, we felt like we should.  You definitely see the chunks of crab in this roll, but the seaweed was definitely chewy in not a good way.  If you attempted to bite into the piece, you either have to avoid the seaweed on the first bite or take it all in.* Rick's White Clam Chowder "Potatoes, Littleneck Clams, Bacon" - I definitely got the chunks of potatoes and clams, but didn't really taste the bacon in there.  There was also a strong taste in there that wasn't particularly my favorite part of it, the Husband said it was wine.Second Course:* Wagyu Hanger Steak "Lobster Mashed Potatoes, Red Wine Jus" - We were amazed with the generous portion of this steak and they had cooked it perfectly rare.  It was damn beautiful.  The mashed potatoes had chunks of lobster tail and claw meat throughout which surprised us both.  That was one delicious entree and a winner!* Diver Scallops "Roasted Cauliflower, Toasted Almonds, Drunken Raisins" - Three perfectly cooked scallops with citrus peels and raisins that added a lovely and surprisingly sweetness to the scallops.  It was a really nice dish.  My only complaint would be that I wish there was a bit more sauce for my scallops.  But I would definitely order the scallops again!Third Course:* Nutella Creme Brulee "Toasted Hazlenuts, Carmelized Banana" - This was a nice size dessert course, although we were disappointed that the creme brulee wasn't warm.  Although we ordered two creme brulees, a key lime pie ended up on our table.  We let the server know immediately that wasn't ours and they took it away and brought out another creme brulee shortly.  When our waitress brought our check, we think she may have taken the Husband's dessert before he was completely finished.  It was only a couple more bites, but when he realized it was gone, he was a bit disappointed.Overall, service was good.  The waitress was smart about bringing utensils for both of us for everything, assuming we were sharing and we were.  I had asked her about the ice cream sampler and she had mentioned she would bring the dessert menu by at the end of our meal.  She obviously forgot, as did I.  The amount of food in this prix fixe is generous.  We were hurting for sure.  The oyster menu and its descriptions sound fabulous and definitely had me curious about them all. We were seated in the outer part of the restaurant, so I could still smell the cigarette smoke from the casino.  If this is a concern, it's probably best to be seated further inside the restaurant.  I would definitely return and order the steak and scallops for sure!
5	Great food and a casual atmosphere. You must start with the RM Escabeche! It's a good size portion of crab mussels calamari and shrimp in a flavorful vinaigrette. It's so light and refreshing. The also have an amazing mushroom and truffle risotto that's flavorful and not too heavy. I love that they have all sustainable seafood and everything is super fresh.
5	Love the quality of seafood. The fresh crab and sushi are my favorites. Both times the waiter wasn't engaged with us we were clearly just a number to him. Both times we have visited it wasn't busy, so I was shocked still the wait staff was unimpressive. However, the hostess both times was very welcoming.
2	What the heck is the hype about?came here for a business dinner. bad move. Too damn loud. there's some sort of bar upstairs with a bad cover band playing, I couldn't hear a word from the person across the table. That's my fault for not either leaving or moving immediately, but the impression they're trying to convey is of a classy seafood restaurant, and the damn band upstairs just blows it.I had been warned about the greed and upselling of the wait staff here. Sad to say it was all true. I'm sure it's not the waiter's fault but a management decision. The snotty prick started in on the platter of appetizers and how recommended they are. Of course they're recommended, it's "market price". he's shilling the wine, "recommending" the most expensive crap on the way overpriced menu.So we order, and of course it's "do you want scallops on that"? not mentioning the 20 extra bucks they're going to stick you with.Food comes, we have to ask twice for things, and when they screw up and bring us an extra side, the jackwagon tries to take it back. No way brother, not my problem.Food was borderline. I had scallops, (3) for 40 bucks, and they came on shrimp that tasted weird and were dried out. others had cioppino and said it was passable, but again way overpriced.The sides were very good. Green beans were fresh and crisp, Brussels sprouts were very good too, and the mac and cheese was odd but tasty.Wine was overpriced, but not any more than any other Vegas clip joint.So the bill comes, and they have already added 20% gratuity for a party of 7. WTF? Then the waiter adds, "we've added a space there for an additional gratuity, much appreciated". No way, pal.I really don't mind spending real money on dinner in Las Vegas, you kind of expect it. $ 1000 dinners with customers is just part of the game, but this just felt like a rip off.
4	Thank you Groupon, $46 for two entrees and a carafe of wine, excellent deal! I got the black cod it was amazing slightly sweet (I ordered because I love Nobu's black cod, although Nobu's is waaayy better!) it was super tasty. Also had the grilled asparagus which was awesome with the sauce that accompanied it. The house wine they gave for the carafe (chose the red) was also very good. I definitely recommend RM Seafood, hope to make it back sometime soon to try some more things on the menu.
3	My family and I dined at RM Seafood on Christmas of 2009 (this review is long overdue). Even though this meal was nearly five years ago, I remember it to be quite pleasant and enjoyable, although incredibly overpriced. I have no recollection of what my father or I ordered, but I do remember my sister ordered the "BLT" Iceberg Salad (currently priced at $14) and at the age of 14, she was surprised when a giant chunk of iceberg lettuce was placed in front of her, and she realized she had to eat the salad with a knife and fork. My mom had gotten the Maine Lobster, which was market priced and around $80 at that time. Even though it was delicious, my mom realized she could get the same Maine Lobster over at Red, White & Blue for almost half the price at $50. Since RWB is no longer open, I guess if we ever stay at Mandalay Bay again, we're going to have to go to RM Seafood for good, albeit pricey, lobster.
4	They try to use sustainable seafood here so I gave this place a try during Restaurant Week 2014.  I got the California Roll to start with because I love king crab.  Rolls were just okay, I was not used to how they cut their rolls.  Not what I expected, but at least the ginger was fresh.  Next dish was the Diver Scallops.  I would come back for this dish alone.  Well-presented and delicious!  The roasted cauliflower, toasted almonds, and drunken raisins complemented the scallops well.  So many flavors in one mouth.  Dessert was key lime pie.  Presentation was good and so was the taste.   Everything went well with the red wine one of my friends ordered, I forgot to ask her what kind it was.  Our waiter was attentive.  Atmosphere was casual and good for the friends I was with.  Gratuity was already added to our group of six people.  Overall, an enjoyable time.
1	Not that great food. Overpriced. The chef RM (had never heard of him before) has created a recipe that mixes bacon beer and mussels (who eats that?). The sturgeon I had was just blah. The papaya salad was average. The price of the farm raised (which I confirmed) sturgeon was $42. The price of papaya salad $12. I think the food is overrated and way overpriced. I accidentally discovered on google it was rated 4.5. Trust the yelp reviews. Summary: overpriced and food that you can find cheaper and better in the Midwest (I guess most tourists in Vegas come from Midwest and south).
4	Our dogs were barking after walking 5 hours on concrete convention floor, and we needed an easy and lighter fare dinner.  Decision was made to eat here as it was the closer of 2 restaurants along Luxor-Mandalay Bay's "restaurant row", that I'd made a reservation for that evening (yep, I canceled the other reservation).  We were not disappointed.  Fresh and delicious seafood, with reasonable wine prices, absolutely fantastic pre-meal breads (best drop biscuits I've ever eaten, BTW and I'm remembering them 3 weeks later), and a swank ambiance.  The night we ate there it was still Happy Hour on arrival, so we noshed on appetizers, small plates, and 4-5 different types of fresh oysters flown in that morning.  Add a great server to the mix and there's your 5 stars (ask for George, Dining Captain; he's been there 6 years).Food items: Cioppino (Italian seafood stew); charred grilled octopus w/ fingerling potatoes; fresh oysters; seafood escabeche; various sushi rolls.  All 5 stars for flavor and presentation, and 7.00 wines by the glass that were plain wonderful.  (Note: the mussels in our cioppino were bad so our server went straight to the chef, who inspected the entire daily mussel batch; their only miscue of the evening).Big Tip on RM: Arrive while Happy Hour is still going on; you'll save lots of dough and really enjoy the chic bar area.  Try one of the high-top tables, you won't regret it.  The hostess said (addressing our very tired convention feet) that the bar seats are the most comfortable she's ever sat in, so we took her advice and did so.  She was right.  It was like sliding into a luxury car seat.  We let our dining room seating go to someone else (dining room is equally chic and no doubt comfy). Our bill with tip, for 3 people was $250.00, but with plenty of wine (and I think a few cocktails) on the bill, and being in Vegas, that's not bad at all for the experience we had at RM.
1	Can I rate it this zero stars instead of one? Worst food, worst portions, worst service, weak drinks. Pathetic.
5	Everything was delicious and the service was great! Had the clam chowder and papaya split for two which was a perfect portion. Also had the spicy ahi sushi which was tasty. The calamari was cooked perfectly, melted in my mouth. No complaints and I'd definitely come back!
4	We came for a conference at Mandalay Bay and just wanted a quick bite. RM Seafood might not have been the best choice for QUICK bite, but I'd say it was worth the wait. I've seen a lot of other reviews mentioning the price being steep - it is. If I had to pay for it out of pocket (instead of the boss'), I probably would think twice. Thankfully the boss is generous and we got to enjoy the great food RM Seafood has to offer.I got the Catfish Sloppy Joe. Weird right?! But! I will never eat a beef sloppy joe ever again. This was DIVINE. The catfish was so well cooked - a soft texture, but with sizable chunks. I was expecting more of a shredded chicken type, but the catfish meat was sturdy enough to take on the sauce. The sauce is a whole other story. I had the impression and expectation that the sauce would be something light and with lemon like most things paired with seafood are. It's not. It's straight up SLOPPY JOE SAUCE and it was DE-LI-CIOUS. I never expected it to be such a good combination of flavors. The chips that came with are absolutely made in house and fresh. That goes for the shoe string fries which are AMAZING as well. Hope the boss catches the tab next time too. I'm ready for more :)
2	The food was fresh, and tasted great.  However, for almost $50, I received a piece of fish less than 3 ounces.  The dish had no side, literally nothing else on the plate excpet garnish.  We skipped desert and got a yogurt next door for $6.  Dont waste your time here.
4	We ran across an ad showing happy hour for RM Seafood and decided that we should check it out. During their happy hour, they only have a raw bar. But it is cheap. We had 6 mussels, 2 oysters, 2 hand rolls, a martini and a beer for less than $20. It was the perfect small bite that we need to keep going during gambling and have a great tasty eat.  My only complaint about this house hour, the menu is not that much to pick from.
4	Well, I must admit, the standards maintained at this restaurant have not diminished over the years. It is still one of my favorite dining spots, in a not overly crowded location in Mandalay Place.Had dinner with my wonderful dining companion....she always makes a meal that much better!.....although don't know what happened with our visit to Simon a few weeks back.....anyhow, that's another story....We went for a nice meal on a Monday, and were promptly seated.Started off with a few drinks, an oyster sampler, and of course foie gras!The oysters were nice and fresh, but the foie gras definitely took the spotlight.Hard to believe, but not all places sear this little liver correctly, some being served to the point of being little more than mush...yuck....this one was done right!We went on to order our meals, I had the skirt steak and my dining partner partook in the surf and turf special!Again, we were not disappointed. I was actually pretty impressed with how well prepared my skirt steak was. The Korean marinade was spot on, not bland in the least and it had a nice little kick to it. Her surf and turf was presented beautifully, and tasted as good as she looked......oops, I mean as it looked (hehheh)We did save room for dessert, so rather than bothering to choose, we went with the sampler, which was a hit and miss.....we definitely enjoyed the key lime pie and PB&J, but not so much the nutella brulee nor the pineapple cakeI am glad to see this restaurant has lasted over the years, maybe the only thing needed would be a fresh remodel, as it is beginning to look a bit dated. other than that, I think this one will remain on our favorite list for years to come. We are looking forward to trying the renovated upstairs RX Broiler soon, and hope the food will be as good as we've come to expect!Thanks again for a great meal!
5	I only give 5 stars to top restaurants and this surely qualifies. My boyfriend and I made reservation for RM Seafood when we were in vegas back in March 2014. We both were so excited to come here. When we arrived, we were seated immediately since we had reservations. The place is fantastic for a nice romantic evening. The atmosphere very intimate. Our server came soon after we were seated and let me just say, I have never met a server who knew the menu as well as ours did. We learned from conversing with him that he had been there for 8 years which would make sense as to how he knew the menu so well.  My boyfriend started his meal by eating a lentil soup and I had nice and refreshing cucumber salad with a nice cranberry vodka. I ended up getting the special which was a halibut dish and my boyfriend order a seafood gumbo. My meal was very small! I was kinda amazed that something could cost so much but it was AMAZING! I cannot say I had a better cooked fish dish than this one. Luckily I had a large lunch earlier in the day or I would have still be hungry after the meal. We ended the night with splitting dessert which was a strawberry shortcake with ice cream dish topped with a strawberry syrup. I wish I could buy a jar of the syrup it was so good. We probably spend a good $130 for the two of usOne of the best meals I've ever had. Hats off to the chefs and our server!
5	Awesome dinner as usual tonight; beet & watermelon salad is amazing and a new fav swordfish milanese!  To all you foodies; visit RM Seafood on your next visit to Las Vegas, more than just seafood!  Added treat; Chef Rick Moonen is always there!
4	I came here for dessert. Two couples total. We played 16 flavors of ice cream game. It was a blast. Great for couples. Maybe I will try the actual food next time.
2	I had huge expectations for this place based on the celeb chef.  We only ate lunch and perhaps the dinner menu has better offerings.  Service was good and knowledgeable.  We had the fish and chips and lobster rolls.  Lobster rolls were good but not phenomenal.  Fish and chips, the fish was not crisp and crunchy but the fries were awesome.  In fact, the chips with the lobster roll were delicious too.  So sadly, at a seafood restaurant, our fave things were the potatoes!
2	I don't see how this place is only $$$ with $88 entrees on the menu, but then I don't think the $$$ range should be $30-60.  Considering that side dishes are extra, unless you are very careful it is going to be easy to blow through the ceiling of $60/person.  It is a decent atmosphere, the waiter was good if not a little arrogant, but overall did a decent job.Although they don't show it on the menu link in Yelp, they had sushi the night we were there.  I had a sushi roll with crab, lobster and jalapeno and it was good.  However, I think $25 for a sushi roll is a bit over the top.  I do give high marks for the Miso soup. It was probably the best I have had.One of my dining partners reported that the lobster in their dish was pretty chewy.The food quality is good, but not blow me away, so I feel value-wise this is a 2 star.
2	Food:    CRAB CAKE: *** very small   DIVER SEA SCALLOPS: *** only 4 pieces   CIOPPINO: *** Un-Fresh Sea Food, Very Tiny Shrimp, Mussels, No King Crab...   CLAM CHOWDER: ** Very Salty.   MAC N CHEESE: *. Nothing Special..Service: ** No one being impolite but...I felt they did not do good service...I paid over $170 for 2 people dinner... But I think I wasted my money...NO FRESH SEA FOOD...
5	I was in Vegas for a work conference this past week.  I was traveling by myself and read good reviews about the seafood.  I sat at the bar and had the pleasure of meeting Allie from Stoughton, MA. I'm from RI and we immediately hit it off. She is a great example of a warm, funny, personable bartender. Just what I needed after a long day. I ordered the shrimp cocktail and the California Roll. I'm a New Englander and know fresh seafood.  The presentation and freshness of the shrimp rivaled anything I've had at home.  The California Roll was so delicious - so much so that I went back the next night and had it again cause I couldn't stop thinking about it. Allie wasn't working but the guys behind the bar were just as friendly and welcoming on Thursday night add she was on Wednesday.  I'm coming back to Vegas in October and I will be looking forward to visiting RM when I return.
5	Perfect dinner before the Michael Jackson show - staff helped us with timing and they were very friendly. My crab cake with the spicy sauce was one of the best I've ever had. Uni sushi was fresh and delicious and the caviar was heaven. If you want a good solid meal before the show- this works well...
5	Wow!  Best king crab, fish and sushi rolls our group of 4 have ever eaten!  And our Super knowledgable waiter Chris seamlessly explained the menu and made choosing easy. This was our third restaurant of our visit to Vegas and we wish we had found it first (so we cd have returned before leaving). Highly recommend it (and will return on our next visit!)
4	The food here is delicious. We popped in before going out to just have a couple of rolls and some drinks before going out properly. The Surf and Turf roll was insanely good. It was spectacular! My only gripe with the place is that they do not let you know of their happy hour specials that are advertised in the rooms, either from the server or in the menu's. This has put me off returning when I next visit, as I think it is only courteous to let customers know about all that is available to them.
4	Last time my Dad was in town, we decided to eat here.  Some of his friends said the chef/owner was from Connecticut, where we are from.  We were hoping to meet him, but he wasn't there that night.   However, the food didn't disappoint.  And the service was great as well.  The menu is not large, but the choices on it are really good.  I had a steak, because I wasn't in the mood for seafood.  It was outstanding.  And judging by the food I saw on other tables, it looked great too.  One of the better places I've been to here in Vegas.
3	We were at the Shoppes of Mandalay Place on the first day of a huge convention (Sunday) during prime lunch eating hours and also during the Germany v. Argentina FIFA World Cup final. All the restaurants and bars were packed. Our first three options (Ri Ra, Burger Bar and the Mandalay Sports Bar) were full but luckily RM Seafood had a table for 2 available right away.Inside, you could tell things were hectic. Many were complaining about how long it took to get their orders placed, for their food to arrive, and to get the check to pay and leave. The table next to us was there before us but we got our food before they did. They ended up cancelling their order and leaving without even eating because they had to get back to the convention to work.We were hungry and felt a bit worried about the situations around us but weren't on a major time crunch. Our server remained cool and calm and also warned us that sushi orders would take at least 45 min. We took his advice and ordered Mahi Mahi Fish Tacos ($19) and the BBQ Pork Mac 'N Cheese ($14). It did take a long time for the food to come out - felt like about 30 minutes. The Mahi Mahi tacos were spectacular and the lime crema really perfected its overall taste. One thing we would've changed about it was for the plate to have four tacos instead of three. The BBQ Pork Mac 'N Cheese was less of a wow factor. Although the texture and melted jalapeno cheesiness was enjoyable, the BBQ flavor was just too overwhelmingly sweet. We barely made a 1/3 dent into it.Overall, I liked best that our server was knowledgeable, helpful, and on top of his game. I am glad they were able to fit us in and glad we didn't have as bad of an experience as others around us seemed to. The food was hit or miss but we would return in the future - just definitely won't be ordering the BBQ Mac 'N Cheese again.
2	My group enjoyed excellent table service and the talents of an excellent bartender, but our food was only OK. When you add in the typical Vegas prices, it experience was less than heartwarming. Meh.
4	Still have yet to eat a meal here, but have come for the ice cream challenge twice!  I think such a great fun idea and the service is so great!  It was a fun challenge to do with the family.  And I love how they weren't picky about how many you had to buy do it was nice we could all do one as a family.  Then came for a work team event, paired up and had a prize for the duo or trio that one.  Again great service.  Good to go in the middle of the afternoon when not busy and if you have a small group the area in the back is a bit private.
5	As a local, I don't eat on the strip much since I equate it with "touristy". An exception is eating at RM Seafood. It's convenient to the Shoppes, and is high quality without feeling stuffy. You can dress casually. And the food! This is the only place I'll eat oysters because they are so fresh. Beautifully prepared. I appreciate Chef Johnny Church's attention to detail.
4	Fall restaurant week 2014. This is a great cause and Rick Moonen has always been gracious to add his menus to the lineup. Last restaurant week we went to Rx Boiler room so this time we decided to go downstairs and try The RM Seafood menu. I used Open Table to reserve our spot which takes some of the hassle out making reservations. RM seafood called the day before and then day of to reconfirm our reservation, point to them. We arrived on time and were greeted by a very friendly staff. Immediately we were offered water and drink order. I got a beer and a diet coke wife got a coke. Here is my only negative, $4.50 for soda, I am not a cheapskate but that to me is crazy. We were brought an abundance of cornbread and buns. Bread was never empty. Careful not to fill up on it.On with the meal. (I will post pictures later). I had the Rick's White Clam Chowder.I am a fan of New england style chowder so to me this was a must try. Littleneck clams, potatoes and bacon. Very flavorful unlike some chowders I have had there were many little clam bites floating about. Small hint of bacon and the taters were not so big as to take away from the clams. The wife had the Thai Green Papaya Salad. I just had a taste of this but it was refreshing. There were peanuts on the plate and when I took a bite with them it added an aromatic herb salty twist.Second Course Butter Basted True North Salmon. Has a smoked tea rub which gave it the smoked paprika taste I use on my own Salmon at home. Laid on a cucumber salad with a horseradish cream. So smoky, tangy perfectly cooked sustainable salmon meal. On this course the wife (Josie) had Grilled Niman Ranch Skirt Steak with old bay fries. There was a korean BBq marinade that had sweet and bitter tones both at the same time. Perfectly cooked and as you take a bite it would just melt into your palate. Hardly needed to chew. Old Bay fries....tasty with that bite you love on an old bay biscuit or great piece of southern catfish. Last course..Rick's Key Lime Tart. Has a swiss meringue on top and a Cilantro syrup underneath. (No the Cilantro did not ruin it). Nothing too outstanding here, good flavor and a sweet topping that made it more appealing and flavorful than a whipped topping. The Cilantro syrup had a hint of the spice but not so much that it killed the dish. Josie has the Perfect Peach  Semolina Cake. Sorry no wow factor here. A nice desert to end the meal but for us not a flashy desert. Overall will come here again to  try a full menu meal. Not crazy for soda prices but why be picky over that. I will say drink  was never empty. If you get a chance to visit here please do you will not regret it. Rick Moonen has done great and is a avid supporter of local charities and does many things with other chefs citywide. Had a great night with some delicious food.
2	The food was nothing special. I've had better at other seafood places in Las Vegas. The waitstaff there is like any other high-end restaurant in Vegas where they kind of pressure you to buy more than you really want. But the best part is the ice cream challenge 4x4x2 where they give you 16 little scoops of ice cream or sorbets and you have to try to guess the flavors. They're interesting flavors like cardamom, basil lime, etc. that was the only thing that really stood out for me about this place, that and the snooty waiter who makes you feel bad for not ordering the market price appetizer lol
2	We had lunch here. Although expensive, it wasn't good. Service was ok, not expected. The service poured water and the pitcher spilled water over the salmon plate yikes... not recommended
3	Every time a friend comes into town I take them here. They have THE MOST FUN THING EVER. ITS THE ICE CREAM CHALLANGE.It's sounds scary, no, you don't have to eat twenty two pounds of ice cream in three minutes or you get beaten by a gang of old ladies on rascals,Instead you get 16 tiny scoops of ice creams and sorbets and you have to identify the flavors. And everyone I brought, who thought, I don't even want ice cream now- do we have to do this! (And they ALL did) ended up being so competitive and into it, I got the added benefit of an "I told you so" jab. Woohoo!The flavors are seasonal and change everyday so it's never boring.My record is 12 correct guesses and I'm determined to win before I die.The reason that I went low on the stars was because the last time that I was there (and I always go when it's not busy, either way before dinner or way after) our waitress was so incredibly rude.she kept pointing out how busy she was (we didn't ask for anything except for the ice cream). Part of the fun of the challenge is they give you a blank "map" to fill out and when your done, your server reads then out like a teacher after your science quiz.On this time, she just tossed the answer key onto the table and started to walk away, and I finally said something. I said I've done this six times and our server always reads out the answers, and again she listed how busy she was and couldn't be bothered. WE WERE THE ONLY PEOPLE IN HER SECTION AND THERE WERE ONLY SIX OTHER PEOPLE IN THE ENTIRE RESTAURANT. Plus, watching her, she wasn't actually doing anything except talking to the bartender.I will still go back because I must win, but I think I would go even after I win because it is really fun. The flavors can be quite unique too.Word on the street is, less than ten people have won.I MUST WIN.
4	Great experienceFirst time at this restaurant and we were open to happy hour.  Got seated at the bar with a small menu of great price seafood.Oysters were $2 per and had 5 different selections.  It was well worth splurging on dozen of oyster knowing it will come out to be $24.Had ordered some other shareable munchies.  Cioppino was my favorite dish.  It had a small kick in spicy dept but definitely great in taste.Had friendly and generous waiters and bartenders.  They filled water/drinks constantly. Don't know during dinner hours how it is but definitely a nice place for happy hour.
4	If you get a chance get the surf and turf burger . It's definitely worth trying for the price, till this day the best burger I've had!
4	A great bar with very friendly staff. The manager works hard to make sure you are happy.  Try all the oysters because they are fantastic.  The sushi rolls are top notch!   Clean, cool, and a nice place to eat in Vegas.
4	A great bar with a very friendly staff.  The manager works very hard to make sure you and your guests are happy.  Try all the oysters because they are delicious.  The sushi rolls are fantastic and I would even say they are top notch in comparing them to other sushi spots.  The place is clean, cool, and a nice place to eat and drink in Vegas.
2	Food and drink was good. Service and speed was awful.   Server argued with us about changing out a side item... Was like and I quote "I don't know what you would want with that".  I mean if the customer wants to put applesauce with his lobster -let him.   Don't chastise the decision and then tell us that Apple sauce is cheap and that something else was cheaper.  In fact never use the word cheap in a restaurant.   Water person spilled our paid water on table and just ignored it...  Food was delivered toUs that wasn't ours..  Same issues fromTable next to us... Took an hour to get dinner....  Just bad service and speed
4	Had a surf and turf, lobster is really fresh and cooked just perfect so it tastes really tender and great! But the appetizer clams had so much wine that it covers up the original freshness taste of the clams.
5	This place was amazing! Everything we ordered was great! Must try the lobster macaroni and cheese! Ordered a variety of the raw oysters and they all were tasty! The service was fast and excellent. While eating there sunday football was going on so that was a bonus while eating lunch! Can't wait to go back and I will definitely tell friends and family to try it!
2	Was wandering around and got hungry. Took a look at the menu and decided to give it a shot.Well, it's just stupidly overpriced for what you get. I have no problem with the Vegas premium but $26 for a tiny rainbow roll? Come on guys. The clam chowder was decent but again way too much money for way too little soup. They did give me a ton of crackers I guess that is how they expect you to fill up.No thanks. You do not get your moneys worth here.
3	Popped into this place without doing any research, had just landed and wanted to grab a drink and some food. First had the crab cake appetizer ($25), a lot of filler for 1 crab cake. I'm also from MD so I'm very particular, I wouldn't complain but for that price it's definitely not worth it.Miso soup, good ($8)Also had a sushi roll ($24), can't remember the name but had shrimp tempura, poached shrimp and Avacado in it. Was good but still way overpriced. Service was good in the beginning, then one of the bartenders was clearly upset and mad about something that had happened with a VIP of Mandalay Bay. After not receiving. Napkin or water with my meal, I asked someone else to grab it for me. She then came over a few minutes later and ranted to me and the couple next to me about how VIPs at Mandalay Bay don't follow the rules. Fairly uncomfortable situation to be in.
2	Food is mediocre. The private room for larger parties is very depressing. It was like eating dinner in a lifeless conference room. Drab curtains, no music, Wine is overpriced. Nothing special on this menu. Wouldn't recommend it.
4	We were looking for a light lunch before the Las Vegas Rock N Roll Half of a Half Marathon that we were walking in and decided to try the RM Seafood restaurant inside the Mandalay Bay where the starting line was going to be.  We ordered the spicy tuna, fish tacos, salad with salmon and mussels (sans blue cheese) and edamame!  Portion wise, my dining mates enjoyed their meal but it wasn't as hearty as they hoped it would be.  My bowl of mussels was humongous and tasty with tomatoes and bacon in the broth as well as some bread to dip in the tasty broth.  The edamame came piping hot temperature wise as well as having a tasty kick to it.  I enjoyed my meal and my fellow diners wished there's might have been alittle larger.  Service was excellent and I loved the atmosphere.
5	started with the BLT salad and a dozen oysters. Salad was good, but the oysters were incredible. Our server, David, steered us right on those. By the way, he also was incredible. My wife had a double order of clams for dinner, while I had Ciapino Di Friavlo ( bad spelling). Everything was outstanding.This is fine dining, on the Vegas STRIP, so expect it to be pricey, but worth it.
5	Eating three orders of foie gras here! It's delicious and cooked to perfection! Highly recommended!
5	Great service, great food, wonderful experience! Our server, Chris, was exceptional. He was very friendly and rattled off the specials four different times for our indecisive crowd. The food was beyond delicious. Our table had two of the large three tier appetizer dishes (excellent) and I had the jalepeno sushi roll, also excellent. They oysters were great, as was the lobster. Everything on the menu looked incredible. Our entire table enjoyed the experience here. They also had a great wine menu and our server was incredibly knowledgeable in this field in regards to pairing.
3	Staff was impeccable, with the exception of the oddly stilted hosts. The food was just sort of ho-hum. I had scallops, and they were not life altering...just "good," shocking as that is to say, given the level of expertise behind the kitchen. The corn bread was VERY good, though, as were the cocktails.FYI: The smoke from the casino wafted into the restaurant, and that was pretty gross.
5	Service and Food are excellent here. The oyster selection was great, and food was prepared perfectly.
3	Food and service was great.   The only thing I can  complain about is the price.   $18 California roll?
5	This restaurant is surprisingly good. We came here out of desperation for food right after our maroon 5 concert. We had very low expectation after seeing the initial ratings on yelp. But I tell ya this restaurant is good! The fish were cooked almost well!
