5	Walked in and I was greatly by their friendly stAff. It is a very clean staff and Dr.Roach gave us a personal tour. He is great with my Rottweiler. She loved him and I was impressed...I recommend this place to everyone..
5	While on vacation the Dr. Updated me about the dental cleaning . Never expected that. We will not be going anywhere else . I strongly recommend Dr. Roach he and his staff are great 5times over.
5	Excellent Vet and beautiful, immaculate facility.  We brought our new puppy for her first exam and her 6 and 8 week shots combined.  The charges were MORE than reasonable.  They also offered free pet insurance for 30 days on her.  We have definitely found our new vet!
5	Dr Roach is amazing!  He is thoughtful, kind and clearly loves working with our furry family. I am grateful to Dr Roach and his staff for their quick, compassionate care.  I have definitely found my new vet.  I would highly recommend West Russell Animal Hospital!
5	So glad google map led me to this vet just minutes away from my house. I have been going to vca for a few years now. They are overpriced and waiting is always an hour. The staff at west Russell animal hospital is very friendly and I never have to wait. Extremely adorable. I bring all my pets here now.
5	Our puppy was in bad shape when we got her. Today, you could never tell. Dr. Roach took great precaution with our puppy (a 3lb yorkie) and made sure she was dewormed and her ear mites were gone. We take her in at least once a month and his prices are so reasonable we don't even have insurance. The facility is always clean and we are treated well. Most importantly, Dr. Roach is great on updates and communication. If never consider going anywhere else.
5	My brother, parents and myself now all take our fur babies to Dr. Roach. He is professional and compassionate, and I couldn't ask for more.  The facility is bran new and extremely clean and the prices are awesome! Can't go wrong. If you are in need of a new vet don't hesitate!I have also had my dogs groomed here and she did an awesome job! They also have a boarding facility (have not used it yet, but would completely trust leaving my dogs there if I needed to)
5	The best vet in Las Vegas prices can't be beat and the care is great!!!! You can't go wrong and the office is beautiful and clean and friendly staff!!!! My kids both go to him and they love him;-) I've have sent a lot of coworkers to him and they really liked him.
5	After years of taking both of my dogs to a previous vet I was recommended to Dr Roach for some help with the breeding process. Dr Roach and the staff are very kind they are not pushy with trying to sell you everything under the sun! The office is brand new and very clean. We have now switched vets and will continue to take our pups here for all there needs from now on!
5	My new beagle puppy needed to get seen for some bugs he had on him. The doctors and receptionists in the front were very friendly and welcoming towards Eros and got me fixed up within the hour! The doctor was more than happy to write down a detailed explanation of any other care questions I had about taking care of my puppy and the experience left me confident and satisfied with his visit. Highly recommend visiting this place for all pet owners!
5	Took my new 7 weeks old baby husky here a couple days ago. This place is brand new, they use iPads for everything! Very clean, modern, and the staff are so nice and friendly.
5	Dr. Roach takes more than a medical approach in caring for his four legged patients. He goes the extra mile in developing a relationship with my pets while also providing the best service available. Not all pets enjoy the vet. But he introduces himself to his patients by giving them tasty treats that will make your dogs want to come back. Supporting him is a very friendly and courteous staff.This is a new animal hospital with a very warm and welcoming atmosphere for your pets. There are separate doors for cats and dogs so they don't get tangled up.The prices are beyond reasonable. It surprises me of how affordable dog care is. In all, Dr. Roach has won the hearts of my pets.
5	Love this place . Brought our new pup in and they take pictures of their patients now. So cute.
5	I took my elderly kitty here for shots and a check up, and the visiting vet said he had terrible dental disease and would need a few teeth pulled. They quoted me a really reasonable range of prices. When Sid came in to actually get his teeth pulled, they realized after a cleaning that he only needed ONE tooth pulled. He's like a new kitty, with young pearly whites, again! Unlike most vets in this town, the new price reflected that the work done was not as extensive as quoted, so the price was less. As a college student, I seriously appreciated that. Dr Roach took me to the back room and showed me the x-rays, as well as before and after shots of work done. He wanted me to fully understand what had gone on, and wanted me involved in the process so I could properly care for my kitty post-op. SUPER COOL GUY. I've had bad experiences with other vets and I am SO impressed with Dr Roach and his staff. They take great care of Sid and explain everything in detail with me when we visit. We're going back soon for grooming and a check up after dental work, and I'm happy to do so.Highly recommended for all your pet's needs. :)
5	Dr. Roach, his team, and his practice are all exceptional!!! From the minute you walk in, you know you're in the best hands. Not only are the vet and his team incredibly warm and friendly and the fees super reasonable - and the services provided white glove in their delivery and care - but West Russell is also the best place to board an animal. Regarding boarding - the dog runs are clean, big and welcoming! (They have several options re: size and with or without watch-at-home cameras.) Our Whippet has stayed here several times for long weekends and she always seems happy and rested when we pick her up. Plus, her tail wags as she runs in to the place every time we come to drop her off. Stop by, take a tour, meet the team - you'll know this is the best vet practice possible!
5	If you want love and attention for your pets Dr. Roach and his team , are the ones to goto.
5	This place is fantastic! Beautiful facility, very modern and clean. Dr. Roach forged an instant bond with my slobbery 74 lb dog, greeting him with a big smile and a hug. The front desk is efficient and friendly. Phenomenal experience. We will be returning.
5	Great Place. Hope it continues to be. Great new facility, really modern decor. Friendly staff. Affordable prices too - both for vaccines and boarding.Most vaccines are $10 each, dog boarding $25 day.
5	Abram is a 4 month pup and lovesDr. Roach. He is the greatest Veterinarian , we all love him. Please stop and see him and his staff.
5	This place is the best in town!!!!! I have used in the past lots of vets and this one is a exception!!!!! The 2 doctors are amazing and the staff is very professional and sweet.they genuinely love the animals.the facility is very updated and super clean.I would never take my babies anywhere else and I recommended lots of my clients and friends and I get over and over a amazing feedback.pricing is truly great and I think one of the cheapest in town.!!! If you love your baby take them here.!!!!!!! Thanks guys for the extraordinary service over and over again.
5	This is such a great animal hospital! My friend takes her dog here and I went with her yesterday for the visit- Dr. Roach and Dr. Scott were both so friendly and helpful! They spent a lot of time answering my friend's questions and concerns regarding the surgery her dog needs.He didn't even charge her for the appointment since she was in recently regarding the same issue. The office is clean, brand new and everyone is friendly, knowledgeable and professional. I look forward to bringing my pet here when I get my own!
5	I almost walked out my first appointment because they were running late. I'm glad I didn't. My dog had terrible gym disease and needed teeth pulled. I was already weary about having my little pomeranian under anesthesia, but VCA gave me two completely different quotes and I wanted to find an HONEST vet. Dr. Roach was calm, thorough and gave me an honest estimate for the surgery. He answered my questions before I asked them. I took my baby home from surgery the next day and she was running around like nothing ever happened. I found my new vet :-)
5	My daughter moved to the Southwest side of town and needed a vet close by. She found :Dr. Roach and was so impressed with him and his staff that I thought I would give them a try as well. Dr. Roach takes his time with everyone and explains in detail what you will expect. The offices are new, clean and they have reasonable prices. I feel that they truly care about my dog.
5	Nice caring people at this location and the prices are some of the best in town for all their services. Wish more places conducted the bussines this way.
5	First visit on the suggestion of a few neighbors. Dr. Roach was able to see our 3 month old Boston right away. We have a 2 legged 5 year old that plays rough and I thought she hurt the puppy. Dr. Roach did a good thorough exam and thankfully only found a very sore ear that got pulled on too hard. Clean, friendly and happy to help the fur babies!!! Thank you guys so much!!!
5	I have nothing but nice things to say about this place.I took one of my dogs in to get her up to date on her vaccines.  The staff is very attentive and the first person that I spoke to was Dr. Roach, that never happens.  Also, this place is super affordable.  We finally found a new vet, and boarding facility.
5	This was my first visit and it sure won't be my last. Came across this place thanks to Yelp and had to contribute my part on this five star establishment.Brought my pup here to get his annual vaccinations and could tell that this was going to be the place to get anything else done too (lets just hope my pup doesn't need it; knocks on wood).The hospitality was not only professional but comforting as well as if you were visiting a friend's house. Didn't get the chance to meet up with Dr. Roach (as the other reviews mentioned) but Dr. Scott was amazing and genuinely welcoming to treat our pup with comfort making him feel at ease throughout the entire appointment. Prices are also reasonable to my surprise for a brand new building with modern and clean amenities making it an extra bonus. The other pups we encountered didn't mind the hospitality as well and their intuitions should ones we should trust the most.
5	Dr. Roach is awesome!  Very clean modern facility. Pricing is very reasonable and they explain all charges up front so there are no surprises. Did a fabulous job on my dog's dental- before and after pictures and her dramatically improved breath reflect it. He also treated my dog for a minor infection and a separate stomach issue. Dr. Roach seems to really care about his clients, both human and animal, and does a great job. Me and my border collie mix Aspen will be back.
5	If we could give this Doctor and his staff and his entire animal hospital one million stars, we would! Amazing place with wonderful people. It's a very clean, organized and comfortable place. Unbelievably affordable and you get the highest quality of care for your animal and the highest respect as their owner/parents. Very informative Doctor and everyone else who graces this hospital as well. We have zero bad to say about this experience and I don't think our dog does either
5	I had just went there for my puppies third vaccine after my unhappy visit with my past vet. They made an appointment for me on the same day I called and was very swift to get the vaccine done. I can see why this place has a 5 star rating.
5	Dr. Roach is so friendly & extremely knowledgable. I have two English Mastiffs, 400lbs of dog, so to find a vet that is knowledgable about the giant breeds is a little tough. I started going here because I recently moved to that side of town. I have had a few mini-emergencies with my dogs & he always squeezed me in. The receptionists are always very friendly as well. He also recommends what is best for your dog & NOT what will make him the most money. I was purchasing hip supplements from my previous vet & asked to purchase them from him. Instead of simply saying yes to the money, he recommended to me a cheaper brand with the same quality! A very honest person & you can tell he really cares about your pets. Overall, this is by far the best experience I've ever had in a vet office (and I've been to 7 others in town). You won't regret making the switch, this office is fabulous.
5	Dr. Roach and staff are wonderful. Keisha is an amazing groomer too! We love this place. It is clean, efficient, and a state of the art facility.
5	Finally found our new veterinarian!! Doc Roach was awesome and answered all concerns. Highly recommend!!
5	Grateful for the referral my cousin gave me for this facility. As a first time dog owner with many questions, they answered my questions and were very patient with me, my children, & my pets. We will definitely be back .
1	Like most other reviews here I had been around tot other boarding places for my two German Shephards. I immediately fell in love with this place and the staff. It wasn't until our forth extended boarding that something had to be said regarding the condition that our dogs were being returned in. Let me first say that our dogs are 9 month German Shepherd brother and sister that are still learning so I will not contest that they "go" sometimes in the crate (they don't at home but often while boarding somewhere new). I never said anything about that to the staff at West Russell - what I am upset and quiet frankly irritated over is the lack of responsibility for delivering what is promised. It's very hard to describe in words the condition of our two dogs this past (and last) occasion. Putrid fermented pee is the best way I can paint a picture... Again I am not upset at the fact they "go", I am upset at the fact they continually skip/ miss their baths and we pick them up filthy and then have to go spend more $$ at a groomer that often can't believe what they are smelling and feeling. This past time was arguably the worst - I called at 8a to confirm we would pick them up around 10a and to ensure they had gotten bathed prior to our arrival. The young lady stated she was the emergency member of staff and said she would begin soon. We arrive at 10a to crusty ears & under bellies and the same putrid fermented smell I mentioned above. I bring the dogs outside while my wife begins to dig deeper as to why and how this happened yet again after numerous apologizes before (after previous stays) assuring us this wouldn't happen again and also promising extra baths to ensure that promise. Sounded good given that we've probably spent in excess of $2,000 in recent months due to my travel schedule not to mention referring my brothers German Shepard for vet services and boarding as well... I was wrong, very wrong. The Vet who claims to live there is a very nice guy until you have a legitimate issue then he starts getting defensive... Ignoring the facts presented to him from regular/ referring clients. When my wife told him that were not here to argue, we just won't return he said "that's fine"... Rather than address the issues at hand. Sad really...Message me for more details if you'd like.
1	I started using this animal hospital mid year after getting my 2 puppies. At first I thought the service was excellent. The facility was new and very modern. The staff was friendly and very informative about everything. Always called with updates and also when we came to check out from appts or boarding stays they gave us a complete break down of their stay. My puppies have been boarded there 4 times since we started using them because we've been going on an unusual amount of trips this year, but the last 2 times we picked them up from boarding they smelled like they were living in their pee the whole entire time they were boarded. The one time they told us they didn't have time to give them a bath because they had too many dogs, so we took them to the groomers right after picking them up. This last time when we dropped them off we made sure to let them know about the smell from their previous boarding and to be sure they were bathed before picking them up. To our surprise when we picked them up they were even worse. They smelled like fermented pee, had crust on their ears and snout, and gunk on their belly. We were told that they were bathed a couple hours before we picked them up. When I explained to the lady up front my disappointment she got Dr. Roach to come and speak to me. He came up front and asked me to come back with an extremely defensive attitude. He waited for me in a back room so I made my way back there and he started arguing with me about how the puppies pee everyday in their run and of course they smell like pee. I get it, puppies are a lot of work, but if the hospital can't handle it, they should just let us know. I explained to him that we didn't have this issue the first two times we boarded them and just wanted to know the reason for the change in service, but he became upset, argued that they were bathed daily, and asked if we wanted them bathed again. I told him that I wasn't there to argue with him and that I would just not come back to this hospital. He replied with "that's fine" and I guess he was glad to see us leave. After spending over $3k at this hospital with boarding, vaccinations, neuter and spay surgery he didn't have an issue with us leaving. Also referring friends and family to the hospital after we started going there he didn't seem to care. I really think that he doesn't have the patience to work in the hospital anymore because he doesn't have the staff to sustain the amount of patients or the experience to sustain them. I've seen a ton of new people start there since I've been using this hospital and every time I go in, there is someone different. If you are like me and care about your pets like they are your kids, then I would not take them to this hospital until they get their act together like when I first started going there. Definitely do not board them here.
5	This is actually the best animal hospital I have ever been to. They are very informative and are point with their appointment reminders. The doctors there are very gentle and helpful with our furry friends. When you walk in, it is very much inviting, clean, and you automatically feel welcome and is comfortable for both parents and furry child. They are a little pricey, BUT you get what you pay for - OUTSTANDING care. I would think you would want to pay whatever you have to, to make sure you are giving top care to your pet. Very professional!
5	Our dog had fractured his teeth and we came here based, in large part, on the number of great yelp reviews.  The reviews were quite right.  Dr. Roach was friendly and professional.  He thoroughly explained what needs to be done (pulling the teeth) and even gave us a tour of the facility.  The entire place was clean and well organized.  The staff were helpful and courteous.  We are happy to report Dr. Roach and his staff did an awesome job on our dog and he is now doing quite well.  We believe we found a new vet!
5	Dr. Bethany Scott is Mango's vet and she's the best. She's warm, friendly, fast, and knowledgeable. This facility is also modern, clean, and conveniently located right off the 215. Above all, this vet won't BS you and they're very up front about prices for procedures. They don't try to up sell or surprise you with you hidden charges and fees which I had issues with my last vet. Dr. Scott takes the time to explain the situation and all your options.They're my choice for a vet. Definitely give them a try!
5	Dr. Scott and the staff are amazing.  We had to put down our golden over the holiday.  I'm glad it was done here with these people as they are very kind and supportive during this trying time.  I'd never go to another vet in vegas again.  They even sent us a card with all their signatures on it with their condolences.   Very touching.  It meant a lot.  Your pet is in great, loving hands.
