4	I am going to start this off by saying that my past experience with Pho has been less than satisfying.  I didnt really think I would like the stuff on the third try, but I am one of those kinds of people that is too stubborn to dislike food and I have to keep trying it.  You know - just in case the places I ate at before were terrible.Today, that mentality served me well.I had avoided the previous tenants of this particular location like the plague, due to their reputation for poor customer service, etc.New company, new attitude.  The wait staff was very attentive and polite.  There was light classical music playing.  The restaurant was very clean.I had the Pho Tai Bo Vien with Jasmine Hot Tea.The tea was hot - but not so hot that I couldnt begin drinking it right away.The Pho was delicious.  Not to greasy.  Very flavorful.  The sprouts and basil that were served with it were fresh and crisp.All in all, for 11 bucks, this was a good meal.  There are many other items on the menu that I would like to try, and the manager informed me that the menus is being expanded.  I will update this review in a few weeks.
3	Pretty good pho, though not as flavorful as my favorites Pho Loc and Da Vang.   Pretty ordinary pho - it's hard to think of anything that that stands out about which to write.  Hmmm, I guess that says it right there.  Several beef variations, a shrimp option, tofu or veggie only options also. The spring rolls are tasty and fresh.  The egg rolls are heavy on the shitake.  Make sure you like shitake before ordering.Overall, it's serviceable - I'd eat there if I was on Mill and hungry, but would not make a special trip.
5	I love Pho Thang Long!  It's exactly the type of small business I want to support. It's the only authentic Asian food in the Mill Avenue District.  I love how close and convenient it is for the 3rd St./Mill light rail stop. I always love the tunes that are playing. You don't get the same forced or robotic feeling you get at big corporate chain restaurants with the service. Everyone is more real and it's the kind of place you could get to know all the staff and have them remember your order for you after a while.  You never feel rushed out and if you need to make it a quick meal, you can just tell your server and they'll go out of their way to wrap it up as quickly as possible for you.They serve awesome fresh-pressed-at-your-table Vietnamese coffee and iced coffee, as well as one of my favorite hard to find drinks: Thai iced tea.  If those aren't for you there's also fresh limeade, and boba smoothies made with real mangoes or strawberries. If you're looking to do some drinking, they have a nice full bar with lots of Asian imported beers, and some excellent and unique specialty drinks.  I had the lycheetini - it was amazing. There was even a real lychee in the glass and everything.The fresh (non-fried) spring rolls are to die for.  You can get them the traditional way - with shrimp and pork, just with shrimp, or vegetarian/vegan with tofu.  They're all served with an awesome fresh-made peanut sauce for dipping.There are a couple of really neat salads on the menu, as well as some nice summery dishes that are served cold with fresh veggies.  These go great with an ice-cold Kirin or a Tsingtao.  The stir-fry selection is great, so great that both a very adventurous eater and someone just looking for some orange chicken, Mongolian beef, or sweet and sour chicken could be pleased. The Pho is the big signature Vietnamese food, and Pho Thang Long does it well.  The owner is from Vietnam and he makes the Pho himself most of the time.  There are tons of variations on it, with tofu, veggies, seafood, chicken, or all kinds of beef. They even serve it with fresh basil, bean sprouts, lime wedges, and sliced jalapenos, which I love.On top of all this, they give you a 10% discount with an ASU ID, and they stay open late enough for some good late-night drinks and appetizers on the weekends.
3	On a recent trip to Scandelesque in downtown Tempe, my intrepid trio of friends ventured here for a bite before being placated by a bunch of scantily clad folk at the Cherry Pit.  When we walked in, around 7 pm on a Thursday night, the place was nearly empty, save for one other couple.  The staff were attentive and friendly, and we started out with the wrapped shrimp appetizers.  They were delivered hot and tasty to our table.  Next, we ordered as entrees the Korean BBQ beef, the garlic noodle and rib steak special, and the 5-spiced chicken.  I liked the 5-spiced chicken the most, with a nice combo of cinnamon, sugar, salt, pepper and something else that I forget now.  Note portion sizes are relatively small.  This is not your typical asian food joint, where you are served heaping platters of food that allow you to skip the grocery store for a week afterwards.  Given the sizes, I think the prices are a tad high, but what else do you expect for Mill Avenue nowadays?  Overall, it's tasty, but I've had better Vietnamese food.  Had the portions been a bit bigger, I'd probably go with 3.5 stars or even 4, but it is what it is.
2	We split some pho here and it was beyond mediocre and very expensive for the amount.  Boo....
4	The Pho Tai was perfect. I actually got it to go, and I loved how every component was in its own packaging and totally fresh. I also got an order of spring rolls which were delicious and refreshing, just like they should be. While I waited I sipped on some lovely house jasmine tea, and almost stole the teapot because I wanted ever last drop of it in my body. Place was close to empty and really quiet and my order was out within 7 minutes which is SUPER. Waitstaff were nice and apparently super excited I was there, that or some PhoNazi smeared vaseline all over their teeth to keep them smiling. I am wicked excited I found this joint. I love Pho & Vietnamese cuisine in general and its close to work. I found a new lunch spot. Merry Christmas to me.
1	I really don't understand how this place is as bad is it is.  Vietnamese food isn't so exotic in this town to justify this place's horrible interpretation of the cuisine.The menu seemed pretty weak.  We started with some spring rolls that were just awful -- bland and poorly wrapped.  The pho was greasy and fatty.  The stir fry concoction I ordered was just bland.  The service was pretty disinterested and our server didn't seem to know much of anything about the food he was serving.  All told, lunch for 3 people was nearly $40, which was about $40 more than it was worth.
5	This place is absolutely Pho-licious!  Best Pho in town, hands down.  The restaurant is conveniently located on Mill Avenue and is very comfortable and well-appointed.  The menu has lots of great options and everything I've tried has been terrific.  The staff is knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful.  It's always very clean and unpretentious.  Try this place and you won't be disappointed!
