4	Hot dogs with chili, chicken, burgers, milk shakes and open till 3am on weekends; what more could you ask for?  This is a really great place to grab a bite to eat after hours.  I've eaten here at all times of day and night and the quality of the food remains consistent (i.e. the chili at 2am has yet to make me sick).  The staff always seems friendly and 9 times out of  10 they'll get your order right.If it's your first time visiting a Cook Out, I suggest skipping the drive thru and walking up the the window in order to familiarize yourself with the menu.  The menu is large and I mean very large, along the lines of 140+ items.  You'll get confused really quick if you try to just drive up and go through all the options in a matter of seconds.  The exceptionally large menu also has a ton of milk shakes.Note:  They have weekly specials that aren't on the regular menu, be sure to look at the big board near the street to see what the specials are.
3	I always get the chicken sandwich, but recently tried a cheeseburger here. The cheeseburgers are pretty tasty. I was pleasntly surprised. The service is quick and is what you would expect from most  Cook Outs. The prices are on par for what you get. I have yet to try the shakes.
4	Are you in the mood for a burger? Maybe you want chicken nuggets? Or maybe you are in the mood for a quesadilla? No a corn dog. Let me blow your mind. You can a burger and get a two sides and they can be nuggets or quesadilla or a corn dog or other typical sides of fries, onion rings, slaw or hushpuppies.Okay maybe not so mind blowing for people who grew up with a Cook Out but for someone who relocated from the West Coast, I had never seen such a thing. For around $4 you can get a tray and choose from burgers, bbq sandwich or whatever and have a great meal.I can actually feed my family of 3 for around $12 and that makes me very happy. I love their pork bbq sandwiches. They have a simple blt sandwich for a $1 and that makes my belly happy too. Their shakes are killer too. Fast food eats on a very affordable budget.
4	Good food. Inexpensive, with delicious freshly made milkshakes. Conveniently stays open late. Mostly everything in the menu that I have tasted is good. You can also mix and match different milkshakes to personalize it to your liking.
