5	Great prices, customer service, and they made my dog look and smell gorgeous. Retail outside the grooming salon is good also, great prices as well. Request Lester for dog grooming, he does a amazing job. My dog is wild and a little tough, fortunately he could handle it.
2	This one is only visited out of convenience- meaning it's a quick trip in and out (when are we here, on this side of town? when we go to my MIL's house for dinner), but I don't really like this one. I could probably blame the area as a whole- the Wal-Mart (really ghetto) and 99 Cents Store (very ghetto- in fact, I could probably say that I hate this one- actually had a verbal altercation with a foreigner, maybe Russian- have not been there since). The parking lot is way too busy making it hard to get out of your parking space if you're parked right in front of the store. Also, many of the people shopping here seem, downright weird. This store doesn't have everything you're looking for, either, seems lacking.
3	It's not bad, but it's not great either. But it's convenient for me. Not  the best selection of dog bowls/watering dishes. However, they do sell Nutro, which is what I feed my dogs. Sometimes you can get really good deals on BIG bags of dog food. You can never have too much, I think.The parking lot is usually a mad house though and I'm a little weary of letting my pups out in the lot, even if they are leashed.So it's nothing special. Just a PetsMart.
1	Took my Yorkie puppy here with a bad gut feeling and I was right, the guy at front asked me what I wanted, I specifically told him and showed him pictures. Told him that I wanted the tips of her ears shaved leaving about 3/4 hair still... well when I picked her up, her ears were completely shaved:( I was not happy. They also tried charging a ridiculous amount, $52 for a four month old puppy who doesn't have much hair to cut I just wanted a cleanup for her. I was on that side of town but I had called to a petsmart by my home and they charge $12-15 for puppies under 5 months. This place is a total ripoff!!!
5	Melissa takes good care of our Sheltie-Pomeranian mix.  They're friendly, professional and reasonable.
5	Penny is the most amazing certified dog instructor! It is a MUST to take your puppy to one of her classes!
5	This store is huge! I absolutely loved taking my Spring & UNO here! It was there first time and they loved it. All tail wags here! The staff was friendly and there were a lot of things to choose from! Very clean and homey store.My kids approve!
1	We came in from out of town and got our 5 month Jack Russell Terrior "weezie" groomed. She was barking up a storm not being a happy camper, but I figured she needs to learn. I was told to pick her up in a couple of hours. Two hours passed and she was not ready, I was told to wait 45 more minutes. When she was ready, Weezie was very calm. The groomer said she finally got used to the groomer. I took her home and an hour later she had a seizure. I immediately called the groomer and they said that sometimes a puppy could have a seizure if it was really stressful, but to watch her and bring her in the morning if she has another. The store was closed when Weezie had her second seizure. She had them all night one every hour. In the morning I called Bansfield and told them what happened and they said to bring her right in. When I got to Petsmart there was the tech that handed me Weezie. She told me she saw that Weezie had a seizure and told her supervisor Melissa. So when I got to Bansfield, I spoke with the receptionist and she said that Melissa came and asked her if puppies could get seizures. Being a receptionist she did not get the doctor she instead told Melissa that puppies do not get seizures. This was all new information to me, no one informed me of the seizures until then. I went in and spoke to the doctor and asked what is going on, my dog was fine yesterday and today she is having a seizure every hour. I questioned the care that was given at the groomer, possibly got dropped or she could of eaten something. The doctor said no, it looked like distemper, and was beyond what they can do at Bansfield. So I was referred to another hospital which we went and they wanted to hospitalize her and try to treat her with more medication. I asked if they could give her medication so we could get home. They did. This morning we went to our vet by our home. Her respiratory had been compromised and the seizures had taken its toll on our poor Weezie and there was nothing they could do but she could go into ICU somewhere else but that would just buy a little time. The doctor said it was way too late and she would probably not survive. So we put her to sleep. She was only 5 months old.Word of caution. Know where your dog is when they are getting groomed, Petsmart takes them behind closed doors. I found out they have a cage where they put the dogs in to be dried. The techs do not use their judgment on warning you if something has gone wrong to your pet, as what happened in our case. Take your pet to a less of a over crowed environment. You never know, it can happen to you! I no longer have a happy little puppy named Weezie and I do blame Petsmart as part of the problem my little puppy had.
4	My go-to PetSmart!  The people here are always nice and friendly when me and the pups roll through for some pet goods.  I believe I even picked up a few fish from here for my fish tank and they are still alive today contrary to most chain pet stores where all the fish are sick and on death's door when you go and choose 'em out.  This location is relatively clean and well kept.  My wife and I usually frequent the groomers at PetSmart to get their nails trimmed and like mentioned earlier, they are nice and very friendly (shout out to my braddah from Hawaii.. howzit!) and always willing to answer questions.Not too shabby PetSmart on N. Nellis!  Keep up the service and I'll be coming back time and time again.  See ya when the pet food runs out!
5	This is the only Petsmart we go to! They are always fully stocked and the staff is very knowledgeable. My dog loves coming here and roaming around. The staff is also very good with animals and make sure to ask if ordination that she can have a treat before they give one to her!
4	Love this store!Employees are so very helpful!  We had a stray cat who had kittens, and then abandoned them.  A very patient gal at this store helped us with what we needed ('formula', bottles, etc) and gave us advice on how to handle the little angels.  Fortunately, 'mom' did return and took care of her brood.On another occasion, I was in the store to really take a hard look at the cat food, both wet and dry, as I was concerned about all the bad pet food stories (i.e., ingredients from China, pets getting sick, etc).  I was helped by a very nice older gentleman, sorry I didn't catch his name, who absolutely understood what I wanted, and explained about both Hill's and Science Diet foods being made in the good old USA (imagine that!).  We've had good luck switching our cats to the Science Diet dry, but they won't take to the wet.  Still eating Fancy Feast, which does get some of its ingredients from China.  (Ingredients that apprarently they can't find in the US, per their email to me....um, what?).  We will still be working on converting our kids to a US-friendly or even organic wet pet food.I truly appreciate all the help the employees of this PetSmart have offered.  They really do know their stuff.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS STORE!! The things they do for strays warms my heart. My dogs love the treats we bring them back, and the toys are always a hit!!!
4	This store is so nice I love taking my dog here to get treats or buy new toys for him. I love the comfort of being able to take him with me. That have such a great friendly staff and they have such a great selection of products. Everything you could need for your pet of any kind you will definitely find it here. Love this store.
1	I signed my dog up for training classes and every other class was canceled. When I went in to get a refund, they tried to charge me for the classes the classes that she took. Which I would've been okay with if they didn't cancel more times then she attended. Anyways, when I went in to get a refund, they tried to tell me I had to wait for a cashier, even though I was talking to a manager. I told them i paid with cash and they insisted I paid with a Visa. I ended up leaving so I wouldn't have to wait any longer and they called and said they'd have my refund waiting as long as I came back with the visa I paid with. I searched high and low for the card, even though I knew I didn't pay with it and ended up finishing my receipt, the same receipt that said I paid with cash. Now I'm here at Pets Mart and the trainer did a COMPLETE 180 from when i was in class. When she found out I was getting a full refund, her exact words were "I'm not going to be able to ring you up because I think it's ridiculous that you're getting all your money back." WOWWWWW! Talk about customer service! You're great Penny! Now convince me why I should've stayed! At the end of the day, they tried to jerk me around with how I paid and then they were completely rude when I came to collect. Ps. I forgot to mention that they tried to say I already got my refund. Lmao what a joke.
5	I find this location is very convenient as it is located in a large shopping plaza which can make for an easy shopping expedition of need beThe staff at this location is very friendly for both the store and Banfield. You can easily tell that the majority of the employees are pet owners/parents themselves. I especially love that when you've been here enough times, they know you by name as well as your babies (puppies/cats) names. It's also very convenient to be able to bring your pet into the store and allow them to pick put what treat or toy they prefer. Grooming and veterinary services that are offered here are very good and reasonable. The staff is very knowledgeable. I never hesitated to bring either one of my babies here.
