1	This attorneys office is very nice looking however that's about as far as the satisfaction will go you will meet with an attorney the same day however from that point forward your case will only be handled by an assistant. The best way to desribe how the team of Heness and Haight is that there office drops the ball and always passes the blame to everyone else. I would go else where to have someone handle your case
5	I adamantly disagree with the one other review written for Henness & Haight........ADAMANTLY! My attorney was Boyd Moss and he was recommended to me by a friend of a friend.  I went to Mr. Moss after I was rear ended by a vehicle going 40+ mph.  I incurred injuries to both my neck and lower back and had NO medical insurance!  Mr. Moss arranged everything for me...doctor appointments, MRI's, physical therapy, orthopedic surgeons, prescription coverage, pain management, corizone injections, etc.  And when I was disappointed with one doctor, he found me one that was even better!  He personally called me, pretty frequently actually, to check on how I was feeling and to see if there was anything that I needed, and anytime that I was in the Henness & Haight office, Mr. Moss always sat down to talk to me! Obviously, I had a GREAT experience because of Mr. Moss, and god forbid I ever find myself in a similar situation, Mr. Moss will be the next phone call I make after 9-1-1.
5	Henness and Haight made the whole process so easy.  After my car accident I was out a lot of money and really didn't understand the process of getting it back.  After visiting with Henness and Haight, they took care of everything, I didn't have to worry about any of it, and I got all the money I needed. Thanks!
5	I have been dealing with Michael Haight for over 11 years now. This guy and his staff are amazing, and go beyond all expectations to earn your business over and over again. Anyone, looking for a great firm to represent them, call these guys and you wont be disappointed. Tom.N
5	Michael Haight was the attorney my chiropractor recommended when the insurance company of at-fault driver in my auto accident refused to pay my treatment costs.  I was wary at first, but went to my consultation, and immediately felt at ease.  Steven Shulman was assigned to my case, and dealt with me expeditiously and professionally.  He learned the unique situation of my case, and was able to use that to help obtain an optimal result.  Although we were not able to settle my claim easliy due to issues with the insurance company, Steve made the deposition and arbitration process easy and tolerable.  Even down to the payment of my final settlement check, everyone at Henness and Haight was courteous, professional, returned calls promptly, and took the time to get to know me as a person, not just a case.  I am indebted to them for their superior service, and am proud to be (as Mike Haight put it) "a part of their family."  Although I hope that I will never need to use their services again, I am grateful for the representation I received and would highly recommend them to anyone in need of a personal injury attorney.SLM
5	I was looking for a lawyer that could handle not just 1 car accident, but 2 car accidents  I first met with Erik Ahlander and he was my lawyer for over 6 monrths and then I was told that Elaine Marzola was going to be taking on my case.  My first accident happened in 2008 in Los Angelos California which was a hit and run accident where I was T-boned and the person just took off.  My 2nd accident happened in 2010 in Las Vegas Nevada when I was siitting completely stopped in a left turn lane and this school teacher slammed into my truck going about 40 miles an hour. she was texting and not paying attention.   My problem was with both accidents I had a pre existing condition which was a bad back problem. Auto accident #1 in 2008 is still being handled by Hennes & Haight and for now ill just say this, it is still an open case.and probably will  be the hardest case because Im fighting with my own Insurance carrier.Auto accident #2 in 2010 has finally been settled and we didnt have to go to the court room. Elaine did a good job getting this all settled.  I was not the easiest person to deal with.  I was in extreme pain, being treated by a pain Doctor and then going through back surgery having a stimulator in my back.  I had to press my lawyer that we had to go all the way to maximize the settkement because every 5 years i will have to have back surgery every 5 years to change out the battery that is inside me.  I wont say what we settled for but I will say that Elaine listened to me and she pushed the insurance adjuster harder then I pushed Elaine.  I would recomment Elaine to handle any case in the future but I hope that I wont because I am in too much pain and dont want to deal with any more pain.Thank you Elaine Marzola and the rest of the team at Henness & Haight!!!  You are number 1 in my book.  Now lets get accident #1 put to bed.
5	I was rear ended in a terrible car accident where a driver hit my car going 65 miles an hour or more while I was at a dead stop.  I was referred to Henness and Haight by my chiropractor Dr. Corey Wachs after my accident and was very happy with the service the firm provided.    Every time that I  spoke with the staff at the office, the exchange was courteous, professional, and polite;  follow up was completed in a timely manner. Everyone I talked to with their office seemed to be well-informed and trained in their functions dealing with my case. Even almost a year later, while working to settle the claim with my insurance on my uninsured motorist coverage (after my initial settlement) the staff really left the impression they were working hard for me.  Dealing with other attorneys in las vegas has never been this easy; they staff never has been as sensitive and caring.  I wish Henness and Haight practiced in other areas of law besides personal injury; they are truly a find in the legal field and advocates for those who need their services.
5	I was T-boned in a accident in 2012. Henness and Haight were the first Attorneys that I called. After the first consultation I was glad I called them. I felt so at ease with them, their legal assistant LeAnn was always in contact with me, letting me know step by step how things were progressing. I had occurred a lot of medical expense due to the accident but I was always put at ease when I talked to LeAnn. My Attorney, Mr. David Martin, was superb in handling my case. The case closed recently with a outstanding outcome. I've never had a accident, and God forbid if I ever get hit again, I will be calling Henness & Haight. THANK YOU  AGAIN  for helping me!!!!!!!!!!   I made the right choice in selecting this law firm and I'm so thankful !!!!!!!
5	I am so glad I was recommended to Henness & Haight. I was in a car accident in 2011 where I was rear ended on the freeway. It was so obvious that I got rear ended that we both changed information and he had apologized for not paying attention. Little did I know I was about to find out how shady insurance agencies are. Thankfully I have never been involved in a situation like this but I don't know what I would have done if I didn't have Stephen Shulman on my side. Since I have never gone through something like this I assumed he was going to take responsibility since he was at fault.  If it was not for Stephens help I think I would of still been fighting with the insurance or given up! Not only did the insurance say that they were not going to pay but the gentleman that hit me all of a sudden decided to change his story and say I side swiped him. I was so upset and frustrated that I was telling the truth and now because of his negligence I was going to be stuck with medical bills. Between Stephen, Tim and the wonderful ladies of the Henness & Haight office assisting me I felt confident in my decision to stand up for myself with their help. After fighting the good fight, the truth came out and we prevailed. I truly am so thankful and would highly recommend them. They are thorough, helpful, honest, understanding and ready fully represent you. Hopefully I will never need their assistance again but If I do I know I can count on them. Thank you for helping me in such a stressful situation. p.s They also have Spanish speaking lawyers! I would send my family and friends here any day!E.C
5	They are warm, patient, considerate, knowledgeable and effective. I wouldn't use anyone else ever!!!! The highest level of customer service in an injury law firm you will find in Las Vegas:)
5	I was in an auto accident in 2012. I was rear-ended while I was stopped at a stop light by an inattentive driver. My daughter, who works with many injury attorneys, recommended Henness & Haight . She told me at the time they are the best and she was right. Atty. M. Erik Ahlander, Esq  and the people in the office were courteous, efficient and treated me with the greatest dignity and respect. I was kept up to date as to the progress of my claim and I was consulted every time the insurance company made an offer. It was through Atty. Ahlander's efforts and diligence that I received a fair and equitable settlement. I would recommend Henness & Haight to anyone who needs representation in an injury case. They truly have their clients best interest at heart.
5	In Nov. 2012 a lady had reversed into me and my daughter.  I went to a previous attorney that I had used about 10 years ago, Tingey & Tingey, they wouldn't take my case.  I figured because it looks like I was the driver at fault, when it was all the other driver's fault.  I was then referred to Henness and Haight from my daughter's physical therapist.  Boy am I glad I called them.  To be honest, I really expected the same experience as my previous attorney, it was not at all the same.  I had the pleasure of working with Erik and Patricia.  They were awesome.  A few times I had emailed Erik, he himself  called me back 10 mins after my email was sent. True enough that you deal with assistant alot, but thats okay. Erik and  Patricia handled everything very professionally and efficiently. They showed great compassion towards us. After my case was settled, they even gave me a breakdown of everything (applause).  Those "other" law firms can really learn a thing or two from these guys.   I refer all my friends and family  to them.  Thanks guys....
5	I used Henness & Haight after I was injured in a car accident.  Aleisha and Stephen were so helpful and guided me through the process with great communication and professionalism.  They dealt with ALL of the insurance issues and claims, this was the biggest help, I was so thankful for them! E-mails, phone calls, and meetings in the office were always on time and thorough. I was very happy with their service and I would recommend Heness & Haight to any family, friends, or clients. Thank you for everything Stephen and Aleisha!
5	Top notch, first class in every way. My experience with The Henness and Haight law firm was nothing but positive and pleasant. From my first conversation with Jazmin to my final meeting with Mr Haigh , I felt they really cared about me as an individual. My concerns were always addressed immediately and honestly. Throughout my personal injury case I was continually updated on any and all progress regarding the case. Mike Haight and Stephen Schulman fought hard for my case. The outcome of my case far exceeded my expectations.  I can not say enough great things about the Henness and Haight law firm.
1	Top notch?  I think not.My husband sustained an injury at a local hotel.  We called Henness and Haight and described the situation.  A 57 year old man falls at the hotel pool and breaks his hip.  He's now at a local hospital recovering from surgery.  HENNESS AND HAIGHT DECLINED REPRESENTING.  Adding insult to injury, I just saw the partners' commercial on television.  While seemingly compassionate on television, my experience says otherwise.
5	Hennessy & Haight handled my case efficiently and effectively.  Erik and Patricia ensured that I was in good hands and kept informed throughout the entire case.   They were very attentive and thorough.  They kept things very simple and handled everything seamlessly.  I was very pleased with the outcome .  Highly recommended.
5	I worked with this law office in the summer of 2013 and was extremely satisfied with the whole process and outcome. Erik and jazmine were super helpful and always there with answers and advice. They are genuinely interested in the best results for you. They make the process easy for an individual to understand and definitely are professionals.
