5	Having traveled the 215 freeway many times while living on the South West area of Las Vegas, this gas station is very convenient. But that's kinda the idea for these places anyway right?They have a car wash and many lanes of brightly lit pumps, for night visits. The main building is located next to several fast food restaurants. So once you fill up, you can get a quick wash and then a snack, all without leaving the immediate area.
3	This place is close to my work, so I go here sometimes because I like Chevron.  My only complaints are that their gas pumps are SLOW - and about 25% of the time, swiping your card at the pump does not work and it forces you to go in and pay at the counter instead.By the way, there is no car was at this location.  That would be at gas station next to Jack in the Box on the opposing corner of the intersection (Northeast).
4	Nice place to get GAs & a Car wash... Great Service!
4	Standard gas station/Convenience store. Like other Terrible's locations in Las Vegas, sells Chevron gasoline. Should be noted there is no car wash here, despite it being listed as having one. Brush/touch car wash is on opposite north east corner at the Texaco (Pit Stop car wash).
3	TLDR: no car wash, general service, mostly prepackaged foods, connected to a McDonaldsThis Terrible's reflects the par-standard experience you will receive at many Chevron locations. While the standard clerk attempts to provide expedient service, the lines for check-out May reflect the need for additional staffing. At this location, you can select your own fountain drink with their updated Coca-Cola Freestyle Drink Machine. But even with 100+ drink combinations to choose from, how can you compete with the $1 drink for any size at the adjoining McDonald's? Is the $0.49 worth your time? Only time will tell. I foresee all Terrible's locations to be updating to this dispenser-type system. Restrooms aren't that bad. For the afternoon, it looked pretty maintained. Needless to say, it's right near the freeway and connected a McDonald's; I wouldn't be dissuaded in stopping by soon.
