4	From the people who brought us The Emerald Lounge ... it's The Ruby Room!  What a beautiful place stuck in the middle of nowhere (just south of Downtown)! I arrived at 9:45pm on Thursday night and the place was completely empty with the only exception being the bartender and DJ ... ... at any rate the walls were set with local art work and the place has SO much potential (if you had ever been to The Emerald Lounge you know what I mean) ... Fingers crossed that more people catch on to this potentially VERY cool as hangout and live music and art venue!
4	This place is hard to find.... did they change their sign yet?  I almost think that they shouldn't.  I think the smarmy velevt paintings of naked ladies make this one of the best dive bars of all.  The stage is at the long end of teh room, so you can sit at tables a little further away... which is nice when you want to talk in between acts.  They have a decent yet stnadard selection of beers.
4	Really great new hangout downtown. Did an awesome job reimagining this place into a dark, seedy, yet very comfortable bar. Although two latinos who sat beside me were really upset to not find Big Al, pool tables, and karaoke night. Oh well, you can't please everybody.I went after first friday and it was predictably packed. They had three bands that were extremely loud, but were thankfully also very good. The first band was a mixture of 70s surf music, hardcore, and generator rock that felt very in place for the bar as well as the city (the best band of the night). The other two were a hives rip off band and another surf music band that were also pretty good. But too loud to hold a decent conversation. I would prefer to go there on a night without bands to chill.The other negatives are no patio and no beer on tap. But the drinks were a good price for a friday(G&T's for 3.50), well made, and pretty alcoholic.
4	I'm perhaps a little biased as I dj at this bar on Wednesday nights, but this is one of my favorite local hangouts. I love the dark lounge lighting and wooden bar. The bartenders here are always friendly and there's something going on every night of the week.Hopefully people will begin to venture slightly south of downtown without fear of the area. The Ruby Room is definitely a safe place to hang out. Hopefully the Ruby Room can get some beer on tap soon, as that's really all I feel is missing from this bar. If you're looking for a bar with a lot of local character that doesn't have any of the bullshit that can be associated with going out, you should do yourself a favor and check out the Ruby Room.
4	Build it and they will come, wasn't that the advice of the voice over narrative in Field of Dreams? This is how I feel about the downtown Phoenix area. As I drove through downtown (I got lost) trying to find the the Ruby Room, I wondered "where the F is everyone?" I have driven and walked through many cities on a Saturday night, but Phoenix was a ghost town. I know there are major plans for the downtown area (light rail dreams) but I just can't wait. (Insert Ruby Room Here)  So I found the Ruby Room, and it is completely obscure and somewhat intimidating as you walk in. I paid the 5 buck cover for the bands to a bearded doorman with a kick@ss CJ jeep, and entered a dark, candle lite bar with deep red paint on the walls. the place was dead except for 3 people at the bar and the bar tender. It was about 9:45pm. I thought., ok should I go?  I said what the hell and sat down. I am glad I did. After paying 3.75$ for a Guinness (amazing price) I started chatting with the same door man (who looked pretty tough) about the difference between Ren & Stympy and Pinky and the Brain. We debated what is a better show and why, and discussed the influence of the Ani-maniacs on modern day "adult swim" like cartoons.  The bartender was cool and very attentive and the crowd (wid ranging) was mellow. The place filled up quickly and as Vic Masters performed. I would say this guy was a cross between Jay Bennett (Wilco, Minus 5) and Buddy Holly and Robin Williams. He did a musical performance act that told a story of his visit to the sun and meeting Nostradamus (basically a large white wig on a stick). It was funny, entertaining, and musically excellent. He actually had record albums he would just launch into the crowd as part of the show. I totally enjoyed this. I have to say this place has potential. If you like the art scene, dive-esque, musically oriented places, this place is for you. Drop your pretentious at the door, open your mind, and enter the Ruby Room. This is not a Scottsdale bar.  It is somewhat hard to find, as Central Ave is a one way and could be deemed as a questionable neighborhood. The fact that someone keeps stealing their 50 pound cigarette astray that is outside (a large concrete object with sand in it) tells me, don't leave your car here overnight, but during the show they have a well lit parking lot, and the previously mentioned lover of Pinky and Brain Door man, watching over things. He even warned me of the one way street when I left, and told me where the cops were. Now that is service ;)
4	Though I love this place, it is just a standard bar.  The lineup throughout the week is fairly diverse so you've got to like that.  I've enjoyed the monday comedy open mic and several downtown musicians, bands and djs on several occasions.  Sometimes the crowds are sparce but that is PHX in '07 for you.  Atmosphere is good the neighborhood and oneway street are less good.  But I think after people go there a few times they can figure it out.  As with everything great...wait for it...  Good atmosphere, very good veteran bartenders, good music.
3	If you didn't know what you were looking for you could easily miss this place.  Its not the kind of place you would just stumble upon.  The parking lot is huge and well lit which is in stark contrast to the almost total darkness that greets you when you go inside.  Wow.  I think its darker in here than at Merc Bar.  Its inviting though, just be prepared to be thrust into darkness.  The bartender was really nice and very quick and mixed a good strong drink.  However, given its location and the fact that I'm not a live music kind of gal I don't really see myself returning here unless if was for a special event.  (In which case it would be a great space). There was nothing about the Ruby Room that would make it a destination in and of itself.
5	I am at home on cold meds.  Home, cozy and feeling a bit woozy.  Funny, how this makes me thing about Ruby Room.  By the second time I went to Ruby Room, I felt like I was at home.  Well, my home doesn't have pictures of naked ladies all over the wall (tastefully done of course).  Wouldn't work at home, but here - Purrrrrfect!  My group has done an event here where we asked the awesome folks at Ruby Room to throw down some old time vintage cocktails.  Not only did they do it big time (even using raw egg whites!), but they even did a special vintage drinks menu for every day use!   You have to try a Pink Lady.  Heaven, I'm telling you.  (They hold the raw egg for ya, but still mmm mmm good.)  Even the vintage menu is printed on a naked lady picture.  Maybe this should be called The Naked Lady?  Well, they can't do that because in this neighborhood folks would think it was a strip club.  And with no windows and a super dark interior that rivals only the original Chez Nous I can see how someone might think that.  Speaking of the neighborhood - this place can be tough to find.  I have a friend who circled the place 2x before I had to go outside to flag them down.  I got cat calls while I was out there.  Speaks much more for the neighborhood guys hanging outside the convenience store than it does for me. But if you're ever looking for a little confidence boost - walking out here in a short skirt and flagging down a car is always an option. Though other cars may stop too... Anyhow, the DJ's seem cool but I've never been there later than 10:30 so I've never seen a band or gotten too deep into a DJ's set.  I'm lame, I know.  But the music played when there aren't DJ's and bands is pretty dang cool.  WIDE variety.  Count Bassie, Blondie, Nouvelle Vague, Paul Simon, Stray Cats, Some funky band I never heard of but plays cool stuff.  Actually, there was a lot of that.  I asked who several of the artists were, but thanks to those potent Pink Ladies - I don't remember any of their names.  Service is awesome.  Can't say enough about the awesome bartenders. WOO HOO! [With fist in the air and eyes closed]  Love how darned friendly all of the folks who come here seem to be!  So so friendly - yet totally chill.  Love the red walls.  Love the naked girlie pics that are all 70's ish and velvet looking.  Love their awesome array of cocktail goodieness.  They make a general non-drinker like me want to try more and more drinks.    Which brings me back to my woozy current state.  (Don't you love full circle reviews?)   Anyhow, Ruby Room rocks.  Bring a friend, or make one while you're there.  Or don't.  It's all up to you.  They're cool like that.
1	This place is so frustrating. Its such a great lounge with a great atmosphere and look. Not to mention the DJ's and music they pull into that place is usually amazing localites. UNFORTUNATELY, this bar does not really understand how to market itself nor how to promote. If you plan on having a drink and wanting to be ALONE you will definitely get it most nights of the week. Drinks are ok.
4	This place is still a whisper in the downtown scene, which is both a positive and a negative.This place is pretty small, so the more people who crowd this place, the worse off the rest of us will be who don't want to stand around a narrow bar.Yet, places like these need to thrive and the more who frequent the place the better, obvs.I really enjoy the deep-dark basement this place emulates.  The bartenders are friendly and quite literally VERY skilled at their craft, being able to understand your drink order over the Krakatoa-volcanic-eruption-like noise level that is the Ruby Room.  I like the cheap drinks and the accessibility to the smoking 'patio', which also doubles as the parking lot.  Nonetheless, the bouncer here is really friendly and chatty during those sometimes-lonely smoke breaks.
4	I positively adore the Ruby Room, and am sad that I haven't gotten down there more lately.  It's a Jacqui J kinda bar, right down to the ground.  Dark, with red lighting and velvet paintings.  It's not right in the middle of my beloved downtown, but close enough that it would be absurd to complain.The bands though, yikes... that's where they lost that 5th star.  it's been terribly hit or miss in my experience.  I've seen my favorite locals, The Necronauts, and Sonorous (used to?) play there every Wednesday, but I've seen some god-awful music there too.  Definitely do your research before you go.  They have a myspace page, and most of their bands are linked there too, hopefully with music samples on their page.Drink prices are decent though, staff is quick and polite, and you just really can't beat the look and feel of the place.
4	the drinks are stiff the bartenders are awesomethe music is always goodI am so happy to have the emerald backthe only reason it doesn't get five is because the location is a little out of the way.but i love velvet tits, maybe that makes up for it :)soon to be featuring a mural wall by tato carevero
5	OK so it took a bit to find it.  I took Central from my place and then learned that it's only one way at this end.  No biggie.  Took 1st ave or St and got there ok.Walking into the Ruby Room, you immediately feel at home.  The staff at the bar is super-friendly (and CUTE!) and easy to talk to.The sound system was pretty good, too.  I was there to perform and can't stand a crappy sound system while trying to make people laugh.The red walls give it an other-worldly feel.  Romantic, warm, foreign...that's how I feel there!
5	A couple co-workers wanted to go see the Minibosses last night and despite being dead tired and not caring much for the Minibosses, I reluctantly decided to tag along and check the place out. Talk about off the beaten path. I wouldn't come to this part of town unless seeing one of my crazy clients at the residential facility down the street or to score some rock myself. But I was pleasantly suprised, what a great little joint! The inside is cozy and dark with soothing red light and painted red walls adorned with saucy pictures of buxom naked women. Immediately you get that the vibe is super laid-back, with smatterings of people at the tables and at the bar and "roadies" and band members darting in and out.  I don't care much for crowds so I am always very happy to be able to sit at a table, have a drink and watch some music undisturbed. Although I would have rather listened to the DJ than the Minibosses, I liked the intimate feel of the place and was very excited to see there is an 80's dance night (Sundays?), plus there is a Wells Fargo right across the parking lot for all your ATM needs. I definitely plan on checking this place out again, a nice little find!
2	Uhm, totally not a place where you can go and relax, unless you're with a group of friends. There's just this "run-down, seedy, unkempt and dangerous" vibe you get when you approach The Ruby Room. I'm no chicken sh*t. I can deal with dive bars. I like them, actually, but not when the little hairs on the back of your neck stand up. If The Ruby Room were in another location - perhaps in the neighborhood of Modified Arts and Lost Leaf - it would be a sure-bet. The decor can feel very vampire-like, though, with dark, red walls, low lighting and the naked women on the wall, looking down at you. Plus, they now serve absinthe. (As for their beer selection? Meager, at best.)Again, if you're going out with friends, this place could be fun. Otherwise, don't bother.
3	My friend warned me that this place was a dive, and (once I found it) discovered upon walking in that he was very right.  It's a tiny room with a bar and a little stage.  The night I came, there were there local bands playing and there was a $5 cover -- not terrible considering I only paid $5.50 for a Crown & diet.  Bartender was very friendly, but the clientele was not.  The only person I talked to was the friend I was meeting.  They did have a cool contraption that dispensed water for do-it-yourself absinthe shots, and at only $8 a shot, that makes this bar almost cool enough to go to on its own.  Almost.
4	I went here one night during a torrential downpour.  Gail force winds, thunder and lightening that sent chills down your spine.  The sign was dimly lit and the place was almost empty, the vibe was definitely very David Lynch.  Seriously, if Lynch were to open a bar, or shoot one for a movie, this would be it.  Owned by the same people who brought you Emerald Lounge, this place is definitely a step up from the Emerald, but still retains a bit of that kitschy feel.  Go here if you want to get away from the cookie-cutter Scottsdale club scene.
5	My friends and I went to the Ruby Room last night for the brand new First Thursday event, Shack Shake.Ya'll missed out, big time! A wonderful new-ish band named the Jump Back Brothers played last night, and in between sets they spun original, deliciously vintage 78 records, scratches and all. It was marvelous to hear the genuine old stuff in this semi-dark place with the deep red walls and nudie girl pictures on the walls. This is going to be a regular event on the first Thursday of the month, and if anyone knows what's good for them, they will come down and enjoy the vintage goodness that is the Brothers. This band SMOKES. They are all veterans of the music scene and play the old stuff like they mean it. It was perfect for dancing and they take requests; I heard Hank and Jerry Reed and old 40s R&B material and I was just in heaven! It was perfect music for this place. Rhonda at the bar was fantastic too and the drink prices are pretty reasonable. I am SO glad that I found this place and hope that more people find it-it is a bit off the beaten path but if you are looking for old-time Phoenix dive-bar ambiance with a modern David Lynch twist, go here. So many folks in town complain that there is nothing to do (myself included, but I am very specific about what I like) but more events like these are so badly needed. It would be great if this area was rejuvenated with more insanely hip places like the Ruby Room. That area of Central can be dicey BUT the parking lot is very well-lit and I felt no danger as a single female arriving and leaving. ( I feel more strange at the Bikini, which I love too.) It's not that seedy, either. The place is clean and the vibe is great. Loved the cheesy tapestries on the walls in the ladies room, too!I will be back, hopefully more than once a month. I love this place! And go see the Jump Back Brothers-you will NOT regret it!!!!!
4	Ruby Room is a cool little spot.  I had  never heard of it until Unity Fridays started there.  Bar tenders are way too cool.  I like to drink but had a sheltered upbringing...Rhonda (only female bartender there) will offer suggestions based on what you are trying to do...LOL.  Anyway, check out Unity Fridays.  House music in the Ruby Room is the only way to go...btw, Unity is tonight 12/26/08
4	I've only been here once so far, but I'm a fan. Kinda tricky to get to, but once you're there, there's plenty of free parking (which I like). The bar itself is your typical dive. Nothing too special or bad about it. Friendly staff, and good drinks. A little smelly, but not overwhelmingly so.What I really liked, was that they were playing Black Sheep on their TV's. Not the Black Sheep with Chris Farley, but the one set in New Zealand where sheep start attacking, killing and turning people into sheep. It's hilarious and bloody. Anyway, it was a funny thing to see after consuming a few drinks.We were there to see one of my favorite San Diego bands, Writer, as well as a local friend D.S. Yancey. Sound was good, and there was plenty of room for standing and sitting.
4	Now I am in love with this place, although the first couple times I went to  the Ruby Room to hear my friend's play, it was so loud I thought my ears were going to bleed - so most of us just listened to the bands from outside in the parking lot. But I've been to many shows there in the last few months and now that it's not so painfully loud it is one of my favorite venues. It has a great central location and there is always a great line-up of bands and DJ's. The staff/owner are awesome and I already have dates in my calendar reserved to go catch some of their upcoming shows.
1	So I came here for Free Muff Monday's. It's a comedy night with locals giving 15 minute sets of laughs. I had never been here before so I was looking forward to checking out a new spot. First off, I couldn't find the damn place. I drove around for 30 minutes in a TERRIBLE neighborhood fearing that every time I had to stop at a red light or a stop sign I was going to get car jacked. I finally got there when I saw that they had a sign on the front of the building, which was facing the wrong way for the one-way street RR is located on. I parked my car under a light pole but was actually nervous about leaving it because of all the homeless crack heads milling about in the parking lot looking to bum change or cigarettes. When I walked inside I was hit with an overwhelming smell of cat piss! The decor was nice and the drinks were cheap AND it was a free event, but it's not worth putting my life in danger and I'm never going here again.
3	The Ruby Room is a mid century gem.  Basically it's a dive bar that has maintained a sense of class.  Great decor, intimate vibe, friendly attentive staff, and a lot of cool bands.  The only problem is the sound system: overly loud with crappy acoustics. This is a big drawback for bar that has become primarily known as a music venue. Nevertheless, definitely worth checking out.
4	Of course...I just find this cool place and it's dead.  According to the New Times the Ruby Room closed on 11/30/09:http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/uponsun/2009/11/rip_ruby_room_cenpho_music_ven.php
