5	Bottom line: Amazing.Price is astounding. In a good way. This is in the heart of Summerlin, at Tivoli Village, and the prices that are listed are so unreasonably LOWER than what I expected. And the Quality? Speechless. Ambience? Not one square cm has been left to it's own. These guys know what their doing; they're passionate about the food, the place, EVERYTHING. They want you to have a good time, and they've gone through great lengths to do so. The staff are very good; they're educated on everything on the menu (they take actual tests before their allowed to work and go through rigorous screening processes) and are highly educated on the different meats and the best ways to have them. I challenge you to find a better restaurant in all of Vegas. Seriously. I don't know of one.More: As I've been in Vegas for the past 4 years (Really??! That long already??), I rarely come across any restaurant on or off the strip that I get so excited about that I would race to tell people about. Rarely is there a place where the owners are so passionate about not only opening a business, but pouring out their hearts and soul to anyone who will listen about their concept and show you their thought process. Actually, rarely do you see that anywhere these days. It seems that the only ones you find with said mentality could be found in food trucks. Maybe it's just my fondness for detail in the most minute areas, but I digress.The restaurant is divided into three parts: a butchery, a lounge-type are complete with a butcher bar (think sushi bar, but for meats like prosciutto) and mixology bar, and then finally, the restaurant. The butchery is amazing. You need a meat? Go there first. Prices are so reasonable and the meats are the some of the best quality you can find. The staff are very knowledgable and can give you advice on the best ways to treat and cook the meat.  You can see the cutting from the outside of the restaurant through large windows that reveal probably the largest walk-in fridge unit in Nevada. Also visible are different meats hanging just like in a butcher. Because that's what it is. Adds a super nice touch to the whole look and feel. The mixology bar is awesome. Bartenders are great and awesome, seating is comfortable, and the Butcher Bar is definitely something that is a MUST TRY. I won't ruin the surprise, but trust me, I'm taking the time to actually write this long review and say TRY IT. You'll think: "Why isn't this already in existence???"The restaurant is upstairs with an open view of the kitchen. Let me say that the ability to have Kitchen side dining is awesome. To be able to see the magic happen is just as awesome as eating the wonderful and delicious food. Now when I went, it was a soft opening and there weren't menus yet, so I can't recall much about the names and what was in the food. Sorry, I was just more blown away by the actual food and place that I pretty much just forgot. Which I will chalk into the "It's a good thing" category. I wasn't concerned that when I go there again that I'll only want that item; I want to try them ALL.So, do yourself a favor: Give this spot a chance, and find out why this is one amazing place.Edit: By the way, if you eat at the restaurant and want awesome service, I highly recommend asking for a waitress named Courtney. Probably one of the best on staff.
4	I am not like a moon orbiting a massive radiant planet-called Tivoli Village. Few cobblestones and a courtyard doesn't  transform it to an Italian Village. There is no eatery that is healthy and ethnic enough to make my visit worthwhile. The shops mostly cater to women and whatever is there for men is overpriced junk or for teenagers on a sled. Having said that, Echo & Rig, is a valid reason to visit. This newest steak house by Chef and owner Sam Marvin (who is busy opening few more steak houses-one more coming to Vegas next year- I was told.) The concept is unique-even for Vegas ! A Butcher and Steak House. Buy your meat and eat it too!I love a good steak like London Broil and Pepper Steak,  that I used to imbibe in Chicago, but none of the chefs here know to how to cook London broil, not to mention the meat should be extra lean like sirloin beef or knuckle beef with fat less than 5% as opposed to a porter house steak that is close to 50% fat. Not only the steak houses don't have that kind of lean meat but there is no butcher on the premises. At Echo & Rig. the meat is displayed on your right as you walk in glassed freezer-the biggest walk in freezer-at a temperature of 32 degrees at all times and you can order knuckle steak or burger or sirloin steak.  Next to the freezer is the biggest solid butcher block (on a broad day light when no one is looking I intend to take this to my kitchen.) You can also get Wagyu beef from Wyoming or Kobe beef  from Kobe, Japan. The beef is from grass fed cows with no steroids or antibiotics and the sirloin cut of meat (which is on display but not the knuckle beef, which has to be ordered 24 hrs before the cooking time) can be cooked as steak or burger..The Master Butcher, by the name of Trevor, is lean and healthy looking and  conscious of nutrition, unlike most of the chefs who are ruddy faced and rotund  like Orson Wells or Hitchcock (by the way Alfred Hitchcock, who liked to be called Hitch, was a prolific eater and he believed that a good eater also had a good libido and imported meat, lamb and Dover sole from England and claimed he served the best steak in in LA at his own house.) They serve what ever people ask for and choose. The steak starts at $22.50 but this kind of meat in some gourmet houses are selling at three or four times the price and few of the chefs serving raw meat from unknown butcher.The Echo and Rig is located in the circle where the fountain is, with the valet parked cars around the fountain (generally speaking, valet's are first cousins of Mario Fittipaldi and they have racing streak in them. They park my car at 45 miles an hour. I saw a valet in LA changing tires at 60 miles an hour. The seat and mirror are adjusted to a midget driver.) This is one complimentary gesture that  I will not make use of.There are two patios, one on the ground floor facing the Alta Drive and the other on the second floor facing the fountains, which is perfect for private parties. The ambiance is good but there is lot of wasted space.and the one mini bar with waitresses carrying full glasses of wine up the stairs-is a disaster to happen. The bar only serve draft beer and I was not a happy camper, since they have no beer mugs or tall frosted beer glasses (one downgrade) the glasses are the kind you find in a biker bars or bars on main street or the English pubs.However, they do have half / full glass of wine which is a great idea and they are reasonably priced, On my next visit better the red wine be chilled (and not Las Vegas room temperature of 120 degrees, as the master Somme-liars! tell them to serve) If not I will downgrade another point. The also sell organic beef jerky, cast iron skillet and other items.There is no Theme here, with antlers head poking out of the wall or mahogany wood or some gimmick to make it look like it is inhabited by macho men or men with fat cigars and fake display of wealth with borrowed BMW's. Good healthy steak is the Theme. Better the other steak houses follow the theme and pricing or they will be extinct..along with the antlers head !
5	What a concept: 5 star food at 3 star prices! Seriously affordable awesomeness here, with eminently sharable plates starting at $5.   Everything is made from scratch, which makes everything from sausage to designer cocktails amazeballs great. We had the Rib Eye Cap steak... taken from the most tender part of the rib eye area (I'm not a meat expert! But they are). It was seriously the best steak we've ever eaten, and at $22, are you KIDDING ME? They had a choice of 8 sauces, but none tasted as good as the naked steak. Also amazing was the lighter-than-air "Over The Rainbow" chopped salad (quinoa, citrus, veggies in a champagne vinaigrette dressing), $8. And the crispy fried portobello fries with aioli dip was a knockout, don't miss them whatever you do.   We bought an awesome roast and some amazing breakfast sausage (made that morning!) at the butcher shop downstairs, on the way out. Meat so awesomely fresh that they can tell you the story of each kind of meat... where the cow came from, how it was raised, how it lived (on the farm, grazing naturally), no hormones no preservatives, none of that. And super reasonably priced, just like our meal was upstairs. We'll be back, just for the butcher shop.   Sorry to run off at the mouth, but Echo & Rig should NOT be missed.   Great service, too... intuitive but not interruptive. Ask for Patrick!
4	Schizophrenic but promising. As with any new restaurant, bugs to be worked out. The downstairs check-in/bar wait area appears really disorganized, probably more so than it is. The huge entry seems to be a huge waste of space, especially when you see how cramped some of the areas upstairs are. The butcher area is cool, but I need to see if the selection and quality are up to the hype. My biggest issue was with the menu. It is poorly laid out at best. They claim to feature their small plates and "butcher cuts", yet they are some of the smaller sections on the menu, compared to salads? And lunches??Also, the pitch the waiter gives about the specialty cuts being so unique-TrI tip, sirloin, flank steak???Having said all that, the food was good, some of it very good. The sides were terrific (cauliflower, kale, bone marrow,asparagus, etc). The hangar steak is terrific. However, they also offer 3 cuts "by the inch"-ny strip, ribeye, filet. The "inch" was more like a half and the meat was ok. Just ok. Tender but not that flavorful and disappointing. One great thing-bring your own wine-no corkage fee. As soon as this place decides what it really wants to be, it will improve dramatically. I'd love to think they'd move away from trying to be all things and really emphasize the small plates and specialty cuts. Vegas, and the neighborhood, needs what Echo and Rig could be.
4	Dinner (the appetizers, steak and side dishes) was great. Jason, our waiter, was excellent. However, there is lots of training and fine tuning to be done. I could have died of thirst waiting for my cocktails before dinner and wine with dinner. The bar is downstairs and the dining area upstairs. Not a goos configuration. My second drink (I asked for a twist) came without it even though the first drink had one. Go figure. The worst part was that they had to run my bill three times before they got it right, that was really strange. All in all, the place will be a hit as soon as they fix all the issues and figure out how to get the drinks from the first flor to the second floor a bit faster.
5	Great place!! Portobello mushroom fries were on point!! Loved the service my waitress Nan was amazing not to mention her assistance! Very reasonable prices for how fine the dining is! Will definitely be going back!
5	My wife and I just ate here for the first time last night, and it was fantastic!  The meats that we had were all very tasty and done perfectly - lamb, flank steak and the halibut.  The Rainbow Salad was certainly a highlight as were the portobello mushroom fries.  I appreciated the lighter interior, it is a nice change from all the other restaurants in town which are always so dark.  The prices are more than reasonable, on point with Flemming's etc; but the food was much more fresh and flavorful.  I love the atmosphere as you walk in, seeing the meat being cured and aged adds a true old world element to your dining experience; although they do waste quite a bit of space with just the butcher and the bar.We will certainly be coming back, and Tivoli as a whole continues to provide a unique environment in southwest part of town.
5	This place was so good.  The service was great, and the food was phenomenal.  I had the Spencer steak, and it was cooked perfectly.  The pork belly and grits are pretty awesome, too.  I normally can't eat grits by themselves, but I could have totally eaten a giant bowl of the ones they have here.  The blackberry sorbet was also really yummy.  The resteraunt itself is also really pretty.  We ate outside, and it was really lovely.
5	I usually will wait until a 2nd visit to review a place, however if the place is really bad or amazingly good I'll write a review when I get home from the place. This is one of those reviews.I don't often make it up to Tivoli Village but on the trips I did I would always peek in the windows and see how things were going at Echo & Rig. Tonight I finally got into the place and it was great.When we entered they walked us through the lower level, we got to check out the butcher shop, the deli/charcuterie counter, and the bar before heading upstairs to the dining room.The layout is a little random with the bar/butcher shop downstairs, and the dining room & kitchen upstairs. The dining room is very open and there's some room between the tables. There is a patio off the dining room and an exhibition kitchen along the entire south wall of the dining room.The servers were attentive, the hosts were friendly, the bussers were quick to refill the water glasses (complimentary sparkling or still water), and bringing the proper weapons(utensils) to make sure we could properly enjoy our meals.The food was really, really damn good. We had several things off of their expansive (Over 90 item) Menu. The hardest part of the entire meal was selecting which items on the menu to try and which to keep for another visit.The meal started with a bread basket, it was a pretty basic looking basket with 3 slices of bread and no butter, at first I thought it was odd, but after trying the bread I realized butter wasn't needed.Next up was our small plate "appetizers". First up was the Thick Cut Bacon and BBQ Sauce. The Bacon was grilled which added a great flavor, the BBQ sauce was ok, but I mainly ate the bacon plain and it was good. We also had the Bone Marrow Carne Asada, yes you read that right it's not only "Gods Butter" Bone Marrow it also comes with carne asada as well a perfect combo on the toast.After that was the Charcuterie Plate, Prosciutto, 3 different Salamis, Pate, and Head Cheese all were delish, but the Prosciutto was my favorite.  Next was Grilled Octopus, now I myself am not an octopus guy, but this dish was amazing and made me rethink my hatred for octopus. We also had the Mushroom soup, it was creamy and delish.Next was the Entree Course, I had the Butcher's Cut Ribeye which was a 14oz steak cooked medium rare (possibly a touch over), served with Garlic Chips and Mushroom Rockefeller. This would have been enough on it's own, but not for us. We also added Portobello Fries, Mashed Potatoes, and Heirloom Carrots for bonus eats. The Potatoes and Carrots were amazing, but the Steak was the stand out item of the meal. I'm not a fan of steak sauces, but if you are, unlike most places that charge $5-7 for a sauce, Echo & Rig includes one free sauce with your steak, which is a nice touch.As if all this food wasn't enough the waiter told us about the dessert menu. They  only serve Ice Cream Sundaes. And after hearing him say "salted caramel ice cream" I was getting the turtle sundae. It was the perfect end to an amazing meal.I can't wait to get back and try the rest of their menu. I really am looking forward to their late night menu for a late bite before heading to La Casa down the road for the a Cigar.Also the have free wifi for all your food porn posting needs which is a great added bonus
5	This is the BEST steakhouse off the strip.  And even with that, Echo & Rig has SO much more going for it!I came here with a 8 adults and 4 kids for my wife's birthday dinner on a very busy Saturday night.  Even though they normally don't take reservations, the manager I spoke with on the phone the day before (Cheryl) was very helpful as I had my eye on the big long striped wooden table that was pictured on their site and they saved it for us.  We arrived a few minutes before and were treated to passed hors d'oeuvres of their homemade salami and smoked chicken.  Yum freakin yum.With so many small plates offered, Echo & Rig is meant for groups so everything can be shared.  We split 3 salads and they all threw curveballs to the palate.  The kale salad with yellow beets, toasted hazelnuts and goat cheese was really nice.  Their "over the rainbow salad" was an explosion of flavor featuring farro, quinoa, red, yellow & orange bell peppers, corn, red onion, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, almonds, herbs & Champagne vinaigrette.  That's a vegetarian's dream right there.  And the fried spinach salad with red onion, cauliflower, broccoli was fantastic with the chile-lime vinaigrette was probably my favorite of them all.  The crispness of the spinach combined with the heat from the dressing was quite a combination.  We ordered a bunch of small plates and the standouts for me were the cauliflower with chili de Arbol, crispy shallots and onions and the roasted garlic mashed potatoes with sharp white cheddar but the description didn't do that justice.  It was almost like a super hash brown with a really nice dijon sauce.  I was also able to sample the burnt peas, pumpkin squash, grilled thick cut bacon with bbq sauce (no sauce needed), butcher's sausage and mac and cheese.  All of them were solid options and everything was devoured by the group.  I got the "Spencer Steak" which was one of the 3 ribeye cuts offered.  Each steak comes with a complimentary sauce and I went with charred onion but sauce just isn't necessary when the meat is awesome.  My medium rare cut was closer to rare but it was probably better that way.  It was everything you wanted in a steak...tender, juicy and flavorful.  My wife's rare filet mignon was cooked perfectly and just got better bite after bite.Then there's the freakin value of it all!!  The priciest entree is only $35!  NO corkage fee (we brought 3 bottles), NO cake fee (got a cake from Patisserie Manon) and they lit the candles and brought it out.  The total bill for 8 adults and 4 kids came out to what 2 people would spend at Carnevino.  Total Wine and More is just across the way in Boca Park so pick something up there.  I cannot wait to come back since there are so many other dishes I must try like bone marrow carne asada and Hawaiian cowboy.  I also can't wait for them to bust out their brunch and late night menus.  They also have tables set up on a balcony overlooking the Tivoli Village fountain which would make for a terrific date night.   The staff was top notch from beginning to end and the experience here wouldn't have been as wonderful as it was without their great work.  They earned their tips and then some! I'm ready to go back for lunch.  Say hi to the pig heads outside!!
4	Good steak; they marinate cheaper, tougher cuts of beef & make it taste good by charcoal grilling. The side of cauliflower was excellent. We enjoyed the skirt and hanger steak. The Caesar salad was good but  the dressing did not taste like it had garlic in it. The waitress was the ditziest I have ever experienced..every 3rd word was yummie..gr8 English vocabulary she had, dah..poor vegas education or just an absolute ditz. When we asked about the sides..well, her comment was they are all so awesome & yummie with no description of any. We finally got bread as we finished our entrees. The Tuscan bread was the saltiest I have ever had..absolutely inedible.  We will  return for the steak & sides. They are quite disorganized with so many employees that are poorly trained or just poorly educated young kids. Poor on the service side. Definitely not even close to T Bones in Red Rock. The meats in the butcher shop are off the chart expensive & they raise the per lb price almost every day. No way is a lousy tough NY strip steak worth $27./lb.  The whole carcusses are hanging in their window as are 2 whole headless pigs and their heads are on the top shelf. That is enough to turn anybody off. Very attractive restaurant but extremely loud with marble-like hard floors. The restaurant is on the 2nd floor. Nice outdoor dining if it is not too hot outdoors.
5	Pink Himalayan salt, portobello mushroom fries with aioli, marble flooring...am I at Bottega Louie in L.A.? This place seem all too familiar thanks to Chef Sam Marvin who's behind both Bottega Louie and Echo & Rig. I'm so happy I could eat portobello fries whenever I please now.Located in suite #120 in Tivoli Village. Across from Brio and Barton gym where there's a roundabout for valet. The only signage you'll find are carcass hanging and pig heads. This is afterall a butcher shop and a steakhouse. You can also buy Terra Blue chips, sauces from here aside from meats.Our server, Brian was terrific. Great personality and knew the menu inside and out. He informed us that they currently have 3 dessert sundaes: applie pie, mixed berry shortcake and salted caramel. But that they would eventually have 12. He also told us that the 3 top-selling appetizers are octopus, portobello fries (of course!) and tomato watermelon and cucumber. Our busser, Shawn, also did a great job. Our tables were cleared immediately and our drinks were not even half empty and we'd already get another glass of whatever we're drinking.For our appetizers, we got fried chicken, oyster sliders, portobello fries and grilled octopus. For steaks we had hanger (with Bearnaise), rib eye cap (with blue cheese) and filet mignon (with chimichurri) - all come with homemade garlic chips and mushroom Rockefeller. The sauces were excellent. We got a side of garlic mashed potatoes anyway. For dessert, we tried apple pie sundae and salted caramel sundae.Fried Chicken:Crispy fried chicken skin (not breaded), meat was tender and juicy, and the sauce reminds me of Korean fried chicken...the one with sweet brown sauce. 5/5Portobello Fries:Breaded and fried strips of portobello sprinkled with parmesan cheese and parsley. Comes with the most wonderful aioli for dipping. One of the reasons I go to Bottega Louie and now they're here. Love it love it love it! 5/5Grilled Octopus:Tender grilled pieces of octopus with gigante beans in garlic and green olive vinaigrette. The vinaigrette gives acidity to the perfectly-charred octopus. 5/5Filet Mignon:Simply seasoned grass-fed natural beef. This is my favorite cut since I'm not a fan of animal fat (except for pork belly and bacon) and as usual, cooked medium-rare. I got chimichurri to go with it but honestly, the steak doesn't need sauce. 5/5Apple Pie Sundae:Vanilla ice cream, half a cookie, apple pie pieces and caramel. 5/5Salted Caramel Sundae:Vanilla and coffee ice cream, candied peanuts, toffee bits and salted caramel. 4/5The prices are totally reasonable. $35 for a good piece of steak? Oh, c'mon! For everything we ate, we only spent $160. We also got a complimentary bowl of cauliflower with chili. The only thing missing is macarons. Bottega Louie does have the best macarons in this country that isn't Laduree. So, when the day comes they start to carry macarons here, I've no reason to go back to L.A.!
4	This review is for the butcher shop. We decided to check it out while visiting the Farmers Market. The shop is spotless and brightly lit. The see thru meat keepers display a variety of product. Butcher Trevor Morones was helpful in selecting some beef for shish kabobs and an eye of the round roast. A week after the purchase we returned to thank him for the excellent pieces of meat. Next time it's a visit to the restaurant. Stay tuned more to come.
4	Welllllllllllllllllll without going into details ....go but don't order the duck !!!
5	Great food-staff-place-concept-pricesGreat the ownership and managementGood service friendly but attentiveI highly suggest everyone of you that come to Vegas or live here to stop by and give it a tryMy new favorite!!!!These guys they are going to be successfulGood luck and welcome to the neighborhood FRIENDS!!!
5	Hands down one of the best steak houses in town!  Best value $22 for a steak - how does this place make any money?!!It was packed and we had to wait an hour but we had no problems since we sampled a dozen items while we were waiting including lamb sausage, bolognese, sirloin steak, pork sandwich, and much more.  With all the sampling they provide, I'd actually prefer to arrive at a busy time for the freebies.NO CORKAGE fees and when the manager saw that we had our bottle in hand while we were waiting, she took it to go get it chilled and brought it out immediately when we were seated.  We ordered the Spencer Steak (specialized rib eye) and the Lamb chops which was some of the highest quality and best bang for the buck steaks you can get.  This was accompanied by portobello fries fried perfectly with a little crisp and all the fresh umami meatiness from the mushrooms.   The cauliflower you could practically feed to kids...so delicious.We will definitely be back.   I stll dont know how this place makes any money but we'll continue to go back.  With the free wine corkage and ridiculously cheap prices, i dont know how you could ever go on the strip.   Echo and Rig is a must!
5	I'm incredibly impressed with the exquisite caliber of food at E&R and at the prices, it's unbelievable. Amazing cuts of meat with incredible flavor and fantastic sides/small plates though I have yet to try the brussel sprouts... They run out quick!  Great list of draft beers (and pitchers!) and wines also incredibly reasonably priced. This is a great spot for business or pleasure meals. Love!
3	I was excited to check out E&R for the first time. I read excellent reviews, which we found be be partially true the night we went for dinner. They do not take reservations so the wait was an hour and a half.  Our server was very friendly and helpful. We let her order our meal. We has a little of everything. The owner Sam was expediting dishes and the food came up pretty fast.  The negatives were it was extremely noisy. My steak was a little over cooked. We ordered wine and it was  served in the cheap small glasses vs the larger wine glasses that they use when ordering full bottles. I asked for a new glass and was accommodated quickly.  They haven't been open long and are still getting some of the bugs out. I will be returning as we really did enjoy our meal
5	Visited Las Vegas and I didn't want the buffet style food, I found the perfect spot! This place has great food, great service and reasonable prices, the steaks were big n juicy and the sides were tasty....not sure how they prepare their cauliflower but it was the best tasting cauliflower I have ever ate!
1	Horrible Service rude staff, doesnt take reservations, owner Michael has been seen disrespecting customers.  Food is marginal at best.  This place wont last long, too bad.
1	I have visited E&R several times since its opening.  I was impressed by the GM, Pallava, as he took the criticism I had to offer in a positive light.  Food was never really outstanding, nor the service.  Quality of meat in the butcher shop, was wonderful.  My biggest disappointment was from the owner, Michael, who was not happy with the input I had to offer.  He then asked me to leave.  A couple, who I've known for many years,  attempted to try E&R for the first time. They asked Michael how long the wait was to be seated.  He then responded that if they didn't want to wait, to go elsewhere.  I am mortified by the disrespect this "owner" treats his clientele.
1	I tried Echo & Rig 3 times. I will never go back. Lunch food is so so and dinner is better at other Summerlin restaurants. Steaks are sometimes 4 star but skip the dry crab cakes. Since they don't take reservations be prepared to be insulted as I heard one of the owners, Michael, tell a couple you can leave if you don't want to wait 45 minutes. The previous time there I overheard him chastise a lady with her friends she could leave after she paid her bill because someone told him, she was unhappy with the service. She got her salad during her companions dinner and received her appetizer after the salad. What has happened to keeping your customers happy? Be sure to keep away from the host, Pavlav. He is too busy to help you since he is too busy chasing the girls in tight dresses. Not professional front of the house people. Food is nothing special. Sam has a lot of kinks to work out.
1	I am curious know of how much they have paid for PR.,,. From my experience, along with others, nothing there has been quality. Staff has been extremely under trained.  I have seen the right ups in the paper along with reviews and wonder how such accommodations have been acquired.  This is not a restaurant that will last in the "Suburbia" of Las Vegas...
5	Amazing. The food was fantastic. The portobello fries were so good just order an extra aioli. Get the spencer cut. It's kind of like a fillet and ribeye mix, but don't be crazy, you have to order it medium rare. The horseradish cream sauce and the charred onion sauce were bomb too. The mac and cheese was pretty good and the cauliflower also. Just watch out for the little brown chunks in the cauliflower because it's brown sugar. Beer is draught or can which is fine because they have a good draught selection. The only complaint I have is that the bar is downstairs and the restaurant is upstairs which means the wait staff takes a while to bring you a drink. Downstairs is a butcher shop and a little sandwich stand. Both are pretty cool. The butchers seemed pretty knowledgeable and personable and the prices weren't horrible either. Probably cheaper than whole foods. The hostess was very nice and respectful and fun to chat with. All in all this place is most likely my favorite steak joint and will recommend it to all of my friends. Keep up the good work!!!
2	The portobello fries are incredible!Service is lacking. Ordered two appetizers to start and never got asked if I wanted anything else. Was there for over an hour and a half.My glass sat empty for about 15mins while sitting in the bar area with 4+ bartenders behind the counter.Probably won't be back in a hurry. Too many restaurants to enjoy in Vegas.
2	I don't understand why other people's reviews before the one I'm about to write had so many legitimate complaints, but still gave this place 4stars (too generous).  We went there for dinner a few nights ago and thought the service was a bit disjointed and the steaks were so so.  Service got off to a very slow start. After they finally brought over some bread, they forgot the butter/oil & vinegar.  By the time they came back with the butter we then needed more bread.  I had the spencer steak which was cooked okay but not very tasty.  Place has potential, but also has some kinks to get worked out.
2	Great premise, beautiful concept but lacking in so many ways. The servers are woefully unprepared. Some of the food was excellent but several dishes spent too much time under the heat lamps turning med rare into med well. Needs work. Hope it lasts long enough to work out the kinks.
1	Too bad that I cannot give zero stars.... We had a party of 5, and waited for an hour before we can be seated... We then seated and waited for 15 minutes before our waiter to come and greet us... Also, we had no silverware settings on our table (given the fact that we requested that twice), and no olive oil and vinegar served with our bread (the bread was cold).... We then waited for another 30 minutes, and had no server returned for we asked for... We then decided to call the manager and complaint... She was really nice and trying to make up the bad service by providing us 2 appetizers.... At the end, the server kept reminding us that they gave us the appetizers for free TWICE... To be honest, I brought enough cash for food... Don't make me feel like I complaint because I need free food.... Our entire table left the restaurant feeling upset... Bad experience, and will never come back!!!!
5	The best restaurant to come along in quite some time. They don't take reservations, but it gave me time to go check out the specialty cocktail menu. For $8, these drinks are a preview of how reasonable the rest of the menu is. I tried the bourbon peach tree cocktail and it was heavy on the alcohol. Besides the bourbon, all you can taste is the mint. It was not well balanced, but for someone who likes their brown liquors, this is great. I still liked it. The Hot & Bothered was my favorite though. The mixture of spicy and sweet was phenomenal. The mango syrup was not too overbearing and the spice lingered on your lips. I sat in the lounge for 20 minutes before someone came to get my guest and I. We were taken upstairs to our table. Within minutes our server came by to introduce herself and I tried to get a few recommendations. With such a spectrum of items being suggested, it did not make it any easier. What we ended up deciding on was astounding. For starters, we got the "over the rainbow" salad and the bone marrow carne asada. Holy cow are they amazing. The best contrast of something healthy with a heart stopping appetizer. The mixture of grains with corn and veggies had me shoveling it down. The fatty goodness of the bone marrow had me wanting more. A squeeze of orange cuts the fat. As our protein, we went with the Spencer steak. $25 for a ten ounce steak with housemade chips and a mushroom rockefeller. What a deal! When we got it, it was cooked to a perfect medium rare. With that, you get a choice of sauce. Initially, we ordered the green peppercorn thinking it would pack some bold heat. It is more creamy and possessed little flavor. Afterwards, we asked for the chimichurri and that was much better. The capers in it had me scooping it up. Adding the crispy cauliflower tossed with chili de arbol and portabello fries was more than enough for two. If I had to choose between the two again, I'd go with the former. The sweet and spice of the florets had me wanting to plan another visit. The meatiness of the fries were good, but the aioli was what made them. We were dipping anything we could get our hands on in it. I was ready to tap out, but Sarah Marie wanted to see the dessert menu. They don't have one, but our server broke down all of their desserts for us. They only have sundaes. I was a littl surprised by that, but I am a huge ice cream fan. We ended up with the salted turtle sundae. The roasted peanuts, toffee pieces, salted caramel, chocolate sauce, and salted caramel ice cream was to die for. We were filled to the brim, but that sundae did not go to waste. All in all, it was the best dining experience I could have asked for. We ended up hanging out there for quite some time. Their timing was perfect. I didn't even realize that we had a three hour dining experience because they always had something in front of us and the pace was so controlled.
4	Probably would have been five stars, but when we arrived shortly after the opening time of eleven a.m. on a Saturday morning, there was no one to seat us.  My wife and I just stood the looking around the empty room waiting for some assistance, while a small staff meeting congregated on the other side of the room.  Not one one person acknowledged us with a "we'll be with you in just a minute" or any other indication that we even existed.  We turned to leave, and just as we did someone who appeared to be a manager or owner very apologetically and courteously showed us to a table, and from there on the experience was great.Love the menu selection...some good small plate selection...interesting without getting overly cute.  The marrow bone carne asada is an excellent example of that (although a couple more pieces of toast would have been helpful).  Also tried some ravioli in hazelnut brown butter and fried sage.  This is a favorite of ours, and Echo's version definitely measures up.  Our server, Anna,, was very helpful and attentive without being overbearing.  and the wine list is very accessible and affordable while still offering some really nice wines (Four Graces is always a plus).  When we chose a wine that they were out of, they brought us two or three bottleas as alternatives and offered them at the same price...We're looking forward to return trips, and to the brunch menu they'll soon be offering.  I was told that the owners are also the owners of Bottega Louie in L.A....and excellent spot downtown that I had experienced before.  I wold strongly recommend Echo and Rig to anyone.
4	Food was very good. Grilled octopus and the portabello fries were the best. All steak temps right on. Only complaint was the service was a little lacking. Need to retrain some of the front of housers and u will get 5 stars
4	Adorable restaurant. Clean, pretty, and has amazing staff. The food was delicious too. The steak was solid, but the garlic mashed potatoes and the turtle sundae were awesome.
4	The wife and I visited for the first time yesterday.  Though a little pricey when you include a glass of wine for lunch, everything we had was very tasty.  We opted to try tapas sized small plates.  ( portabella fries, pork belly aand grits, oyster sliders and care Assad marrow). Next time we will take advantage of the no corkage fees for wine you bring in, along with an entree. The service was quick and handled very prifessionally.  Our waiter, Toby, was very pleasant and friendly.  We will ask for him next time.  Overall very nice meal.
2	So sad that we had an awful experience. I am giving 2 stars because the menu is wonderful, prices seem fair but we never got our food! We were bombarded with people the minute we walked in and had a hard time finding a nice atmosphere due to the blinding lighting (it was 7 pm) and it looked like broad daylight. We got our starter within 10 minutes but after 45 minutes and watching other, newer bar mates receive their food we asked about ours.The bartender said "do you want me to check on it?"... That should have been the first warning. He came back and waited  on other guests and we finally got his attention to ask if he found out about our food and he said yes, 10 more minutes, when we said it it had a long time so he said the kitchen was backed up ( there were 2 others at the bar and 2 other 2 tops in site). We then waited more than 10 with no word or apology so we asked for the check (twice). We couldn't pay until the bartender got his manager and he came over saying our food was coming but we were literally trying to leave at this point. I am most sad that I wanted so badly to eat here, the food looked great and other than the horrible lighting in an otherwise nice atmosphere the restaurant was just a compete miss, we won't be back and really hope they can get it together so others can enjoy a potentially great restaurant. Shame, shame. Summerlin needs a good restaurant that can stick around. Unfortunately, I don't think they can cut the mustard. This is bad for all of us.
3	3.5 ish I'm not really sure what happened here. I LOVED the beef jerky from the butcher shop so much I decided to eat lunch here. Got the rib eye, portobello mushroom fries and egg with grilled tomato and the hot and bothered cocktail. The rib eye was ok, really just ok, not fab which was not what I was expecting. The portobello fries where kinda awesome but way to salty, the tomato was ok. The fried egg was ok. The cocktail was supposed to be bourbon based but it was so mildly burbony it mostly tasted of the avave syrup. So ya that's it the whole meal was ok.I'm pretty sure they have amazing food hiding in there somewhere but unfortunately I just got teased. Would I go back and try again, u betcha.
1	How can you have a world class butcher shop with dry aged beef downstairs, and not serve any dry aged meats on the menu!!!!!
4	wait was longer than I would prefer, but then again it was a Saturday night. like everyone else said... portobello mushrooms were yum x10! tri tip was delicious. very friendly staff although the bus boy did spill sauce on my purse while clearing the table. a little annoyed but.... accidents happen?
5	If things couldn't get any tastier at my favorite restaurant in Vegas--Echo & Rig--they did.  Brunch has begun as of October 5th and offerings such as blueberry pancakes, short rib hash, and an All-American breakfast keep things simple.  Echo & Rig keeps the menu succinct so guests can determine what to eat without the hassle of running through five pages of options.  Each dish has explosive flavor, is presented beautifully, and with perfect portion sizes no one leaves hungry.  Side orders of toast, bacon, and eggs are available as well.I found that drinking a nice martini with my meal out on their gorgeous patio made Saturday brunch even better.  We went through half of the cocktail menu, starting with a Kentucky Peachtree and a French Kiss.Both drinks were a perfect start to the meal.  When the food arrived we were excited.  I ordered blueberry pancakes with orange-infused syrup.These pancakes are like pillows wrapping blueberries within each one ever so gently.  I used the whipped butter and syrup on top, taking my time to each all four pancakes.  With a cocktail on the side, it was a perfect meal. My husband had their special short rib has with poached eggs topped with a southwestern sauce.The short ribs were shredded and tossed with the hash.  Once he broke into the perfectly poached eggs and stirred it around, the flavors and textures were too good to be true.  He had to give our server a high five for this suggestion.  When he finished, the entire bowl was empty and he came very close to picking it up in public to lick it.We ended with one last cocktail for dessert--the strawberry bliss--then headed out to the farmers market to pick up some fruits and vegetables.  Overall, brunch at Echo & Rig is a winner, one that I hope to frequent every weekend.  With brunch starting at 9am sharp through 3pm, you can still sleep in from Friday night's party and make it on time to have some hash or pancakes with a cocktail or two.  This is a must on anyone's breakfast list.  With their special portobello fries available on their brunch menu, salads, soups, and other dishes, you can still have your favorite small plates before 11am.  Set that alarm, get up at 9am, and grab a table on the patio at Echo & Rig this weekend.  Ask for Nan.  She's one of the best servers there.Happy eating.
5	Very good quality of the cuts of steak here. Price was cheaper than expected for a steak house. Will definitely come back again. Oh and the most important thing to put......The food was excellent and very tasty!
4	Started off with the bone marrow Carne asada and the mac and cheese.  -Bone Marrow Carne Asada was very delicious just wished there was more of it by the time i finished it.-Mac and Cheese was very good and creamy. The macaroni was cooked perfectly and had just enough chew to it.Then i ordered the Buthers cut Ribeye with Bearnaise sauce-I ordered it mid rare and it was closer to rare than it was to mid rare.  Didnt want to send it back as I still enjoy rare steaks.-Bearnaise sauce was good, nothing to write home about but good.My partner in crime K.O. had the Hawaiian cowboy which tasted more like korean style marinate for kalbi than Hawaiian flavoring. Wish it wasnt written as a Hawaiian cowboy as it was very misleading.Ambience was good and it looking at all the butchered meat while waiting for a table gave me something to do.  They also dont try to upsell you on bottled water and have their own state of the art filtration system and offer flat or sparkling water.Definitely worth a visit, oh and the restrooms was really nice.
5	I have been to Echo and Rig a few times always eating at the bar. This restaurant has quickly become my home away from home. The prices are very reasonable for the quality that you receive. I was dismayed to see many reviews that had to do with the window display of meat, rather than with the quality of food. For the uninitiated, this is a very eclectic steak house that features aged meats. One night when walking in, I noticed a pigs head in the window, which I think angered some of the non meat-eaters who commented on this site. Why pan a restaurant you haven't eaten in because you don't like their display? Tonight I had the New York Strip with the green peppercorn. It was not only one of the best NY strips I have ever had, it was only $34.40!  Where else in Vegas can you get that? The bartenders are all great to talk to and enjoy lively conversation. One of my favs is Jeff who has a lot of stories, a quick wit and a lot of fun to hang with. I highly recommend.
1	The ambiance is lovely and many of the dishes above average but the service was so terrible, it can guarantee you'll have a bad night ....so why bother?Everything started off fine even though the wait for a table ended up not being the '10 minutes" they promised but well over 30 minutes. They sit you down and get your order and everything seems fine. And then you wait.Over 45 minutes later, without a peep from our waitress to check in and let us know what is going, then dump food on our table. I say "dump" because we had ordered several courses - soups, salad and main dishes and side dishes andmost of it came out at once...other than the soup and a veggie dish, which we then had to wait another 15 minutes for.  How the heck does the soup come out last?! The worst part about it is that most of the dishes were cold. Rather than serving us dishes as they were ready, it was obvious they waited or forgot about our order for a very long time.We mentioned our frustration to the waitress in a nice way and she said the kitchen was backed up. Then management pops up while we are still waiting for some of our food and asking how is everything.  We mention having some issues with the wait and he makes a snarky comment rather than apologizing or trying to make things a bit better. We weren't at all rude but he handled it all very badly. I think the popularity of the restaurant has made management think that it's ok to treat people badly and that they can afford to lose a few customers. I was appalled and will never go back.It was one of the worst evenings we've had in a long time. We can't suggest anything other than just avoid the place until they work out the service kinks unless you are in the mood to take the risk of really bad and rude service.
2	With all of the hype and the paid advertisement in Urban Daddy, I thought I might make the trek off the strip to Echo and Rig.  It was advertised as butcher shop where you can pick your meat and they will cook it for you.  All the meats are grass fed and come from California.  Upon walking in, you see the butchers in action slicing meats, making sausages, and grinding beef for meatballs and hamburgers.They don't take reservations, so expect to wait a little bit before getting a table.  The good thing is that they have a bar with 3-4 bartenders slinging up craft cocktails and making a great impression.  The bartender even gave us some complimentary shots of jalapeno infused tequila which seemed to improve our moods.  The drinks were $8, which is reasonable compared to $15-$18 drinks on the strip, so that worked well for us.  After a 15 minute wait, we got a table and a great personable server.  They presented us with the selections of meats on a platter, which were supposedly steaks for 2 people.  I could have easily eaten their NY Strip which was 24 ounces and sold by the ounce ($2.29/ounce).  So yea, it would have been a $50+ steak. We opted for for the hangar steak with chimichurri ($22.5) and the Ribeye ($34.50) along with a couple of appetizers of Portobello Fries and a Charcuterie platter with assorted meats.  The portobello fries were delicious and the charcuterie platter was a very good.  Then the main course came.My Ribeye was about 10 ounces for $34 and was MAYBE 3/4 inch thick.  It was well cooked, but one of the worst ribeyes that I have eaten in a long time.  I get better meat at Sam's club.  The Hangar steak was charred on the outside and chewy as all hell. The portion size of the Hangar steak was probably about 5-6 ounces and even though it is probably the correct amount of food per dietary guidelines as a serving, it was small and we did not leave feeling full, but left with a bill of over $150.I would try it again, but I wouldn't go back for dinner.  Maybe their sandwiches and lunch selections will be a bit better.
4	After seeing this place in the Las Vegas Weekly, i took K.L. there for a "thank you" dinner.While the menu for the entree was pretty simple, there were sooo many choices for side orders! After scrolling through some yelp photos, we finally decided on the Mac & Cheese and Bone MarrowThe Mac and Cheese was creamy, cheesy, and delicious! I was actually impressed on how good this simple dish was.We also ordered the Bone Marrow. YUM!!! Next time, i'll need to order 5 of these!!!I ordered the Skirt Steak Hawaiian Cowboy for the main course, which tasted just like Korean Galbi! If you like the marinated meats in Korean BBQ, this is the steak for you. I ended up just taking my dinner to-go since i needed some rice, kim-chee, & sriracha with my korean bbq flavored steak.For dessert, we had the Turtle Sundae. Sooo good! Definitely made up for my disappointing dinner choice!
5	First I want to say that anyone who gave this place a bad review is full of crap. I can see this becoming my favorite restaurant of all time. The ambiance on the patio was spectacular. Our server was so very nice. The food was unbelievably perfect. Portions were big so we brought enough home for a second meal. I cannot wait to go back again.
5	Started off with their house Cabernet Sauvignon which was on the house because of a slight wait. I totally expected a wait but what a pleasant surprise to be offered a glass of wine!Dinner started off with meatballs as well as fried chicken. The meatballs were amazing! They are flavored just right and really moist. I ordered a glass of the Educated Guess Cabernet Sauvignon which is so smooth and went beautifully with dinner.We split the 24oz porter house steak. The steak was so delicious. To use the sauces would do an injustice to the perfectly cooked cut of meat!They don't have a dessert menu which was a little disappointing. I'm not really an ice cream person and they serve a variety of sundaes. The service is probably the best I have had in Vegas. The waiters are very attentive and helpful.The prices are very reasonable. I also love that they offer half glasses of wine so I can make my own little flight!
4	I want to give 4 1/2 stars but I can't.  I really like this place and am adding it to my rotation of places good enough to go back that fit my budget.Echo & Rig is a butcher shop/restaurant.  Just walking past the window into the butcher area made me salivate, craving a good steak.We entered and were greeted by the butcher, the manager (maybe even an owner?) and several other employees.  The hostess was very friendly and one of the chefs brought us a prosciutto appetizer with a little pork belly slider while we waited. (this does not seem like a typical thing so don't expect it.)  There is a small bar that was crowded for a Thursday and a small appetizer bar that served the charcuterie plate, sausage plate and a few other items.We were seated upstairs where our waiter Brian explained the menu to us.  The menu consists of small plates (appetizers or sides or combine a few to make a meal) and steaks.  Unlike the traditional steak restaurants that focus on NY and Ribeye and Filet, Echo has a wide selection of variety steaks like Spencer Steak (essentially a boneless Ribeye without the cap), Ribeye Cap, Hanger, Flatiron and more.  You can also get the traditional steaks.  I enjoy the pick your own sauce option and was extremely glad when the sauce came as a side so I could decide how much to put on.I asked for the flatiron steak medium rare.  The service took a long time and in afterthought, I would have them bring the portobello fries (portobello mushroom, lightly breaded and fried with an amazing aioli.) as an appetizer so we didn't feel like the wait was long.  Brian was very attentive in an old school waiter type way, remembering my name, ushering me to the restroom when I had to go, and making sure our water was filled.Sparkling and flat water are available gratis (FREE).One of the best parts of this place is the price - portion ratio.  The Flat Iron Steak runs at $17.00 and is a 7 oz portion. (Note, they can make a Ribeye as large as 64 oz if you really must eat that much).  One of my biggest complaints about the traditional steakhouses is the steaks are usually 12-16 oz.  I almost never finish them and I cannot think of anything else that is so easily ruined by overnight refrigeration and reheating than a good medium rare steak.   Here, the 7 oz was just enough to fill my tummy and not make me feel overstuffed.We also loved the Asparagus and fried egg appetizer and the Spencer Steak.So why not 5 stars you ask?  1) Presentation was boring. Essentially steak on a plate surrounded by some potato chips. I don't need fancy but there was a pile of chips on the left side of my plate, the steak in the center and about 1/3 the plate empty on the right. and 2) the service time was long as the place did not seem very crowded.Some other interesting facts about Echo & Rig are 1) you can bring your own wine with NO CORKAGE FEE!!!! and 2) they make their own ribeye jerky.  Even their glass prices for wine are reasonable.Enjoy!
5	My favorite new-school steakhouse in town!More details at 11...
5	My son recommended this restaurant .. And we truly enjoyed the food and  I ordered the Hanger Steak paired with spinach,mac and cheese ,a salad that of heirloom tomatoes,watermelon,red onion,cucumbers and light vinaigrette  dressing. There were 4 of us and only great comments were heard. The flow was of business was steady,the restaurant upstairs was very comfortable and sparkling clean,the bar downstairs was welcoming and cozy and the butcher shop was a learning experience as the employees were quite knowledgeable and answered any questions asked ,it was fun to just watch and listen ! I have to say that our server Jackson was extremely kind,patient and again very knowledgeable .. The staff was very accommodating from the moment we arrived as I am using crutches to get around and that made me feel special .. Again very kind and considerable staff !  The whole experience was worth every $ and it was not much for our party of 4 !!
5	Excellent all the way around.  Food and service was over and above.  Server Lucas was funny and attentive.   Great place to eat out here in Summerlin...not many restaurants that I would post for in summerlin
1	I've been wanting to try this place for a month now. I saw a lot of great reviews in both facebook and yelp. I looked over the menu about 5 times. We finally went to eat there tonight since we got a sitter. The place looked amazing. The hostess takes you passed the butcher area up the stairs to the restaurant. When we got there she sat us in the corner which I thought was nice since I was on a date with my wife. We were greeted right away by someone offering us our choice of sparkling or still water. After that it went down hill. The server took about 15 minutes to come over to even talk to us. Then he gave me a hard time when I asked about the menu. He said he was going to get us bread and would be right back. He didn't show up until after our small plate of garlic shrimp showed up...which by the way is not what it sounds like. It's shrimp chunks and a crouton. Then he disappeared for another 20 minutes until they were serving the steaks. When dropping the entree off he asked if we would like anything else. I asked for the drink menu... He forgot the menu.  Then he didn't show up until we were almost done with our food and I asked again. He leaves right away and comes back. I ordered a beer and it didn't come until we were done. Then we realized he never brought the Mac and cheese we ordered that we saw such great reviews about. He did at least apologize and told is he failed us. The only saving grace was how perfectly cooked the steak was. Also the mushroom stuffed with bacon and garlic chips were good. The chimichurri was straight up oil... But the horseradish sauce was delicious. I wish this experience would of been better, the location and potential for this place is great. I honestly would give this a worse review based on the service if I didn't like the steak so much.
5	We had a Sunday brunch here and it was terrific.  I would caution only about the stairs, as they are very tall. There is an elevator, so if you have your high, high heels on be warned. The hostess did not offer us any options, which got us off to a pretty poor start.  After being seated it all went Fabulous!!  The dishes are very tasty and flavorful. Organic Grass Fee Beef was very good. They have butchers on the premises and offer great quality meats.  Ground beef was on special for $1.99 Per Pound.  What a great price!  Be ready to try new things:)
5	I walked in expecting to pay a lot for my lunch. I was wrong. there is no separate lunch and dinner menu. everything is very reasonably priced and well-portioned. I ordered the fried spinach salad with chili lime vinaigrette, Portobello fries, and the butterfish. the spinach salad was such a delightful combination of flavors and textures. he Portobello fries were amazing! the butterfish was the highlight of the day. So moist, so tender, so much flavor! I can't wait to go back and try everything!
5	Awesome!  We were looking for a spot close to our hotel, and this one came up on Yelp.  The staff was great, the steaks were delicious and prepared perfectly, the salads and sides were delicious.  The only issue we had was, while waiting for a table, the bar staff was struggling to keep up and we got our cocktails 14:59 minutes into a 15 minute wail for a table.  Talking to some of the other staff, we found out that one of the bartenders was "the new girl" they were trying to train.  Other than that, the experience was perfect and one of the best dining experiences I have ever had.
5	This is by far the BEST Food and Service in Las Vegas hands down.  Thank You to everybody involved in making my experience the BEST.
4	Echo & Rig... First of all, it has a cool name. I admit, this is one of the first reasons I was interested. Tonight is the second time I've dined here, and the food was just as delicious as the first time!!! One of the best things about the place, besides the food, is the no-corkage policy... What?! Craziness that I will continue to take advantage of (just make sure you are proper about it and offer your server a taste). The staff is great as well. Ramon was our server the first time around; we weren't seated in his area tonight, but he recognized us and came to say hello anyway and still managed to sneak in some extra service for us. Even if the food was mediocre, I would still come just for Ramon!!! Why only 4 stars?? Well, I've been witness to just a few minor hiccups, which I'm sure will iron themselves out soon... Really rooting for this place and hoping I can update to 5-stars soon!!
4	It was yelp family night checking out new spot although for Suzy H already been but thankfully had someone too guide us. Mahalos! The best thing about eating with yelpers is its buffet of food samples on table. Yay!! Between the four of us ordered bunch of apps too start just about ran out of room for my pasta course. It would take too long too mention all the apps but the bone marrow app was amazing (loved the fact something that hardly see on any restaurants menu, the bone marrow cooked perfection spread it like butter on the bread came with or straight up bone marrow heaven on spoon), oyster slider (mini po boy), portabello fries (truly all its HYPED too be! It nice crispy on the outside and the aioli comes with its tasty more so order more till the last fries), mac and cheese (another solid solid dish), and forgot order bunch more stuff. Those things stood for me. My entree order the bolognese. Honest all the things I tried it was average. I know asked for it not getting STEAK the thing most known or trademark dish. I not in steak mood. The process if you where too order one is pretty interesting. They literally show you the cut of meat that going too cook for you on really nice sliver platter and ALSO literally butchered that day or hell if I know maybe that minute. In the front of the restaurant they have open butcher shop that can see all the cuts of meat. One of the things known for is fact they get in whole carcass and break everything down. No joke it comes too getting fresh cut of meat here at Echo and RIg. Maybe the next time I come in will get my steak onnnn.The service was good. Although sharing long family style table with another group of four seem odd too me. The hostess told us before and had no problems with the idea. Not sure great way too get repeat customers knowing another party literally on the same table. They had our servers all out of whack thinking which side of the community table does this go too.It interesting that the restaurant is upstairs but yet the bar is located downstairs/butcher shop. I love the fact they have little patio area on the first floor and second floor. It great place too people walking around trivolli village. It pricey but could be lot worst if you went steakhouse on the strip. If looking for high end steakhouse not on the strip Echo & Rig is awesome spot! Now only if I could afford too eat like this everyday. Dam it.
4	Itty Bitty Echo & Rig Review:- Primarily a steakhouse, but I loved the small plates and vegetables.- Our party of four shared: Mac & cheese, Over the Rainbow salad, Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes & Sharp White Cheddar, Pumpkin Squash, Rosemary & Brown Sugar, Portobello Fries with Herb Aioli, Bone Marrow Carne Asada, Fried Oyster sliders, Butternut & Burrata Ravioli- Food is delicious, but it takes a LONG time to get to the table. You should probably have a snack before you come or you'll be really hangry waiting for your food.- We saw Siegfried (without Roy) there.- The mac & cheese is the best I've had in a long time. Never had portobello anything, but the fries have opened my eyes--great dipping sauce.  The pumpkin squash is fabulous.  The garlic mashed potatoes are nothing special--you can skip them.- We will be back.
4	Great steakhouse !  Very unpretentious, but high quality.  I loved the warm welcome, friendly and knowledgeable service and great food.  Had steak tartar, bone marrow carne asada and a hangar steak.  Wine list is very affordable.  Would definitely come back when in Vegas.Great show case of butchery and meat in the display windows.  This should be a home run.
4	Well I finally tried eating here.  Fantastic steak, unique side dishes and a very good simple wine selection.  Very reasonable prices too.  No reservations here so be patient for dinner - gets crowded.  Try the portobello fries or the grilled octopus side dish - fantastic.
4	I was very happy with my experience here and will be going back.  There is something I have found at so many restaurants - for all the cooks that know how to prepare steak or chicken well, many don't know how to bring out the best in vegetables.  So, I was very happy to find the best dishes I sampled here were from their small plates selection - cauliflower browned with chili and crispy shallots and the portobello fries.  Both were fantastic.  The wine list gets a gold star for some very reasonable prices both for bottles and by the glass.Our server was painfully new and slightly awkward, but his heart was in the right place, so any missteps were forgiven. A missed order was quickly corrected and comped, though I thought that was unnecessary, they were obviously aiming for good customer service, which is more than I have experienced at some of the other restaurants in that immediate area (that includes you Honey&Salt, ahem).For my main course, I had the rib eye cap at a truly reasonable $22.50.  It was served with garlic chips and a stuffed mushroom.  My steak was good and cooked exactly right.  It came with one complimentary sauce - I chose chimichurri.  I had mixed feelings about part of this: I tried both the chimichurri and the horseradish sauce and they were equally bland.  I also didn't really enjoy the chips or mushroom much, but considering that most steak places no longer give you anything with  your steak - any sides are usually $7 or more, I thought it was nice to have something with it.I finished off with a turtle sundae and left happy.  All that food for $50 per person (before tip) = happy diner.
5	great service, great food, great atmosphere
5	Had dinner at Echo & Rig last night and I have to say it was a lovely experience.  The staff was very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive.  Atmosphere was classy without being pretentious.  It was busy but not overcrowded.  All of that was great but the real show stopper was the food!  I had the Spencer steak with a side of the Black Tuscan Kale.  I'm generally picky about my steaks.  I want them to be flavorful and tender but I hate big chunks of fat.  This steak was PERFECT!  It was juicy, tender and delicious (no easy task considering I ordered it well done).  It came with a stuffed mushroom on the side that was very tasty and some chips that were done just right.  My side of kale was very good as well although I was too full to eat much of it.  Overall it was a great meal and I can't wait to go back.
4	First impression walking in, "I kinda feel like I'm in a big city restaurant like Chicago!" We walked up to what looked like to be the butcher shop and put our name down and the gal said it was going to be an hour wait, makes sense considering it's a Saturday night. So we parked our behinds at the bar downstairs. So, I have to mention this bc I felt a little awkward about it... There doesn't seem to be a dress code, but the majority of the people at this restaurant were little dressed up... I came in jeans, t-shirt, flats. Seemed like every female was in a dress and heels... Just had to put that out there bc I felt SUPER underdressed, but whatevs ;)I wasn't really hungry but I had to try everything considering that the reviews on this place have been pretty good. Once our name was called, the hostess took us upstairs to the dining room.The Eats: portobello fries, steak (can't remember what kind) and a few cocktails. I'm more of a side eater than I am main course, so my fav part was the portobello fries. When people say "bomb dot com", yea, that!Being the restroom snob that I am, I have to say that their restrooms are big, clean and comfy! Good job!This place is great for a date night, drinks and there were a few big groups so from what I could tell, they can comfortably accommodate larger groups.
4	Echo & Rig got some love early from Yelpers.  Echo & Rig is a new steakhouse located in Tivoli Village.  Echo & Rig is one of those restaurants that is very welcoming.  What I mean by this is that it's wide open when you enter It's also spacious, clean, and your treated with smiles/greets.  But then there's a wait just to be seated and for them to take your order.  It was roughly 50 minutes between waiting for a table and taking our orders.  Another issue...we were a party of 4 and had to share the rest of our table with another party of 4.  We were asked if we were okay with it and we were...only because we didn't want to wait much longer. Enough said...Yes, there's a wait for a weekday night.  Our group ordered a mix of food.  -Mac & Cheese:  Pretty good stuff. Got the light creamy, cheesy mac here.  Love the thick macaroni too. -Butternut Ravioli:  Buttery good-Garlic Mashed Potato:  Yikes...not the best.-Pumpkin Squash:  Amazing!-Portabello Fries:  This was a good highlight for me.  Mushroom fries?  Yes sir!-Bone Marrow:  I didn't try. So, I can't judge-Fried Oyster Sliders:  My opinion, not a good mix.  I like oysters. I like sliders. But oysters and sliders together?  This just didn't mix well for me.  Slimy and greasy all in one bite. -"Over the Rainbow" Salad: I'm not a salad lover, but couldn't help myself with their "Over the Rainbow".  Tasty and they even added quinoa. What is it? It's Queen-No. Now for my main entree. I originally wanted to try their Spencer Steak, but was talked into the filet mignon.  Our waiter suggested the filet since it's supposedly their best cut and best tasting steak.  Honestly, I was not impressed with the filet at all.  I regret that I didn't ask them in advance how juicy a medium and how dry a medium-well was.  I usually get my steaks medium-well.  What I got was a filet mignon that was well-done at the top and medium on the inside.  I guess that's what Echo & Rig considers medium-well. I wasn't impressed, but the price was super cheap for a filet mignon. I guess I can't complain either.  You get what you pay for. Filet Mignon:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=R12LqBIuxMU5OHwdkIbG3A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQSampling:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ecUEKvNTzxaQ2p7f7FhUOw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQA Must:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=o_qfuP0kwGtdGUce-WzVLA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQOverall, I was very excited to try this place out due to the reviews, location, and it's steak.  I left with mixed reviews.  Long waits, average steak, but cheap with delicious appetizers. You win some, you lose some. I broke even.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (469/500)
2	I was very excited for the opening of Echo & Rig since I tend to dine at the same restaurants in Summerlin. Overall the food was hit or miss, but the service definitely was sub par. I understand they are new, but there are certain things that are not forgiveable. We were at the bar for drinks while waiting for our table. We first ordered up at the bar, but then found a table to sit at. After we finished our drinks, multiple bartenders and bar servers walked by without any acknowledgement. We would've easily ordered another round or two of drinks. I suppose I could've flagged someone down, but being in the hospitality industry I think the staff should be paying attention to their tables and empty glasses so the guest doesn't have to go out of their way to receive service.
5	We've heard a lot of great things about this restaurant and read the positive reviews.  Another good dining option in our neighborhood?  Awesome!We walked in and were greeted by a friendly staff.  Behind the hostess stand we saw several butchers working on a hind quarter of a cow.  Wow!!  What a great visual for a steakhouse!!We sat upstairs in the patio overlooking Tilvoli Square and it was impressive... But would the food live up to the hype??We started with the charcuterie plate, beef tartare, and bone marrow carne asade and they were all excellent.  Some of our kids ordered the BLT and they loved it.  The adults ordered several different cuts of steak and it was all very well done.  The spencer cut was especially delicious.  We ordered the portebollo fries, fried peas, and brussel sprouts for sides and again...all were delicious.  What an outstanding addition to the neighborhood.  We will be back and we will most definitely recommend to all our friends!!
1	We went with high expectations for a delicious meal.  The greeting was extremely friendly.  The hostess seated us promptly, followed quickly by the waiter who was warm and friendly.  The drinks arrived quickly, and our meals followed closely behind.   The steak I was served was flavorful, but rare as opposed to the medium I had requested.  I looked for our waiter who was nowhere to be seen.  I asked another waiter if he could find ours, to no avail.  I asked once again with no results.  Finally, I spied the Manager and motioned him over explaining that my steak was not prepared as requested.  By this time, my dining companions were almost finished.  What could have been easily fixed had our waiter bothered to check and make sure everything was okay, had spiraled into a far less than acceptable dining experience.  It wasn't even a result of the restaurant being busy as it was only 4:30pm and very quiet.After we left, my Mother said that her filet was overdone and dry.  Wish I had known that before we left.  So half of our four entrees were prepared improperly.  Hardly the basis for a glowing recommendation.
5	Had an excellent time.Portions are more "reasonable" and prices match. What I mean is if you finish your entree you will be appropriately full. No left overs.Went for my fathers birthday and all of the servers and hostesses were informed and wishes him happy birthday. A very nice friendly touch. I was visiting from LA and I would definitely come back.
4	I would rate the food 3 stars while both the service and atmosphere score 5 stars.  The salads were excellent but the steak was just ok.  This is the only steak house I've ever been where I found the steak over-seasoned.  And I do typically like a lot of seasoning but this was just over the top.  Cool place though and I plan to try it one more time in case this was just an off night for the good cook.
5	In a followup report...Experts still agree...the team at Echo & Rig are fantastic...the food is impressive and the drinks are strong and smooth.More to come with News Team Yum at Brunch!
4	A new American diner serving up end comfort foods.We're talking salads with heirloom this, organic that, quality sandwiches with aioli, pesto.  No fries or steamed veggies.  Instead fried Portobellos, and roasted cauliflower.  Fried fish?  No. Wood roasted salmon, sea bass, cod, halibut.   Oh yeah, BUTCHER'S CUTS.Straight to it, Butcher's cuts are some of the most flavorful cuts of beef.  Tougher, less even marbling, strong mineral and beef flavor, uneven thickness, Never cooked above medium rare to the disdain of the have it your way folks.  Good offerings.  All fire grilled with a good sear and smoky bitterness that enhances its natural flavor.  They have been seasoned, rubbed, or marinated to mask some of the characteristics some find off-putting.  Request all cuts seasoned with simple salt if you want to do a natural tasting.The cuts from highest to lowest fat content and lowest to highest beefy flavor:  rib cap, skirt, tri tip, flat iron, and hanger.Traditional steak cuts of grass feed beer are also offered.  Well trimmed, grass fed flavor, decently tender but BORING compared to the butcher's cuts.Other mains just OK.  Fish is cooked at too high a temperature resulting in visible albumin and tougher flesh. "Small plates" (can be used as starters or sides) include a great dish of roasted heirloom carrots, seasoned roasted cauliflower with chili de Arbol, shallots and onions, and portabello fries with their meaty, mushroomy goodness in a crispy coating.  All perfect foils to any steak.  Short but very well chosen wine list.  Service befitting a diner; friendly with some lapses.  Great prices with mains priced less than $18 and Butcher's cuts less than $23.  Bottom line; all good!
5	Can't stop thinking about delicious meal we had there!  Five-star staff super friendly and knowledgeable.  First experience was a warm-from-the-oven croissant with thin sliced beef and a glass of wine (on 1st floor) on a Saturday afternoon.  Didn't even know yet that there was a restaurant upstairs!   Second visit was dinner for four (no reservations accepted so there about a 20 min wait on a Saturday night).   OMG!  Everything we ordered was terrific.  Absolutely loved the heirloom salad -- highly recommend.  Will definitely return!  (Agree with other post stating that people were dressed well :-)   Beautiful location, great ambiance, fantastic food, cheerful, friendly service.  A very fun evening!
4	Fine meat is worth paying for (and waiting for) and Echo & Rig serves up some quality meat! This place is right by my house and I intend to become a regular. The decor is fantastic, as is the service and the food quality. The place was packed and we had a 45 minute wait. It wound up being more like an hour, but it's close enough. We asked for bread because we were starving. We asked for bread 3 more times from 2 separate people and we finally got it. I gave them a pass because the servers were running their asses off. The service was so good that they even helped us play jokes on the table across from us that was having a family dinner. We may have happened to know the people at that table, so don't just try that on complete strangers. My first time here, I split a gigantic flinstones-esque tomahawk steak. They even bring out the steak and show it to you before taking it back to the kitchen to cook it. That was a nice touch. If you want bigger or smaller, you can let them know and they will accommodate. They warned us that the steaks take a while since they're so thick. We didn't mind, we finally had bread to snack on. It tasted fantastic, albeit cooked slightly less than we had ordered it. Every bite was incredible. Another awesome thing about Echo & Rig is that they sell raw steaks to go, and at pretty reasonable prices to boot. I need to stop in soon and pick some up to grill up at home. My only real knock is that this place doesn't take reservations. That's always a bummer. A reservation would have improved our experience by cutting down on the wait time tremendously. Oh well, can't win em all. If you are a carnivore and haven't tried Echo & Rig yet, you are overdue! Just make sure to give yourself time, you'll be doing a fair amount of waiting.
5	Echo and Rig is now THE best place in town for us. The Steak Tartare is not only wonderfully prepared, it is an excellent value.
3	Came here on a Tuesday night with a party of 6. We were warned that Tuesday was their busiest night but we didn't expect to wait for a table for over an hour. However, that gave us time to check out the butcher case and speak with one of the butchers, Kilan. He offered us a bite of some beef jerky they made the previous night, which was delicious. Also, the butcher working the cold meats section near the stairs took pity on us and offered a little appetizer which was also good.We finally got seated at our table. Unfortunately, it was right next to the kitchen and in a draft zone. Whenever someone opened the door to the patio, the cold air swept in. Again, manage my took pity on us and tried to warn their servers to close the door behind them. Sometimes they forgot so we had to get up ourselves to shut the door. We ordered the calamari and crab cakes for appetizers and they were both delicious. The aoli for the calamari was perfect. I had a couple of bites of my friend's over-the-rainbow salad and I wanted to order one for myself since it was so good. I ordered the skirt steak with a chimichurri sauce for my main course. My steak was cooked perfectly but was a bit on the salty side. I also ordered a side of roasted cauliflower which was fantastic. On the other hand, my boyfriend ordered the jumping beef which was apparently filet mignon with peppers and onions and a kind of light gravy. It came a little too well done when he had asked for it to be medium rare so he only ate a few bites. The coffee dessert was a nice ending to my meal and everyone else enjoyed their desserts. Service was great, everyone was exceptionally friendly. Food was ok/good with the exception of the well done beef, which was comped along with a few of the desserts. I would come back and give this place another try.
4	This is a beautifully decorated butcher shop and restaurant. They don't take reservation so be prepared for a little wait. After reviewing the menu, I was glad it was simple and did not offer too many items. You get to choose side dishes, salads, pasta and steak. For the visit, we ordered a kale salad, roasted  pumpkin squash and carrots, a chopped steak salad and the butcher's sausage. The pumpkin squash and carrots were amazing. Max said the steak salad was good and the sausage was the best sausage he has ever had in his life so if sausages are your thing then this item is a must try! I didn't like the kale salad. There was too much cheese and dressing which made the greens all soggy. I'm coming back here to try more side dishes!
5	Great place in the heart or summerlin...Meat display and helpful butchers to describe the meats... Staff and management always present to accommodate your needs,   And the food is amazing... Recommend to start with a charcuterie plater... Freshly carved...
5	Thx Anthony for such a great experience, ur stuff is great and very friendly;) tonight the Rib Eye was outstanding;) thx one more time!
5	I have never had better service in my life. One of the best meals I have ever had. The meat is ridiculous and so is every other dish served. Well done chef Sam Marvin!
5	Echo and Rig is truly a neighborhood gem. It's located inside tivoli village. I love the concept of this store (butcher shop and bar in downstairs and restaurant in second floor). I got the table at their patio on second floor with view of swan fountain of tivoli village. There are many options of appetizers on menu. I got to tried grilled octopus, Protebello fries, bone marrow asada, pumpkin. Ohhh, grilled octopus n bone marrow were great! I also tried their lamb chop, seabass, grilled chicken and salmon. They were all pretty decent! Price here is definitely off strip price! You can also bring your own wine to restaurant. They don't charge corkage fee here!
2	Over rated place took forever to get a seat and we don't want to wait and see meat downstairs service was to much wouldn't let us enjoy over our shoulder the whole time
5	I have to say this place is a winner, 5 star to me.  I love the little deli at the front with the free samples, and head cheese for sale.   Amazing!   The food was killer, I just had a simple steak salad for lunch on a business meeting and wow.  Stellar.   The patio upstairs outside overlooking Tivoli is sweet, prime location!   Food 5 star, service 5 star, with linens and very pro, decor, just right!   The bar downstairs looked very enticing as well.   I bet this place is packed on weekends, resos required, and bring a little cash, its reasonable but not spendy.   Get on this, its hot and tasty!
3	I rarely give a place 3 stars, but I think it deserves a 3.5 based on 1st experience. I came to Vegas for a mini vacation to hangout with some close friends & family, not really for the nightlife but more for hanging out and good company, so that being said they took me to this fancy restaurant. I've been to 5 star restaurants before with $50 plate menus, so not foreign to the type of environment. Right away we saw several snobbish people, usually "old money" material, heads turn as we walked. Just a few groups of snobs, not the whole restaurant, don't get me wrong. Fine establishment but we could sense the eyes glaring into the back of our heads with each step we took. It was ok for me though, always use to classism. We laughed about it. Same story different neighborhood.Ambiance: A little noisy but not bad at all. Very nice and fancy. They had the see through glass where you could see what the butchers were upto. The balcony over looked the mall and vallet service. Nice touch.Service. ***BEWARE***Sneaky. Well just our waiter, JASON, and his choice of vocab for the night "SEXY." He kept persuading us to buy the more expensive steak cuts, which were "SEXY" and more off of the menu the whole night. Just like a kiosk salesman who oversells a product. Our table found it very annoying. We asked the price per pound for the suggested meat and we asked for the lesser of the two. On the bill he gave us the more expensive cut, and we ordered two of those! It being $210 on the bill, basically half the bill. Wtf. It was good but he changed our order up, ordering the biggest of the two tomahawks. Before the steaks came out, he was like "I got you guys my favorite salad as you wait," we thought, oh what a good guy until we saw that he added it on the bill as well! We didn't order that sh*t! We didn't even know what it was to even order it! Ha.The service was split between a team. Jason and about 3 other people. The 3 others we saw the most and did all the work. When it came to paying our check we saw Jason again and he started to compliment one of our friends, shaking his hand, telling him "I see you a lot here and I got you guys next time...blah...blah...blah". This was actually our friends 2nd time here. So we paid the check, he thought we were gonna pay him a fat tip for the $350+ menu we racked up due to his "SEXY" waiter skills, NOPE! Out of all the places I've been to this was the most unprofessional I've seen due to him alone. He stood there hovering over us to see what we would tip him and then after signing and tipping he took our bills with the quickness. I remembered I was in mid sentence and then *SNATCH* the bill was in his hands. He crumbled the originals for the customers to keep then rudely said "I'm missing one." We told him we split it 3 ways and he left angry. Like he really deserved a fat tip. As we walked by him he didn't say good bye or anything but had the nerve to talk sh*t behind our backs to his coworker. Very "SEXY" of him. So one of my friends said, make sure he's on your YELP review. Got em!Food: Ok now let me talk about the food. Haha. Very delicious. Very fancy/gourmet. Presentation was excellent. We ordered Calamari, Crabcakes (which Jason hinted to us the whole time), Portabella French fries w/ aioli sauce, and bone marrow. Everything came out delicious. Our tomahawk steaks came out plate sized humongous. Ordered it in medium, it came sliced and detached from bone, which we devoured the meat on their too. We got 5 different dipping sauces which were unique and enjoyable. The meat was juicy and very pleasing. After a few bites we found it overwhelming and ended up taking the rest home. I'm Definitely coming back here every year, maybe check up on my favorite waiter. Ha. Service is one of the MOST biggest factors when it comes to trying out new places. It's all about the experience you share with good company. You only get one chance to make a good first impression! #SEXY***Start to look for fake accounts or friends of server popping up trying to hate on what I wrote about this place. This is basically my experience here, everyone has their own. PLUS, I guess since my other reviews consist of tattoo parlors and snack shacks then this review should be taken with a grain of salt. Ha! SIKE! According to MILEY P. (Fake Yelp Acct, but nice profile pic. Ha. Is it used to attract more yelpers to agree with your review?). The only review she got on her profile and it seems to go against everything I said. Yelper page Created in November of 2013 (the month I wrote the review) Interesting & very Fishy... Ha.
5	I am a new fan of Echo & Rig!I recently came here this past weekend to enjoy brunch with girlfriends. We sat outside on the balcony and very quickly ordered bottomless mimosas. For my "cheat" brunch I had the short rib hash. The entire dish was flavorful and very satisfying. I nearly cleared the plate but was just too full.Service was excellent, our two waiters were extremely attentive. They were very patient with us and allowed us to sit and visit (and continue to drink) long after our meals were finished.I definitely look forward to returning for dinner!
5	Had a great meal and service. Excellent quality, had the black speghetti with seafood. Really a cut above. My friend had the carne asada marrow dish, was awesome.
1	It is not good if I am taking the time to write a review, I will start with that...Had a scheduled work dinner on November 21, 2013, they don't take reservations but was told seating at 6 would not be a problem.  There was a 45 minute wait.  They offered to seat us outside in the cold, said there were heaters so we agreed.  Heaters did not work and come to find out another member in our party was told earlier that the patio was closed because it was too cold.  Finally were seated inside but during the process the GM told us we could go elsewhere if we chose.To the meal, there were 7 of us and only 6 dinners arrived at the table after an hour of waiting.  When my steak finally arrived 15 minutes after the initial services it was undercooked, fatty and generally about as good as a steak you can order for breakfast at Denny's.  No apologies or anything,For the price there are many other comparable chophouses in town to ever consider Echo & Rig again.Poor service, tasteless food and indifferent management.
5	One of the best steakhouse around, totally a favorite local spot now! Cool concept, good beer, interesting menu. manager was nice enough to offer us cheese plate at the bar for the wait. Relaxing outdoor patio seating, great for party as well! Price was reasonable although we went crazy tapped $338 for 3 people lol so yeah I've tried a lot of dishes and they all good.
5	Amazing, trendy and the best service! Actually all Trivolli here in Summerlin has fab and unique experiences with Ritz Carlton service!! This is a butcher, charcuterie and steak restaurant with unique hand cuts and more than just steaks. The sides are unique. I recommend the asparagus with fried egg and the Tuscan kale. Too much to write and no one wants to read a book so just try it!
5	This is a review of the bar. I have been to this restaurant several times, but this was my first visit to the bar.  Alys was a fantastic bartender and took great care of us.  We ate lunch and had a few drinks and our bill totaled $57, which seems very reasonable for what we had.  Everything was great--seats were comfy, drinks were tasty and people-watching was excellent.My only complaint is that it always seems to be cold at Echo & Rig, especially downstairs, so dress warmly.
5	So I came to Echo And Rig on the suggestion of my friend Kilan, a butcher in the butcher shop that inhabits the first floor of this amazing restaurant. When you come thru the door, the first impression you get is the culture of happiness that permeates the staff. It's like the Zappo's of steakhouses. From the hostesses to the servers and chefs, everyone exudes such pleasantness and just an excitement to be in the building. My party of 8 (which was supposed to be 14 which they accommodated with a great table by the open kitchen) was seated quickly and the server Sam greeted us with a broad smile. A litany of amazing appetizers followed (pictures to follow) and Kevin the runner kept our sparkling and still water glasses full the entire night. The chef, Ben stopped by the table and greeted us, inquiring about the food and how we enjoyed it. THEN, a lovely woman greeted us from the kitchen, informing us she was our griller for the evening. Jeannine was sweet and her smile never left her face! It made me confident I was in for an amazing treat! A tray was brought to the table with two beautiful Tomahawks and a porterhouse to die for, and we chose our steaks. Now , at this point, I surveyed the atmosphere in the restaurant and watched the staff, bustling back and forth. Even when they thought no one was observing them, they greeted each other warmly and we're even smiling to themselves! The steaks and other entrees arrived and were the picture of perfection. Cooked with almost obsessive precision, there were moments I lost myself and closed my eyes and savored the greatness. Then our desserts were various ice cream creations that were demolished so quickly, I couldn't get pictures! My favorite was the Apple Pie Sundae. Overall, the genuineness of the staff, the skill of the chefs and the experience made my birthday dinner a success, I will be repeating and very soon! Where else am I going to find a restaurant with a delicious Viognier and a warmth that isn't overbearing, but simply and obsessively delightful. I've been in the restaurant and bar business for over a decade, and Echo And Rig should put  on a manual on what a five star, five diamond experience IS!
3	I came here for dinner with my family and friends.  The place was packed on a Thursday night.  The dining room is sleek and modern, but it is very loud because there is no carpeting in the restaurant.  We had a hard time hearing each other across a medium-sized round table.  We ordered a rainbow salad, sauteed spinach, apple and fennel salad, pork belly, bone-in New York Strip (you  pay extra for this), grilled cheese sandwich (has shortrib in it), and a hamburger.  All the small plates were ok - nothing to write home about.  The pork belly was very sweet for our taste.  The hamburger came out cold and was sent back.  The second time it came out, it was overcooked and cold.  The third time it came out, it was good.  That said, our friend did not get the burger until we all had finished our meals.  The waither, however, did bring our friend a cup of mushroom soup to tide him over until the burger was ready. The steak was good, but I felt the meat was oversalted.  The sauces and mushrooms that came with the steak were good.  My brother enjoyed the grilled cheese.  To compensate for the burger problem, that meal was comped, and we got two free desserts - a turtle ice cream sundae and a berry sundae.  Both were quite good.  Service here is very attentive and friendly.  I think they might have had an off night when we were there.  Overall, I would come back and would try a different dish next time.
5	Purchased your turkey feast for our thanksgiving dinner, everything was wonderful. Directions easy to follow and the turkey came out just right. Sides were just not the ordinary....simply delicious and did not  have to spend hours preparing! Highly recommend it .
5	There are many good and great places in Vegas to eat. Good establishments are consistent and treat their guests very well. Great places go above and beyond in all areas of service. That so far is Echo and Rig.We stopped by to check out the Butcher shop and get some advice. The staff was friendly and eager to help. The place is kind of unique in the downstairs bar, sandwich and juice bar and butcher shop separated from  the large open dining room upstairs.We decided to eat and the first thing you notice is they record you name in a ledger downstairs and then the Server greets you by name (great point 1). The menu is a mixture of so many items you could get dizzy trying to decide which way to go. They had a small but diverse pasta selection (my favorite) and their butcher fresh meats and chicken, fish, sandwich and salad offerings (great point 2). They also have a large selection of "small" plate selections and again a lot of choices.They also on the menu back have a good selection of wines and liquors.My wife had the grilled cheese/short rib sandwich selection and on our servers advice the portobello mushroom/parmesan fries (do not pass those up).My pasta was served nice and hot very well done and a great bolognese meat sauce. It was a very good selection. My wife's sandwich while a good combination was somewhat greasy for her taste and she picked at half the sandwich. We mentioned this to our server and she apologized for her not liking the entree. She stated she would mention it to the chef for his knowledge (but we have heard that before).Several minutes later Keith the Manager came over to chat with us about our meal. This was not a casual sorry have a nice day chat but he was concerned about our experience (great point 3). He told us that this selection was a greasy type of combination, but if she didn't like it that was all that mattered. He spoke with us for about 10 minutes and then removed the entree from the bill (great point 4).This is what separates good from great, making sure the customer is always satisfied and their concerns addressed. This is not our last time to go and we look forward to trying other menu offerings in the future.
3	I'm on the fence about this place.  My first visit, our little group of 3 got seated immediately at around 9pm on a Friday.  We ordered a few appetizers and ribeyes off the menu.  Stand out appetizer was the portobello fries, as many other reviewers attest.  The steaks were cooked to perfection, cut like butter, and tasted great.The next time I went alone with the husband.  We arrived around 8:15 on a Saturday and had to wait about 20 minutes, which was fine.  Wait staff was quick to get our drink orders.  This time we decided to take the advice of others and selected a bone-in rib eye to share. Appetizers came out quickly, but our steak took near 45 minutes to make its way from the kitchen.  Apparently, our expectation that a steakhouse should never mess up steaks was asking too much.  We asked for medium rare and got well done instead.  For whatever reason, I don't like to send food back.  We ate a few bites, and even at well done, it wasn't bad, which is a testament to their cuts, but our ribeye's pre-cooked weight was 26oz and cost ~$2.50/oz ($65).  I couldn't sit still for a $65 piece of meat, so we called our waiter over.  He saw our plate, instantly recognized that our meat was overcooked, and called the manager to come over.  While we were waiting, the couple next to us sent back their salmon for the same problem.  The waiter's reaction seemed to indicate that this was happening all night long.  The manager was professional about the situation.  He told us that he would comp the steak and asked if we would like another.  We were already running late for a movie, so we opted for just the comp. We ended up missing the movie.  Although the manager handled the overcooked steak in a most appropriate way, I do think it is a sin for the kitchen staff to mess up, what seemed to be, multiple orders.  It's a relatively new restaurant, so I'll give them one more chance, but if they screw up steak again, there is no way I could recommend this place to anyone.
5	This is definitely one of my new favorite places. Everything about our dinner was wonderful from the service to the meat quality and and selection. The preparation of everything was perfect! Definitely try one of the larger cuts to share , the cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, and portobello fries. Now I don't feel like I need to go to the strip for a good steak dinner anymore! I like this place better than STK, honestly.
5	This place was excellent. Took a group of 8, including 2 vegetarians for a post-conference dinner. We waited only 15 minutes even though we had a large party and it was busy. The space is beautiful - modern, clean lines and sharp-looking staff. I appreciated that they were offering samples of the charcuterie in the bar area while we waited. Service was quick, pleasant, informative, and accommodating. We got to see the special cuts of the day, which was a lot of fun. One recommendation I have to improve the experience a bit more would be to have visuals of the regular cuts as well - we had some steak novices at the table who would have benefitted, and it would enhance the experience.Food was excellent. My steak was cooked perfectly, and we got a mix of sauces so I got to try 4 of them. My favorite was the wine sauce, which was not much on it's own, but once on the steak it really popped. The wine selection also highlighted the food. I had a Spanish Tempranillo that was lightly sweet, fully of cherry and some vanilla. My friend went with a California Merlot that was dark, bold, and spicy. Flavors of honey and an acid balance that worked well with the richness of the beef. I did not have the mushroom rockafeller because it had bread crumbs (I am allergic to wheat), but reports were they were also tasty. We sampled small plates as well. The bacon was smoky and thickly-cut. It was balanced well with the tangy spice of the BBQ sauce. Cauliflower was well-spiced, and still managed to not overpower the nutty flavors. The salt and pepper fries were crisp on the outside without being over done, and the dipping sauce was light and flavorful. I also liked that the fries were not greasy at all. Dessert was a major treat. I had the turtle sunday, and it was both a flavor and texture dream. I appreciated the smoky, salty, and nutty crunch that highlighted the sweetness of the caramel. Presentation on desserts was excellent. This place is fantastic, and I highly recommend.
5	LOVE this place. Newest pick for a dinner place that is nice & trendy but not packed or overpriced like the tourist spots tend to be.The space itself is beautiful, with high ceilings, modern decor and the butcher feel that's just plain cool (sorry, I know I sound lame, but it's the best word to describe it). I love the hot dog and cheese area you can order from while you wait, as well as being able to stare at all the awesome cuts of meat before heading upstairs. The bar also looked great and very cozy, but I didn't sit down since the wait was only a few minutes.Onto the food - I ordered the steak sandwich ($12) and my grandparents the burger ($12) and skirt steak ($22). Everything was delicious, and the sides we got (mac & cheese and brussel sprouts, $7 each) were divine. Great wine and beer and cocktail selection. Wish we weren't so stuffed from the meal and had room for dessert!The service was great, if not a little new. Some waiters were unaware of the menu and order of food delivery, and my grandfather's burger came without cheese and undercooked at first, but really it was quite enjoyable overall.I was shocked at how affordable this place was. Even if you ordered a ton of food you could have a fantastic dinner for well under $50 each. The steaks, the sides, the drinks...everything. Really a fantastic new spot. Can't wait to return soon!
4	I came for dinner with my group of friends for family dinner. They've been here twice while I was out of the country, it was my first time (Don't they know they can't do anything without me?!). It was a Friday and they do not take reservations, it's a first come first served place which is hard with large parties.It's a bit busy so we placed our name and then went out to the patio and had drinks and snacks there. Normally I would think it's a bad idea to wait over 90 minutes to be seated but since we hung out there it wasn't so bad as we waited for the late straglers to our party. Just keep that in mind coming here on dinner peak hours and don't come starving! Or do come starving and get a charcuterie plate and a drink downstairs to start.While waiting I had some of the cauliflower with chili de arbol which was nicely spicy and cooked in a way that makes veggies addictive for snacking. We also shared a drunken goat sandwich which was rather lovely and I really liked the fennel salad on the side of it. I got a cocktail whose name escapes me currently, but I thought it was decent though my two friends who got the same thing said it was better made last time. So last time my friends were here, they effed up with some stuff with their apps and the bill and our server said they would make up for it this time around so they comped a few apps and dessert.  They placed onto our table some portobello mushroom fries which had a lovely crisp and the herb aioli was very fresh and addictive. We also got slices of pork belly with a homemade BBQ sauce which had a nice smoky flavor. The watermelon, tomato, and onion salad is simple and refreshing. I really like their house bread that they place on your table.Steakwise I got a medium rare ribeye cap and the red oak it was cooked over definitely shows through and the meat quality was great.  I got some of the chimichurri sauce and tasted a few of my friends sauces a well. My choice turned out to be my favorite with the ribeye cap. The mushroom and chips that it comes with is alright, but I am just one of those people who needs sides. I got the burnt peas, mushroom, onion and saffron on the recommendation of our server. The sizes of the sides are sharable as I was quite full trying to eat that all. I also tried one of my friends burrata which was lovely as well. Dessert we had various ice creams with different garnish from caramel apple with chocolate and berries. Service was fantastic. He was friendly, attentive and didn't have to hook it up for the mistakes from last time everyone was here for family dinner. I really, really enjoyed my dinner here and I had high expectations as I'm a big fan of Bottega Louie in LA. Definitely a great steak and I will be back very soon!
5	Delish! Beautiful! Great staff!!!I can't wait to go back to try some of their large cuts if meats!!! Drinks were good and everything was reasonably priced! BRAVO
4	Mostly positives and a couple of negatives that I'm sure will be corrected in this fairly new restaurant and then it will be the next "It" place in Summerlin!  (Please save a seat for this foodie!)The two negatives were the wine list and the lack of any desserts except ice cream and sorbet.  That being said, they do have a full bar and make a decent martini and no corkage fee if you bring your own wine.  I had a great late harvest tawny port that was sweet and caramel flavored so almost dessert.I didn't order a steak but instead went for several small plates.  The first was a salad made of thinly shaved fennel, apple and juniper (which looks like dill sprigs)  This was an insanely good pairing with my classic gin martini and why I chose it.  I then moved to the Pork Belly and Grits.  it's hard to go wrong with Pork Belly and it was yummy in what i believe was a reduced apple cider vinegar sauce (think BBW-ish).  The next two dishes I ordered were Fried Calamari and Oyster Sliders.  The Calamari was perfectly cooked and while I don't care for mine with a red sauce, the aoli they brought was great.  I suspect the Oyster Sliders won't make it on the next version of the menu.  I took a bit and pushed away the plat and the waiter was there almost instantly.  I laughed and said "These are an ofront to oysters all over the world and he immediately took the plate and took it off my bill."   The reason this doesn't belong in the menu is everything else was really finessed and badly cooked oysters smothered and a ton of cabbage slaw on a couple of little buns just wasn't up to snuff.  Personally, If I were to keep this on the menu I would have made sure I had super fresh, extra large oysters and someone who knew how to fry them perfectly and offer them on the most delicate bread with a creamy spinach kind of sauce. (Think Rockafeller on a bun.)  Still, everyone gets something they don't like from time to time and it was handled professionally.I replaced that with the Bone marrow appetizer.  Aside from the horizontally sliced bone with the cooked marrow it had small chunks of I forgot what kind of meat and finely slivered, sauted onions... and an orange to squeeze on the top.  DELICIOUS!  The flavor reminded me somewhat of Oso Buco Milanese.They don't take reservations so in a couple more weeks I think its going to be pretty hard to get a seat unless you know when to show up!I've also made several purchase as the butcher downstairs.  Very high quality meat and a lot of willingness to take special orders.  I don't like anything frozen so finding things like squab, quail, duck, etc can be a bit of a challenge.My next thing is to try the juice bar.  I someone leaving with several types of fresh juice in canning jars.  There was a place like this where I used to live and i found it was just as cheap to have someone else make my favorite juices rather than do it myself.... and a whole lot cleaner!!Get while the gettin' is good.   This place has the potential to explode with business.
5	Wher do I start, this place is unique and unusual. A high end gourmet butcher where you take a walk into the meat locker to discuss curing and cuts with a personal expert. Step out of the meat locker, and you'll see a bar which also has a chef making sandwiches and other treats. I should mention that Echo & Rig is located in a very upscale shopping area where most of the cars are high end showroom exotics and the people walking around are all well buffed, shined, and jeweled with the finer things that money buys.So for most people going here is a high end rare treat, not the kind of place us mere mortals eat at often. My family and I showed up here after a long day hiking and we really were not dressed to be here. We also had a few small kids with us, embarrassed we asked to be seated outside even though it was a cold night.The staff could have been rude, or ignore us for our honestly dirty and sweaty clothes, but we were treated with all the importance and respect as the well dressed wealth around us.We were seated outside on a third floor balcony with an amazing view over the fountains and view down the street of all the upscale shops and lights.The balcony had very well placed gas heaters above us and the typical pedestals kind which gave our table a surprising warmth absorbed by the heat making the cold patio perfect even in the cold of a winter's night.We had two waiters, one who never spoke to us but kept the bottled spring, and sparkling water flowing (which is included without charge) and wonderful bread. He kept our table clear but was never intrusive or interrupted our conversations, in fact we were surprised how rarely we noticed him. Our second waiter was the spokesmen as well as server. He brought out the most beautiful and huge cuts of meat and described how they were aged. The meat he presented would be your actual cuts they would grill for you. Because I had a very large group with me, and I was buying for all we opted to stay away from the $75 dollar steaks and went for  burgers, sandwiches and other items. Even so we were treated like kings. We also ordered a few appetizers.Our waiter also brought out several things to try that we did not order and were not asked to pay for. He was great about educating us and describing each perfect treat he brought out.Everyone was pleased with what we ordered, even ordering a few things to take back to our hotel rooms. If we lived in LV this would be high on our list for date nights and special occasions. We were served with such expertise and professionalism even as we were so poorly presented that we can't wait to go back!And yes all the food was great, it's a couple weeks later and we are still talking about it, this meal was the highlight meal of the week long trip for all of us.
5	To sum this place up: high quality grass-fed beef at reasonable prices! I've been here a couple times now, located in Tivoli Village, and the service is always great, very impressed. As you walk in, you have a bar to the left (serves wonderful sangria) and the butcher to the right. Yes, they butcher their own meat!!! As you head upstairs to be seated, it's in an open space that feels like a comfortable setting. I've had a couple of the different grass-fed cuts - hanger, Spencer - both delicious and cooked perfectly. I've also had a couple of the small plates: asparagus, mashed potatoes, and ESPECIALLY the bone marrow carne asada - Amazing. I also learned after the fact that you can bring in your own wine... as many bottles as you want. I will definitely incorporate this into my meal next time. This is definitely my new favorite steak house!
4	This is probably one of my favorite places for brunch/lunch at the moment. the atmosphere is so classy and beautiful. the service is wonderful. and the food is great! the bf and i went for brunch and i had the short rib hash. so yummy. Ive also had their steak sandwich. the reason i took off a star was because they gave me a burnt bun. even when i asked if i could get a new bun, the new bun was burnt too! so it changed the flavor of the sandwich. Other than that, all great!
3	My first visit here I came for brunch. It was just before the seasons changed (you know, summer and winter) so it was still warm enough to sit outside on their patio, which is situated on the second floor of the restaurant overlooking the valet turnstyle of Tivoli.So we decided to try a couple different sanwiches instead of going with breakfast food. Burrata- English peas, green onion and mint. This was terrible. I won't even bother explaining.Portobello Fries- not sure what all the fuss is about. They weren't all that.Hanger Steak- with roasted Anaheim chilies, spinach and lemon aoili chimichurri.The steak was so raw, I couldn't eat  it. I asked our waiter if this was normal, the blood coming from the meat made the roll soggy. He replied that it is supposed to be rare (it doesn't state this on the menu). Anyways, I couldn't eat it, and he didn't offer to replace it with a different meal.Grilled Cheese- short ribs, gruyere, parmesan and white chedder. This was definitely the table favorite. The short ribs really gave it an extra flavor to the awesome combo of cheeses.Smoked Salmon- it never gets old. Still one of my favoritesThe best part about brunch? The $16 bottomless mimosas.Back for dinner the next week, and I had the Colorado Lamb Chops. These were good, but nothing to write home about. I enjoyed my cocktails more than my meal.Heat of the Moment is an excellent drink, and at $8 you can't help but have a couple. Bring your patience with you, they don't except reservations, so it can be an hour wait at time.
5	Have gotten meat from the butcher shop and just can't believe the service. They are there to help you - you just don't find service this good anywhere else. Plus, any meat we have purchased there has been great. They will help you with tips on how to cook it, give you recipes, advice, etc... It's refreshing to have such good service.We decided to go to the restaurant for brunch Sunday and were equally as impressed. Husband ordered a burger, which was delicious. Friend ordered the steakhouse scramble and couldn't say enough about how good it was. I had the quiche and it was excellent. Our service was, as expected, wonderful. Our waiter was Richard.
2	Their butcher stand is located on the main floor along with a small bar, charcuterie stand and hostess area. You have to wait in this awkwardly laid out area with not enough seats for the hostesses to run up and down the stairs to the main seating area of the restaurant, one party at a time. My visit was on a quiet Saturday afternoon, yet we still managed to wait a solid 10 minutes to be seated with only two parties ahead of us. When we got upstairs I was pretty confused by how long we had to wait based on how empty the dining room was, hopefully they figured out a better system during busy hours! Then our waiter took the orders for the 10 person table near us and disappeared for a good 5 minutes before finally coming back to take our drink and food orders at the same time. Plus we pointed out that both of our water glasses were dirty so he swapped them with two from the table next to us, which got immediately placed back into that table setting. Yum! The dining room is a bit strange, very minimally decorated and doesn't seem too thought out. Their brunch menu is fairly decent, with a handful of salads, sandwiches, breakfasts, small plates and sides. There is a different dinner menu that is slightly different. I would also note that their burger is listed under the SANDWICHES section, for those that don't think a burger is a sandwich...Their burger, in this case the Butcher Blend Burger, comes with USDA prime beef, bibb lettuce, Brandywine tomato and red onion. The bun was a little dry, but the meat was cooked to medium rare as ordered so it wasn't much of an issue. If this was a well done burger it would have been a vacuum of moisture. The meat had excellent flavor; it was very juicy, peppery and delicious. You could definitely tell this wasn't cooked with a frozen, pre-made patty. The sharp cheddar I added was flavorful and melted well, the tomato was colorful but didn't have a strong presence with the meat and oniony mystery base under the patty. I'm not quite sure what it was as that wasn't a listed item on the menu, but it was quite tasty.Sadly the burger comes with chips, fries would have been extra. The chips were good; crunchy and of your kettle variety but not the fries I want with a good burger. Overall this was a pretty great deal for $12, but could have been way better with fries instead of chips. What makes this not such a great meal was the experience at the beginning and our service overall. I hate to say it but our waiter sucked, he was non-existent for much of our meal, never took away our table setup plates so our two-person table was a little crowded, and we sat for a full 10 minutes after our meals were done before he returned. We spotted him rolling silverware in the kitchen area while we sat around, and all the managers were having a little powwow to the side. The food seemed pretty good, but service like this is unacceptable even during quiet hours. I would probably have given my burger a better score based on the quality, but we walked out with such a bad feeling after this that I have to go by my overall experience. If you're in this area and want a great burger, stick with Honey Salt.
4	We dined here at 5:00 or so on a Wednesday, the place was pretty quiet when we arrived but filled up quickly.Tivoli Village is a bit too fussy for my taste, as is this place.  I have to say the food makes up for the fussiness, though!I got to taste the following:---  Small plate - pork belly on white grits.  This was just outstanding.  The grits were surprisingly good!---  Tri-tip Steak.  The star of the evening (wish I had ordered it).  Perfectly cooked with just the right sear on the outside.  The accompanying peppercorn sauce was just fabulous.---  Flat Iron Steak:  This was also quite good, although not nearly as tasty as the tri-tip.  Be careful ordering anything less than medium if you don't like a bloody steak.  This was undercooked compared to a normal medium-rare, but I didn't mind.---  Trenne pasta:  We had no idea what "trenne" was, so we Googled it.  It's kind of like penne, but it's crunchy.  Weird.  Came with pieces of steak and kale, it was very good.  Be on the lookout for trenne!The pricing here is very reasonable given the location and atmosphere.The service was impeccable.One nit to pick:  what's with the guys standing with their arms crossed, looking at the customers?  Are they bouncers or what?  Some muscle-bound fellow in an extremely ill-fitting suit was standing in the corner, glowering in our general direction.I headed to the restroom and sure enough, another primate in a bad suit was standing in the corner.  NOTE:  I was wearing jeans, just sayin'I guess they're supervisors or something - I dunno, watching them watching me put me off my feed a little bit...  :)
5	Natalie is awesome. She has been our server the last two visits and she was our cocktail waitress in the lounge tonight. Ask for her!!!
2	My husband and I decided to try this place for our Christmas dinner considering its holidays with short staff we waited for over an hour ( no reservations) but we are so disappointed about this place.  it's a butcher/ restaurant style and they sell raw nice looking tomahawk rib eye steaks etc but it is definitely NOT a Steakhouse :(  they serve their steaks like those midnight deals for $7.99 steak and eggs in Vegas it's was 1/2 thick and was serve well done when we asked for medium .... Don't come here if you are looking for a nice thick juicy steak
5	We ate here on Christmas Eve and both the food and the service was excellent. Christopher was our server and provided us with excellent drink and food suggestions. Try the duck, it is excellent. The strawberry dream and French kiss martins are also very good. We wanted to grab some fresh meat from the first floor butcher but it was closed when we were finished eating. Everything looked very tasty though. Stuff for everyone though since there was a good amount of fish and vegetarian options on the menu.
4	This review is based on two dinner outings.  The first was somewhat better than the second.On my initial visit, I reveled in an excellent small appetizer plate of Meatballs with mixed flavors and straight ahead red Tomato Sauce and fresh grated Parmesan Cheese brought on request.  French Onion Gratin Soup with caramelized Onion, Roasted Pumpkin Squash, Sage, and domestic Swiss Cheese was great and somewhat unique served in a Staub metal pot.  A side of Butternut Squash & Brown Sugar was also excellent.   Sweet Fire Cauliflower was rather spicy but sweet at the same time.  Mushroom Rockefeller was interesting and tasty.  Garlic Shrimp featured 5 jumbo shrimps.  And, Garlic Chips were light on garlic and very good.   On the first occasion, these were offered to us to savor as snacks while we waited to be seated despite arriving on schedule.  But, on the second, during a delay that lasted about 15 minutes to be seated after the time of our reservation, we were offered nothing.    There was a long wait between consumption of starters and delivery of our entrees during the first dinner service.  When entrees did finally arrive, I enjoyed a medium rare Filet Mignon that was in fact almost rare, with a good Red Wine Demi Glace and excellent Bearnaise Sauce.  This meal ended on a very upbeat note with great moist Strawberry Shortcake and assorted berries along with a Turtle Espresso Sundae provided gratis by the manager to make up for our delayed entrees.  A yummy finish! Both times after our arrival, the period of waiting to be seated was a little unusual, as my party of four had to stand on our feet and awkwardly mill about with other strangers in the sleek tiled atrium until we were called.  The only diversions were observing butchers at work or looking at cuts of beef, chicken, lamb, and pork, and various sausages in the on site butcher shop that displayed staggering prices for each offered item.On the second occasion just over three weeks after the first, Wild Mushroom Soup with a touch of cream was even better than the French Onion Gratin Soup experienced earlier.  Complimentary bread was very tasty.  Garlic Shrimp were juicy, tasty, and extra fine.  A Steak Salad with large Cannelini Beans, medium rare hunks of tender beef, pepperoni, White Onions, Red Bell Pepper, pepperoncini, and zucchini was a very good chopped salad, but almost a meal in itself.  And, another 8 oz. medium rare Filet was very tender and buttery (again almost rare), enhanced by a good Green Peppercorn Sauce and again an excellent Bearnaise Sauce.  Moist Skin-on Redskin Mashed Potatoes were very good, just as again were homemade Garlic Chips (if you like potato chips with your steak, which I don't).  The only food item I didn't find appealing on this occasion was a side of too hard, falling apart Brussels Sprouts.  And, a fellow diner announced that she did not like her Shaking Beef entree.While the food served here both times was generally praiseworthy, the second dinner was marred by a cluster of service errors: one bowl of Wild Mushroom Soup (mine) was missed, and then the server forgot to bring it to the table again; no steak knife was provided until requested; refilling water glasses was very intermittent; Bearnaise Sauce was initially forgotten; and Grilled Seabass was proferred with skin on after the server declared that it would only arrive at the table with skin off, and being told "Good!" by the diner who ordered this dish.  My steak was also cold by the time I finished this delayed entree, after dispatching the salad and belated soup courses.  The decor here is modern but rather austere, and feels somewhat cold.  The capacious upstairs dining room can also become very loud when it fills up, as it did both times I was here.But to me, food is paramount.  Although this restaurant still has a few kinks to work out, it offers much promise.  Based on my two experiences to date, I rate it 4-1/2 stars overall.
3	3 Stars for the food! We will get to the service later...Started out with the Mache Salad. o-m-g. it was sooo good. consisting of avocado, mache, celery, roasted chicken, and green onions. And only god knows the recipe to this slad dressing. then we had a few apps.Favorite- Burrata, English peas, mint and onions. I will make this my personal goal to replicate this dish. it was so light and fresh. sometimes burrata can me on the oily side, not here! it was perfect fluffy. so delishfried calamari- i only had a few bites because of my gluten issue but wow these were amazing. grilled shrimp and scallop ceviche- this was pretty good as well.for dinner my boyfriend and I each ordered a different steak. I had the filet and he had the Spencer. I must say, the Spencer won. What an amazing cut of meat. After going 2 years without a bite or red meat Im pretty happy i chose this meal to break my no red meat diet. When i saw this piece of beef melts in your mouth.. im serious. Accompanied with their house chips this dish was pretty outstanding. We also had the horseradish creme to go a long with it. YUM! And the wine... wow. We had about 6 bottles for the table of the Emblem Cab. This wine went perfect with everything. It was so drinkable.. too drinkable. I highly suggest it.Im going to keep the "bad" short and sweet since the meal itself was so amazing. Jason, our server was a total amateur. My bf and I had to wait to eat anything because he didnt know if there were nuts in anything the table ordered. Since we shared everything family style almost everyone was done with sides/apps/salads before we were able to start eating. It was very frustrating. Next time we come in it will probably be to sit at the bar instead. And when I asked to see the manager (because i actually knew him) Jason said he told him to come over. This ended up not true at all. Other then that the meal was amazing. I highly recommend this place over any other in Tivoli Village... or Summerlin for that matter.
4	Came for lunch with kids. No kids menu but if you've got non-picky, relatively well behaved eaters you'll be fine. Great small plates. We really liked the Mac & cheese and Brussel Sprouts. The Rainbow Quinoa Salad was great!
5	No corkage fees!!  Amazing food, service, atmosphere, and prices make this one of the best places to dine in town.  It's an unheard of treat to be able to enjoy an appetizer, 2 steaks, coffees, and 2 bottles of wine for less than $100.  Most of their steaks range from $18-25.  They have a butcher shop in house, in which you may purchase cuts of meat to take home as well. There isn't a single item on their menu that doesn't sound amazeballs.  But I must say I really enjoyed their portobello fries with the best aioli dipping sauce, which was so good that I couldn't resist swabbing the dish with my finger.  They don't take reservations, so just come early and enjoy.
5	Great Food, Cocktails,Beer and Service! The lady at the door was very friendly and accommodating to us. Our server, Ricky also took very good care of us! We had the perfect assortment of dishes! The onion soup play was excellent but the Kale salad was simple perfection for us! As expected the steak was delicious and prepared perfectly! Next time we will leave the baby at home and stay for dessert! The tables were a little on the small side besides the  the giant round one in the center which was in an awkward location, but the decor was simple, modern and not overdone! Cheers Echo & Rig'
5	Hats off to the creators of Bottega Louie for bringing this restaurant to Las Vegas!!  Delicious food, great spirits, and awesome service.  Dined here for about 3.5 hours the other day and saying that I had a blast would definitely be an understatement.  Check this place out for yourselves... trust me, you won't be disappointed.
4	This place was a little confusing as they serve food downstairs but the actual full service restaurant is upstairs. We almost left until a server caught us and escorted us upstairs. This was a good place for lunch. Fast service. The fried spinach salad was to die for. The tri tip sandwich was just ok though. I could go back and just have three fried spinach salads. It was that good. Another good option in Tivoli Village.
5	A/C problem is repaired!  :-)  Alys is my favorite bartender in Las Vegas.
5	Great evening as always.  Amazing food and a great bar team. Thanks Jeffrey and Scottie for a fun night, hope to visit again soon!
4	After a number of previous visits to the Butcher shop on the first floor we finally made it to the dining room on the second floor. The restaurant space is brightly lit and nicely organized. There is inside and patio dining. Our waiter, Justin was friendly and his knowledge of the menu was helpful in deciding our choices. On this evening we had an appetite for small plates. The Grilled Shrimp & Scallop Ceviche was delicious along with a side of Brussels Sprouts. The Brussels Sprouts were chopped like a salad and mixed with Pistachios and lemon. Very tasty. The meatballs in a tomato sauce (3 to an order) were an ample size. They were tender and the sauce was a perfect complement. A side order of French Fries were overcooked (too crispy) Our waiter Justin offered to remove them from the bill. Justin offered to give us a tour of the patio after dinner. The patio has many table side heaters plus heaters attached to the ceiling. The temperature was just as comfortable as dining indoors.On our next visit we will have the steaks. If you would like to experience excellent service ask for Justin as your waiter.
1	Wow super disappointed!Had a 1015pm reservation and arrivedBetween 830-9pm there were 22 of us so we wanted to arrive early and drink at. The view wine bar across the street to kill time. They acknowledged us and said we could come back as early as 10pm so we did and sat at the bar and ordered drinks. We also brought bottle as they said there was no corkage fee but we said we would order drinks too! We were finally sat a little before 11pm and our dinner didn't arrive until after midnight....after several arguments with management they no longer wanted to serve us the wine we brought and we never were offered coffee and dessert.My husband and other friends are now arguing with staff. If you can't handle holidays don't be open on holidays. I can't defend my friends boyfriends behavior but there was 20 of us and we spent good money tonight. What a shame and happy new year...notFor the record the food is beyond amazing and more than reasonable.....a shame the night ended the way it did.
5	My friend surprised me and took me here for my birthday. I've had this place bookmarked for about a month.Echo & Rig is a butcher shop, deli, and restaurant rolled into one. The main dining room is upstairs and the best evening seating is on the patio. The lights are enchanting and the views set a really romantic tone. My friend and I decided to order a few of their small plates as a full on meal wasn't something we were looking for at 9 PM. We ordered a few of the small plates and the two that stuck out the most to me werethe thick cut bacon which was decadent, juicy, and tender and was paired with a nicely balanced BBQ sauce that was tangy, sweet, and had just the right amount of smoke flavor (and trust me, I hate that smokey flavor). The most knock me on my knees and had me beggin' for more was the Portabella mushroom fries with a basil, garlic aoli, Oh, sweet baby Jesus! We need to pause for a moment of silence... This was off the charts amazing. Order this or else.I cannot wait to head back and experience the meat here.  I guarantee it will be off the charts and butter knife tender. E&R has set out to be Summerlin's butcher shop. You can order huge slabs of meat and they will cure them for you (up to a month) and you can choose to dine in or take it home. How awesome is that.
4	Good atmosphere and great location. The prices are very reasonable. If this were on the strip it would be Gordon Ramsey expensive but out here it's very reasonable. The service is great and the steaks are fantastic. Try the "mushroom" fries. Amazing.
4	Great local steakhouse. Couldn't get my Spencer steak right and too seasoned but meat was tender and tasty. Service was great. Shrimp and portobello small plates were great. Desserts and cappacino also great.
5	I have been reading about this place for a few months now, and tonight I finally had a chance to experience what everyone has been talking about. Everything we had from the drinks, the food and the service were out of this world! My only regret was that I didn't try this place sooner. I can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu!
5	My wife and I where just looking for a place to get a bite to eat before the gym and we ended up quite surprised!!!!! We called before hand to find out dress code if they had one and they where come as is!!!!!! We where seated at a great table by the window and it looks like there really is No!!!!!! Bad table in this place!!!!! Are waiter was great the whole time. When are meals came out they where amazing the meats there are tender juicy and have so much flavor!!!!!! The prices are very very affordable compared to any other stake house in town!!!!!! This place is a must try!!!!!! We will be back again and again!!!!!!
4	Wife and family treated me to dinner at E&R for my B-day.  wife was a little concerned about no reservation policy especially since b-day on a Friday but it was only a few minute wait for a table of 6.  Cool looking place with bar, lounge and butcher area downstairs, decent sized restaurant upstairs.Forgot to bring a bottle of wine to take advantage of the "no corkage" policy - no biggie since only three of us drink and I personally was in a beer mood ( later in the meal, when the manager came by to ask if we enjoyed our meal, I couldn't resist, I asked if there's a no corkage policy, why not extend it to beer - as in, can I bring in the "brown bag."  Sadly, manager said "no" and her eyes said, " HELL NO"The food ?  overall, a hit.  Ordered:starters/sides - $5.10 each : Mashed potatoes w/ white cheddar; cauliflower with crispy onions; $7.40 each:  Meatballs; Mac and cheese; portobello fries; asparagus and fried egg$9.20 each: grilled octopus and gigante beans; fried calamariThe starter/side hits ?  the cauliflower, meatballs and Portobello fries.  The misses ? mac n cheese ( very rich sauce but lacked cheesiness and served cold )  and the grilled octopus ( beans , though tasty, overwhelmed the octopus )Mains-24 ounce Rib eye, medium ($58).  Very good flavor, properly seasoned about 1"-1 1/4" thick, but I feel the steak was closer to medium rare/rare than medium.  Not an issue for us.Grilled cheese $11.90) - short rib with white cheddar and gruyere - perfect !Tagliatelle Bolognese ( $12.80) - al dente, delicious sauce but a little light on meat.black spaghetti ($12.80) - includes shrimp and scallops with a little bit of calamari - great flavor, a little salty but I like it that way.desserts ($6):Caramel turtle - I was a little disappointed - guess i'm an old school guy because I was hoping for a prominent caramel sauce - there was a sauce but seemed like an afterthought to the brittleberry shortcake - loved the berries and syrup ;  the biscuit a little too hard - does it freeze up a little due to the ice cream ??service was excellent - the food definitely comes out timely/fast.We like the concept especially the variety in the menu.we will return
5	Given the length of time that I've been wanting to try this spot, it's no surprise that I chose to have EVERYTHING on the menu.  Let's back up and start at the beginning.From the time you enter Echo & Rig, you know you are in for a unique experience.  There's the cute little bar tucked off to the left.  The white staircase which must have heaven at the top.  The cute group of hostesses in their all black attire.  And then there's the meat.  That's right.  A full butcher shop with big, beautiful hunks of meat pornographically on display.  Meat-centric heaven. We went with friends on a Saturday night at 7 and arrived a little early, expecting a wait.  No need, a table was ready for us and when our friends arrived, we were quickly taken to the upper echelon where the real deal happens.  The overall vibe of the restaurant's upstairs is that of a very inviting, rich person's dining room (No travertine decking out my house!).  The lighting is low and warm, but not so low that you need a flashlight to read the menu.  I am also a fan of open kitchens and really like how it is set back enough that the noise from the kitchen doesn't take over the dining room.  Now for the stars of the evening.  We took the advice of Yelpers and ordered the Portobello fries although I was a little unsure.  Don't question it.  That crispy, fried goodness is delicious and unlike anything I've ever had.  We also started with:Fried Spinach Salad - One of my favorites.  Just the right amount of oil and the crunch of the cauliflower is bombKale SaladCaesar SaladFried Oyster Sliders (2 orders) (Didn't try because fried oysters are not for me)Small charcuterie plate - this was a last minute addition by my boyfriend who knows all too well that there's not really anything I like more than a beautiful plate of meat, cheese and accoutrements.  I have insanely high standards and Echo & Rig's plate exceeded them.  Fresh prosciutto and salami, two housemade pates, sour gherkins, whole grain mustard, some sliced turkey and toast points.  I literally had to force myself not to eat the whole thing, knowing a bomb diggity steak was in my future.   My friend and I both had the Spencer Steak which was recommended by our server and our other halves both had the New York Strip.  I really liked my steak, but be aware that the char on the outside of the steak may require you go a little more raw than you normally would.  My medium rare was a little too done but now I know to order rare.  It was still an incredible cut of meat and I really enjoyed it.  You get a steak sauce of your choice and I went with the horseradish cream.  As everyone has said, there's no corkage fee at Echo & Rig.  I hope they continue this practice, although I know it has to be difficult to make money doing so.  We brought a few bottles of wine for dinner and then ended the night with some espresso and coffees.  The manager visited our table and all around, the wait staff was just fantastic.  Finally, a dining denizen that I can love in the snooze fest that is Summerlin cuisine.  Echo & Rig, don't do me like Rosemary's.  Don't you ever go away.
2	Let me start by saying I'm not a fan and I doubt I will ever be back to Echo & Rig.  We came here late afternoon and there was one other party in the restaurant.  We were brought our iced tea quickly and it was refilled frequently while we were there.I had looked at the menu online and I took some time to decide once there.  For a starter, we ordered their portobello fries which were served with an herb aioli.  This was the first I noticed that anything that stated garlic or should have had garlic (herb aioli) had no garlic taste at all.  The herb aioli was good but missing the garlic flavor.My wife ordered the tri-tip steak--medium--even though I suggested she get medium rare and I ordered the hanger steak blue.  She was drawn to the tri-tip because the menu said lemon and garlic neither of which was evident in any way.  Garlic fail number 2.  All their steaks come with garlic chips (no garlic flavor here either--garlic fail #3) and a mushroom Rockefeller, a breadcrumb stuffed mushroom cap.The portobello mushroom was wonderful with the light coating and the cheese shreds.  Then we waited.  We saved some of the mushrooms fries for our steak, and then we waited some more.  Approximately 20 minutes later, our server said the steaks would be right out.  He took our small plates and silver away.  About 5 minutes went by and he stopped by once again and said the steaks would be right there.  About 5 minutes later, he stopped by to say they'd be out in about a minute.  This time, he was right.When the steaks arrived, I noticed that both had been cut in slices and I just cringed.  I absolutely hate it when this is done.  Maybe that's why so FEW places do it.  I asked if there was a culinary reason and the server said he'd ask.  When he came back he told us that the chefs said it was to make the steaks more tender.  My steak was good, but it was cooked a little more than I would do it at home.  My wife's steak was less tender and because of her medium order, which they did, the steak was less juicy and there was a fair amount of sinew that you wouldn't expect.  She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.  But above all, I'd say, please don't cut my steak.  I'm not a two year old and I'm not infirm.  I Googled this when I got home and found that the only reason (perhaps) to do this was to cut the steak against the grain the right way.We each had a sundae for dessert.  They were OK.I left Echo & Rig very disappointed.  The length of time from ordering to getting our mains was ridiculous when the place is less than 1/10 full.  It was a Tuesday afternoon--not date night USA at 8 PM.
5	First visit to Echo & Rig and we were pleasantly surprise!When we arrived, this man was giving away free beer sample (Ballast Point Pale Ale).  There is also a charcuterie  area, tables and chairs, a bar, it was quite nice.  The hostess took us upstairs where the dining area is.  It looked very classy and chic.We were immediately greeted by our server and they have a pretty good memory on our complimentary selection of flat or sparkling water.  Our table shared/tasted the following:-Portobello fries: slices of thick Portobello were lightly battered and served with a green aioli.  Yum.-Bone Marrow:  A must try!  We all enjoyed this appetizer.-Octopus with gigante beans and green olives: very refreshing.-Lamb Chops: Seasoned to perfection and was very tender.-Trenne: Our server Nicholas recommended this but for us to keep in mind that it is not like the typical pasta.  I loved it!  I liked the crispiness and charred taste to some of the trenne.  The prime rib eye was super tender as well.  The black kale went so well with it.We tasted Nelson's hangar steak and oh boy, that was seasoned very well and again, super tender.  E&R sure knows how to cook up a piece of meat.We ended the meal with the berry shortcake and the caramel turtle sundae.  Caramel turtle sundae was the winner of the two.Our entire dinner service was stellar.  Nicholas was super attentive.  Even after we had paid our bill, he still made sure that we are ok, and that our water is topped off.We have already made plans in the future to return for brunch!
5	This could be my new favorite Vegas steakhouse.  We started off at the downstairs bar while waiting for our table.  I have to praise their liquor selection; they even had a couple bottles of Rip van Winkle bourbon, which I have been struggling to locate for a while now.  When it was time, we were walked upstairs to the dining area.  Our server, Justin, was able to remember not only our names, but the names of my friend's two dogs as well.  This place does not have a corkage fee, so I would recommend bringing your own wine.  We didn't do that this time, but the wine list was also very moderately priced (I usually google an establishment's wine on my smartphone to see what the markup is).My party of four ordered a few small plates to start: Octopus, pork belly and grits, watermelon salad, apple and fennel, and charcuterie.  All of these dishes were exceptional, but my favorite was the pork belly and grits.  The fatty part was crispy on the outside, and melted in your mouth.  The meat was as tender, and the grits were on par with what you'd get from an authentic Cajun restaurant in New Orleans.  For our entree, Three of us split a 41 oz tomahawk ribeye steak, while the other member of our party got the black spaghetti.  I had a bite of the pasta, and it was nicely cooked, with a good chew.  It also came with a very generous assortment of seafood.  By the way, this dish was like 13 bucks -- what a steal.  The massive ribeye came out with a beautiful sear that made your mouth water.  A cross section of the steak revealed a perfect mid rare.  No unsightly grey band.All in all, an excellent meal.  Excellent service, and much more affordable than a steakhouse on the strip.  5/5.  Can't wait to go back!
5	I had been wanting to go here for a while, so I knew the menu by heart before we got there. My most favorite cut of meat was on the menu, Rib Eye Cap, but they didn't have any!  Oh no! But all was not lost. So many cuts to choose from! We decided to share a 50oz. Tomahawk Ribeye (even though my husband wanted it all to himself).  Our server was Samuel, he was excellent at explaining everything. All of our service experienced was fantastic. They addressed my husband as Mr. D... The manager stopped by to chat with us. We went on a Friday around 6 and there was no wait. We opted to sit outside on the patio, it's a heated patio so we stayed nice and warm. We had some drinks over dinner and after...great selection of bourbon, whiskey and scotch, how can we not! We didn't catch his name but the bartender downstairs was knowledgable about all the bottles we asked about. Before our steak we had some complimentary bread (which was delicious) and ordered the Carne Asada  Bone Marrow. Yum! Very flavorful, we would go back just for this! Our steak was cook cooked perfectly. Nice crust of char on the outside, just enough red on the inside. Juicy and seasoned perfectly. It came sliced, bone on the side. We got some dipping sauces but they are not needed. We tried the Bleu Cheese, Red Wine Demi,  Chimichurri, and  Green Peppercorn....they were all tasty. It came with a  Stuffed Mushroom Rockefeller and a handful of Garlic Potato Chips. We ordered sides of Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Sharp White Cheddar (yum) and  Chile de Arbol  Roasted Cauliflower (nice spice). I was full at this point but we decided if they'd make us just a regular Hot Fudge Sundae since they have the ingredients for it (their dessert menu is all ice cream). It was nothing special, just a sundae.I would definitely go back, look forward to trying other items on the menu. I want to go now!
5	I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars because it is that good. I came here with my family for my mother's birthday dinner when they were visiting from California. I had read the Yelp reviews on it and I used to frequent Bottega Louie in downtown Los Angeles when I lived there which is operated by the same owners and chef. I knew the food was going to be great.We waited about 10 minutes for a party of 6 to be sat and while we waited we looked at the butcher's display case. One of the butchers was telling us that they can give you recipes for the different cuts of meat you might purchase to take home. After looking at the different meat they offered, we were called on by the hostess and seated upstairs by the kitchen which is open and we had a great view of the area where the food is expedited so we got to see everything that came out.Nicholas was our server and he was amazing. He made excellent drink and appetizer suggestions and helped us with any questions we had about the menu. We had a couple of the specialty drinks and they were all good, particularly the Cosmo and French Kiss. For appetizers, we had calamari, fried chicken, meatballs, sausage and peppers, and the portobello fries. The fried chicken was a tad overcooked but everything else was amazing and tasty. They were all small plates meant to be shared family style so we each got to nibble on a little of everything. For dinner, the table ordered two Spencer steaks, the wagyu cut, the short rib grilled cheese, and two orders of the sea bass. Everything was melt in your mouth delicious. I particularly liked the wagyu cut. It was only $22.50 and was comparable to wagyu cuts I have had on the strip for $60. We also shared mashed potatoes and heirloom carrots for the table. The stuffed mushroom and Parmesan crisps that accompanied the steaks were very good too. For dessert, Nicholas suggested the turtle sundae and the berry sundae with hibiscus sauce for the table. They both tasted like heaven. My dad used to be a chef and can be incredibly critical of food, service, and presentation and he thoroughly enjoyed our experience. Also, every worker, whether it was a server, food runner, drink runner, manager or hostess wished my mother a happy birthday which is another reason I would recommend Echo & Rig. I don't know which is better, the food or service. Our experience wasn't just a birthday dinner or family night out. It was truly memorable thanks to the staff and food at Echo & Rig. I look forward to returning for their weekend brunch and dinner again soon.
5	I have now been to Echo & Rig at least 5 times.  I'm female and often dine alone because usually I'm on my way back from some place or a long day of shopping/errands and I just want a great martini followed by a great meal!I love the large assortment of "small plates" since I prefer variety over a main course.  The "must try" list is the calamari, bone marrow, portobello fries and pork belly.  The burnt peas with saffron was a really, really interesting combination.  I ordered too much so took them home and really learned to appreciate the combination of flavors.  (FYI... the portobello fries reheat really well in the oven!)I love a good, caramel flavored tawny port so the turtle sunday and port was an uber-sweet treat at the end of the meal.  Last but not least, let me give a huge shout-out for service.  I don't know how they keep track of things but they know my name, my preferred cocktail and which port I like.  I have never waited more than a short period of time for anything... including drinks... I don't envy the amount of stairs the servers must do in a day!Ladies of Summerlin, you really need to ask for Jackson and his sidekick Omar.  I already teased Jackson about being a nice version of "Sawyer" from lost but seriously... good food, great service and a handsome young men.  He's probably going to have a huge fan club shortly so all I can say is tip well and tip in cash!  (These guys work hard for a living so show them the love!)Also, I was tickled to death to have Chef Sam Marving come out and introduce himself.   It's not going to be long before this place is the "it" spot in Summerlin and a seat is hard to find!!My theory is that it is important to establish yourself as a regular in your favorite places and there's only one way to do that... frequent often and show your appreciation!My only question is... why couldn't I be one of those people who can eat anything and not gain weight and drink without a hangover!!Love ya Echo & Rig!
5	Found this place on yelp. Everything was excellent. Great service (Ricky was our server, very knowledgable and friendly and willing to do whatever it takes, a rarity these days), atmosphere, and food. Salads and sides are generous, we over ordered but don't mind because we now have leftovers! Steak, and fish are both amazing. Love the complementary sparkling water as well. We're definitely coming back. Reasonably priced as well for the quality, a great value!
4	Ricky was an awesome server. The food was good. Don't eat meat but the sides were delicious.
1	About a month ago, myself and 4 of my friends showed up at Echo&Rig on December 19th, just before Christmas. We came in, excited, and ready to enjoy. We sat at the table closest to the bar. We ate and drank as any group in their early 30s would. Shared apps, steaks, cocktails. Nothing out of the ordinary. A young woman waited on us, who I will not name. As our time at E&R came to an end, we asked for the check. The bill was placed on the table and was left for us to figure out. We did, over $360 in cash, was put in a pile on the table. We continued to finish our drinks and our plates of food. Moments later, the female server came over and set down another check. One of the guests in our party explained that we paid it already, as she looked for the money. The server insisted we had not paid. The group immediately asked for management. After a brief description of the situation to management, the manager spoke with our server. He then came over to us moments later and brought 3 of us out on the patio, adjacent to the bar. He explained that the server accused one of the members in our party of stealing and he pointed out who the server felt committed this crime. I want to preface the rest of this story by saying, everyone in this party has been friends for more then 10years, minimum. We enjoy holidays together, know one another's family intimately, and have even been in weddings together. I trust everyone from that party implicitly. That being said, we finally called out the accused guest to the patio. We explained the situation and he immediately took off his shoes, coat, shirt, belt, pulled out his pocket. He was one article away from being naked. Imagine the horror? In front of strangers, guests, and friends, being accused of stealing and having to defend yourself in that manner. Everyone else in the party followed suit and we asked the manager to please check the cameras. He explained he could not, only ownership had access to the cameras. Really? What sort of policy is this? Obnoxious.We politely obliged the managers request for a day to resolve the issue. He then asked us to pay the bill again. The audacity! We did, begrudgingly, as we knew the next day the group would be vindicated and the money returned. Wrong.       Over the next week and a half I called the restaurant almost daily. Everyday it was a different excuse as to why they haven't checked the cameras. Either "The Owner's are working on it" or "They are close to a resolution" or "The manager you need isn't here". This team of managers and owners passed the buck and I think it only peaks to their character as adults and people who run a business. Finally, after 15 days, I received an answer. The verdict? The camera was bad and they can't see the angle. It was tough to tell. I implored them to spare my feelings and please tell me if it was one of our diners who committed the crime, so that we could rectify it personally and I could apologize to Echo&Rig. The manager on the other end explained, "It's not that...." He would not elaborate. They basically said "That's it" No invite back in, no free dessert, no handshake, no sincere apology. They were just glad it was over. I will never set foot in that restaurant again and I suggest you do the same. We paid over $700 for one meal, do to the inept and dishonest nature of the staff, management, and ownership.     To conclude my review, I will say that, I work in the Food and Beverage sector myself. I work for a renowned chef on the Las Vegas Strip. The rest of the party, also works for either the same chef or others of similar ilk on the strip. We told this story to every person we could in the last few weeks, in order to gauge if our behavior and actions were appropriate. We feel we handled it in the most proper manner. E&R did not. I realize that reviews like this can cost people their jobs, so I do not take a review like this lightly at all. I realize the brevity of a tool such as Yelp. If you are an honest, hardworking, decent person, I believe their are better places to spend your money, right here in our community of Summerlin.
1	It sucks being the guy who has the nut allergy.  I came to E and R after hearing a few good things and thought to stop in while visiting friends in LV.  I ordered the slow roasted short ribs WITHOUT THE WALNUTS. I told the server to tell the chef to make sure the meal was prepared without them. I normally never have an issue with this sort of thing unless I am at a chain restaurant.  Halfway through the ribs, I did not notice any nuts but my mouth was ON FIRE. I had to leave and grab an Epipen. What a horrible experience.  The server had been "cut" so I had to explain to the new server and the manager what went wrong. I was not even offered my meal on the house.  Unreal.  Never, ever going back there again.
2	Service was great, atmosphere was warm and inviting. I will come back for dinner, but never again for brunch. I had the blueberry pancakes, very tart. The server suggested them, and made them sound amazing. They are made with ricotta (couldn't tell), lemon zest (way too much), and blueberries. Because of the tartness of the zest and the blueberries, the pancakes were hard to eat. I literally had to drown them in syrup to sweeten them up, and I don't like doing that. The star of meal was the bacon and homemade BBQ sauce. I was hoping to have a sweet pancake and a salty bacon combo, but the pancakes didn't come through. Partially my fault, don't go to butcher house and order pancakes. My date said the hollandaise was bland as well. I will come back and have a sandwich, they looked great! I am also interested in their dinner menu and they late night bar specials.
5	Love the duck, pork belly and the butterfish.. Also very fond of their twist on the Moscow mule.
5	I only came here for brunch and it was....Awesome. For a nice steakhouse restaurant, their brunch menu was pretty affordable. I ordered their short rib hash and it was very tasty. Equally tasty was their smoked salmon  eggs benedict. I would love to come back and try their dinner menu someday. They also have a butcher on site  so you can buy yummy meats and cold cuts from them. Service was friendly and very attentive.
2	Service was good but steak was way over done. I thought I had ordered a $35 NY but instead got a $60 NY with bone in even though I pointed to the menu item and was fairly certain the waiter understood... I'd like to think this was just a miscommunication, but when the food was brought out it was painfully obvious that the steak was close to beef Jerky so the waited apologized and offered to comp it. I did not want to delay the remainder of our party so I kept it. At the end of dinner the waiter asked how it was and I told him very disappointing. With that he comped a dessert and said sorry... Not the comp I was expecting.  Given the vast competition of steak houses in Vegas I would recommend skipping this one. Hope this is a helpful post for anyone that is about to spend a couple hundred dollars to be completely satisfied with a phenomenal Vegas quantity meal!
4	Our server was great. The food was delicious. Loved the atmosphere. I am not a big meat eater but I did like the Jumping beef dish I ordered. And the party I was with all shared the Brussels sprouts, portobello mushrooms and the Carmel turtle dessert. Our server told us that after 10pm ladies get a some late night specials. Cannot remember exactly. But will have to definitely have to come back for a ladies night and check it out!
5	ECHO & RIG = ONE OF MY FAVORITES IN VEGAS!!!My boyfriend and I happened to walk by this restaurant a few months ago and were intrigued by the fresh meat and butchering demonstrations in the window. We went in and met the butcher / chef. Aaron and he was very friendly and informative. He even gave us a personalized crock pot receipe and some fresh ingredients!After that, we knew we had to go back and try the dining experience. We went back this weekend and there was a 40 minute wait, but it flew by. We enjoyed a glass of wine at the bar downstairs and chatted with the Aaron again while he was breaking down some meat for the evening. Now for the food - - AMAZING! First we started with the sausage and peppers and the portabella fries. Now, I don't like mushrooms but the waitress said we had to try them so we did and they were great! The breadding was light and crunchy and not at all greasy and the dipping sauce complimented them superbly. For entrees my boyfriend had the new coulotte steak and I had the roasted chicken sandwich (I know, I know a sandwich at a steak place? But the balsamic onions had me at Hello). For sides we had the cauliflower and fries. The steak was scrumptous, perfect crust with just the right amount of seasoning to let the natural flavor of the meat shine. The cauliflower was unlike any vegetable I have ever had. It was sweet and spicy and all the different flavors popped in my mouth with each bite. A MUST TRY! The sandwich was great too - the bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside and the onions, arugula and onions merried perfectly with the chicken. We brought in our own wine to take advantage of free corkage so the total bill was only $60!! We couldn't belive it. For food that held its own against some of the steak greats like Mastros, Flemmings and Mortons the value was unlike any other. One of the best restaurant experiences in Vegas!
5	I owe them a review... I failed to review them after my first visit somehow and after going again this week and now realizing I didn't review it before, I felt it necessary to make up for it. Echo & Rig has won over many fellow Yelpers and locals alike and you can count me on this list. At first, I was skeptical about the location as every time I go to Tivoli Village I feel like I'm being punked and there are really hundreds of people there who are going to jump out and do a flash dance.... sadly, it's just empty streets. Yet Echo & Rig was packed the first time and had a nice crowd the second time I went.I won't bore you with stories of delicious steaks, fantastic sides and tasty pasta dishes. .. instead I'll focus on the service which has been excellent both times. Coincidentally, we sat in the table right next to the one we were at the first time which put us right near the kitchen. I love being next to the kitchen where I can enjoy first hand watching the artists at their craft. But back to the service... very attentive, helpful with menu choices and not overbearing. They've cracked jokes, shaken hands and provided my friends and I with one very memorable prank on a table of friends dining nearby.We had a hiccup with the bread on our first visit but it turned into a funny memory more than anything for the simple fact that we asked about 3 or 4 different people for bread and each told us it would be right out as they had fresh stuff coming up. And each time someone else seemed to grab the bread before our guy was able to. He absolutely made up for it though and I'm happy to report that on our next visit the bread came out right away.If you have not made it to Tivoli Village yet or have and were also afraid you were being punked... make it a point to go back and enjoy a meal at Echo & Rig. You can thank me later.Thus concludes my story... thank you... goodnight.
5	I wasn't sure.  You know the space is more than a little awkward (looks like it should be a furniture store of clothing boutique).  But it's good, actually really good.  Service?  Good.  Food?  Good.  Management?  Treated us like kings even though we showed up with no rez in our walking clothes and a stroller with baby in it.  Servers were incredibly patient as my wife tortured herself with the overwhelming number of small plate options.  And the ones she chose were pretty good.  And the steak (the Spencer Steak) was excellent.  Best $25 steak I can remember.  This is what we hoped Ogden's would be.  A place worth visiting within walking distance of our house.  I think I'd like this place even if it wasn't within strolling distance, but maybe an extra star for that.  But it's not like it's an easy walk, so don't discount my review.  We gotta head up Oakey and then once we get to Cimaron we can cut through the 'hood.  When we get to Durango it's a bit of risky, more like 'mad', dash across Durango.  Once you've safely navigated (jay walked) to the other side of 6 lanes of stupid, probably drunken, traffic (think frogger with a stroller), you can cut behind the Guitar Center to avoid the inevitability of being flattened by some Kohl's shopping ingrate.  Assuming you make it through that long, dark alley you can take a right to approach Sahara and cross at what should be a protected cross-walk to the Boca Park shopping center, only this is Vegas so you can press the button for the signal (which by design is a really fancy one that in addition to a walk sign and in case you're blind should at some point announce "WALK SIGN TO CROSS SAHARA"), which in the last year has never given us a walk sign no matter how many cycles you wait through, but it doesn't really matter anyway because this is Vegas and signs don't matter because it's a 24-hour town and at any time of the day you've got people getting off their shifts and hitting happy hour and driving home drunk and on ambien or loratab, so with your head on a swivel, charge into traffic and cross when you see the left turn arrow and as you get to the other side you will notice a melting pot fondue restaurant, so if you're light on ambien, loratabs or blow you could probably score there as long as the employees haven't gotten too twisted - not on fondue - on that given evening and used up their whole supply.  So now you're basically in the back of Boca Park.  That should be a relief and, if you hit the melting pot fondue restaurant, maybe you're a little "emboldened" at this stage of the walk.  It's probably good to be emboldened because now you've got another half-mile, unlighted stretch behind the office max and down a construction road with no sidewalk.  Keep your head on a swivel because occasionally someone leaving cheesecake factory restaurant will come roaring up behind you and because there is no sidewalk you may have to employ some evasive maneuvers to make it to alta where you can ride the sidewalk and enjoy a protected cross-walk into Tivoli Village.  My family enjoys this walk frequently.
5	LA does Vegas does one of the best steak houses in Vegas! The food - unbelievable, the service- top notch. Let me tell you about the music, the decor, upstairs, downstairs and outside!!!!Not on the strip but 15 minutes away.Give me 5 on it!
5	This place is amazing! The other reviewers will tell you all of the wonderful things about this place so I'll leave the real reviewing to the word smiths and foodies.Here is what I have to say: Ron Swanson would cry at the glory of this steakhouse!Drink the Kentucky Peachtree, an amazing cocktail that has a bourbon foundation with a light ginger beer finish; strong enough for man but gentle enough for a lady.Eat: the bacon. I don't think I need to say why but you should probably bring a change of underwear.Also eat the steak, this goes without saying but you'll hate yourself if you eat chicken or fish here...I'm sure its lovely but why?Honestly everything I ate here was wonderful I do think that the desert menu lacks in comparison with the rest of the menu - the Carmel Turtle is the star of the desert menu.
5	This place quickly became my new favorite restaurant.  We come here just for drinks sometimes because we like the atmosphere.
4	My wife and sister ate here for Sunday brunch yesterday; it was my first time at the joint.  -The overall decor and design of the entire restaurant was very well done; utilizing natural wood grains and marble as the two major materials.  Seating upstairs had a great view, the breeze and air circulation was perfect; not too stuffy and not completely exposed to the outdoors.-My food was really a set of good choices.  To begin, we all split an order of the Portobello Fries, which are flash fried and lightly breaded and come with a pesto aioli dipping sauce.  I was surprised with my first bite, when the mushroom yielded a crispness and a snap!  They were delicious.  My individual dish was the Short Rib Hash, which was absolutely awesome!  The potatoes, peppers, and onions were all uniformly cubed very small, allowing them to become intensely flavored with the drippings from the braised short rib.  As for the short rib itself, they generously pulled large pieces of the meat and centered it among the large pile of hash veggies.  It was topped with two perfectly poached eggs with a zesty lemon hollandaise sauce.  C'est magnifique!  -Server was not on her game; she forgot almost everything we asked for, didn't check on our food and had other servers bring the food to us (with mistakes), and yeah...she was just blah.--Overall.............the short rib hash is a must!!!
5	Yes... 5 stars. Food was phenomenal, but I'm a service guy and this place gets it. The hostess set the right tone being welcoming, engaging and accommodating. The server was very knowledgeable and described the food properly. Timing was accurate, refills were always present. $80. For two, for a table full of great sharing option, including drinks and complimentary sparkling water.
4	We were walking around looking for a place to eat at Tivoli, and we stumbled upon this restaurant. At first we just thought it was a butcher shop and we only went inside to check it out. We were surprised to find that it was also a bar and restaurant. I had the BLT, and it was to die for! The bacon was crispy, the tomatoes were a variety, and I can't say enough about how wonderful it was. He had the seafood pasta (I don't remember the exact name of the dish). I'm so glad I didn't order that! While the seafood in his was good, the sauce and pasta with squid ink was not for me. It wasn't for him either, as he left most of it behind!We love to dine slowly and sit and talk, and I did feel like they were hovering around wondering when we were going to leave, even though there were lots of tables available. That said, we will be back!
4	This place is a solid 4 stars. Came and sat on the terrace and it was so lovely. Had a couple glasses of wine and tried a bunch of dishes. Everything sounded amazing and I will definitely have to come back to try some of the other items. We got the rainbow salad (grains, nuts and veggies). It was outstanding. So simple and clean. Could have used a little more salt. We got the grilled octopus. The flavors and other components of the dish were uber delicious, but the octopus itself was overlooked, chewy and burned in some places. There was a small completely charred tentacle in there that looked like a rat tail... gross. Had the butter fish, which was cooked perfectly. It was amazing, but the sauce broke and we were surprised that it was still served to us like that. Lastly, the charred peas, which were a nice side dish, although a little boring. I feel like this place could be epic. It has all of the right things, the execution is just a little off. Lastly, the heater outside on the terrace was intense. Recommendation to management to maybe put the setting a little lower.
4	Shining reviews from Yelpers all around. Echo and Rig impresses in many ways, but also falls flat in a couple ways.Awesome:- Location. Tivoli Village needs life and luckily, people like E&R. It's a beautiful place to be once you're inside. Though the upstairs is a little too... airy? I'm not sure what I'm trying to say. It needs something to not feel like a hallway inside the Bellagio.- Bar/lounge downstairs is also a pleasant place to be while you wait to be seated. There's a nice selection of drinks at reasonable prices. - The portobello mushroom fries are a must-have. Probably the one item we wanted more of.- The prices of all the cuts of meat are more than reasonable. There is quality to appreciate. The prices for any steak lover will be sure to amaze - but with some fine print. I'll get to that.- The menu itself is concise but diverse enough to please. There is something for everyone.- On a summer night, I imagine their balcony will be the place to be.Not so much:- I said the prices of the entrees were more than reasonable and that's mostly true. But after we got our plates, it seems like we literally just paid for some meat. There's almost nothing else on the plate but potato chips! This leads me to...- Presentation. Come now. A place that has this much hype cannot be serious serving meat on a small plate with a side of chips. It's just thrown on a plate and kicked out to you with little thought. This cheapened the experience for us by quite a bit, surprisingly.- Maybe that's what it's missing on the inside that makes it hallway-like. An attention to detail that's just missing. The aesthetic is not finished yet. It doesn't do any justice.We would certainly be back, but to be a 5-star spot their presentation needs to be thought through. We just didn't think it's acceptable to serve such uninspired-looking main dishes regardless of price.
1	This place has been mentioned quit a bit in the food scene in summerlin, maybe because of low menu prices. You get what you pay for. The room has a real cold feel to it almost like a high end cafeteria. Service is a little sub par both times we were in. The food was average at best and that's being nice. So much better quality around town. And if you want a great butcher shop check out the butcher block.
2	With all the good steak house in Vegas, I will not be returning. My Filet was over cooked & bland. Server brought me the wrong coctail twice. My sides were cold & atmosphere feels like a cafeteria.
5	Found in Tivoli Village, Echo and Rig is a meat lover's dream.  Come here for the slabs of meat you can buy, stay for the delicious dishes they serve.  Echo and Rig will have your taste palates running wild like Hulkamania and your stomach bursting like the chestburster from Alien.  A few of us went on a Friday afternoon.  Our friend's wife's cousin was the Executive Chef at the place.  He wanted to stop by and say hi.  We all followed and thought it would be best we stuff our faces at this place.  From the outside, you can see the various meats hanging and placed around the freezer room.  It was a sight to see.  When we went inside, the butcher welcomed us with open arms.  Not only was he super friendly, but he was super handsome (just like me).  He kind of looked like James Purefoy (from the t.v. series Rome), but with more facial hair.  Man, I'm probably way off with the look.  Maybe he sort of had a Brad Pitt-esque facial structure.  Wait...why am I talking about him?  Let's talk about meat...no....not his meat, I'm talking about the restaurant meat!So, James Purefoy (we'll just name the butcher that) led us into the freezer room and schooled us on the different types of meat on each animal, how you can combine each part to make something delicious, and told us some other fun facts.  Did you know Vikings used every single part of the animal?  Thanks for the info, James!As we left the freezer room, he began to give us a little history lesson about Echo and Rig.  While he dropped some history on us he gave us some samples of headcheese and liver.  It was my first time having these delectable delights.  Actually, I can't say they were delectable before trying them.  The thought of headcheese and liver made me dry heave.  However, I summoned enough courage to try them out and it wasn't bad at all.  The liver tasted a little salty, but I was able to down it no problem.  The headcheese tasted just like ox tail.After Mr. Purefoy entertained us, we were escorted to the upstairs patio area for lunch.  We were served by the most pleasant waitress I've ever come across.  Kind, gentle, sweet-- just like me on a first date.  My friend's cousin gave us appetizers on the house.  They were portobello fries and fried cauliflowers.  Man, hmm...hmm!  The sauces that accompanied these fine appetizers were also great.  I've had portobello fries before, but this takes the cake and smashes it in everyone else's face.For lunch, I got the grilled cheese.  The grilled cheese had short rib, white cheddar and parmesan in it.  My first bite was ecstasy-- the gooey cheese was pure bliss and the short rib was nothing short of fantastic.  If I had 20 hands I'd give this sandwich 20 thumbs up.  And don't get me started on the chips that came with the sandwich.  The freakin' chips, man.  I need to wipe the tears from my face because I'm reminiscing about the good times I had with those chips.  I'll be sure to pour some liquor on the street because I do miss those chips. Echo and Rig is the spot for great food and a euphoric atmosphere.  Check the place out because you won't be disappointed.  And I should point this out, just because Mr. Purefoy would want us to:  support your local butcher!!!!
1	Heard such wonderful things and could not wait to check it out. I would say it was the worst dinning experience I have had to date. The staff was not knowledgable about anything on the menu. We ordered 3 different wines by the bottle and none were available. Unfortunately the staff told us that they removed the marbling out their meat???? Enough said!!!! Bad night!
5	This place is one of the best steakhouses I have ever been to in my life. The only other two that could really rival it are Mastro's and Chi-Spacca, both in California. What I love about Echo & Rig?1. GRASSFED - They're steaks are grassfed, which makes them incredibly beneficial for your health. In addition, I honestly think this is the only steakhouse in America where you will find dry-aged, grassfed steaks. 2. TOMAHAWKS CUTS - They're steaks are GIGANTIC, often preserved in their original forms. 3. CUTS - Amazing selection of cuts, including many Kobe steaks available. Lastly, they have a beautiful patio, with outdoor seating, for those who want a little more sunshine (or moonlight). I'm absolutely in love with this steakhouse. It might be the best one in the world. Happy eating!
5	I'm updating my four star review to five stars because of the consistently great service we've had on every subsequent visit.  The food/menu remains great,...and the servers we've encountered are great...most recently, Cindy, at yesterday's brunch.  This has become our "go to" place and the servers (including the petite dark haired woman with the ponytail, whose name escapes me at the moment) are one of the primary reasons we'll continue to enjoy E&R.
4	The restaurant has no reservations we got there on a Saturday night at 6:15pm was told it would be 45min till we got seated the 45min passed asked how long it would be hostesses said another 20min another 20min passed and were told it would be another 30min becasue there was a few large parties. After waiting another 30min we finally were seated. The courses were being brought to the table at random times our salads were given with our entrees the waiter forgot some of our appetizers till we reminded him. The food was delicious everything we had was cooked to perfection however my plans for my Saturday night was not to be in a restaurant for a total of 4 hours by the time we left the restaurant it was 10:15p. They need to be a little more organized and definitely need a reservation option.
4	OK so after four visits now... Two on my own at the bar, one with friends at a table in the dinning room, and one with the SO at bar, it is not a fluke.  Tivoli actually has a great restaurant.  I have had the rib eye, ehhh too thin of a cut for a ribeye...  salmon, really good, although a bit salty with the rub, and the spencer which was OMG.The sides are amazing; grilled octopus, i could eat this every day, portabello mushroom fries, as good as everyone says..  brussel sprouts with pistacios, who woulda thunk?  The broccolini is so good the SO was hands in feeding his mouth lol.  I actually like sitting at the bar over the dinning room, they have fabulous bar tenders.  I just love this place and I am thrilled they are walking distance from my home :)
3	Went again for hubby's bday on 1-27, really awful experience. Fiasco with ordering drinks, both beers that were ordered weren't available, sangria was different than on the menu. Then sever ordered wrong cocktail. We wouldn't have even known at first but the drink runner told us when she auctioned off the drink. Server seemed to be new or maybe just uncaring And even a tad aggressive with us. At one time, pointing and loudly stating " your new drink will be right out" hey man don't be mad at us since YOU messed up. I don't remember his name but he had a stalky build and bald head. When I was inquiring about the sauces he rudely interrupted me and said " we don't have bordelaise" so I asked what thy had and he told me to " look on the menu they are listed there". Thanks-- for the umm, "service". The director of beverage came over and was very nice but the server really needs some training. What a difference from our first experience, just goes to show how important service is. As for food, I was not feeling well so I can't personally say but everyone else seemed to enjoy. We had to leave a little early because of my illness, not sure if we will be back or be able to recommend any longer.
3	The positives: atmosphere was comfortable and very nice. Mushroom fries were ah- mazing! Unfortunately the negatives outweighed the positives: was told we had 30 minute wait, and after being told 5 times " your table is being set up" we finally got seated after 65 minutes of waiting. When seated, we waited 1 hr and 45 minutes for our food, which came out like warm. During this time, we were told from someone that they were working in our meal next- seems to be a general theme. Waiters were unprofessional, arguing with each other right in front of our table. Will not be back. The whole experience costed us 3 hours.And to top it all off- one of our friends got vinegar poured all over their back from a waiter - accidentally of course. And there was no apology given- just a wet towel offered.
2	To sum it up: great food, but worst service in town for the cost. Will not return.  I almost feel bad for the skilled chefs working so hard in the back, only to have the front of the house destroy it.First impression walking in was great. Dry aged meats hanging everywhere while a butcher chops away at carcasses.  We were told seating will only be a matter of minutes, but after hearing that many times, an hour went by before finally seated. When the waiter introduced himself, he also introduced the long list of steaks that we could NOT order. Really?? How are they out of steaks?! Anyway, this carnivore will not be stopped, so luckily I had a variety of interesting body parts to choose from. I have no problem raving about he food. When available, everything tastes amazing. BUT the wait staff completely overshadowed it with horribly slow service, arguing in front of the table, and just when we thought it couldn't get any worse, vinaigrette was dumped all over the back of my friend. A manager came by and told him, "oh, it doesn't look too bad?" Umm, that's because we've already scrubbed him down with napkins. He offered to pay for dry cleaning...which was a nice try, but what do they expect him to take his shirt off, or worse yet, come back to pick up dry cleaning money? Look, damage is done, comp his meal at least.In the end, we just couldn't wait to leave. We arrived at 6:30, seated at 7:30, got our meals well after 9, and still couldn't get out before 10pm. After requesting a check many times, they brought out complimentary desserts (which again, the food was great) but at that point, a bandaid can't patch up a severed limb. Too little too late, let's just put this one behind us.  Good thing I had excellent company to experience this with...great trials make great stories!
5	The food and service were both amazing! The flat iron steak was cooked perfectly and paired very nicely with the red wine demi.
5	Great Menu, Really cool place, and amazing service. This place is an awesome steakhouse, but even if your not a red meat eater they have a great selection of seafood and other options on the menu. The wine list is large and our server was so knowledgeable about everything on the menu which makes the experience that much better. The octopus in delicious, and we got so much yummy food and wine and our check was half of what it would have been on the strip.
2	Been here at least a dozen times and let me say the food ( depending on the cooks on duty ) is awesome! But the service will leave such a bad taste in your mouth that you'll probably not come back more then once. As for myself I'm probably not going back for awhile in hopes that management gets it together. Till then I'd suggest Honey Salt instead. Food is just as good if not better and the service is great.
5	Spraggle!!!  You heard me right, the food at Echo & Rig is spraggle!  This is one of my favorite spots for the $$!  I have been here a few times now and each time I have been completely satisfied with the excellent quality they consistently put out and the reasonable price.  I'm not saying that it's my favorite steakhouse, but again, for the money, it is certainly one of the best around!They are a butcher and a steakhouse.  This makes for a unique feel as you enter, but there's more... The steakhouse means that they have several regular cuts of meat on their menu all the time...the butcher part means that you can order from the shop to-go...but it also means that several additional cuts are available routinely that are not on the menu but sold per ounce.  Steaks are seasoned well and cooked beautifully.  I would not hesitate to order with confidence any cut that you fancy on or off the menu.The real standouts for me are the small plates.  They have 30 different veggie and small plates that range from $5.50 - $9.30.  On this list you will find such taste-bud copulations as Grilled Octopus w/ Gigante Beans, Bone Marrow Carne Asada, Maryland Lump Crab Cakes, Asparagus & Fried Egg, and their now famous Portobello Fries w/ Aioli...start with these, then venture out to the Sweetbread Nuggets, Steak Tartare, Brussels Sprouts, and Mussels Mainiere...Looks like I need to try more of their veggies next time!If you are here with a group of 6 - 8 you might want to see what Ribeye Tomahawks they have (or if you happen to eat on your own like a Thunder Cat.)  This cut receives nice flavor from the bone and marbling, and slices up nice to share.  All of their steaks come with the option of the following sauces: Blue Cheese, Red Wine Demi, Green Pepercorn, Bernaise, Charred Onion, Horseradish Cream, or Lemon Chimichurri...I'm a succker for the more traditional Bernaise.E&R is a great place to take a date and share some of the small plates...or come with a group and order by the ounce!  Did I mention that they don't have a corkage fee here?...well they don't, so bring in your favorite bottle of vino.They also have some incredible looking Happy Hour prices, but I have not sampled any of these options. I have however tried the wonderful boutique hand creams in the restrooms, and I'm a fan!...hey Echo, let's keep some hand towels in there though ...2 out 4 times you've been out...Come here for remarkable food for the price point!Come here with a group open to sharing and trying a lot of options!Come here for fancy hand creams in the bath room!Come here and close-the-place-down drinking wine at the bar while conversing with the most stunning woman you know!Come here for a trendy date spot with a modern distressed interior!Either way...you should come check it out!#200thReview  #OnlyTakesMeThreeTimesAsLongAsNelsonQToGet200Done
5	My fiance and I just went here for our anniversary. Oh my gosh...how did we not know about this place sooner?We both got the Spencer steak with blue cheese dressing. The waiter (whose name escapes me now) was excellent. He asked me several questions to help me choose the cut of steak I would like based on my personal preferences. The blue cheese sauce is amazing. The garlic mashed potatoes were not bad, but they were definitely an afterthought during the meal because the steak was just too good. We plan on coming back for brunch and getting some of the juice! The grilled cheese and late night cheap hot dogs are also on our to-do list.
4	I love this locals butchery/steak spot! Quality ingredients,  great beef, and the price is right. The pink salt on the table is a nice touch, and if you really want to ball out, the patio is the stuff. Gorgeous fresh air views. However,  I've noticed that their excellent dining room service suffers on the patio. But, overall, its a great meal when you feel like a carnivore, don't want to break the bank at Morton's etc.
5	My wife and I tried out this place last night.  It was a nice find.  The layout is upstairs and downstairs which was a little strange but space is a premium.  The service and menu was awesome.  Most steakhouses you will drop an easy $100 / person, it was refreshing to go one in the city thats not trying to rob you.  They serve 1/2 glasses of wine so we were able to try 6 different wines.   Had the bacon, crab cake, pork belly, Kale salad, and turtle sundae.  Everything was very flavorful.  The only thing that could of been better was the seasoning of some of the dishes.  We will definitely go back.
4	I can not say it is as good as it gets. We always enjoy ourselves and believe the service is excellent.The food is good. The steaks off the menu are okay. They are not great. The sides are amazing. The Brussel Sprouts, the Kale, the mash potatoes, the french fries (really mushrooms) are fantastic.
5	I'm seriously in love with this place. It's probably my top 3 favorite places to eat in Vegas. Now I heard through the grapevine that Echo & Rig is from the same creators as Bottega Louie in DTLA, and being a native Angeleno, this restaurant is a staple in your life. I have not confirmed this, but the portobello mushroom fries are the same exact recipe to a T. So I'm hoping this is true!! Typically I just come here and order a ton of shared plates with my crew, so here are my suggestions: Tomato/Watermelon salad, roasted broccolini, asparagus & fried egg, brussel sprouts (these are lemony and light, excellent summer dish), burrata, portobello fries, bone marrow carne asada (brilliant), garlic shrimp. I would not recommend the mac & cheese because it was kinda dry and a little bland. I've also tried the mache roasted chicken salad and the sea bass (sea bass was great, if you like a little salty). For wine I tried the Echelon chard, which was not impressive, but Stratton Lummis "The Riddler Lot 4" red blend was excellent!!  I've sat upstairs and the service was incredible. I've sat downstairs @ the bar and the service was incredible. Last night our server was a bit odd, she did mention she was new, so I cut her some slack. But she didn't know which wine was which or what was in the blends. Aren't y'all supposed to be training your servers to know the wine before they serve it? Also, she snatched our ID's out of our hands after repeatedly asking for them when we already had them out on the table, and the third or fourth time she came around failed to ask us if we wanted another glass of wine (when our first ones were clearly finished). I get it - you're new. You're forgiven ONLY because I love the food, atmosphere, views, and music so much.Echo & Rig = Bottega Louie. Happy native Angeleno Vegas transplant!
5	First time here and have to admit that I was pleasantly impressed with the service, knowledge of the staff and attentiveness. Got the Fried Spinach Salad, awesome, by the way. Sides of Burnt Peas with Garlic and the broccolini. Decided to order the T-Bone porterhouse steak (31oz) to share (wasn't on the menu, waiter showed us the daily cuts). Paired with red wine. Dinner was exquisite. Ambiance and overall experience will make me come back for more.
2	Food was great but the service was awful. Don't think I will ever go back. But if you go  try the portobello mushroom fries they are great. The steaks are good but if you order medium expect it to me more medium rare. Even the well done steak had pink in the middle. Just really disappointed in the service.
3	Happy to give this place another chance! Tried it out for brunch today and they are well on their way back to being what they were. We were greeted not only by the host but also the chef in the butchery...we explained that we had not been in a while but heard there was a new management team so we wanted to come back. They were both grateful. We were quickly sat outside the patio has the best heaters in town...I wasn't cold once. BottomlessMimosa for $16 is a great price...I'm not a fan of the Wycliff but add enough orange juice and it's fine. Short rib hash was an A+ but the rest of the breakfast was just good.Can't wait to go back for dinner and get a steak....that's what this place is about!
4	The food here is delicious (def if your a meat lover).  The portobello fries are super good.  I like how they have seating at the balcony (super romantic).  The ambience apart from the balcony is a little strange, it reminds me of a school cafeteria.Service was good and would definitely come again cause the food is that good yo!
5	I can't speak any higher about this place! I visited from out of town (dallas) and celebrated my birthday at random at this restaurant. I don't usually yelp but I was so blown away by the food, atmosphere and service that I had to right a review. I'm in the industry and so I have high standard offood & service.....Sam was an awesome server. If I could recruit him to Dallas I would- Totally professional and knowledgeable. Steaks were tender and cooked accurately. Charcuterie shouldn't be missed! Especially the mousse de foie pate...OMG.....I'm going to have vivid dreams about that stuff. A meal I will never forget!!!
5	It seems I always end up running errands on Saturday and after a long day of getting in and out of the car, loading and unloading groceries, washing the car, getting gas and all the things working professionals have to squeeze in on their day of... Echo and Rig is right there about the time my feet hurt and my stomach growls!I went again this Saturday and had the usual, exception service.  There are a few new items on the small plates (which is pretty much my "go to" and any restaurant)  Last time when i didn't write a review I tried the steak  tare tartare.  This didn't have the traditional egg on top and was actually a really well balanced dish and treated more like ceviche with pickes as the acid source and noticable, large pieces of cracked black pepper (took me by suprise with the first "crunch")The second new item I tried on this last visit was the Sweetbread!  OMG!  I will be ordering them again when I go back with friends on Friday.My only question now is can I get a table for 8 for 4 diners? LOL!  I love the small plates so much I know I'm going to end up with at least 12 plates plus wine/drinks on my next excursion.  :-D
3	Well, I was extremely pleased to see that executive chef Sam Marvin took the time to reply to my post from shortly over a month ago. Needless to say I've always raved about the menu at Echo and Rig and being a local in the hospitality business ( bartender on the strip) I always take the time to inform my guests about great food. Chef Marvin's reply was an unexpected gesture that has made me willing to try the restaurant again in hopes service has improved. Ok so last night we returned to Echo & Rig in hopes of a better experience and let me say they DIDN'T disappoint! Let start by saying the fact that the two hostesses are always above and beyond they've remembered us by name which is a nice touch and are always smiling and always helpful to our needs ( we have 3 little ones ) Then we so lucky to sit in Ricky's section ( 2nd time we've been served by him ) Ricky remember us from our last visit and welcomed us back. Knowing the kids can be uneasy and impatient at times he asked if we'd like to get the children started and took our appetizer and cocktails order as well. Like I've stated in my previous post we've been here many times so we know the menu so ordered our main course shortly after as he poured us water. Food as always was amazing and I can't say enough about the services as it was the best experience yet! Echo and Rig has restored our faith in the service and we'll keep spreading word-of-mouth to all our friends and family about this wonderful overall experience.
5	Happy Hour Review: I have only come for their Happy Hour, which is 3-6 every day and 10pm and after Mon-Saturday.  Ladies get a free specialty drink of the day (crazy!) and guys get a free double upgrade on premium well drinks.  I had the E&R hot dog for $1.  It is a short stumpy hot dog with sauerkraut and mustard on it.  Anne L. had the shrimp cocktail for $1.99.  Warning these are the baby baby shrimps haha... But you honestly can't complain for two bucks.  The steak and egg is $1.99 (this one looked bomb.com)  I wish I ordered that.  Everyone was really nice to us and our bartender Scotty was super nice and fun to talk to.  He even played Splashy Fish on my phone with me haha.  Such a great happy hour I was really surprised it wasn't packed.  I guess it just depends on the night.  I can't wait to come back and try their dinner.
2	Let me start by saying I only take the time to review a restaurant if it's worth reviewing.  That being said, Echo & Rig, culinary-wise, might just be in my top 3 favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Their downfall is 80% of the staff and service! I started going there a couple if months ago and my first experience was amazing!! Since January I have been back AT LEAST 10 times and have been disappointed most of those times.  I return because the food is THAT GOOD (that is, IF I receive it, or if the kitchen staff cares to sear the meat right). First time I went, it was during lunch.  The server was casual but his recommendations were spot on.  Lunch was delicious and server was helpful friendly.Returned several times after that (a couple nights back to back).  There are two evening hostesses that ALWAYS remember us, which makes us feel welcome.  However the staff upstairs acted too busy or were overwhelmed with tables.  Only a few times we were offered bread when we sat.  Offered the cuts of the house only once since I've been there.  Once they mixed the sparkling water with the still water.  Found a hair in our soup and they did nothing but take it off the check, did not offer a replacement or an apology.  One waiter made us feel bad about not ordering an alcoholic beverage.  Waiters seem rushed or impatient.  Management seems unconcerned.  Complained to a manager who did absolutely nothing and appeared completely uninterested.Went for lunch once and, I kid you not, there were approximately 4 other tables there.  Ordered the Portabello Fries (YUM by the way) had a view of the kitchen and watched as it sat for 30 min while I ate the rest of my meal, all the while the cooks, waitstaff and management walked past it many times without a single person commenting who's dish was sitting out under the warmer.  Also asked for a coke, which didn't arrive.  At the end of the meal (fries STILL up in the warmer) I was presented with a check that still had the fries and coke.  Mind you there were only 4 other tables present. Also have issues with getting my table bussed, usually plates pile up before someone comes and clears them.  Also they'll take your silverware before you're even done.  Positive notes: food is amazing.  Flat iron steak is my favorite and 9 out of 10 times it's seared right and cooked perfectly.  Portabello fries are always a favorite, Carne Asada bone marrow delish.  Love the grilled octopus but every so often it's tough.  Black spaghetti used to be my favorite until they changed the scallops to mussels.  Crispy bacon is decadent.  Ultimate BLT was one of the first things I tried and nothing short of amazing but have had it since and it didn't quite measure up (the bread seemed old).  Decent wine selection, white sangria is tasty, cocktail selection is ok.  They used to have a chaucuterie board that was really good but I no longer see on their menu.  Downstairs has fresh squeezed juices that they should put at least on their lunch menu, I am always curious about them but never know what they have.  Steaks are amazing, I have had several different cuts and all are tender and delicious (they should be, they're a butchery!) and prices are great, especially compared to a steak house on the strip.  All their meats or all natural grass fed.Have been hesitant to return because of service, have returned solely because of the food, only 2 stars because of overall experience.  This restaurant definitely deserves better.
4	ok hope this one sticks around for a bit....tried Echo and Rig by default, since Hops and Harvest closed and Poppy Den not open for lunch anymore...booo!really glad we tried it, wonderful experiencea bit early for steak, so we enjoyed drinks and a few small plates on the patio/balcony for a nice lunchhad the bacon, Portobello fries, bone marrow Carne Asada plates to start with to accompany our drinks....nice mixology!the bacon was just ok, not bad, but nothing specialif you are a mushroom fan, make sure to order the Portobello fries, can make an entire meal out of these. they do them spot on here, not overly done, just right!the bone marrow carne asada was good, a bit different with lime and cilantro flavors, but good none the less!we then decided to at least try a dish, so went with the butterfish.....again, a home run! prepared just right, and the fingerling potatoes that accompanied them were spectacular....yeah, never thought I would rave about a potato, but these were prepared so they retained a bit of crispness and sweetness, almost like an apple!finished off our meal with an apple pie sundae and the dark cherry one as wellour vote would be for the black cherry....we will definitely return!thanks for choosing Tivoli Village guys, need more like this
3	Was here a few weeks ago and had an exceptional time so we went again.  Arrived kinda late (10PM) and the hostess was very warm and welcoming.  Unfortunately the service beyond getting sat was the main issue throughout the meal.  The server would leave the table for extended periods of time and we had to flag him down  for beverage orders.  Were told they ran out of Bread... so no bread service.  Clearing for each course took a long time.  The entree arrived and they forgot our cheddar mashed potatoes!  Then told by the waiter it was the food runners fault for not communicating to us they were out of that as well..?  The server seemed kinda rushed to leave for the evening and it was apparent during service.  He did buy us a glass of wine that he said repeatedly he paid for by himself for the inconvenience...unfortunately it wasn't the wine that i ordered....The manager touched the 3 tables except ours in the restaurant.  Mgmt Feedback:  Always attack issues with the tables and deal with the problem head on.  Don't avoid addressing issues in the dining room.The 3 Stars goes to the hostess and the food at echo and rig which is OUTSTANDING!   We want to go back but I am afraid of the inconsistencies in service.
2	2 hour wait. I was expecting a wait, but 2 hours was a bit much. Was it worth 2 hours? Definitely not, sorry to say! I would think that with my hunger and grumpiness I would like anything I ate, but that was not the case. On a positive note, I liked hoe the butchers were cutting steaks and you could talk to them and sample some sausages and such. Personally, I am not a sausage fan and did not like what they had to sample, but I believe my hubby liked this sampling. I liked the displays of meat and opportunity to interact with butchers. Once we were seated (pretty area upstairs by the way), I already knew I wanted the rip eye cap and the portobello fries so I was ready to order. Well, come to find out they were out of the rib eye cap! At that point we had to ask for recommendations. I was a little confused by the steak choices. They had rib eye steak on the menu and rib eye steak that you buy from precut slices that the butchers were cutting downstairs. Apparently there is a difference in the quality of them. There is also a difference in the price, major difference. I just found it weird. I mean options are great, but this was a little bit too much for me to decide. I think they should just stick to whatever they feel would taste the best. The waiter almost made the rib eye from the menu sound like something I could have bought myself at the supermarket. He was really "selling" the ribeye/steaks that were brought out raw on a platter. Maybe to some people they would appreciate this and it did remind me of my experience at Gordon Ramsay Steak, but the prices were almost the same as strip prices for those cuts of meat. It almost felt like we would be making a bad choice if we chose the steak from the menu. Again, why not just have one type of meat on your menu?He claimed the fish was brought in from fisherman that same day and I did not understand how that is even possible?Based on the waiter's recommendation, I ordered the slow roasted short ribs with castelvetrano olives, celery, walnuts, and horseradish. I'm not going to lie, these toppings did not seem like they would go well with short ribs, but the waiter was saying it was excellent so I got it. The olives, celery, and walnuts literally looked like they were sprinkled on top after the short ribs were cooked. I don't think raw celery, uncooked olives, and chunky walnuts compliments short ribs at all! I was hoping it was maybe chopped up small and possibly cooked in some way. I've ordered short ribs often at restaurants and just never saw it made this way. It was presented on a piece of paper and board (similar to how a charcuterie would be served), also weird. I think of short ribs as having a yummy sauce that you would want to pair with mashed potato or rice or something to enjoy the sauce with and some sort of cooked veggies. Instead, the sauce was dripping off of the paper. Weird presentation. My husband's ribeye steak was good and so was the mushroom. He also enjoyed the bone marrow (I did not try it) and I liked the portobello fries. The waiter was quick to move around and seemed to be good (except for his recommendation).Overall that short rib and the long wait did not leave me wanting to come back for more.
1	Awful service. I only would have given it a 2 because its nice to look at. But its way too hyped. If youre going to do fancy and simple do it right.  Its quite pricy for the portions.  And i think that any place that specializes in meat should at least cook a med rare steak right? And we got a charcuterie thinking it was going to be good. But the pate was not spreadable and everything was flavorless and tasted the same. Bleh!!!!! Lastly open kitchen means I can see your asses eating from the service station. I saw ever server, runner, and busser stuff thair face and then not wash their hands.
5	I am not sure how they have such amazing quality ingredients (and chefs) for such low prices.  This is a great find away from the strip.  Not really a tourist place, and that is definitely a good thing.  Absolutely worth checking out.
4	Great steaks at great prices.  Decided on 46 oz tomahawk USDA Prime Ribeye.  Lost about 10 oz to the huge bone and another 4 oz to fat.  Considering this is a butcher shop/restaurant, I didn't expect to find so much fat on the steaks, especially since they sliced the steak in the kitchen.  Ordered medium rare and steak came rare.  This is fine by me, but might be too bloody for others.  Minus 1-star for the fat and cooking temperature.  Portobello mushroom fries were good.  Next time, I want to try their thick cut bacon.  E&R gives out free sparkling or flat water to the customers.  Nice touch.I'm glad I got to experience Sam Marvin's food before a huge hotel/restaurant takes him away.  This place is not convenient unless you have a car.  If I lived here, I would be here at least once a month.  Once this area gets fully developed, I expect even more crowds and a greater wait time.  We lucked out and got seated within fifteen minutes.
5	This is my favorite place to go.  I go there about once a week.  I cant get enough of there Spencers steak with macaroni and cheese.  They also have a great selection of wine.  We try something different every time.I heard that there brunches are excellent will update review once I make it there
5	Great first experience, grass fed beef and Pink Himalayan Sea Salt... Service was fast and very knowledgeable about the menu! We will come back...
5	Love this place.  Excellent food, good service and endless mimosas make this a perfect brunch spot!
5	Loved this place.  Being here over 5 times in the past 2 months.  Everything in the menu is great.  Not only good, but price is even better.  They even let you bring your own wine without cork fee.  All the steak is grass fed, loved this place.
5	I think I have been to Echo and Rig at least 20 times now if not more.  I've now brought about 10 other people all raved about the food and service.  I'm not a big "steak person" so just keep trying the small plates and my last dinner we had a couple of real carnivors and they said best steak ever and are bringing their friends and clients!I just returned from a light meal with a friend and was served by Bobby, one of my favorite waiters.  Great service.  no wait and he lets us pick on him mercilessly with an always good sense of humor.Bobby was a redhead the last time I saw him and now no hair... so ask for Bobby on weekdays code name "Mr. Clean".  LOL!
5	A favorite of mine because of the exceptional food, service and ambience.  Great weekend brunch w/short rib hash or hanger steak w /chile pepper.  Steaks include unique cuts cooked well and presented in nice proportions.  Patio overlooking Tivoli Village is fun for people watching.  A meat lovers paradise you can visit the butcher shop and bar downstairs.
5	This is my forth time coming here and every time I'm here the food is delicious, the service is excellent! The ambiance is very pleasant!
5	Such a cool restaurant!! This is a perfect collision of class and fun.  They have a great happy hour and unique menu items that are reasonably priced. I highly recommend the portobello mushroom fries. There are a number of different seating options that give the restaurant a new feel depending on where you request to be seated.
3	I wish I could give this place 5 stars.... I came here right after they opened. Ate at the bar and had the steak sandwich which was AWESOME. Next time, I brought a friend and decided to try some pasta dish. It SUCKED. In fact they burnt the pasta and it had to go back. This is after I waited 45 minutes for the dish. What this has going for it is very good quality meats. The downside is the INCONSISTENCY. Some of the waiters and bartenders are good, and others horrible. Last time I sat down at the bar, hungry and thirsty after a long day, the c*nt bartender ignored me because gossiping with a waitress was more important for her. When a customer comes in, your job is to give them a menu and take a drink order ASAP. Get it?  This is not a place I would consider for any important date or business dinner again. They have a good idea, but execution is clearly a problem here. I have a suggestion for management: you are a f*cking steak house. So hire some REAL waiters. Not bimbos based on looks. And get your kitchen in order. Try to be a real steakhouse like Peter Luger etc. You have the potential, and this town needs it.
1	You'll wait to be seated. And you'll watch others who don't have reservations get seats before you. Then you'll ask for an explanation. You wanna hear it? Then go!P.s. Did not eat here
5	There are simply not enough stars for this restaurant.We had brunch here. I had the short ribs hash and some of my friend's salmon Benedict. Both tasted really good and the ingredients were fresh.  Their portobello fries are to die for.  The service was nothing short of excellent. Kudos to our very wonderful server, Nan!  Needless to say, I will be back!
5	Hands down, one of the best restaurants I have ever been to!!!!!!!!
4	Great food. Chopped salad is filled filet mignon, black spaghetti is full of great seafood and the butterfish is fantastic. Bartenders can be hit or miss. Small plates/sides are also hit or miss (Brussel sprouts were not good).
4	We dined here on 3/25/14 for my wife's birthday.Let's Begin!Atmosphere:  It wasn't crowded; very nice.  Super clean and visually relaxing.  I love the smell of their California Red Oak smoking in the distance.  Beautiful decorations, even the bathroom was impressively decorated; they offer sugar scrub soap for your hands!Service:  Justin served us that evening, and serve well he did!  He made awesome recommendations regarding salad-entree pairings and suggested a great porterhouse cut for myself.  Our glasses were always kept full, he never forgot one thing he promised and always seemed to be no further than earshot when we needed him.Food:  My Posterhouse was cut within minutes of cooking; it was seasoned and cooked to perfection.  I was very pleased with the high quality taste and fat marbling; you can't beat grass fed...didn't even need sauce (I recommend the spicy horseradish and green peppercorn).  The steak comes with a stuffed mushroom, which was good, and fried potato chips; I was so full from my 24oz porterhouse I didn't even notice the sides.  One of the best tasting steaks I've ever had.Price:  You get what you pay for here, no foo-foo frills like the food on the strip; here you can get locally sourced game meat that's been dry aged before your eyes...and that's the standard for pretty much all the meats.  The Red Oak used to cook the meat is a real plus as well; it yields exceptional flavor to the food.(2 9oz Filets, 1 24oz Porterhouse, 2 salads, 1 Portobello Fries, 1 cocktail, 1 iced tea = $170)  Perks:  During "Happy Hours" they offer $1 house made, all beef hot dogs using their dry aged beef and $2 steak & eggs, using their dry aged new york...you can't beat that!  They do offer meats from their small butcher shop downstairs near the entrance.  Tip*****Try and avoid on the weekends unless you have great patience; wait can easily exceed a few hours, especially towards the evening.
5	I think I grill up some pretty bomb steaks but this is our new go to place for steak.Happy Hour is great for small bites and drinks. Bartenders are knowledgeable about bourbon and whiskeys which helps when we want to try something new.Ribeye is the way to go, tomahawk if you have a big appetite like me. Every side we had was great...carrots, garlic mashed, cauliflower. If your one of those crazy vegans, the Butternut Squash Ravioli is killer. Service has been top notch every time.Oh and the Carne Asada Bone Marrow, Coronary Bypass here I come but with a smile on my face.It gets busy at times and they don't take reservations, so saddle up at the bar and have a Kentucky Peachtree while you wait.
4	another great visit. went for drinks and bites late afternoon/early evening.small group of us, so we were able to try a quite a few different platesportabella mushroom plate always great. the butterfish was a hit as well.flat iron steak a good inexpensive choice, nice recommendation by waiter.asparagus and egg....funny but worked. mac and cheese, can't go wrong.bacon plate, again good, not spectacular (in lieu of missing pork belly).watermelon salad was nice and refreshing and the butternut ravioli was nice tooonly slight miss would have been octopus salad, would probably pass on next timedidn't really care for the devils chicken either (in lieu of duck....boo!)for dessert, we had the berry shortcake, good, but not outstandingsalted caramel sundae......this was a hit....not sure if we liked better than the dark chocolate cherry, but next time we will do both for side by side comparison!One drawback, I know we went on a Monday, but they seemed to be out of a few dishes again. missed out on the duck confit, which we were dying to try and the pork belly, which the waiter recommended only to come back to tell us they were out ofthink it would be nicer if the wait staff were fully prepped as to the items on the menu which would be unavailable that day. we went around 5pm, so its not like they just ran out. would have saved us from a few disappointmentsin any case, a nice visit again, this place is definitely on out fav list!
5	By far, the best butcher shop in town. Top quality meats from top quality farms. If you don't feel like cooking the best steaks you can buy, go upstairs to the restaurant and have a great job.  Definitely order the Portobello Fries... those are awesome.  Could be a trendsetter. Any of their sandwiches are fantastic... The BLT and Porchetta sandwich are my favoritesThe crown jewel of the brunch menu is the short rib hash. The real specialty of Echo & Rig is the butcher shop.  Not cheap, but by far, the best quality meat you can buy in Las Vegas. Makes the BB or VM&W look like Walmart's meat case by comparison.  They also make their own pate, sausage and other charcuterie which changes daily. Always something new or unusual you don't see anywhere else.  Butchers will cut to order just about anything for you as long as they have it in stock.  If you want super thin sliced shabu-shabu style, or a 50oz (4-5 inch thick) bone in ribeye... they will cut it for you.When I ordered pork chops, the butcher went back and brought out a whole side of pork, then broke it down by hand and hand carved some 1.5in thick rib chops, rind off, but fat ring still on.  Just incredible when grilled over oak charcoal.  The fat from the Niman ranch pigs is so rich and flavorful and is very soft to the bite. Whereas supermarket pork chop fat ring can be tough and hard and usually have to cut it off at the plate.Definitely buy their hamburger patties... because it is ground from their prime steak trimmings after cutting the steaks for the restaurant.  Usually always available.
3	I have heard that people who love their meat say that this restaurant is phenomenal. For those that like fish and vegetarian, this restaurant is just ok. I am not impressed. I have been here 3 times already, hoping the next visit would yield something that speaks of 5 stars, yet NOPE.. not even close. The food is greasy... really greasy... the sea bass was dismal! The salads are mediocre. The desserts are average. I go out a lot to top restaurants, esp on the strip, so I can easily say that there are way better restaurants than this one, unless, I guess, you are a major carnivore? Tivoli has much better choices, in my opinion, if you are looking for a four or five star restaurant.Sadly, and I go back to this, the sandwiches are so greasy that health is the last thing that should be on top of your list. I will not likely be back a fourth time.
3	When we arrived we had to wait for a table for quite a while. This was understandable because we had a large party of about 10 people. We enjoyed drinks at the bar downstairs until it was time to get seated. We were seated on the patio  and immediately brought complementary sparkling water and delicious appetizers due to the long weight. The patio was nice but it was a little cold outside. The server was knowledgable and attentive. She offered to bring out a meat plate, but we decided to pass. When we got our food everything looked and smelled amazing. The only complaint I have would be about the St. Louis ribs. They were very dry and Unenjoyable. We were there for a birthday party and after dinner the server brought the birthday boy a complimentary dessert and sang him happy birthday. Overall the restaurant was clean and well decorated. The wait was pretty long and I was not expecting that due to the fact that we had reservations. I gave this three stars because I would have been much happier eating somewhere else .
5	Short rib hash amazing! , great brunches here .. chorizo not on the menu but hanging in the butcher's window .. a simple request and chorizo was whipped up by the staff for us.  Love the thick cut bacon and potato cakes we had as well.
5	Fantastic lunch... Nicholas was spot on for all of his recs. the tomahawk steak was cooked perfectly, and the carmalized onion and horseradish sauces were good compliments. Portabella fries are a must try. And: beers, appetizers, huge steak, sides, dessert and coffee all ran us under $180
5	Where to start with perfection?!  We were here in March for a worldwide catering convention and had this restaurant recommended by someone. We had 9 people in our party and were sat next to the kitchen and could watch, and hear, all the action on a busy night. Don't remember all that was ordered but as chef was announcing the order to the kitchen he stopped and made a comment to the kitchen that this was the perfect order, we all had ordered nothing more than medium rare. We started out with the portobello fries and sweetbreads and as a professional chef, with 2 other chefs at the table, they were excellent!  Several at the table had never had sweet breads before and are now huge fans. Dinner couldn't have been better with the steaks cooked perfectly and flavored exquisitely.  Well done chef!  Having been in both the restaurant and catering business for over 25 years I understand the importance of a well trained and enthusiastic wait staff. I think that the service and professionalism we had were among the best I have ever had, I trained for 3 years in Europe at several Michelin star restaurants and they could learn from the server we had. I will recommend Echo and Rig to everyone and will return often!
5	Yum!  Gave it a try for lunch and I am glad I did!  The server, Mykkhul, was an awesome guy.  I gave it 5 stars because of him, and we will be back to try other things on the menu!
2	I like tivoli so im working my way around to all the restaurants. First impression is that they put a crap load of money into this place. The space is unique and fresh. 5 stars for ambiance,but i'm not rating for that alone. I had the skirt steak sandwich. Ok first suggestion,ask the customer if he likes a barely dead cow served to him before you do it. If this meat was any rarer I could have hung a bell on it and called it bessie. Next time ask. so basically that ruined my whole meal, F for that. my dad had the breakfast plate looked like anything you could get at a 7.99 joint. No jam served ,weird. couldn't find server to get any either,frustrating.so i think the bill was somewhere in the area of 60 bucks and i was not pleased at all with what i was served. The waiter was working on his david copperfield act,he was very good at it too,he disappeared and never returned. I had to ask the very helpful hostess of all people to get what was needed. I may try again but probably with so many untried places I wont be back soon. Next up..Poppy den :)
4	Directly from McCarran to Tivoli Village after a tiring 5-hour flight from Newark, we figured on Happy Hour.  It was shortly after 10 p.m. on a Tuesday, and I didn't expect our restaurant of choice to be closing up.  But the bartender there said that Echo & Rig was going to be the only game in town.  I'd been wanting to try it, so actually was happy with the suggestion.I sure wasn't about to scarf down a full meal, so we sat in the bar area.  Happy Hour had just kicked in, and our first waiter told me that there's a ladies' drink and it's free.  What could be better than free?  I think probably lots of things.  The drink, with muddled strawberries and what tasted like grapefruit juice, was so tart that I was puckering up like a fish.  The bartender said there was another drink, a Black Betty, that I could try.  It was a rum concoction with pineapple and OJ, but that, too, was way too tart.  Maybe these drinks solely exist to get ladies to order from the regular drink menu??  Speaking of which, said menu has wines available by the glass, bottle, and HALF-glass.  Half a glass of wine??  While the size of wine glasses has grown in direct proportion to the price of an entree at a given restaurant, the contents has shrunk just like your favorite roll of toilet paper.  I imagine half a glass of wine will equal two sips.  The waiter recited the Happy Hour menu - shrimp cocktail or steak and egg(s) for $1.99, or a hot dog for $1.  I didn't think any of that was going to hold us, so we ordered one steak and egg, an onion soup to share, and a hanger steak sandwich.  The steak and egg was a cute little plate, with a child-size steak and a single fried egg.  Not a lot to eat, but hell, it was 1.99!  We both loved the onion soup.  I was surprised to see the hanger steak sandwich served on a baguette-type bread, something that is so hard to come by in Vegas.  I just wish the bread had the crusty crunch that a baguette sandwich should have.  The steak was on the rare side of medium, and the fresh spinach was good.  But it was all soooooo unnecessarily salty that I didn't enjoy it as much as I could have.  I would have also appreciated a lot less salt on the otherwise-delicious chips that came with the sandwich.The bartender, Jeff, was a delight.  He took over as our waiter, and sat down with and went through the entire menu for a future visit, letting us know which items he particularly recommends.  And they weren't all the priciest, either.I got to see the dining room upstairs when I passed through it on my way to the Ladies' room.  The dining room - and the outdoor patio - are beautiful, but the bathroom is gorgeous!  Loved the granite trough sink and the salt rub, which price I forgot to check out in their store.I definitely will go back to check out the regular menu, but next time will try to have them ease up on the salt.
4	Ate here with a group.  While everyone else had steaks, I had the chicken.  It was very tasty and my friends enjoyed their steaks.  I thought it was an odd choice to pair steaks with... potato chips lol  We ate here in December so they may have changed that.
5	Ask for Jackson !Make it Tappis style with great assortment of small plates!!!I'm not a big steak person but love their small plates. !!!
3	I am torn writing this review because there is so much potential for this restaurant.  The food is amazing, the butcher shop is priceless, and the prices are reasonable.  My problem is with the staff.  I have been to this restaurant over a dozen times and, in the beginning when the restaurant first opened, the staff was very attentive and concerned that customers were taken care of.  I can't say that anymore, especially in the bar.  I stopped at Echo and Rig recently to buy from the butcher shop.  It was only 4 pm.  I ordered the sausage I came for and went to have a HH drink. The bartender  -- a blonde woman -- was at the far right end of the bar talking to ladies intimately as if they were her friends. I sat on the left between two women and waited. Then, another woman sits down to the left of me and the bartender comes over with a drink already made for her .. walks right past me and says nothing. Apparently, another friend. Then she walks past me again, not even a glance! Eventually, she comes back to talk to the new woman who is definitely a friend. I interject, asking about HH. She tosses a flyer to me and keeps walking.  It's not busy at all so I'm beginning to think it's a girl's bar .....she was laughing with the ladies at the end of the bar.   I left. Got my sausage from the wonderful butcher and went home.  I won't stop going to this restaurant.  But will only go for the butcher and for the food but, I won't be sitting at the bar any time soon.  I've heard similar complaints about the wait staff in the diningroom  from friends and I'm hoping beyond hope that it isn't true
5	Loved my late lunch here last week.  Had the Brussels sprouts and broccolini as starters followed by tri tip.  Delicious from start to finish,  great atmosphere and service.  Can't wait to return.
5	Went to Echo & Rig soon after they opened and after being in the business as an Executive Chef for 35 years I could see the amazing potential for the place even though there were a few mishaps during that visit. We did sit at the bar because as I said we were checking the place out and glad we did because we were very well taken care of by Jeffrey; a class act bartender.We returned yesterday for a friends birthday and to our pleasant surprise Jeffrey was still there (something you don't see much in this town;longevity) We had a variety of dishes and all were perfection.I am happy to see the place making it and that can only happen with great management and equal staff which brings me to the only flaw I could see and which was only too obvious. A female bartender who was sooo loud and very close to obnoxious that it threw the perfect balance of the restaurant way off. We were very glad her shift had ended soon after we sat down.Bottom line; great food, great bar and a cut above most anything else in this town right now.
5	Meat Meat MeatThe Echo experience is one that is a must try. Tivoli has had its fair share of unique eateries that have all had some sort of cool new age fusion or a gimmick thats tried to separate itself from the rest and failed. Echo & Rig has also gone down this path but has succeeded.The layout is a bar and butchery with a outside seating area downstairs. Upstairs has your dining area.There are plenty of reviews of echo & rig so I won't spend all day writing a review telling you the ins and outs but you must know this.1) It's a steakhouse with a butchery, this means the cuts of meat are pretty decent. 2) The service is 9.5 out of 10And 3) Its kinda of an upscale kinda place, dress nicely. It isn't a flip flops and singlet kinda of place.Ok yelp said it was a $$, but it's a nice steakhouse, I'd probably say it's a $$$And not the $$ given.
4	I went to Echo and Rig on a Friday night around 6:30pm. We were greeted by the friendly hostess and she took our name. She said that it would be a 5 to 10 minute wait. So me and my date sat in the lounge, as we sat down the cocktail sever approached us and asked us if we wanted a drink while we waited to be seated. We waited no more than 5 minutes to be seated. The server greeted us within 2 minutes of getting to the table and asked us if we wanted some thing to drink. I ordered a porter, but I came to find out that they were out of it. I am not a big fan of mushrooms but many yelper said that you have to try the portobello fries and they are right. My date didn't want to try them and even she was amazed my them. I ordered the filet medium rare with the onion sauce. I would have to say that the steak was amazing by itself and it does not need any sauce. I ordered the Mac and Cheese as a side and there was nothing special about it. The service was probably some of the best that I have had. The server was on point. I wish I remembered his name because I would ask for him when I go back. I would have to say that Echo and Rig is probably one of my favorite steakhouses in Las Vegas.
3	Really enjoyed our trip to Echo & Rig Wednesday nite. Perfect weather to sit outside, upstairs on the patio overlooking the fountain. The portobello fries are everything that you've read about, but don't forget to get extra sauce.  The cauliflower side is uniquely prepared and delicious.  The Mac & Cheese was also pretty good, and the wine selection was plentiful.  Only misfire was that our original waiter, who seemed only slightly annoyed with our modest order (it was already 9:45!) dumped us off on another server and, while we've become accustomed to this from time to time in the industry, always there's an explanation prior to having a new server approach the table.  Still, highly recommend a visit.
5	Another great meal at echo and rig !  Gentlemen you may want to ask for Nina!   ( you significant others will still want Jackson!).
5	If I could give you 10 stars I would! Thank you for going above and beyond for my family's special dietary needs. You've help make one special young lady extremely happy with her diminished ability to eat out. Everyone's meal was perfection. Your service was superior and the experience was amazing. We'll most certainly be back!! Thank you so very much!
5	A couple of weeks ago our niece was visiting us from Boston, so we decided to try Echo & Rig.  We sat upstairs in their dining area where my husband truly enjoyed his reign in a king-like huge comfortable chair.  Our server Nina was extremely knowledgeable and quite friendly.  We chose our cuts of steak and proceeded to order the Portobello Fries....can I say DELISH!   Each one of us truly enjoyed our steaks and the many sides that we ordered.  Our niece,  who frequents many high-end establishments in Boston was quite impressed!  We are very pleased that we decided to go to Echo & Rig.  Toward the end of our dinner,  the Manager Beth stopped by our table and introduced herself.  I found that to be quite pleasant.   Our compliments to the Chef who cooked our mouthwatering steaks perfectly!
5	Chef sent out a sample pastrami sandwich on my last visit.  SMART MOVE!   It was delicous.  Home made pastrami and not real salty but uber-moist and quite tasty.   Not the mile-high deli version but actually more to my liking.My dining partner and I enjoyed it so much by the time our entrees arrived, we were full!
4	30 minute wait for a patio table on a Thursday.We thoroughly enjoyed pretty much everything we ate, but the standout by far was the delicious "Grilled Octopus, Gigante Beans, Green Olive Vinaigrette".  We ordered this as an appetizer while waiting in the bar.    It was so good that we ordered another one as part of our meal.We sat in a nice corner table on the upstairs patio, which is where I'd recommend sitting if you want something on the somewhat romantic setting;  the atmosphere inside was too open and felt more like a place for a group dinner.Their specialty cocktail with jalapeno was disappointing to say the least; it tasted like a ton of sweet and sour mix with a dash of spiciness thrown in....the flavors didn't meld (I was hoping something more like The Spicy Pear cocktail from  the Union Kitchen & Tap Room in Encinitas; now that is a specialty cocktail).  I'd definitely recommend this place, but I personally would steer away from their specialty cocktails.
5	The food is pretty wonderful! We had everything to share so we could try more of the menu: Caesar salad, grilled octopus w/ gigante beans, green olive vinaigrette, pork belly w/ white grits, bitter greens and apple cider sauce, portobello fries w/ herb aioli, the drunken goat sandwich, and the bavette steak MR. We also had a glass of champagne and a bottle if white wine. Happy belated-birthday lunch! :) Also, the server Naan was amazing! She was very knowledgable about the menu and gave us some good recommendations on her personal preferences.
5	To clarify the hours, the restaurant upstairs is open until 11. There is a bar downstairs with only a few late night  food specials that is open until 1am.This place is carnivore heaven. With a butcher shop downstairs, you can get pretty much any cut of meat you want.I love and appreciate the fact that Echo & Rig displays what farm their meat comes from. This is huge, I wish all restaurants had this level of transparency.Echo seems to source meat from smaller organic or all natural farms, something I am very happy to see and happy to pay a premium for.On my first visit here I opted to share a massive 48oz porterhouse with my friend. When it came out pre-sliced I was worried, but all was good when I took a bite. It was properly rested before cutting, and so much easier to eat that way. I'm now a fan of this style.The steak was perfectly cooked, well seasoned, and good enough that it has brought me back to Echo & Rig many times.This is now the place I crave after too many visits to Veggie House or when I need a little more (ok, a lot more) protein in my diet. All the main dishes I have tried here have been excellent. I have not been disappointed with a single one. A few of the side dishes were less than spectacular, but even those were not too bad.Some of my favorites are the Portobello Fries, Charcuterie Platter, Friend Spinach Salad, Lamb Porterhouse Chops, and of course all the steaks. You can't go wrong with any piece of meat here.The no corkage policy is awesome, I hope it is here to stay.
5	awesome place great food also great for get togethers very inexpensive as far as partys go I had the best going away party here thanks Nicole everything was great!
3	Echo and Rig is located right at the corner of Tivoli Village as you enter the valet round-a-bout. It is conveniently close so you can easily just jump out and get your car parked for you and head on in. I went on a Monday evening and it was surprisingly really busy but despite this, it didn't take long at all to get seated, aprox 10 min. The hostess was very nice and our servers who introduced themselves by name were very well knowledgeable in the menu and gave some pretty good recommendations. We had the misfortune of being seated on the second floor close to an open door on a cold and windy day and right in front of the busy kitchen so it did hinder the atmosphere a little. The entrance is completely visually open to see all the meats hanging in the windows and according to the server they feed their cows only grass and keep them free of steroids and fresh! We ordered the broccolini, steak tartar, lamb, and berry short cake sundae. The broccolini was okay and was slightly overly charred with a bit too much ground pepper, and the medum rare cooked lamb was pretty chewy and dry. The steak tartar was delicious and the ice cream was pretty good as well. While inside I also took note of the head manager who was often at the cashier, overlooking operations, or talking and joking to servers. She made a trip to literally every single table around us, greeting guests but never once took the time to look upon our table or even greet us which disappointed me a little. At the time, every table was full of older crowds more in their 40's and 50's so it may be because we were the youngest (mid 20's) inside and taken less seriously as their older guests. This disappointed me a bit and I probably would of had left a smaller tip if it wasn't for our very nice server and host. Service is key in a fine dining restaurant. Over all I recommend this place, food servers are good, food is tasty, and the price is decent for a finer dine!
3	I've dined at Echo & Rig 3 separate times. Twice was for brunch, which was amazing and loved sitting outside on the upstairs patio. The service was great and the waiter/waitress were so pleasant. But yesterday, I decided to go to their Happy Hour. I had heard about the great specials, especially the $1.99 Steak & Eggs and Shrimp Cocktail. While there were 2 bartenders, one of them seemed to be designated to getting the drinks for the waitstaff. While the other was strictly serving sitting at the bar. My boyfriend and I were 2 of maybe 6 people sitting at the bar. Not ONCE did the bartender ask me if I wanted another drink, while my empty glass sat there. And each time I tried to get his attention, he must have been in his own world and seemingly ignored me. He also carried on all his conversation with younger bus boy behind the bar with him, who hovered waiting to grab your empty plates/drinks before you were even done.I do enjoy the food, but the service at the bar left me with mixed feelings. I think most people would agree who enjoy sitting at a bar over a table in the dining room, that a friendly attentive bartender can truly make your experience great.I felt that I was a nuisance for having to ask for my drinks/food. I do hope they focus more on customer service at the bar.
4	Make sure you sit outside, the dining hall inside is extremely loud. After a little mix up with out order (which the manager took care of right away) the food came out at a reasonable time. The stakes were good but we ordered the Mac and Cheese (its my Girlfriends favorite food) and OMG it was incredibly good. I came for the stake but stayed for the Mac and Cheese =D
3	After glimpsing over the online menu a few times, I was super excited to meet my friend here for girls night out yesterday. We arrived around 7:00 and expected a wait since it was Friday. We were seated at a smallish table that wobbled and a bus buy was immediately sent over with shims to fix it. Perfect. The waiter explained the menu, offered his recommendations and we were off to a normal Las Vegas steakhouse experience.... Until the service sputtered and crashed. Interestingly our section started clearing out after we ordered so I can't say it got busier for them. The first issue was the bread we were told about never came. Fine. We had the amazing portobello fries to munch on anyways. Getting water glasses refilled was a constant struggle throughout the visit. Next, out steaks arrive, without steak knives. I asked for one but my friend didn't think to, assuming they'd bring for both of us. Out comes one steak knife, just one. We ask for another. It comes. She had to remind the server to bring her wine. Oddly, he never asked if she'd care for another glass...? Look, the food is delicious, the concept is wonderful but the staff needs more training. You can't compete in a service-centric town like Las Vegas with mediocre wait staff. I live in the southeast so tivoli village is a hike for me. I'd give the place another shot, but maybe after they've had more time to find their service niche.
3	Came to this place for dinner. Interesting set up they have there. The bar, hostess stand, retail shop, and butcher shop is downstairs and they restaurant is upstairs. Down stairs they have the bar where you can get really decently priced cocktails starting at about $8 which is great since most bars have speciality drinks starting at $12 and up. They do offer happy hour but there are only three food items on the menu so we never tried it. They have a retail store where you can buy products they use in the restaurant, and a butcher shop to buy fresh meats. There's also only one bathroom in the place and it upstairs in the dining area. There is also outdoor patio seating that looks our into the fountain of tivoli village. They also seem to have a juice bar where you can order fresh pressed juices. Side plates are on the smaller side so don't expect to get full off of those. Which is good because it saves your appetite for the main course. Items ordered:Appetizers:Portobello Fries: The best portobello fries that I have ever had! The waiter swears by them. The breading they use is not bread crumbs like we expected. Instead it was a smooth outer shell with a nice crunch to it. The mushroom was cooked perfectly on the inside and not mushy, underdone or burned. The aioli that comes with it for dipping is just the perfect mixture to compliment this fry. asparagus and a fried egg: came with I believe about 4-5 pieces of  asparagus with an over easy egg on top of it. Maryland lump crab cake: about 3-4 pieces on this plate. Pretty goodEntrees:Bavette: good piece of meat not to fatty. black spaghetti pasta: delicious! The broth/sauce was so good that I had to slurp it with every bite! A good serving portion and didn't taste overly fishy. I was a little skeptical ordering this because of the squid ink but it was delicious.
5	This is one of our favorite go-to places for dinner because they have great steaks and sides. The servers will bring out a tray of butch cuts that would put the Flintstones to shame. We stick to the fillet or the skirt steak. They are human sized portions and are prepared at the perfect temperature that you request. Also, they are served with a stuffed mushroom and house made potato chips. However, they get busy on weekends and they don't take reservations so I would suggest going at an off time. Dinner prices are decent for a good steak house. This weekend, we discovered that they have a good happy hour. It goes from 3-6pm daily and when we went, they offered $1.99 steak and egg, $1 hot dog, $1.99 shrimp cocktail and a free ladies well drink of the day. It's good, quality stuff for the price. This is a fun place to go to with friends.
5	Went here late night with my girlfriend. Everything we got was amazing. We ordered the squash, bacon, and octopus dishes as appetizers. We ordered a fillet as well with the red wine Demi sauce. 5 stars all around. And bonus they have a salt exfoliant in the bathroom to wash your hands. Who knew that was a real thing. #classy
5	Excellent service and food!!!!! I took my family for an early Mother's day dinner and although the hope was to dine out on the patio the wind sure did take the enjoyment out of the experience. The staff went above and beyond to try to help us make the best of the situation but in the end the wind won. The staff could have just apologized and rush us out but even though there was an hour and a half wait they found us a spot inside so we could enjoy the rest of our meal. Nina was our server and she was very pleasant. I too am a food server so I tend to have high expectations as I know the level of service I give to every guest and she did not disappoint!!!! The food was fantastic and when the final bill arrived I was pleasantly surprised. What a great job this restaurant has done at quality, value, and superb service. My husband and I will be returning and you can count on us to spread the word about this unique and delightful experience!!!!!
5	Loved our dinner experience here. Hubby and I tried this place out while in Vegas since it had such nice reviews and was a minute away from our hotel. A very nice hostess took us up their elevator (neat!) to our table. It's very pretty inside and I love that you can see into the kitchen. Our server was very nice and went over everything in detail. My husband got the lamb and I got the beef tips, and both were amazingly delicious. It was the best lamb we'd ever had, and the tips just melted in my mouth. Next time we're in Vegas I definitely want to go back and get one of their steaks, as they looked just amazing. And the restaurant is set in this beautiful store venue with very convenient underground parking.
2	Had grilled cheese listed on the menu with three different kinds of cheese - I only wanted cheddar, they wouldn't accommodate me. How can you screw up something so simple and basic as a grilled cheese? Reach for 'one' kind of cheese when you make it? Why was that so hard to understand? I felt ridiculous trying to understand why they couldn't do it? It was a scene right out of "Five Easy Pieces." In the end, I ordered something I didn't want and it was a unpleasant experience all around. I may try it again for their steaks, but as for brunch, I'll pass.  But, the blueberry pancakes I tried off my nephew, was delicious.
4	This is a great location inside Tavoli Village in Summerlin. The building and the decor are visually pleasing. They have a terrace with outside seating that offers a nice view while you are dining.When you first walk up to the door you are able to see the fresh cuts of meats from the butcher shop on the first floor. There is also a bar on the first floor if you want to have some drinks while your waiting for your table.The food was pretty good.The Ribeye was good. It was not the best steak I have ever had, but it was cooked properly and tasted just fine.The Steak Tartar was excellent.The kale salad and the portabella fries were also very good.The service was excellent. The busser and the waitress did very well. The valet attendant even brought my keys to the table for me because they were closing for the evening.The tables out on the terrace have great views of the valley. I would definitely recommend dining here.You also have to try the Sunday Brunch. The brunch menu is reasonably price and the food is outstanding. The Short Rib Hash is wonderful.
4	I was a little turned off by the fact that Echo and Rig does not take reservations so when I arrived there I had to ask why. The owner said because they don't want to rush people out when the next reservation is coming. I get it but they can also reserve a part of the restaurant specifically for reservations.Now on to the food:Watermelon salad- watermelon was juicy, tomatoes were bright and fresh Butterfish- flakey, tender, and the horseradish crust was tasty Fetticune- al dente pasta, fresh tomatoes but completely under seasoned Over the rainbow salad- A lot of flavors going on here but I still felt like something was missing Overall, the food was great and prices were very reasonable.
5	I've eaten at several steakhouses on the strip including Carnevino and Craftsteak, and can say without hesitation that Echo and Rig is by far the best steakhouse in Las Vegas.  I was particularly impressed by their commitment to sourcing food locally, and the selection and  quality of the meat offered was outstanding.  The service was impeccable.  Our server, Brian, was friendly and impressively knowledgeable about every item on the menu which he took the time to explain to my dining partner and I.  The ambience was sleek and modern, but relaxed and not the least bit pretentious.  Shortly after we were seated we were offered the choice of flat or sparkling water free of charge and a tray of focaccia bread with butter was brought to our table.  My dining partner and I ordered the kennebec salt and pepper fries as an appetizer, and  the Jumping Beef and the Bavette as our entrees.  All steak entrees are served with a stuffed mushroom, homemade chips and a selection of as many sauces as you'd like.  The accompaniments with the steak selections is certainly a rare find as most upscale steakhouses offer sides ala carte. We  finished off our meal with a decadent caramel and sea salt ice cream sundae that was more than big enough to share. Every dish was delicious, perfectly cooked and artfully presented.  We had all of that food along with three beers and coffee for  $85.00.  There is no way a meal like that for two people would have cost so little on the strip.  I highly recommend Echo and Rig to anyone who wants a wonderful meal, in a beautiful setting, with impeccable service at an extraordinarily reasonable price.  We will definitely be back.
5	My wife and I were looking for a good steak restaurant away from the Strip and downtown.  Thanks to YELP reviews we have found it.  We had an early supper, arrive around 4:00, so we were seated immediately.  The hostess was sweet and informative about the restaurant.  We sat out on the balcony, nice view of downtown Vegas, though not panoramic due to some buildings.The wait staff were superb, taking care of you as a TEAM, each able to answer your questions equally informative.  The food was excellent.  Especially loved the charcuterie platter and the portobello fries. My steak was cooked to perfection, just the way I ordered, as was my wife's.We would recommend this place above any of the Vegas mainstays and plan on going back every time we are in Vegas.
4	Had a truly wonderful meal, start to finish at Echo and Rig. Our table of 6 ordered a variety of menu options, including a massive tomahawk, the Spencer steak, burgers and chicken sandwiches. The food was delicious and very appropriately priced. Service was excellent; prompt, polite and attentive without being obnoxious or overbearing. Good cocktails as well. It was not an inexpensive meal, but your money is well-spent here, as you get what you pay for. If you're looking for a good off-strip steakhouse, E&R will be tough to beat.My only gripe, and this is minimal, is that they don't accept reservations. We arrived at 7:15 with a party of six and were told that our wait would be anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour. This makes it very difficult to plan an evening if you're trying to get somewhere on a schedule (e.g., movies). They also have a very non-modern system of table tracking that adds to the unpredictability.  With the great bar and cocktails, this is not a deterrent to return, but I will definitely plan accordingly next time.
2	Definitely not the best in Summerlin, we went for brunch and won't be going back. Mediocre service, subpar meals at best - they were pretty good on the phone, after that it went downhill fast. Initially we were seated at a half-set dirty table, I asked for another one. Only one meal was good out of four.I can see how the bar could be  fun downstairs for a drink - other than that we wont be back. As Summerlin locals we find our mainstays and stick to them - so many good choices. This is off the list.
5	We have found that you can't go wrong with Echo & Rig for brunch, lunch, or dinner. Their customer service is on par, and you are always met with a smiling face. Must haves include:AppetizersPortobello Fries --YUM! BrunchEggs Benny Smoked Salmon Unlimited Mimosas..Lunch/Dinner Drunken Goat Sandwich Jumping BeefWood Roasted SalmonThey surely are not skimpy with their portions; you get what you pay for. Overall, Echo & Rig is a fun place with customer service that will not disappoint. Sit out on the outdoor patio upstairs for a quiet date night.
5	My friend and I decided on a night of lusty looks and gnawing on meat as we took in Echo & Rig for dinner before heading over to the Suncoast to see the new Scarlett Johansson feature "Under the Skin"   While waiting for my friend I took a seat at the bar where I was pleasantly surprised to find that they offered the full menu.   Since we were on a limited amount of time (heaven forbid I miss any minutes of ScarJo action) I decided our best bet was to just eat there, and it also allowed us to partake in the final moments of happy hour.   Unfortunately and probably due to a mixture of too much Jack Daniels and just the right amount of ScarJo intake during the evening I don't recall our bartender's name. But he was friendly, engaging, and got our refills and food orders put in with perfect timing.   I heard him make some recommendations on food items to some other patrons, but I didn't need those as I'm a Yelper who does his research and generally knows what he wants to order before ever sitting down at a restaurant.Here's what we went with (everything was shared)1.  Fried Spinach Salad:   This reminded me so much of one of my favorite eats ever, Toro with Crispy Spinach from Izakaya by Katsuya in Los Angeles.  The spinach is melt in your mouth with a great flavor.   A must order2.  Salt and Pepper Fries:  I would have normally gone with the Yelp favorite Portobello fries, but I thought my dining companion would enjoy these more based on her tastes.  Perfectly cooked, but perhaps not enough pepper to really stand out as anything other than a batch of decent salted french fries you can get all over town3.  Brussel Sprouts:  The Yonaka effect.  Ever since Yonaka's version anytime I see these on any menu I want to try them.   These were tasty.   Perfectly grilled with lemon and pistachios.   4.  Then came the star of the show, the Filet Mignon which is billed as "Double R Ranch Sustainable Beef".   It came with a Green Peppercorn sauce on the side which we chose, but honestly it might as well not have come with that at all.   We both took a bite of the meat with the sauce and enjoyed it, but then ate the rest of it without ever putting anymore sauce on it.   I tend to think beef stands on it's own and only needs the slightest of seasoning to make it perfect, and this was a shining example of that.   All in all our bill came out to roughly $80 and was worth every penny.   Now I anxiously await a new Mila Kunis or Natalie Portman feature to be exclusively playing at the Suncoast so I can do it all over again.
4	We arrived for a fairly early dinner (about 5:00 PM on a Saturday evening). When you come in, you are struck by the Butcher shop to your right and the bar area to your left. Both very attractive. We were led upstairs to the patio area. This was an unusual night for Vegas because it wasn't too hot or too cold and it wasn't windy - a perfect night to eat outdoors. The tables were very nicely spaced so you didn't have to hear the conversation of your neighbors. My wife and I decided to share the black spaghetti and a rib eye steak. Because of the rave reviews for their Portabello fries, we decided to give them a try as well. Our waiter let us know the steak would take some time. Not a problem. We told him to bring out the spaghetti first and the steak when it was ready. We waited a pretty long time. The steak came out first, then the spaghetti. The fries came out last. We asked for the steak to be pink in the center. It came out way too well done. We sent it back. It came back a second tome. Again way too well done. However, we decided not to send it back again. Despite being cooked too well for our tastes, the meat was delicious with an excellent rub. Our waiter never did ask us if we wanted one of the sauces available. I only realized it when I heard him offer it to the folks at the next table who were ordering the same steak. Don't get me wrong. The steak was delicious and didn't need a sauce. But it would have been nice to be asked.The black spaghetti was incredible. This was cooked to perfection. There was a good amount of seafood mixed in (mussels, calamari, and more). All in all, one of the best pasta dishes I've eaten. And the portabello fries were incredible. The reviewers who recommended them did not lie. It is worth eating here just for the fries. At the end of the meal, the manager came out and apologized for the confusion on the meat preparation. We explained that while we prefer our meat much rarer than the way it was served (ie pink throughout), we did eat it and enjoy it. However, he insisted on taking it off the bill.Overall, a very good dining experience. I will return when I am in the neighborhood looking for a good steak meal (or a good pasta dish). If it weren't for the errors on the preparation of the meat, this would have been a 5 star review.
5	Our server was Kendra - she was very informative offering recommendations and her favorites.  When we realized we were running short on time she quickly accommodated us by getting our dessert to go.  We had the grilled octopus, fried spinach salad, burrata, and portobello fries. Would order all again! They were all awesome!  We had leftovers and took the dessert to go. We shall return!
5	Fantastic steaks & the service was awesome. Had dinner & also brunch. I liked the dinner menu more but brunch was great too. Portobello fries are outstanding. Can't wait to go back.
5	Favorite place in Vegas. Great food and atmosphere and the prices are really reasonable.
5	Great cocktails and Appies to start off. The patio seating is boss and steaks are fantastic.  Great little gem off the strip.  The bar downstairs has a great vibe too.  Fun place. Will be back for sure.
4	This visit was our first time for Brunch at Echo & Rig. We decided to eat prior to doing our shopping at the Fresh 52 Farmers Market and the Echo & Rig butcher shop. The morning was perfect for eating on the patio. The patio is on the second floor overlooking the fountain at the entrance to Tivoli Village.The description of the Short Rib Hash was too tempting to pass up. The breakfast is served in a large bowl. The Short Rib is mixed with Yukon gold potatoes, onions, herbs, 2 poached eggs and topped with smoked paprika hollandaise sauce. It was a large portion and just delicious. My wife had the Waffle which was a Belgian style the size of a dinner plate and served with whipped cream, maple syrup and a bowl of mixed berries. It was very light in texture, just melts in your mouth.Now we have 3 reasons to visit Echo & Rig, brunch, dinner and the butcher shop.
5	We were having a couple of friends over for some memorial weekend bbq so we wanted to check out the butcher shop for some steaks and charcuterie.  We frequent the restaurant often and always wonder what's going on with all the meat displayed in huge refrigerators near the entrance of the restaurant.The butcher (Aaron) was EXTREMELY helpful.  He suggested a nice mix of charcuterie based on our adventurousness as well as provided some great tips on how to cook the steak.  With our skirt steak, he suggested that the best way to get an even temperature is to flip the steak every minute (vs flipping it once).  He also suggested wines and cheeses that would go well with the charcuterie.  Even wrote it all down on butcher paper for us! He really knows his stuff!Is it a little on the pricey side? Sure, but not more than Whole Foods.  You are getting premium service and products so you def get what you pay for here.
5	On a recent trip to Vegas, I was looking for tasty food that wouldn't break the bank. I found Echo & Rig on Yelp and decided to take the 25 minute trek from The Strip with my boyfriend. I'm so glad we did. I adored my dinner. It was delicious. I had the black spaghetti, watermelon salad, chocolate cherry sundae, and white sangria. Everything was delicious. The spaghetti wasn't fishy at all, the acidity of the sauce balanced everything out. The watermelon salad was crisp and refreshing. The sundae was pretty standard, but still yummy. The white sangria was delicious and refreshing as well. The prices were absolutely incredible as well. I wish Echo & Rig was closer to Los Angeles because I would absolutely visit more if it was.
4	We came here for an easy dinner of small plates and cocktails: Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes & Sharp White Cheddar, Butcher's Sausage (with mustard), and Brussels Sprouts, Pistachio & Fresh Lemon.To drink, he had a bloody mary, and I had the "gin gin echo mule mule." The bloody mary was described as mild, and my drink had all the loveliness of ginger and herbs. I always appreciate the option of house sparkling water, as well.Imagining sizes of small plates is always difficult when you order, but this was enough for the three of us. It's about two cups for the potatoes and for the Brussels sprouts, and then one sausage. Plus a basket of bread and butter. We were set.Our server was outstanding in his kindness. No complaints. We did get the wrong check ($222), but it was an easy correction, and a little humorous.
5	I cannot say enough about this fabulous place! Had my sister visiting from London and friends who just moved to vegas and thought of echo & rig immediately. Needed to impress as I had been before. No brainer. Meal was spectacular AGAIN and service wonderful AGAIN. My guests were so impressed and could not say enough about the quality of steaks so perfectly prepared and the atmosphere casual in a shiek way. My sister living in London has become accustomed to top notch eateries. She says "bees knees" and "tidy Echo & Rig" Thank you to the chef for wonderful food and to our waiter Edward who made our night with impeccable service. You made me shine for family and friends. The only negative was.... we had to leave! Lol
5	Amazing! The voodoo the chef is doing back there in the kitchen is unbelievable. That's the only way it's possible that its so good. Top notch service and fantastic food!
5	Holy Cow! (Literally) easily one of the best dining experiences of my life!I eat very very well, and the food we had here blew my mind.Chef Chris is a magician with food, he's gotta be, insane, and Adam knows his meat.THE SERVICE!!! The best service I've had in years, we had 5 people tending to our one table.Every side, every cut of meat, every salad, every sundae, every drink PERFECT.And honestly very reasonably priced for this level of an experience.  Nicely done guys, will absolutely return when I'm in Vegas.
3	Echo and Rig started out as a 5 star for me, however they have not kept up with the same standards that they had originally started with in both aspects of service and quality. A dinner here will run you about 50pp with drinks and a few appetizers. On multiple visits I have been served food that had been sitting out. I am not one to send something back but had to on my last visit because I could not stand paying good money for what I was being served. The server happily took it back and apologized after he touched the plate and realized that I was right. Regardless....The layout of the restaurant is stunning. When you enter the restaurant you are checked in downstairs where you will find their butcher shop, then walked up the stairs by a hostess where you will find an open kitchen and dining area with a gorgeous patio overlooking the tivoli fountains (Not much of a view, but they definitely worked with what they had).Echo and Rig is a great spot to have a casual lunch with a friend, date night with that special someone, or celebrate a special occasion. I loved the concept that they had going and the different menu items that they tried to push, especially when it came to their smaller appetizer plates but if I had to spend 100+ on a meal I'd look for another spot.
5	I'd been dying to try this place. Now I've gone twice in the past month and plan on being back very soon. Echo and Rig exceeded all expectations! The service is excellent, the ambiance is perfect and the FOOD...Oh my gosh, the food is so good!     They don't take reservations unless you're a very large group, yet we didn't have to wait either time although the restaurant was crowded. We sat on the patio both times and caught the sunset the second time. Beautiful view.   They make excellent cocktails and also have reasonably priced bottled wine. I've also heard they do not charge a corking fee if you'd like to bring in your own bottle.    The Tapas/Appetizers I've tried were all quite special. I suggest: The Cauliflower, Chili de Arbol, Crispy Shallots & Onions, The Brussels Sprouts, Pistachio & Fresh Lemon, The Pork Belly, White Grits, Bitter Greens & Apple Cider Sauce, The Garlic Shrimp and The Bone Marrow Carne Asada so far...    Don't get too full because you've still got a main course to order. I love how the staff brings out the different cuts from the butcher shop in addition to the menu for you to choose from. The manager even gave us his card to call and "reserve" our cut for next time. We've done a Porterhouse, Ribeye, and Strip family style to try everything. All of the steaks were fantastic and I love how they slice them for you. The Ribeye so far is my favorite, it was really something special!    Unfortunately, I can't tell you about their desserts because I've been in food coma heaven after both meals and had no room left to indulge. I'm excited to try their Brunch and Lunch menus soon as well, they look pretty tasty!
5	My favorite spot in Tivoli.  Great food, service is pretty good as well. Bottomless mimosas on Saturday and Sunday. The Steak Chop Salad is great!!
5	I am a huge steak person. I live in LA and I've been to every fancy steakhouse in LA, most of the well known steakhouses in NY and Vegas. Echo and Rig may not be the best steakhouse I've ever been to, but it's up there. What truly impressed me was the value. The steaks and appetizers were as good as Mastro's (both Vegas and LA) yet it cost almost half as much. The service was as good. I've told my wife that we'll be going there every time we go to Vegas.
5	We went there for dinner a few months ago and had the worst service, but the food was really good.  My husband and I agreed that we would try this place again this time in the bar for happy hour! Already from the start it was five stars for price and quality of the happy hour items and drink! $1.99 steak and egg and shrimp cocktail & $1 hot dog.  For ladies, we enjoy the drink of the day for free- today it was tequila sunrise! We decided to try a few other things on the menu we were adventurous and tried the sweetbread nugget.  This didn't sound appetizing when the bartender explained what it was- but once in your mouth it was absolutely divine! Next we tried the bone marrow carne asada- bone marrow was good, tasty, fatty, with carne asada and onions on top with three toasts.  I would have preferred to have more carne asada. Finally we tried all the happy hour items and you can't go wrong with those prices! All were delicious! Our server in the bar was awesome too! He made the experience even better and that's why I gave the full 5 stars! We will be back!
4	I was craving steak so my husband and I decided to try Echo & Rig for lunch.  We have been wanting to come here for a while so we were excited!When we walked in I noticed flies inside. (The only reason it's not getting a 5 star) I just found it bothersome because there were a few flying around. I think an easy fix would be some sort of screens to block them from coming in. The service was awesome!  Our waiter was wonderful at providing great advice on the menu. I asked him , "What sauce would you recommend for the steak"? He said, "All of them". I was a bit embarrassed to ask but I asked if I can have all of them with my steak. When my entree came out he brought out all of the sauces! I was in awe and tried every one of the sauces. I felt like a sauce boss! Lol! My favorite sauce for the home made chips was the horseradish.  The consistency wasn't like what you would find at Arbys. It was cool and thick and had a mild kick to it. Perfect for chips! I always like Bernaise sauce but to get a different taste with each bite I dunked the peices of juicy steak into all the varieties I had in front of me.We also ordered the Brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes with our meal. They complemented the steaks well. I also loved the mushrooms that came with my steak. We ended the meal with berry shortcake. It had fresh berries with citrus shortcake, and vanilla ice cream. It was topped with whipped cream and a candied flower . It was a light dessert that went perfect with the meal!
5	Seriously impressed. Superior quality, ingenuity,  and service. I will go there again and again and take anyone who comes into town.
5	BEST. RESTAURANT. IN TOWN. Forget the Strip. Forget fancy restaurant. Forget places adorning the names of celebrity chefs. If you want delicious food, melt in your mount steaks, amazing service and delicious cocktails, Echo & Rig is where you go. By far the best meat for your money is the Bavette. Delicious. If you're wanting more meat, they sometimes offer a butchers cut of a 36oz porterhouse! All of the sides are delicious, but make sure you try: the watermelon tomato & cucumber salad, the bacon, the octopus salad, the crab cake, and the asparagus with egg. And the deserts. OMG, if you want a sundae/apple pie you'll never forget, they make it here. And order several, because trust me, you want to try them all...and won't want to share ;)
5	Great spot! After several friends recommended that I go, I had to see what the buzz was about. I am so glad I did. We started with cocktails at the bar downstairs, which were fun, creative and delicious! Then we moved upstairs for dinner and devoured almost everything on the menu. I recommend sharing a lot of things so you can experience all the different flavors...and save room for a sundae! We had one of each. Most notably, if you do visit, take time to peruse their butcher shop downstairs. It is rare to find such a place in Las Vegas offering a unique and high quality selection. So when you are done ravaging the menu, take something home for later!
3	I've had Echo & Rig book-marked as a place to try on my Yelp for awhile, and we finally gave it a try today.Came here for lunch and there was no wait.  The layout of the restaurant is nice.  Downstairs is the butcher shop area, the reception, and a bar.  Upstairs is the actual dining area where there is indoor and outdoor seating.  I like how it's very spacious and airy upstairs.The service we got was great.  Our servers were nice and just attentive enough.Now on to the food.  My friend and I ordered:Sweet First Cauliflower - Tasty!  Just had the right amount of crunch and saltiness to it.  We really liked how the sliced chilis complimented the cauliflower.Bone Marrow Asada - A-Ok.  One of the toasts we got was burnt on the end (..BOO! to them for not replacing it).  This was the first time I've had this type of dish before.  I saw the pictures on yelp of others raving about the dish.  But overall it was just OK.. not worth a repeat order.Black Spaghetti - my main dish.  Not quite what I was expecting.  The broth was a bit too tangy for me.  Pasta itself as well as the seafood (which was shrimp, calamari, and mussels) was not bad.  But I was disappointed overall.  Won't be order this again.Trenne Pasta - this was my friend's dish.  Much tastier than mine.  I had no clue what trenne pasta is and therefore did not know it was suppose to be a crunchy texture.  I didn't care for the crunchiness of the pasta but I did like the prime rib eye and tuscan black kale that was part of the dish.Overall - I would go back.  The prices are overall are reasonable.  Staff was nice and the restaurant itself is lovely.  Next time I will order some  kind of steak.  That will be the make it or break it deal of whether or not I will make future repeat visits.
3	Went for the first time on this past Saturday evening.  It was an 'ok' experience.  Didn't know they had patio dining until we were seated upstairs and happened to see people outside.  Hostess did not tell us about seating options.  Wait service was terrible from start to finish, perhaps waiter was just having a bad evening.  He had a 'care less' attitude.. Food was excellent and good value.  We will try it once more before a final decision on the place.  They do not offer reservations by Open Table which is one reason we have not been there before.  Had to wait about 20 mins, if they don't start using OT we probably will not frequent the place.E & R could be a tremendous establishment.  The cuisine and ambiance are outstanding.  If you train your staff to focus on customer service I'd change my rating to a 5.
4	May 31 2014. Called ahead. Said they couldn't take a reservation for 6 people. At 5:30 apparently there was no wait, but when we arrived at 6:30 it was 30 min, not bad on a Saturday. The host crew was friendly and professional. Upon being seated our waiter promptly introduced himself. Bread water, sparkling and still, were served complimentary. Our group experienced a bit of confusion with the menu; what appeared to be sides, the waiter referred to as appetizers and as tapas. The one knock, our waiter seemed to be pushing for the up-sale. He seemed annoyed that we didn't order from the bar and pushed hard for the larger steaks. Some of their steaks were absolutely massive. "Sorry bud, we just ate a late lunch a couple hours ago and were out with the kids so no alcohol, nothing to get annoyed about." We were seated next to the kitchen, lots of energy. In our case it was entertainment, but if you want relaxing request a table away from the kitchen. Our waiter didn't make frequent stops at our table, think we saw him a total of four times including the check. If you are reading this review do decide of you want to go here, I wouldn't let my mediocre service experience stop you. I'm sure it was a fluke as the rest of the staff seemed overly helpful. However it did stop us from ordering dessert. And it may stop me from returning. The food was good, see the photos  for the evidence. Beware, the "Bavette" is a skirt steak. Good, if perhaps overpriced.
4	Butcher shop in restaurant! pretty yummy!
4	The "over the rainbow" salad was spectacular! I was in Summerlin for the weekend and found this gem. I adore steak...but this salad stole the show. I am going to try to recreate this dish tomorrow, wish me luck.
4	Love this place! Great place to have brunch and/or dinner. This is also our go to butcher when looking for a good piece of meat or advice/recommendation on preparation. It's in a nice location out in Summerlin area in Tivoli Village.  Prices and portions are really impressive so it's definitely worth the buck. Their steak tartare by far is one of the freshest and best ones I've ever had. I truly enjoy their short rib hash that's on their brunch menu. Only downfall are options with dessert because I believe all they offered were different types of ice cream sundaes. I personally am not a big fan of ice cream but I do admit I did try their salted caramel sundae and that was delicious! I highly recommend checking this place out. :)
5	In one visit, Echo & Rig has become a place I cannot afford to miss whenever I visit Las Vegas.As soon as you enter, you'll see the place is unique, with a large butcher counter and organic juice bar on the floor level. The people behind the counters are smiling and engaging and are happy to tell you anything and everything about the sumptuous foods they're preparing. That includes where it came from as well as recipes for the specific cut you want.Upstairs, via stairs or elevator, is the restaurant and kitchen. The kitchen is open for everyone to see with about a dozen cooks who really know their stuff. When I visited, the co-owners/head chefs, Frank & Sam, were both there and I got to meet them. They are genuinely nice guys. So nice in fact, they served us a complimentary lamb porterhouse steak, which wasn't even on the lunch menu! This was after I told them I came all the way from Los Angeles to try their lamb. It was so good, I nearly cried.All the food is delicious, we tried things from every portion of the menu: Portobello mushroom fries, burrata (cheese), charcuterie plate (assorted pates and deli meats), pepper fries, arugula salad, cauliflower with spices, the hanger steak sandwich (super good!), and even some of their ice cream desserts. EVERYTHING is made from scratch including all sauces, breads, deli meats, and desserts. They are primarily a butcher shop, so you can expect the highest quality of meat compared to anywhere. Their signature cut of beef is the hanger steak, which is not easy to get at most places because a single cow only yields a few ounces of it. Yet E&R has it at the ready AND at a good price.The service is good, it's much like fine dining with a team of very courteous people flying around the table, each with their designated tasks. The thing that will win you over is the value. You get the same (if not better) food quality you would expect from a place like Spago or Mastro's, but it's half the price. YES, HALF.If there has to be a negative, it's that it's a ways off of the Vegas Strip. About 15 miles (20 min) separates E&R from your favorite Strip hotel, but in light of that, there's a valuable thing I learned by going here. The best food you can find in any city is intended for local customers, NOT tourists. So get away from the sparkly lights and overpriced, mediocre buffets and taste something so good, it might bring tears to your eyes!
5	UPDATE: Look for Bobby in the photo and make sure you ask for "Beldar" if you are dining weekdays.  The staff will roar!  (you have ot see the unfortunate lighting in the photo to understand why this is so funny!)  don't forget to consume massive quantities of food and beverages!As usually I was running around town and ended up hungry and lucked out because one of my favorite waiters was just starting his shift!  Bobby's great because he will interact as much or as little as you like and of course I'm always going to try and yank someone's chain (or tie!) if they have a good sense of humor.Bobby tells me he worked at Ruth's Chris for 20 years!  Echo and Rig is lucky to have him and if you are dining on a weekday you should ask for Bobby.  He will help you consume massive quantities of food and/or beverages if you so choose. (and that's funny if you see how the photo come out!!)
5	Sat at the Chef's table on my graduation night. It was very loud being next to the kitchen, but the kitchen also provided entertainment. We were also given a special meat sampler (since we were at the Chef's table) and everything was fantastic. Our fish and meats were cooked to perfection. The sides were very tasty. All were very satisfied. The service was great, and kept us rolling since we were going to a cirque show after dinner. Bravo!
2	Will give Echo & Rig another try because our steaks were amazing, perfectly cooked and flavored. Unfortunately, the service was not up to par. We dined downstairs, early dinner. We watched as one couple left because there was no server in sight. When  one popped up, we seemed to haven disturb her. Took our order, no follow up, just the check.
1	The customer service at this place sucks.  It was just my wife and I and we were celebrating her birthday.  Our waiter was apparently training another server.  My wife ordered her steak to be well done and she realizes that chef's hate when someone asks for the steak to be cooked well done but that is the way she likes it.  They offered to butterfly the steak to ensure that it was cooked correctly and she agreed.  When the runner brought the meal out, a vast majority of the steak it was medium-rare at best.  She also ordered the Heirloom Carrots which most of them came out burned.  Unfortunately, neither our waiter nor his trainee came out to check on us for at least 20 minutes after we received our meal.  My wife ate the part of the steak that was cooked to her request and some of the unburned carrots.  We both ran out of water and she ran out of her soda and it sat empty on our table for at least 10 minutes.  Luckily, we were sitting in the corner so I reached over and grabbed the bottle of water and refilled both our glasses.  Our waiter walked near our table several times but never checked on us.  Normally, I would have raised my hand and asked for something but after awhile, it became a test to see just how long this guy was actually going to go without even asking how our dinner was.  This was a Saturday night during dinner and I understand that it was busy, and I understand that our waiter was probably busier than normal because he was training the other guy but there is absolutely no excuse for not checking on our table for roughly 20 minutes after the meal is brought out.  When our waiter finally checked on us, I asked for the manager.  I explained to the manager that we had 3 problems, 1) the steak was not cooked correctly  2) most of the carrots were burned  3) our waiter never came by to check on us and my wife's soda had been empty for most of the meal.  The manager left the table to go speak to the chef.  When he returned, he partially apologized but mostly he took the position that the steaks are butcher cut not machine cut so it makes the steak thicker and apparently harder to cook.  This is total BS to say that a chef is unable to properly cook a steak to the customer's request because it is thick, especially considering that it was butterfly cut.  He also stated that the carrots are supposed to be charred but most of them were this way while the others were normal.  The charred carrots were cooked too much and tasted burned.  He offered to take the carrots off the bill but we stated that it would not be necessary since my wife ate some of the unburned ones.  The waiter promptly returned with a soda while the manager was talking to us the second time.  Probably the most shocking thing is that the waiter never apologized.  I expected him to say that he was sorry and that he is really busy tonight but he didn't say anything to us.  There is no doubt that he knew exactly why we asked for the manager.  My dinner was fine so this experience was not entirely negative.  We also expected that maybe they would comp a desert or do something to make the situation right but they did not (although I did decline to have the carrots taken off the ticket).  I realize that almost everyone on Yelp loves this place, which is why we went there but I expected way more.  We spent nearly $100 for the two of us and I realize that it is not the most expensive meal in the world but we should most certainly have a better customer service experience.
5	This place is fabulous! We typically come either Friday or Saturday. As busy as they are, the service by RAMON is always PHENOMENAL! Top notch service. The food is just as outstanding. I love the wasabi crusted butter fish, Spencer steak and the rib eye cap is great. Actually there's nothing that's bad. Calamari is average. The dessert menu could use more variety since all they do is sundaes. Hand crafted cocktails...what more can you ask for? We love this place as our neighborhood restaurant. Upside, no corkage, downside, they don't take reservations.
5	Came here for Fathers day Brunch with the family and was really impressed!  We sat out on the patio and our server was amazing!  She was so friendly and madealot of recommendations all of which were awesome! We had the rainbow salad (love that is almost liked a chopped salad)-lots of flavor and texture and great for the vegetarians in our group, BLT - was delish and had an avocado dressing and thick bacon, goat cheese sandwich was also a big hit with the group and of course we got the salted carmel and coffee sundays both bowel licked clean!cant wait to come back for lunch or dinner.
2	Visited E&R for the first time based on the yelp recommendations but I have to report that my visit did not match what others have experienced.  Went for brunch and was not surprised to see a menu that was smaller than the regular menu, it's easier to serve larger crowds with that approach.  I was surprised however to see only two steak related items on that menu, they are a steak place right?Everyone was nice but the service was terribly s-l-o-w.  Seated for 10 minutes before our order was taken. 20 minutes later for appetizers, add another 25 minutes for the entrees and then the waiter just disappeared while we were eating so drink refills were no in the cards.  Again, a smaller brunch menu should make for a more efficient service.  Two of the five entrees were completely wrong, not even close to what we ordered.  We reported this fact to the waiter, it was corrected but at the expense of another 15 minutes wait.  No offer was made to oom anything, even after we politely voiced our complaints. The food was the only redeeming part of the visit.  Good but not great.  Small portions for the price.  Probably will not give them another try.
4	FINALLY!!! I have been lusting over Echo & Rig since they opened, but hadn't had a chance to visit until this weekend. I'd say that all in all, they pretty much live up to the hype. Echo and Rig is located in a prime location in Tivoli Village. It is a beautiful restaurant.  The downstairs level has the bar and butcher shop, while the upstairs has the kitchen, dining room, and a balcony which also seats diners. The dining area is on the smaller side, but it is all very open and airy.When we arrived, we were informed that the wait was about an hour. Yikes! Granted, it was 7:20 on a Saturday night, but I wasn't expecting so long of a wait. But we were there, we were hungry, and we were not to be dissuaded from our plan. So, we moseyed up to the bar for a cocktail. I enjoyed the Strawberry Bliss, while my companion had the White Sangria. Both of the drinks were very well crafted, and all of the bartenders were really friendly and personable. I always enjoy when I can see them muddling ingredients and putting drinks together with care. My companion made an off-handed comment about the sangria being full of ice and not enough drink (because it was so good), and the bartender fixed him another at no charge! It wasn't even a complaint, and we certainly weren't expecting that.The wait only ended up being about 35 minutes, and we were escorted upstairs to the dining room by the hostess. We were seated in a very cosy corner with the booth portion accented by lots of cute (and comfy) pillows.  Our server, Ramon, was very nice and made some recommendations for us. He was also serving a very large party near us, so service was on the rather leisurely (slow-ish) side.The bread wasn't anything special, but it was soft in the middle, which I appreciated. It was served room temperature.  We initially started our meal with the octopus, which was one of Ramon's picks (he talked us out of the calamari). Unfortunately, it wasn't what we expected and it wasn't exactly to our liking. It actually was like an octopus salad, with white beans and a light vinegar sauce. The octopus didn't have much flavor and was rather chewy.  This was the only negative portion of our meal. We mentioned to Ramon that we didn't really like it, and he brought out an order of calamari at no charge. The calamari was delicious! Hot, lightly breaded, and had two sauces that were equally good.The main course.... STEAK! I got the ribeye, medium-rare, while my companion got the Spencer steak, medium. Both steaks are served with a large mushroom with breadcrumbs in it and chips. The chips seemed rather unnecessary, but they were fine. The steaks... absolutely delicious! They were highly seasoned (if you don't like salt, this may not be the right choice), and cooked perfectly. We also got a side of the portobello fries (essentially deep fried mushrooms). They were very tasty, but I don't know if I'd order them again.Throughout our meal, one of the managers circulated to check on every table and make sure everyone was enjoying their meal, which was a nice touch. Echo & Rig had SO many yummy sounding things on their menu, that I definitely would love to return to try some more of their offerings.
5	We decided to try this restaurant when my in-laws were in town for a visit and all of us were thoroughly impressed. The restaurant was busy and a bit loud but we were seated out on the patio which was quieter so I would recommend sitting out there.I had the filet tips in a flavorful sauce and we shared a bunch of different sides including the cauliflower, spinach, and potatoes. For dessert they have sundaes and the strawberry shortcake one was amazing!I recommend this place for a classy date night and I'm looking forward to going back.
5	Went to Echo & Rig for a quick dinner before attending a performance at the Smith Center. The food at Echo & Rig is always good, but the Spencer Steak was exceptional this evening. The service was also impeccable. Echo & Rig has an exceptional waitstaff and has managers making sure that customers are satisfied. My daughter had ordered a seafood with black pasta dish. She was eating the dish but did not appear to be enjoying it and our waiter noticed. He immediately came over and offered to get her another selection without being prompted to do so. He also made sure the item was removed from the bill. That is the type of exceptional service that separates Echo & Rig from other restaurants.  These guys "get it" with a reasonably priced menu and great food and service
5	Hands down one of my favorite restaraunts in Vegas! Even had my birthday dinner here. Food and service is amazing. The menu is a nice change from your typical steakhouse. My favs are the octopus and cauliflower.
4	I was here for their soft opening and many times since as I work in Tivoli.  Service has been hit and miss in my outings though the bar staff is superb.  Food here is very good.  Part of that is the butcher's attached to the restaurant.   I love that you can buy meat here to take home or just rest assured that your steak is fresh and quality.  Price is a little steep but again, high quality food so maybe you get what you pay for.We spend a fair amount of time at the bar (it's only a problem if it negatively impacts your life!) and I can't say enough good about the staff in the bar.  Stop in, grab a cocktail and check out the happy hour.  Good times to be had.
5	I've never really cared too much about steak houses because they are all the same to me.  It is always an overpriced small piece of meat and some sides that I can easily buy at Costco for a fraction of the price. BUT, I love Echo & Rig! It is an atypical steakhouse with excellent customer service. The prices are great for the high quality all natural meat that they give you. The best part is that you don't have to have steak, there have tons of other options too. Yesterday night I went there for dinner to celebrate a birthday, and everyone was happy with their food. Edward Salame was our waiter and he gave us 5 star service. He was knowledgeable and very charismatic. I got the Trenne Pasta dish, which was tasty. I love their Over the Rainbow Quinoa Salad, chopped steak salad, mussel, and octopus.
5	Amazeballs! The portobello fries are the best! We also had the sweet potato and rib eye. Everything was delish! Cleaned off my plate!
5	Let me first start off by saying I am no stranger to top notch steak restaurants, Echo & Rig is by far the best experience at any steak let alone any restaurant I've ever visited.  From the minute we walked through the door till we got seated was very unique and pleasantly inviting. We were greeted by the manager Robert who blew me away on level of knowledge he had on the details on different types of entrees available on the menu. On top of that he was perfect choice of management for this restaurant being very friendly, very bright and hospitable. Our waiter Edward was just as good, making sure we were taken care as if we were family with a great sense of humor. With the quality of food and atmosphere you would expect to pay at least $60-70 per entree but here we spent nearly half. We live in Los Angeles and come to Vegas at least 10-20 times a year. I will definitely be coming back to Echo & Rig every time we visit Vegas, this place is amazing.
2	Have you ever done something, where you knew you were making a mistake, and then did it anyway?That's how I have to describe my experience at Echo and Rig. Now, in all fairness, my doctor has banned me from eating red meat. I am not a vegetarian, vegan, or health nut. Therefore since I did not try their steaks, my review will be based on my experience of service and hospitality.My wife had been here before, and just said it was "so-so". Why did we go here? Because my first choice didn't open for another 45 minutes, we felt Brio was less than medicore, and the other places in Tivoli were sandwiches, crapes, or Gringo Mexican,  and not real fare for dinner.We were greeted by a very nice hostess, who took us upstairs, and wanted to seat us near the kitchen. Since the place was empty, I asked if we could be seated by the window. I was told that was "a table for four". After I showed signs of leaving, she reluctantly seated us here.Our waiter, Jackson, started out okay, until we informed him we did not want any wine, and were not interested in alcoholic beverages. The "air seemed to go out of his tires", as we were not going to order items that raise the check and the corresponding tip.  After that it seemed like we were "branded" as "undesireables".I told the waiter I was craving a large salad. He suggested the Arrugala Salad.My wife ordered the Crab Cake and Trenne Pasta.The Crab cake was decent. Better than what is served at  The Palm, and far better than what they try to pass off at The Yard House.My wife's pasta and meat dish, was "a cut above" the Speghetti Factory. Pasta was over cooked, and the accompanying ingridients, an after thought.My salad was very disappointing. Poor presentation, and very small portion. Had the waiter, Jackson, said, the salads here are meant for appetiziers, I would have ordered something elese. We also got a nasty stare, when we asked the food server for more bread. The saving grace, was the manager, Xavier. Very polite and doing his best to please. When I complained the Salad was not a satisfying meal, as the waiter told me it would be, he offered to take it off the check. Since I had consumed it, I said that would not be fair. He also offered to have the Chef, "send something out", but by then, the cold feeling we were left with by other staffers who looked at us like, "you're not what we want here", left us feeling unwelcome. Xavier is a good person, and tried to salvage the situation, by giving me his card, and telling me to contact him prior to coming back. I appreciated his thoughtfulness.Again, in all fairness, this place is noted for its meat, not salads and pasta, and my friend Phillip, who I usually agree with, gives it a good rating. However, I was left with the impression that the staff "judges a book by its cover".We were not dressed in designer clothes, and didn't have that trendy look when we walked in. The staff acted like we did not belong, and that's how we felt.My wife might go back with her girl friends, but after getting the feeling that the staff  was looking at me with the thought of, "why don't you go back to the Suncoast Buffet where you belong?", I am done with this place.
5	Have you ever wanted someone to just notice you? I went to Echo &Rig and felt like I was the a Queen! Service= checkHospitality= checkFood= check / fantasticEverything is great- please just try it all!!!!!!!!Everyone treated me like a Queen and I felt great! Thank you, thank you, Thank you!!!!!!!
4	We sat outside... It was 104, but we asked before and they said the spritzers weren't up and running yet. We had a great view of the village. Service was great! The staff welcomed us, our server was attentive and we had at least 5 people say good bye to us as we left. We ordered the portobello fries and they were great...(and I hate mushrooms). We stopped in for brunch and it was a fine meal. I imagine if we had ordered the meat options it would have been better, but that is may fault for ordering scrambled eggs at a steakhouse. Bathrooms were clean with a magical salt scrub!!! Good value and friendly staff :)
5	The restaurant is out of this world but I keep coming back for the butcher shop. They are so knowledgeable and helpful . I was not a big fan of lamb but their Colorado Lamb Porter house chops are so delicious. Can start with happy hour and have a great dinner then take some beautiful cuts of meat home to cook yourself.
5	So so good. Went for brunch and we loved everything. The short rib hash is amazing. The portobello fries are Delish. The fried spinach salad was so tasty. This is my new favorite place for brunch. Great prices.
4	Had the Spencer Steak a few days ago and they got my medium rare correct and it was an excellent cut, on par with a filet.  I couldn't believe how reasonably priced the meal was, $26 for steak and sides! You'd pay $65 on the strip just for the steak.  I'm going to have to make this my Friday night steak place
5	Absolutely loved this place. From the moment we walked in we were greeted with wonderful service. We sat upstairs on the patio where they had just installed new misters for these hot Vegas days. They even asked for our feedback on them, which was a nice personal touch. Food: Drunken Goat Sandwich. YUM. If I see the word Brie, that's what I'm ordering. The sandwich had Brie, goat cheese, thinly sliced apples, cranberry chutney, greens, and some sort of aioli (basil I believe), and came with the apple and fennell salad. All the flavors came together so well and it was absolutely delicious. Portion was big but of course I ate the whole thing because it was great. They are known for their cauliflower which was delicious. It had a little heat to it from the peppers, but it really was the perfect amount of spice, and cooked perfectly. We were celebrating a couple of special occasions which were recognized with some fabulous dessert, the turtle, and the berry/lemon. WOW the salted caramel ice cream on the turtle was some of the best ice cream I have ever tasted.Thank you Nan for the great service, you made our experience an incredible one, and we will definitely be back to try more!
5	Omg this place is good.One of the best dirty martini's I have ever had. Service is on point.I got the rib cap which is on their special Which was just soooo good I felt guilty after each and every bite. The chips they serve with the steak is different but it tastes ok nothing spectacular. The mash potatoes are good as well.The decor of this place is so nice and fancy. I loved it. But the price was very decent and reasonable.
4	One of the best Sunday brunches I have had in Las Vegas. Was actually blown away with how good it was. Have been here few times for dinner and each time has been exceptional but I wasn't aware of their brunch being so good!
5	Absolutely magnificent. I love this place. Family took me here for fathers day and have been back three times since. And best of all the price is right.
4	I had the opportunity to come here for brunch and dinner and both times I had an amazing experience. The service is amazing, the food awesome and the atmosphere is great! We tried the fried spinach which had an interesting flavor, but very good. We also ordered the mac and cheese which was creamy and very tasty. As our main course we ordered the filet mignon and the spencer.     Although they were both very good I would recommend the spencer! Their meat is organic and freshOverall great restaurant! Tip: you can buy fresh meat at a great price!
5	Absolutely the best steakhouse in Las Vegas. But they're so much more, as they also have a full service butcher downstairs. Service was the absolute best I've had in Vegas in 6 years. We were greeted by the manager who introduced himself and who the server would be, Jackson. Jackson probably could be a butcher himself with the extent of knowledge he possessed with the cuts and textures. Very friendly and always offered an opinion on the best choices to make. I should also add the I drink a large amount of water. Most places have a hard time keeping up with my refills. Echo & Rig appeared to have a dedicated busser/drink runner that never disappointed. Not kidding when I say the service and good was top notch. For the food, we had a rib eye cap (8oz), portabella fries, bone marrow asada. All of which were exquisite. Let me put it this way, I will NOT waste my money on a steak from another place for as long as I love in Las Vegas. Epic.
5	I have dined here twice now and I can easily say I am addicted. All of their steaks are from grass fed USDA cattle and are fresh cut daily in the butcher shop downstairs. The menu offers a wide variety of cuts as well as daily specials that are off the menu.  I highly recommend the filet, hanger, of the spencer steak.  The appetizers have never disappointed either.  My favorite from the appetizer menu had to be the lump crab cake, it is a single crab cake, but the flavor was amazing!  The filet chop salad was a must as well, it comes packed with steak and other cold cuts, and a bunch of different veggies for only around $10.  For a steak house of this quality, they prices are very fair. Anywhere else in town I easily pay 2-3x the price for similar quality.  The staff is extremely friendly and on point. We were kindly greeted by the manager when we say down, who knew we were returning guests. Our wait team never let my glass get half empty and they were constantly checking on us to ensure we had our needs met.  Needless to say, go here for a nice date night for any occasion, you will not be disappointed.
4	My family and I thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant. We were celebrating my brothers birthday, and despite not having a reservation, they were able to accommodate our party of 7 adults and 4 kids with no problem. We sat on the terrace, which was quite lovely. The service was great! We are kind of an intimidating bunch, but the waiter did a great job of taking care of us. Being Italian, we order our own dishes, but immediately start passing around bites of everything when our food arrives. The Food:Apps/Small PlatesGarlic Shrimp - This was very tasty! The shrimp are swimming in a buttery garlicky concoction, which we enjoyed dipping our bread in after. Portobello Fries - These little buggers were addicting! None of us could decide if we loved them or not, but they went so fast, I have to say we did. Grilled Bacon - Not that I feel there is anything left to say after bacon, but this was the highlight of the meal! Despite having ordered 3 orders of the bacon, we opted for a 4th, and at the request of the pickiest eater at the table no less!Main CoursesSt Louis Ribs - The rub on these things were to die for! There are several sauces that you can dip it in, and each was delicious. Short rib grilled cheese - Phenomenal! Filet (bone out) - Very well seasoned and cooked. This was the dish my youngest brother ordered. He ordered it medium well, and it came out more medium. He actually discovered that he liked it better that way. Lamb Chops - While delicious, my brother is a big boy, and the serving size was smaller that he expected. DessertBerry Shortcake and Caramel Turtle - both desserts were top notch! All in all, a great night out. We would definitely return!
5	amazing amazing amazing. The cocktails are all delicious. The Portobello fries with the Aioli are so tasty. The brussels sprouts & pistachio salad goes perfect as a side. The quality of their steaks is amazing and you can't go wrong with any cut that you choose. They also have excellent happy hour
5	If you want great food, great drink, and paramount service at a great price, look no further! Echo & Rig should have a sub-name in their title of "attention to detail." Every single recommendation, pairing, and step of the meal process is carefully crafted and they hit the ball out of the park every time we go!  In fact, we've enjoyed this restaurant and it's staff so much that we are going to be having a wedding dinner party there.  If Spinal Tap's amps go to 11, then Echo & Rig's stars go to a 6!
4	Dinner is always awesome! Brunch is ok. If you are craving a steak, this is the place for you. Portobello Fries and Jumping beef are by far my favorites.
5	The service was excellent!! Rib eye was the best and the sides and appetizers were yummiest!  The only sides we didn't like was "burnt peas". They should remove it from the menu. We tried it and it tasted bad but other than that the waiter was very nice to ask us how it was and we told him, it's tastes bad and we didn't like it. So he asked us what we wanted to replace it with... we said "heirloom  carrots!"   The rest was history.  For the price you pay it was very reasonable.  We would definitely come back to Summerlan!
5	Absolutely delicious!!! This was my first time here for a company event dinner and it was a wonderful experience! The steak was amazing and the service was excellent!
5	Tivoli Village has a farmer's market every Saturday morning and since I was in need of fresh eggs, bee pollen and microgreens... and a walk I decided to stop in.... then I remembered how great the Pastrami sandwich was that Chef Sam sent so I stopped in Echo & Rig and lucked out...  Aaron had it in the butcher shop.  I'm not a huge pastrami fan because it's usually too salty and often dry.  Not this stuff!  It's uber-good.
5	From Happy Hour at the bar to dinner upstairs, service was outstanding.  We had the Spencer steak. Delicious. We also enjoyed the cauliflower, calamari, and onion soup. Thank you, Mr. Flores, for your attention to detail.
5	So so good!   Came here today for my brothers birthday with the whole family.  Service was excellent with friendly staff.  Great decor. And the food was seriously amazing!  And considering the high quality of food the prices were very low!  I will definitely be coming back again and again!
5	Beyond amazing and delicious. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were very friendly and funny. The food was absolutely fantastic. The pork belly with grits was killer and the calamari was great too. Having a butcher shop inside a restaurant is such a cool idea and their cuts of meat are incredible. My father ordered a strip and it was the best steak I had tasted in a long time. Can't rave more about this place and would recommend it to anyone. Will definitely be going back soon!
5	This place gets a 5 star rating based off of the sheer value. Rest assured, you will not leave this establishment hungry. I was part of a group of 6, and we were going to dinner to celebrate/mourn my departure from Vegas after a month of visitation (my girlfriend lives here, and I'm on break from school). When we were seated we were greeted by one of the managers (I assume) who did an exemplary job of running through just about EVERYTHING on the menu and what her personal recommendations were. In addition, the waitress we had for the rest of the evening (her name was Nina and was such a sweetheart) was very attentive and also very informative in regards to the cuts of steak and special bone-in options that were available. +2 for knowledgeable wait staff. Our group decided to split 7 appetizers, tapas-style before we each got our steaks. The highlights included Grilled Thick Cut Bacon with Barbecue Sauce, Bone Marrow Carne Asada (beef marrow bone garnished with carne asada, peppers, onions, and crostini...SUPERB), Sweetbreads with pickled cabbage, and Butcher's Sausage, and Portobello fries with herb aioli (pretty much the best fried mushrooms you'll ever have). I'm aware that's pretty much 5 of the 7 appetizers, but they really were all that good.Then came the steaks. As far as steakhouses go, I'm not very experienced. I got the rib eye with a green peppercorn sauce and though it was good, but not great. This is where the value comes in; the VERY reasonable price (35 dollars for NY strip, filet mignon, and rib eye cuts) makes it extremely hard to complain. My steak was also quite fatty (about 1/3 of the steak was gristle), but that is to be somewhat expected with a cut like rib eye. Sides were also excellent (Garlic mashed potatoes and broccolini). At the end of the meal, we were surprised by a complementary desert  of sea salt caramel ice cream and coffee from our waitress for the occasion. It was definitely appreciated.Me and my girlfriend got our steaks and all the apps on our bill. Total cost: 152 bucks....not bad at all for a relatively upscale establishment. Totally 5 stars in my book, I would happily go back again.
4	The food was good, kale salad and the mac and cheese were my absolute fav!  I asked for my "Spencer Steak" medium rare and it came out more like medium well and very fatty but from the bites I did take it was good.The caramel turtle dessert is essentially heaven in your mouth.The only thing I didn't love about this place is if you go around dinner time plan to be there for 2 1/2+ hours, we arrived at 6pm and didn't receive the bill until 8:20ish.Must try!
5	We went for our anniversary and it was the most wonderful dinner we have ever had. The service was exceptional and the filet was do die for. We were addressed by name by every person who worked there that approached us. A Manager came over to wish us a happy anniversary and our server brought us complimentary turtle desert! I can not say one bad thing about our experience. Everything from the hostess, server, manager, etc made our 10 year anniversary amazing! Thanks a million for making our experience so personalized and wonderful and we will definitely be back!!!
5	This place is cool. Butcher blend burger was awesome and onolicious! Garlic potato chips were yummy, just a hint of garlic. Portobello fires and the aioli. The manager Robert was cool and very nice. The waiters were cool as well. You gotta try the Cauliflower.
5	Overall just an awesome place to eat and enjoy a meal with friends.  It has a large selection of steaks and unique side items to choose from on the menu.  The service is outstanding and they are very knowledgeable about every item on the menu.  This place also allows you to bring your own bottle of wine without charging you a corking fee.  Dine inside or outside, this is a great restaurant with great food for a great price!
3	It's was good. The room temperature is super warm, to the point we were uncomfortable. Food was good, but I'm not sure worth the $$. Here in Vegas we have a lot of options and I'm not sure this is one we would return to. Staff was friendly. Food came out at a good pace.
4	Went in for brunch, it was a bit crowded and loud,  but got seated and the waitors came right away with our drinks. I got the file mignon salad.  Perfectly cooked filet and crisp fresh salad.  Had the bottomless mimosas for $16, well worth it.
5	I went to Vegas twice this month, for 4th of july weekend and from july 19-23.  both times i went, it was with large parties.  both times we ate "family style" ordering almost all of the apps and side dishes along with our own dinners. the two times i went, the portabello fries stood out, but every single app was amazing.  we also got a cheese plate that was great.  i had a small extra portion of their homemade sausage.  incredible.  i seriously wanted to order it for dessert.  i had the filet which was... filet.  perfect.  my other time i had the pork ribs which were very good.  although this is a brief review, i will let my 5 stars do the talking.  if you like steakhouses with a twist, food with some flare, you must check this place out.   i have to mention the service.  the two waiters we had during both of our visits were extremely well mannered and knowledgable about every question we had for them.
5	Is it possible to give 10 stars as this place just BLEW my mind and taste buds away. The service was the best Ive had in years and I cant say enough about Robert the manager who greeted me by name at our table explained the menu made suggestions and saw to it our dining experience  was just that an experience. Eddie are server didnt disappoint infact he stepped it up , knowledgeable and very gracious I tipped him 25% and would do more. We had the peach sangeria and dyneyous for cocktails both excellent.  The bone marrow carne asada was a flavor orgy all my taste buds were invited to , the black tuscon kale was hands down best kale ever! The butcher shop pork sausage was also on point. We spilt the spener cut ribeye rare and charred onion sause on the side. It didnt need sause it melted in your mouth however the sause didnt mask tge flavor it enhanced it nicely. I really cant say enough oh other than with tip out the door $100.00 for best service in las vegas and grass fed , non gmo and antibiotic free food!
5	San Diego native on a stink in Las Vegas looking for some of the best joints to eat at that are not on The Strip. Found one! Echo & Rig deliver a very upscale atmosphere with creative cocktails and cuisine. The service was exceptional! When we entered the establishment the Head Butcher Aaron gave me a tour of his spice rack (amazing stuff) along with the craftsmanship he instills in his butchery. Then we were welcomed by the floor manager Derrick with a warm great to see you again family vibe. The drinks were creative but the Dionysus (Vodka cocktail) was the best by far. We started with the fried spinach and kale salads, Very nice and light with great flavors. Our server Nicolas has a great knowledge of the menu and suggested the eggplant fries with the pesto mayo. Very nice! Nicolas mentioned about 75 menu items, I would have been good with hearing two of his favorites from each category but he was prompt and showed care in his work. We also chose the rib-eye cap steaks for dinner with an assortment of sauces. I will say that I wish I would have gone for the bone in rib-eye. The steak was good but not great! Go with the bone-in or filet ( I will next time). On the side was a nice stuff mushroom and some garlic chips that were not memorable. They probably could ditch the chips for something else, garlic mashed potatoes are always welcome on a plate with beef. We also ordered a side dish of caramelized carrots that were very nice. Overall the service was fantastic and I highly recommend this spot. The service is what took this place from a 4 to a 5. Great price point too!
5	We ate at this restaurant last night and had the Tomahawk steak. The steak is usda prime, cooked and served to perfection. We also had the crispy spinach salad that was very delicious. It was not a regular spinach salad, it was flash fried so it's crispy. The server Sam and everyone else were very attentive and gave us excellent recommendation as to food choices and all of it are very tasty, including the portobello mushroom fries. The ambience esp in the patio is very nice. The prices are very reasonable. We highly recommend this place and would definitely come back.
4	Went here for the first time for Sunday brunch. Very impressed! Food is so delicious. The portobello mushroom fries are heavenly. We had a burrata crostini amuse...the best burrata I've ever had. Literally. I had the farmers breakfast - I felt so healthy, not too full afterwards. The veggies were cooked so perfectly. My bf had the burger which he said was the best burger he's had since we moved to Vegas. Perfect flavors from their grill. I definitely want to make brunch here a weekly thing.
5	We went to Echo & Rig for the first time last weekend after frequent recommendations from friends, and it was just as fantastic as everyone said! The atmosphere upstairs was lovely, and the staff was attentive and knowledgeable. There were incredible options on the menu for anyone (not being a red meat eater I was a little worried at first) and the pricing is excellent. Being a GM myself I most appreciated the personal touch of the management staff with Chris at the helm. You could see them stopping in to tables all over the restaurant to check in with their guests (us included) and assisting their staff in everything from setting tables to clearing. I've struggled recently with the level of service around town, but my experience at Echo & Rig was flawless. We will definitely return, and have already begun telling all of our friends.
5	Ohhh Echo and Rig.... I was so sad to miss the dining room menu by about 30 minutes.  I got in to Vegas really late on a vacation and went straight here... but the dining room kitchen had closed.  The only thing available was the Happy Hour menu, and what a MENU!For $1 each, you can select from Steak and Eggs, Shrimp Cocktail and a Gourmet Hot Dog with a nice Cabbage slaw.You may think this is just a gimmick of crap food to get people in the door and drink cheap beer, but NO WAY!  The cuts of steak are the trimmings from the high quality steak they serve of about 2 oz each, served with a perfectly cooked runny egg.  The shrimp cocktail does not skimp in the shrimp and the cocktail sauce is awesome.  And the hot dog, the humble humble hot dot, is done grilled to perfection.  It is a quality hot dog with a great flavor.  Crunchy casing and juicy as hell.On a side note, the happy hour beer selection is nothing to scoff at.  I cannot wait to come back here to try out the full menu!
4	Excellent! So glad we found this awesome steakhouse. The service was outstanding - love that they keep track of who you are and the staff addresses you by name. We sat on the balcony/patio and loved the ambiance. Good prices on quality food. Four stars instead of five only because the food, while good, wasn't the "best I've ever had, can't wait to eat it again." It was good - & for the price probably the best steakhouse in town. Great value. Definitely will return often. Thanks Xavier and Lucas for a fantastic dinner experience!
5	Wow... excellent service, no corkage fee and great food.Went here on a Saturday night with my girlfriend and her parents for a birthday celebration.  Had a reservation and was seated promptly.  The wait staff was very attentive and on top of their game.  My girlfriend and I split the tomahawk steak along with garlic mashed potatos, brocollini and asparagus.  Everything was really good.
5	Delicious...some great apps/small plates along with incredible meats...a must try!!! Try sitting on the patio on a nice summer night... The baked brie in sourdough is a yummy starter!
4	This is a hidden gem at Tivoli Village.  A terrific alternative to the pricey strip steakhouses.  Good atmosphere and the staff was 100% on their game and seemed to really care that we were having a great meal.  I'm not a cauliflower guy, but you absolutely need to try it.
4	My new favorite off strip local steak place!  Unfortunately I can only give a limited review after only one visit.  There are a large variety of starter dishes served like tapas ranging from $5 to $10.  I ordered the bacon, pork belly and octopus.  All good but the pork belly over grits was amazing.  The menu lists a variety of non traditioinal steak house cuts such as tri-tip, hanger, flat iron, skirt, etc all at very affordable prices $20-$30.  I was excited to try one of these thinking how wonderful it would be to find a cheaper cut that is well prepared.  Then they tricked me by bringing by a tray of special cuts.  The tomahawk chop was a giant 45 ounce rib-eye with perfect marbling.  I caved and ordered this to share.  This steak was almost 3 inches thick after grilling which is a challenge to cook if you want anything rarer than med-rare.  It was done perfectly and seasoned very lightly.  Meat taste and quality was very good. I appricate the light seasoning as the quality of meat should stand on it's own...add your favorite sauces after the fact.My only slight complaint is that the chips and stuff mushroom side that comes with every steak was rather unimpressive next to the rest of the food.So in the end, food was great and I'm not done sampling from their awesome menu. I spent way more than I could have but I was able to make steak and eggs the next 2 days and my dog was happy there was a bone left over as well.Oh...other details, party of 2. Walked in on a Friday night at 6pm. 10 min wait.  Great service. Casual to dressy environment. Not the quietest place for romantic dinner.  It's a steak place...everyone was happily consuming drinks and beef!
5	We had the bone marrow carnie asada--- amazing. the ambiance and service was top notch. We loved the food  and it was  great!! We will be here again!!  The burger was flavorful and filling. The Mac and cheese is 7 cheeses mixed in creamy heaven. The rib eye cap melts in your mouth!! Hands down best place to eat in Vegas and definitely worth way more than we paid!!
3	Person on phone said no seats      Got here,    Wait wAs only ten minutes.  Ad I ignored person on the phone!   Few new interesting menu items
5	I was very impressed with this restaurant in every detail.  We came to Vegas for a girl's weekend retreat. Side note: Echo and Rig are individuals from Greek Mythology...When we walked in, we were immediately greeted and then brought up the stairs to be seated. I mentioned to the hostess it was my friends birthday. Soon after we sat down, the manager Xavier, greeted us & welcomed us to the restaurant.  He also wished my friend a happy birthday! He was down to earth and very attentive.  He even almost photo bombed us later in the evening, haha.Our waiter Alpheus was superb.  He spent all the time we wanted answering questions and patiently explaining the menu to us. He even answered our questions/gave us tips about the area attractions, since we aren't local.  He would give us attention and help when we wanted, and would leave when we did not need more assistance.  (He didn't linger too long) He had a huge smile & professional attitude, and clearly enjoys his job and is proud of the restaurant.The food was exquisite!!!! I had the pumpkin soup to start and it was delicious.  It had Carmelized onions and pumpkin morsals with some type of crispy on the outside crouton. It was also covered with delicious melted mozzarella.  For dinner I had the filet tenderloin with house potato chips and a mushroom rocker fella.  The steak was cooked to perfection and so tender. (Medium rare). I had a lovely mushroom sauce to go with it.  The chips were light and crunchy with a nice garlic salt flavor, and the mushroom rocket fella was superb.  For texture eaters, this place is Divine! The rocker fella consisted of a mushroom stuffed with bacon, crispy crumbs, and some type of filling. It was soft and crispy and crunchy... Yum! My friend shared with me her cheesy garlic mashed potatoes, which were so soft and fluffy (as opposed to the usual starchy rough mashed potatoes at restaurants).To end, my friend was given her choice of a birthday Sunday, and she chose the caramel turtle ice cream. The ice cream was rich and sweet, filled with candied nut morsels that were absolutely wonderful.The speed in which we got our food was fast! The attentiveness and teamwork of the staff was very impressive. If a waiter dropped a receipt, the manager immediately noticed and picked it up.  If a waiter didn't get bread to a table in a timely manner, another waiter would notice and tell him or do it for them.  Everyone was friendly, helpful and attentive.  Each time we needed more drink, or finished a plate, there was always someone there filling up our drinks, or taking away dirty dishes.This was by far the best restaurant we went to in Vegas.  The service was above and beyond, the price of the items were not bad at all, the food was outstanding with such mouth watering flavors and textures!  Overall, the quality of this restaurant was impeccable! The ambience was also nice... Modern decor and such a beautiful, classy, romantic atmosphere.
5	Nice selection of dishes and full of flavor. I am impressed with this amazing restaurant. Satisfied chicka at the moment. Portobello fries were delicious, blew me away, didn't think it was going to be that good. Staff were friendly and very informative, welcome feel.
5	Echo and Rig is a stylish restaurant with casual, comfy ambience; located by the charming circular Tivoli courtyard with the water fountain. - It's great for (1) happy hour, (2) lunch, and dinner, as well as to get special cuts of meats to take home. (Oh, yes, it's also a butcher shop!)For past 3 months, my wife and I have been there several times for happy hour and dinners by ourselves or with friends. We enjoyed ourselves over tasty dishes, delicious drinks, and excellent service each time. We entertained 2 separate groups of out of town friends from Philly and Orange for happy hours, followed by dinners. Our guests were all very impressed with this restaurant. The restaurant has a lovely, comfy bar, lounge, and patio seating areas downstairs. The dining area upstairs includes a spacious dining room and a covered balcony seating. The balcony is equipped with water mists in the balcony for the Vegas hot Summer! HAPPY HOUR TIME: Daily 3-6pm; 9pm-closing. DRINK (HH) - $+3 draft, $4 wine; $5 well drinks- No longer offers $10 pitcher of beer; no more FREE daily drink for ladies! But, its HH is STILL EXCELLENT! FOOD (HH) - Its happy hour menu is amazing with $1 gourmet hotdog, $2 steak&egg, $2 shrimp cocktail! - The gourmet grilled hotdog is tasty with special muster. The steak and egg is delicious, the well seasoned steak piece is tender, juicy and flavorful! The shrimp cocktail is only so-so, however.  Of course, one can order small plates from regular menu, too. - Off the Small Plate menu, the mushroom fries, $9; Fried Cauliflowers, $6; Grilled Octopus Salad, $9.30, and Black Seafood Spaghetti, $12 are absolutely delicious, great for HH, and/or as Apps for dinner!DINNERWe had dinners here 2x with 2 separate groups of out of town guests of 8 and 10. We had 3 Tomahawk steaks of its 48+ oz each ($2.45/oz) cooked to order (see pics). We also ordered Portabello Mushroom Fries. $7; Black Ink Seafood Spaghetti, $12; Steak Tartare, $8, Grilled Octopus Salad, $9.30 to share. We loved everything. The Tomahawk steaks, however, needed more seasoning. One can bring own bottles of wine without corkage fee, too! Wonderful! Their lunch menu offers a variety of reasonably priced dishes. For Sat and Sun they only offer Brunches, with available champaign. We've yet to try their lunches and brunches. All staff including the chef, barkeeps, servers, mgrs are all very friendly and helpful!  The service is outstanding. YES!  Echo and Rig is the easy go-to place for us nowadays for happy hours and dinners, especially for entertaining our out of town guests!  :-) ADDITIONAL NOTE you can SKIPFrom the outside looking in through its huge pic windows one can see the large storage chamber with display of a variety of meats, a spacious and inviting interior with a butcher's section, a bar, lounge, dining areas, and a grand staircase leading to the upstairs dining areas, including the balcony with a great view of the fountain! There's an elevator by the butcher shop, so the place is handicapped friendly. :-)The restrooms upstairs are spacious, well equipped and well maintained. :-)When the restaurant gets full, it's understandably on the noisy side. :-( Aug 2014.
4	Went here with my husband for dinner before sunset, got sat on the balcony - which I recommend if good weather! Located in the beautiful Tivolli village, definitely did not look like typical Las Vegas. We decided to go here based on a Yelp reviews, and I don't regret it. It's kind of like a steak house / butcher shop, yet it's sleek / modern. Our server was very attentive, and nice ( recommended several dishes to us newbies ).  Dishes were moderately pricey, but worth it. I definitely recommend the portobello mushroom fries as an appetizer, very hearty! Everything on the menu is al la carte, so you can choose your sides for your main entree. I got the fried duck, which was a little bit salty, but my husband's steak was amazing! Definitely need to go back, definitely worth the price and views!
2	Been there a few times,  food was hit and miss as the service.  Had problem with a check, called to inquire about it,  they never called back with an answer.  Definitely not going back nor recommending to anyone.
4	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday. When we first arrived, I could barely get him to keep walking to the door as he admired all the fresh cuts of meat in the window. We had a reservation and were seated quickly. Our water came out quickly as well; I chose flat, and my boyfriend chose the complimentary sparkling water. After this, the waiter took his time to come back and get our drink and appetizer orders. About fifteen minutes after our appetizer order was taken, a small loaf of bread finally came out. Considering how long it had taken, I assumed the bread would be hot and fresh - but it was not. The drinks came a few minutes after; I felt they really took too long for a simple loaf of cold bread and a single cocktail.As appetizers we had the portobello fries and fried spinach salad. In retrospect we probably shouldn't have had two fried things together, but that was our fault not theirs! Both appetizers were delicious and the flavors were well balanced. For the main course, I ordered sides only as I am a vegetarian. I found they had fairly unique vegetable dishes; I didn't have to settle for a salad and baked potato like at a lot of steakhouses. I had a spicy cauliflower dish and black tuscan kale. Both were excellent. My boyfriend ordered a medium ribeye and reported it was cooked perfectly.  We also shared the baked brie and sourdough with stone fruit; I really enjoyed this at first, but after it cooled the bread became tough and chewy. If you get this, make sure to eat it while it's fresh! They brought out a complimentary caramel ice cream for the birthday boy. Overall we had a great experience, but the service was slightly lacking. We both felt the initial wait for drinks and bread took too long. Our waiter also seemed rushed and slightly inattentive. The busser Enrique was constantly smiling and courteous; it's a little sad I remember his name but not the waiter's name! Enrique certainly made more of a positive impression.   Overall we gave the service 3 stars and the food 5 stars. The price was very reasonable. We will be back to try it again, but hope to have a different waiter!
5	Came here three times in one month. I enjoy it every time. Do yourself a favor and get off the strip. Great place for date night.  Tell Derrick I sent you. He will take good care of you.
2	Very disappointing... Service was average, food was average, very bad acoustic, Price does not reflect the quality at all.
5	Love this place!  Started with the pork belly and grits...so good!  Had the Spencer steak and heirloom carrots.  Steak was excellent.  Carrots were very good also...better than average.  This was my fifth visit here...will definitely be returning!
3	In a word, "MEH.". I honestly don't know what all the hype's about with this place.  The food was decent, service was mediocre and the decor was not memorable.  We had the ribeye, lamb, portobello fries, acorn squash, etc.  It was all fine but I've had better elsewhere.  Nothing made me want to come back.  It's a solid 3 stars for me.
5	Wow. I don't know where to begin. Well, here goes nothing. The place is beautiful! In the heart of Tivoli, it's the PERFECT date spot. There is a bar downstairs as well as a butcher / meat shop! Reminds me of home. We sat down for dinner and we were greeted by last name  by our server. For a steakhouse, it is fairly priced! The small plates (appetizers) are larger than expected! The kale, portobello fries, and every other small plate were perfect. We had a bottle of Tempranillo ($45) and it was amazing. Our steaks came out in good time and cooked perfectly. I don't recommend using their sauces, because the meat is delicious. I visited TWICE within 4 days. If that says anything. Overall this place, the food, and it's staff were all 5 stars to me. Will be back very soon!
4	This place is great. We had great service from Derek and Lucas.... however, I'm worried about the food.... gazpacho way too liquid... definitely not the Spanish one.... lamb shops were returned twice.... not cooked as requested, twice.. entrees and side came out warm or lukewarm, plates were cold, sauce was cold.... I hope it's just a mishap and that we just were out of luck that day... they however were very apologetic and comped us the dessert. We will go back. Hopefully we'll be luckier next time.
5	Amazing food and service. Prices are reasonable and appropriate for the quality of food.  You have to try the pork belly and grits or the asparagus and fried egg!
4	Some may be intimidated by the thought of brunch at an incredible steak house, don't be. Reasonable prices, great service (thanks Nan) and an amazing Short Rib Hash!  Wish I hadn't been headed out to meet clients, I will definitely take advantage of the bottomless mimosas on my next visit, which will be soon!
5	Amazing service and we loved the outside balcony area. We had the cauliflower dish, which was amazing! The portobello fries were really good, but very heavy, so perfect if you want to share amongst friends. The grilled octopus salad... Well let's just say I still dream about it. The octopus was grilled to perfection- was not chewy at all. My favorite dish had to be the carne asada bone marrow- however, I have had it twice and they varied greatly on portion size. Of course the steaks are what make you go and they don't disappoint. They are cooked to perfection and melt in your mouth. We had the Carmel turtle dessert which was also amazing... Just when I thought I couldn't eat anymore I was eating this dessert. All in all, one of my favorite places off the strip!
5	I love this place! The balcony outside is the perfect place to sit for brunch! The pretty view of Tivoli's entrance fountain and their service add to the overall ambience experience. Their Farmer's Market poached eggs with grilled veggies was an amazing meal. I can't wait to come here again!!!!!
5	Great food, and price was reasonable. Great service.
5	Have been to E&R several times and have never been disappointed. The food is first rate but the staff is even better. Have always been treated like I was their most important client. A special thank you to Sheryl B. for her kind, considerate and attention to detail in making our recent party at E&R a most memorable event.I look forward to my next visit and trying more of their delicious menu items.
5	After a rough night in Chinatown, I was tickled by the absolutely perfect service we received during brunch. Mikkel (I know I'm butchering the spelling) was our server. He was fantastic. I had the short rib hash. Holy Hannah, was it delish. Rich, savory, and left nothing to be desired. The bf and I split a build-your-own salmon bagel plate, which was fun, simple, and yet, delectable. The atmosphere was low key, classic with a modern twist. A great date spot, or gathering with friends. Also, bonus points for lack of babies/children.
3	First time here with my girlfriend. The hostess, Ariana, was very nice and kind. The manager, Rob, came by and greeted my girlfriend and ignored me. It made me feel uncomfortable. Then another server came by asking our water. He was very polite and nice. His name was CHris. Our waiter, Jason, later came by and he came off to me as rude. I felt he was rushing us and I became very uncomfortable and confused on the food. He explained everything to my girlfriend and rarelyExplained anything to me. I felt like a wall.I didn't give it a one star because the food was amazing. I hope you don't get the same treatment!
5	One snafu but back on the top of my list!   Some new menu items and a lot of small plates to sample.   Make sure you give a shout out to Daniel the new Commander in Beef!   (I heard there's a door prize if you make him laugh )
5	We have visited and bought meat from the head butcher, Aaron Oster. He is knowledgable and a pleasure to do business with. The meat is excellent. We plan to buy our meat there regularly.
5	Wow. What an amazing experience. From the food to the atmosphere and great service, I will be back many more times. Seriously, the rib eye was out of this world good. So impressed.
5	The happy hour is wonderful enjoy the steak and eggs and the shrimp cocktail go for a dollar 99 I'm good to be having dinner at 6 so I'll have to the review later but the food is anything like the happy hour we're going to have a great evening.
5	Well we had dinner and I must say the service and the food rough standing the Portobello fries with the herb aioli the phenomenal we had the tomahawk steak the butterfish and the spicy chicken which wasn't very spicy the butterfish was wait the Tomahawk steak was great all the sides and appetizers we had wonderful this is a great place good ambiance great service great food and again the happy hour great, so I've used the word great about 15 times so I guess the score is great .
4	Went here for brunch the other day and had a fantastic meal. First of all, the ambiance is wonderful. The restaurant is on the 2nd floor and the presentation is very upscale. Our server took the time to tell us about the place and offered us our choice of sparkling or still water from wine bottles. The bathroom had a very comfortable lounge chair, was spotless, and had a bowl of exfoliating salt scrub for your hands on the marble sink. I had the short-rib hash and my husband had the bacon, eggs, sausage and toast plate. Everything was absolutely delicious and the portions were generous. I got a bloody mary which was also wonderfully made. We will definitely return! Excited to try lunch or dinner.
5	Let's begin with...Small Plates - although Echo & Rig is quite obviously a steakhouse, the menu has an eclectic, yet put-together feel. Steak, salads, pasta dishes, did I say STEAK?, and small plates are found here. Small plates have three price ranges. One could come here and simply eat off the small plates menu, or use the small plates menu to come along as sides with a steak. The variety is good, but not overwhelming. You can tell these items have been selected with the utmost care.Butcher's Choice Sausage - this sausage changes daily as noted by our incredibly helpful server, Edward. When my friend and I dined it was a chicken sausage, within a pork casing, with a sweet tomato sauce, onions, and jalapenos. This sausage was quite possibly the best sausage I have ever eaten. Cooked perfectly, with a snap to the outside, and a deep flavor without the "taste" of your normal run-of-the-mill grocery sausage (that taste is not good). Carne Asada Bone Marrow - The sausage blew this small plate away. However, it was still good, presented beautifully, and a decent-sized portion (my friend and I shared). Comes with onions.Moving on to main courses..As impressed as I was by the brilliant selection of steaks AND the lesson the server gave us about each of the cuts I wanted to order more small plates, however, I was so mesmerized by the cuts of meat available I decided to have the Hangar Steak Sandwich. This comes with roasted Anaheim chiles, spinach, and preserved lemon chimichurri. I certainly picked a good dish as the steak was cooked to a velvety medium, the bread slightly toasted, and all the flavors melding together, plus a serving of crunchy potato chips.Lastly, dessert. My friend and I chose a chocolate ice cream bowl that came with candied pecan cookies, cherry gelee, and big, ripe, bourbon-soaked cherries, topped with what I know was a freshly whipped-up whip cream. This little dessert was the perfect end to a perfect meal.Other features... a decent wine listing with wines that will and won't break your pocket book. Service that was immaculate, friendly, yet not too hoity-toity. Our table was also visited by the manager of the night who was a very nice gentleman.Overall I will absolutely return to Echo & Rig.
2	The staff is is not very professional.  While seated on the upper balcony outside we kept noticing the waiters frequently congregating there.  It seems they can hide from management there or something.  They kept grouping up next to our table complaining about other guests and the other staff.  At one point a young guy dressed in a black outfit (busboy maybe) came to our table and put two large dirty dishes from another table on our table.  Then he proceeded to talk to us about nothing and interrupted our dinner conversation, while leaving someone else's dirty dishes right next to my girlfriend.  It was rather gross to look at someone else's dirty plates while trying to enjoy an expensive meal.  Lack of experience maybe?  I don't know but unless the service level improves to match the food quality and prices, we will not be back.
5	Echo & Rig is one of my favorites in Summerlin.  If you're looking for your ideal steak, an awesome salad, excellent meat or sandwich, or a range of tapas style side dishes, Echo & Rig is your place!  Their cuts of meat are cooked perfectly and their sauces are awesome (I recommend peppercorn).  As far as the sides go, you MUST order the portobello mushroom fries and the mac & cheese, and the rest of them are fantastic as well.  The service is also on par, the waiters really make an effort to make you feel catered to.
5	Place was great. First thought was inexpensive, so how good could the steak be? Well, it was great and ORGANIC. Had the 10oz boneless ribeye.......service was great and the happy hour pricing was amazing. Great 31st B-day celebration for my wife.....I will return.
5	Bartender Lauren was amazing! I'll be back... Food was great, always weird to try some new food. Staff was great from the time I walked in till when I left
5	I was very impressed by this place. The food was absolutely delicious and the service was wonderful.  Our steaks were cooked perfectly, and it was one of the best I have ever had. What makes it even better is the price. The steak doesn't cost $50 as it does as most steakhouses, it costs around $30. You cannot beat it.  I can't wait to go back and try other things.
4	I carelessly throw around the "L-word" & this review will not be spared its usage. Echo & Rig was recommended by a family member who clearly knows great food & with confidance, I can now also vouch for E&R's deliciousness. I love love love that there are over 30 "small plates" on the menu. Grazing is my eating style, & if i weren't hell-bent on having filet, I would've ordered more than the superb portobello mushroom fries & herb aioli. Tried a bite from his stack of thick-cut bacon w/ BBQ sauce -- smokey, fatty, more like baked ham than bacon. Love love that you get a (free!) sauce with your steak. His "charred onion" paired beautifully with his rib-eye cap, & my horseradish cream pick elevated an already lovely filet. Say yes to their garlic mashed potatoes. And finally, love that our service issue was immediately & professionally addressed. My filet arrived medium after we'd waited 40-minutes for our steaks. They whisked it away with sincere apologies, & the filet was returned well done as I had ordered. Desserts & coffee (as if we could eat anymore!) were comped for our troubles (carmel turtle sundae is a must.) Room for improvement: though I love (lust) that they pour ketel one, my cocktail, A Love Affair, delivered zero buzz, & tasted like a weak lemonade. Provided they don't make a habit of making customers endure excessive wait times for their steaks, E&R's extensive menu deserves a second look the next time we're in charming Tivoli Village.
4	We were going to be in the area so called and made reservations for a Friday night. Arrived and waited about 10 min, place was hella busy. The service was very good in spite of a full house, the Manager even came over to introduce himself with a handshake, nice touch. The girls ordered drinks and both were tasty. For appetizers we tried the Melted Bree and the Pork Belly with Grits. The Bree was good, the Pork Belly was a Home Run. Wifey had the Rib Eye Cap and loved it. I tried the Spencer Steak and that was great as well, our friend had the Filet and she loved that too. Overall a great place, with only one complaint, it's just too goddamn loud. I know I'm being a bit old school, and I know it's "trendy" to have a place that looks industrial, but when you have to compete with shouting Waiters and shouting people at the next table all trying to be heard, it's tough to want to return. With 3 cocktails and apps, dinner for 3 came out to $230 with tip. Too much for a place that we could not wait to get out of due to the noise level, other wise would be 5 stars, I guess I'm just not Hip enough.
4	We had dinner at Echo&Rig 2 weeks ago.The food was phenomenal! However, the restaurant was so loud I couldn't hear what was said at the table. It had the atmosphere of the sports bar not a sophisticated restaurant.
5	What's not to like about this place?! Friendly outgoing staff. Tasty well prepared dishes. Very reasonably priced for the amount of food. Beautiful outdoor balcony overlooking the city lights. We had an absolutely delightful dining experience. Don't miss the cauliflower small plate or the caramel turtle sundae. Delicious. Already looking at my calendar to see when I can come again!
2	Excellent service of dog food .... My 8 ounce steak was had so much gristle that I could only eat half of it / ordered medium rare plus and got raw .... Mac and cheese was mushy and the small plate that my guest ordered was not good and I had no idea what it was..... Strange. The service was very good but the restaurant smells like no other place that I have ever been ... Like kerosene .... I don't know why but I don't like it. I hope I just hit them on a bad night but with so many errors I don't think so.
4	Been here three times this last visit for brunch on Saturday and Sunday, dinner was awesome and the bone in steak was great!  Service is phenomenal!!!  Definitely go back my next visit ****
2	Food was good.  Had portobello fries and calamari for  appetizer.  Steaks are good.  Disappointed in service - first my wife's steak was brought out well done when she ordered medium rare.  They fixed that quick enough.  Later as she was finishing her wine - there was a huge chunk of debris in the bottom of the glass.  Manager did not seem to care - said wow.. that is odd.  Should have at least offered her another glass.  Net - not sure we will be back - too bad I like the location and I have been there several times.
5	Best food in Vegas.  Brunch steak and eggs is perfect.  Good drinks.  Good cured meats.  The new chorizo and clams is very good.  Even if you are not in the mood for steak there is always a great fish entree.
5	ECHO & RIG :    Sublime environment, stellar , friendly, efficient service and INSANELY delicious food served in appropriate size proportions vs gigantic or minute as in too many dining establishments !   ((Also, fabulous location ; Tivoli is such an inviting, customer friendly location with easy valet parking))  As part time Las Vegas residents we tend to find a few spots that become our favourites when we visit.....ECHO & RIG is our new MUST GO TO !!  I visited on Thursday eve for drinks & nibbles with a friend and was back on Friday eve for dinner with my husband.Appetizers/ starters/ small plates - perfect for 2 people .  The portobello fries with herb aioli are amazing, the octopus & gigante bean salad ; sublime,  Over the moon salad - say no more  !!   and the "fried spinach" salad , unlike anything we have ever had; light spinach with a perfect combo of tangy & sweet & crunchy ! We had a NY steak to share -delicious !!  perfectly cooked (med rare), Our waiter had requested the kitchen slice it for us  which was perfect.The entrance to Echo & Rig is elegant yet inviting with a small gift shop and gorgeous  butcher shop .  Every staff member I came into contact with was friendly & knowledgeable . Thor in the butcher department was delightful and his charcuterie plate : gorgeous & delectable ! I am looking forward to purchasing meats from the butcher shop to cook at home and also hear that there will be prepped turkeys to just "pop in the oven" along with every side dish imaginable ...THANKSGIVING made easy & delicious at home ! ***the  hand salt scrub in the women's  bathroom is glorious !  must purchase that on our next visit !  ((((Only 1 improvement that we (my husband noted)   bread be be served warm  !! )))
5	Lovely place to have a nice dinner. We arrived without a reservation and were seated within fifteen minutes. Ricky was our server and was just a wonderful person. Attentive, friendly, genuine and well informed. Robert the manager came over and also introduced himself and ensured we were comfortable with the menu. I ordered a glass of wine and when it came out I thought it was corked or the wrong vintage. Just didn't taste right. Ricky told Robert, Robert checked with the bar, and then he came over and said they had just opened the bottle two seconds before it was poured and recommended I wait a few minutes. So I did, so it was, and everything was stellar. One of my favorite places in Vegas period. Classy without being pretentious, beautiful without being intimidating, gourmet without being overpriced.Also, if you feel like getting a fantastic piece of meat to take home and cook yourself, this is definitely the spot if you don't have a local butcher to consult. These people know their protein something fierce.
3	Good atmosphere. Staff could be a little friendlier and not seem like they are constantly in a rush and that you are bothering them. We ordered the appetizer portabello fries and octopus. The portabello fries were good with the sauce, and the octopus was tender. I ordered the filet mignon salad and my fiance ordered their rib eye. I was disappointed that the filet on my salad was served cold, sliced and it was on the chewy side. The salad had a lot of salty ingredients : salami, olives, pepperoncinis overpowering the entire taste. My fiances steak was cooked good but it lacked in flavor. The best part of the entire experience was the cappucino ice cream at the end of our meal. Overall I expected more for the price.
4	Beautiful restaurant. Went in with my boyfriend a couple weeks back. Carne asada bone marrow. So rich and seriously perfect. Burrata caprese with pear. Yummy but wish it was served in its original form because it just ended up being soupy. Steak was phenomenal.  I will say service, specifically wine service was a bit lacking.
2	I don't see what all the hype is about. we came here for my dad's bday. we were not impressed. i think we liked a couple of their appetizers like the mushroom fries and also the mushroom soup but that's pretty much it. we were not impressed with their tri tip or the filet mignon. we've definitely had better!! they weren't that tasty and the bone marrow wasn't impressive either. actually, the bone marrow had mostly onions. like where's the marrow??? the chips that came with our steaks were super salty and hard and flavorless besides the salt that i had to rinse with beer. the beer was good (of course it wasn't made there). also got asparagus and mashed potatoes for sides but they did not taste special at all. lastly, i told our waitress that it was my dad's bday and she didn't even greet him or bring out a cake or ice cream or whatever.
5	Fantastic service!  The entire staff makes you feel special and happy to be there.  The steaks are great.  Cooked exactly to order and the best cuts and quality of meat.  A far better value than going to the Strip.  We will definitely going back!
5	Have no idea why this spot doesn't have 5 stars. Unless your a vegetarian this is the Las Vegas spot for you. Butcher shop onsite with farm to table meats. Service is so good and on point. This isn't your stuffy over priced steak house.
5	This place was nothing short of spectacular. The restaurant is nice, open, clean and arid. We sat right in front of the kitchen and had a view of the show! My friend had showed me a pic from his previous dining experience and I had to eat there! I brought some of my own wine and I ordered a HUGE tomahawk ribeye. I strongly suggest coming here any chance you get. The food here is unreal. The service and managers were super friendly. There is valet in the courtyard so parking is not an issue. Enjoy! I will for sure come back.
5	Fantastic service!!! Steak was great. However, I ordered my ribeye cap rare-plus and it came out almost medium. Might have been the sizzling plate. Nevertheless it was tender and flavorful. Great atmosphere! Very unsuspecting place in a surprisingly upscale center. Dress code: none. We came in jeans and tee and even a baseball cap. No dirty looks. No questions/comments/etc. Granted a good portion of diners were in more dapper attire. Oh wells!
5	Outstanding! We had to come back two nights later. The manager Derek made it so enjoyable he was one of the reasons we came back. The food is great and the prices are awesome! A must go while in Vegas!
5	I loved this place. I'll give the negatives first because there are few. First, it was noisy, and our table was right next to the kitchen, so traffic by our table was frequent. And, ... that's it.Positives: (1) service from Jason and Derek was impeccable. (2) food was phenomenal. (3) NO corkage fee, so we brought our own wine for no extra charge.We had arugula salad that was delish. I had a 27-oz. porterhouse that was amazing with tasty white cheddar chunky mashed potatoes. Oh, and the crab cakes and calamari appetizers were awesome! Whew...I'm so full now. This place was expensive but still excellent value.Thor in the butcher shop downstairs was a really nice and knowledgeable guy as well. Highly recommend E&R!
3	I love this place but something was very off the last time I went there.  I took my wife there for our 3rd anniversary.  We had a reservation and we showed up 10 minutes early but it still took almost half an hour to be seated.  This was weird because other people were coming in without reservations and being seated ahead of us.  But to be fair, I requested a patio seat.  But then again, one of the couples that came in after us and seated before us was on the patio.We were greeted by a great host once we were seated who apologized for the wait and wished us a happy anniversary.  But once he left, it took a good 15 minutes before we could place an order.  The appetizers came within 10 minutes but our steaks took almost an hour.  The waiter did apologize for the wait but it was disheartening to see other people seated after us getting their food before us.  The first round of drinks came very quickly but the second took so long that we wondering if it was going to make it before we got the check.  Maybe it was an off night for them.  The food - as always - was amazing but the service was really really slow.  To be fair, it was a Wednesday night and the place was really busy.  In all, it was not an ideal way to celebrate my anniversary.
5	Echo & Rig has been my go to butcher from the time they opened. House made chartcuterie and great steaks, so I was excited to finally eat there,  and all I can say is why did I wait so long! We skipped the apps and went right for what we came for...steak. My wife and I ordered three cuts, since we wanted to try a variety and could take home the leftovers: skirt, hanger and flat iron. All excellent and perfectly cooked. Few restauarants have even one of these cuts, usually sticking with the standards: ribeye, New York and filet. If you have not tried one of these "butcher cuts", so called because the butcher would take them home, I encourage you to do so. They are the most flavorful of the animal. The portobello fries, garlic mash and roasted brocolini were all terrific as well. Finished with a couple of the sundaes and a perfect machiato. As good as the food was, the service was even better. And the bonus, no corkage.
2	While the company was awesome the food and service was far less memorable. The servers were uptight and stilted. The brunch fair was quite limited and while prepared with a chef's flare lacked that breakfasty feel you look for with brunch. Would not go back again for brunch.
4	Loved it! 4 stars instead of 5 because the wait was so long. I think my friend and I waited about 45 minutes for a table for two - late dinner, on a weekend. We sat by the bar and had cocktails while we waited so it wasn't too bad. I was a little annoyed when our table was ready. The hostess came over to tell us but we still had to close out our tab with the bartender. He was quite busy tending to everyone else so we had to wait a bit and the hostess didn't look too happy about that. Oh well. We decided to order a bunch of the small plates since we weren't too hungry and neither of us wanted to gorge on giant steaks. We got the bone marrow, Mac n cheese, broccoli, and steak tartare. They came out all at once, and pretty quickly. It ended up being way too much food for the two of us but definitely worth it. Anyways, as we were working our way towards clearing the plates, one of the bussers came over to take an empty plate.... And ended up taking away all our plates! It was extremely awkward because my friend still had her fork in her hand, eating off her personal plate (which he took away). There was probably some miscommunication but the whole thing was a bit awkward. Our server's great personality outweighed the awkward experience. He convinced us to get dessert so we ordered the cappuccino sundae. It was way bigger than I expected and oh so delicious!! I'm definitely coming back here again. Maybe not on a busy weekend night. I loved the atmosphere and the food was great. I think our entire meal was around $40? Great deal in my book :)
5	I have been here several times now for both brunch and dinner. Whenever I go, the service is always the same - perfect. From the moment you sit down until you leave, you are greeted promptly with a smiling face. I always get the steak hash for brunch time and hanger steak for dinner. The crab cakes are really good too - the sauce they use is so good. The portobello fries and corn are also delicious. THE BATHROOM HAND SOAP/SCRUB IS AMAZING - I even bought a couple mason jars of it. It leaves your hand so moisturized and soft. Please wash your hands haha
5	This is probably my favorite local steakhouse and butcher shop! strip quality food and service! My girlfriend and I always come here for mushroom fries, pork belly (that will melt in your mouth) with grits, very tender medium rare Spencer steak with the charred onion sauce!!! And we always get a pound of prosciutto at the butcher shop before leaving the restaurant; their prosciutto was perfectly cut thin almost see through! I can't wait to go back to dine in again, and also try their signature cocktails!
4	My husband and I came here to celebrate our wedding anniversary. I called ahead to see if reservations were required, the girl who answered the phone was kinda snotty so I was kinda nervous the whole experience was going to pretentious and uncomfortable. So we get there, and once you're actually in the restaurant it's AWESOME. The hostesses were super welcoming and friendly. We were still kinda nervous that we are over our heads in a fancy restaurant, but the manager and our server were great. They explained everything, they didn't talk down to us, it was great.  The food was INSANE. So good. I will shout it from the mountain tops that everyone should eat here. The steaks were cooked to perfection (medium rare), the sides complimented the main dishes, I can't say enough good things. I highly recommend the portobello mushroom fries.  EVERYONE GO EAT HERE!!!!
5	This is another place I really enjoy. Everyone is very nice. I like that the butcher is downstairs so if you just want to buy meat to take home you can. The food is always cooked perfect. I love the oyster sliders and portobello fries. Very clean and great service!!
5	**private party review**We hosted a private brunch for my daughters baptism for around 30 people.   I can't say enough kind things. Not only is the food delish here, but they were so kind and left us very pleased with the party we hosted for our family and friends.  I worked directly with Sheryl and she never made me feel like I was asking too many questions or that I was ever a bother.  Always very prompt and professional.  The waiters were super attentive.   I would totally host another party at Echo and Rig.
5	If you are local and enjoy some good food and atmosphere, you should try Echo and Rig. It's inside one of my favorite spots in Vegas (Tivolli Village) and the food is simply amazing. We had lots of starters, which I would recommend the Portobello Fries (outstanding!!!) and I also had the "Over the Rainbow" salad that was absolutely spectacular! 2 thumbs up to Echo and Rig!
5	We went with a party of 10 for a post work event.  The staff and waiter could not have been nicer or more welcoming.   The location is perfect if you are staying at the JW Marriott.  They made some great recommendations for appetizers. Almost everyone at the table went with different cuts of steak, everyone enjoyed it.  The only minor complaint was for folks who ordered medium the steak was still fairly rare.   The portions were large and the presentations were quite nice.  The pace of the food was perfect, not rushed but not too slow.  After appetizers and the entree we were all way too full for desert.
4	Best brunch ever..they have bottomless mimosas what more do I need to say and review amazing that the corn beef hash with poached egg your climax trust me
5	Love coming to place, the black spaghetti and portobello mushroom fries are awesome!  The brussel sprout and cauliflower sides are solid.  Personally didn't care much for the pork chop schnitzel.  The apple pie ice cream dessert was interesting.  The service was great as usual!
5	Okay, this place instantly went into my Restaurant Hall of Fame!  I would typically save the best for last when doing a review but in this case I have to just say it: 5-STAR SERVICE!!!  Impeccable!!  The host was on point, the server made suggestions and described the different flavors of the dishes, my water glass was never below 3/4, the manager made table visits.... And the food, OMG!!!  The portobello fries, the short ribs, the potatos, the brussel sprouts..... Simply in one word, AMAZING!
5	Came here with the boyfriend and we were more than pleased ! The service was beyond exceptional.  Our waiter was very polite and guided through the whole menu. He explained how the steaks were.  What I love about this place is that down stairs it's a butcher place so the meat is extremely fresh! After choosing our steak and how we wanted it we chose the sauces. We weren't quiet sure which sauce we would like so the waiter brought a few out to try . I thought that was very nice of him .The atmosphere is very nice especially for a date night . To top it off the steak here is the best steak I have EVER had !! And I believe the prices are very reasonable . I recommend this place to all my friends and people who love a good steak !
4	These guys are on point!! From the hostess, to Ricky our waiter to Derrick he manager, they made our 3 yr anniversary fantastic!! Derrick  caught up to us on our way our and personally gave us his card and invited us back! Food was fantastic! We had the tomahawk for dinner. We also had the bone marrow and carne asada, the steak tar tare, and the pork belly and grits! ALL FANTASTIC!! For dessert we had the caramel turtle for dessert with a candle!! Thanks for making our anniversary fantastic!!!
5	Loved this place! Great food, wonderful service, as we were walking out the manager stopped us & gave us his card & told us to call or text him if we ever need a reservation & he'll take care of it. Our server, Lucas I think, was very knowledgeable about the menu & all the meats they had. Everything was delicious & definitely worth the money. The only thing I would change is, as another reviewer mentioned, toast the bread! The bread & butter they brought us was very bland. Will definitely be coming back here. My rib eye with the bleu cheese cream sauce was melt in your mouth delicious.
4	Well prepared food with consistent quality every time.  Service is always prompt and the staff and management are very pleasant and accomodating.  A reliable steak restaurant with great price point.
5	Israel was our server incredible from the moment we walked in. The managers greeted us ..the menu to the wine list to the dessert and everything in between this is the place. You want to be locals and you need to know about this place this is a diamond in the rough and it's incredible please take advantage of this amazing place!! management Xavier and Derek .. Great job
5	This was by far one of the best dinners I've had in a long time.  It is rare for a restaurant to provide both food and service so excellent for such an amazing value. Our food was absolutely excellent.  The service was fantastic.  We ordered several appetizers,  entrees and dessert. Everything was delicious.  The wine and cocktails were also fantastic. The only thing that would make it better is if the bar was upstairs as well. Truly a wonderful place.
5	From the outside, this restaurant totally looks like a department store.  As you walk in, you soon realize you're in a meat lover's dream home.  Echo's menu is rather large with items ranging from small plates to enormous tomahawk rib eye steaks.  My party ordered some appetizers/small plates and a bunch of different cuts of steak.  We loved the portobello mushroom fries.  The steak tarare was excellent with a lovely acidic notes.  Our favorite was defintely the charcuterie sampler!  The head cheese and pate were so good, I just wanted to order more but there was steak to come... I had the rib eye cap which is basically the rim around the eye of the steak.  Holy smoke, the char on the steak was amazing and perfectly seasoned with ample salt and pepper.  The price tag on these steaks are very reasonable and bar far better tasting than any of the $$$$ steakhouses on the strip.  Too bad this restaurant is such a locals spot, It'd do very excellent on the strip.  Soberts as dessert were excellent to finish off the meal!
5	About time Vegas got an old school butcher shop! Well walking at tivoli I noticed echo and rig. The previous day I went to my local grocery store and asked if they could cut me some thin slices of sirloin so I could make cheese steaks. They lacked the equipment so I was out of luck. When I walked up to echo and rigs window the first thing I noticed where the pigs hanging from hooks and then there was rack of lamb and strings of sausages. I knew I had to walk in to check it out. Inside, it's a two story restaurant. Rustic looking but really cool none the less. I went to the butcher counter after looking at all the beautiful meats. I asked if they could shave sirloin for cheese steaks. They said absolutely and brought me out two choice cuts of steak to choose from.  I made my selection and it was shaved so beautifully thin. They packaged it and I paid. For those of you who dread cooking at thanksgiving they make thanksgiving dishes and turkeys if you like. Just FYI :) I'll definitely be back for more custom cuts!
5	Love this place. Sit outside on the balcony and enjoy the VIP treatment. Prices are inder what you would expect yet the service is above and beyond.  Try it. You will love it too!
5	The only question I have is why are there only 5 stars?! This is without a doubt the best dining experience I have ever had and I'll put that up against some very fine 5 star restaurants.   Personal service is paramount here and even though it was the first time,  we were welcomed as if friends  - no... Family!   what outstanding attention to every detail!  Thank you Sam and Xavier personally for making this a truly extraordinary experience!
5	Definitely too many plates to mention that are excellent. The most amazing combination of foods, flavored and textures served with exceptional care. You will fall in love for sure.
5	A local's gem!  We love this place and have never been disappointed.   All the tapas,  as sides or appetizers,  are amazing.   Their steaks are yummy and the staff knowledgeable and conscientious.  Being a meat and potato girl,  I can't believe that my favorite item here is actually the horseradish crusted butterfish.   It's delicious!!  Sit on the upstairs patio for the best time.
5	Great food. EVERYTHING was delicious. We ordered the Skirt Steak, the Mac n Cheese, the Pork Belly, and a few other items and everything was on point! I would definitely go back and dine here again. It is now one of my favorite gems in the city.
4	I don't write reviews often, but I had to as I had a perfect dinner here.  The service and food were fabulous.  Sit on the patio- we were inside as I thought it would be too cold, and when I changed my mind they graciously moved us.  They asked immediately if it was a special occasion.  It was my birthday, but I said I'm not into sweets, so no bother, but they still brought a perfect light dessert with candles.  Everything we ordered was fantastic- can't go wrong here.  Especially the service- a combination of super professional and friendly.
5	Excellent service!Excellent atmosphere !Amazing steaks and wine and everything!Prices are so affordable!Best strake restaurant in town!DO NOT MISS IT!
3	A friend was visiting from out of town and she wanted to have brunch with a couple other friends from college. We didn't realize it would be such a busy weekend and parking was tricky, but fortunately, the restaurant was still quiet. I was able to make a reservation via phone a couple days prior to our visit.The space is beautiful. You enter downstairs with a bar on the left and their butcher shop on the right. I love that you're able to watch the chefs work with the meats as you walk in. The host stand is located on the right as well and you're lead via elevator or stairs to the second floor. The dining room is bordered with floor-to-ceiling windows allowing a view of their outdoor patio and the center of Tivoli Village. There is also a beautiful chandelier above the stairs and an open kitchen.I ordered the Steak Frites ($21) and was pleased that it came with Ribeye, my favorite cut of steak. It was also served with a roasted tomato, fries, and bearnaise sauce (or sunny side-up eggs upon request). When I initially read the menu, I didn't realize the eggs were to replace the bearnaise sauce (I thought it was an addition). I didn't miss the sauce, but I wonder if it may have changed my experience with the steak. I ordered "rare plus" for the ribeye and it was more on the rare side. I was disappointed, but it's still MUCH better than having it overcooked! Either way, I was sorely disappointed with my steak. It lacked proper seasoning. Also, it had SO much sinew and/or gristle that it (obviously) made it VERY difficult to eat!! I couldn't believe it. A reputable steakhouse? I was expecting nothing short of perfect. It wasn't the worst steak I've had at a restaurant, but I've never been served one that was so difficult to cut or chew.I contemplated ordering the Short Rib Hash and after seeing photos of it, I definitely made the wrong choice. It's hard to forgive the steak mishap, however, I am possibly willing to try other dishes (NOT steak), since everyone seems to love this place so much.
5	I can sum up this place in one word...WOW! We came here for a rehearsal dinner prior to a wedding so the menu was picked out for us. Every single thing we tried was like heaven on a plate. We had the lamb cigars & tzatziki sauce, Kennebec Salt & Pepper fries, and Portobello Fries & Herb Aioli for starters. Absolutely delicious! I highly recommend the Portobello Fries...even if you are not a mushroom fan, these simply melt in your mouth.For the main meal, we had the Roasted Chicken and Tomahawk Chop. WOW WOW WOW...you might think chicken is boring, but without trying to sound cliche, this was literally the most delicious piece of chicken I have ever had. The Tomahawk Chop looked very rare, but it was sooooo tender and delicious. Please do not eat this with steak sauce...it is meant to be enjoyed as is!The only disappointment was the dessert. While it wasn't bad (how can dessert be bad??), it just didn't have that WOW factor. But hey, this is a chophouse...so enjoy the meat!One of the best meals I've ever had. If I was going to die tomorrow, I would want my last meal to come from Echo & Rig.
5	Another excellent meal here, came here with a huge group this time.  Service is awesome as usual, very attentive and friendly from the host to the server.So to the food:Brussel Sprouts - Excellent tasting, the nice lemon flavor and crisp brussel sprouts.Cauliflower with peppers - If you like a little spicy kick and cauliflower this is a good side dish.Spicy Sausage - Not bad, not too spicy but good flavors.Crab cake - Decent, not a huge crab cake fan but still good.Octopus salad - octopus was a little dry that I got, but the flavors were good. Bone Marrow Carne Asada -  AWESOME!  This is surprisingly really good.  The combination on top of a nice toasted bread.Pumpkin Squash - A bit sweet, but I believe it's the sweetness of the squash.  Like a small grilled pumpkin.Portebello Fries - Excellent appetizer, great pick as usual.Pork Belly Grits - Not bad, pretty unique tasting.Stir Fry Kale - Not bad, nothing that stands out.Stuffed portebello - Decent, but didn't stand out compared to the other stuff.Tomahawk Ribeye - Pretty tasty, cooked pretty tender.  A great thing we did get with this is a selection of the sauces, you need to ask for it though.  7 sauces tonight.Black Spaghetti - DELICIOUS!  Still one of my favorite dishes here.  Nice lemony flavors with the sun dried tomatoes and seafood mix.  Highly recommended.
5	Our server Brian is the best there is. The attention to detail and his knowledge of the menu was astonishing. The food is first class and the Spencer steak was amazing. We will be back.
4	It was my first time here. Nice ambience.  The food were delicious food.  They are known for their meat. Love their small plates especially the bone marrow carne asada. We ordered so many dishes.  They were all wonderful and the wait was not long at all.  Great service. Would definitely go back.
4	Admittedly, I was leery of brunch at a steakhouse, but Echo & Rig was one of the better (non-Vegas strip) brunches I can remember. Fantastic service and affordable prices.Because it was gorgeous October weather, my +1 and I sat outside to enjoy the sunshine. Apparently prime brunch time in Las Vegas starts later than it does in San Francisco. It was around 11 am and we were one of the few tables occupied. It makes sense, since nightlife in Sin City doesn't really get going until 11 pm... guess that means the locals sleep in a bit more? There's an actual brunch menu, which has plenty of gourmet options to choose from. However, I was feeling adventurous and ordered a Drunken Goat sandwich (goat cheese, brie, herbs de Provence, green apple) with a special request: a sunny side egg on top. It was the best of both worlds, the perfect midday meal. Quite possibly the best part? Our server let me order one blueberry pancake at half the price of the regular dish. If you asked a server the same thing in SF, they'd roll their eyes and make you feel stupid for even trying. One of the many differences between these two cities. Vegas wins in the customer service department for sure!The total bill for two people was less than $50, which was amazing. I forgot what food costs outside of the expensive 7x7 confines of San Francisco, too. So this is how the other half lives, huh? So jealous.Worth the drive out to Summerlin for sure. Great food, nice view, free parking, and I appreciate our server accommodating my random requests.
5	Went here for a friend's birthday with a group of 9. They seated us upstairs out in the balcony and it was warm thanks to the overhead heaters. The food: everything was delicious but we ended up over-ordering and were pretty full by the time the actual entrees came around.We ordered: Mac & CheeseGrilled Thick-Cut Bacon & Barbecue SaucePork Belly, White Grits & Apple Cider SaucePortobello Fries & Herb AioliThe portobello fries and the pork belly was my favorite. For the steak entrees, most of of ordered the Rib Eye Cap or the Spencer Steak. It was delicious like I said but it was too much food. We struggled to eat everything. Next time around, order one appetizer per two people, no matter how good your server is at their job of convincing you to order more. Wait and order more after. It did take a while for our steaks to come out, but the end result was so worth it.
5	Located in a fancy strip mall, this place offers a superb level of service. Having been in hospitality, I really appreciate the effort of higher service here. The hostess took my name and started calling my boyfriend Mr. Chan LOL (also he is not Asian so a little weird). However I appreciate the family environment they are trying to create. Jay was our server who made the experience very pleasant- he was very informative, professional and not overbearing. It was brunch time so we tried the short rib hash, portobello fries and steak and fries. The short rib in the hash was killer tender and braised in house. The eggs were perfectly poached on top and drizzled over the perfectly sized potato cubes. This dish is obviously highlighted for a reason. The steak and fries were overly salted but was quickly fixed and perfected on the second serving. The best part of the wait was a complimentary tomato salad that cleared the palate while the steak was grilling. The chef didn't want only one person eating at the table- very nice touch. To make the experience even better, the manager, Xavier, sent out a salted caramel sundae that was heavenly. Who eats a sundae after brunch? Anyone that is served this sundae in particular. I will definitely be back for a dinner the next time I'm back in town. Thanks Echo and Rig :)
5	Went here for a friend's birthday on our trip in Vegas. It is located in a very upscale mall about 15 minutes from the strip. We had a big group of 9 people and were seated outside that had warm heaters on.Like many yelpers say, the Portobello Fries were heavenly and also the pork belly was glorious as well. It does take awhile for the main steak to come out, so make sure to grab one of these appetizers to munch on. By the time we got the steak, we were already starting to get full, so it was quite a challenge to finish our steaks.I really want to emphasize on the excellent quality of service Echo and Rig provides for the customers. We were checked by the floor manager numerous times and every servers treated us like VIPs every time they came by. They certainly provide better service than most high-end restaurants without charging too much for the food.If you want to experience what good service is for a reasonable price, go check out this place!
4	5 stars for service but 4 stars for food. Ok, overall I loved this place. I really appreciate a good ambiance and this was definitely a good one. I ordered the skirt steak. You get to pick a sauce (or 2 or 3) and I chose the red wine Demi. The steak was done perfect and the sauce was phenomenal. The only thing I didn't really love was the steak was very sweet on its own. It must have been the marinade that goes on the steak. Paired with the red wine Demi, it was way too sweet, and I like sweet. So I ended up opting for the bernaise sauce because for the most part, it cut the sweetness. We got portobello fries and calamari for an appetizer and those were both done perfectly. We also received a free sundae of our choice for our moms birthday, it was a very nice dessert for being complimentary. The service is great. She checked on us just enough times that it wasn't overwhelming but it wasn't too sparse. Our drinks were always full and they always offer more bread and butter. I would definitely go back but might try a different steak that maybe wouldn't have that sweet marinade.
3	We made a reservation and still had to wait 45 minutes. The decor is lovely and fancy and loved the meat porn glass display. We ended up getting drinks at the bar but waiting that long with a reservation is ridiculous. Why bother making one if you're going to wait? We ordered our food. It took another 30-40 minutes. The food was delicious (ribeye, portabella fries, butterfish) but I don't know if I would return somewhere you have to wait a really long time for a reservation and food brought to you. My friend went on a previous occasion and had to wait an hour for their food. I would probably give it five stars if it wasn't for the long wait.
5	Outstanding!!!This really is one of the best off the strip steak houses in the city! Service is impeccable! Really.... IMPECCABLE!!!!Our server, Jason, was knowledgable, detailed, attentive without being overwhelming.He helped guide our dinner choices in a wonderful direction!The food:Pork Belly and Portabello Fries were both delicious appetizers!Pork Belly was my favorite though... this is a must!!! Creamy dreamy grits with the super flavorful pork belly... Yum!Southern Chicken Salad, was okay, nothing super special. Flavors are good, a  little dry. I wish I had tried the Over the Rainbow Salad...My husband and I shared the 46 ounce Tomahawk, Garlic Cheddar Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus w/ Fried Egg, and Kennebec French Fries.Man...I wish I had took pics!!!!The presentation was amazing... but nothing in comparison to the taste!The steak was perfect. Medium rare... flavorful... served sliced, perfect for sharing! (and perfect for the left overs the next day)The garlic mashed cheddar potatoes... mouthwatering.... The Kennebec Fries.... Ooooohhhh yeah........ best french fries I have ever had!Asparagus w/ fried egg... this is how asparagus should always be served!!!I love not having to walk through a smoke filled casino to get this kind of restaurant.We valet parked within a few feet of the front door. Sooooo glad I found this place! (I think they have some really good happy hour specials that I will be checking out!)
5	One of my favorite restaurants!  Have been here more times that I can count on my fingers! The service and food is above and beyond superb. One server in particular always remembers us, I feel bad bec I can't remember his name but every time he serves us it's always awesome. Always have to get the over the rainbow salad, pork belly and grits and portobello fries just to name a few. The spencer steak and the sea bass are so good. You can't go wrong with whatever entree you decide on. Love the view sitting out on the patio too.
4	A good steakhouse in the 'burbs is rare, so Echo and Rig can easily lay claim to being one of the best. Located in the perennially empty Tivoli Village, the modern, open two-story space features a butcher shop and bar on the first level and the main dining room and patio on the second. The menu is dominated by appetizers and small plates. The best of the bunch might be the portobello fries ($9.80) with their crispy, crunchy fried exterior. If you like fried foods, try the lamb cigars ($8.10) too. A thin, crispy egg roll-like wrapper covers a savory lamb mixture and is accompanied by a tzatziki sauce. Less successful was an excessively oily gratin ($5.90) full of caramelized onions, roasted pumpkin squash, sage and gruyere. You may want to avoid the steak tartare ($8.10) as well. Not only is it the least appetizing looking dish there, the mushy texture made it doubly unappealing. Craving a salad? They've got some good ones, like a kale salad ($8) with baby yellow beets, toasted hazelnuts, goat cheese and a citrus vinaigrette. If you want one with a little more substance the arugula salad comes with plenty of prosciutto and is large enough for two to share.As for main entrees, the Spencer steak ($27.70) is a solid choice. It's a prime grade, center cut rib eye that had a modest amount of charring and a savoriness that was enhanced by their mushroom sauce -- a rich and earthy accompaniment that surpassed their other complimentary sauces.Brussels sprouts are all the rage these days, and their version ($8.10) was enhanced with pistachios that added a nice crunch and salinity to the dish. Even better was a grilled summer corn ($5.90) dish showcasing a char and smokiness that reminded me of eating corn on the cob straight from the grill, but without the mess or random kernels stuck in between my teeth.Not to be overlooked is their butcher blend burger ($12.40) - a great savory and juicy blend of chuck and brisket. Topped with lettuce, tomato, red onions, and the optional sharp cheddar cheese, it's a simple burger that's well proportioned and executed beautifully.They don't have a kid's menu, but were happy to strip down their roasted chicken sandwich ($12) to accommodate my son's tastes -- chicken and cheese on ciabatta.Prices are reasonable for their location and while it's on the higher end of the spectrum of what suburbanites may want to pay off strip, the solid and safe menu makes it a sure bet for most diners.
5	This place was delicious. Our party of eight ordered lots of little plates to share and one 60 oz tomahawk steak. There was enough steak for all to enjoy steak and even had leftovers. The portabella fries were delicious!  The mac & cheese was tasty. Our food was all cooked to perfection.   The price was reasonable.  The wife and I will be back to eat here again!
4	The first time we came here we were rather disappointed. We were told they don't take reservations but that coming in around 6 we should be ok and not have much of a wait. Well, that was totally wrong. We ended up waiting for over an hour for a table and were stressed out because we had people coming over to celebrate my husband's birthday and didn't know if we'd make it home in time. The frustrating part was that we were told it would be a 45 minute wait and it ended up being closer to an hour and a half! And they didn't do a good job letting us know what was going on. The meal itself was good but not exceptional. We have been many times since for their happy hour which is really great. $2 steak & eggs, $2 shrimp cocktail & $1 hot dogs. Plus they have drink specials. The other really nice thing is that they have no corkage fee so you can bring your own wine :-)
4	Truely if my steak didn't taste like it was cooked over a gas flame (slight metallic aftertaste) I would say the Echo & Rig are just as good as The Strip and other well known steakhouses. But, the other cuts of times past and new renditions of popular side excites my want-to-be foodie palate.We ordered the portobello fries (neat to try but wouldn't get again), fried spinach salad (even though the main component is fried and I generally don't order salads with fried chicken etc...this salad is unique and the dressing and texture of the spinach leaves this salad front of mind), garlic mashed (great garlic flavor) and the Ribeye-Cap cut and the Spencer steak (eye of the ribeye and apparently my Grandfather's favorite cut). The steaks are cooked to your expected temperature and unlike most other steakhouses that charge extra to keep your steak company on the plate, Echo & Rig offers house made chips, a stuffed mushroom and choice of five sauces. I will definitely be back, their HH looks promising as does their cocktail list.
5	After losing 3 hours of my life at Hearthstone, we came back to Echo for a proper meal.  This is our third time at Echo, and the food and service continues to improve. The meat quality is always superb, but the excellent flavor of the side dishes is getting more refined and better prepared. As a standout feature, it has to be the customer service.  Its fast, precise, and detailed in every way. The slightest missteps are immediately corrected and the engagement from the managers to the waiters and table staff shows teamwork and strong leadership. Impressive, great food, and continual improvement.  Solid choice for a great meal.
5	We had a great experience for dinner last night. We walked up at about 5:30 and were seated upstairs on the balcony. We had an excellent view of the Christmas tree/fountain and were kept comfortably warm by the heaters. I'm happy we were outside instead of indoors.Derick, the manager, addressed me by last name, shook my hand, and welcomed us to the restaurant as soon as we were seated. He also took our drink order. Nick, our server, provided an extremely thorough description of the menu and offered some great suggestions. He also brought out a tray of various bone-in cuts which you select and they cook immediately. I chose the 30 oz porterhouse.We started with the fried spinach salad (which they split into two portions) and the portobello fries. For entrees, along with the porterhouse, we had the black pasta and the cauliflower. On the side for the steak, I was served the bernaise, charred onion, and red wine demi sauces. All the sauces were good but the steak was seasoned well and held up well on its own. I finished the entire steak. For dessert, peach sorbet to cleanse the palette. All of the food was excellent and flavorful.Flawless service, unique and flavorful food, great atmosphere, and excellent value. We'll definitely make the drive from Henderson again to try more.
5	Echo and Rig delivers constantly excellent food and service at a reasonable price!  The opening statement says it all in a nut shell or in this case a Horseradish Butternut fish dinner (yum)!  We were promptly greeted by a hostess upon entering and seated within a reasonable wait.   Promptly greeted by one of the restaurant managers (Robert Wank) by name no less.  Classy touch and to me this is a sure sign of a well ran restaurant!  Robert gave us a rundown of our waiter and took care of our initial water. The chef did an excellent job in not only quick delivery of the food (yes they were busy) but also the quality was superb!  Richard stopped by to ensure our experience was good and even filled our water got more drinks and picked up plates!  All of the food was excellent in taste and presentation.   Well done Richard Wank and crew!  Anybody who is or inspiring to be in the restaurant business would do themselves a favor to pay Echo & Rigs a visit and learn from their operation!  Too many times I never even see the managers let alone have them interact and ensure each and every customer is well cared for!  Simple things - but in my opinion makes the difference between average and great!
1	1 star for attitude! Yelp indicated it was open at 10:30 so we showed up excited to try this restaurant. The man at the front said they opened at 11am. He dismissed us and wasn't very friendly. It has great reviews but attitude matters!
3	A BEAUTIFUL setting -- lots of big windows, mirrors, light and airy, and a balcony if the weather is right. Plenty of space between tables -- well done! I am somewhat taken aback by all the 5 star reviews because the food, while unusual, was not all that great. Here are the comments from my 5 friends going around the table:New York egg sandwich -two eggs on an English muffin with a slice of bacon and a small green salad. Liked, would order again. Also had potato pancakes -- delicious. Goat cheese quiche: Very "goaty" and sharp. Okay, but would not order again.Fried chicken salad: A big bowl of lettuce with sliced fried chicken on top. A few tiny veggies, but mostly lettuce. Disappointing.Over the Rainbow Salad: The winner of the day. Loved it, would definitely order again (one other diner had been to E&R before and had that and also loved it.) The eggs benedict with salmon. It looked delicious but was rated "okay," would not order again.Grilled cheese sandwich with short rib meat. Grilled to perfection, but skimpy. Two pieces of cheese with bits of meat. Came with yummy potato crisps, but a small salad would have been more welcome. Would not order again.The prices were not outrageous for a nice restaurant -- about $12 for salads and sandwiches.The service was fine -- nothing to rave about. I will probably go back and try something different. Good location, easy parking.
5	How did we miss this place for so long? Had first meal at Echo & Rig at the bar last nite and my only complaint is it was chilly (cold nite) and felt like I was in a bldg lobby, but dining room was full. A minor inconvenience for my lack of making a reservation, as this place delivered on all fronts...from service - Jose was excellent and offered great suggestions, to the selection- (going back soon -too many things we wanted to try but would have been an embarrassment of food), to the flavors-the portobello fries, spicy roasted cauliflower (my pers fav), to the rib cap eye, spencer steak (meat was cooked to perfect temp, so flavorful and at $25-$27 each was a perfect serving size) and garlic cheddar mashed potatoes...what a meal, to finally the very affordable pricing- (incl 2 well shaken martinis and a glass of wine and beer). Very impressed on all fronts and can't remember when the last time a restaurant experience was so perfectly complete (and we just had Christmas Eve dinner at Carnevino -meh!). I look forward to many a more pleasant evenings here.
5	What an amazing meal!!! We sat at the bar and were provided great service from Jeffery, so we decided to dine there too. My hubby and I shared the Bone Marrow Asada, Charred Octopus & a Spencer Steak- fabulous!!!!We live out of state and are already excited to go back when back in Feb  Beth the manger is brilliant!!!! Her grace and hospitality skills went far beyond what we usually see when dining out.  thank you Beth.
5	Best service, best price, and best steakhouse in the city!! Hands down! Went here for my birthday and couldn't have asked for anything better. Will definitely be back!
5	Very nice place. Staff is extremely polite and we got free wine this evening!
4	the steaks rank among the best. the decor is colorful.
5	Outstanding experience! Sam, Beth, & the crew provided fantastic service, and the kitchen hit it out of the park with the ribeye cap & butterfish!
4	Great place for brunch. I really like the balcony views. The food is good but not spectacular however the have a great brunch menu and bottomless. Mimosas. So go relax in the fresh air and enjoy! Service is very attentive and you will want dessert.
4	My wife and I decided to try this place out for our first wedding anniversary. We showed up for an 8pm reservation and were seated immediately. We both had the Filet, which was perfect. The atmosphere was great, and everybody from the hostess to manager and everyone in between were very nice. Service was a little on the slow side, but I'll chalk that up to it being a busy night. It was Friday night at 8pm after all and the dining area was full. We will definitely be eating here again.
5	Great experience, great food, the Rainbow Salad by far the best salad I've had in a long time.  I take clients here from time to time and have never been disappointed.  The selection of beef has been amazing.  I highly recommend.
5	Great food, great service, and unique feel with onsite butcher shop. If you drink wine - no corkage fee!  Huge plus with total wine down the street. Get balcony seating if possible, it's over the fountain and makes for a great setting.  Highly recommend especially for bachelor party or going out in groups.  It has an open concept for most tables,  which I like (but my parents did not).
2	I at first thought this place had a lot of promise, but inconsistencies are occurring too often, the wait is always ridiculous and the service has been hot and cold. First incident was a dinner with my parents a few months ago. I chose not to do a review and maybe try to see if this was a exceptionally bad moment for them and that they can resurrect it. I probably shouldn't have as I completely forgot that the reason why dinner with friends was exceptional and we had some comped items was because they messed something up on the groups check the week prior they dined without me.Anyways back to dinner with my parents The wait was 90 minutes, but then the food service was so slow and full of mistakes we were stuck there another 2 hours. I will spare the details but basically it was long wait to order something...appetizers came eventually...i was told that they didn't have what I ordered so I changed my entree....waiting...waiting...waiting....then we had to send back food multiple times. I am one of those people who don't send back small errors... We dine out a lot and asked for a refire twice this entire year, one of them being this. All of my vegetables were raw, my fish not cooked right. My fiance's steak was sent back THREE times because medium rare wasn't a possibility. A ribeye shouldn't be half a inch thin to where they can't get a steak to anything but well done. I have not been to a place where the staff knew how bad it was and comped the entire meal and gave me a card and asked to let them know when I will be back for dinner so they can ensure it went well. Unfortunately, it was the 1 day my parents were in town and did not bode well for me as a host. I'm now stuck to chain restaurants because I am not trusted to take them to small businesses now. They rather go to PF Changs.I havent dined for dinner since and tried instead to do cocktails and snacks to ease into this place again. I went with drinks with friends and it was just OK in terms of food and drink. We sat in the tiny tables downstairs against the snack station which wasn't comfy and feels more suited to being used as seating for those waiting to dine in, than any sort of service. Service wasn't attentive. Went with friends most recently and I was just done with the long waits for a place to sit and not being able to handle the crunch with a backed up kitchen again. Good thing I overheard people complaining and some frustrated looking tables so that I got a headsup. I didn't want to sit for hours so I decided to opt out of getting food at all. Got a drink and left. This place will keep being busy because of location alone. There's few places worth the wait and this is not it.
5	I dined here back in November and found this place while surfing on yelp, one word "AWESOME!!!" Service is the best I've ever experienced, from the moment we arrived, the girl at the desk was very pleasant and friendly. The hostess that showed us to the table - I never saw the back of her head as she welcomed and thanked us for joining them for dinner, also asking how did we find out about their establishment, as we were seated and she said, "enjoy". The manager, Xavier, came right over and introduced himself, welcoming us as well, asking us if our table was okay and if there is anything at all we needed don't hesitate to call him over and enjoy your experience. As soon as he turned, our waiter Jason arrived and welcomed us, he was very humorous as well as informative, the best waiter we ever had! The fine dining restaurants In Vegas should train there staff at Echo & Rig. I don't want to spoil the experience and go into detail, but this is the place to go, I will dine here every time I'm In Vegas. I felt like a V.I.P. at Echo & Rig, Thank You for a wonderful experience...P.S. The food..... OMG!!!...
