1	I decided to visit this location as I was already headed to Whole Foods. I should have stuck with my local store where most the girls know me and are helpful. I was returning 3 bottles of product Two of them had exploded. The first thing the cashier asked me was "Did you leave these in your car? You know it's hot in Arizona" I let her know they exploded all on their own, under my bathroom sink (Lovely). She called her manager who wanted to swap them out for new, I said no thank you and that I would appreciate a refund. Both were irritated with me at this point, one told the other how detailed a return has to be and that she would have to clean the messy bottles and add them to their return's box. Aren't you being paid to work?
1	I recently moved to Az from Ca. I was happy to learn that there was Cosmo prof here because I loved shopping there at the local store in San Bernardino Ca. I have visited the Indian school location about a half dozen times since ive been here, ive been here for 9 months now, and everytime I went was to purchase clipper blades, I thought whats going on and how often should i have to replace them?? I only do about 10 men cuts a month so last week i went there to get replacement blades and while i was in line i noticed inside the unopened package the blades were oily and were full of hair, i brought it to the employees attention and she told me to put it to the side and get another, i think i know why my blades are dulling so quickly. I wont be back to that location. I think they are refurbishing used blades and charging for new.. In fact I will not go to a Cosmo Prof again, will be looking for another pro store
4	I'm currently a beauty school student and visit this store quite regularly for my beauty supplies.  The staff is friendly enough, even though I've heard and read terrible things about them.  They aren't overly friendly, but because of the things I had already heard about my fellow classmates who had said that the staff was rude, I went out of my way to be super friendly, hoping they would return the kindness.  They did, and every time I go in there they are super helpful.  They do not go out of their way to help me, but they do help and are friendly when I ask.  The manager in this location is always friendly with me.
