5	Even though few people have ever heard of Astara (Biogenic Skincare) - this natural/holistic line - used in spas - is terrific.Expensive but not crazy, and terrific products that really works.It truly is like food for the skin.Awesome!  Try the Golden Flame, Green Papaya and Blue Flam masques.I also swear by the antioxidant emulsion.The products also happen to smell divine.  (All those essential oils and plant-derived ingredients make them smell so good.)
5	I got their products from a boutique in santa monica, ca...The whole line is SO nice, now I'm addicted. I use everything from the Blue Flame line - the mask is amazing, it its the only clay mask that really works on my skin. I love the green papaya mask and the yellow one, I forget what it's called but it's niiice.Also the glycolic peel and the marine treatment are dank.I LOVE the toner and the blue flame botanical face wash, it's like washing your face in rose petals and lavender, it's so gentle yet has exfoliating qualities to it... super nice stuff - not too overpriced for the level of QUALITY.
5	The winter chill is here in AZ and it is time to get serious about your skincare, otherwise you'll be a cracked, bumpy, red mess.  Arizona, which is never really known for balmy or moist, tends to get very dry in November and it lasts throughout the winter months.I have used their Botanical Cleansing Gele (even works for shaving cream), Daily Refining Scrub (fresh scent and not harsh), AHA Nutrient Toning Essence (with natural lactic acid & vitamin C), Antioxidant Light Moisturizer (Packed with bioactive clarifying, healing and anti-bacterial elements, this daily moisturizer helps to protect your skin from free radicals, UV sun damage and environmental pollutants), and their Blue Flame Mask ( Made famous by Rosie O'Donnell sporting a mask of it in her magazine, the mask sold out in NYC and the surrounding area.)  Sunny Griffin is a name and face synonymous with Astara Skin Care.  She created the company after living in Colorado for a number of years.  The dry air, high-altitude and sun left her skin yearning for moisture.Follow me here, I'm going to connect worlds and lifetimes that may seem odd, but it works.  Years ago, Sunny was a FORD Model (1962-80) and graced the covers of Glamour, Vogue, Good Housekeeping and Family Circle.  She also did ad campaigns for Virginia Slims, Kay Windsor, Clairol, Tab Soda and Avon.  The whirlwind life of travel & glamor took it's toll and she learned quickly that massage, facials, and living well meant many things.  The original super model from the 1960's shared her longevity secrets here for how she has remained thin, beautiful, fit and healthy for the last 50 years through diet, skin care, exercise and a great attitude... http://youtu.be/fFwABPjkX3sThere are so many products in the spa world that had great origins, grew to be a cultural and are then sold off as a brand name.  Let me assure you, that will never be the case of Astara Skin Care, now based in Phoenix, AZ.  These high-end products can be found in Arizona at Sanctuary Spa on Camelback Mountain and Amansala Spa at the Scottsdale Resort & Conference Center.
