5	I was in the mood for some authentic Deli and I saw this new place open.  It was great! the corned beef was lean, the rye bread fresh, crispy pickles and of course they serve Coke products.  The baked deserts looked wonderful.  The portion was filling.I cant wait to try their breakfast and their own bagels
5	I noticed that Kashman's went out of business and JJ's Deli took over.  I had to experience this new deli for myself.  I just ate my second meal there just to make sure it was truly as good as my first visit.  The service and attitude of the owner Roger, his family and employees was top notch.  They are genuine, sincere, authentically warm and strive to provide the highest level of service without jeopardizing food quality.  I ate the corned beef sandwich with coleslaw and swiss which was awesome. The meat like Michael H. reviewed was lean and delicious.  Yesterday, had the Chinese chicken salad and the dressing was spicy and killer.  Fresh and cool. Just the way I love it.  Since I had a big appetite I also engaged in a warm buffalo chicken sandwich which was amazing.  I kid you not... you will see me frequenting this place consistently.  See you at JJ's soon and you wont be disappointed.
5	Two for two. This becoming my new favorite place
4	I feel the need to update my review since matters have dramatically improved since I last wrote my past negative review. I find the staff to be consistently friendly, especially Jacob, Renee, Lupe, Eddie and Richard...The owner has gotten to improve a little too, although I still find him to be a douche bag...His wife Jennie is a doll, but he sure carries himself around like he has a chip on his shoulders...Interestingly enough, his son Jacob is the total opposite and is always very warm, welcoming and always manages to have a smile on his face....And now that bitchy Kim is gone, nobody else's day has to be ruined due to a woman constantly menopausing....Some things changed for the better since JJ's took over. There is a lot more variety on the menu including the famous Knish. However, some of the staff remained and while some of them are very pleasant, there is a stagnant unpleasant person at the cashier whom I believe will ultimately lead this deli to fail. Do I have to plan ahead in order for me to visit JJ's on the grumpy lady's day off ? I guess so!...She's now gone thank GOD!!!It was really too bad for a business to have such wonderful food yet be tarnished by one unpleasant person. I am not asking for much, but why should I support a business where I consistently am not greeted with warmth and friendliness by one person who was consistently grumpy ?So in a rare gesture for me, I am upgrading JJ's to 4 stars because yes I am a fan and yes they have improved...
4	Tried JJ's bagels twice.  Liked them very much.  Actually liked them better than Kashmans.   They had a nice firmness to the outside and a bit chewy like I like them.  I still prefer the size of  a New York bagel to these, but they had good texture.I thought the staff was very friendly, especially one of the male employees in the morning.  Don't know his name but he met me at the door w/ quite a greeting and  also said goodbye when I left.  Big smile.  I felt like he enjoyed this place and that goes a long way.  I'll have to come back to see how they make a sandwich!
5	Great deli - best I've had since my last trip to NYC. Try the P'nish - a sandwich using a knish as the bread is excellent. Had mine with turkey, swiss, thousand island and cole slaw. Classic yet innovative. I understand that bagels are made the right way - boiled then baked - just like in the old country. Better than Chompies. If you're from Tucson and remember the Hot Bagel Bakery on Speedway - JJ's bagels are as good as those were. You can't miss the owner, Roger, when you walk in - I don't know that anyone has ever seemed so happy to see me patronize a restaurant as Roger did. Really made me feel welcome. Only open breakfast and lunch - no dinner. Great patio seating with lots of umbrellas & dog friendly (I didn't know that last time - I'll have to bring my basset next time). Highly recommend JJ's as possibly the best deli in the Phx area.
4	It's early Sunday morning, and, as I often do, I want lox. Lots of lox. In the past we went to Kashman's, but the times are a changing and JJ's Delicatessen has improved on our usual New York-style deli. To start, breath easy, because Lupe is still there, greeting you warmly as you walk in and making sure you find a seat. He's great. The menu has changed a bit, and there is a sports theme running through the menu and the decor. The new owners seem to be Mets fans, and my beau may or may not hold that against them. We ordered  the L.E.O omelet (Lox, eggs, & onions) and the veggie skillet. They both came with a bagel and schmear, and the omelet also had a side of fruit.  Everything was freshly prepared to-order and came out quick. The staff was very accommodating when something came out wrong and quickly addressed our concerns. I greatly enjoyed the omelet - it was simple, and had the right proportion of lox to eggs. I might have peppered it up a bit more, but I like food with a kick. The veggie skillet was also very good - lots of potatoes, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, peppers and cheese! You can order the skillet with any combo of veggies, meat, and cheese. Come hungry, because the skillet is a serious portion! The bagels and schmear are made in-house and are pretty good - not exactly like my favorite New York bagels, but a nice compromise. I do need to return to try the knish!I thought the prices were a bit steep for a delicatessen, but perhaps the prices go with the portion size. Some things seemed to be priced correctly or even slightly under-priced, like the skillets that come with a bagel, or the omelets that come with a bagel and side of fruit or potato ($10 or less). Other dishes, like the lox platter seemed a bit steep ($10.95). Then again, I'm not sure how much lox come with the platter, so maybe it's not such a fishy deal after all! I'll have to investigate the other menu items and do a little more price comparison to decide.Overall, JJ's is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and a great place to stop in for Sunday brunch, or any time you are craving some Jewish comfort food.
4	Forgive me for being gross, but I have to tell you my favorite way to judge a Jewish-style deli. It's by how much you enjoy the post-meal burps. And the new JJ's Delicatessen at Pinnacle Peak and Scottsdale Road rates high on the burp-o-meter!! It's been open since July in the spot once occupied by Kashman's. In my opinion, JJ's is much better. The service is lovely (a big change), the menu extensive, and the food delicious.     I ordered the signature sandwich, a "Pnish" ($8.95). It's a "square potato knish sliced in half and filled with your favorite meat, cheese and dressing, then grilled panini style". I chose corned beef, swiss cheese, and Russian dressing. For my included-in-the-price side, I got cole slaw. In general I'm not a great fan of knishes, but this one did make a great (and unusual) sandwich. The corned beef was a tad dry, but with Russian dressing and cole slaw, who'd notice? The cole slaw was fabulous; I appreciated its sweetness, and Ken its sourness. We both loved the freshness. All the salads are made daily. As are the breads and bagels. Ken had a cinnamon raisin bagel, which I, of course, tried. It was more dense than most Arizona bagels, and chewy, so it reminded me somewhat of New York bagels. Ken's fruit platter was quite large, and the fruit was ripe and tasty.     All the pastry looked delicious. We took home a chocolate horn and an apricot hamantaschan. Both were shockingly good. The hamantaschan dough was melt-in-your-mouth rich, and the tart filling was a pleasant contrast. The texture of the chocolate horn was perfect, it shattered when I bit into it, yet it wasn't dry. The chocolate had a good flavor. By the way, iced coffee goes perfectly with chocolate horns, and JJ's makes theirs using a cold drip method. I had ice tea with my sandwich, and it was excellent.     We're planning to try breakfast at JJ's. There's a huge variety of options including a L.E.O.($9.95), matzo brie ($8.95), and a whitefish salad platter ($10.95). Latkes and blintzes are both available at $10.95. Not cheap, but I bet there'd be enough to share. Coffee comes in many forms: cappucino, latte, macchiato, etc. And more pastry.     As we were getting ready to leave I experienced my first JJ's burp. I got into the car with a big smile on my face.
3	Went to JJ's today for the first time since it opened.  Overall, I felt it was the same thing as Kashman's with a few minor additions to the menu including some tasty looking Jewish baked goods.  My Husband got the corn beef omelet, which he had before when it was Kashman's with no changes.  I got the Pnish, which I was excited for, but when it came it was cold and they put the wrong meat in it and forgot my mustard.  So, all in all, the place was a good as Kashman's but I wasn't please with what I got.  We'll go back again because I love sitting outside on the weekends at this cozy place.
4	Went here for the first time on Halloween, Gotta say I wasn't really expecting a whole lot. It was late and near closing but the guys there were still pretty upbeat. The place has a few posters on the wall and they were pretty amusing. It was clean and neat. We got the food to go but I overheard someone saying to another customer that if they wanted a pickle they would deliver for em, that's what they do. I like that! I run a restaurant and know the value of customer service that was a big +1I got a basic Roast beef; just tom, mayo, lettuce, and meat on the fresh baked bread. Got back and it was like back east. The shredded lettuce I was used to growing up. The chewy bread and rare beef. I have to say it was all well worth the like 5 bucks it cost. The chips are good too. crunchy like kettle cooked and not overly salty.I would recommend this over subway ANY day of the week. There's no such thing as perfect so Ill give this my highest review of 4/5
3	Our rep brought in lunch from JJ's to our office.  We used to always order lunch to go from Cashman's, so thought to give the new place a go.  We all liked our sandwiches that we got. I had the Ham and Brie, it was a little sodium overload, but it was good, had a fruit salad and pickle. It's not Cashman's, but it'll do. True test will be trying their bagels and eating breakfast there. To be continued...
5	Awesome east coast style deli food with a fresh and healthy update, this is the best, we go there all the time
4	For deli North of the loop, this is the place to go.The menu is pretty much the same as Kashmans, with a few new items (like Coney Island knishs!).  Prices are the same, or a tad higher.  Same great quality, however.  Everything is always very fresh.  I love the greek salad, the trifecta sampler (chicken salad, tuna salad, and egg salad - but all doctored and not run of the mill) ,and the deli sandwiches are great, though once I ordered a turkey and chopped liver, and it was VERY thin and scant of meat.  Must have been an off day as normally the portions are very generous.The soups are great, as are the breakfasts, etc.  BUT, the bagels are the best you'll find in Arizona, in my opinion.
5	Simply the BEST!  Unbelievable selection of food, FRIENDLY staff (love LUPE) fresh, fast and a great patio for sitting outside on a beautiful AZ morning.  Enjoy!
4	Love, Love, Love JJ's!!We've been here a few times and will definitely be found here many more mornings to come! The staff is charming in the friendly way that makes you want to eat here every morning! The food is pretty decent too. I always order an Iced Vanilla Latte to start off with. I don't know what it is but I can't seem to try anything else because it's so yummy!The Denver omelette is my fav... it's always filled with a good amount of 'stuffings'. They put the cheese on the top too- which is the way I like it, otherwise I feel like I'm just eating a pound of cheese if it's mixed in like other places. It comes with toast or a bagel and a side. So of course I get a bagel for the bf  to enjoy with his meal and fruit for myself. By the way, the bagels are sooo soft and chewy. We probably won't be going back to Einstein's anytime soon.The sandwiches are so yummy too! They all taste so fresh. The bread seems like it just came out of the oven, meat just sliced and lettuce just cut! Although, my one dislike is I think the chicken salad is a bit on the sweet side.It tends to be on the pricey side but for the amount, service and quality you receive I don't mind paying a few extra dollars!
5	Breakfast was excellent. Get the breakfast burrito
5	the best of everything here, food and service, you will love it.  You never know who you will see, yankess, hockey palyer, basketball, movie stars, etc.
4	I was pleasantly surprised.  I had not been back to the former Kashman's because I didn't care for it before.  I think the service and food is much better now.  We went there with the twins and requested a couple of scramble eggs for them to be done first.  They did so and were very accommodating.  I had the pancakes, remember to request the real maple syrup. They were delicious, and an huge portion, I shared some with the twins and my husband and still couldn't finish it.  My husband had the breakfast burrito, it was very good.  He ask to add potato to it and they did so.  The pastries look so good, we'll have to try them next time. We will certainly be back soon.
4	Dare I say it and commit heresy?  Yes!  JJ's is better than Kashman's was.  Which is a high compliment indeed.
1	We went here last weekend for breakfast, and boy, has this place slid in quality.  Place looked really dirty inside, portions got smaller, prices went up, and all the experience did was make me miss Kashmans even more.  We won't go back.
4	We've been going here since the previous place, Kashman's was there.  Must say, now, a year later after re-opening as JJ's - the food is much better!  (As is the management/owner involvement and the friendliness!)This is a convenient place; the food is good for breakfast (You could work on the potatoes/sides, though....) and the staff is really nice.  I love the fact they recognize us (Mainly the dog I think...); this is a really dog friendly places - a few Milk Bone treats are always available and the staff always asks if the "doggie" wants water.  The lunch sandwiches are good; they use really good quality cheeses and meats for their sandwiches.I am looking forward to more "tweaks" in the food quality (It has improved - the bagels were always good, but the egg dishes used to be horrible as Kashman's.), and I think I would move this up to a 5 star rating.  It's almost there.
5	Had the totally most awesome breakfast here this week. I ordered the Southwest omelette, loaded with cheese and green pepperrs, and that was excellent. The potatoes were a close 2nd. I don't think I've ever had such tasty potatoes as a side. The coffee was hot and yummy and the owner even asked me to sample some new rye bread he was considering taking on. All is all, a fantastic experience. The kids and wife and I will hit it again this weekend.
1	Other than Rene and Lupe who are consistently outstanding in every respect, some of the other staff are unfriendly and downright unwelcoming.  - It is really a shame that the  owners just don't get it, especially considering it is their first foray in the restaurant business...If people who come in to your place of  business, especially a restaurant...and they feel like you are a bother...why did you get into this business to begin with. Your food is actually quite decent, but the attitude of some of the staff is awful and downright inhospitable.I'll tell you what....Starbucks gets it -  and they are a chain! I would prefer to go to Starbucks and get a awesome experience each and every time, rather than waste my time and to support and patronize a business whose owners are incapable of the basics such as being friendly. Its really too bad - and while some people are blind enough to like you, I have gone on with my life not feeling the need to support you any longer as you never even once showed that my business was appreciated.
5	After my first visit, I fell in love with JJ's Delicatessen.  Everything is made-to-order with quality ingredients.  My boyfriend and I stopped by one Sunday morning for some breakfast.  Everything on the expansive menu sounded delicious.  JJ's serves breakfast  (skillets, eggs, pancakes, french toast, omelettes, pastries, etc), lunch and other savory deli items (knish, challah...). Place your order at the counter, grab some coffee and find a seat inside or on the patio.  I ordered an egg white Greek omelette with fresh fruit and a whole wheat bagel (the options included potatoes or fruit and bagel or toast).  My honey had two eggs with fruit and a side of buttermilk pancakes. Our food arrived within minutes of finding a spot on the patio.  What impressed me most about JJ's is the quality of the food.  When ordering an egg white omelette you'd expect less eggs and more veggies than your typical "whole-egg" omelette.  Not so at JJ's.  The veggies were fresh and the egg whites were plentiful.  I finally found a place that caters to my health-nut tendencies without skimping on quantity or flavor.  Did I mention the buttermilk pancakes are phenomenal?JJ himself was helping customers, busing tables and even moving in heating lamps for the chilly patron.  It was nice to have our needs met by the owner himself.  Amazing food, service and down-to-earth atmosphere.  I will be back!
5	JJ's deli created an incredible display of sandwiches, chips, pickles, and condiments for a large off site party this week.  All I can say is, the food was delicious, the displays were classy and they thought of everything!  The best experience I have had organizing an event.
5	Awesome!  Heard about it in So Scottsdale Mag and tried the Challah french toast stuffed with cream cheese....amazing.  My husband had an omlet and the potatoes were also great....a must try for sure!
4	This is a wonderful family owned restaurant with amazing service. Bagels are the best! Both the breakfast and lunch menus are extensive and the kitchen is very willing to make any dietary exceptions you have.
5	updated review after a couple of years of going there almost every week!Simply the best place to eat in Arizona period. It is everything you would want from a true NY style deli/restaurant with a fresh and healthy update. Top quality food, bagels made on premise (TRUE NY bagles, dont know how they do it!), great services and very friendly- family owned!You can sit inside or outside in sidewalk cafe style. A dream come true, everything you would want from a NY cafe but local.
4	A July 4th visit to JJ's Deli.  My dog LOVES this place; she gets all excited when we say "Let's go to JJ's", "Want to go?".  Her favorite is two scambled egg whites on a plastic plate.  Today was a dog crazy day; almost everyone had their dog.  Thanks for continuing to make this place dog friendly; with free Milkbones.  I think you should add some "doggie" items (i.e. a fresh baked biscuit to your menu - you'd sell a lot.)  We go about 3 times a month.The food is good; and really improved since it was Kashman's Place.  I also think some "upgrades" to the side dishes - fruit and breakfast potatoes are better, but still could use some work.
5	First of all, anyone who complains about Roger should have their teeth kicked in! The man is a Saint! And for the cheapskate who complained about "lunch for two with drinks $25.00" ..please go to Subway..you belong there. At JJ's everyone is cool, food is great, service outstanding...glad they're here.
5	I LOVE a business where the owner is present and involved in the business every day. The staff make you feel like you have always gone here as a kid and are part of the neighborhood. And I will put their cheesy scrambled eggs ( Jacobs scramble) up against any eggs In the valley.
5	Food - I'm addicted to their breakfast bagels. JJ's starts with a fresh and spongy bagel and piles on their ridiculously fluffy eggs. I usually add sausage or turkey sausage if I'm watching my girlish figure. Then they smother on cheese to hold it all together. I can't always finish it all in one sitting, but it's too good to not try.Note: They only have one size coffee, 20oz. I usually don't need that much, but for the coffee drinkers out there, it should hold you over.For lunch, I tried their pastrami on rye with slaw. THANK YOU JJ's for staying true to the deli values of loading ungodly amounts of meat on every sandwich. This thing was piled so high it needed the toothpick to hold it all together. Absolutely delicious and I can't wait to try others.Service - The staff is great. They always greet me personally and called me by name after only going once. Very sincere, genuinely nice people and seem to always be looking out for you. I overheard someone complaining that they were given the wrong sandwich. It was such a slight variation that they didn't even ask for a replacement. Still, the staff brought them out the new sandwich and comp'd them drinks!Price - My one beef is that they do run on the pricier side. A full breakfast bagel and coffee is going to put you around 9 bucks and the lunch is going to be over 10. I'm cheap, so that might not be bad for folks who frequent this area. Though, it's tough to get upset when the food is so good and you get a ton.Authenticity - Two cars rocking New York plates sitting out front! Legit.
1	Worst. They are rude and awful people. The owner is a giant douche and seems to hate the world as a result.
4	We went to JJ's Deli because they offer a pet friendly patio.  This was a nice clean out door area with many tables.  This is the kind of place where you go up to the counter to place your order and then they bring it out to you.  The bagels were fantastic and the service was nice.  We will be back, with our dogs!
4	I have been to this place two times and both visits have been good.  The staff was nice and the orders were correct (got carryout). I got the breakfast bagel sandwich the first time and the greek omelet the next time. Both items were fresh and tasty, and my husband's breakfast burrito was really good! They have awesome breakfast potatoes as well. If you are looking for a good local spot to run in and grab breakfast or lunch this is a great place!
5	Thank you Yelp, have been to the area before and found this gem on this trip, loved the omelets and pancakes. Quick and real good can't wait for our next trip to the the Valley of the Sun.
5	JJ's is not the cheapest place in town, but you will not be disappointed with the vast menu, taste or portion size. And, the staff is friendly and helpful -- imagine! If you have kids and they love pancakes, they'll love JJ's pancakes.
5	Everytime I've gone here for lunch it's been fantastic.  The service is super friendly and the food is AWESOME!!!  With the weather as it is now it's always welcomed to eat outside in the fresh air!  The staff let me know that every morning they make their bagels fresh which is something to stow away for the early morning meetings.  I typically get the Pastrami Ruben and it's one of the best the Valley has to offer.  They are also super pet friendly which is nice for someone who doesn't want to leave their fourlegged friend while they grab a snack.  They also offer wonderful alternatives such as fresh fruit to sub out for chips and the Matsa Ball soup is RAD!!!
4	As if their breakfast dishes weren't already amazing, they go and have some of the friendliest service! I'd recommend...just about anything!
1	Horrible food...tasteless!! NY style Deli..obviously you never been to NY..My husband and I ordered pastrami ...it had no flavor and was like rubber..the side potato salad..bland and the pasta salad was a joke...tasted like just boiled pasta.  I would not recommend this restaurant...
4	Great deli.  Probably the best around.  Also one of the best reubens I've ever had.  Awesome bread (homemade I think) and tender corned beef; the stuff dreams are made of.The only downside of this place is that the staff is overly friendly.  Like borderline annoying.  It was like being in Mexico when the locals try to usher you into a pharmacia or some other tourist trap.  I guess it doesn't matter though because I want to go back asap.  That reuben was just as addicting as whatever is in those Mexican pharmacias.
4	Great bagels, great atmosphere (especially on the weekends).....
3	This used to be Kashman's deli and I loved Kashman's so walking in there I had high expectations.  Unfortunately it wasn't what I had hoped, the bagels were $3.00 but good and the Challah French Toast was not bad either!  My omelette was decent but how good can an omelette be?  It just did not have that homey feel that I was used to but overall okay place!
4	we eat breakfast here every Sunday and love it!  I am both glad and sad that their portions are so big.  The food is delicious and I want to stop eating because I am full, but I don't stop.  I look forward to every Sunday breakfast
1	This was nothing short of an outrage.  It wasn't the food, but rather the service that left a bitter taste in my mouth.I walked into the deli with a family of 7 walking in just ahead of me (they held the door for me in fact).  They have 2 registers @ this deli (one on either side of the counter). Both had a single customer at them, next in line was the large family, and then there was me. Both registers completed the orders with their single guests. I stood behind the large family for 2 or 3 minutes as they were really indecisive, it was the 1st time they'd been here for some of them, etc.  Neither of the cashiers bothered to call me forward to either open register. They both just stood there waiting for the large family? What the...... ?  Finally, getting frustrated and perturbed, I stepped forward and asked the matriarch of the family if it would be alright if I went ahead explaining that all I wanted was 2 bagels to go. How ridiculous that I'm just standing there waiting with 2 people available to help me.  They made no effort to do so.  She said that was totally fine so I approached one of the registers. The little twerp looked annoyed with me from the get-go. It was like I was inconveniencing him trying to order something from this deli.  I felt as though he would rather have not bothered with me, and that he would have been more content with an empty register so that h could carry on a conversation with the other employees.Anyway, I order 2 bagels to go. Not difficult. I give him the first bagel order. Next I ordered the second.  "You wanted it scooped, right, " he asked me.  "What?" I asked.  "I'm not sure what you said."  He repeated, "Did you want that scooped?"  I explained that I did not know what that meant. Next, this idiot says, "But you asked for the first one scooped, right?" Again, I explained to him that I had never even heard that term before so how could I have asked for that.Looking increasing annoyed, instead of asking me if I'd like something to drink, he just pointed @ the beverage cups.  What an asshole!!!  If all of this isn't enough, after I paid him with my credit card, instead of saying thank you and handing me back my card, he just tossed my card down on the counter in front of me to give it back.  I couldn't even believe the mistreatment. I would not ever go here.  There are other family owned bagel shops that appreciate a person's patronage. :"(
5	I love this neighborhood deli. Whether its their yummy bagels, their awesome"just can't beet salad" or the most scrumptious Rueben sandwich ever.... I'm never disappointed and I've been going here for years now!
2	I have to call 'um like I see 'um, and though I don't particularly like writing negative reviews, this place has failed me once again!!!My husband and I just got finished taking our 6 month old baby to the pediatric eye doctor which happens to be located only one mile south of J.J.'s.  It was an early morning 8:00am appointment so we didn't have time for breakfast prior to the appointment.  Since we were hungry when we got out, it was too convenient not to give J.J.'s another chance.  This time, we walked in the door and nobody else was there.  I got a different cashier (fortunately) who was courteous (added one star for this guy).The trouble came when our order was ready.  My husband loves to sit outside @ restaurants - especially in the mornings.  In fact, he was already out there while I was still inside waiting for our order.  Our order when ready was brought out by . . . guess who????  YEP - that little twerp who was so rude to me on my last visit!!!  The guy asked me where we'd like to sit.  I replied, "Outside please.  My husband is already out there."  Instead of just complying and bringing our order outside to where my husband was waiting, he says to me, "Are you sure???  It's REALLY hot out there and there are TONs of flies."  WHAT THE HECK???   It's only 9:00am and 90 degrees out.  Granted it's not the coolest of temperatures, but in the shade we would have been fine.  FLIES????  I'm thinking to myself, "Why do you even have a patio then, if it's so terrible for people to sit there?!?!?!?"  I didn't really know how to respond to that.  Finally, I decided not to fight him further on that and I was standing near the soda machine and refrigerator that holds the bottled beverages so I just asked him to set it down on that table closest to me telling him I guess my husband would have to come back in eventually (once we never appeared outside.  LOL).  So, I fill my fountain drink and go to sit down when **BANG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**  The same idiot had opened the bottled beverage refrigerator and carelessly knocked a bottle off the shelf shattering it within a few feet of us.  I noticed some glass in the lower basket part of our stroller (WHICH MY BABY WAS SITTING IN @ THE TIME).  I was so worried the baby could have been cut or that some glass may have gotten into the upper part of the stroller.  Luckily, he was alright and since he was facing the other direction, was not harmed.  YEP . . . I think I'm finished with this place.  Too bad, because the bagels aren't bad. . . just that employee.
5	This is the best breakfast place around. Period. They are consistent, fast, delicious and very friendly. They also are great caterers.  I would bet there is no friendlier staff in AZ.
5	Great patio spot!!! Lots of menu options!
5	One of the best deli's in Phoenix, homemade bagels and bread is amazing and so maby things on the menu are great. Try the chicken scoop salad or TBLT! Great staff too, very friendly and quick service.
5	Delicious family owned and operated deli! Friendly people with tons of menu options. They have a patio that welcomes pets to dine too. My fav is the whole wheat everything flagel (thin bagel) with eggs and turkey sausage!
4	I am very happy that I have found some decent non chain restaurants up in North Scottsdale! JJ's is a great Deli!I ordered the Tuna Sandwich and got a side of Cucumber salad.  My coworker got the Dave's Bagelwich. My sandwich was delicious!!! My only disappointment was the size of the side. 3 bites and it was gone - would probably be 2 for males. Coworker loved her bagel sandwich. I do wish they had half sours, but oh well. I will be back for sure!
5	This place gets it. You greeted with a smile. Helped with your order selection. Many options so usually just describe what I want. Good hot coffee. Check back with me to see if I need anything. Meals are delicious and generous.
4	Amazing breakfast burritos that are loaded with eggs/chorizo, cheese and potatoes.  The Omelets and Skillets will leave you very satisfied and full.  Great family ownership and service.
4	Great breakfast.  Been there a lot and never had a bad meal.  Good iced tea too.
5	My wife and I love their bagels.  They toast up crispy and every variety has lots of flavor.  Their patio is our favorite Saturday morning coffee and bagel spot in the Valley.Nice folks inside and their breakfast items are delicious.Well worth a stop.
5	BEST TUNA SANDWICH IN THE WORLD.A stretch - you say? That's because you haven't tried it.I order mine on sourdough bread, lightly toasted, with a chocolate milk (homemade, creamy and scary-good) or Seattle's Best Coffee. Note: This morning I failed to mention "lightly" toasted, so the bread was toasted-toasted and shredded allllllll the skin in my mouth on the way down. Still tasty, but worth noting. All of the other bites of food I've stolen off my boyfriend's plate are pretty good too .. more classic type breakfast, nothing fancy. He does always order a bagel though because they are made fresh in-house and the seasonings are all the way around the bagel not just on top - crucial. They also have a frequent buyers stamp card, which is good for us because we are there all the time it seems.Anyways, that's all. Eat the tuna - Tom's Terrific Tuna is it's official title. You're welcome!
5	Their omelets are phenomenal!!! I highly recommend them... The eggs and ingredients are always so fresh and delicious! And the potatoes are Mmm -- so good!!!
3	Well, we have continued to go to J.J.'s though I have NOT wanted to go there.  This has been due to convenience ONLY for the most part since it is only about 2 miles from our home and there are no other bagel shops even close to near by.I must say the majority of the employees continue to not really seem to care one way or the other if we are there or not which still annoys and disappoints me.However, there is one gentleman who buses the tables (who happens to be Hispanic) who is great, always welcoming when he's there and services us, and stands out among the rest of the crowd there.  I was so impressed with him in fact that I went out of my way to give him a $25 American Express gift card for Xmas and that's saying a lot since everyone knows in general I have not been overly impressed by the customer service at this place.I also increased my # of stars because the last 3 or 4 times we've been there, a gray-haired lean gentleman has been there managing things.  I'm not sure if he's a new morning manager, perhaps the owner, or what the case is with him, but he's also shown a great interest in the fact that we are there and been friendlier.  Service over all has been much better.  Good job J.J.'s.  Must say - IMPROVEMENT NOTED!  :-)
5	On the days when I want my deli breakfast fix, I don't even consider going to work without hitting JJs first.  Baglewhich with scrambled eggs, bacon, american cheese on a Pumpernickel bagel!!! you haven't lived until you've had it.  Do it now, do it for all of humanity.
5	Kate S, the lean grey haired gentleman is the owner.  He takes great pride in his restaurant- the food quality, the service and the friendliness of his staff.  JJ's is the BEST restaurant in this area.  I have always had exceptional service and the highest quality of food.  It's obvious by the crowds flocking to JJ's, that it is a great place to go any day for breakfast or lunch.  It is the most accommodating restaurant, whether you are grabbing something quick to go or wanting to lounge around.  The portions are extremely generous and tasty.  Even their catering is top notch.  The staff is incredible, always attentive to their patrons.   It is always clean and the food is delicious.  I will recommend JJs without any hesitation.  So  please Kate S, stop  throwing out your negative comments on a place that is such an asset to North Scottsdale.
1	Worse lox I've ever had and cost an arm and leg.... I'll never get a lox from this deli again..
5	A girlfriend introduced me to JJ's, and we've made it a point to share the Cobb Salad and the Santa Fe Grilled Chicken sandwich for our monthly get-togethers.  DELISH
5	MUST TRY!   You'll come back.  Service is off the charts, friendly & personable.  Food is yummy and they are quick!!!!   Fun and Delicious...great combination.
4	Very friendly service. I think he owner JJ was the guy who made my iced coffee. Very friendly and helped adjust my coffee to taste. Clean, which is a big plus. I'm coming back to try the bagels tmrw.
5	I love going to JJ's for breakfast. They have friendly staff and always take very good care of me. The owner definitely goes out of his way to make sure you are happy and being taken care of. It is a neighborhood spot so if you live in North Scottsdale you should check it out, you may see someone you know.
4	We love having breakfast here. Staff has always been friendly to us. Owner always comes by to say hello and make sure everything is fine. Breakfast portions are large.
5	Yumm! I'm so excited that they serve breakfast all day!! The coffee is delish (and only one large size!) and the food that I've tried so far (fresh fruit bowl and eggs) were perfect. Great vibe and everyone is super nice.
3	Came here for lunch on the basis of the positive reviews. The food was great (we had a monte cristo, a tuna sandwich, eggs and a hot dog) good sized portions and excellent flavor. My beef with this place was the service. I really felt as though I was an inconvenience. I stood at the cash register to order - for what seemed like hours. I did the whole step in closer, clear my throat and shuffle papers around routine to try to get noticed. I was eventually helped but the service was poor. He was mumbling and I couldn't understand him and was getting annoyed when I asked for things to be repeated. He couldn't even bother to hand me my cups - just sat them on the cash register base. He sat down 3 cups and I had ordered 4 drinks. Went back to inquire about my 4th drink and he just pointed to the drink case. I guessed my 4th drink was in there. There was a bright spot - an older gentleman who greeted us, brought us a high chair and bused the tables. He was uber friendly, helpful and the only redeeming human interaction we had while here. Give this man a raise!
5	Love love this place ! Right next to my work. They have TOP NOTCH omelets and skillets ! Everything is homemade! Customer service is great as well! Make sure to get here early because it gets packed and hard to find a table !
5	This is a great little deli.  Food is consistent and tasty.  The service is efficient and helpful.  A great neighborhood go to with plenty of patio seating (as well as inside) and people watching, my favorite pastime :).
5	This place is a hidden gem! It really feels like a neighborhood deli - the family owned atmosphere, the patio seating, the suuuper friendly staff, and the quality food. Plus, The variety of food options is incredible. It's so hard to decide! I got the bagel (well, flagel) and lox and hubby got the stuffed challah French toast (YUM!). Can't wait to come back with our dog and hang on the patio again soon!
5	I just moved right up the street from JJ's and had a few friends rave about t so I had to give it a chance and wow! Fantastic. From the friendliness of the entire staff (including the owner) to the delicious food (the chicken salad: perfection) to the ambiance of the deli itself with its sport's memorabilia littered about, this place is truly a hidden gem as everyone is saying. I can't wait for Sunday to roll out of bed and grab some JJ's! Thanks guys!
5	Heard about JJ's for a few years now and finally decided to go there a couple of weeks ago.  First thing that impressed me was the service  and friendly staff that made you feel like family.  The food was great and I've been there three times now in the past couple of weeks.  PS.  Lupe, you rock!
5	Serves breakfast til closing time! I love breakfast and it's nice to have a place that serves it through the lunch hour. butter fields was my fav until I tried this place. The pancakes are Amazing! Large, fluffy, with a really smooth tasting batter. They have very unique breakfast potatoes. They must make them on the premises because they look like fresh cut red potatoes and they make them seasoned and kind of crispy. Def going to become one of my regular breakfast joints. Guys at the counter were really nice too:)
1	I came here to try the delicatessen food and that is what my rating is on. On a positive note this place is in a nice location with a pleasant dog friendly patio. The inside is nice and bright. You don't have table service as you order at the counter, seat yourself, and they run the food to you.I soon received my lox platter. The cucumbers, onions and tomatoes were nice and fresh cut. I took half the bagel and spread the cream cheese on it and noticed that the cream cheese was very thin and seemed like it was whipped and then thinned  down. I tasted it and it lacked the tang that cream cheese needs. NOBODY ANYWHERE thins down cream cheese and it was terrible. The bagel was fresh but very odd to me because of it's texture. It lacked the chewiness and yeast-ty-ness that a bagel normally has. But the MOST DISAPPOINTING thing about this platter was the lox. I wasn't sure at first if it was the lack of quality or the lack of freshness about the taste. It actually was fishy tasting with lots of salt. After maybe three bites I think it was both issues and didn't eat the rest. This was the worst lox and cream cheese I ever tried anywhere.We also tried a potato knish. The first thing I noticed was the knish was very untraditional in appearance and was wrapped in puff pastry instead of the normal knish dough. The filling had the texture of instant potatoes and lacked the onion flavor and taste the filling normally has. The puff pastry was gooey in areas see photo.We also had DRY but fatty pastrami on fluffy mild thick rye bread. The pastrami would have been good if it was prepared properly as it seemed mishandled like someone just fried it instead of braising it for maybe two more hours with some onions to make it tender and juicy. The fluffy that lacked sour rye bread just was a sponge for the oily fatty dry pastrami.Lastly it was obvious that the potato salad was home made because the flavoring was    a combination of unbalanced spices and too much mustard. Only someone without taste buds would be able to choke the stuff down.I was WRONG not to complain about the lox but my head was just spinning about everything.Old tasting loxweird texture bagelWATERED Down cream cheesenot good gooey knishalmost hard dry pastramiinedible potato saladNobody asked us how things were and I didn't feel like walking back in with my dogs and telling them. I would be understanding if a relative or neighbor prepared food like this but I expect at least passable quality at a restaurant. I do feel terrible about giving a small business only one star but the truth is wild horses can't drag me back to eat here again.Oy Vay!Usually deli food is very filling but here you can leave hungry.
4	Service here has really improved over the last year. When we come in these days, we receive a friendly greeting and attentive service.
5	Absolutely fabulous breakfast place, and excellent lunch too!  No dinner.  Tons of options, and very diverse choices. Very dog friendly with water bowls and biscuits.  Bonus- they have a punch card to earn a free meal.
5	My kids said I had to give JJ's 5 stars, they loved it. Huge portions, all delicious and worth sharing!
5	The best Roast Beef sandwich I've ever had. Just stumbled upon the place looking for a bite to eat. Need to try again.
