4	Details:The Silverton Casino hosts "Blingo Bingo" every Wednesday and Sunday inside Veil Pavilion (outside in a white tent). Session times 1pm, 3pm, 5pm and 7pm. At each session there is a Cashball Jackpot and 14 games of Bingo. Plus a "Diamond" special game in 18 numbers or less wins $5,000. Electronic units are also available at all sessions and the fees are $2.00 per unit.I came here with my bf yesterday to play some bingo. This would be my second time playing bingo and first time playing it on one of those small electronic devices. We walked around the casino looking for the bingo room, but we couldn't find it, so we asked an employee and he told us we had to go outside and it would be located in one of those white tents that they normally use for concerts. We made it to the tent with about 3 minutes to spare before the game started. The location is SO nice and classy looking. The tent is white and all the tables, chairs, and chandeliers (yes, giant wood carved chandeliers!) are also white to match.  We decided to use the small computers to play this time since we were going crazy trying to mark all those papers last time we played. The line was long, but it went by REALLY fast. We decided upon the Ruby package, which was the cheapest at $18 + $2 for the computers and it would've included a free shirt, but I'm guessing they ran out by then.Right before we started, Don went to get us a couple bottles of water ($2 ea.) and a bag of wheat thins ($1) at the bar. The game started the second he sat down. I expected the person to call out the numbers very fast like the time we played in Reno, but she was incredibly slow. I kind of wish we didn't get the computers because you literally don't do anything with those; everything automatically gets plugged in for you and at the rate the numbers were being called, we probably would've been able to fill out all of our papers with time to spare to eat some wheat thins!Besides the fact that the numbers were called so slowly, I really liked this place. It was so clean and looked so fancy. The staff was also very accommodating. I saw the cocktail waitress who was wearing black pants and a polo serving people popcorn and many drinks. Every time some one yelled bingo, one of the 5 employees standing near the entrance would quickly run over to see if they got everything right. The person that rang us up explained all the rules and how the computer works, since we told him this was our first time there. This lead to an overall great experience. Even though neither of us won, we still had a lot of fun.
2	It is clean and bright bingo hall  on  Wednesday and Sundays and reception,wedding hall,etc on other days.. Little overkill with the white table cloth... The bingo packages are limited and they are pricey for so little cards you get, compared with other bingo places I usually play at.. They call pretty slow, and you can dab a  small rainbow easily . I only go here once in a blue moon when I m on this side of town, I will not go out of my way for bingo here...
2	Don't do it!!!!! Unless you're a seasoned bingo player I don't recommend playing bingo here. My boyfriend and I thought it would be fun to bring our parents out for a few games of bingo! The Silvertons Blingo Bingo seemed like a good call so we tried it out!HOLY MACKEREL this was fast paced! I think we played 12 games in 1 hour... It was crazy! I could hardly keep up as they called numbers! I basically paid to endure a temporary panic attack! After consulting with my co-players I discovered I was not alone! This was way too intense! This was not my first game of bingo either I've had plenty of fun playing at our local elks lodge but this was like bingo on crack! Needless to say I don't think we'll ever come back for Blingo Bingo at the Silverton anytime soon!
1	This is closed.
