4	One word... Beautiful! The architecture is like no other typical hotel.  For a Best Western I was highly impressed.The front desk was very friendly and helpful in the whole checking in process. Next was entering the room- 'ahhhh' lol yes the light was shining from above lol not really but that's the noise I made when my friend and I entered the room. The property was designed for Downtown Scottsdale and the visitors of the area.. I love the layout with a spa available in the room. Classy and modern decor and a real value. Definitely one of Scottsdale's newest and most desirable lodging. Highly recommended.
4	Exellent service...immaculate, nicely decorated rooms...friendly staff...near Fashion Square Mall...can swim late at night...free continental breakfast...what more could you want??  2 thumbs up!!
2	Nice hotel but won't be returning. Very clean and spacious rooms  but on weekends drunk club goers woke us up at 2:00am as they park adjacent to hotel. We could also hear people in the room next to us as the walls are thin. In addition,the AC/heater is pretty darn loud.  Its literally three feet from the bed. Very disappointed that there were not enough plugs for our computers, ipods, and phones. Good points: pool and complimentary breakfast were great and the hotel attracts a very nice clientele. It is in a perfect location close to downtown.
1	Water runs out of the poorly designed showers all over the bathroom that has open wood slates instead of a soild door for privacy from the bedroom. I paid in full for two rooms that were to have, king beds, refigerators, microwaves, spa tubs, art work and a bar.  I got no working air condtioning and except for the bed size nothing else I paid for.  Owner was rude and told us to get out of his hotel if we dared to complain.  Ruined our vacation. I think every time there is a poor review written the owner comes back and puts in a good review that he makes up. I have looked at several sites and this seems to be a pattern.  So beware of all those great pictures that appear in peoples reviews and the glowing reviews you see after the truth is in print. If you stay at this hotel do not say you were not warned...Run to one of the many really lovely places to stay in the area don't be fooled like I was.
1	I stayed here one Friday night in room 107.  It was noisy (street noise and PVC drain plumbing), several electrical outlets did not work, the shower was a disaster, because there was glass missing and the water sprayed all over the floor.  The refrigerator was DOA also.  The breakfast food was OK, but the serving and seating areas are very tight and senior citizens had taken them over.  It's not worth $179.00/night.  I demanded a discount ($50.00) from Sergio, which I got, and then went to a Hampton Inn for the remainder of vacation.  Stay away, as there are better choices.
4	From the GM to the day front desk clerk. EVERYONE was extremely helpful. I was there due too the fox group and I must say it made me smile too stay at this very cool place. Close to restaurants and clubs. The room was classy and very clean. Bed was comfortable.
4	I stayed here for a few nights with a business partner, the property looked really nice upon arrival. The lobby was well kept, nicely furnished, and check in was quick. The room was a decent size but it did not have a fridge. The shower was fine and the bathroom was clean. The bed was nice and I slept great.Breakfast was very basic, but a little cramped in the morning when people started making their way down.This place is down the street from a Mall area in Scottsdale, we walked down to dinner every night we were there.Overall it was a good stay with good service.
1	This place sucks!! Staff was rude. Rooms look like army barracks. We came for the ambiance and hospitality but were greeted with terrible service and poor attitudes!!Would not recommend!
3	The hotel has a good location with good accessibility to Scottsdale road and Old Scottsdale.  The problem is that the rooms are a little rough with cinder block walls.  Also, the bathroom does not have a real door.  The door is a shutter with vents so light comes thru at night and of course sound and smell.  Also the sink is outside and so it is very hard to be private in this room with someone else there.  Fro this price i would have expected more.  The price was not bad but you get what you pay for.  Staff unfriendly also.  I would not take it unless you get a great price.
1	Worst place in town! The staff was rude and unprofessional. Miguel "the manager" had a serious power trip. I will not be recommending this place to anyone in the future.
1	As a gold elite Best Western Rewards member my wife and I earned a free night and chose to stay at this hotel because we previously had a good experience.  During our previous visit we noted that the jacuzzi feature on the bathtub was not working in the room we were assigned and the staff was very helpful and upgraded our room to the sky suite which was phenomenal. During this visit we were assigned one of the standard suites and after checking in the first thing we checked was the jacuzzi feature on the bathtub to see if it was working. We found it once again to be malfunctioning and quickly reported the issue to the front desk.  The front desk employee apologized and said that he would check to see if the sky suite was available.  He ran up to the room and noted that it was available but that he would not be able to give it to us due to the A/C not being turned on yet in the room.  I informed him that we would be willing to wait for the room to be ready but he said that he would not allow that.  Instead we were assigned an even smaller room than the one we originally had.  The front desk clerk told me that he would leave a note for management(who had gone home for the day) to inform them of our issue and that management might be willing to credit us with another stay.  During the remainder of our stay I noted several other issues such as outlets not working in our room as well as the vending machine being out of stock of regular coca-cola and and another vending machine completely out of order.  The next morning I went to the front desk to see if I could speak to a manager about the issues we had the previous day and the clerk told me that management would not be in for another 30 minutes.  I was unable to wait so I recapped the events of the previous evening for the clerk and he assured me that management would either contact me by phone or email me regarding the issues my wife and I experienced.  It has now been 6 days since we stayed at this location and I have not been contacted by any member of management in any way.  I am very displeased with the level of customer service this time around after having such an enjoyable experience during my previous visit.  As a gold elite rewards member this is extremely disheartening and really makes me have doubts about staying at another Best Western.
4	only stayed for a night but i thoroughly enjoyed my stay. very comfortable beds and the rooms open to the outside, which i prefer. very nice rooms, extremely clean, nice staff - no idea why the rating is low. the shower was really nice too.  you're walking distance to old town so there's no need to pay for cabs. the W is right across the street so you can go swank it up at the bar there if that's your forte.
5	Great place, the best location in Downtown Scottsdale. Don't drink and drive, get a room at the Best Western Plus Sundial, we had free parking, free breakfast (the breakfast burritos are made fresh at the hotel)
4	I had a $50 gift certificate because I stayed at a few Best Westerns while traveling for business. My friends and I used it to stay at this location so we'd have a place to crash after going out. This is easily one of the "hippest" Best Westerns I've ever stayed at. The room was very clean and a nice size. I would recommend this location for anyone staying in the area.
2	Um, I don't think this place merits "WORST Western", but it was not impressive and relatively expensive for this class of hotel.  A big part of the problem stems from the room we were placed in.  Our bed was about 15 feet from Camelback Road - a very busy road and LOUD at night.  The room smelled stale and had the charm of a Prison cell.We had a really large room - which I guess they try to make up for the proximity to the street, the construction site next door, the driveway adjacent to the other side of the room, the inoperable windows,the fact that the walls are stone - no drapes to help with acoustics (just shutters) - which makes for a great sound chamber for unmufflered motorcycles at 3 am.  The Bathroom doors were shutter type - I guess great for ventilation but hello?  privacy?  Adding to the charm, the Building lights shone right into our undraped windows, the TV had horrible sound and the shower drain was backed up.All of the hotel room doors are "open air" - completely accessible to the street.  I am not necessarily creeped out about this.  Scottsdale seems pretty safe - but it couldn't have hurt with the acoustic problem.We asked for another room.  Can't blame the staff but they didn't seem eager to please.  The guy on 4 am duty when we checked out seemed cool though.
4	This Best Western was really nice and clean.The service from one of the staff members wasn't exactly the most hospitable.  We booked our hotel through Orbitz for a King sized bed in our room.  When we checked in to the hotel, the assistant manager checked us in and gave us our room keys.  When we got to the room we were staying in, the room wasn't clean and ready for us yet and it had 2 queen sized beds in it.  So, I went downstairs to get our room changed to the king bed that we requested via Orbitz.  When I got downstairs, the assistant manager was helping a family in front of us.  He saw me and asked if the room key wasn't working.  I told him that it was, but we ordered a room with a King size bed and not the 2 queens.   I waited until he was done and when he was helping me, he told me that his computer screen was telling him that we got the 2 queens and that it was the room we were assigned to.  I told him that it wasn't what we requested and I ultimately ended up needing to call my husband downstairs to show him our confirmation from Orbitz that we ordered a room with 1 king bed.  It wasn't until I proved it to him that he decided to look into correcting that for us.  Until then, he didn't seem very willing to help us.  While it wasn't their fault that they got the wrong confirmation information, I didn't appreciate his unwillingness to do whatever he could to fix the situation and make the customer happy.  When you're in the hospitality industry, even if the customer is wrong, you still should go above and beyond to accommodate their requests.  We did ultimately end up getting the right room, but how it was handled is why I'd rate the service 3-4 stars instead of 5.I did end up needing to order more hangers for my room, and that was taken care of quickly and efficiently. The man installing the hangers in our room was very nice and pleasant.  This hotel did come with breakfast in the morning, but the selection wasn't very good and the coffee was burnt every morning we were there so we ended up needing to go out and buy a cup of coffee every morning.Besides the mix up with our room, overall we had a pleasant experience with this Best Western.  Our room was clean and spacious.  The water pressure in the shower was really good.  Everyone else was very nice and hospitable.We would stay at this hotel again, but next time, I'd call ahead if I booked through Orbitz to make sure they got the right type of room we booked.
5	Great little hotel.  Stayed here for business because it looked nice in the pics and the price was right.  It's in a great location near old town Scottsdale.  Plenty to do and great places eat within walking distance.My room was clean and quiet and looked like the one in the pictures.  Having the jacuzzi tub in the room was a little 80's movie for me, but I'm sure it works for some :)I thought the bed was very comfortable and I slept like a baby!  Breakfast was basic continental breakfast, great muffins though.About and hour after I left I got a phone call telling me I left my charger for my iPhone and iPad.  I was very greatful they called me about it!
1	Not worth the price... There is a holiday down the street you are better off at.  Small rooms, terribly loud at all hours ....never staying here again!
