1	Sorry, but this place is a bit overpriced compared to the other pizza places locally - it's still cheap, but on the high end of cheap. Plus, the people working the counter don't know how to greet guests or take orders. I sat there for 5 minutes before the cook in back yelled at the counter guy to pull his head off his paperwork to take an order. And it was 10:55am and I was the only guy in the place! This was the third time I've been in the place and they ignored me standing in front of them - only this time I forced myself to stay to actually find out about the food (which wasn't anything special). To top it off, the guy didn't give me my Diet Coke when I was done order, and neglected to ask if my order dine-in - and just had my stuff handed to me in a bag even though I was sitting with my laptop at a table. The biggest insult? I think he was a manager. Don't eat here; go to another pizza place (Aiello's, Lucci's, Napoli, even Italian Village). I realize it's just pizza, but for exactly 10 dollars for a gyro, small portion of fries, and a drink, I'd like my meal with a nod and moderate smile please.
2	Pros: -Fast delivery within Squirrel Hill -Moderate prices -Fairly diverse menu (does not have regular omissions typical to Squirrel Hill Pizza shops) -Several healthier options available on menu -Discounts and coupons galore -Online ordering is quick and easy Cons: -Drinks forgotten on order (very common for delivery orders) -Pizza is alright but not "good' -Hoagies/subs are pretty bad (cheap bread, very little cheese & rubberized meat) -Deserts come frozen with the wax paper included -Fries very tasty but pretty soggy as well. -Foreign delivery driver may have difficulty with delivery instructions. While this is still a new establishment, given the amount of direct competition in the immediate area I would have expected better. The delivery time for my order was truly excellent but in their haste they disregarded my drink order. The Driver did return however within several minutes after being chased down, but the drink he returned with was still a variation on my drink order. I would say that the quality of the food is OK, not incredibly good but certainly not the worse pizza in town. Also, their personal pizza options and late night delivery option make it an attractive choice for delivery. On my order the desert arrived mostly frozen and still wrapped in it's original freezer wax paper. Also the fries were placed in Styrofoam which makes them soggy. There are 3 types of Pizza Shops in Squirrel Hill: -Specialty (Mineo's, Aiello's, Napoli's, Lucci's) -Big Chain (Vocelli, Domino's, Pizza Hut) -Budget (Amier, Rialto, Italian Village, Bellino) Pizza Bellino definitely belongs to the later category. For me, when judging a Squirrel Hill budget pizza shop, I always use Pizza Amier as a comparison standard (since their prices are the lowest in the neighborhood). Are they more or less expensive then Pizza Amier? Does their product taste better than Amier? Does the taste justify the cost? While they do offer a tasty product and some more diverse menu options than Amier, I do not feel that the taste justifies the cost in this instance. I would not recommend this Pizza Shop. However, if had no other option I wouldn't consider it out of the question either.
3	I didn't want to give this place less than 3 stars since I didn't try the pizza but let me say the salad was not very impressive.  I got the popcorn chicken salad.  It came with a ton of spring mix greens (a la Costco), a handful of fried chicken bits, a bunch of soggy fries (Pittsburgh style, I guess) and a giganto glob of fried cheese on top.  The cheese was so all encompassing that I had to basically remove it and throw it out.  The fries were good but a little too greasy.  Not much else to the salad besides a couple of tomatoes and peppers.  A pretty unsatisfying salad but guess that's what I get for ordering salad from a pizza place!
4	The pizza here is great!  They have tons of specialty pizzas to choose from, many have multiple kinds of cheese.  I have tried Mediterannean, Vegetarian, and Artichoke--all were awesome.  The crust is thick and they put salty feta cheese on top.  I think this is my favorite pizza in Pittsburgh so far!!
1	This place has horrible pizza.  I was told by a passerby that they had good pizza here while going to the post office, I'm not sure what this person was thinking.  This is the worst pizza I can remember having, it was overpriced and burnt.  You look at it and know it wouldn't taste good and you aren't wrong.Go to aiello's, mineo's or order pizza hut lol.
3	For our first pizza since moving to Pittsburgh, we wanted something simple and inexpensive.  We'll try the Aiello's and Mineo's later I'm sure, but we were just looking for something standard to curb the pizza craving.Found a coupon in the mail for a $15.99 combo at Pizza Bellino - a large pizza and 12 wings.  Sold.  I called to place the order, and whoever answered the phone was a bit disorganized.  When he asked to put me "on hold," he clearly just put the receiver down on the counter because I could still hear him yelling at someone and then taking an order from an in-person customer.  I felt like a moron because I kept thinking he was talking to me!  Also, after I ordered, he did not take my name or any personal information.  I know it was pick-up, not delivery, but um - shouldn't you get my name?  I tried to ask if he wanted my name but he'd already hung up.  Stellar first impression!  Not.  (haha. I said "Not."  I'm eight years old.)SO we mosey down the street 20 minutes later for our pizza.  Seeing as he didn't have my name, the dude tried to give me a pepperoni pizza with wings, and then we had a brief and confusing verbal exchange where I said I didn't order pepperoni, but I'd take it if they made it by mistake - as long as I didn't have to pay more than the coupon price.  The guy did not seem keen on that idea, but then suddenly he had an epiphany - perhaps there was another pizza in the back - the one I'd actually ordered!  Revelation!  And that was what happened.At home, we opened up our boxes, ready to chow down.  The pizza was utterly, totally "fine."  It was okay.  It was standard.  It was pizza.  Cheese wasn't oozingly melty, there wasn't a luscious smear of homemade sauce, and the crust didn't have those hand-tossed bumps and crevices.It was college student pizza.  Totally standard, totally satisfying.  The wings were actually a step above - lots of meat on them, and the sauce was pretty hot!  Lips and tongue definitely tingling for the rest of the evening.  And of course, cheap (with a coupon at least!)I'd get pizza here again - especially if I was ordering for a crowd or a sporting event and didn't want any really gourmet or expensive pizza.  It's probably good drunk pizza too.  The wings I'd definitely order again as well.  It's totally fine pizza, as long as you know what you're getting into.  If you want something above average, look elsewhere.  If you just want crust, cheese, and sauce - this will satisfy your cravings.
5	Cheap AND delicious!
5	I'm surprised by the reviews for here because I've never had a problem with them. As Duchess you probably can guess I'm here a lot and much more than the times I'd remembered to check in. First of all, you have to give them some credit for being the newest pizza joint in a area that already has 6 others. I mean really at that point you know they're either naive or they can offer something better. So all the reviews from what I can tell are about their pizza. Well they  also have good wraps, awesome calzones, crisp cheese sticks (not soggy like eatnparks) and huge delicious salads! They have a pizza special 2 cheese slices and a drink for $4 which I dare you to compare to Italian Village Pizza just up the street where they have the same deal but thin cardboard pizza slices. If you go for one of Bellino's specialty pizzas, go ahead an compare it to Lucci's which is overpriced "gourmet" pizza that doesn't deliver. When it comes to Mineo's pizza and Aiello's pizza, you've got to know they have been around so long that they have a rivalry between the two, you like one or the other, but it's also completely unfair fight if you try to compare it to Bellino. The have a clean area with tables to dine in if you choose and the food is served to you quickly. I've only had it slightly burnt once when I went in on a Friday night which is was obvious they were swamped with orders and deliveries to be done. Also when it comes to the phone service, it's always one guy helping you and the customers at the counter. They don't have fancy hold music, he asks you to hold then helps the customer there and then helps you as quickly as he can and in the order you came. He's the same guy there every day except Sunday working his hardest. It's obvious the difference of the pizza on Sundays is lower quality because he's the one that keeps the employees on their toes.I'm giving them 5 stars because for what they offer I think they deserve it. In Pittsburgh, pizza isn't just the same everywhere, you have to pick your pizza place depending on what you want out of it, remember that!!
4	I recently did a pizza crawl through squirrel hill with a friend, where we hit every single one of squirrel hill's 7 pizzerias, and got a slice of pepperoni pizza at each one in a row!  Pizza Bellino was a surprise for us.  It's new and right by the library, neither of us had ever been inside before.  Turns out, it's got some of the best overall pizza in squirrel hill!  While it didn't especially stand out in any one area, everything about it was good and nothing about it was weak, Good sauce, cheese, pepperoni, cheap, fast, and they put extra cheese on top of the pepperoni which no other pizzeria did.  Nice touch, and very tasty slice overall!
4	Let me start by saying that I am a New Yorker (before Pittsburgh, I lived in Manhattan for 8 years and Long Island before that), and we can be very picky about our pizza. The dough should be thin enough where it's crunchy, but not so thin that when you pick up the pizza, it flaps down. The sauce should be just a bit acidic, but no so much that it tastes like vinegar. And the cheese should be plentiful enough to give pizza that characteristic flavor, but not so plentiful that you get a glob of fat in your mouth.Well, after trying a whole host of pizza joints in the 'burgh, I'm happy to say that Pizza Bellino is my favorite. Now, this isn't going to be authentic NY pizza, but it will pretty close. Every time I crave a slice, this is the first place that comes to mind. In fact, but for their $11 minimum order for delivery, I would have some on the way right now! If you want a classic pizza without any frills, Pizza Belino will do the job.(and stay away from those terrible "Pittsburgh Pizzas" at Aiello's and Mineo's ...bleh)
2	1.5 but I rounded up for late night fast delivery.I've ordered from this place based upon Yelper's pretty good reviews, however, this was another time to remind myself to "BELIEVE NOBODY BUT ME" meaning the food pretty sucked. Yeyyy, that's right. SUCKED! BAD!Small personal pizza- omg... it's beyond my vocabulary to describe... simply sucked. My food rarely goes into the trash but this time, it did.Baked Ziti- again, basically the same tomato sauce and cheese as the pizza. Result in, SUCKED!French fries- not the type I liked. Skinned and mush. I prefer crispy ones.BBQ wings- ummmm.... they were soso... ok... didn't suck that as much as pizza and pasta did.The best think was the side salad that came with pasta. It was fresh!
4	Favorite place to order pizza delivery! Never actually eaten in the store, but have ordered from them many many times. I love private owned pizza shops, I think they just overall taste so much better than chain-store pizzas. Delivery is always made within a reasonable amount of time, and pizza's consistently delicious. Not too expensive either. Also ordered gyros and spaghetti w/ meatballs from Bellino's before. HUGE portions!! and tasty too! Next time you crave some pizza, skip Domino's or Vocelli's check out Bellino's. It may surprise you!
3	Okay, so the pizza was not amazing, but I was too excited that they made whole wheat crust and delivered that I didn't care. The delivery guy was pretty fast and very nice. This place is very cheap, which is nice if you're in college!
4	We ordered from here on the fly one late Tuesday night. I was very, very surprised at how fast the food was delivered. The pepperoni pizza was perfect. For me the crust makes/breaks a pie and theirs was spot on. It had really deep flavor and was perfect for dipping in hot sauce. The sauce was hearty and not that odd sweet flavor some places use.My girlfriend only eats cheese pizza. Hers was very cheesy and she said she love it. We finally found our regular place. Can't wait to try their other foods.
4	Consistent, satisfying, New York style pizza by the slice in Squirrel Hill.
2	I had ordered a pizza for the NFC championship game. I understand you could be busy but my order was cold and the cheese had dried out. Unacceptable.
1	I used to like this pizza place.  Their regular pizza's are decent.  There are much better options in the area.  However, for the price and quality, this is a good deal.Their specialty pizza's aren't so great and aren't worth the price.The problem I have with this place is the drivers (one specifically) who found it necessary to comment while checking out my girlfriend.  I don't care for any sexist pigs to deliver my pizza, so you can be sure I'll never order from this place again.  Lucci's has just as good of prices with just as good of pizza and faster delivery time.  Mineo's is still the best in the area.Just based on principle, you should avoid this place.  Unless you like being oogled and have sexist remarks made to you when you're trying to simply order a pizza.
5	Ordered food here on a whim while staying in Pittsburgh for two nights.  The food arrived in 45 minutes and was great.  As good as I can imagine or 1am delivery.  Gyro was delicious - filled to the brim with meat and feta with lots of sauce and veggies on the side.
3	Fast delivery. They can accommodate requests for thin crust pizza.  But the cheese blend is....too greasy.  Not as bad as Mineo's or Aiello's though.
1	Disgusting calzone. Cost 20 bucks. Delivery 20 minutes late. Pizza just okay.
1	Horrible order an Italian hoagie, it was soggy and slapped together,brown hot wilted lettuce. I could tell it was made ahead and sat forever. Called tried to get a refund the obtuse individual on the other end was not in sync with what I was trying to say, in the end of it all its a wrap I refuse to spend another dollar at that awful place.
4	Great, fresh pizza and salad. The house dressing is exactly what you want an italian dressing to be. We ordered deliver on a very cold night and received hot pizza from a very friendly delivery driver. We will be calling back soon and I would recommend this to anyone who likes fresh, thin crust pizza.
5	Great pizza!! I have been searching for a good pizza place in pittsburgh forever and this place is awesome! Best pizza I've had in the city. My favorite is the sausage and onion pizza :)
2	Had a chance to eat there, and I must say that while I have eaten at pizza places that were worse, I have also eaten at several places that were far far better.  In my opinion it is over priced and some of the food tasted 'out of a box' not freshly made. My wife ordered a small pizza and it left much to be desired. It tasted more like cardboard than pizza. My sons chicken tenders where okay. I mean how can you ruin chicken tenders. The cheese sticks went fast. My boyZ collapsed on them. So that's a good sign. While the service was okay, and the establishment clean , there just seemed to be something missing. The tables had no condiments, salt pepper etcetera.  No napkins and or silverware. Finally they do not offer fountain drinks. We (a family of four) were forced to by one two liter soda as opposed to each person getting what they wanted to drink with dinner. To sum this up, I like to vote with my money and my feet. So my feet will not be taking me back to Bellino, and my money will not be spent there. Understand that I like trying new experiences, and I am not against spending money. I just expect to get what I pay for. Good luck Bellino, you may need it.
4	If you eat pizza only and solely for the cheese, you might prefer Mineo's. But if you enjoy tasting the other components of a pizza too, then Pizza Bellino is a good call.The tomato sauce has actual flavor. I mean you can actually taste tomatoes in it---crazy, I know. The sausage and bacon toppings are meaty and crispy, the veggie toppings get nicely roasted as the pizza bakes, and the cheese and crust are pleasantly browned. The white sauce pizza is great too if you enjoy a full but mellow garlic flavor.Once every few months my wife and I try another pizzeria, get disappointed, and promptly revert back to Bellino as our standard.
1	Fast delivery. 1 start for that.  But otherwise....seriously pittsburgh yelpers?!?!?! You have guided me to yet another disappointing meal.  This is NOT good pizza. If you want something fast, go for it. If you want some pizza, don't.
4	Lunchtime in Oakland can be a daunting task.  Options are immense here.  When you factor in if there is delivery or not, the number dwindles down some.  While hungry on this particular lunchtime, my coworkers and I decided to try something a little different than what they usually get (thank heavens for that).After riffling through the menus they had stashed at work, they came upon Bellino's menu.  After looking it over, and tired from pizza and hoagies, I decided to go with a salad.  Not a bad choice to make.  Unlike your typical pizza place salad, this one actually made me feel full.  Maybe it was because of instead of using iceberg lettuce, they went with the mixed greens as the base.  And unlike other pizza places, they actually gave you some good toppings.  cucumbers, green peppers, grape tomatoes, and carrots.  I would have been satisfied if I would have just gotten a regular salad with those toppings.  However I did opt for the popcorn chicken salad which basically voided my healthy eating for the day.  With all the good for you toppings, they added the popcorn chicken, a ton of cheese and french fries (hey, they are still a vegetable ;)).Overall, I liked it.  It hit the spot and I wasn't craving anything by the end of my shift at work.  I would definitely give Pizza Bellino a spot in my folder for their menu.
1	I love all italian food.. From pasta to pizza to anything with cheese, pepperoni & sauce. & generally speaking, I'm not terribly picky when it comes to food. Last night, my boyfriend and I got a to-go calzone, their 5 cheese calzone, to be exact. The bread was over cooked, none of the five cheeses were melted.. even after we microwaved it ourselves (though the bread was still hot.) Next time I come to pittsburgh, I will never even think of ordering from this business.
5	Ordered a large garden salad and the buffalo chicken salad, both were delicious.Salads were huge, I had the buffalo, the chicken was super spicy and delicious. Fresh crisp vegetables, great pizza place salad for sure.Also ordered breadsticks which were probably some of the best I've ever had, very doughy and the perfect amount of flavor.Delivery was fast, will absolutely be ordering again.
1	New Years Day and this was the only pizza spot in Squirrel Hill open late. I decided to take a chance on this place... The service was horrible. Then to add insult to injury the pizza was beyond unappetizing. The toppings were dry and over cooked  on the Bellino Pie not to mention the fact that there was barely any cheese or sauce.... Just dry over cooked toppings. We also ordered the chef Bellino pie.... It clearly stated white garlic sauce... There was no sauce at all. Actually, there was dry basil and Plopped Ricotta cheese carelessly placed on this pie. When we tried to call the restaurant to return this $42 monstrosity of an order, they were disgustingly rude and had no intention of making this right. When you pay $42 dollars for 2 lack luster disgusting pies.... A review this size is warranted. If I could give negative 5 stars I would!!!!!
