3	I'm going to give it three stars only because, they are not up and fully open. They do have a food bar, bathrooms etc.. But there are no benches to sit on to change your shoes, or drinking fountains. All in all it was fun and I'm glad we got there before the popularity.
5	Awesome!!! Super clean, a ton of fun, nice employees, great deal!! For 11 bucks you get an hour of full use of each bounce area (dodge ball, basketball, foam pit, open jump). Included in your time is rental of a pair of super cool bounce shoes (sprayed with Lysol after each use). By far the cleanest and best indoor trampoline park we have been to!! If you can catch a deal on Groupon or when they run specials, the deal is even sweeter! Somewhat tricky to get to the first time, but well worth it. Unlike other parks, there is no age requirement for the foam pit or larger areas, much to the relief of my 2 little guys who can do crazy flips and keep up with big boys ; )
1	I was very dissatisfied with Sky Zone. The staff was inattentive and were more interested in talking to friends than paying attention to what was going on in their section.  In the Dodgeball arena, one child was intentionally throwing the dodgeball at other kids faces.  He was asked to stop by the other kids, but the staff didn't respond. The staff only acknowledged it after my child was hit in the face and started to cry. Then they went into "cover our backside" mode.  Since the staff refused to address the child - I did and told him to knock it off. VERY VERY unpleasant experience and I will not return.
5	$14 to let two kids burn some energy for 30mins. Im sold. They had a blast and the place was clean and did not smell like sweat. Only down side to me was the yogurt was not as good as yogurt land.l but that alright.
5	This place is nothing short of awesome!  Don't know about the other bad reviews but the staff is way on top of stuff and I love the super new super clean SMELL of this place. Just go to jump street on bell road and you will appreciate how they make kids wear shoes. The chairs by food court are padded, plenty of benches to sit, a parent area where it's quiet. They really did it right at this place.
5	Had our son's Birthday Party here in May and it was awesome. Dealt with Mike to book the reservation and he was great. On the day of the party the entire staff was awesome, but Gisela (? Sorry...) was particulary great. She did a great job with the kids and handled everything very efficiently. As for the facility, it was clean, plenty of room, plenty of jump area, plenty of parent area, etc etc. Much better than other places like it. I know one of the kids at our party has already booked his party there, so that will speak louder than this review!
4	This place was awesome! Went here today with my hubby, 3yo, and 5yo. Prices were good, $7 each for my kids to jump an hour. They also have a military discount so thank you SkyZone for supporting the troops! We had a blast together and it's great that all ages can have fun! It's a perfect birthday party venue too. I even saw couples there without kids. It would be a great athletic date outing (dress accordingly because you will break a sweat!) My only suggestion would be to have a bench or seating up by the entrances of the jump zones, or at least by the kids zone. I had a newborn with me plus watching my other kids and there was nowhere to sit to do this so I stood the whole time with the baby.The food court area was cool, they should have more selection though, you could bring in a lot of business there! After jumping we enjoyed some yummy frozen yogurt, which was also priced great and had lots of good add-ons! Overall we definitely love this place and will be back often for some more great family fun!
4	Solid 4 stars. I like this big open warehouse feel. They also have a little snack bar with frozen yogurt (yes!) and lots of places to sit. Moms and dads can chill out while the kids jump around. They have a cool foam pit to jump into, but won't let you do backflips! Bah! It's run by kids, so, expect that.
5	We've been regulars at Jump Street for a year or two now, and after reading some of the Yelp reviews drawing comparisons between there and Skyzone, I figured we'd come on down and check out the opposition. BOY am I glad we did! My usual book-length review follows.I checked out the website online, a couple of hours before we went, and there is a waiver that you can either print out and sign, or else sign as a web form. I did the latter, which was fairly quick. Skyzone is a little closer to us than Jump Street. The place is very large indeed. There's an separate stand at which you can sign waivers (as opposed to doing it at the counter, like Jump Street, and holding up the queue in the process), but we hit the counter directly and hooray, our online-signed waiver was in their system. Like a bowling alley, they have you wear special shoes to jump. I like this idea - the shoes were used but clean, and can be laced tight to protect ankles while jumping. Some Jump Street reviews claim this place "smells cleaner". I didn't smell a difference, honestly, but clean(er) shoe soles all day, versus bacteria-ridden sweaty feet and socks on the equipment is perhaps a little more sanitary, especially for small jumpers who will roll and faceplant on the surfaces.So, first up: the foam pit. There are five lanes to Skyzone's pit, versus Jump Street's two. More or less the same size rectangle, and same type of foam squares though. But the lanes are subdivided by padding into two squares each, which you'll see in the photos. While one jumper heads down to the pit, the other jumper can "queue up" on the initial square. From there we went down a few stairs to the basketball court. These are two regular trampoline lanes with hoops at the end - one lower than the other. My kid, who is a powerball of energy, spent most of his time here.. and thoroughly enjoyed it. I'm talking twenty, thirty minutes just shooting hoops.On the other side of the space is an enormous "main court". This area is all subdivided into jumping squares with a waffle pattern of soft padding. There are three small lanes in the middle for those showoff gymnastics girls that always seem to frequent these places, but the rest of it is for Q*Bert-style free jumping. Rules are to simply stay in your own square, moving to others as long as they aren't occupied. The main court is open age too - jumpers are encouraged to remain in the same vague quadrant as jumpers of similar size. I was impressed with the 'court marshal'; she was on the ball and making sure that kids didn't co-occupy jump squares, and that they didn't lie or sit down to rest while in the jumping area. Rules are clearly and prominently displayed in every section - front flips only in the foam pit, resting on the sidelines rather than in the jump area etc. And the monitors did a great job. The foam pit guy had his attention on the basketball lanes behind him as well, making sure that there was only one person per lane at any time etc. At Jump Street, all the foam pit attendants do is tell a kid when they can head down the lane to the pit.. and chew gum.So, from the main court, back to the foam pits, basketball hoops and foam pit again. A new game was designed - build a stack of foam bricks right at the end of the lane, run back to the start, and have me pretend to "bowl" my kid down the lane to tumble over the blocks like a human bowling ball and into the pit. Each zone has a prominent clock so people know what time it is and how long they have to go. I didn't see anything like this at Jump Street.In one two hour frenzy, this place has rocketed to my kid's number 1 favourite play area.  Kids were chatting to me, amongst themselves, showing off, everyone seemed to be having a freakin' fantastic time. Nobody was being an @ss, and the marshals would have completely nipped that in the bud had they seen it - they were completely unlike the lackadaisical Jump Street staff. The froyo cafe in the middle was the perfect end to the session - with milk chocolate, peach, regular vanilla and strawberry milkshake yo flavors on offer, about twenty toppings, plus other stuff like pizza and of course bottles of water. No need to go to Freddie's Frozen Custard afterward, in other words. I have absolutely NEVER seen this much energy expended by the child over this sort of timeframe before - not during soccer matches or bouncy-castle birthday parties and certainly not at Jump Street. During play, my kid told me "I LOVE this place; I want to stay here for ever!" I'm completely converted. I can't fault Skyzone for anything. Valpak has a coupon, two hours for the price of one. Glad we did that. No matter how energetic your kid, after two hours at this place their batteries will be near zero. Best twelve bucks I've spent on my kid to date. Five rosy-faced, sweat-soaked, smiling, out-of-breath stars.
5	My boys love this place. One boy is 17 and the other is 13. After visiting Sky Zone the boys said they would never return to Jump Street. Personally, I love the parent zone. It is quiet and has wifi, plus a big screen TV. The last thing is that Sky Zone has an incredible snack bar that serves the best yogurt in town. Thanks Sky Zone for a safe, family friendly place that I can go and spend time with my boys. FIVE STARS!!!!!!!
2	tried this out since there was a groupon for it. I've been to Airworx in Tempe, and this place (Sky Zone) does not measure up at all compared to AirworxAt Airworx, there are big open trampoline sections - you can jump forward continuously without any buffers in your way. At Sky Zone, the entire trampoline is sectioned into small individual squares - lameAt Airworx, you can jump barefoot or with socks. At Sky Zone, you have to wear special jump shoes that they provide (like high tops)At Airworx, their trampoline section with the basketball hoops had about 6 different hoop lanes - very fun. At Sky Zone, there was 2 or 3 and they were a lot shorter in length when compared to Airworx - they were very packed and small so we didn't even get to use them.Sky Zone has a styrofoam pit that Airworx does not. You may bounce your way into the pit based on the line you are in (only person allowed at a time per lane) and then it is a hell of a time to try to get out of it. Both places have a dodgeball section which I did not partake in at either.The only thing I liked more about Sky Zone is that they played current music while you jumped (we were there about 4pm on a Saturday), whereas Airworx did not play any music.I will definitely stick with Airworx (prices are the same), but I'm glad I at least checked this place out.
4	Had a great time here, but I'm definitely not 16 anymore. We were SORE afterwards and all 6 of us are in pretty decent shape. No issues with all of the Groupons that we used, and shoe rental was included in the Groupon price. We signed the waivers in person, which was easier than I expected it to be and done at a side table so as not to jam up the main lines. You do have to wear their special shoes, but all 6 of us were able to find shoes that fit and were reasonably comfortable. The shoes were clean and odor free, at least as far as I could see.The facility itself was clean, well-lit and in good repair. Staff were helpful and attentive including one employee who checked on my husband repeatedly after he hurt his knee (old injury). Part of the facility was roped off for a private party so we didn't get to try the basketball or dodgeball areas.For those who are larger than average size I didn't see anything about a weight limit online or on site and I saw several larger people jumping. I think the principle is if you can handle jumping they will let you jump. Do be careful though and stay within your limits.
4	Kids had a blast!! Wish there was just one more basketball area. Awesome fun and exercize.
2	Woooooooooooossssssssssh....  Bong!   Waaaaaa!  Waaaaaa!  Mommmmmmmmy!  Dadddddy!!!!!... that was the sound of your child getting obliterated in the face by a 40mph dodgeball.  Yeah- teenagers (some who work there and are not on the clock) and kids mix in the dodge-ball arena with an incompetent staff member who watches the madness and does absolutely nothing to facilitate it.  After pegging some of the teenagers to give them a taste of their own medicine, one pegged me on the side of the face as I openly (with my hands in the air) and calmly made my way out of the area.  My ear never range so hard and loud for 20+ minutes and I was concerned about permanent hearing damage (mind you, I played football at a very competitive level and have been hit much harder with significantly weaker side effects in the past)  That kid was lucky that I turned the check for Jesus and didn't give him a classic &^% whooping.  The staff member saw it and did nothing about it.The other areas are more relaxed and spacious.  The trampolines provide a fun leg workout and I'll probably feel it tomorrow.    The wait to check-in was a bit long.  They give you some 'trampoline shoes' that have been worn by who knows how many people.But, the dodge-ball thing is just out of control.  If I saw my kid get pegged by a teenager, things would get pretty interesting up in there.  So, I do recommend taking your kid here, but just make sure to keep an eye on them and report anything inappropriate to the management.
4	What a neat concept for kids and adults.  I was impressed by the size of the place, by the genuine politeness of the staff, and by the overall cleanliness.  My granddaughter has had an amazing time whenever we bring her.  It's not cheap, but it they have deals every so often.Our complaint is with the snack bar.  Prices are very fair,  but the yogurt bar (which consumes most of the space of that snack bar) is just gross.  The yogurt itself was not made correctly and was very sour.  The toppings were stale and nasty.  Stick to the Dasani bottled water and the stiff pizza and you'll be okay.
5	Had a great time. 2 adults, and 5 kids. I think I paid out like $88. actually not bad for 7 people to have a blast. I thiink I had the most fun out of everyone. The kids had a great time making sure to get the heck out of my way.STRETCH STRETCH STRETCH. You are not young anymore, you will feel this in the morning.on the b-ball hoop I was doing windmill dunks, reverse dunks, between the leg Vince Carter dunks, it was fun as hell.The foam pit isn't as soft as it looks, and yes it's a bitch to crawl out of.I would have been down to do back flips off the wall, but the small sized trampolines makes it to scary since you have to avoid the borders. I would've enjoyed bigger trampolines. I haven't been to other trampoline parks, except for Thrasher Land back in the late 80's. this is a million times safer.Staff was very nice and friendly. The sign-in, and shoe return was easy and organized.Surprisingly it didn't smell nearly as bad as I expected it to smell.I had a damn good time, and I will go back. I want to try out some of the other parks, but since I don't know about them yet, I guess I can call this the best.
4	This place is great for kids and adults alike! I purchased a Groupon for four entries and a $5 gift certificate to get frozen yogurt at the snack bar. My husband and I took our son and his friend for a couple hours and they had a blast. I will say though that the teenage staff running the place are not great at monitoring the little kids safety but some parents allow their tiny toddlers to mix in with the older kids in the general jumping and dodgeball areas. There is an area that is strictly for the really little kids and the older kids should be able to jump freely without having to watch for the little kids.
5	Skyrobics is a great time. Amy the instructor is relaxed and makes you feel totally comfortable. I highly recommend the class. It makes you feel like a kid. The workout  is amazing - nothing else like it. Try it. You won't be sorry.
4	My son attended a friends birthday party here.  He said he had a great time, and the environment looked to me to be very safe, accommodating and the people were friendly.  Now if only the mapping data for Google Maps could be corrected to actually get you to their location correctly...then it would have been a five star experience.  Hint:  look at the map from top down, and figure out your own route.  The location is funky and google is all screwed up.  Apple iPhone maps, don't even try!
3	Place was alright,attended a birthday party for one of my son's classmates. Thou I didn't pay, I saw their pricing and it was pretty reasonable.  The food is ordered out from Hungry Howie's but there is a snack bar with a limited selection of snacks.  The place reeked of sweat and feet.
4	its a cool place kinda in a weird location
4	Good active time had by my two boys ages 13 & 16. Pay for 30 min or hourly sessions, several activities to choose from. Must buy $2 sky zone socks. Snack bar service lacking, but overall great entertainment value.
5	This place seems pretty clean and new. It is definitely a place for kids to excercise and have fun at the same time. I got the one for toddlers and you can go on to jump with your little one as well. No need to purchase seperate tickets for bigger jumping area, coz even the toddlers area is already fairly big. However, you will need to purchase their socks though. This place is a little hard to find coz it's hidden behind the plaza.
1	Place used to be reasonably priced jumped up in  2014  even though nothing was added some of the trampolines were closed definitely not worth the prices . They also make you sit in bleachers till you're up kinda dumb. For the the price increase they should at least throw in the socks. Plus it smells in there. I will definitely drive further to Jumpstreet!!!!!
3	It's so expensive but the kids love it. I love it because it doesn't smell like sweat and feet. I like that the smaller kids aren't stuck in a pen in the back. If you remember to bring your socks back its great - otherwise you have to buy new ones. Bah.Better than Jumpstreet.
3	This place is clean and new. I agree with other reviewers that it doesn't smell like feet and the overall appearance is very nice. The price is a bit high though even with a military discount. Was disappointed in the toddler area. Need more than just trampolines to keep a 3 yr old occupied. Overall it was ok.
5	SkyZone is wonderful family fun! We have attended several birthday parties, hosted our own party and just gone to jump many times and each experience has been great! The kids love the fun and I love how clean it is. The staff is friendly and does a good job at monitoring. I'd highly recommend SkyZone!
3	Boo hiss, very disappointed with the changes; price increase, mandatory sock purchase, they close the dodgeball court during the day (catering to just the little kids ya think?), and they removed the parents lounge!  When you pay $37/hr for 2 kids who come specifically for dodgeball and it's closed, you'd expect a slight reimbursement, or perhaps an extra 30 mins of jump time, an apology wasn't even offered, just blank stares.  It's very poor customer service, and a good way to lose frequent customers (who intends on telling all of her frequent customer friends, and so on.)I'll drive the few extra miles to Jump Street, where they wear their own socks, the dodgeball courts are always open, and where they have more to do.  Evidently customer retention isn't important in an industry who's customer base grows up and out and new ones come in.
1	Bought a Groupon so my kids could try this place. When we got there we were informed that the "new owner" wont accept the Rejoins that they sold and were willing to give us a $2.00 meezly discount. We left and went to Jump street...where it was cheaper than this place and my kids had a blast! Thanks for crappy customer service Skyzone.
5	Went here on a field trip with my son's class this last week. The staff was very friendly, helpful, and great with the kids. The kids all had a great time! We have been here several times with the family and soccer teams and have never had any complaints. It is always clean, (I don't think it smells bad!) and they have made some nice changes since we were last there. They've also added several snack bar options. All in all we have never had a complaint coming here aside from their yogurt station they have since gotten rid bahmoojbc3of. We will be returning again and again!
3	Not a bad place to bring the kids.  Socks r$2 and if you come back with the socks the next visit, they give you a $1 discount
2	Looks like a nice place, but their public hours are not accurately posted on their website. We arrived at their stated open time, but were turned away because the public hours don't start until 11. Fortunately Pump It Up was less than 2 miles away, so the kids' disappointment didn't last long.
4	It was so fun here prices are decent $15 for 120min. On Friday a DJ is there and toddlers are $6 unlimited!!!
5	I brought my wife and six year old son to this place. It was my first experience at a place like this and I had a blast. My son was entertained and worked up a good sweat. The food is just as pricey as a baseball game or movie theatre. It's spacey and offers different levels of trampolines for children of all ages. I really enjoyed it.
5	I love this place. From open jump with my kids to the exercise classes. So fun, reasonably priced, and very clean. They have a good order of things, great team, and friendly vibe. An easy way to stay active when being outside isn't an option. The team members are always on point keeping kids safe, making allowances for special needs, and always willing to help. I plan to keep coming here for a long time; with my kids and my adult friends.
1	Tried this place out since it is closer than jumpstreet but without the shopping extras :(  Very open and nice but my kids like to interact with other kids.  This place was deserted.  When I asked the staff why, they made it clear that the owner has turned many people away.  I have never heard a staff speak that bad about a place they work.  Their negative attitude rubbed us the wrong way.
