5	Xavier is the best barber always cuts me up real nice and has great styles for me. Place has great ambiance so friendly and u feel right at home. Makes me look forward to my weekly hair cuts :)
5	Best place to get my hair cut its such a nice get away I always feel welcomed. Sometimes I don't even need a hair cut its just about being around the staff that makes u feel good and want to keep coming back. All of the barbers are really great but my barber is Xavier. He amazes me every single time. Never fails!
5	Best place to get my hair cut its such a nice get away I always feel welcomed. Sometimes I don't even need a hair cut its just about being around the staff that makes u feel good and want to keep coming back. All of the barbers are really great but my barber is Xavier. He amazes me every single time. Never fails!
5	I was able to schedule an early morning appointment with absolutely no problem. The full beard and mustache trim I received was immaculate and quick. The price was low, and the atmosphere unquestionably friendly.
4	Actual stars & review to come later...after my real experience.  But, I did want to address these posts here which complain.*note: YELP requires that I use the star rating...so, I'll grant this requirement just because a few uneducated consumers posted lousy complaints based on their ignorance. I'm new to Madison & I asked about a local barber that could cut my hair...otherwise, I normally cut it myself pretty well.I was recommended to try this barber shop...so first, I wanted to read the reviews.I must say that some people just don't get the etiquette of the industry!*and, I'm not a barber.1) I could easily spend $20 bucks in Chicago for a haircut.  Why would anyone complain about spending $15 bucks for a great cut & service?!?It's 2014 people...everything is more expensive...including McDonalds!Btw guy, go get some cash too!!!!I'm sick if people using credit/debit cards for minor purchases...especially service.You complain about tipping & also want to use your card which charges the barber too...go get cash & pay industry people with cash.  Trust me...they'd appreciate it better than using a card for payment! 2) Secondly, when dealing with kids...I'm sure that most barbers would prefer that parents make an appointments...especially when bringing in more than one kid.*also, make sure that your kids are behaved around adults.  Traditionally, the classic barber shop is a place where adult men go to socialize, relax & to get a decent haircut.With this in mind, a lot of times, conversations in a barbershop are of a more mature subject matter.  Thus, the reason barbers are a bit more apprehensive about young kids in their shop.
3	In the end, I got a decent cut - however, when I called, I specifically asked if they did 'straight razor head shaves' and was told yes.  That isn't what I got - they clipped the long hair and used an electric.  They did bring out a straight edge to clean up my beard... but not quite what I was asking for.
