4	One of my staple dishes is the spicy tuna roll, and I love a place that can make it spicy, and tasty.Yogi's is such a place.  I love what they do.  If I worked closer to the Fiesta Mall area, I'd be frequenting this place more often.That's all I have to say about that.
4	It's pretty decent. It's clean, and the staff is on the ball. If you have ever been to a food court japanese place, the food is pretty comparable to that. That should be your expectation walking into this place. Typically this place is poppin during Lunch Time with the people coming from the Bank of America building next door.
4	Hubby and I usually go here to get a quick terriyaki and sushi fix.  I prefer their Arizona bowl as it is under $6 and is very filling.  One of my favorite sushi items is their philly roll.  I also like their rainbow roll.  Everything is made fresh.The staff there is very nice and pretty fast at getting our food to us.  A few years ago I took a group of friends and we had a great time.
3	Yogi's is a nice fast-food alternative to a traditional Japanese restaurant. Prices are about the same as you'd find in most sit-down Japanese places, but there's something to be said about getting in and out quickly.The food is good. I've had a variety of their sushi (all rolls, all cooked, except for the very occasional raw tuna options). All were restaurant quality -- quite good. My favorite is their caterpillar roll, with an eel sauce which isn't too sweet (about $9).I give their salad mixed reviews. The dressing is light and tastes great; it's a standard Japanese vinaigrette with a hint of sesame. But why do Japanese restaurants always use iceberg lettuce? It just doesn't appeal to me.The interior of the restaurant is very clean and open, and the bathrooms get an A. I'm very disappointed that they've switched from plastic serving dishes to styrofoam. I don't go here much for this reason; I just don't like eating off of styrofoam, and it feels very wierd in such a nice atmosphere.Parking here can be hard; park north of Buffalo Wild Wings if the main lot is full.
4	My sister and I go her every month or so. She says she likes sushi, but she's not very adventurous. So she gets the shrimp crunch roll, we split an order of shrimp & veggie tempura (onions, squash, carrots, avocado, zucchini) and I get either a California roll or a chicken Teriyaki bowl. Food is really tasty and hot when it's supposed to be. The workers are nice and bring the food right to your table. Quick, everything tastes fresh. Not a ton of sushi variety and I wish there were more descriptions (I'd probably order other rolls if I knew what they were/what was in them), but over all I enjoy this place a lot.
4	The chicken and veggie place is great for a healthy lunch.  Plenty of broc and cabbage.  The spicy teriyaki sauce is good as well.  Wish it was a little cheaper for lunchtime - but there aren't many fast places where you can get veggies.  The plate and drink will cost you $8.
3	Someone we worked with suggested this as "japanese/sushi" when we went to lunch since we were at Mesa CC for the weekend. Not quite. It's more like a quick stop, japanese version of panda express. Although the food was cheap and surprisingly not bad (we got teriyaki bento boxes, shrimp tempura, california roll, dragon roll and crunch roll), I prob wouldn't suggest this to anyone looking for real japanese food. Ironically, there were two other authentic places a block from where we were before heading out to lunch.
2	I don't like this place  there sushi  is all premade that's y it come's out in a to go box. They keep  in the fridge in the back, and for the price you pay it should all be made fresh.
4	I've only ever ordered the Arizona Bowl (crab meat on brown rice with avocado) here, but it is delicious!  The service is average, not bad not outstanding, but the food is always consistent.  It's usually busy during the lunch hour, but I've still always been able to find a seat.
4	For fast food Japanese, Yogi's is hard to beat.  The food is fresh cooked, so get a soda and relax for a few.  It's not an exorbitant delay, but if you're expecting an in and out in 2 minutes, that's not happening (at least I've not ever had that experience).,Good variety on the menu, sushi rolls, brown or white rice, noodles, chicken, steak, seafood, combo plates - the full gamut.  I'd recommend it for a good fast Japanese meal at a reasonable price.
4	I loves me some Yogis. Great lunch time spot. Packed most of the time but not too bad with time it takes to get your order made. I always call ahead so its ready when I get there.
3	Good place to go when you want inexpensive Japanese/ Asian Fusion food.  The sushi is not good, but the other entrees are okay.  My favorite is the Arizona bowl.
4	Teriyaki chicken bowl is good. I like Kyoto Bowl's better but that's just personal preference on the taste of the sauce.
5	Just had lunch there.Teriyaki Chicken with Spicy sauce, oh yea.A lil $$, but everything is going up now-a-days except my paycheck...
2	I've been here twice and both times I wish I'd gone somewhere else. The sushi was not very good (I believe whatever I had made me sick) and the bowls are mediocre at best. I'd suggest going to Chipotle next door unless you're craving overpriced "meh" Japanese food.
2	Meh, it is fine - the food is inexpensive and quick. I'd go there again, but am not too terribly impressed with either the food or the service.
5	Been coming here for years since they opened back in 06 because the food tastes great.  Beats the pants off of Panda Express or Kyoto Bowl because the food is made fresh when you order.  Super psyched that the brand has expanded to a few other locations in the Tempe and Mesa area, hope they open shop in Chandler next!
4	Excellent for a family dinner.  Food was served quickly and it was quite tasty.  We enjoyed ourselves.
1	The food here might be good, I don't know, we weren't allowed to stay. I showed up, with my family of 5, at 8:30. We walked to the counter where the girl informed us they were only serving orders to go. I said, "the sign says you're open 'till 9." She said that yes, they were, but once our food came out it would only leave us about 5 minutes to eat. So wait, let me get this straight;First, it takes 25 mins to make a few teriyaki bowls?Second, as far as I know, if we enter an establishment during hours of operation, we should be able to sit down and eat.Third, you want me to take my family of 5, including a 3 year old and a baby, outside to eat in the car so you can close your doors at 9 on the dot?Give me a break.
3	so i use to go to Yogis a lot about 3 years back and the quality of the food as well as the service has gone down...sadlyI also noticed the portions went down as prices went up! I hate that the lunch combo price went HIGH as well Still good but just not the same
4	Not bad for a place to eat on my lunch break. I got the vegetable bowl (regular size) with rice it was only 2.99. So, I added the egg rolls. Very yummy. Will have it again!
2	My first and last time here.  I got the beef and tempura meal, it comes with 2 pieces of a California roll, a "salad" which is really just some cut up lettuce, no dressing, 2 pieces vegetable tempura and 1 piece of shrimp tempura. My shrimp tasted like cleaning product, and my beef was dry, even with the teriyaki sauce. The drink was separate which took my total from $10 to $13, with tax. Definitely a wasted $13.
4	Today, my parents and I had lunch at Yogi Grill. We shared a #26: Chicken Teriyaki and Tempura Combo. It came with 2 pieces of California Roll, Small Salad with Citrus Dressing, and 3 pieces of tempura (shrimp, onion, and sweet potato). The Chicken Teriyaki was tender dark chicken with green scallion in gourmet sauce over white rice. It was yummy!
