3	So i went here with a friend visiting from out of town who absolutely loves dunkin donuts. Now I'm more partial to specialty bakeries cause that just me. But i would like to say that Dunkin has definitely come up a notch. The employees in the store have a lot going on, the only reason for not getting a fr not getting four stars. I have been there three times in the past three days and only had to pay for donuts once. its interesting they give you these green coupons and if you fill out the survey online they give you FREE DONUTS! Yup you heard right- FREE DONUTS! What more could you ask for. The chocolate munchkins were just moist enough and so delicious. The lemon filled jelly had just enough- but not to much bitterness in the jelly.
4	Don't know why I couldn't find this specific location on yelp so now hopefully it gets added. This place was pretty busy @ 11 am. Filled with people getting their morning or midday fix of donuts and iced drinks. I personally went there for the caramel mocha ice latte it being a blazing 100 degrees outside and for a croissant sausage and egg sandwich. until I find a better tasting croissant sausage and egg sandwich around I'll be coming to DD. location specific they were pretty fast with them being busy, there was a outside shaded seating area, and easy to drive in and out of the parking area not a lot of traffic and people to avoid.
1	Is there an option for 0 stars? This store consistently has poor quality standards as well as lazy and rude employees. On many occasions the donuts are dry and stale. The coffee/iced drinks are consistently way too sweet, even when asked to tone it down, and the coffee tastes burnt. This time I draw the line. An employee named Brandon J was completely rude and inappropriate. I had come for a quick breakfast and had provided a coupon for a free iced coffee with a breakfast sandwich. He procided to ring me up and did not take off the price of the iced coffee. When I pointed it out, he rolled his eyes and said he already rung me up. He would not provide me with a revised receipt, so I am skeptical about him making the approprate correction to my credit card charge. He told me that I should have told him before he rung me up, can he be more idiotic? I handed him the coupon when I made the order. I will not be going back to this store ever again. Whoever put Brandon J on the payroll needs to reconsider.
3	This location has pretty good customer service and and food. On the downside, it doesn't have a drive thru, which would make it more convenient. Overall, this is an average Dunkin Donut location.
3	The three stars are for the donuts.  If I were rating the wait staff, coffee and bagels they'd get a 4 plus.  The problem I have with the donuts is that there aren't enough less sweet options - the only one I ever see is an unglazed plain - I've tried them and they'll do if I have a craving.  I love donuts, I really do, and depending on the shop's specialty, my favorites change.  Here though, I have a hard time because I don't lean toward filled (which they do carry a lot of) and they don't do any old fashioned or buttermilk or french crullers.  Their plain glazed are okay - nothing special, and all the others I've tried have been just too sweet for my taste.  The bagels on the other hand are wonderful - the sour cream onion and multigrain are filling but not heavy and I can eat them without toasting or cream cheese, and their coffee is great.
5	Courteous staff, very clean place, fresh coffee and donuts! Everytime!
5	Amazing staff!  Fresh coffee!   Been going there for 2 years now and my coffee is on the counter when I am next up at the register.  Sometimes line is a bit long, but they get thru it quick enough.  Ask for Victoria.  She's the best.  My dunkin d's mom!
4	I come here all the time, but only can order from Nene cause she is the only one who can make my drink correctly. She is very friendly , and always smiling. Her co worker Victoria is awful though, I will actually request Nene from now on. Victoria took my order and had me standing at the counter the entire time she was making it waiting to pay. Then the drinks were badly blended and completely unmixed.  When I complained she was very rude and argued with me over whether it was good. She should be let go and Nene should be promoted before Victoria drives away these customers. These stars were earned by Nene
5	Amazing peeps at this place!! Willing to do anything to go over the top for up at 5:45 in the morning!! Thank you all again. visited on 2/24/2013.
1	My experience this morning at dunkin was very distasteful, and by that I dont mean the donuts, I mean the service. Shaunay was vey rude and had attitude about everything I was asking him. He stood there twiddling his fingers and had no smile on his face what so ever. He didnt even say hello or good morning to me. Im really disappointed about my experience here this morning. It made me feel upset and unwelcome for my business. To be honest it kinda spoiled my morning. I dont think I will be returning to this location anytime soon.
5	All I have to say is that Dunkin Donuts is AMAZING. I don't care where we go to get them they are awesome. Plus their iced coffee is delicious too. I'm not really going to rate this particular location as a whole. The location itself was ok, the serve with very subpar. Honestly I could care less about how the service is over the actually product being served here. My husband and I love Dunkin we have had it all over and are very sad that San Diego, doesn't have a public location here. We've had dunkin in New York, Florida, all the way to the Bahamas (that's some true love). I have to say that if you haven't had it, you are truly missing out. There should be a Dunkin on every corner (ok maybe not every corner, but it should be more available). So if you live near one and haven't had it yet GO TRY IT!
4	My first stop when I get to Las Vegas!!! I love their Iced Coffee!!!
5	I ate here the morning before jumping on a plane to Europe - quick food! tasted good! Saved me from eating bad nasty super expensive airport food. By the way, you can eat healthy in a place like this - just don't order the bad stuff and you will be more than fine! I know how temping the bad stuff  But  try try try and order as healthy as you can and you are  good to go...or fly :P
4	Stopped in here for donuts for a business meeting. I received fantastic friendly service fro Viviana. The service was quick and friendly.
5	I'm so jealous that NV and AZ have this place but CA doesn't. Really ? California has In N Out, Carls Jr, Rodeo Drive, Disneyland, Beaches but we can't have a freaking Dunkin Donuts ?! I love them. I really really do. It's the best donut ever made. All of them, each and every kind. Lemon, strawberry, chocolate, cinnamon and don't even get me started on their coffee. As a Starbucks addict, I attest to the fact that Dunkin Donuts coffee is the absolute best. I can't WAIT for them to come in 2014 because I am going to gain an additional 70 lbs on just donuts.
5	Who needs plasma when there is a Dunkin around? It's not the donuts it's the Coffee! Coffee! Coffee! This is our main location although depending on what part of town we are in I have to make sure there is a Dunkin' nearby. Great service here too. Always friendly. We make a once a month order for a box of joe & 2 dozen donuts for our local fire station just to make sure they are primed and ready should the need arise. The staff there is always putting an extra donut in or doing a BoGo when they know its for the fire house. Now that's great service. but no matter what I say about them.. it always comes back to:It's the Coffee! *said with my NYC accent*
3	I've only had their iced pumpkin latte and a glazed donut. All I can say is, "eh, just okay." I'm normally not much of a sweets pastry girl so to me, a donut is just a donut. A glazed donut to me taste the same no matter where you get one at.Their iced pumpkin latte was SWEEETTTT!!!!! Good lords....me no likey. If you got a sweet tooth then these coffees would be right up your alley. I much, much MUCH rather stick to my beloved Starbucks...or a locals favorite, Madhouse Coffee. I haven't tried their flavored cream cheese and bagels yet. Once I do...hopefully I can update this and bump it up a star. And maybe next time, I'll try a different kind of coffee drink.Dunkin isn't a bad place at all...just not a place I would prefer to get my iced coffees from.
4	Went to Vegas over the Veterans day weekend, and stopped here on our way out of town to go home. Customer service was good. I'm not that familiar with their menu being a noob and all. The lady helped me and the order came out pretty fast. Actually DIDN'T get coffee, as we had bucs earlier. Had the Pepperidge farm sausage breakfast and got a 25 pack of assorted Munchkins (if you don't know, that's what they call their donut holes). The best one, in my opinion, is the white powder jelly filled, yes, donut hole! If you like those powdered donuts you buy in the grocery stores but wish they had a little more of the jelly to donut ratio? These are for you. The rest of the flavors were good, too.Breakfast sammie was really good, too. Mine was drippin' grease, but come on, it's Dunkin Donuts, not bean sprouts! lolNow, I'm going to add some info that my parents told me about a trip here and this info will not be reflected in MY score, I just wanted to throw it out there and see if anyone else had experienced this...My parents said they came to this location, ordered some donuts, and claimed they were FROZEN?!?!?! Huh? Maybe this is a company secret, don't they cook their donuts in the shop? Again, I can't attest to this personally, but I thought that was really strange!Overall, I look forward to Dunkin Donut's return to California.
4	As with all chain establishments the product quality tends to be spot on because of the simple fact that they have it down to a science. I had gotten some iced coffee and it was great, just as it always is. I also purchased a dozen assorted doughnuts for my office and was told they were good as well. So I suppose what people would be looking for in a review about this place would be the other intangibles.The customer service was awesome! Even early in the morning you can find friendly smiling folks brewing coffee, taking orders, and cooking up breakfast sandwiches. Even with long lines this place is a model of efficiency.
2	Dunkin Donuts are terrible. If you got to have your sugar fix, go to Starbucks. Better quality sugar items. In college Dunkin donuts were good because you had a hangover and anything tasted good.
5	3/21/14 Stopped in to find a friendly face from Rhode Island working here great service.
5	My hubby and I finally tried the hyped-up Dunkin Donuts coffee, and I must admit, it's pretty darn good! We also bought the pumpkin flavored coffee for our Keurig(only $5.99:))and they're so yummy!!!! The donuts were nice and fresh but I've honestly had better but the coffee still gets *****!!!!!
2	The staff is friendly but both times I've gone to this location the cashier who also happens to be the manager got my order wrong somehow. When I told her it didn't look/taste right she was confident that she made it correctly but took it back to "fix" it but it still wasn't right. I didn't want to be a nuisance so I still took it. But the times my mom or sister went and brought a drink back for me they were fine so I guess I'm just unlucky. Their breakfast sandwiches are pretty decent as well.
1	Worst service ever! Ordered a wake up wrap and black coffee and waited 15 min. Went to the mgr to get a refund and simply gave me my money back without even offering an apology or offering to get my order for me! Sad bc I usually love Dunkin!
3	I tried Dunkin' Donuts for the first time the day before at another location & I was so hyped when I passed by this place before heading home to California. We walked in & automatically the girl at the register looked so annoyed to have customers come in. We were trying to decide on what to order & she was tapping her finger on the counter really loud. I settled for 2 double chocolate, my mom got a dozen of the little glazed balls, my boyfriend got a dozen of the chocolate glazed balls & a large hot coffee.She took forever to get our order & when we checked, she totally got our order wrong. I mean, I know mistakes happen but she was just so rude to us & then she ends up getting our order wrong. Lame. I won't be coming back to this location next time I'm in Vegas.
1	This location is THE WORST!    I live nearby and have been forced to come to this one when I'm in a time crunch.  I've never been here and waited less than 15 minutes in line and when you get to the cashier,  they are out of everything I try to order.   This happens EVERYTIME I come here.   There is another location further south on Rainbow,   I'd suggest going there.
3	Waited all week to be bad & have some Halloween donuts but unfortunately this location didn't have much to offer Even the munchkins were lacking!Shame on you dunkin!
4	I LOVE Dunkin Donuts. Do I think they have the best doughnuts? No! Every time I come to Vegas, I always make a stop at Dunkin because there aren't really any locations near where I live. Service, the service is fairly friendly and efficient. You get what you want, you pay, and you're out. I like that. I always come for their Keurig K-cups, they have a more robust taste than their regular packaged coffee.Back to the donuts. I like that they have seasonal flavors like pumpkin. Their donuts aren't overwhelmingly sweet. The donuts are a pretty good size, so you don't feel too guilty for having 2 or 3 with your cup of coffee.
