4	I do believe this is the westernmost Waffle House in the US.Don't be confused by my 4 star rating. Waffle house is not going to make delicious waffles that you could imagine King Leopold of Belgium eating. The eggs are never going to make Alice Waters, Charlie Trotter or Thomas Keller smile and reminisce of a simpler time. Waffle House is great because it is open 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. I don't think the employees even know where the keys to the locks are. Don't even think of going to Waffle House unless it's between 11pm and 6am, but during those hours, that's when Waffle House deserves it's 4 stars.
5	Good food on the cheap is awesome. Better yet when you can sit at the bar and watch the food being made.No, Waffle House isn't exquisite fine dining. C'mon now.I guess it's the fact that WH doesn't exist on the West Coast is what makes it taste SO good.I love Waffle House. Its pretty much the only reason why I'd leave CA.
2	I LOVES me some Waffle House (the best hashbrowns in town IMHO) but this location is not their best.
4	Food is great and it comes out fast.  I usually end up at the waffle house at night so I can't comment on the day shift.  It's one of my favorite places to grab a quick bite late at night.
4	Love the waffles and coffee.
5	The employees here are VERY friendly! I really love this Waffle House in particular because my (current) boyfriend and I came here for our first date, (it was beautiful). ...not that anyone cares...but Music from the jukebox is always playing, and the employees are easy to speak with, and the food is always hot and yummy!
2	Where to begin! Let's start with accommodations. I would not consider taking a large party (4+) as there is insufficient room, unless you are willing to have split seating arrangements or sit in the aisle. It was quite busy when my son and I arrived about 9am. We waited in the aisle as a party of 6 or 7 were just leaving. 3 were seated in the aisle and the extra chairs needed to be removed. Once seated  (directly under the a/c vent) we were greeted nicely and provided with menus. Orange juice and water were brought out quickly after our beverage order and after perusing the menu, we decided on a cheese omelet w/chili, 2 eggs and ham with a 1/2 order of biscuits and gravy on the side. Mine came with a waffle and toast. Sounds good doesn't it? We did too! Surprise..surprise!  Absolutely devoid of any flavor! That was somewhat corrected with liberal and copious amounts of salt, pepper and Tabasco. Nothing we could do with the waffle but drown it in a pool of cold generic syrup.  The items were brought out separately? First to arrive were the 2 small thin dried out discs of ham? The rest came out  one at a time as the order was completed. We had to eat quickly with the a/c blowing directly on our food. To no avail!  We could not eat fast enough and the food taste like it came out of the fridge. My egg yolk solidified before I could eat it! My son liked his omelet w/chili though it got cold too. No wonder it was the only table open when we arrived. We actually wanted to move but nothing was available. The total for all this? Ta Da!! Only $18.85 plus tip. The only redeeming factor were the pleasant and accommodating wait staff. Our hats off to you all for having to serve this stuff with a smile!  We both wished we would have stayed home and made our own and I suggest you do the same or go to any fast food joint! (note) Stay away from the south east corner booth unless it's 110 degrees outside and/or you like your food cold! . Have a nice day all!
1	Wasn't happy with the service.....or lack of.  It wasn't everyone (thank you to young lady that asked if I wanted anything and the one who apologized), but one specific server who made the experience negative.  In the area visiting but I know I won't go back to this location.
4	Another Waffle House stop, another good meal.  That's one thing I love about the Waffle House, no matter where you find one, they're usually the same good grub at each.
5	You can never go wrong here! best breakfast in town!
4	Grabbed some breakfast here with the kids while on vacation at the nearby Wigwam.  So there are no Waffle House Restaurants where we live in Los Angeles and my little daughter has been begging to try one everyone time she sees one when we're out of town.So I figured that the Waffle House is to waffles like IHOP is to pancakes.  Well that's true sort of.  They do serve a variety of waffles, but the restaurant is much smaller and it is configured where all the cooks and wait staff are behind a counter and they serve you from within this inner circle.In any case, the place doesn't look like much, but the food (breakfast) is great and the prices are cheap.  We also enjoyed great service on our visit.
4	I came here for the waffles. I also had a fried egg (over easy) and some bacon. The hot cocoa is pretty tasty as well.They do offer the option of adding some chopped pecans on top of your freshly cooked waffles. Not Belgian waffles, but hey they stacked two on top of each other and I was happy. The 24 hour Waffle house is a great way to end the night after going out with friends who wanted to bar hop.
4	This is the second time that we had breakfast at the Waffle House in Goodyear. Both times we really enjoyed out meal. The staff is friendly and attentive to our needs. It is fun to sit at the counter and watch everyone interact.
3	Delicious, greasy, diner  food in a tiny little open restaurant, yes please!!It's definitely not the most fancy of places, but what you see is what you get. I love the prices and simple menu. The value meals are huge and worth the price! I got a 2 egg scrambled plate with bacon, raisin toast, grits, and a famous waffle. And it was all around 7 bucks!! I could barely get all of it down but I had to sample everything since California doesn't have these. Waffles were so good, it was the favorite part of meal. I also love raisin cinnamon toast as an option compared to the boring toast most places offer. Coffee is really good here, probably because it is served constantly all day long. They put whipped cream on the hot cocoa as well. :)Service was okay for a place that is extremely busy. There was people standing around waiting to get seats and a ton of to go orders being made. Since waitresses are literally right next to you it doesn't take long to get refills, condiments, and anything else you might need.
4	Ate breakfast here today.  Kids and wife wanted waffles, but I was watching carbs so ordered the country ham and eggs platter.  Oh man was the country ham good.  Waffles (melt in your mouth), eggs and hash browns were all very good.  Country ham was so good, kids wanted a second order of it.  The place has that close to the Interstate diner feel, but the people are nice, the food is excellent and it was clean.
1	I've eaten at quite a few waffle houses in my day, so I know not to expect much. They're usually pretty good and this one was about the same. BUT I was VERY disappointed at the service at this place. It took almost 5 minutes just for someone to get our drink order(the place was not busy) and the table was still dirty from the previous customers. I saw 2 employees on their cell phones while cooking food. Another employee was actually walking around talking on her cellphone while working. But the one thing that got me, was seeing 3 employees drinking beverages around the food. One server kept her coffee cup on the tray that held the syrup(which was right by our table). Another server had his on the counter near the stove. And another had hers near the coffee machines and I saw them quite frequently drinking from them. I know this isn't the grandest place the eat, but I was expecting a bit more than how I saw the employees behaving...
3	Had the bacon wrap nothing to write home about but I did get a MUG :)
4	OVERALL PLEASING EXPERIENCE. We came to the little Waffle House and we ordered almost everything off the menu.. Why I gave it 4 STARS...PROS:* The service was great* I'm a picky waffle eater and their WAFFLES get an A+ (wish I would have went with my mother-in-laws gut and got the pecan waffle) * Free refills on orange juice!!!* My eggs were cooked perfectly* The food came out quick* Personal pet peeve, when you walk in and they just washed the table with a bleached rag.. I just hate the smell with food! Would I return??? YESRecommend??? YESAir Conditioned??? YES!!!
4	Anytime he utters the words WAFFLE HOUSE I am in... Sunday morning breakfast... Friday night bite...I freakin' LOVE Waffle House! I always get the hashbrowns smothered (onions) covered (cheese) and topped (chili)  Granted its a total dive, older place but who cares... we all love it, kids are always happy and so is momma! We always get great service and our coffee stays full and hot and the ice tea is great!
4	Food is good. Good hearty breakfast at a very reasonable price ant the waffles are always great.
5	The pecan waffles are good! Love going there when they have the all you can eat special.
5	Normally the good is greasy, the service is bad and the place is empty. This location must be broken because the food was yummy, the service was great and there was a 20 min line to get a table. God I love this place.
5	Amazing! This is the first WH I've been too outside of NM and it was just as good if not better! I usually get the all star special with coffee and a pecan waffle. Finally bought the mug too! Only 3 bucks!
5	The Waffle House is a good ole fashion American breakfast diner serving waffles that you can eat any time of the day breakfast, lunch, or dinner. They are that great. Prices and proportions are reasonable. Best traditional breakfast diner hands down! I'm sooooo pissed SoCal does not have a Waffle House!! Hopefully soon in the future.
3	Typical Waffle House food. This place is cold as fuck! The AC is cranked and it's like sitting in a damn ice box. The music is also playing way too loud!
1	My First and Last VisitSo I always hear people say how they  love the Waffle House and in all my years I had never been to one, but I wanted to try it. Unfortunately that was a  mistake.I have to be honest I  wasn't impressed when we walked in, however, I tried to keep an open mind, after all I couldn't expect fine dining.  It didn't take long before I knew I'd never visit another Waffle House again. The first hint was the horrible smell that could only be compared to a port a jon. Next was the  dirty greasy menu and spotty silverware the waitress delivered to the table.  Then our food came and everything appeared to have been cooked in old grease, the food tasted absolutely horrible. The waitress noticed we weren't eating much and asked  if everything was ok. We paid the bill and quickly left to free up the table.I know many people like the Waffle House and that's great , but the Waffle House just wasn't for me. At least I satisfied my curiosity.
4	We like coming to Waffle House for dinner because it's not crowded like it is for breakfast. Service is quick and doesn't take long to get your food. I ordered the waffle and hashbrowns topped (with chili) and covered (with cheese). They put a lot of chili on the hashbrowns! And it was tasty. The waffle was yummy too. It was fresh & hot with a distinct vanilla taste. Not much to complain about really.
4	Apparently I've been to this location before. Since we don't have a Waffle House in California, I always make it a point to go to one if I can.Love the fact that they are open really early. Even at 5:45am they were starting to get pretty busy. Our waitress was really nice and helpful. The prices are decent. You get so much food for the price. I didn't have room for the "all the way" hashbrowns so I ordered it to-go.Will definitely come to this location again.
