1	Would not use them. They could not even get a surprise flower delivery executed correctly.
1	The reason why I ordered a wristlet for my son's prom date was because I saw it on Sun City Florist website. The photo of the wristlet and the price on their site is very deceiving. When I placed the order I chose a different bracelet, they told me the price would be a bit more which was fine since it was an upgrade. The amount of flowers on the site is way more than the actual wristlet. They were to use black ribbon with a bit of coral to combine the color of the tux and the date's dress. They didn't do that. What I ended up getting was a wristlet with the pearl bracelet (as on the site) with one large white rose bud and 3 little ones and all white ribbon. When I questioned the pricing she told me "that's the old pricing" ($15 difference) I ended up paying $37.50.The lady who I dealt with told me that they would 'adjust ' the issue the next time I order from them. I told her I wouldn't be going back. So buyers beware... You don't get what you pay for...... Don't bother with the website since the pricing is OLD!
5	I received a surprise bouquet from my sweetheart for Valentine's day, and it was the most gorgeous arrangements of flowers I have ever received! The entire arrangement was personalized, it had all of my favorite flowers, and even the vase was personalized, including my favorite color. My boyfriend said that he was able to have a representative in the shop help him completely personalize it from start to finish, and the service was great. I would highly recommend Sun City-Summerlin Flowers to any and everyone!
1	I am so upset! It is my aunts birthday today and every year I send her flowers because I know no one who loves flowers more than she does. For over 10 years I have used French Bouquet and loved every single arrangement they have put together. this year however they had a small selection of flowers so I found Sun City-Summerlin Flowers and ordered from them. The biggest mistake I have ever made. I asked for an arrangement made out of tulips and paid $130 and what arrived was a sorry 8-10 half dead tulips with no design at all. I am calling them tomorrow to demand my money back and will reorder from french bouquet!!!!!!
1	I am very disappointed in this florist.  I am very sick and someone ordered flowers for me from them.  They called when trying to make the delivery and needed my address??  They already made the arrangement and left the store then they call?  Since I was resting I didn't get the message right away so I called as soon as I did and they already closed...even though the website said they were supposed to be open.  I called the next day and they couldn't explain what went wrong but said it would be delivered today.  Again no flowers, and when I called again they closed before the stated business hours on their website.  I don't know who sent the flowers so I can't even give them a heads up that they didn't get what they paid for.  If I ever get the flowers, they will probably be half dead.  Buyer beware!  There are other more reputable florists in Las Vegas.
5	Ordered an exotic arrangement from their website but received an email that in the timeframe I wanted, it may be difficult to fulfill order. I called the shop the next day and spoke directly to the owner and not only did she give me some recommendations on the style I wanted, she also said if my honey didn't like them, she'd redo them for me. Well, after they delivered the arrangement, I received the greatest call telling me how beautiful they were. I can only say that I would use them again and I was extremely happy about the great customer service....
5	My long-distance boyfriend has had flowers sent to me from sun city a few times and every time they are just beautiful!!  always super friendly delivery as well! Our yoga studio also uses them in our front desk arrangements and they are always so different and gorgeous! I look forward to seeing the new ones when I come in :)
2	I have had a few "okay" experiences with this florist in the past.  On Valentines Day 2013 my husband purchased their largest red rose arrangement for $300.  The presentation was nice, if a little dated, but sadly within just a couple days the flowers died.  Every other time I have received flowers from this company they have not lasted as long as other florists or even the cheap flowers from the supermarket.  I would rate the quality of the arrangements from this florist as 3/5.Most recently, my husband attempted to place a last minute balloon order at 3:30 pm from this company over the phone.  Their website states they are open until 5pm so he thought that may be enough time to pick up the balloons.  He was advised by the person who took his order that the balloons would be ready for pick up the same day.  When he arrived to the shop at 3:50 pm the shop was closed early and the store door hours stated they closed at 4pm.How did this miscommunication happen?  Well, anyone who is thinking about ordering from this florist should be aware that the phone number they advertise actually goes to an off site call center that represents themselves as in-house.  My husband was lied to that he could get the balloons the same day when the florist closed early that day without informing their call center ordering team.  When my husband called the phone number (that they list on their website and on the door of their shop) as he stood outside the CLOSED shop, the person on the phone still tried to represent themselves as a florist on site and that the store was indeed open.  This was very frustrating and the miscommunication and outright lying wasted his timeI understand that sometimes last minute orders cannot be filled but this business needs to update their website with their ACTUAL hours and make sure that whatever ordering service they use is updated with any exceptions to their hours. The call center ordering team that their phone number directs to also needs to be honest about the fact they are not on site.
5	This place rocks, I have used them more than a dozen times. Everyone is down to earth and excited to help you. From the owner to bottom they are amazing
