5	J. Sams is the newest addition to Charlotte's Piedmont Row located in the SouthPark neighborhood of town. With a great selection of wine and small appetizers, it's one of my new favorites.  Not only is there tons of local art to take in while there, the owner himself J. Sam is there to greet each and every customer giving this wine bar a real 'neighborhood' feel.My favorite part of the place?? The servers!! The lead bartender is also a sommelier and has great knowledge about each and every wine that is served.  That's a lot more than I can say about other establishments in town that 'claim' to be wine bars. If you're looking for something new to do in town put J. Sams on your list. I know the next time we get a sitter we're headed there!
3	We visited J. Sam's on a Saturday afternoon before dinner.  I'd read it was supposed to have a NoDa vibe in SouthPark, so I was in!  There was some great art, but it still felt fancier and more upscale than NoDa.  I did like the chocolate brown, tan and wine colored walls/furniture, and it felt warm and cozy inside.J. Sam was there to welcome us and thank us for coming, and the servers were very nice and knowledgeable.  There was perhaps a little more server conversation than I'd like, but I appreciate good customer service, and I get what they were going for.  I just usually prefer to fly under the radar.We only had drinks, but the food looked really interesting.  I had a couple of cocktails ($12 each) and the fella had a couple of beers - a Piraat for $7 and a La Fin Du Monde for $9, which was pretty darn pricey for that beer considering a four-pack is $12.99.  Funny enough, we stopped by the Del Frisco's bar for one more drink, and their cocktails were the exact same price as J. Sam's.  Before we went, I kinda figured J. Sam's would be a little less expensive and fancy than Del Frisco's, but no such luck.  Overall, a solid place to grab a drink, but my expectations were a little different than the reality.
4	My husband and I stopped by J. Sam's last Saturday night for a glass of wine before our dinner reservations at DelFriscoes. Neither of us had been to J. Sam's before and just randomly walked in. I have to say that from moving from Plaza Midwood and all that it has to offer socially and now living in the Southpark area, we were very pleased! Great selections of wine and great atmosphere! We miss all of the local bars/wine places in Midwood and NoDa so we are happy to have found a new place to go to! Looking forward to going back and trying their food. It has to be better than our experience at DelFriscoes...Service was great and super friendly! Nice, quaint spot for the Southpark area!
5	This wine bar is super cute! The wine selection is nice, plus the artwork on the walls was very interesting to look at and talk about.I have not tried their food, but it does look good. Both times that I've gone to J Sam's, I've noticed the owner there. He interacts with the customers, which is pretty cool!J Sam's also has firepits outside, with seating. I haven't sat out there, but I would love to go back soon to try that out! I thought that was a unique feature to include.
5	Great wine bar! I personally go here for the cocktails! They have live music every Saturdays.
2	Friendly staff, but that does not save the appallingly bad food. I can't speak for the wine list or the cheeses, which appears to be the main draw, but the lunch items were terrible. The bahn mi smelled bad and the chicken in the wrap was slimy. Honestly, I give one star for the pleasantness of the staff and one "benefit of the doubt" star for wine and cheese. I want this place to work, but for me, it didn't.
4	Wine Tasting's every month! 30 wines to taste for a 20.00 ticket. You can't beat that. I've walk past this every day as I go to my condo, but I've never stopped in till this event. Friends asked me to come down and meet them for the tasting and I am glad I did. I remember this location when it was Dolcetto's and it is pretty similar in the set up and interior. The best seating is on the patio and I love the little fire-pit in the evenings. It looks so cozy.This event was really nice, for 20.00 you get a glass and a list of wines and can walk around from serving station to serving station trying the wines. The pour was a good tasting pour and they had a good range of wines to try.I am a red drinker and love big boy cabs. I have been a wine drinker for a long time and just recently had to cut down on it for dietary reasons, but I do love the process and the result.  So anyway, it was mostly couples but there were some people who mingled a bit, which was nice. I ended up getting two bottles that I think are going to be great with a nice steak or even a burger and I will definitely be back on a regular night to have a cheese plate and some cab.The owners were very nice and all the servers were knowledgable.
2	We tried J Sam's again to have a drink before dinner at Del Frisco's and give it another shot, but this time was even worse. The bartender - Cameron, I think - came over to our high-top table to give us food and drink menus. When he came back to take our order, I asked how the Autumn Martini was, and he said it was so good that he gets annoyed by how many people order it because of how long it takes to make. Ummm... I'll take one? To be fair, it was pretty delicious, but I almost felt bad ordering it because of how he complained about having to make it.When he put our drinks on the table, he grabbed the menus, and I asked if we could keep the drink menu in case we wanted to order another drink. He said, "Seriously?" What the what?!? Is it so rare that we'd want to order another drink? There were only two other couples in the whole place, so I know they weren't worried about a drink menu shortage.After that remark, we decided that we actually wouldn't have one more drink, but it took forever to get our bill because he wouldn't stop talking to the couple at the bar long enough to come over, so I had to flag down a woman who worked there.I'll give anywhere a second chance but not a third. No more J Sam's for us!
4	J Sam's is an excellent, "neighborhood" addition to Piedmont Row.  The menu has fresh farm to table options.  I've eaten the lamb, ribs, scallops, BBQ and spring rolls.  Each plate is served with an upscale appeal and is delicious.  The coconut cake from the dessert options is phenomenal.  Of course the wine list is expansive and the bar manager, Cameron, is a sommelier.  Cameron is efficient, witty and has never met a stranger.  He makes every patron feel welcome, and he will have you laughing, in a good mood and relaxed within minutes.   Did I mention the variety of local art work for sale inside and the fire pits outside?  Visit this establishment...now!
5	J.Sams is my favorite place for great wine, food and conversation in Charlotte.  It is the perfect mix of modern/artsy/friendly.  Great wine selection and light tapas/meal options.  Love to go unwind after a long day at work.  J. Sam (the owner) is always around to greet and chit chat.  I truly believe that the key to a successful business is for the owner to be involved and present.  This is the case at J. Sams.  Leah will take great care of you whether you are seated at a table, one of the comfy seating areas inside, amazing seating outside, or if you just pull up a seat a the bar.
4	During the insanity that was St. Patrick's day weekend we decided to duck into J. Sam's to decompress.  The atmosphere was night and day when compared to Taco Mac's rowdy crowds.  We sat at a cozy patio table with a fire pit while next door they were trying to recreate Mardi Gras (including the public drunkenness).We enjoyed a couple of drinks (their special for the weekend) and tried the duck quesadilla.  It was tasty, but a little thin for a quesadilla.  We were expecting something a bit more robust.Overall, it was an incredibly nice place to relax and they played live music accompanied by an amazing singer.  I was underwhelmed by the food, but would give it another chance.  If you're looking for a good cocktail and an upscale environment then I'd definitely recommend J. Sam's.
5	Love J Sams! The owner, J Sam.....duh....is very personable and a great host. He comes and talks to you. The wine selection is excellent! They offer a Croze Hermitage by the glass! I mean WHO in Charlotte offers a Northern Rhone by the glass? J Sams does! Their food selections are limited but of good quality. Charcouterie plate is excellent! Overall a great wine bar. Go during the Friday nite Piedmont Row bash! Great fun!
5	Our present day Cheers where everybody knows your name!! J.Sams makes you feel like you walked into his living room and he's glad to see you!! Best customer service in CLT and Cameron is an awesome bartender/sommelier!
5	Customer service was great and so was the environment! The staff gave great advice on the wine and the cheeses to try, we will definitely be going back!
3	Great patio and rotating selection of wine, small plates, and desserts.  While the small plates menu is itself quite small, the prices are on the high end, a premium that most folks seem willing to pay given J. Sam's places a high priority on local sourcing.  One nice feature:  the small plates menu includes a suggested wine pairing for each offering.  On my visit, I enjoyed the jumbo seared scallop and the banh mi shrimp spring rolls with caramel shrimp, pickled daikon, and carrot slaw (below) plus a nice glass of Malbec on their awesome patio overlooking the round at Piedmont Town Center-the perfect spot to relax and enjoy the live music of Alive After Five on Friday nights.
4	Very nice place to grab a drink after work! Nice atmosphere and tasty small plates - but very small, don't come here for dinner because you will have to order about 5 :) service is also a little slow but very pleasant, will def be back.
5	J. Sams is an amazing place. The wine selection is immaculate and extraordinary.  The food is delicious and to perfection.  And the atmosphere is very happy and relaxed. And last but not least J. Sam is a great owner. He truly cares about his guests and wants to make sure everyone is having a good time. Highly recommend.
4	Great food and good wine selection. Lots of healthy options on the menu! Our waiter was very friendly and attentive  (it was his first night but I never would have known it if he didn't tell us, he was very on point). We stayed pretty late for a work dinner/wine night and they were not all pushy about getting us out to use the table or due to the late hour that we stayed. Honestly, the only reason they didn't get 5 stars is that I think they should have a price break on buying bottles of wine. Not necessarily on every bottle (I understand if there's a high cost on some wines), but on some. Other than that it was great. They have a cute outside area as well that I'd like to try next time.
