5	I freaking love The Good Egg. It's a great straight up, no frills, breakfast place. It almost reminds me of the diners back home in NY. You can pretty much get eggs any way you want them along with all sorts of other breakfast goodies. (They have inventive/creative options.)  In my experience the service has been great and the food is inexpensive. I wish there was a place like this in Boston, but alas, I will just keep pining away for it until I move. And the 6th free entree "Best Thing In Life" card is sweet.
4	You name it, you can get it here (within breakfast reason).They have omelets, eggs to order, wraps, french toast, pancakes, an a la carte list a mile long and good coffee.  We had to wait, but it was quick.
4	The Good Egg is good! Shocker! You usually have to wait because it gets pretty busy, but the food is good, the service accommodating, and the atmosphere reminds me of a country home for some reason. Think of it is a notch up from Denny's. Which includes a little price increase, but it's still affordable. It's not a place I usually go because the waits were a little ridiculous and it's full of big loud families and old people.
3	The Good Egg, while a no-frills diner - needs to understand a simple notion about food service. Not all sauces are created equal!A perfect example is the description of the Eggs Benedict on the menu...which ends saying" topped with hollandaise sauce"Anybody who knows enough about food and mother sauces knows that a hollandaise sauce is egg based and nonetheless one of the most difficult and coveted sauces to master. In case of the good egg, which unmistakingly has never mastered making hollandaise sauce as I am confident it is made from a mix -The appearance of the sauce on the eggs benedict dish does not even resemble its closest cousin, but rather reminiscent of a sinus purge or a remake of the movie "waiting."Do me a favor, do not order that dish at the Good Egg at any cost, no matter how hungry you are, or how many years it's been since you've last had eggs benedict.  There are much safer and appetizing options on the menu.This review concerns newly opened "The Good Egg" visited yesterday for breakfast on Hayden road and Thompson Peak in North Scottsdale by the Fry's marketplace.
2	I don't know what I was expecting... I thought this would be a nice place for a nice breakfast... I was expecting frills... and boy was I disappoitned! My mom had breakfast there with a friend at the downtown location and loved it. So when we were on a shopping excursion to scottsdale this was the natural place to go for breakster. We entered the CRAZY busy resturant that was all hustle and bustle... I was excited. We sat down and pour ourselves some water and ordered our food. We laughed at the silly egg-centric western themed paintings and waited for our food. When it arrived it was a bit of a let down. The eggs benedict were mushy. I wish the english muffin was toasted more and the hollandaise was luke warm at best and became cold before I was done with my meal. It didn't help that the skillet they served it in was ice cold! I would have preferred it on a warm plate. The country potatos aren't anything great - but they aren't anything terrible eaither.  My mom loved her sun devils egg scramble with bell pepers and onions. Everything really reminded me of Denny's and Ihop. Nothing was substantial, other than the rudeness of my fellow diners. One woman sat and picked at her teeth with her bare hands! Mouth WIDE open and everything!! Another man came in without shoes!! not even flip flops! WTF?! I thought this was Scottsdale?! The hell?!To my fellow yelpers: it's nothing great, save your money and your time and try somewhere else.
4	Another Arizona-only restaurant that I wish they had in California. Food is spot on.Service kind of varies (since the waiter forgets things).The print on the menu is seriously font size 8 or something because there's just SO much on there. I usually spend 10 minutes going through the menu and end up picking out 5 or 6 things that I want. I always settle for some sort of benedict though -- go figure. The house potatoes that come with your brekky is made perfectly.I love the Good Egg!(Photos uploaded)
2	We went for breakfast here while on vacation, although I didn't pick the place, I had heard good things but found it to be ok (I prefer to visit non-chains). It reminds me of any other breakfast at any other diner that isn't really memorable or great. I had the eggs benedict but whatever they called the version with avocado. It was ok, a nice change from regular eggs benedict but not as good as the menu seemed to make it out to be. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food just fine (they got salads or some skillet things). Overall the wait wasn't too bad, I didn't care for unattended children running around and the service could've been better (I waited forever before I got my coffee, and I'm not happy until I've had my coffee fix). I'd say its ok, but I don't plan on ever going back.
4	Good food, good service, resonable prices, and a comfortable atmosphere... Plus, it's next door :)I think this place is a great value overall. The owners are very sweet and the staff is friendly. Would take it over Denny's ANY day!!!! Try the omelets or the skillets.
2	This place wins the award for...........worst bacon EVER!!! I mean the worst! It's basically like when you are cooking bacon and mess up so badly you throw it out, but instead of throwing it out, they put it on a plate and bring it out for you to eat. The rest of the food is not that good, but not as bad as the bacon. It is all pretty basic, I have gone a few times and never left saying I had a great meal. There is one close to where I live, but I'd rather drive the extra few miles to experience a better breakfast.
4	If old people know breakfast then when you walk in you realize this must be the right place. We were seated immediately and the service was just as fast. The food came almost as quick as McDonald's but it was real food. They have 22 different toppings for the pancakes. From Craisons to peaches, Oreos to trail mix and they finish off the list with whatever. They have a fairly big menu with what seemed like many original dishes. I ordered the Power house. Some skillet type thing with chicken, jalapenos, onions with pico de gallo and salsa. It came with sour dough toast and I had a side of petite pancakes. The side of black beans on the side mixed with pico looked gross but they were very good. The petite pancakes were huge and they were good. Simple, fluffy and tasty. I tackled them first and tried the skillet after. I simply couldn't finish it all but it was good. The wife ordered the Crabby One crepes. Crab as you could guess, brie cheese, spinach, shrimp and mushrooms topped with hollandaise sauce. She said this was quite good, especially once you got into the brie. The tea came with a large carafe and two tea bags. Nice touch if they are not going to serve loose leaf. It was more tea than I wanted so that was a nice feeling. It couldn't be classified as cheap for $34 but it was pretty good. One of the few places we ate at in Scottsdale that I would go back to. By the way, it seems that old people must know breakfast!!!
3	This place is OK, not too flashy, but OK. Our family of 12 called an hour before for reservations on a busy thursday and managed to get great seating without a wait. The waitress was phenomenal, totally on top of her game and didn't batt an eyelash when she kept being sent too and froo by various sections of the table (we tipped her really well). However, the food was slightly above mediocre. My potatoes were overly cooked, and the sausage tasted wrong. My omlette was also tasting strange and was rubbery. So service was wonderful, but the food was meh.
4	This is my "go to" breakfast place every time I come to Scottsdale and has been for over 15 years. The Good Egg serves up great food, at reasonable prices with servers who actually seem to like their jobs. Not fancy by any means but the cozy interior with tables and booths and the few seats that they have outside on the walkway (it's in a strip mall after all) are always full so plan to wait a bit it you go on a weekend. The good news? I've never waited more than 15 minutes to get seated as the food comes up fast and people move through pretty quickly. They have a HUGE menu- all kinds of eggs, pancakes with at least 20 toppings, skillet dishes and old favorites like Eggs Benedict. They also serve a lunch menu but I've only ever been here for breakfast. On my most recent visit- I had Eggs Benedict. The hollandaise sauce was lemony and creamy and the eggs perfectly poached. I also was able to taste some of my friend's pancakes which were also pretty great. And the side of bacon that he had was quickly gone between the two of us. Service was efficient and friendly without too much chatter (I'm not much of a morning person). And given the large portions- the prices here are reasonable. Next time you are in the Valley- check out The Good Egg. Your stomach will thank you.
4	Pretty good place, woke up with a hangover and had to set out to our next destination and found this place. The orange juice is fresh squeezed which is delicous and the overall breakfast is pretty good. Reminds me of the "Broken Yolk" in San Diego
4	Killer huevos rancheros, add chorizo, eggs over medium perfectly done.  My only complaint was that they wouldn't let my dog sit out on the "patio" which was really just a strip mall walkway due to a corporate policy.  We were coming from the airport with a starving 2 year old and this hiccup caused us to eat in shifts.Nevertheless, when it was my turn to eat, I housed it all, including the leftover turkey sausage on my wife's plate who was on dog patrol at the time.
3	Surprisingly good! Was expecting the typical greasy breakfast platter but they have a variety of selection from healthy egg whites to thick rich gravy. We tried the bisquit w gravy which was pretty tasty. Bacon was ok... Nothing to rave about. Otherwise everything we ordered was good and at the right price. They even leave you a pitcher of water and coffee so you don't have to keep asking the waitress for refills. No wait for seating even on a Sunday for brunch.
5	I am a huge fan of The Good Egg! They have the best flavored coffee. They have a different flavor every day, so check out the white board by the door as you're walking in to see what it is! I love their country style potatoes & omelets as well. The food comes out in a timely fashion & the servers are always polite & provide great service. My best friend highly recommends the Santa Fe straw sandwich if you're looking for more of a lunch entree.
4	I would say this is the Scottsdale version of Egg Harbor.  I swear they even bought their benches and chairs from the same manufacturer.I digress.The food was good, not great, and really nothing special or out of the ordinary.  It was delivered to our table hot and quickly,  two very important components.  The portions were not overwhelming or too large to finish.It is family friendly and there was no wait on any of the mornings we ate there.  It worked out well on our journey to the airport.
3	I can't stand Denny's! My youngest son had explosive dia...never mind -- bad story about a cross country trip and having to stop every 100 miles to find a Walmart and buy underwear.So, this is a great place for breakfast, even for us late risers. Sure, a couple of the waitresses are brain damaged, but the food is good and you get a frequent diner card with every  sixth or tenth meal free. I have two full cards but haven't had a chance to see what the free breakfast includes and which waitress they give me.The Scottsdale location has a mellow collection of conservative republicans and the "Snottsdale crowd" but ignore them and park the dirtiest, most beat up car you can borrow (or have, in my case) next to a Bentley or Mercedes (make sure at least three hubcaps are removed from your vehicle). Then exit the car and walk like you're drunk. Walk behind the other persons car and look at the side. Then shrug and stumble into the restaurant. You can be sure you've perplexed and worried a diner who has watched the entire episode.Fun and good food! What else is there in life?
4	i LOVE breakfast food! especially eggs benny! so obviously i had to get it when i saw it on the menu. actually i got the sunrise benny. this was the perfect place for brunch while trying to recover from a crazy night out on the town. there was no wait, service was good, food came out fast and it totally hit the spot. i think its awesome that they bring the table a pitcher of water...we definitely needed it. best moment: the guys that were seated before us requesting a table that was not near a lot of people or kids...lol.
3	My first stop after a peaceful morning nap on the hammock at my hotel, was the Good Egg. I read a lot of reviews on Yelp beforehand. I was trying to decide between the Breakfast Club, and my hotel was a lot closer to Good Egg. Upon walking in, the cashier grabbed a menu quickly and lead me to my table. I was immediately seated and a waitress came over with a jug of water with lemon slices. I ordered a fresh large glass of orange juice. REALLY fresh and perfect flavor. For breakfast, I ordered the Farmhouse benedict. It had sausage patty, bacon, and ham on a buttermilk biscuit with sausage gravy drizzled on top. Complimented by a side of potatoes. It looked delicious, but my food was near cold. The biscuit I could taste was not near warm, and it seemed like it was just put on the bottom straight from the fridge? The meats were good except the bacon. A little too crispy and chewy. Does that make sense? LOL I took the bacon off. I was definitely hungry and I didnt want to complain to the waitress so I ate it all. She was also very friendly and came by a couple times to make sure I enjoyed my meal, so thats why I didn't do anything about it.I think tomorrow before I leave to go home, I will try another breakfast spot.
2	I've never been here before, so I thought I'd check it out. My usual breakfast places are Matts Big Breakfast, La Grande Orange, and Orange Table which I think are all outstanding.  Had to wait a bit for the coffee pot to arrive, which was surprising since it wasn't that busy.  Coffee was terrible, typical truck stop stuff. Had the special, San Antonio Skillet (potatoes, red bell peppers, green chilies, diced chicken, jack, eggs, sour cream & cilantro. The chicken was tough and chewy, must have been left overs from yesterday.  Food took a long time to arrive, and was not hot. Service was so-so (waitress certainly wasn't enthusiastic), This place is akin to a typical tasteless truck stop breakfast joint, If you want great service, tasty, fresh food go Matt's, La Grande Orange, and Orange Table. This place is around the corner from where I live so it's very convenient, and I'll probably be back to check out one of their Benedict's since many reviewers said they were great.
4	We ate here a couple of times during our visit. Great food! Busy place and highly recommend.Our first visit was great service, second visit was not the same, but our server was new....otherwise a fifth star!
2	I don't know why I keep coming back here, it's probably because it's convenient.  My boyfriend came here earlier in the week and his breakfast was served with a piece of hair.  OMG!  They of course comped him...So he came back with me - his 2nd time this week.  I ordered the Eggs Benedict, and we shared a short stack of blueberry whole wheat pancakes which were actually decent.  The benedict was amateur - but I knew this from a visit 1-2 years ago.  Service is average, food isn't good.  But bonus for outdoor seating.  Whatever.
2	I thought the Good Egg was mediocre.  I got a veggie omelet with brie.  The brie was really thin and sparse and the veggies were definitely not fresh.  Also, my plate came with the toast on it and it still had empty space.  If I'm paying money for a meal, I want my plate to be full.  Service was fine.  They kept my coffee and water cup full throughout the meal.  But, unfortunately the best service would not make up for the poor quality ingredients.
2	I think a more appropriate name for this restaurant should be "The Disappointing Egg", as I was very disappointed in my meal. I got a veggie omelet that was supposed to include broccoli among other vegetables. The "broccoli" in my omelet was literally a pinch of broccoli scraps that you might find at the bottom of the bag. It was mostly onion, which is a pretty big cop-op for an overpriced omelet. Granted, this was my first time here, so bear that in mind w/me review, this experience has lead me to not want to come back. I found it to be a waste of time, money, and calories.
2	Breakfast spoiler totally and I have given them 2 chances btw! The food served is usually cold- I think they wait to combine several orders before bringing stuff out to serve....ingredients not so well done, orders get mixed up and the servers are just too slow! The least I expect is a good omelette at a joint like this and we have ordered 3 different types only to get more disappointed. They don't have a good variety of pancakes either and the maple syrup served was really bad! NO GO.
4	So much food to choose from on the menu! They have so many options (healthy eater,unhealthy eater,  vegetarian, breakfast, lunch, etc)  for every kind of diner. I tried an omlet with turkey and brie and I enjoyed it very much. The orange juice was fresh. I was expecting very large portions but they are more than perfect for a super hungry appetite. Service was very good.
3	Changing to 3 stars from 2- this time,we went with a  group and service turned out better. Try Caprese and La Vida Loca- tasted great! I had a better experience overall, so i am happy to keep it on my breakfast joint list.
5	One of my favorite breakfast places in Scottsdale. They have a "Best Things in Life Card" that they punch so every 5th breakfast is free. They have double punch days for holiday weekends too. The omelets are awesome, the pancakes are super yummy and their portions are always big. If you leave hungry its your own fault! They also give you to go cups of whatever drink you order to take with you at the end of the meal. They are always super friendly here and the atmosphere is good for kids. This location has a nice patio and offers complimentary coffee while you wait to be seated. All around a wonderful breakfast joint. They have 15 different locations around the valley so you are bound to have one close to you.
1	Waited 20 minutes for a table.  Ordered and waited another 30 minutes before the waiter told us he forgot to put in our order -- "Sorry" was his only platitude.   He came back and said "the manager was aware of the situation".  Waited ANOTHER 30 minutes for our order to come out and it was wrong.  #$%(*#$U%Got up and spoke to the manager.  She had NOT been told anything.  The waiter had lied.  Her response was "sorry" again.  We left.  Horrible service.  I will avoid in the future.
3	Decent breakfast spot, but the service wasn't tip-top, I'm not rushing to go back.... Decently priced tho.
5	Good Egg how I've missed you!!! I lived in AZ for three years and we came here for Sunday Brunch every Sunday sometimes with only 2 of us or other times with 8 depending on what we did the night before and how hungry everyone was the next morning after a night of drinking!! The food has always been great and we always knew what to expect. Service has always been great! Even after all the years that have gone by since I moved the place is still great, still busy as ever, and still knows how to produce great food!!
3	Mmmmmmm, breakfast!  Enjoyed a nice skillet (Pueblo, I think it was - something southwestern) and a few bites of a buttermilk pancake.  All was yum in my tum.  My friend had a wheat pancake with straw- and blueberries, and she said it was the best one she'd ever had.  She's kind of a picky eater, so that's pretty good testimonial there.   It's a cute little local chain breakfast eatery.  Have to round down to 3 stars for the pokey service, though.
4	I will keep this review simple, just like this nice restaurant. Plenty of parking area, greeted nicely, we ate on the patio. The food was freshly prepared and quite substantial (especially the skillets) Good value and ambiance. All in all a pleasant experience.
3	We love The Good Egg. Eat there all the time. However, this last weekend it wasn't as eggcelent as it has been at other locations. The bacado omelette was a little weak on the avocado's and the huevos rancheros seemed not as hooked up as usual. The presentation wasn't Good Egg style i guess you could say. But hey, it was still the good egg and was A-OK.
3	Stopped in at The Good Egg for breakfast on a Saturday around noon.  I appreciated that there were quite a few other folks having a lazy late breakfast.  I had the Florentine Benedict. The size of the hollandaise sauce portion was a little bit overwhelming and a little bit too thick but otherwise tasted fine.  John had the pancakes, which were huge.  He was psyched.  Prices were reasonable for a breakfast place, which in Scottsdale is rare.  Coffee was too weak for me but they leave a big carafe of coffee and a pitcher of water on the table which is kind of nice.  Huge restaurant with plenty of seating.  Country decor but not obnoxious.  There wasn't anything here that I was blown away by but it was totally edible, homey breakfast food.  I'd have no problem eating there again.
5	Yes, Yes and Yes!  Went on a Friday around 12:30p for my favorite meal: brunch!  My brother had pancakes, eggs and sausage.  I had choc chip walnut pancakes with eggs and potatoes. YUM! We both enjoyed our meals very much.  Staff was super nice, great experience.  I guess I found my go to brunch spot in Scottsdale :)
2	Prices are way high for a breakfast place. Over 25 dollars for two adults. Cute atmosphere, but the food, which sounded unique and delicious on the menu, did not live up to the talk. Super disappointed.
1	Bad from the start. Dirty silverware, really dirty table. The waitress seemed bothered that I asked her to wipe the table down. The food either over or under cooked. Overall a horrible first time experience...waited about 10 minutes to talk to manager but she couldn't tear herself away from chatting with some friends so I left.
5	Love that I get my own pot of coffee and pitcher of water!  The Monterey omelet was quite good...country style potatoes -- yum!  My waitress, Malina, was attentive, but not overbearing, pleasant, and right on time every step of the way!  A good experience, overall.
2	I guess if The Good Egg was the only breakfast place around, I'd give it 3 stars, but every time someone suggests eating there, here's my thought process: How about Over Easy? D'lish? Scramble? Oh, I know, Matt's Big Breakfast! Or Daily Dose? What about Breakfast Club? Or True Food for brunch? Literally anywhere else, please Jesus, save me from the mediocrity. The Good Egg doesn't even set the bar particularly high for its eggs.. I mean, they only have to be "Good". Unfortunately, they suck. I have never had a good egg here, ever, nor a good anything else. Maybe because everything on the healthy menu tastes like cardboard and everything not on the healthy menu tastes like diabetes... but seriously. Sorry, establishment, but I've eaten at you about seven times now (against my will) and you are frustrating me with your lack of effort.Perhaps if the food was incredibly inexpensive (like how it tastes), I'd see the merit in eating here once in a while, for convenience's sake. The thing is... it's not even cheap. Plus, I can definitely make everything on their menu at home. Here's my recommendation: If you hate cooking as much as you hate eating interesting food, The Good Egg will suffice.
4	My wife and I are in this place all the time, and love it!  Whether for breakfast or lunch, we enjoy many of the expansive menu offerings. Great food is exceeded by superlative wait staff, most of whom we know by name.  Unlike "Rachel R," there are PLENTY of people who also enjoy this place -- come at an off-time during the winter tourist season, if you hope to be seated without waiting around outside.  Great food, good ambiance, and a waitstaff that thoroughly enjoys people and working here .... 3 good reasons to try The Good Egg if you haven't yet.
4	I LOVE the Good Egg! My family and I come here about 3 days when we are on vacation. It is nothing special, but the scrambled egg whites and wheat toast are delish. I don't know what type of wheat toast they use, but it is awesome! I saw a kid eating a funfetti pancake. It looked awesome, and I definitely want to get that when we visit Phx again!
4	I've now been to this place a total of 4 times since moving to the phoenix area.  I have even visited the other location in Mesa.  I seem to have a preference for this Scottsdale location.  It's more laid back and it still holds a special place in my heart as my first brunch spot in AZ.  On one visit, I had the florentine eggs benedict.  That was a bit runnier than I like, but it was still tasty.   On my last visit, I had the Four Peaks Fruity French Toast.  It was out of this world! I'll definitely get that again!  Like every single thing I've had here is good!  I love this place!
5	I love the Good Egg.  Every time we come here, no matter what day of the week, they always take care of you.  My boyfriend and I visited most recently last Friday before Christmas and we were in and out in an hour.  They have prompt waiter service and are on the same level of service as First Watch.  Pick this place over The Breakfast Joynt any day!  They're famous for their cinnamon rolls which are the size of a plate (literally) but I haven't had a bad dish from this place.
4	Love me some Good Egg. Abundant menu selections and very reasonable prices, excellent staff and service and the ability to get in and get out quickly. I love their oatmeal because it comes with plenty of "sides" that you can add in or munch on separately. I have been here more than 5 times and will be back in the future!
4	My best friend and I were visiting from Chicago for my birthday and we came here on Sunday morning for my birthday breakfast! I ordered the Eggs Benedict which was great with a side of potatoes and an M&M pancake. The M&M pancake was huge and really satisfied my sweet tooth (they had a lot of sweet options besides M&Ms!). I also tried to the lemonade made with cane sugar that was out of this world (wish I could find some at home!). I'll be back next year for our annual trip to PHX! The service was great and everyone was very nice but man was this place busy.
1	Whenever I visit a breakfast place, I begin by ordering an entree which is pretty basic to the menu.  I visited this Good Egg location twice.  Both times I ordered the same thing....poached eggs, bacon, toast, potatoes.  Both times I was really disappointed.  First of all the eggs were NOT poached.  They were nearly hard-boiled.  No runny, beautiful yolk with which to dip my toast! Someone wasn't watching the pot!  Bacon was good, but a bit on the salty side.  Toast was a little on the cold side and already "buttered" with something. The potatoes looked like the diced, frozen type which were just warmed up. The second time, I did say something to the waitress (as well as the cashier) who although I was nearly finished with my meal, offered to have the eggs cooked again.  She was nice, so I would actually add a star for the nice service.  Last, the price....a basic breakfast with coffee was over $11!?!?!  Come on!!!  I'll never return to his restaurant for breakfast, especially when I can go to the Orange Table which is also dog-friendly, people friendly and uses top of the line, locally grown ingredients.  A basic two-egg breakfast is $8 and they know how to poach an egg!  The OT also provides homemade breads and other great breakfast items!  http://www.orangetable.net/breakfastmenuBreakfast should give you pleasure and energy for the day.  Not a belly-ache.
2	Excruciatingly slow service, even for a Sunday morning. Good thing they didn't give me flack for bringing in my own coffee because it would have been 20 minutes before I got a cup from them. The food was OK (I could be meaner about the slightly undercooked eggs) but I was more than a little miffed by conspicuous absence of steak and eggs. Isn't steak and eggs on the Mt. Rushmore of American breakfast? Then there was the Tomato Juice Debacle. My uncle asked for a glass of tomato juice. Waitress says, "Is V8 OK?" Uncle says sure. Waitress disappears for what seems like a day and a half before returning to say, "Um, sorry, we're out." She disappears again, only to return with, "I found some! But it's warm." Uncle says no sweat, just put it in some ice. Waitress disappears again and returns with a glass of warm V8 sans ice. True story.
4	The cinnamon roll was perfect for my sweet tooth, warm and flakey.
2	The Good Egg should really change its name to the "Mediocre Egg."  The menu looks so good and promising, but then your plate arrives and it is just "meh."  I don't know why I keep going back here (wait, yes I do, it is really close to my house...duh!) when I am disappointed every single time.The restaurant has been there forever, and it shows in the tired decor.  I think the egg pictures are quite funny, but the rest of the restaurant is straight out of 1988 and could use some refreshing.  Today I ordered one of the X-ceptional Skillets.  The skillet had potatoes, onions, bell peppers and ham (I said no to the fungus) and was supposed to have melted cheese over the top and my choice of eggs.  The skillet came out, and it just looked sad!!  The chunks of green pepper and onion were clearly just thrown in the pan with cooked potatoes, as they were barely warm and not cooked at all.  Raw onions with breakfast?  Not the way I want to start the day!  My biggest complaint, is the lack of cheese.  Normally, when you order a skillet meal, it is blanketed in cheese (which is the best part in my opinion)....I had to go on a search and rescue mission just to find the cheese in this dish!  I think they had used a whole tablespoon of cheese that they plopped in the very middle and covered up with the scrambled eggs.  Seriously?  What a joke, I think a lactose intolerant person could have eaten this dish and had no reaction!  So I sat there and at raw onions with no cheese and eggs with a weird texture that were five degrees away from being cold, not the breakfast of champions I had imagined.  The best part of the meal was the sourdough toast, it was thick and chewy and perfectly toasted, and they actually put the butter on it for me!  No trying to spread cold butter on hot toast!In past experiences I have ordered the Sun Devil Scramble and it always seems to be really watery....how does that happen?In a nutshell (or should I say eggshell)....The Good Egg isn't all that it is cracked up to be!(I apologize for so many egg references....I just couldn't help myself!)
4	Loved the freshness of the green peppers in the daily special Country Benedict.  This was my first visit to a Good Egg, as I was visiting Phoenix.  The service was a tad slow, but the good food turned me into a Good Egg customer.  I went to the 50 E. Camelback location twice on the following days.
2	Went with boyfriend before golfing and was really disappointed in this place. Took 12-15 minutes to get seated and there were 4 empty 2 top tables. Server was friendly but slow and messed up both orders. I ordered a green chili omelette with no pico de gallo on top (not a cilantro fan) and a side of tomatoes. Of course my plate w covered in pico & no tomatoes. Boyfriend ordered 3 cheese omelette with turkey breast added and he got side of turkey sausage w/egg scramble. She just seemed to be halfway listening. I scraped of pico but food was just ok. Eggs not fluffy and light like US Egg. My rye toast was good & Ryan's fruit and cottage cheese were fresh. His English muffin was tiny and seemed stale and the hash browns were soggy not crispy and hot. Go to US Egg or Butterfield's instead.
4	I've been here about 4-5 times, and I've gotten a different item on the menu every visit, and each time the food was delicious.My last visit I had a Caprese Omelette and my taste bud exploded with delight.  Our friends living in Scottsdale would bring us here for breakfast when we visit them, so breakfast is something I look forward to every time.The service is pleasant, the environment is family friendly, and the food is delicious.
4	Florentine bennidict was amazing!
4	We went to The Good Egg for breakfast on Mother's Day because other restaurants seemed to have a longer wait. (I know.  That was an inauspicious beginning.)  Actually, I had heard Good things about The Egg and so I was interested in how I would like it.  The wait was reasonable for a Sunday morning - about 10 minutes - and the hostesses were pleasant.  I was surprised and happy to see that all menu items came with calories listed.  Since I was going out again to eat later, I decided to try an egg white omelet with turkey, mushrooms, onions, and spinach.  It came with fruit and a bialy.  It was delicious!  Naturally, I would have rather had French Toast or something else that had 1800 calories, but I was happy and satisfied with my healthy meal.  My husband ordered the special which was a skillet with ham, cheese, mushrooms, and onions.  He got fruit instead of potatoes and declared it to be delicious.  The service was quick and efficient and the environment was pleasant.  The price is reasonable.  We'll be back.
4	This was the breakfast place of choice while vacationing in Scottsdale. We were greeted and seated immediately. We opted to sit out on the patio since it was a nice warm morning. The patio is really nice it consists of maybe 5-6 tables. I was totally prepared to spend a lot of money for breakfast. Surprisingly, it was really reasonable. The meals we got included two eggs, 4 bacon or 3 sausage & English muffin. It was $8-$9. Everything was cooked to perfection. They have the most moist deelish cinnabon ever. My kids enjoyed.The staff was amazingly friendly and fast. It's definitely a place I'd love to visit again.
5	The macho nacho Benedict was amazing. Wish they had that in Chicago. Will come again when I'm visiting Scottsdale. Waitress was friendly and great service.
4	I came here while visiting the Phoenix area. The Good Egg was a suggested place to meet for breakfast by local friends. The server was friendly and efficient. Five of us were able to be seated quickly and the breakfast menu was extensive. I ordered the Macho Nacho Benedict and it was delicious! Very nice ingredients like black beans, barbacoa beef,  salsa and green chilies accompany your potatoes and poached eggs.  I recommend the habanero/chipotle hot sauce offered at every table if you like additional heat and smoky flavor. The table also ordered pancakes, an omelet and French toast which all got good reviews. I would come back if I'm in Scottsdale again.
5	My boyfriend and I come here at once or more a week and it always amazing. La Casa Potencia aka the power house skillet is the best. The staff is friendly and remember us every time. Miranda is one of our favorite servers, even when she's not serving us she always takes the time to say hello.
4	great breakfast
4	Came here for the first time today and I'll definitely be back! Service is amazing... my waitress was so sweet and made sure everything was perfect. The food is great - make sure you order the cinnamon french toast or one of their benedicts. They serve coffee and water in large jugs so you don't have to ask for refills, which I thought was wonderful and convenient. They also have the calories listed on all their menu items, so don't come here if you're trying to stick to a diet. Mine went out the window today!
5	This place is great. Never a bad experience here. Consistent good food and consistent good service. A great go-to breakfast spot.
3	1. Employees. Mostly nice and attentive. Asked how everything was. Courteous and had pleasant small talk. Probably 4 stars. 2. Food. Only one reason for greasy food. Low heat. Only one reason for low heat, Lazy cook. After I blotted by eggs & bacon they we almost acceptable. Only reason for dry taters. Lazy cook. Prepared about 2 hours before my arrival I'd say. I would rate 2 stars. Combined 3 stars.
5	Service is quick and employees are friendly. Pancakes are awesome! Great breakfast spot I will definitely come back soon.
5	Try the new Waldorf Salad!  Perfect combination of flavors and textures...yum!  So good during these hot months. Satisfying and at a good price, too.  Don't forget to leave room for one of the sweet treats. Today, I had the carmel, peanut butter crepe with a bit of granola and whipped cream. Wish I'd taken a picture of it. Can't wait for the next visit.
4	I've been coming to this breakfast spot for years, and the food is always consistently good. I was there this morning, and it has recently had a nice upgrade. The interior furniture and decor is upgraded, which makes it a nicer atmosphere. The menus are updated, and the food is still good. It's a nice little local breakfast spot.
5	My son and I went to the Good Egg for a late breakfast earlier today. I had bacon and eggs with a side of wheat pancakes. My son had "The Wildcat" omelette and he told me it had just the right amount of "kick" to it. Both of us really enjoyed our breakfast. When we walked in we were greeted immediately and our server was very attentive. This location recently underwent a face lift and it looks great. The coffee here is excellent! They serve breakfast till 2:30PM so if you rolled out of bed late and want a place to have an awesome breakfast in Scottsdale, check out " The Good Egg".
4	This place is great!  The menu is not your standard bacon & eggs (although they have that too) - they get creative!  I had the pesto benedict - I'd never think to put those ingredients together, but it was yum!  The service was very good, and the coffee and water are in jugs on the table so you don't have to ask for refills.  We came on a sunday morning and it was hardly busy at all.  Our party of 8 only had to wait for them to put the tables together and then we were seated.They have Mightly Leaf tea - one of the more expensive teas out there - so I'm impressed!  And they offer free coffee or tea to go (assuming you had ordered coffee/tea with your meal) which comes in a HUGE to go cup.I don't live in the area but I wish I did just so I could go back to The Good Egg!
3	This place isn't perfect, but the things it does right are pretty spot-on in making it a good breakfast place.  The omelettes are bad, the smoothies are pretty dandy, and the breakfast meats are cooked right despite being a bit too rich (as if they were cooked in butter along with the grease from the meat).  However, the burrito with the chorizo (and I swear there were chicharrones in it too) was the ultimate item.  If you only visit this place once, get the breakfast burrito, it will make you want to come back for more, and when you do, get the eggs florentine, you won't regret it.  Oh, and for those who love spicy sauce, they serve and excellent chipotle habanero sauce on the table that you can top your foods off with.  Great thing they also have the misters outside to cool you off on their outside patio.  In other words, eat breakfast here.
5	Me and my crew were in town for a meeting and on a suggestion we stopped in for a late breakfast. All I can say is DAMN!!! Try the pancakes brah...
5	To make this easy, the best breakfast I've had in a long time! Service was excellent and polite. We ate there 3 consecutive mornings. My only regret is that you have not franchised this place in Chicago! We'll be waiting. Until that day comes we will have to wait till our next trip to Scottsdale.
1	When we arrived, we chose to sit outside. Immediately we were approached, asked what we'd like to drink and also asked if we were ready to order. We had literally JUST sat down. Never even opened the menus. No big deal... Maybe they were busy or just ahead of themselves however next thing we know, we order and wait FOREVER for our food. It's eggs guys not a roast! We finished the half pot of coffee we were left and waited til we got our food to get more coffee. Then we decided to pay 2.00 dollars more for these speciality pumpkin pancakes and they ended up being raw in the middle and mushy. We were gonna tell our waitress but we saw here right after we were served our food and hadn't even had a bite of the pancakes yet to tell this to her and she i guess was under the impression we were set and was just given the bill. Then, it gets worse. We got to check out and the girl asks, how was everything today and my husband simply said great however the pumpkin pancakes were a little disappointing. Thinking shed ask why... She didn't and just carried on like nothing. Over an hour and a half for breakfast at 11 am on a sat for 35 dollars?? Save your money for dinner people.
4	I like this Good Egg very much. They recently remodeled and it looks great! Pleasant staff, good food, the loyalty card is a nice plus. I come here with my son maybe once a month or so and I don't  think we've ever been disappointed.
5	Amazing Pumpkin pancakes, great service, freshly squeezed juices, perfect omelette. Just doesn't get any better. Really.
5	On vacation in Scottsdale first time, looking for a good breakfast place. Reviews were not perfect but my husband and I gave it a try. I was very pleasantly surprised. The owner was there greeted us very nicely. We were sitted right away. Waitress was nice. Food was really good. We had the breakfast special egg white with spinach,salsa taco fresh tortillas were really good. We will definitely be visiting again before we leave.
5	We have to hit up The Good Egg each time we visit Scottsdale.  The banana pancakes are delicious and the green chile skillet is a must order 'off-menu' item.
5	The recent remodel was very well done, adding more seating and upgrading the interior. If you have to wait, they put out free coffee and water for you, and it never seems to take long to get a seat.The staff is always super friendly and efficient, and the food is always very solid and a great value.I am a local, and this is a regular stop for me (1-2x per week). Locals, snowbirds, and visitors alike will find something they like for breakfast or lunch here.If you are looking for HEALTHY CHOICES, Good Egg's menu clearly gives you nutritional info, and has a host of good options for low-calorie, high-protein, gluten-free, etc.
1	Unbelievable that a "egg" restarunt does not know how to poach an egg. 3x for eggs benedict and still wrong. 2xs eggs not cooked 3x killed them. I gave up.
4	Excellent place to go for breakfast!  The omelets are very good.I would recommend the Mediterranean omelet.... organic field greens, slices of mozzarella, red bell pepper, cucumber, artichoke hearts, red onion, kalamata olives, roasted tomatoes, fresh basil, and tossed w/balsamic vinaigrette.The last time I ate here, it snowed... huge, fluffy flakes.  It was pretty crazy!
4	Great service, great variety of selection (whatever way you think of to make an egg dish, they have it!), and I love the paintings on the wall. I ordered biscuits and gravy. Unfortunately, the biscuits were not warm at all (hence the 4-star). But the waitress apologized and brought me a brand new plate (which I told her it's totally unnecessary. It is definitely a great place for breakfast/brunch. Will come again if I am in town!
4	Fresh squeezed orange juice, friendly staff, good food, airy, bright atmosphere. Was a little on the expensive side for breakfast, but nothing unreasonable. Would recommend if nearby.
4	Great fresh food in a friendly environment with attentive staff. Tons of healthy and decadent options.  The hot cocoa is lovely - not from a mix.  I ordered the Veggie Skillet with the eggs sunny side up and rye toast - the veggies in the skillet were perfectly prepared - fresh and flavorful (not dry or greasy at all), and the eggs were cooked just right. My husband chose oatmeal with fruits and nuts, which he enjoyed, and a biscuit with honey and butter, which he enjoyed even more.I have not been a fan of Good Egg in the past, but this place changed my mind.
4	We were in Scottsdale for 5 days visiting our son and daughter in law. We love breakfast out, and because our hotel didn't have a refrigerator or microwave, there weren't a lot of other choices, so we went out every morning we were there. We had been to Breakfast Club (it was okay), Orange Table (genuinely disappointing - see separate review), Morning Squeeze (35 minutes for eggs, toast, hash browns - all of which came out luke warm) & Cracker Barrel (decent food & service). Saw the reviews on Good Egg and decided to give it a try. So sad we didn't find you sooner Good Egg!  Solid service and great food on the table in around 10 minutes (all the other breakfast place in Scottsdale we tried had us waiting 25, 30 minutes for breakfast that never came out that hot). Atmosphere is very standard breakfast/lunch type place - clean and appeared to be we'll run.
5	First, let me say...Carrot cake Pancakes?  GENIUS.  I went here with my grown kids and they can post their own reviews...I will post mine!  Eggs Benedict.  I have to say this was probably the best I have had.  The Hollandaise was more lemony that others I have had, and I liked that.  A lot! The eggs were perfectly poached...it wasn't too much food...and that was  a refreshing change.  Their coffee is nice and bold...All in all, a really yummy breakfast!
4	My husband and I came here 4 out of the 5 days that we were in Scottsdale. We absolutely loved it!! My eggs and English muffin were perfect every time. I must say, the surprise to my mouth however was the French toast. You WON'T find any better anywhere else. They bake the bread from scratch and infuse it with cinnamon. Hands down the best I've ever had. I expect to see it on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the coffee is weak. Other than that, this place is great. And the staff is super friendly-
5	I had lunch here today and ordered the Apple Crunch Blintz. WOW.It took a long time to decide what to order because their menu has a lot of unique and interesting offerings. I finally decided on the blintz because it was comparatively low in calories (570 ... and, by the way, they list their calories on the menu. I love that.) for a lot of food. What a flavorful dish! Parking was convenient, the staff was friendly, the prices were reasonable and the food was terrific. Yep, five stars. :-D
3	I went to the Good Egg because we wanted to try so something new for breakfast. The building in this area wasn't very appealing but we went anyway. I ordered an omelette, hash browns wheat toast and coffee. The omelette was flat which I thought was odd since the restaurant is named from an egg. Every omelette I make at home is usually fluffy. The hash browns were good. The pancake my daughter ordered was really big like almost 12 inches. So one is plenty for a smaller stomach. The service was  good and although I would come back in a pinch, I still think Butterfield's Pancake house is much better.
4	One of our favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.  The food is very good but the service is outstanding (especially the lady who often serves as the hostess - high energy, always smiling)
4	Was staying at the resort across the street so I ate here this morning. Was a bit annoyed from the get-go as I stood at the front waiting to be seated for nearly 5 min. Some woman several minutes after I arrived also stood at the adjacent cash register and when somebody finally did arrive they helped her before me which again was a bit annoying. After that the guy asked if I was being seated and I said no that I was waiting and he pointed to the table right next to me and said "just sit there." I said okay to proceed and sat for 7 min. before the server came up and approached me. Service was smooth sailing after that it was just bumpy in the beginning.Had eggs Benedict and it was very good. The holiday sauce was rich and creamy and there's a nice chunk a ham in there to. I thought the coffee was really good to.
3	I went here for breakfast daily when I was on vacation because of the reasonable prices so that I was able to do some damage at the steakhouses at night!Don't forget to get your patronage card stamped because after a certain amount I think you get a free one.The service was good and the food was Ok but its really hard to mess up breakfast.
4	Decent breakfast and service. Cute little restaurant. The fresh squeezed orange juice was amazing!
1	Terrible Service. Just left after waiting 20 min to get utensils and water. Was never given a menu. Another couple was seated with menus and the server commented that we were seated first but someone else would take our order. She then turned to the couple who had just been seated and took their order.  We got up and left.  Other tables had dirty dishes on it.  The restaurant wasn't even busy and I find this unacceptable for lunch hour.
4	This place is fantastic. My wife and I came here during our 3 day stay. The must get for breakfast is the Cinnamon Roll.  The staff are friendly, the food comes out fast and it's good! This is must place for breakfast while you're here.
4	A classic breakfast joint that always serves up a tasty breakfast! I've been coming to The Good Egg for so many years, I can't remember the first time I visited. However, over the years, I've always known that Good Egg was there waiting for my visit. Consistency is perfected with The Good Egg and no matter the location, I always know I'm going to get quick service and classic breakfast food. Some say that breakfast tastes the same no matter where you go and I agree to a certain degree. When you perfect a classic, why switch it up? There are some who have created a unique twist on the classics, but The Good Egg is more about the classics (in a good way). They serve up pancakes, french toast, skillets, healthy start meals, omelets and a variety of Eggs Benedict. They also have a lunch menu but I typically stick to breakfast. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu and if you are looking for a classic breakfast at a reasonable price, this is your spot. Be warned that they do get crowded on the weekends,
5	The Good Egg is the best egg...place! Two kinds of eggs benedict to choose from. pancakes of all kinds. A crepe thingy with blueberries to die for. But the food is not why I am writing this review. My wife and daughter usually have specific orders and want substitutes. Ask for things not even on the menu. I suppose they are a waitresses worst nightmare, lol. In fact, one visit to US Egg a few years back resulted in the worst experience with a waitress we ever had, they were rude and said, "absolutely no substitutes" and other events that day that meant my wife and daughter now boycott the US Egg..anyway..back to my review of The Good Egg. The entire staff is super friendly. They act like they enjoy working there. I think they actually do! So it is a very nice, friendly place to be on a weekend morning. And even when they are packed, they have the whole system figured out. Ok...now for the extra impressive part. Not only did they change the pumpkin pancake with pecans to be a pumpkin pancake without pecans...they made cinnamon butter for us and they do not even have cinnamon butter! But wait there is more! They made a grilled cheese sandwich for my wife and it's not even on the menu! It's just everything you want in a breakfast place. And it's makes my wife super happy.Love us some Good Egg!
5	Food was awesome.....country omelet for me and eggs Benedict fir her....both were excellent....hot coffee...fresh fruit....biscuit and honey.....mmmmm...and our server Michael was awesome....old school gentleman in a young mans body....kinda rare these days
