4	After almost 600 reviews, this is actually the first time I find myself wanting a half a star.  The problem is that I really feel like 4 stars is too few, but five stars is too many.  4.5 would be perfect here.  Not perfect for a rating, because 5 would be perfect of course, but it would be the perfect rating for this dinner.  So it will have to get a 4 star.  They just didn't quite make it to 5 stars.  Sorry, guys.With another restaurant week on us, we decided to browse the menus a bit and see if we can come up with something different.  Always like to try and come up with somewhere new to go.  That's when I noticed The Speedway Club.  I knew they were there, of course, but never thought about going.  In fact, I thought you had to be a member to get in (as it turns out, you do, but not during restaurant week).  As a bonus, their menu was one of the best on the list.  So we made reservations.For an appetizer, we chose the onion rings and warm pimento cheese dip (with crackers).  These were also served with a nice selection of breads.  For perhaps the first time in my adult life, I didn't get a refill on bread.  I don't even know if they offered a refill on bread.  The appetizers were both solid offerings.  Not excellent, but quite good.I decided on the filet mignon for dinner.  I'm usually a fan of ribeye, but the filet sounded really good.  Denise went with the salmon.   Both were good.  I found that the risotto that came with the salmon was better than the salmon itself.  It was that good.  On the steak, I was floored.  It was un-freaking-believable.This just might be the best steak in the QC.  A small portion (6 oz), served with roasted garlic and a parmesan-crusted potato cake, it was the best piece of steak I've head in a really long time.  Maybe ever.  I just about ordered my dessert to go so I didn't ruin the taste.  I just wish that I could get into the place on a regular basis to taste that filet.The desserts were good, but nothing compared to that steak.Why the 4.5?  The first thing is the noise (and not from the track).  It is a really cool view, looking over the track, and being able to see what's going on is nice.  But for a nicer environment, the place can get a little loud.  So much so that it's tough to hear what the person on the other side is saying.  The desserts are good, and the appetizers are good, but not great.  The service was attentive all night, and I would like to give them more than a 4, but not quite a 5.Sweet Tea Report: Yes, I ordered a sweet tea.  The server even told me he made it, and it was sweet.  Unfortunately, it wasn't.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't very sweet.  So I'd probably suggest passing unless you like just average tea.  I didn't figure this into the rating, as the tea is drinkable, but it's just not that sweet.
2	This really is 1.5 stars.  1 is just mean and 2 is too much.Wow.  There are 2 approaches you can take with Restaurant Week.1 - Build your Business - really put a great menu together, execute it, and win people over to come back. 2 - Feed the Masses - go cheap on menu, hire lousy temporary help for the week, put some money in the bank.Speedway Club chose #2.The Good:- Beautiful setting, incredible view.  It's a very unique experience to be sitting there over the track having dinner.  Very Cool - The Bread Pudding was great.  A little dry but great flavor - Mashed potatoes were very creamy and well balanced - The red onion strings had great flavor and the matching sauce paired wellThe Bad: - Our server was clueless.  Knew nothing about the food, bar offerings, could not answer one single question that arose at the table.  Really nice kid but acted like he got off the wrong floor on the elevator and was put to work. - Speed of service.  Very slow drinks.  Very slow first course, good timing on second course, very slow third course, checks took 45 minutes to arrive after dinner was completed - Wedge salad was a sliver of iceberg laid side ways on a plate and then pulled apart.  Hard to describe.  Wish I had taken a picture. - Culotte for a steak.  Incredibly poor choice.  Their choice for offering and mine for ordering.  When you offer a blood-rich, cross-grained steak without jaccarding (punching holes in the steak in order to tenderize), it is a terrible piece of meat.  This meat is usually used for medallions or tender tips, not as an entree on a plate.  Again, poor choice on my part for ordering but it was the only choice for steak and that's what I was in the mood for. The Club really does feel like an old country club which can be really cool, but the experience felt like a really old country club about to stick a fork in it's business.Will not eat there again, but will definitely go back for the view, sit at the bar, and hopefully get a drink.
3	My husband and I are asked occasionally to act like adults, get fancied up and dine with executives at the Speedway Club. When we do it is always fun, the bill is high, the drinks are paid for and the service is on point. The first time we went, it was "Mystery Dinner Theater" night....not recommended. However, the next few times, it was surf and turf night. All you can eat rib eye and lobster, Yum Yum. On our most recent visit, we enjoyed wine and started with a Caesar salad. Salads are always tricky...too much dressing...too little...this salad was just right. Then we both ordered the delicious NY strip, which was cooked to perfection and accompanied by some sliced potatoes which complimented the meal very nicely. This is a great place if you have a Nascar fan visiting from out of town, and you'd like to impress them with a great view of the speedway and great food.They also cater, banquets, weddings, meetings among other special events. They keep their website up to date and most recently added wine tastings and trivia.
1	Went to the Speedway Club for 2 reasons.  One: was given a gift card    Two: to celebrate our anniversary.I had heard nothing but great things about this restaurant.The atmosphere was great.  Love NASCAR and overlooking the Speedway was nice.  We had a wonderful table overlooking the Charlotte Motor Speedway.  The meal I can't say the same.My husband told the waitress he was going to order a drink with his meal.  The waitress never came back to the table to take this order.Out of the three courses, I had to send 2 of them back.  I do have to say that the manager did make the meal right and was very apologetic for my meal not being cooked.  The manager went out of his way to correct the meal.  We may go to the bar and have drinks and an appetizer but not so sure about actually eating a meal at this restaurant.
4	Well as a disclaimer, I'm not a huge fan of NASCAR by any means. Yeah I live in Charlotte but still very much a misplaced northerner in these regards. It's fun to go to a race, sure, but I can't really get into watching a car drive around in circles for 600 laps, especially without alcohol or watching it on TV! Yikes!So with the Speedway Club, it's nothing personal, I just already wasn't a fan of a restaurant built inside a speedway. I probably would have never known it was even there until I was recently asked for my opinion on where the office Christmas party was to be held, and given a few choices between here and uptown, I said, jokingly of course, "Oh the most expensive. Absolutely." As such, we wound up here.Let me touch on that first. This is definitely not a place for the tight walleted. Just look at the online menu. Now again, as I didn't pay for anything myself, let's just say my rating is a little skewed. You are by far paying for the experience/ atmosphere. Simply put, if you're a fan of NASCAR and go in expecting to shell out that kind of money, I'm sure you will enjoy yourself. The food quality was very good.Secondary to food, I had a lot of drinks while we were there. Too many drinks. Great selections of beer, wine, and liquor. Hell, they even had moonshine for all you classy rednecks. Surprisingly, most beers were modestly priced at $4.50, and most glasses of wine were $6.Service was very good. No complaints whatsoever. The overall atmosphere was the ultimate pro. Very well decorated interior. Windows everywhere to look down at the track. Especially during December, you have all the Christmas lights done up for people to drive through. While we were here, there was even an outdoor movie, the Christmas Story, shown on an outdoor television. Definitely a good time. ...from what I remember.
