3	What a wonderful place for a late night feast! I am so glad this happy place is close to my home. This newly opened IHOP is also a skip away from the liquor store and Goodwill (what an awesome combo).We had the red velvet and banana foster pancakes. These calorie packed carbs will satisfy any craving thrown your way. Our hostess could have used a pick-me-up. She seemed really upset.
3	My daughter just HAD to have the create a face pancake (strawberry eyes, whipped cream nose and banana mouth), so off we go.  It's a holiday so there was a 15 minute wait and half of Ballantyne must have been waiting.  IHOP managed the wait well though and it wasn't long before we were sat down.Our waitress came right over and took our drink orders and was nice to my daughter and asked her to smile like the face on the pancake which she did.  Coffee was OK, and they leave the carafe at the table so you can fill up your own cup.  My omlette was good as were the hashbrowns.  My daughter loved the pancake and was excited that she could try all of the different syrups on the table (Maple, butter pecan, blueberry, strawberry).  Her meal came with a yogurt squeezer which was a nice touch.The staff was friendly everyone from the Manager to all of the waitresses.  They did a couple of "birthday songs" which was fun for my daughter.  I'm on the fence on what I think about IHOP as a whole, I mean the food is "good" and I'm not sure on where I stand on whether the price and the hype is worth the quality of the food.  We spent $21.00 for 2 breakfasts before tip so make you're own call.
4	This is one of my favorite breakfast places! The staff is always so nice and the food is great especially the stuffed French toast!
4	This is my second Sunday in a row visiting IHOP so they must be doing something right! I went with a group of friends for brunch, there a short wait when we arrived but for a Sunday (with the after church crowd) we definitely were not complaining. The place looked nice! It was super clean so I was instantly a fan! Our waitress was very kind, especially with all of our changes, special requests, exceptions and substitutions...YES my friends and I are "those people"... But she handled it like a pro and our orders were correct and hot when they arrived. I ordered the Brioche Berry French Toast as a combo which comes with eggs, choice of meat and hash browns.When you check out my pics you need to know that I'm not a fan of wet bread. So I asked for my berries on the side. Normally it comes out smother on top, that's just my personal preference. I ordered up everything else well done (I prefer crispy hash browns and bacon). Mmmm Mmmm. All in all, the food and service was good. We left happy and full, I'm sure we'll be back.
5	For an IHOP, absolutely as good as it gets. Hot, fresh and delicious food. I love the French toast with fresh berries. We walked here during the snow storm and it was open! The staff is super friendly and I always have great service.
2	I haven't been to an IHOP in a long time since, generally, I think their food is meh and breakfast is so easy to do at home. We stopped here (by-passing Big View Diner-which turned out to be a mistake!) and waited the 20 minutes, short for a Sunday after church on Easter. We were seated at a table that hadn't been wiped, no biggie, they were in a rush. Then I had a dirty coffee cup. Nothing was going to stop me from having a nice brunch, asked for a clean one and got it. A different server brought us our omelets and as she reached across the table, spilled an entire large glass of OJ on my husband and daughter. Cleanup ensued, with the manager apologizing and offering us extra napkins. We ate our luke-warm omelets and asked for our sides of hashbrowns which had been forgotten in the drama. After getting our full bill and being asked how our breakfast was, we recounted the trouble to be told we had "an exciting breakfast." Hmmm, for the typical IHOP bland offerings, I will not go here again. I don't need the "excitement" and they clearly don't care enough to make sure I come back.
4	Nice Service, fast and great for when your on the road! One of the better Ihops in NC!
4	This is one of the cleaner IHOPs that I have seen.  The food is the standard fare so it's decent.  The wait staff was courteous and friendly.  The service was a bit slow but we weren't in a hurry anyway. All in all it was better than the typical IHOP.
