5	Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Excellent wine list.  Went with another couple, and we all shared each other's dishes.  The veal was done to perfection, as was the shrimp and chicken dishes.  The atmosphere is not elegant, nor is its location in a strip mall, but the food more than makes up for it.
5	One of the best restaurants in the valley.  It's locale, in a strip mall, is not elegant, but the food and service more than make up for its location.  It is not a cheap restaurant, but it is by far the best Italian food I've had in Phoenix.  Rivals some of the better Italian restaurants back in NYC.
5	Had lunch here today, some of the best Italian I've had in a long time. Locals tell me that this is some of the best Italian you will find in the area. It makes a big difference when it's this good!BEAUTIFUL!
4	Oh Tutti Santi.  How I love this place!  Whenever I am in town, my mom and I come here for dinner.  That's mostly because it is so close to her house that we feel we can freely consume copious amounts of chianti.  I'm always surprised by how busy this place is given it's location.  Even if you have to wait for a table, head in to the bar where you can expect a generous pour!  The food is pretty decent, though not inexpensive.  I would best describe it as Italian comfort food.  For some reason, I LOVE the fettucine alfredo, though I'll admit it isn't spectacular. Plan to top your meal off with a complimentary shot of sambuca.  Make sure to leave an espresso bean behind for luck!
2	Although the food and menu were impressive I am definitely turned off by this place. WHY why would the owners use that location! It's in a old grungy strip-mall right next to Fry's which more than often omits a nasty sewer stink! The atmosphere of this place is what needs the most work. I mean I don't want to order expensive food while sitting window side with a beautiful view of McDonald's! Please relocate Tutti Santi atmosphere IS important!
5	What in the World is such an upscale, nice, delightful, charming restaurant doing in a strip mall?I probably should drop a star because of that location, but I didn't.I had the vegetable soup & veal marsala.  Companion had pasta.  We cleaned our plates.  A galls of wine with the meal and dessert to top it off (I had ice cream & companion had creme brule).And we got out the door for under a hundred bucks (including a 20% tip)!Highly recommended!
5	Unbelievable food and service.  I walked in the door and could not believe the interior of this restaurant considering the location and the exterior in the strip mall.   The ravioli appetizer just melted in your mouth. excellent wine list, although we were cocktailing it that night and they also made some out of this world martini's!  The atmosphere is just very comfortable and everyone was having a great time.  I will definately be back.
4	Amazing food, just love this place. Family owned and operated!
4	Always a decent option with friends when I can't cook for them at home.  New locations sprouting all over the valley like tumbleweeds.
2	This place is overpriced and isn't real Italian. I was shocked by all the 4 and 5 star reviews of Sutti Santi. Don't waste your time here.
5	Our new favorite Italian place!We moved to Arizona 3 years ago and have been trying to find good restaurants for the different types of food we like. We've narrowed down our favorite Indian and breakfast place and now we've found our favorite Italian place!We began the meal with an order of calamari fritte. It was very tender and not extra chewy like other places we've had it at. I wish it had a little bit more flavor but nonethless it was still good! I ordered the gnocci although I later wished I had gone with the lamb special. This being our first time there I figured I'd go with a favorite dish instead. So yummy! It came covered with tomato vodka sauce. Hubby ordered his constant, chicken parmesan. I'm not usually a big fan but it was also delish! We had our toddler daughter with and brought her a coloring book to help keep her entertained which we appreciated.  We ended up forgetting her sippy cup at the restaurant and I later received a call letting me know they would hold it for us. Most places probably I would have considered the loss a lost cause ;)My only negative was the 15-20 minute wait even though we made reservations. That and it was loud and hard to have a conversation, but then again with a toddler how much conversation can you expect? It is a bit pricey, but we'll definitely be heading back, just maybe not as often as I'd like! (an appetizer, two meals, two beers, lemonade, and glass of wine + tip =$95)
4	La cena era deliziosa!  The meal was delicious!I love Italian food, and when I am lucky enough to visit somewhere that does it really well, I am in my own version of Heaven.  The experience started off with the shrimp scampi appetizer - large shrimp served in a light lemon white wine butter sauce with just the right amount of garlic.  Next came the best ravioli I have ever tasted.  Delicate thin pasta surrounded ricotta cheese and spinach, and was topped with a cream and tomato sauce.  Simple, classic and oh so very good!  My friend had the linguine with clams in white wine garlic sauce which was also fantastic.  Did we save room for dessert?  Heck yes!  The tiramisu was the perfect finish.Hands down the best Italian I have had since moving to AZ.  Try it, you'll like it too!!
5	AMAZING! We were sat immediately (since we did have a reservation). Our server forgot about us to the point that we had no water or drinks placed, OR menu's after sitting for about 10 mins. We had to ask another server to take care of us. After this minor issue... we were off...The recommendations made were right on point! Home made Ravioli was to die for!! that was 1 app & the calamri was so good... House salads were served right before our entrees. No complaints either. All green! I cant stand iceberg lettuce or white lettuce in my salads. For entrees I ordered the Linguine with Clams in a white sauce which was delicious! My partner was absolutely satisfied with his meal although I cant remember for the life of me what he ordered! lolThey gave complimentary peppermint sambuca type drinks after dinner... a nice touch for clam & calamari breath. It is inside a strip mall which does not add sex appeal, but than again we were there to eat!  I literally cannot wait to go back. Ok my mouth just watered thinking about the Ravioli! May be visiting tonight!
5	My wife and I have a timeshare nearby and when we were doing a morning walk we saw this place and we asked our concierge she raved. We went and fell in love with the place. The service, the food, the friendship. We go back every time we are in town and the staff remembers you. Also my wife loves gnocchi and says that these are as good as her grandmother's.                                   Dave A
5	WOW!  Our friend, who we took to another Italian food restaurant the night before and was horrible, showed us up!  My wife and her friend got the "Homemade Ravioli alla Nina" ... WOW!  (nothing more needs to be said)Veal Parmigiana with Spaghetti al Pomodoro (...I'm starting to drool thinking about it again!)  The Veal was sooooo tender almost didn't need a knife.  Their sauce was also EXCELLENT!  Spaghetti was cooked PERFECTLY! After our bad experience, this is our new Italian restaurant!
3	This place was highly recommended by various websites, so I gave it a shot when I was in Scottsdale. The service was great and the food was good. We sat in the bar area which was lively. It feels like a neighborhood hangout, so everyone looked like they were friends and having a good time.
5	GREAT! We found this restaurant near our hotel (the Westin Kierland Villas) on Yelp.  Read the great reviews and decided to try it.  Our family of 4 (our daughters are 11 and 8) went without a reservation.  Turns out the reviews are absolutely right!  Though it's wildly popular, they were able to find us a spot at the bar (which was a memorable experience for our girls who, being from Washington State, can't step foot in a bar), where we had an amazing dinner with service that was as good as the food.  Our 11 year old daughter, an aficionado of ravioli :) , thought this was the most delicious ravioli she'd ever tasted.  (I agree! It's right up there with the best. The chicken parmigiana and spaghetti pomodoro were excellent, too!)  We were extremely happy with the whole experience and will definitely go back!
4	My wife and I met a friend and his wife for dinner here. He had recommended it based of someone from work. It was definately worth the drive out here. Usually I am not going to spend an hour on the road to get somewhere unless its worth my while (Like bobby flay as a guest chef or something) We settled on this place because it was rather equal distance for both myself and my friend from the east valley to meet up. We were all pleasantly surprised how good this place was. This has pretty much become our  meeting place now every few months to catch up, eat, drink and be merry...
3	Tutti Santi has been our special family dinner go to place for a few years now.  Each person, even the kids, can find something on the menu they love, and the food is always well prepared.  Nice touches, like a warm greeting when you walk in, the professionalism of the wait staff  (though sometimes inattentive) and sambuca for the adults at the end of the meal, make everyone feel special.  If there's just two of you, the cozy tables in the bar are perfection.Why not more stars?  It mostly has to do with value.  Other restaurants in Tutti Santi's price range aren't  in a run down strip mall where you don't want to park the nice car you usually take for speical occasions.  It's just not the same in the pick-up truck.  You never ever have to wait long for that first drink or basket of bread at the other places, you can get a better glass of wine, have more choices for the healthy eater, and they pay more attention to things like how close together tables are and room acoustics.  HOWEVER - no one - and I mean no one - can match Tutti Santi's ravioli!  So we'll be back when another special occasion calls for it.
5	A friend told us of this restaurant, so we drove 40 minutes south to Scottsdale (worth every minute). This is authentic Italian, homemade pasta ravioli to die for! I had the pork chop, delightful! We have been back once and have scheduled to go again with 3 friends, who have never been. All within 10 days!! It is worth the drive no matter how far!!
5	Simple THE BEST ravioli in the state of Arizona. Hands down. Homemade deliciousness in a cream and tomato sauce. The other food is all very good, as well, but it's the ravioli that draws me back again and again. Prices are on the higher side - you don't get great value for basics like apps, salads, etc. - but for the handmade pastas, totally worth it, especially since they come with soup or salad! Service is always attentive and friendly.
3	ALMOST everything about this place was good. I went there for my birthday to have a nice dinner. We ordered the veal picatta and chicken rosa (forget the exact name). The food was good. Our waiter was great. Everything was good until the end of our meal when we asked to take our $50 bottle of wine home. The manager came to our table and told us it was against the law to let us take a bottle of wine off the premise. Since I had went through the DLLC course only 3 weeks prior, I knew he was wrong. I tried to explain to him that he was incorrect, but he insisted that since he had been in the business for over 10 years that he was right and I was wrong. To make a long ass story short, I didn't take my bottle of wine home. That evening I emailed the DLLC and asked them about the law concerning the situation at Tutti Santi, and they responded:"Was the bottle of wine purchased with a meal? If so the statute 4-244 (32) states:It is unlawful for a licensee or employee to knowingly permit spirituous liquor to be removed from the licensed premises, except in the original unbroken package. This paragraph shall not apply to either of the following: A person who removes a bottle of wine which has been partially consumed in conjunction with a purchased meal from licensed premises if a cork is inserted flush with the top of the bottle or the bottle is otherwise securely closed."SO, Mr. Matteo, this is to you: You WERE wrong! Your professionalism was admirable, but professionalism can only go so far when you are WRONG!Moral of this review: Drink all of your wine.
5	Living in the area of Tutti Santi for 23 years of my life and had never tried it.  Went to dinner with my mom and it started with the question of "ugh, where should we go?"  I suggested, let's go to Tutti Santi because it's close and we've never tried it after all these years.  My, my...we were so pleasantly surprised at our choice!  It's crazy to think how many times a day we drive by Tutti Santi, yet never had tried it all these years.  We will definitely become regulars now.First off, the atmosphere is great....very Italian, and very friendly.  Semi-upscale, yet not pretentious...you could go in shorts and it wouldn't matter.  My mom's first comment after walking in was "wow, its so nice in here!"  You'd never know from looking at its location in a Fry's strip mall.The food was so delicious.  I find it hard to get good honest Italian food in Scottsdale.  Most of it has to be overly-trendy in some form, therefore it really loses its home cooked Italian flare.  Not the case here though.  It all starts with the bread, which is so soft and delicious.  I love the fact that they serve it with a side of grated asiago cheese...and give each table its own olive oil and balsamic.  Every entree comes with soup or salad, and the soup we had was Tomato Basil.  Sounds boring, but it was seriously amazing.  Not thick and pastey like you know tomato soup to be....it's brothy and full of flavor.  I had the Linguine w/ Clams...with the red sauce per our waiter's recommendation.  DELICIOUS....and slightly spicy.  Mom had the Veal Francese, which is veal scalopine with white wine sauce/mushrooms/capers/artichoke hearts.....it too was divine.  Portions are pretty big so there's plenty of leftovers to enjoy the next day.  Didn't get dessert, but to top it all off was the complimentary shot of sambuca w/ coffee beans at the end of your meal.Cannot wait to go back to try more things on the menu....mmmm....mmmmmm..mmmmmm!
4	Outstanding pasta!!  I actually dined at their new location on 90th and Via Linda (old Amarone's).  I was there with the wife, kids, and in-laws and every single one of our dishes was out of this world.  I had the osso buco special, which was rich and delicious.  My wife had the tortellini which was great.  Other peoples' orders included fettuccine, gnocchi, and penne (all great).  We also ordered their ravioli as an appetizer and it was some of the best ravs I've ever tried!  There are not too many restaurants where everyone at the table loved their food, but it was the case this time.  Not being from Arizona I am disappointed that  I will only be able to dine here the once or twice a year that I visit.  This has now become a go to place when visiting the Phoenix area.
5	Absolutely LOVE this restaurant. The lasagne is incredible. I've been 5 or 6 times and can't seem to order anything else on the menu. It's quiet, romantic and the perfect place to go if you want authentic Italian food. It's very reasonably priced and never too busy that you have a long wait, although it's a good idea to make a reservation.
5	Italian food is typically not my first choice of cuisine, but I had guests in town and they wanted Italian food. I had been to this restaurant about 3 times prior but cannot remember enjoying the food as much as I had today.  This restaurant is truly worth the 5 stars.  Starts out with a warm greeting and fantastic service through and through.Yes, Ravioli ala Nina is amazing. They make the pasta paper thin and stuff it with fresh cheese and spinach.  The cream sauce and marinara sauce on top is so delicious.  Love the Veal Francese.  They don't skimp on the veal in this dish.  Food came out so hot and had plenty of the veal, capers, mushrooms, capers, artichokes,  and a savory lemon sauce.  The pasta side dish has a really delicious, really fresh marinara sauce.  They finish your meal w/ a complimentary Sambuca!  We did not have a reservation, but it's a good idea to make one if you can.Definitely recommend this place.
5	Found Tutti's through Yelp and thought we would give it a try. Extremely glad that we did. The food is amazing, everything we had! Highly recommend the ravioli and the tiramisu. Our service was excellent and they made the whole dining experience very enjoyable. I did not feel rushed and it was the first meal I've eaten in a long time that lasted more than an hour. Each item was given adequate time for us to experience and enjoy before they came to ask what we would like for dinner or desert or another drink. The waitress was friendly, Lauren I believe, and her recommendations were helpful. The hostess was a little cold and stuffy when we first went in which almost made us double think our choice but the rest of the experience was great!
5	This restaurant gets 5 stars!!!  We went here for Father's Day, and I wasn't sure what to think at first.  I looked over the menu before we went so I could decide what to get.  After getting to Tutti Santi (cute, quaint, family owned place) I was excited to sit down and eat.  They had some specials, so we got some ravioli appetizer and bread, and it was amazing, everyone had seconds! Our salads came out promptly with delicious dressing and fresh lettuce and vegetables.  We waited a bit for our entrees, but we werent even really worried about it, and then the manager came out to apologize for the delay, and about 10 minutes later our food arrived.  I got Chicken fiorentina, which was lightly breaded chicken with a white cream sauce and sauteed spinach.  OMG, it was the best thing I have tasted!!!!When we were all finished, the manager came out with a complimentary slice of cheesecake for the delay and offered my dad a shot of sambuca.  Great service, fun atmosphere and I will definitely be back to enjoy another one of their delicious meals.
5	I LOVE this place- this family owned restaurant is one of my favorites.Just went again last night- their Ravioli ala Nina are divine, and my most common choice.  My daughter had their Rigatoni Pipitone, also.  You can't beat freshly made pasta, freshly grated cheeses, and  homemade sauces.  Salads are cold and crisp, soups fresh and flavorful. Desserts are sublime. I'm happy to have a glass of House Chianti, which is around $6.50, so you can enjoy a reasonably priced glass of wine as well. This is NOT corporate service, so don't expect a "Capital Grill" waitstaff skill level every time.  Definitely there are skilled wait staff, but there are also family members working there, and while I enjoy the old-school family restaurant experience, I know that not everyone appreciates the less than polished service.  They are always well-meaning, and that is part of the charm, for me.They do not rush you out, they are pleased to help you select your food choices if you need.  If you have not been, I URGE you to give this non-corporate, completely enjoyable restaurant a try. My children have been here when young.  They are not "dinosaur chicken nugget and fry" kids.  The experience was fine for them, and they were treated well BUT they behaved appropriately, and were able to sit for an almost 2 hour dinner.  They ate what we ordered, including vegetables, calamari, stuffed mushrooms, eggplant... you get the idea.  I don't think they have bags of chik nuggets or PBJs in the back.  While they will gladly bring out a dish of buttered pasta or the like for a picky eater, be forewarned with regards to the potential length of your visit, and the no corporate kids menu.On the dress code- we are in Phx/Scottsdale- an area where people are traditionally casual in dress.  While you may certainly wear jeans here for dinner, most of the dinner crowd was dressed up somewhat.  I would NOT recommend a grungy t-shirt or casual shorts.  If you have a nice top on, and decent jeans, you'll pass.
4	As others have written, Nina's ravioli is fabulous.  The snails in garlic butter could have used more garlic.  The gnocchi was better than average.  The wine list was just okay.  Very cozy atmosphere -- unexpected given the way the mall looks from the outside.  Excellent service, including complimentary sambuca with coffee beans as a digestif.  All in all, very good Italian food and a restaurant worth another visit.
4	Holy ravioli is all I have to say....AMAZING! I'm an Italian girl from Jersey....I've had my fair share of ravioli in my life and this is the best I've ever had. Their green salad is really good too - simple and good. No iceberg lettuce here. Service is great. The reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because last time we were in, I tried a chicken dish that was just OK. Next time, I will just stick to the ravioli...
2	After living in New York for 4 years, Italian food in Phoenix definitely pales in comparison. However, the food here was not what I had an issue with, the service was lack luster/borderline horrible. I call it my 3 hour tour, which ended instead of crashing into a foreign island, sipping a free shot of sambuca. My reservation was for 7 and I was seated almost immediately. I ordered my drink and waited a good 15 minutes before it arrived. Then I waited a close to 20 minutes before the next order of drinks arrived. This continued. Listen, I get that you are busy and it is Friday, I get it. But please have someone run drinks to their tables, a continuous flow of alcohol always keeps patrons happy, especially when the food is taking a long time. The waitress was slammed, had too many tables and VERY forgetful. If you want to spend 250 dollars, have great food and not great drinks or service, go here. Otherwise, I recommend you go to a restaurant that can accommodate you in all regards. That, or go here at a time when you are sure to miss the traffic. My comments on the food are as follows: -Antipasto for 2- Love, love, love! The plate is enough for 4, big portions and big flavors. -Gnocchi marinara-Love it! Little fluffy clouds of potato wonder. Highly recommended.
5	Felt like a little Italy restaurant in NY or Baltimore. Great food and nicely presented. Been here 3 times with friends who are regulars there - they come from Chicago and are Italian. So when they go I go too!The wait staff are attentive and the pace of serving the courses is just right. The veal shank is drop off the bone excellent, the  hef's special seafood was fresh and absolutely divine...I asked for a soup spoon so as not to leave any of the broth behind.Fabulous. Thank you!
4	One of the few 'Italian' places in town that gets the seal of approval from Italian friends.  The rich and decadent ravioli has been mentioned several times by previous yelpers.  Worth mentioning again.  The Bolognese is solid, especially the next day.   Prices a tad high for what you get and relative to other spots in town.  But relative to the dearth of similar options, a great addition to anyone's Italian shortlist.
3	I'd give 2.5 stars if I could. As others have mentioned, the food here is good. The service, however, was lacking in many aspects. We were so looking forward to dining here after it was highly recommended by a friend whose family eats here every time they are in town as well as all of the glowing Yelp reviews.   Unfortunately, we left with a bad taste in our mouths.  We were greeted cordially and seated promptly, but then waited for someone, anyone, to approach our table for a long time.  The waiter and waitress both looked over at us several times, but neither came to greet us or ask for our drink order or even to tell us they were busy and would be with us in a few minutes.  I have no problem if someone is slammed, but a little communication is nice.  Anyway, the waitress finally came over to us and mentioned that she was stepping in for the other waiter because he was too busy, but the entire meal we felt like we were an afterthought and she never really listened to how everything was or if we needed anything else. The kicker was that EVERY other table was brought complimentary shots of sambuca after their meals except for us.  The food was good, especially the ravioli and tiramisu. But I would have enjoyed the meal a lot more if we had had the service given to everyone else in the restaurant. There are enough other choices that appreciate my business.
3	Friday for date night the hubby picked the restaurant.  We had movie tiks @ iPIC for later that night so this was close and somewhere we hadn't tried.  We made reservations the day of and headed into Scottsdale.  We arrived a tad early and had to wait a few minutes.  Lots of smaller tables for the two of us were available but could have been reserved for other parties.  We were greeted by who I can only imagine to be the owner and the hostess.  Both were trying to do the same thing.  Several waiters gave us the stink eye and I'm not sure how much I enjoyed that part while waiting.  We were finally seated and waited a while for someone to take drink orders or explain the specials they may have that night.  Bread was dropped off.  Literally just thrown on the table and water delivered.  Napkins were placed on laps (which didn't make sense - if you are going to throw bread @ me - don't feel obligated to place my napkin for me)  anyway letting it go....  Our waiter finally came over.  He was either intimidated, on drugs or truly just couldn't be bothered by our table.  He couldn't look me in the eyes the entire time while rattling off the specials.  He would look outside - up @ the ceiling - down @ the floor - other tables - anything from looking me @ directly.  We ordered drinks, appetizers and he went on his merry way.  We waited a while for everything to arrive.  My melon and prosciutto was amazing.  Perfect sweet to salty in every bite.  Yummy.  DH ordered the gnocchi.  There are no words that I will ever be able to use to explain this stuff to you.  It was like butter.  If you've ever had cotton candy and experienced it when it melts in your mouth.  Without the sweet.  This is what this gnocchi tasted like.  It literally melted in your mouth.  No chewing necessary.  Just savoring it all.  The white sauce with the ever so slight bit of red sauce to accompany it was PERFECT!!  IT was soooo delish.  Two days later he wants to go back for more.  Buckets and buckets he says.  I ordered the lasagna and Josh ordered the tortellini.  The lasagna was pedestrian.  It was ok.  Nothing like the gnocchi.  And the best part of the tortellini was those mushrooms.  Man those were delish!  It was sooo good.  There was a couple celebrating what I have to assume was her b-day next to us.  We were treated by Mama Tutti coming over to her table and singing to her in Italian.  IT was terrific.  What a treat.
4	The food was very good but I wasn't crazy about the stuffed mushrooms! They weren't bad but they weren't great either! I had veal franchese and it was very good. The veal melted in your mouth and the flavor was outstanding. It comes with pasta with tomato sauce which wasn't bad. The caesar salad with anchovies was really good and they pour a very healthy glass of wine! I ain't mad at 'em! :)
4	Big Bone.....Small Fork! Bet your wondering what I mean. Ill get to that shortly.  This was my first time eating at Tutti. it was never a place that bleeped on my radar. I mean, c'mon; It's in a Fry's strip mall. What piqued my attention was the automobiles and the line outside this joint. It looked like Goodfellas. I am noticing a Bently....Powder Blue??? A Maserati QP and an Orange Lamborghini. I told my Wife that there is something going on here. With the line and steady stream of business it was time to try.  Again, it is in a strip mall, Which is where often times you find a gem. Found one!! The inside is tiny and quaint. The flavors on the food are bold. My Wife and I went traditional. Linguini w/ Clams for her, and Veal Osso Bucco for me. Now, the rest of the story..... My Osso Bucco took a long time to be ready....I actually like that. It was very hot, extremely tender and the stock/gravy was Killer. The Shank was roasted so well that the marrow inside was PERFECT. They put a lobster fork in the shank, something that is done in much finer Restaurants than this. I was pleasantly surprised. The Marrow was so good, so rendered that put this dish at about a 8 out of ten. The only person to come close to my Granfathers recipe of Linguini Vongole is Tutti Santi. It was excellent!! The Canoli was fair but the Sambuca that is served with every dessert  is a very, very nice accoutrement. I will be back to try something different.
5	Found this restaurant via Yelp, and was very happy with it. Our party of four enjoyed each dish on the table (ravioli Nina, veal saltimbucco with fettuccini alfredo, veal francese with rotini in a fresh tomato sauce, spaghetti bolognese), along with an appetizer of the gnocci. Gnocci were delightfully lush when shared, but might have been overwhelming as an entree. (Yes, there IS too much of a good thing when it comes to rich calories). Conversation at the table slowed as we feasted--- always a sign of tasty dining. The meal was served with bread/olive oil/balsamic vinegar that was readily augmented by butter to match one diner's desires. House chardonnay and chianti were sipped appreciatively.Service got high marks from us, as our server was personable and well-versed in the foods on the menu. A nice touch was that used silverware was replaced for each course -- a small thing that nonetheless added a bit more elegance to the evening.Definitely recommend a visit here.
3	One can find many an Italian restaurant in the city of Scottsdale.  Tutti Santi Ristorante Italiano by Nina's is tucked away in a strip mall off of Greenway and 64th street.  Very unassuming from the outside, Tutti Santi is a welcome respite from the heat that bears down in the summer months in Arizona. Their menu includes both cold and hot appetizers, many pasta dishes, and dishes with seafood or meat.  For a hot appetizer, their homemade gnocchi ($10.95, potato dumplings served with a bit of cream and topped with your choice of sauce) is a tasty appetizer to begin your meal. For a filling main course, Tutti Santi delivers a creamy Rigatoni Pipitone ($14.95) to satisfy one's pasta craving.  Their Rigatoni Pipitone consists of rigatoni pasta abundantly covered with creamy vodka tomato sauce and mixed in with ground sirloin.  Smooth and creamy, this is a decadent dish for any pasta lover.At the end of the meal, you are given a complimentary shot of Sambuca liquor complete with three coffee beans (common serving style of Sambuca shot in Italy). Sambuca tends to have a black licorice taste.  This complimentary shot is good for any fan of the black licorice taste indeed.Tutti Santi can be on the pricier end of Italian restaurants in Scottsdale.  One though, is given an ample serving for their price.   With a full selection of Italian specialties on their menu, one can find their favorite Italian dish easily at Tutti Santi.
4	We have gotten take out here and eaten in, and both times were great! Very good food!
5	Oh gosh...I don't know where to start...  This is on my top 5 restaurants on the face of this earth list.  My mouth is already watering...Appetizers:  Their calamari just melts in your mouth wether you order it as is or grilled (which I like to request since it's healthier).  The Caprese salad is deeeeelish...I always like to ask for balsamic to go with it.  Finally, the Gnocci is also just delicious.Entrees:  Ravioli Nina and the Veal Francese (substituted with chicken) is by far my two favorite dishes.  A very close second is their Cioppino....mmmmm.  The chicken francese is cooked to perfection with its lemon, butter, caper, mushroom sauce.  I like to add some of their marinara on top for some more flavor NOT that it needs it.Dessert:  CREME BRULEE...OMG...it is sinful...the best I've ever had.  Their tiramisu is pretty darn good too.Don't think twice about going here it is da bomb diggity!!!
3	Average food ., overpriced ... But friendly staff
1	Ambiance was very nice. Service was really good. Very expensive which wasn't the worse part, the food was horrible. My husband just got chicken parmesan which so bland. The kids got basic spaghetti and hated it. They didn't like the taste.  I got some dish that had Angel Hair pasta, spinach and shrimp. Horrible!!!! The shrimp was horribly cooked and rubbery. Just not good food!!!
5	Best Italian restaurant in the valley, as far as I'm concerned. Totally unassuming from the outside since it's in a strip center on 64th St. & Greenway (in the same center as Fry's and McDonalds). But this family run restaurant that has been here for years. Same friendly staff every time...especially love being in the bar area. A little on the pricey side, but definitely worth it. Must try the ravioli (either as an appetizer or main dish) and chicken Marsala with fettuccine Alfredo on the side. All entrees come with soup or salad.
2	First time dining here. The menu is diversified but too pricey compared to other similar restaurants in the Scottsdale area. I asked for the music to be turned down twice and although they weren't busy, it never happened. The food was fresh but very bland. Salad was plain and the dressing was non descript. I ordered their evening special-Osso Buco ($30.00 range) and although it was tender, the sauce tasted like gravy. The vegetables in the dish were way over cooked, appared mashed. The sauce can make or break this entree.  I was dining with a business associate and didn't feel comfortable complaining given the circumstance. We were heading to an event afterward and didn't have time to re-order with the service being pretty slow for 5pm on a Weds. night.  She ordered salmon off the menu, it looked good but overpriced at $24.95. There are far better/more upscale places that are superior.  I was disappointed overall and won't be back.
5	I would give this place a 4.5 star rating, if possible.  When we come to town from San Diego, we try new restaurants that are highly rated on Yelp.  This one deserves the high star rating.  We rarely go back to the same restaurant but ate there 2 out of the 3 nights we were in Scottsdale.The first night we had their fresh burratta (from Sicily), sicilian olives, greek olives, large tomatoes, basil and wonderful olive oil that is from Tuscany and gets bottled under their label.  My partner had lamb shank (osso bucco style) over milanese risotto with rich veal sauce - yummy!  I had homemade squash ravioli with four cheese sauce.  We ended up having panna cotta with berries and they provided complimentary sambuca with three espresso beans.  The bread and olive oil were delicious also.  All in all, the food was excellent and so was the service.The second night we sat at the bar and was served by Deborah (owner's daughter) and met her father, Leonardo.  Great family.  We decided we wanted to try everything so we had four appetizers.  Carpaccio with parmesean cheese, capers, tomatoes, olive oil; gnocci (Iighter than a cloud)  in a cream sauce with a spoon full of marinara; burrata (same as the first night but it was double the size the next day); and the best mussels I've ever had (spicy marinara sauce or you have your choice of white wine/garlic or tomato sauce).  The stuff was like crack and my boyfriend practically licked the bowl.   My boyfriend loves limoncello so Deborah made him a limonello martini and then provided complimentary limoncello after dinner.  The tiramisu - the lightest I have every had. The service is excellent and the food is awesome!  I would definitely go back.  Some Yelpers didn't like the strip mall location.  Who cares as long as the restaurant is nice inside, which this one fits that description.  Owners are awesome and describe the food so vividly.
4	I'm in love, seriously! We started the night with their calamari, tender and delish. The dinner salads were simple but tasty! The ghnocchi MELTS in your mouth and the spinach/ricotta ravioli is just out of this world! I highly recommend this place. We will be back (again). But seriously, order the ghnocchi! Hello mommy! Oh and if Emily is reading this, GTH.
5	Had to write them another quick review since my first review of Tutti's.  Tutti Santi has become my only Italian restaurant that I'll go to in Phoenix....folks it simply is the best in town.  I've become a regular here, and the entire restaurant treats you like family...its always a joy coming in here.  If I could rate them 10 stars, I would.  Everything I've tried on the menu is outstanding...their pasta's are some of the best I've ever tried.  I could go on and on about this place, but I'll just keep it simple.....GO HERE!  And sit at the bar with Deb....she will take wonderful care of you.
5	My favorite Italian food ever.. I'm very picky and even pickier is my daughter and she in in love with the ravioli di Nina just like her momma!!!  Yummy :)
4	This restaurant is amazing the staff was amazing.  They were always smiling even though they were extremely busy for valentines day.  They were on top of everything making sure our glasses were filled, dirty dishes taken away and ensuring we were always comfortable.  The food was over the top.  I am italian so i find it very hard to go out to dinner at italian restaurants because nothing is like a home made meal.  But this restaurant made me feel like i was at home.I am a concierge for a hotel in North Phoenix and will be recommending this to anyone looking for Italian food.  Keep up the good work Tutti Santi.
5	This is the perfect place for a nice dinner. Whether it's taking your parents out or celebrating an anniversery, this is the place to go. The ambiance is nice the the food is amazing. It is a bit pricey but you definitely get what you paid for at the end of the day. I don't know how it is usually, but when we went, it was extremely crowded. Perhaps consider making reservations ahead of time if possible. Expect meal prices to be 15+.
5	The service here is on point.  The waiter that served us was really nice and friendly.  No complaints on the food.  It was DELICIOUS!!
4	I usually avoid chains, particularly Italian chains, like the plague.  However, it was my mother-in-law's birthday and this is her favorite place.  So we go.  And I was more than a little surprised (pleasantly).  The good:- Great for kids (if you get the table in the little room off the other room)- Very friendly service- The osso bucco was the 2nd best osso bucco I've ever had and I've had my fair share (a few bites weren't as tender as it should have been, but the mixture of savory fat, rice, butter, and marrow has me craving more)- The ravioli was delicious  - Did I mention that little room off to the side is great if you have little kids!The bad:- Can't think of anything
3	I was really expecting more after reading all the great reviews but the food seemed very average at best. The Gnocchi was all I tried and it was passable but uninspiring. They were fairly gummy and dense and not particularly pleasing but not completely bad. The serving size was substantial though, so it could be a good place for those looking for larger portions.  The service was pretty decent and probably the highlight of my visit.
5	Wonderful little italian restaurant hidden in a strip mall one mile from Westin. Delicious authentic italian food. Must try the calamari, ravioli and veal cannelloni.
5	This is a great place for delicious food, attentive service and a charming atmosphere - including a little Italian serenade, if you're lucky.
5	Absolutely wonderful. Service was great. The meal was exquisite. We had a great time. Nice atmosphere and a delicious meal. I highly recommend.
2	My wife and I use Yelp often and the four star reviews never let us down. We were excited to try this new Italian place which had four stars, but we left hungry and disappointed. The bread was nothing special. The water tasted terrible. Portion size was ridiculously small. Nothing about this restaurant supports its high prices. My wife wants to substitute veggies for pasta and they charged $5 dollars to accommodate the request. The veggies were saturated in oil and over cooked. Another thing that I wish I checked in the beginning of the meal was the bathroom. Had I checked before I would had left and not subjected ourselves to this poor experience. Dust and trash everywhere and the stench was awful. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. My wife and I dine out often and know our stuff. This place was a huge letdown.
4	I've been here a few times now and am now able to give this place an accurate review.  The first thing you should know is that this place gets packed during peak hours at all times of the year.  This isn't just a snow bird place and is more of a neighborhood joint.  So, make a reservation or be prepared to wait.  Also, the place is a bit cramped (cozy?) but there is not much that can be done about that.  The service is always excellent and the prices are a bit high.  All the entrees I've tried have been excellent.  It is best to stick with the Italian basics of which this place does the best in my opinion.  They try to be creative with some of their dishes (ex. caprese chicken) which they don't pull off as well as would be expected.  My favorites are he gnocchi and lasagna which are some of the best around.  Their homemade pasta dishes are also very good.The only thing that pisses me off about this place is their bread which is plain and blah and that they charge you an extra $5 to upgrade their crappy side salad to a Caesar.Anyway, it is nice to have a cozy, friendly, Italian spot with good food so close to home.
4	Like others, I was brought here by the good reviews; especially those of the gnocchi, which is probably the only type of Italian food I'd pay money to go out and eat (y'know, spaghetti and all that pasta-y type stuff is so easy to make at home. Ever try making gnocchi? I have, pain in the ass).Run-on parenthesis sentences aside, I wouldn't say I was blown away by the gnocchi as other reviewers. However, I did enjoy it. Along with that, our server was both attentive and actually *from* Italy, which kind of adds to the experience. The complimentary bread is probably the best I've had in an Italian restaurant; very soft and the crust isn't too hard like most places.One star off for the on-table plates having what looked like grease smudges and the stupid "that's what she said" joke one of the bussers at the wait station (which was unfortunately right next to our table) uttered.Other than that, I'll just add that I don't find the portion sizes to be as great a value as other reviewers suggested, but maybe I'm being a fatty.All-in-all, a nice place.
5	Delightful and charming atmosphere tucked in the kierland area ( Scottsdale) area.Four course meal was exceptional with homemade mozzarella, salads with delicious house dressing,  the signature ravioli and Lasagna di Nina and traditional Italian deserts. On a personal note the ravioli was so delicate and light it melted in my mouth, so full of flavor. Appropriate wine list to compliment the menu selection. Portions are suitable and the prices are modest in comparison to the fantastic quality.A lovely family owned restaurant in the heart of Phoenix worth multiple visits. Traditional European dining experience. Impossible to find an equivalent quality Italian restaurant in the valley.
4	This is a nice neighborhood Italian place that I forget to visit often enough.  This last visit I had the veal cannelloni which was heavy but very good.  The caprese salad was just OK.  The tomatoes and mozzarella didn't really impress me. My friend loved every bite of her spaghetti.
2	I had heard such good things about this restaurant and was excited to try it for a birthday celebration! First the good: the wine was great :)the not so good: I have a dairy free diet, so when i asked about butter in the dishes, our waiter said it was in everything! but could probably be removed but would not be so good. (Not really asking for an opinion here, but ok, thanks anyway)So then, I ordered the pasta with marinara and added mushrooms (waiter said, why do you have the change the menu, you are such a woman. Ummm..ok, again, didn't ask for your opinion, but ok, thanks)Pasta was fresh and pretty good, better with mushrooms, i suggested they change the menu being the "woman" that I am. The salad was mediocre at best, just lettuce and one tomato. would like to see more additions here. This restaurant serves FOUR veal dishes, I am strongly opposed to any restaurant killing and eating 6 week old baby cows, so I won't be returning here. They have NO vegan options other than the salad, rare for an italian place. I would highly suggest adding more vegan options and doing away with the veal options, it would open your restaurant up to all new clientele. I can't and won't support a restaurant that believes killing and eating babies is ok.
4	We like Tutti Santi a lot.  It's in our neighborhood and we normally order for take-out.  Their food is really quite good.  We have tried a number of different entrees and everything has been really consistent quality.  Although I frequently see older children there (above 8 years old), I wouldn't recommend eating-in with small children because it's a bit of a quite and more intimate setting for small kids who could get restless.  But the food is great and they happily do take-out!
5	Wonderful neighborhood Italian spot. Waiter was from Milan. Great evening!
5	This is my favorite Italian food spot in town. The gnocchi and ravioli are incredible!
5	We eat here almost once a month with my wife's family.  The service is impeccable, If you ever get Jill she is the best!  The food never disappoints.  The ravioli is always a favorite.  If they are serving osso buco you have to get it!  My favorite is the clams linguini in the white wine sauce.  Love this place!
2	Really really upset... the waiter was horrible! He spilled drinks and did not even apologize, just huffed and puffed cleaning it up. He ruined my new years eve meal... DO NOT ASSUME things mr. waiter. It happened one to many times that night to not post about it and to top it off I have called and left 2 messages for the owner or manager to call me back, nope nothing! I have given plenty of time so now here is my rant. It was a great meal (overpriced) but i would not go there again if they have that same offensive waiter! I will update later if I get a response or find out he is gone.
5	Loved! Boyfriend took me here for Valentine's day, they were packed. I thought it would take forever to get our orders. The server was really friendly and the food came out wonderful. Would love to come back :)
1	Great food. So, why the 1 star review? Walked in and the restaurant was so stifling that I couldn't breathe. Asked for the air to be turned on. I received a snide comment. Then they cranked the air on so high that everyone in the restaurant was shivering. Someone at another table asked for it to be turned down. The waiter said "well, if it wasn't for those people over there (us) it wouldn't be so cold." Thanks jackass. Waiter was rude rest of the night.
5	The food was fantastic but what really stood out to me was the service. From Lucky the bar tender to our waitress Gildra (I know I butchered that sorry!) everything was incredible. They were personable, attentive, and friendly. They really made you feel like a part of the family there. I loved it. One of the best dining experiences that I've had since moving to Scottsdale. I particularly recommend the Ravioli De Nina. So good! The wine was excellent as well.
4	I was recommended by my co-worker couple of times to try this place.So finally i tried it on 4/30/13,with my wife.  The service is impeccable and all the waiters were the best!  The food never disappoints.  The ravioli is always a favorite.  If they are serving osso buco you have to get it!  And dont miss the complimentary shot at end.  Love this place!
1	Upon entering the place has a cozy home feel to it. May be a little too cozy for some as the tables are fairly close to each other. The menu isn't very extensive, lots of pasta, some calamari, chicken and veal.  My boyfriend and I were seated and had napkins laid on our laps. We were left there , forgotten for about 15 min, while other tables around us were being attended to.  The whole meal went that way, it was not a very pleasant experience and we will not be returning.  Other patrons were offered choices with their entrees, we were not, others were offered sambuca after the meal, we were not. I don't want to say that our experience was racial, but it felt that way as I was the only non-white customer in the establishment that night.
4	I just moved near this location and after driving by it a few times, decided to try it.  I just picked up take out of lasagna with meatsauce for myself, and chicken parm for my hubby.  Both were terrific, and they gave us a huge salad to split and bread as well.  Can't wait to dine in, small but very cute restaurant.  When I stopped in to place my order, it was a Sunday around 5pm and they had a nice crowd.  Very friendly staff.  The server who assisted me with my order suggested that we come in and try the ravioli, their signature dish.  She also said that it's the only dish they don't have available for take out.  We'll definitely check that out!I loved the sauce on my lasagna, and also that they didn't have one of those awful inch thick layers of ricotta in the lasagna.  There was just the appropriate amount.  Nom!
5	Without a doubt, this is my wife's favorite Italian restaurant.  I enjoy it too, and plan on dinner here close to Her birthday or our anniversary.  She usually get a Caprese salad and a fish dish, tonight it was the Salmon with risotto, she took 1/2 home for later.  I had the Carpaccio and Veal Parmigiana, yeah I know it's not on the menu.  Ask.  MMMMMmmm veal.We did have room for dessert, I had a Cannoli, She had Tartufo, and Espresso.  It took her two visits to figure-out that you get the complimentary Sambuca if you order dessert. Leisurely meal, good service, great food.  Enjoy
4	Okay, it's in a strip mall and doesn't look like beans from the outside.   But once you step inside the door you're amazed at the decor.   It's beautiful, very old-world, like out of an old ethnic Chicago neighborhood - you expect Lucca Brazzi to be hanging at the bar - lots of old photographs, great lighting, and best of all, great Sicilian food!We had a table for 6 in the bar; 5 of us ordered pasta dishes  and one girl ordered the chicken caprese - everyone loved their food!   Our waiter could have 'jollier' and smile a little more, but he's heavily accented French and working in an Italian restaurant, so maybe he feels a little out of his element.    Whatever, it did not deter our dining experience.  Having taken a multitude of cooking classes and some in Bologna, Italy, my only complaint is that the 'bolognese' sauce on my spaghetti was a 'meat sauce' (ragu) and not a true bolognese, which gets it's complex flavor from sauteed carrots, celery and onions, in addition to  2 or 3 reductions of tomatoes, broth, milk, etc.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, just not a bolognese sauce.   It did require some hot pepper flakes and lots of the wonderful reggiano parmesano cheese they leave at the table, a generous gesture.
5	This place is where I usually go for family dinners their Italian food is great and they will occasionally have a performance by an Italian singer but what really had me hooked was their lemon sorbet it's amazing it is smooth and creamy and melts in your mouth its great. :D
4	My family and I dined at Tutti Santi during family vacations to Scottsdale for the last 2 years.  It is an authentic East Coast Italian restaurant in the heart of Scottsdale, AZ!  The caprese salad is as good as I've had anywhere and the beef carpaccio is a can't miss.  The waitstaff is warm and attentive and good with kids.  If you are craving authentic Queen's style Italian in the South West, this is the place!
5	Great restaurant to come to any day of the week. Food, atmosphere and service is amazingly delightful! I recommened this to everyone and anyone who wants to try it out! They have great deserts and wines aswell. 5 stars!!!
5	It doesn't look like much because it sits in a strip mall, but it is one of only a handful of Italian restaurants I will dine at in the valley.  The ravioli melts in your mouth. Try it with marinara and Alfredo.
4	Very food and very service. They do a good job for the price of a meal. Nice pour for wine and drinks. Nice place to dine at.
4	I moved from chicago and had been on a hunt for good italian food and was really happy to find this place! The grilled calamari appetizer was very fresh and for entree I  got a delicious spaghetti with salmon and cream sauce. The salmon was very fresh too . Even though it was a cream sauce dish, it didnt feel super heavy which was nice.The service was good and you can tell it is a family run restaurant. Will be back!
2	Tried to have a romantic dinner at this place with m y wife. Food was great, but the service not so good. Rude wait staff. Maybe a Jersey thing?? but I'm from Jersey and wasn't feeling the love...
2	Food was OK but the service was poor.from the moment we walked in, we were treated like we were interrupting a private staff party. Two waiters eyed us like we were on the red carpet and based on their snickering, we evidently didn't meet their standard.  We arrived at 5:45 and happy hour specials were advertised on the menu and when we asked about them the extremely rude waiter huffed, looked at his watch and said the happy hour specials were only good in the bar not in the restaurant, even though the restaurant menu indicated happy hour until 6 pm.  rather than asking if we wanted anything, he simply walked away and did not return to our table until it was after 6pm. we were going to order full price appetizers but opted not to because of how we were treated.  we would have left if we were not meeting a business collegue.  The waiter continued to be sarcastic throughout our meal and he was completely dismissive of me, deffering completely to the two men I was with. I had been to Tutti's on 16th Street many times and thought I could expect a similar positive experience at this location. Unfortunately, I will never go back and I am not sure I will even return to the 16th street location. Something should be done to help the wait staff understand how they influence the entire dining experience for their customers.
1	I so appreciate the service and the food. But - you don't seat 4 children in the bar. It's not an appropriate situation for them or for adults without children either. If it weren't season, we would have left.
5	First time i had been here, but it's my father in laws favorite place.  I had veal parmigina which isn't even on the menu, but he was happy to make it for me.  I also ordered the calamari fritta (be sure as they have many calamari dishes)......awesome.  I found it to be tender and not like a mouth full of elastics.  good local find.
5	First off, as a hungry college student, it takes a very special restaurant to give me a full and satisfied stomach.  Tutti Santi did the job.The party I was in started off with a wonderfully simple Bruschetta, with Prosciutto.  Everything (the tomato, basil, mozzarella) was fresh and had a vibrant flavor.  Even the side salads they gave us were great, especially with their (according to them) homeade balsamic vinaigrette.  Finally, my Lasagna Bolognese al Forno was amazing.  I've been to Italy and New York, and sampled some amazing Italian food.  This was the best lasagna I've ever had, easy.  In addition to the wonderful sauce, with plenty of meat and spices, as well as the overall heartiness of the dish, my satisfaction with the lasagna stemmed from the melty, perfectly cooked pasta, which I could tell was homemade.  I think homemade pasta should be the pride of any self-respecting Italian restaurant, and wow did this restaurant deliver.Not to mention that we were in and out of there in under an hour and a half, and the service was speedy, attentive and pleasant.I will DEFINITELY be back.  Thank you, Tutti Santi, for a wonderful meal and experience.
3	It was good.  Solid.  But I wasn't blown away.  Maybe it was my selection?  But for the price - there's some other places I'd go for the same amount of money.  Just sayin'.  Tables were way too close and I felt like I was on the 101 with staff and customers whirling around behind me .    Staff were nice and attentive.  Everyone liked their food - but not one of the five of us gushed in anyway about their entree.  My salad (and my dining companions Caesar) were LOADED with dressing.  Yikes!  Oh well.
5	Couldn't ask for more,  great service, lovely ambience and superb food! Our waiter couldn't have done more for us, the shrimp cocktail was as expected, divine. My husband had scampi to start which was delicious, so flavorful. I had the Zuppa pesca de Mediterranean which was out of this world and I will order again. My husband had linguine con vongole for his main course and in his words "delicious". He had the cannoli and I had a Gelato with a crust (? ) which was phenomenal. Can't recommend this place enough. We'll be back soon. Why can't every restaurant understand customer service and food quality like this.
3	This is a small place but hands down has the best ravioli I have ever had. Prices are low and I would recommend ordering the ravioli as an appetizer.  They give you complimentary soup or salad as well. If you're looking for Italian, Id suggest you go here.
5	Yes, five stars. The food is dependably great, staff is seasoned and professional while making you feel at home, and the ambiance works for everything from a corporate group dinner to a romantic night out. The wine list has something for everyone, the bartenders are pros and know how to pour a drink. If forced to "complain" I would wish the bread was a crustier artisan variety, but that is kind of pathetic when the house-made veal cannelloni or ravioli is melting in your mouth while your mind is back in Italy somewhere.
5	Outside: Unassuming.inside: The best damn Italian food in the valley. We typically call in to take home rather than dine in just because we live around the corner. But the warm, at home atmosphere makes it comforting to have a glass of wine at the bar while we wait for our take out order. Start off with the Mozzarella Caprese and Gnocchi app, then for dinner the Rigatoni Pipitone. Can't wait to try the Ravioli, they keep telling me to try. We come back again and again. The food is heavenly and pure. Deserves all five stars and then some.
5	Been here twice with my dad who is apparently a VIP.  He travels to Phoenix frequently and always comes here for dinner. The staff is exceptional and welcoming. The food is great, may i say...fancy. Some pasta sauces can be a bit on the salty side but not so bad that it doesn't taste good. Desserts are a must so save room!  Also don't forget to get a shot at the end of the meal. Make sure you have reservations because this place is small and people love it. It's always packed. They use open table for reservations as well!
5	Amazing Food, Excellent Service, and All Around Great Restaurant!!!! This is one of the Best Restaurants in AZ.. Must Try!!!
5	Wonder food and very attentive waiter and staff. Good value for price. Will return here again
5	We were shopping at Kierlands and were hungry so we decided to try the Italian place we saw in the shopping center near there.  What a treat!!!  Tutti Santi by Nina on Greenway in Scottsdale is awesome!  A great find.  It's in a shopping center, so you wouldn't expect an authentic Italian experience.  But we did! Really great food and "locals" kind of atmosphere. My husband loved the Veal Marsala and I loved the Pollo Caprese, it was awesome. The owner Leonardo was there. Really great guy! We are definitely going back!
