1	Do not even think about talking to these swindlers!  They're as greasy as any other ripoff con-artists you run into these days.  I once had great faith in Verizon.  Now these guys have tainted my view of Verizon as a whole.  There is one especially deviant guy there named Marcelo Castaneda who scammed me into paying money for something I don't even have anymore.  I walked in the mall on a casual Saturday expecting to have a leisurely day off from work.  I looked at their products as I sometimes to because I want to see what's new with Verizon.  I currently have service with T-Mobile & have had no issues with them since 2007.  I always said that if T-Mobile were to wrong me, I'd go with Verizon.  Anyway, I passed by & stopped to look at this one device called a Mifi which has since been renamed to the Jetpack.  Long story short, they sweet talked me into believing them when they said I was not going to be risking any money at all on this thing.  They said if I decided to return it within 14 days I'd be scott-free from a contract & from any charges at ALL.  He told me there would be no money out of my pocket if I decided to return the device in that time.  What he failed to mention is that I only had a 3 day trial if I wanted to not pay a single dollar.  This also was not included in the contract.  So what a surprise I was in for when I decide to go back to the mall to return the thing the very next Saturday.  Not only were they going to charge me a $35 restocking fee, but Verizon was also going to be charging me an activation fee ANYWAY.  I yelled at the poor guy who happened to be there at the time.  Later I apologized for yelling at him, because the one I should have been chewing out was the stupid imbecile name Marcelo!  He lied to my face to make a quick commission that day.  These morons need to be reported by more of us.  I called Verizon customer service & reported them doing this.  Even the Verizon customer service guy was surprised to hear what kind of people Diamond Wireless has employed there.  It's a shame that he couldn't help me out since I dealt with a reseller rather than Verizon themselves.  Who knows how many others have fallen victim to their sleazy ways.  & here I thought they were honest guys.  I have since filed a dispute with my credit card company & they have managed to remove some of the money that was charged.  Not only that but I have also cancelled my credit card.  If they come after me later for the activation fee I will dispute this mess with the three credit bureaus once & for all.  You don't mess with a 770 credit score after 15 years of being a good payer.Not only that, but this is going to be reported to the Better Business Bureau as well.  And another thing, as the guy stood there arguing with me about the contract, he kept saying that Verizon has thousands of customers & that they have the best network.  You know what dude?  No one gives 2 shits about that stuff when you just FINISHED LYING TO ME!   He had the AUDACITY to tell me that I should take the device home & try it some more to get a better feel for it.  WTF, MAN?  What the hell are you smoking thinking I would ever do that in a million years after you just finished cheating me out of 35 bucks!!?!?  The nerve of this guy.   Then he goes on to say (in his fast talking slickster salesman's voice) that they were going to pay me to use it, in the form of a 50 mail in rebate.  Oh my God, I wanted to just punch the guy in the nose right there in the mall.  He must've thought that I had amnesia or temporary memory loss.  How in the hell would I go back home, cut up the box, mail in the rebate & UPC, & wait for a check that may or may not come, when he explicitly said the previously Saturday, "Don't cut up my box, or we won't accept it."??  I think the kid is on CRACK.  Seriously, folks.  A WORD OF WARNING: Diamond Wireless is not Verizon; they are only a third party reseller.  Verizon verified this & also said I should have done business with them personally rather than stop here.  How was I to know?  Lesson learned.  Life goes on.  I let my guard down this once.  My fault.  Guess it's back to the way it was before.  DON'T TRUST ANYONE.This guy purposely mislead us.......
1	They don't even deserve that 1 star. Horrible service, attitude, business ethics. Safe yourself a headache and go to a REAL Verizon store.
1	WARNING THIS STORE IS A FRANCHISE AND DOES NOT CONFORM TO ALL VERIZON STANDARDS OF SERVICE.I purchased a Verizon Gift Card to buy her new iPhone 5s for Christmas.We decided to use the card as part of the upgrade and to get the data transferred between old and new device.Once the upgrade agreement was signed we attempted to pay and very last minute they informed that they do not accept gift cards.We disputed with them and their advisor then started to point the blame on us. the service was rude, unwelcoming, unnecessarily accusative and very different from the service of an actual verizon store.
1	Beware! Went to pick up my new Apple Iphone 5C and then was told that I had to pay $200.00, NO I wasn't told that when I ordered it on a promotion.  Had a very nice guy by the name of Carlo Torres help me with my FREE order and said he would call me when my phone was shipped but when I came in to get it a whole new ball game.  What a rip off.
1	Worst service i have ever gotten! They have truly screwed me over. Switching lines all wrong, once I got Verizon to fix it... The attorney sends me a letter saying I owe $400. DO NOT GO THERE!!!... also- the guy helping me named Jose, had no idea what he was doing and had the worst customer service and had no remorse for how much he screwed up my account! They don't even deserve one star.
