5	GIVE THIS PLACE A TRY!!  You won't regret it.  This is the best car wash in Scottsdale, bar none.  Extensive hand-performed pre-wash (I appreciate this part a lot), top of the line robotics, plenty of rinses to get all of the soap off, and powerful vacuum cleaners outside.  They also have compressed air hoses right next to each vacuum hose to blast out that hard-to-reach dirt.  Friendly staff-- I can tell they really want to succeed, and if they keep up the good work, they definitely will!  I will be back, thanks guys!
5	My car is the cleanest it's ever been!! I just took it to Clean Machine Car Wash at Hayden and Osborne Roads in Scottsdale. They not only got it clean (for today's $1 special), but it looks so shiny it's like it's been waxed!!
5	The only problem with this place is it's not closer to my house. I would totally buy a membership if I lived nearby. What separates this car wash from others is the quality and details. I felt like there was more soap if that makes any sense. And what the blowers at the end of the wash didn't get, the mini air hose was able to cover in the vacuum section. Clean, professional, and affordable. Dig this place.
5	Best $5 car wash of all time. In and out quickly, they give you a damp cloth to wipe down the dash / inside of vehicle. What I love most is the vacuum stalls. Super  convenient, hoses on both sides, powerful. Overall for $5 your car comes out clean, sparkly and vacuumed !! They have monthly options if you wash frequently.
5	I've brought my car here a few times and  recommended friends to this place. Outstanding customer service, great drive through wash, free vacuums. The prices are way cheaper than most car wash places though you might have to do a little more work. Why not! It's perfect weather in AZ. Might as well get a tan while cleaning the inside of your car. I'm definitely a retuning customer.
5	I went here twice during the week and can say that I won't be going elsewhere unless I need a full service experience. They've obviously invested in top notch equipment and as a result the wash does a near perfect job. Plus it wasn't busy so you can get in and out quickly
5	Clean Machine Car Wash is without a doubt, the best, cleanest  and most complete exterior car wash I have ever experienced.  Upon pulling up they have friendly professional people greet you and explain their services.  Then as you pull around to the wash bay, more friendly professionals greet you and give you a damp cloth for your interior and the air freshener of your choice.  The wash bay is very long and has every imaginable soap and wax.  But, prior to entering the wash bay they have two people actually scrubbing down your windshield and other tough spots and applying bug spray, without even having to ask for it.  As you exit the wash bay, there are more drying units than the closest 2-3 competitor car washes have combined. Then to the covered drying area.  They actually have hand held air blowers to blow the remaining water out of the cracks and crevices.  Talk about value, you REALLY get your moneys worth.  I have purchased Fast Passes for all of our vehicles and would highly recommend you do the same.
5	BEST PLACE EVER! This is really the best place to get a super affordable car wash. Everyone is so friendly and helpful and my car is as clean as can be! I drove away in what felt like a brand new car that smelled like pina colada.
5	Great place!The facility is very clean, quick and convenient!The staff is also very friendly and helpful!
1	WHAT A BUNCH OF CLOWNS!!!! Tried getting my car washed this morning but the manager was in the BATHROOM and there was a line of cars waiting for that fool to get done with his morning crap!NEVER AGAIN!!!!!
4	Good quick free vacuum ...not a hand wash but good.. tire shine comes out good .. free wet rag to wipe down. Monthly packages for washes..
2	Writing this as I go through the wash Normally come here all the time.  It's quick and easy to figure out and cheap. This most recent visit the employee decided to go on break just as I was pulling in causing me to wait 10 minutes because I didn't feel like using the express line that charges you for your next wash as well. When I finally got someone over they couldn't operate the cash register and I proceeded to wait 5 more minutes for a manager to fix it. Overall used to be impressed but now I may just be going to the other wash down the street, although the free vacuums are a nice touch though.
5	Love this place! Fast and effective and they do a great job! The vacuums are a great added touch!
1	I will stay away from car washes like this from here on out.  After I got done the car wash I noticed that there was tons of grease and grime on my rims.  Weird since I paid for a more expensive wash to clean the rims. Called a guy over he said that they didn't clean the rim machine and that I could wipe it off easily.  After a little conversation the guy agreed to clean it as I had paid for a service.  As I walked around my car I noticed a large amount of scratches on the back rear roof.  Pretty noticeable, parallel scratches that are pretty uniform.  I asked the manager about it as I had not noticed the scratches previously.   He claimed that there is nothing in their car wash that could possibly cause scratches.  I could be wrong, the scratches may have already been there, but I noticed them immediately after the wash.  Also be careful of the vacuums placement, as you will hit the lines when you open your door.  This placement has appeared to cause scratches on my door.  Save yourself the trouble, go to a self car wash and don't cause damage to your vehicle.
4	Okay, I will admit it. bad experiences usually trump the good, I have since been back to the wash and will return whenever I need a quick outside wash, apparently there is a way to opt out of the additional prepay wash, I just was unable to find that button!
5	AWESOME PLACE! My car looks better coming out of this place than A professional car wash wash. They give a free wipe to clean the inside of your car. They give an air freshened and the vacuums are free. Such a cool place. LOVE. LOVE. LOVE.
5	Best car wash in town! Super friendly staff and very helpful. Glad this place is so close to my apartment!
