5	Best Bagel Ever!!!!Too bad you can't find these kind of bagels in the state!The bagels in Quebec taste totally different than the ones from the state.So damn good!
3	I agree with the previous Yelper that Montreal bagels are amazing, but I'm of the opinion that R.E.A.L. Bagels are even better than St-Viateur.  The food here was ok... decent breakfast, but nothing amazing.
4	I've been a fan of St. Viateur bagels since way back, but until recently had never dined in. So, here's the deal. The sandwiches are a bit overpriced at around $10 (especially considering the cost of an individual bagel) but if you get a bagel with a spread, it's a decent deal. I had the salmon spread with a side of avocado and an extra bagel for about $8. The spreads come with fruit, which in this case was two pieces of melon. My only complaint is that my avocado wasn't as fresh as it could have been, and one part of it was brown and inedible, but I had so much spread leftover that I wasn't overly concerned. Other than that, the food came fast and I'd eat in again.Of course on my way out I had to grab a dozen bagels for the road. You can also buy cream cheese and smoked salmon to go, perfect for a picnic!
3	We were looking for a Montreal Bagel and a salad and we were very happy with what we found at St-Viateur. I ordered the Greek Salad with poppy seed bagel. the salad was huge...a mountain of tomatoes, yellow peppers, onions and olives, with massive triangles of feta cheese were delivered to the table in a matter of minutes after ordering.The salad came with "bagel chips" I wasn't entirely sure what that meant ...so i ordered a bagel on the side. Bagel chips, i will tell you are basically an over toasted bagel served cold and very crunch!  I am glad i had my side order of freshly toasted delicious bagel!food...good, service...good, price ...not so much...it was a little over priced but 2 outta 3 aint bad! :)
2	I visited the Monkland store with two ladies, age 91 and 89. The three of us were uncomfortably squeezed into a table for two, at the last table near the kitchen entrance. I asked to change tables to one that sat three comfortably, and was told that if we wanted another table we would have to get back into line. Not only get back into line, but go to the END of the line. Did I say that my two companions were 91and 89?Food was okay, nothing great. But man, the service and attitude.
5	Great breakfast!  Bagels are awesome, hot and fresh.  All breakfasts come with bagels instead of your traditional toast...(if you call toast traditional I guess...)  Good portions, nice presentation and good atmosphere in Monkland Village.Take out is also great, they have salmon and cream cheese available for take out as well so it's a one stop shop.
5	Ok, so the 5 star rating is for the bagels, as I haven't tried out the cafe (which looked cute). Of course if you have never had a Montreal bagel in your life, prepare for your life to change for the better. No more of those shiny, poopy, dried out american bagels...nope no thanks!The cafe has its own brick oven in the back where you go to order your bagels; poppy, sesame or everything. I got 2 doz of sesame and everything and then split a warm bagel with a friend and went to heaven.They have a refrigerator next to where you order stocked full of spreads, cheeses and butters for your lovely Montreal bagels.
5	Absolument tout sur le menu est un vrai delice!!!!! Seul petit probleme, il y a toujours trops de monde., mais ca vaut la peine d'attendre!!!
4	Good place for brunch and I can consider it very cheap comparing to other brunch restaurant. The portion was generous and off course the taste was amazing. Unfortunately, it's not a place for big family or to hang out since it's very busy and many lines-up. Don't forget to have the bagel to go.
4	I love Montral bagels - not because I'm from Montreal but simply because they are so damn good. Really just two Montreal bagel shops that are relevant: 1) St. Viateur and 2) Fairmount. My preferred bagel maker has always been St Viateur.This is the second location of the original store on St. Viateur street. Like many former Montrealer's, I always stop to get a few dozen bagels to bring back to Toronto (Toronto Bagels bite!). This NDG location makes my Montreal last stop purchase easier - you can quickly hop on the 20 and head to the 401 (with the car smelling like fresh bagels).They have a nice large patio in the front of the store but it's always busy and theres a constant flow Bagel buyers throughout the day. If you get there and the bagels just came out of the oven, you must eat one immediately as this is the best they will ever taste.You can get a dozen bagels for $7.50 (as at June 2013). They also sells cream cheese etc. for your bagel eating needs. Best bagels ever - a must when your in Montreal. Tip - there is a Starbucks one block over on Monkland to enjoy with your hot bagels.BK
5	My wife's family is from Canada.  Her grandfather still lives in Montreal.  My wife has fond memories of visiting her grandparents, and she constantly raves about Montreal bagels.  So, Montreal was a must on our trip to the Northeast, and finding a good place to buy bagels was a very high priority.This St-Viateur is sort of in the suburbs of Montreal, but it was close to where we were staying so it was a good choice for us.  In addtiion to the bagel bakery, they have a nice restaurant.  We ate breakfast here two days in a row, so I have to say it has my stamp of approval.Motreal bagels are different from just about any other bagels I have tried.  The biggest difference probably that they bake them in wood fired brick ovens.  This gives the bagels a bit crispier outside.  Also, they don't seem to be quite as doughy.  They basically come three ways - plain, poppy seed, and sesame seed.  Whatever flavor you choose, they are delicious.Breakfast here was very good.  The coffee and tea were high quality.  The egg dishes were well prepared and tasty, but the star of every dish was the bagel.  Service was also excellent with each request addressed promptly.We bought two dozen bagels to go for the remainder of our trip.  We should have gotten three or even four dozen because the eight of us went through the two dozen in about three days.  For an excellent version of unique Montreal bagels, St-Viateur's is a great place to go.  Highly recommended.
5	I love St-Viateur. The bagels are the best in MTL, coffee is free with breaky, and the portions are large. It's not that expensive compared to most brunch places and you won't leave feeling ripped off.I love the smile breakfast, served with an all-dressed bagel. I'm always stuffed after finishing it.The staff are very friendly and always love to share a laugh with my little boy =PYou can also pick up some bagels around the counter area and get it to go with some cream cheese. Makes for a lovely breakfast at home.
5	5 stars for sure!!!! I don`t normally like bagels but this place made me fall in love with bagels and have them every morning for over 6 months straight!!!! You can take out fresh bagels out of the oven or enjoy a good soup and bagel sandwich
5	Wow... there is nothing like a perfect breakfast with a perfect bagel. Recommended!
4	I know there's an ongoing debate between who makes the best bagels - Fairmount or St. Viateur? As far as I'm concerned, these guys win, hands down. Location: The heart of Monkland village.Bagels: If you're not in the mood to grab breakfast here, then head straight for the back where men sporting white aprons make these awesome bagels on site. You can order, plain, sesame, poppy seed, all dressed, cinnamon & raisin etc. A dozen will run you $7.50 (the 'specialty types like cinnamon & raisin go for $9.60) and if you stop in at the right time, you'll be getting those bagels fresh out of the wood-burning oven. HELLO! The guys even cater to my OCD need for 'light' bagels and handpick them for me when prepping my dozen. Love it.Eating: I usually go for breakfast and it's pretty decent. The portions are pretty good for the money and I've never left there feeling hungry. Of course, every plate comes with your choice of bagel - like you had to ask! they offer a great variety of eats that will satisfy everyone. If you go on a weekend, plan to go early or expect to wait for a table. It's a pretty popular breakfast place. Service: It's OK but I think it depends when you go. I've had great service, but I've also had mediocre service. Regardless, I'll still go just for the bagels!
5	I absolutely love this place. It's always busy but I've never had to wait too long for a table. The food is great and the portions are perfect. Everything on the menu is good and the bagels are always fresh.
4	The service was good, if you're going to eat outside in the fall/winter, bring a sweater because its kind of annoying to eat with your winter coat. The food is great, really good and fresh bagels and cream cheese. I ordered a omelette with a raisin bagel but i got a sesame bagel. I din't make a fuss about it and i ate the sesame, it was good as well. Overall the food is great but 40$ for 1 omelette/bagel and a morning bagel is a bit expensive
4	Delicious and accessible, I come to this place practically every time I visit Montreal. Though the lines get long after 11 it is with good reason: the bagels are baked fresh in a huge oven, and emerge thin, doughy and just a little chewy. Service is consistently good, and the coffee is refilled before you can finish a cup. The bagel toppings, eggs, bacon and sides lack creativity, but the ingredients are of high quality, and highlight the main reason you came to St. Viateur in the first place.
