3	I had been excited for the opening of the new Baja Fresh in this area because Baja Fresh is good, and this location is close to my office.  Upon entering I noticed that the place it tiny, hence the "express" addition to the title.  It has a dining area, but appears to be set up mostly for take out.  The menu is an abbreviated version of the larger locations, but still has tacos, burritos, nachos, etc..The only drawback to this location is the lack of a salsa bar, however all of the salsas are available at the counter when ordering.  I hope they run some specials too, because it is hard to pay $2.65 for a small taco, even if it is a good steak taco.Overall, I am glad the place is here, and will occasionally grab lunch.  It is next to a Smashburger, Port of Subs, and Panda Express, which are all  good choices for fast food in comparison to some other places.
1	I got a baja burrito and tortilla was overdone and the steak was cold. Girl behind the counter was very nice, but not real bright.  I asked her what time they closed and she had no clue.  I think she was too busy flirting with the cook to really give a sh__.
3	With Chipotle in the world, I don't think I could give any Baja Fresh better than 3 (average) stars.  This one tends to be very hot inside the dining room due to its Western exposure and large gas grills.  Other than that, it is exactly what you expect from a Baja Fresh Express.
1	This was my first and probably my last experience at Baja Fresh!... I was in downtown Tempe (ASU area) for a conference and thought I would try it out. I was hoping for a little upscale version of "Rubio's Mexican Grill" what I got was more like a very cramped overpriced version of "Taco Bell".  In spite of the disappointment stated I would have given this establishment 3 stars simply because the food wasn't terrible; however because the strong odor of rancid grease permeating the dining-room left me no choice but to eat outside with bee's that would not stop trying to share my lunch, I believe I must give this place just 1 star.
1	Closed!
