3	The first and second time I was here in the lounge (this is the DOMESTIC one near gate 2), it was quiet and peaceful. The third time, it was a madhouse of screaming children that were out of control and their parents didn't care. WTF, folks?Like most non-American lounges, the booze is self-serve with a cooler of canned sodas. Food is decent, with a platter of hummus and toasted pita breads, veggies for dipping, salsa and chips and olives. Plus two different soups with fresh sliced baguettes for dipping. Great!Internet service is free and it worked well.Air Canada: Either your lounge attendant needs to tell parents to have their kids STFU or you should add a room for families. I pay extra for this lounge access and if I wanted to spend the time listening to these rugrats, I'd just go into the terminal!
4	Love the help yourself bar. Guiniess on tap is awesome. Food is healthy and light. Soup always available, never that good but the French bread and butter take it up two notches. I have to agree with the Bruce K. kids do seem to run wild here. I am happy to say during my visit they were not American.  Service is friendly, lots of AC plugs and free and easy WiFi. On the top end of the pier.
3	All of the lounges in Canada are ok. I love the fact that you can grab a few free magazines, a free drink and a nice at your own disposal. I would like to say however, as a Star Alliance Elite member, that there are so many better lounges across Europe that offer better food. This year the Maple Leaf Lounge added hummus and pita, which is nice but still relatively cheap to make (or to plate, as I am sure its all pre-made anyways). In the end this is the only place where you can have a snack, and a drink for free so I guess you can really complain now can you. If you have a pass to go in, make sure you do, if you don't find someone that does its great to kill some time. I would also add that they have decent wines, so if you like wine tasting the ones they have on hand is always a good idea.
4	I adore the Maple Leaf Lounge: hot soup (or oatmeal for those zero dark stupid flights), other tasty treats, comfy leather chairs, free wi-fi, quiet, looking at planes and free pouring the booze of my choice...what's not to love? Almost makes me glad to not have a life and instead spend my time travelling for work.Unlike most of the reviewers, I do not pay for lounge access given that I have airline status, so I am not as cranky about noise (there are designated business areas where there are no kids, cell phones or people watching Youtube videos sans earphones)...just walk around the corner and you'll see this area.The MLL is not as nice as the Star Alliances lounges in Europe or Asia, but for North America, it's the best we've got!
4	Good food, good internet, quiet.  What else can you ask for in a lounge.  Much better than most U.S. Carrier domestic lounges.
3	3.5 stars.Like others say, it's better than airline lounges in US in terms of food and beverage offering. Cookies, cheese, some vegetable/hummus/cold pasta salad, cous cous and spring rolls and mini quiche. And full bar with wine, liquors and beverage. Also soup...Sitting area can get crowded and it's closed after morning around 10:30 am and re-open at 2:30 pm.  Well.. better than sitting in the hallway..
5	Two stories of endless fun. Large, decent alcohol, and decent food. An airport with fresh poutine! What more can you ask for?
3	A little more crowded than usual and bathroom showed signs of recent neglect; still a decent food offering and comfortable seating.  Fire extinguisher obstructed; but I'm a safety guy, so these are the things I notice...
4	There are three Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounges at Montreal Trudeau Airport (Domestic, Trans-border and International). This review is for the Air Canada Maple Leaf Trans-border Lounge located airside near gate 75.Open to Star Alliance premium class passengers, Star Alliance Gold card holders and Maple Leaf Club members, the Air Canada Maple Leaf Trans-border Lounge is small but offers a decent place to eat, relax and be productive before your flight. Because these flights arrive into the United States as domestic flights, you must clear through US Customs and Immigration control in order to access the trans-border gates. The lounge is open from 5:00 AM to 7:30 PM daily.  Priority Pass members can only access the National Bank World Lounge located near gate 52 of the international departures area if you are traveling internationally. And because this is the only Star Alliance Lounge in the trans-border area, it can get crowded, loud and busy at peak times.  Like I said earlier, this is a small lounge but it's actually very clean, beautiful and modern. The focal point of the lounge is this beautiful open-ended fireplace located in the center of the lounge. There is one wall of windows that allows a ton of natural light in. It's bright, airy and has views of the boarding gates. There is no separate area for first class passengers but I don't think there are any flights with first class cabins departing from the trans-border gates.The lounge is long and narrow and the seating area is mainly along the windows facing the boarding gates. There are a variety of seating options but none of them include loungers, recliners or anything that you could sleep on. There is a small work area with individual cubicles if you need to stay productive. WiFi was provided throughout the lounge and there are plenty of power outlets to keep your devices charged.  There's a food station with a pretty decent offering of soups, salads (kale, pasta, quinoa, etc.), fruits, cheese/crackers, cookies and pastries. There's also a fridge with beers and juices, soda fountain, coffee/cappuccino machine and a self-serve bar with a sizable selection of alcohol. Flight information boards were displayed in the front of the lounge and you had to monitor them yourselves because they did not make any gate or boarding announcements. Other amenities included printers, PC workstations, newspaper and magazines. There were no shower rooms here.The lounge was kept clean and there were employees constantly cleaning, busing dishes and refilling the food counter.Overall, this lounge was pretty nice. It was small and crowded but definitely better than the Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge at CDG or any domestic US based airline lounge that I have ever visited.
