5	I purchased a deal through Half Off Depot for cleaning of 3 rooms.  These guys are the REAL DEAL!  They arrived on time and did a FANTASTIC job!  My 2 bedrooms and stairs looked amazing!  They made sure my house was protected from the hoses and they took extra time to talk to me about what I wanted and needed done.  VERY impressed!  Try them out you will NOT be disappointed!
1	Awful!!!! Phil, the associate who cleaned my carpets told me he would have to take my large area rugs outside to wash them.... It was raining. I never had a company have to remove large area rugs to clean them so I decided to have him do the upstairs instead. When I went upstairs a few hours later, when my carpets were "dry enough for me to walk on", I noticed my brand new white sapphire earrings were gone. Phil ignored my calls all night and morning and finally answered me via text message. After hours of going back and forth via text with the "owner", who by the way IS Phil pretending to be someone else, they admitted to taking the jewelry and retuned it on my front porch. Crazy, I know. I have a police report number and let half off depot and groupon know of this issue. Do not use them. If they stole from me, right off my bathroom counter, what else could they have taken?! Buyer beware!!!!
1	I bought a half off depot coupon to get my carpets cleaned by Carolina pristine. When the associate came out to clean the carpets, I also paid an extra $45 to have spots on the carpet removed. He told me that the spots could possibly resurface and he would come back if they did and try to treat them. The stains came back (one DOUBLE the size). During a week and a half period I called the company three times and never received a return phone call. The owner, Josh, emailed me back and told me there is nothing they could do, they don't come back out and he was sorry I was dissatisfied and "best regards". I will never use this company again because of their terrible customer service and their unsatisfactory cleaning job. Would never recommend their services to anyone.
5	Did a great job cleaning our guest room carpet - our dog used it for potty training a few times & you would never know - thanks so much!!!
1	I could not tell my carpets had even been cleaned. Have never had such poor results before. Disappointed and complaints to Josh got no results. I asked him to send someone out to look at my carpets. He said he could not do this and he was sure that my carpets were cleaner. Cleaner, yes. Cleaned as well as they should have been? No.
