2	I started laser hair removal service in 2005 starting with underarms and eventually opted for full legs. I did the breakeven analysis on expensive razor blades with the cost of service and it definitely was worthwhile. When I first bought my package, ALC had a great guarantee that you could keep coming until you had full hair loss. They have revised that policy so now I think you only get 2 years of service and then you have to pay for maintenance service which I think is lame.First of all, let me say that not everyone is a candidate; if you have dark skin or light hair, you will not see great results because the laser is attracted to pigment. but I thought I'd be a good candidate because I'm super pale and have darkish hair on my lower legs and underarms at least (I probably should have skipped thighs as they have fine blonde hairs). I saw mixed results. My underarms didn't work well at all- maybe 30% reduction and I had 4 years of treatment. Lower legs did much better- more like 90% reduction but I do still have to shave. Upper leg area, not so much. 10%?  Back when the economy was booming it was impossible to get appointments on weekends/evenings if you work, so sometimes that would space out my appointments longer then expected which could have contributed to less hair loss. It really annoys me when I see stay at home moms steal Saturday appointments. I guess it's nice they have any weekend appointments because that wouldn't have been an option with say a dermatologist.My other complaint is that the company does not treat their employees very well, so there is very high turnover. That's a bad thing when you're doing very personal service where you're hanging with this person for an hour in your bra and undies (or less). Ideally when you've got your junk hangin' out, you'd like to have the same person you have a good rapport and trust level with. But I probably had 10 or so technicians during my time.
2	I'm going to agree with Jules here. I've been going to ALC for a couple of years for hair removal (bikini and underarm) and microderms. Not too impressed with results or service. Overall the center is clean, there is plenty of parking and it's conveniently located in Cotswold. Here's an overview of my experience:When I originally booked, they mentioned that it would take 6 treatments to get rid of all of my hair. It's now been over two years, and being not a very hairy person, I'm shocked that without missing an eight week appointment in all that time, I've still got hair growing. And the microderms went from a 45 minute appointment to 20 minutes, with the removal of the masks and lovely hand massage you used to get. Good thing I got mine during the buy one/get one deal, but still - $50 for a 20 minute service? Come on, ALC.  The turnover is astonishing at this place. I've probably seen 10-12 different people, all who handle the services differently. And when you're showing off your nether regions, you'd prefer some consistency! And they've messed up my appointments three times; if I didn't live a mile away I would have been really ticked at this inconvenience. With the prices I've paid, I'm going to finish out my service and not be back. Recommend you check out a dermatologist office or plastic surgery center for hair removal/microderms; you may see better results with doctors running the show.
1	I have to now drop American Laser Center down to one star due to the ridiculous experience I had today. If I could give them no stars I would. I've been going since February of 2008 and although they said 6 treatments would rid me of all my bikini and underarm hair, I'm still having to go in every 8 weeks. When I went in today they tried to charge me $50 since I've been going for over 3 years. What a racket. I refuse to pay even more money for a treatment that they did not complete as promised. That said, I DO NOT recommend that you go to ALC and am looking into other options now to finalize the treatment that they promised.
5	Thank you American Laser Center in Cotswold! I am extremely happy with the results from my Velasmooth Laser treatments to my abdomen. I have always had difficulty loosing a little weight around my belly and love handles. After my 4th session I can really see remarkable results. The therapists have a wonderful bedside manner. The facility is clean and very professional.
