5	I'm a Las Vegas local who have seen many shows up and down the strip ranging from Cirque to many musical reviews.  I've got to be honest, I walked in the Shimmer Cabaret expecting an opera style show but I was floored with the experience.  They sang  opera, oldies, country, in English, in Italian (I think lol), show tunes, Elvis, Patriotic medley and even Areola (that's a blend of Aria and rock and rolla bwahahahahaha!)  I'm sure I missed other types of genre they covered but what I can add is that my kids and I were brought to our feet rocking out and applauding in amazement from their wide vocal range and vast collection of styles.  I guess you can see a boring show with no variety but why when you can see a hundred shows all in one?  This is a must see show at the LVH, but don't take my word for it, go see for yourself. It's like a good roller coaster ride, I can't wait to go again!
5	When you think of the word "Tenors" the first thing that comes to mind is opera. For these guys, you are only partially right. Located inside the Shimmer Cabaret which is a part of the LVH Casino, I took my family and some friends to this show expecting nothing but opera songs. What we got was way more than pleasantly expected.From the very first minute these guys came on stage they were crooning out tunes from tv shows, songs from the 60's, 70's' 80's, and yes of course broadway opera songs. I want to point out the fact that these guys came from totally different backgrounds and genre's. When they sing together its like going to your favorite restaurant, ordering something completely different that you never had before and discovering that it was awesome!I will be the first to admit that I am not one for opera but was willing to check these guys out since my wife was a fan of opera. Turns out the whole family not just became fans of it, but became fans of these guys in general regardless if they sang opera or not. Individually when any one of these guys sing, they have their own style and flare about them. When they sing together, it all sounds so crisp and clean with the harmony that they have. For now they are singing to instrumentals and they already sound great. They said later on down the road they are hoping on getting a live band to play behind them. I can only imagine just how much more awesome they will sound with that! Nothing beats a live band!After the show they hang out in the lobby for photo ops and just overall mingling. They also have CD's available for purchase just in case you want to listen to more of their dynamics. All 3 of these guys are very friendly and very appreciative that you would take the time out to watch them in action. They are as humble as they are talented.So in closing, describing these guys just will not do any justice in comparison to seeing them live doing their thing. I am already planning on seeing them again and bringing others with me!Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #152 "It's not what you think"
5	What a great show! I can't believe these guys aren't at a bigger venue here in Las Vegas. In fact, you should catch them here at this smaller venue while you can. Their talent is sure to bring them to a bigger (and more expensive) stage. From rock to R&B to country to opera, these three voices soar to heights deserving of the standing ovation they received tonight. If you don't enjoy this show you are tone deaf or dead. Best deal in Vegas right now!
5	Awesome show! Great variety and fun set list. From classical to Blues, Rock and Jazz, we had a fun night in the intimate Shimmer Showroom
5	We went to see the Las Vegas Tenors on July 10, 2014 for the first time.  I must say, I was not sure I wanted to go, but I'm glad I did.  They sang every type of song and the whole show was upbeat.  It was a good time and we all enjoyed the show and would recommend it to any one.  It is at the WestGate Hotel and Casino, which is the old LVH Hotel & Casino.
5	Had a great time seeing the Las Vegas Tenors tonight. Really great voices from these 3 guys and the show was more than I had hoped for! They sang everything from every genre and were really impressive. This is a hidden gem in Vegas and at a really affordable price. Definitely recommend going when you are in Vegas.
5	The Las Vegas Tenors are an excellent example of beautiful harmony blending old and new favorites!  The show is very well put together, and everyone has a great time.....including the singers!A must see show while visiting Las Vegas, you won't be disappointed!
5	I went to see this concert on Wednesday evening and it was just fabulous I recommend everybody take the time buy your tickets to go see this show
5	Loved this show!  We decided to see the guys perform on our 22nd wedding anniversary and the show was a hit!  The guys are talented, both individually and collectively!  I like the venue.  It is small enough so that you feel like you are up close and personal with the performers and they have a great staff!  This show is fine for all ages and the music selections are diverse.  Enjoy!!!
5	Absolutely amazing!!!
5	Great show. These guys won the crowd over with their music from many genres. Staff thanks you for coming, and the Tenors "meet and greet" after. "Go!"
5	This was a great show ! I highly recommend going. I took my family from out of town and they highly enjoyed the show. We were all very impressed. Be prepared for a huge range both with vocal talent and with music genres.  There is something for everyone!!
5	Loved the show last night! Such great talent! The sound blend was phenomial and the selection was classical , rock, country, etc. Their re - arrangements of some old favorites is amazing!
