4	Vincent does THE BEST pink and white sets.If you need your nails to look absolutely perfect.  See Vincent.  He's often busy so it might be difficult to just walk in for a whole new set with him.  But you can call and make an appt.When he does my nails... they look PERFECT for at least 3 weeks.  They don't lift or chip or crack or anything.I also get my pedicures here too... all of them do a wonderful job!  I don't play favorites with them because they all give great leg massages and are so nice and friendly. They also have other services like waxing, eyelash extensions.
1	NAIL FUNGUS NAIL FUNGUS NAIL FUNGUS NAIL FUNGUS NAIL FUNGUS. I had acrylics done every 2-3 weeks here. When my nails started to BURN , i asked the owner to take them off. They used a bowl of acetone to soak them off. Then, they secretly took the bowl of acetone and DUMPED IT IN THE STREET. Like it was INFECTIOUS! I confronted him 3 months after i STILL had this PAINFUL yellow infection under my nails. He demanded  I was just "ALLERGIC TO ACRYLIC" .... allergic, yes after 3 months, i am "still having an allergic reaction." AFTER A YEAR ( it has been a year) I am writing this... STILL HAVE NAIL FUNGUS. Took antibotics ( lamisil) for 45 days. Its not cheap. And it destroys the liver. Dont know what to do about this. Just filled another 60 days worth... JUST PLEASE... DONT GO HERE! ( unless you want nail fungus)
1	This place was dirty, pedicure tubs filthy, nail stations with previous clients nail clippings....FILTHY! Also, I got gels there, and when I went back to my regular lady, she had to pretty much remove my natural nails to get off the previous junk that was placed on me!
5	I love this place!!! I love the sense of urgency they give me when I walk in. They know what I like and they are so friendly. I have been going to this nail salon for almost 6 years and I find that they give the best service. Vincent and Lily are so sweet and so are the other staff. They are like family there and they really pay attention to what your needs are. I can say that I use to go to random nail salons around town depending what day I feel like getting my nails done and the time. I was hooked when I found this place and I never cheated.    I drive quite a bit to get my nails done here at Signature nails, but I like the service they give me and their politeness, which I didn't get from others. So the drive is never a problem. Its great to get service done with well trained, well-mannered employees.
5	They are the best in Henderson. Always love my pedicure and waxing is awesome.  Yes they talk in their language but they have learned english and speak very respectfully . They are super nice.  I only like to visit this salon  have been going for the last 6 months . Never had a problem with fungus. It is family run I think . I bring all my friends  here. Well priced too
5	Clean, courteous, helpful... Live this place and you don't need an appt!! What a plus!
5	I've been going here for years now.... I bring my mom and my guy! They always take care if us and its always perfect!!! I'd send anyone here!!! Horizon ridge location
5	I only come here to see Jet! He's been doing my nails for years and i love him because he puts so much effort into the details that my pedicure will last a month!  Ask for him when you come!
5	My mom has done nails for 20+ years and this is honestly the only place I would go besides her. Vincent is the absolute best and I also hear the same thing about Lily! Professional quality and service with great prices!!!
5	After moving to Vegas and leaving my nail girl of 10 years, I found it very difficult to find her quality of nails I was accustomed too.7 nail salons and 2 years later, I found Signature Nails and Spa. Lilly and Vince are detail orientied, friendly and overall quality business owners. Doing right by your client is key. They are the best. Highly recommended and will continue to brag about where I go :)
1	Went today and had my eyebrows/lip waxed. I maintain my eyebrows at home and they are arched and when they get a bit overgrown sometimes I go to a salon for a wax. Unfortunately this wax completely ruined the shape even though I described very well how I arch them and looking at them its very easy to tell. They look terrible now, thin and she left a bunch of hairs on the outsides and the middle. Don't get your eyebrows done here!!! Expensive too. $19 for a crappy job.
5	I moved from the East Coast using the same nail technician for over 15 years.  After moving to Las Vegas/Henderson area over 4 years ago I tried many different nail salons and was not a satisfied customer, for one reason or another.  I had stopped a woman in a local store regarding her beautiful "pink & whites" and asked her for a recommendation. She suggested Signature Nails. I called, made an appointment & have been a regular client for just about 3 years now. I'm extremely picky about professionalism, courtesy, cleanliness, and expertise in the field of the service I am having.   Vince is outstanding for doing my nails, Lily usually does my pedicures and is extremely detailed orientated.  Over the years, I have had a pedicure by everyone on Vince's team, and I have never had an issue. I have also had waxing done and they do a fantastic job. To be repetitive, this shop is professional, courteous, detail orientated, clean and has met my expectations every time. My suggestion is to make an appointment, as they are so good they get quite busy at times. My recommendation, it's worth the drive!!!!!
5	ABSOLUTELY amazing salon! Clean, friendly,  affordable. .. and the work is beautiful... will definately be back. A+++
2	I have been going to this place on and off for a year now and, have never had a problem. Until this past weekend it was my 21st birthday and, wanted a full set of matte red and black. While doing them Vincent (the owner) got up three times and walked away without saying anything and had some girl finish them and the gel wasn't dry and she had me leave. Called 30 minutes alter, and said some of my nails are not dry and they got messed up. They told me come In Saturday we will fix them. I come in saturday. Waited 40 minutes to be seen. Got seen by two women because there English was so bad that they had no idea what I was saying. They where rough , one chipped my nail the other put a top coat because she, didn't think they did that and ruined the matte color. After she chipped my nail she took a, different client with me sitting there not knowing what to do I asked, someone else is she finished ? She just chipped my nail. He called the owner and promised me a fix and a new color , when the owner showed up he told me off that that was the color I chose , I said your girls where rude and ruined my nails that I payed 50$ for he said too bad I can't help you! Very calm I told him you just lost a, customer and I can't believe all these, people are, still sitting here watching you treat your customer like this. He said oh well not my problem . I will never return to this place again , pictures to be shown!
4	I literally drove around town looking for a place to get my nails done. I went to 3 salons before signature nails and showed them a picture of what I wanted. The first 2 places told me they couldn't do it & the 3rd wanted $70 for it! $70?!????? Finally I went to signature nails, I walked in and was greeted right away. Showed them the picture they said they could do it for 35! Way more reasonable. And lily did a perfect job. Identical to the picture and she was so nice! I will def go back !
1	$15 for an acrylic fill and charged me $20. I asked why and the lady (Lily)who was doing my nails said they charge extra for long nails. I have just a bit longer than average nails with no extra work involved and very little shaping needed. UNBELIEVABLE! I've been getting my nails done for 30 years and this is the first time I've ever heard such a thing. I won't be coming back.
