5	Visiting vegas and having all sorts of buffets, sandwiches, burgers, steaks, prime rib, crab legs, a Thai person like me is bound to have THAI FOOD deficiency. We found Weera Thai (former Royal Thai restaurant) just off the beaten pass of your Asian food street of Spring Mountain. Being off another street might be a better thing since this place doesn't have to fight with the other Thai restaurants.Check this place out. The decor is nice, the bathrooms are actually clean, the service was pleasant and there was plenty of parking. Weera Thai also looked "family owned" which is another plus since apparently the father came out and checked on the customers and also cooked the food (please see pictures of some of the stuff we ordered). Authentic Thai in my books. The food was pretty tasty, they have good Issan (NE Thailand) specialities and a big lunch special menu. Some of the dishes were written in English, so if you don't know what the dish is called in English, ask the server. They have homemade Thai desserts too. BTW...a group of gals came in (about 7 of them) looking like they were hungover but still looking good. They missed out though cause they walked in sat down and then left. Apparently they were looking for PHO NOODLES. Sorry..wrong restaurant!!I don't give too many Thai restaurants 5-stars just because I may be more picky when it comes to Thai food. But this place was good. Keep up the good work since you're a new restaurant...
2	Weera is the epitome of badly Americanized Thai food, at least as far as their curry goes.  I was hopeful after calling them up and asking them if their recipes were different from Royal Thai.  Royal Thai also had pretty lame curry, so I was excited to give Weera a try.I ordered the duck curry.  It was listed on a sign outside as a "special" dish.  It looked nice and red and yummy on the sign.  When I got my duck curry, the look alone had me concerned.  It was a light custardy color.  The taste... bland as hell.  I've never had such a bland curry before.  Yeah, the waitress forgot to ask me what spice level I wanted, but this was just ridiculous.  The other ingredients weren't bad, although they added little cherry tomatoes to try and boost the flavorless curry.  The duck was ok, and the veggies were fresh.  This fact didn't help me enjoy my curry though, unfortunately.The first time the waitress asked me if everything was ok, I said yes, but I think she sensed something was wrong after I stopped eating.  She asked again, and this time I decided to give them a second chance.  I let her know that the curry was very weak.  She smiled and gladly took my plate back for a second try.  At least the service was very friendly.  When I got my curry back, it was heavier, not much spicier (as she promised it would be), greasier and saltier.  There was indeed more taste to it, but it was the average Americanized curry that really wasn't that good.I wish I could muster up the ambition to come back to Weera and try other dishes. However, with so many other better Thai restaurants in town, including Thai Restaurant @ Sahara that's just in the next-door parking lot, I don't think I will be able to.
3	I was invited to come back to Weera to give them a second try.  This time I brought a friend who also has a taste for Thai food.  We ordered the Panang with chicken, the larb pei (larb with duck), tom kha khi, and retried the duck curry.  I am very pleased to say that Weera has definitely made some changes, and for the better!  I would give them about a 3.5, and possibly will give them a 4 later on.  The panang was slightly sweet, but not too much for most people.  If you dislike sweet panang, you may want to order it without added sugar.  The flavor was interesting, and a little bit unique.  Although it isn't the best I have had, I enjoyed it.  The chicken was nicely prepared and tender.  The larb pei was a dish I haven't had before.  It is basically a larb with a lightly sauced duck.  My friend said that it was too gamy tasting for him, but he also said it was just one particular piece of the meat that was like that.  I enjoyed it, but I am a duck lover when it comes to Thai food.  To me, it had a light taste.  I enjoyed it by lightly covering my steamed rice with it.  I also put a little panang on it, and it seemed to pair pretty well.  The tom kha khi wasn't my favorite, but it was a little unique compared to other places around town.  They put lightly flavored white onions, tomato pieces, plus the usual galanga, lots of lemon grass, etc.  The chicken was nicely prepared as well.  It had lots and lots of fillers in the soup.  I asked for it extra sour, which turned out nice.  It was very spicy.  My only complaint, and I explained this to the new owner, was that it wasn't creamy enough for my taste.  The duck curry, I am happy to say, was much better than before.  They said that they took my previous review to heart, and decided to start preparing their curries the way they do it in Thailand, meaning that instead of asking people what heat level they want (light spice ruins curry), they make the curry spicy enough to make the dish tasty, and ask customers to add chili on their own.  I added chili, and this really made the curry taste great.  While this isn't the best curry in town, it was enjoyable.  I will definitely be returning to Weera, and I look forward to trying other dishes here.  If I stay happy, this could easily turn into a 4 star review!
5	This Weera Thai is my favorite restaurant!! My favorite dishes are Duck Curry, Tom Zap Moo, and Thai omelet.The Duck Curry is very good and cheap (compares to Krung Siam). They will ask how spicy you want ( number from 1 - 5 ) so make sure that you chose the right number :) Tom Zap Moo is E-San food. When I first got here (I'm from Kansas), I ordered this dish and I was very amazed because the food was GREAT!! I thought I was actually in Thailand. You guys should try this one! Thai omelet. The omelet was very crispy. It comes with Thai hot sauce. You dip the omelet on the sauce and eat it with the rice.I really LOVE this Restaurant. The owner and waiters are friendly. They have a very good service. Every times I come to this restaurant I feel like I was actually in Thailand. PS. if you want to have REAL Thai food, you must come to this restaurant.well, I would say This is the best Thai restaurant in Town!!
4	This restaurant was originally Royal Thai, but they recently changed owners and cooks. The decor was decent, with my only complaint being a few antique American posters around the room under all the Thai decorations. They do have excellent service as they are extremely attentive and polite. I think their specialty is duck items, and I do agree. Their Laab was tasty and savory without being too herby. We also had Pad Thai and Pad Se-ew, which was also also good without being too salty and too sweet (for the Pad Thai). We also ordered 2 Tom Yum dishes: (1) seafood (2) pork ribs(? - can't remember.. some type of pork bone). In terms of favorite dish, I would go with the pork ribs tom yum because I prefer my dishes sour and I don't really prefer tomatoes, which make soups slightly sweet. In fact, we liked the pork ribs tom yum so much, we ordered another! :D The seafood tom yum was still okay though, just not suited for my tastes. A fair warning though; the preparations are Thai in custom, so they leave inedible herbs in the soup to maintain authenticity. You will know they are inedible because they are really chewy; I would just scoop it out. The great thing is, they do allow you to change the level of spiciness. I believe there are 5 levels you can choose from, depending on how hot you can handle the food. Finally, the famous Thai tea. I have to say, it was fine to me, but I have a sweet tooth, so this tea may be too sweet for the average person. However, I've had teas that are just too strong in tea level, and this one was just fine.All in all, great job so far. If I were them, I would make new take-out menus soon and change the front of the restaurant to get rid of the "Royal Thai" name and put in Weera Thai so people do not get confused.
4	A really good secret....Hands down they have some really great food! It is inconspicuously located in a strip mall on Sahara, so you can easily pass right by it.  Anything you get on this menu is guaranteed to be delicious you can't go wrong....the staff is also very humbled and gracious to be of service.  Pricing is reasonable, I just wish the portions were a little bigger.
4	Yelp convinced me to try it.  Just as good as the Noodle House and more decorated.  Pad See Ew noodles were best entree we had.  Not all thai restaurants have green papaya salad so this suggests more authentic cuisine...the papaya salad was good too.  Ultimate test though was that both of my kids liked the food!
1	This used to be royal Thai then they changed management. This is right across the street from our job and used to frequent here. Ever since the change they must've also changed the quality of the meat. One word: HORRIBLE!!!!!! We refuse to eat here anymore!!! We gave it the benefit of the doubt we all ordered at least twice, ugh gross. Go down the street to Thai express.
5	This is a great place. I'm visiting from the SF Bay Area and it's as good as any Thai place there. The food came quickly, brought by an attentive waitress. Not only was she attentive, she made sure we got the right heat on our dishes. Between the two of us is we tried 4 entries and 8 apps.I liked the food so much we were there twice. Don't miss this place!!
5	This is the second time that I have been to Weera Thai Restaurant and both were for lunch.  The place sits in a run down strip mall, but that should not be a deterrent from visiting.  The place is very clean inside and the service that you get is second to none.Within seconds of entering the place you're greeted by the staff and they ask you to make yourself comfortable.  You're imediately given menu's and drink orders are taken.  From that time on, your drinks are never left to go empty.The menu is pretty good and has a vast array of options to choose from, as well as the typical adjustments for spiciness, if that's your thing.  I've ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai, Cashew Chicken and Garlic Chicken and I have yet to have a bad meal.  The food is fresh and very tasty and as authentic as anything else served up in Vegas.The price point for the meals are usually set well, not to cheap and not overly exorbant either.  Service is perfect and the environment is always pleasant.  I would recommend this place for a good thai meal.Oh, and the Thai Iced Tea is absolutely delicious!
4	Today Weera has shown me that they are very interested in offering Las Vegas good, fairly authentic Thai food.  Every time I come here, the owner asks me if there is anything he can do better.  And every time I come here, the food gets better!  This is a respectful business that could easily turn into a regular spot for me.Today I had the Rad Nah, the Pa Cha, and the Roast Duck with Weera sauce.  The Rad Nah was spot on in the gravy department.  It was thick, tasty, and smokey.  The noodles were pretty good, and the pork was really well prepared.  I would say that Weera does a pretty good Rad Nah, and that makes me happy.  The Roast Duck dish we had was really tasty.  It was just a bit plate of sliced duck, along with a sweeter sauce.  The duck was well prepared, not fatty or gristly.  Another solid dish for Weera.The Pa Cha was really spot on.  The Pa Cha isn't as strong as the versions I have had at other Thai restaurants that make this wonderful Thai dish, but the fried catfish was really yummy. We ordered it a 5/5 spice level, and it was spot on with flavor and heat.  I really recommend this dish at Weera.  They do it well.Due to the A+ service and the improved food here, I am happy to say that Weera has earned a star in my book.  I will definitely be returning more often.  I have yet to try the curries, but I believe that Weera's specialties will be the soups and the stir fry dishes.
2	I stop in with my fiancee for a nice lunch. Unfortunately the service was so slow, we are very close to leaving. When it comes to lunch service, food have to be quick and on the ball so people that have lunch break can go in and out fairly quick.Unfortunately if you decided to dine in here at lunch time. Tough luck. Food are so so, very slow service. It takes them 10 minutes to take our order, another 5 minutes for drinks and we spend almost an hour for lunch. So if you decided to stop in for a quick lunch, better make sure your office time is sufficient!
5	For our annual trip to LV for the Police games, I chose Weera Thai for a catered/togo tray of fried appetizers for the team potluck. I spent about $40 for a tray of every Thai item imaginable that could be fried. I called ahead of time, gave them some time and when I arrived, the items were waiting to be picked up and still hot to the touch. Weera Thai also prepared 3-4 different sauces and wrote on the top of each sauce which one was for what fried item.For the team (softball) potluck, I had the only Asian dish there. The team was pretty happy and commented on the good taste of the appetizers before the others prepared the main courses. Thanks again Weera. I'll definitely be back when I get back to Vegas....
4	I use to eat here up to 3 times a week when I first head of this place. It's close enough that it delivers to my job and in the same plaza as my hair salon so it was a must every time I was nearby. A little overpriced for the kind of food that it is but it sooo delicious.my favorites are the fried crab rice, the yellow curry, their eggrolls, and their Thai tea.very quick delivery
4	Food was very good. Started with hot tea (they charged us $3 but we didn't mind since everything was so reasonable) and crab rangoon. Was my hubby's first time trying it, he's skeptical of seafood, but he loved it. Says it is his all-time favorite appetizer now. I ordered the Panang beef and it was yummy. Ordered it 5 out of 5 and it came out spicy though, honestly, I expected it to be a little spicier. Still good with fresh ingredients and nicely cut beef. Hubby got pork pad thai and it was also really good. Noodles were a good texture, sauce was perfect, veggies were crisp and pork was tender. We'll be back. If only they delivered further than 1 mile!
2	I came across a few awesome reviews of Weera Thai as well as read John Curtas  Eating Las Vegas's review in LV Weekly. Lots of stars and praise meant Weera Thai was a must try. The service was impeccable! Our server was very kind and quite attentive. Good service is hard to come by in Asian restaurants.The food however, I was a bit under enthused over. Perhaps we didn't order the "right" things on the menu? I normally can't pass up my favorite Pad Prik King, but I chose the Spicy Beef Holy Basil dish--good but not satisfying. A first-time Thai food newb, my friend ordered the Chicken Pad Thai which of course was delicious--a fool-proof dish. At our table, we also had Yellow Curry & a COLD beef salad which had a lot of flavor-similarities to Papaya Salad. The Yellow Curry was good but tasted almost like packaged Korean curry mix. And the cold beef salad had a dash too much of fish sauce.Wasn't bad food, just not as good as I was expecting. I'll stick with my usual Thai place. But I may give Weera Thai another try in the future.POSITIVES: Coconut Water (straight out of a real coconut)--you can scrape the meat out to eat when you're done!
3	it was pretty good mainly because i was able to buy and use a coupon from yelp on the spot besides that the food is good not extraordinary but good decent place for a lunch , the only downside to it is the service I don't know if they got more people working for dinner time but at lunch the two ladies were more worried about some other issue than the costumers they had i didn't know what because they speak in another language  , the one that was taking care of me and my friend couldn't really communicate fluently with us but she got the order good , it was a nice lunch I wasn't blown away but I'll stop by any other time ...
4	I will never be weera or weary of Thai food. Anyway, there is an explosion of Thai places in Vegas and this place is pretty good.My friend Steven L took me here for lunch. I thoroughly enjoyed it.Tom Kah Kai - Cocunut Soup with Shrimp, lemongrass and other stuff.  We ordered this 4 out of 5 spicy and it was very nice. We got the large in the tin hot pot and it was very subtle and very tasty.Spicy Sea Bass - This dish is very, very good. Steamed sea bass served on bed of lettuce with the natural flavor of the steamed sea bass and liquid in the serving "boat" that it came in.  This was very tasty and one of the best type of steamed fish I have had outside of cantonese restaurants.  Again, very subtle and natural flavors. I did not see a fish tank, so I cannot tell HOW fresh the sea bass was, but it tasted very fresh to me.I will come back and order other things in the future. I wanted to try other things with my friend here rather than the normal curry and pad thai and etc...Service - Very nice and pleasant.Prices - Very reasonable.GK Says this is a great place to go!  Check it out!!!PS for an asian place, this place had very, very clean toilets. That is an huge plus.  Come on, if you have been to Wo Fat, or some of the other places I have written about, you will know what I mean about the Asian Restaurant Toilet thing!!!
5	Great authentic thai food and exceptional service!
5	Now I....Had...The Thai of my life...And I never felt this way before...Yes, I swear...It's the truth...And I owe it all to you...OK- actually, I owe it all to my grimy friend who lives in Tucson, but knows Vegas about 10x better than most natives/locals ('cause he's one of those cool geeky kids who knows everything about anything).Pardon the "Dirty Dancing" reference, and cast some stones this direction for getting that garbage song stuck in your head, but it really IS the truth.  Weera Thai is the best.I'm not going to proclaim myself as some sort of expert on Thai cuisine, and especially if we break it down to Isaan-style Thai.  Hell, I don't know the names of regions of Thailand.  All I know is that the food coming out of this kitchen shames most of the places that I've had Thai food at before.My improper experiences have led me to believe that Thai food is always heavy, almost too thick to enjoy.  Sauces that are so rich that you leave feeling bloated and bogged down.That notion was not present here.  Everything, from the crab stick appetizers right on down to the wonderful curries, has a lightness and delicate nature to it.  Fresh.  Flavorful.  Complex.  Satisfying, yet leaving you wanting more.  More of the fantastic flavors of Thai food without that after-Thanksgiving-dinner feel to it.Don't get me wrong, you will walk out of here full, but not over stuffed.Another positive: service is friendly, attentive, dare I say sweet?Do not be weary of Weera Thai.  After trying seven things on the menu, it is clear to me that they know how to serve up some amazing Thai dishes.
4	Lots of duck dishes offered here.  And, if you are brave, durian sticky rice.  It's actually pretty good.  The coconut tempers the durian flavor.  But later on you will realize that you ate durian.  Your breath will be horrible.  And if you don't know what durian is, don't try it.  You will regret it, eventually.  I'm apparently a glutton for punishment.Service was good.  A little timid but good.  The servers hovered with concern a lot but ultimately knew when to come in and ask if we needed anything.I recommend trying the pork jerky.  And let me know if you actually get anything spicy here.  We asked for food as spicy as possible and it came out not so spicy.  But maybe we did not look Thai enough?Interesting variety of food and good service garners this establishment a "Yay!"
4	It is a nice ,clean place unfortunately located between 2 massage businesses. Its street location is not the best either. HOWEVER, the food was good. So was the service. To compare, I would say that it is as good as the CURRENT Lotus of Siam but not as good as the Lotus before its expansion and opening in NYC. The service is definitely BETTER than Lotus of Siam. We had the crispy shrimps and spring rolls for appetizers and would give a 4.5 to the spring rolls but a 4 to the shrimps. The seabass with garlic sauce was just right. The pangnan beef was good. So was the groundpork basil stirfry. It is a good solid 4+ Thai restaurant that appears to need a little help to stay around because of factors other that food and service. Best of luck. I definitely would return.
5	I am usually not a big Thai food gal.I will say it: I take Vietnamese over Thai any day of the week. Not even looking back, asking questions or wondering what I missed.Because in my experience - I never really missed much.Don't get me wrong; I enjoy pads, tom kah kai, curries and papaya salad once in a while, and really, nothing is wrong with them. They are even quite good, most of the time. But what makes me really sad is that I KNOW that they are only the tip of the iceberg, and that there are many, many other treasures to be found. Well, eaten. But most places don't bother, or choose to "hide" these culinary pearls in secret menus that I am too scared to request upon ordering after being told once that they don't exist.Bummer.Now you can lure me in anyway. And Weera Thai did just that, with the promise of Issan food. Northern Thai Issan cuisine is more sour and spicy than Central Thai food and is cooked in hot chili peppers, rice powder, served with sticky rice. The result? My nom tok which was thinly sliced grilled beef with rice powder, spices, lime juice and chili. Just to die for, and accompanied by the best tamarind-based sauce ever. There are a whole variety of similar dishes using beef, pork, duck and fish.Not in the mood for Issan?What about crispy pilot fish stir fried with Thai holy basil? Or ground pork stir fried with Thai holy basil & preserved duck egg? Or squid sauteed in a garlic, cilantro and pepper sauce?And for the least adventurous, Weeara does classics as well, and perfectly so. The simple spring rolls and the crab sticks we ordered were by far the best I have ever had. Fresh and vibrant - they redefined what they could be in the best of worlds. Wide rice noodles had just the right bite, and the green curry of my friend was outstanding.Skip Lotus of Siam, and come here. To top it all, service is absolutely darling!
5	Thank you Yelp for helping me find this gem! I was browsing through Yelp and they had a deal $10 for $20. The reviews were good, so I bought the deal. I am glad I did. I have been to Thailand and love Thai food. This place had Kana (Chinese broccoli), it wasn't listed as a side, but I requested a plate of it and they delivered. It was good. The best part of the meal was the Tom Yum Kai. It was like what I had when visiting Thailand. The lemongrass really shined in this soup. I loved it.This establishment offers Issan style food, which is a great benefit and sometimes hard to find. Duck is all over the menu, which is a bonus as well. Everything we had was delicious and we will definitely be back.
4	Weera Thai is yummy stuff and the staff is great! It's my 2nd fave Thai place I've had so far and it's right near my house!
5	Found this place on a recent trip to Vegas. This place is one of the best Thai restaurants I visited in my 20 years in the USA from Thailand. This is the place for Isaan (northeast Thailand) dishes. My favorite is the Tom Saab-spicy and flavorful. Oh, the fried oyster is great, too. This is one of the dishes that not many places can do it well. But Weera Thai can make it so that I can say "wow!" after the first bite. The staff are very nice and friendly, too.
4	I almost passed on Weera, ironically, because it was offering a Yelp Deal. I assumed any business promoting itself so enthusiastically can't be that great. But then I drove past and saw that it serves Issan food and I though hmm, got to check it out.As a lone diner I had just two dishes, the Issan green papaya salad (on the Issan menu, not to be confused with the "regular" papaya salad; the difference is extra fish sauce and an additional level of heat) and the Ped Nom Tak (duck.)  I asked for 4 of 5 on the spiciness scale and the chile in the papaya had me acting like a rat in a lab experiment, shocking myself again and again because I was so desperate for another bite. It was also a great value at $6.95 and I finished every last sliver.The duck was the opposite, thank god, unctuous fork size bits of breast in a mysterious brown gravy. There was mint and garlic and what looked like ground rice but must have been crack, it was that good. Again, this lone diner finished the whole thing. Both the salad and the duck had a stack of squares of cabbage leaf in the corner of the plate, I assumed to use as a serving implement, but I needed something to soak up the heat and sop up the duck gravy so I ordered the sticky rice, a nice accompaniment.This is a simple but pleasantly decorated restaurant with tablecloths under glass like a hundred other mom-and-pop Asian places you have visited. The service was attentive and friendly (though they had some trouble with the Yelp coupon, so pay attention to the bill). I was lucky enough to talk to the owner afterward and told him how happy he had made me. He was interested that I was in town for CES and hoped to get some more show-goers down his way. Since this was the last night of this year's show, he will have to wait for another day. I thought about those folks waiting 2 hours for a table down the street at Lotus. Their loss.UPDATE: Yelp contacted me asking me to specifically write about my experience with the Yelp deal. It was okay. I have the Yelp app on my Droid X and was able to access the deal there and show it to the server. She copied down the code number and asked me to mark the deal as "used" while she was watching which I did. Then the $20 discount initially did not show up on my tab and they had to rerun it which they did... simple miscommunication at the cash register. Bottom line, I think the Yelp deal worked fine and I'd happily use one again.
4	I am a self professed noodle freak! Not to mention my burning desire to have my nose run, and lips sting. Bingo...Thai food is the answer to my burning question...whats for lunch?  The restaurant is small and quaint. The staff  is friendly. Thai Crab Rangoon are fabulous, small packages bulging with cream cheese, crispy and delicate, served with a lightly sweet sauce. Chicken pot stickers were meaty, yet tender. I chose the Pad Kee Mao to satisfy my noodle need. Add a heaping helping of the table condiments to assist in clearing out my sinuses and I'm a very happy girl, runny nose, stinging lips, and full tummy...mission accomplished!
4	I had the Chicken Panang curry, brown rice and some spring rolls to go.  The food was ready pretty quickly which is what I want when I'm hungry and driving home.  They gave me 10% off for Yelp which was cool even though it said "dine in" only.  There were a ton of spring rolls in the take out box and the peanut sauce was pretty yummy.  They asked me how spicy I wanted the curry so I said a "2" on a 1 to 5 scale.  2 was pretty spicy for this white girl but it wasn't too hot to eat.  I would definitely go back there.
4	I was in the mood for Thai food so I hopped on Yelp to see what was near by and found Weera Thai.  Whenever I'm looking for a new Thai restaurant I always look for Misty Y and Dan P's reviews, once I see that they give it a good rating I am ready to try it out.  I had the Spicy Basil with Chicken lunch special, spicy level 3 out of 5 and thought it was spiced perfectly for my taste.  Usually some restaurants will either under spice or over spice when asking for a middle of the range level, but this was perfectly spicy will not making me reach for water after every bite.  The flavors on the dish were also spot on.  You dont get too much but for $6 I couldnt complain.  I cant wait to come back and try their duck dishes.  Writing this review has me craving Thai food again! haha.
4	We went here because of a Living Social and man was it worth it!  We ordered two wonderful soups, Tom Kha Gai and another soup with shrimp in it.  Delicious.  The papaya salad was beautiful, but my favorite was the Pineapple Fried Rice, a must try.  We also had a seafood dish with various seafood, salmon, shrimp, mussels in a wonderful broth.  We will be back and we are fans!  The waitresses were very sweet and extremely polite which isn't a regular thing in LV.  Namaste Weera Thai!
5	I feel like I am always mentally juggling Thai restaurants, trying to declare one as my favorite. I usually use either Panang or Red Curry w/Tofu and a Tom Yum Soup w/Chicken as my lab standards. After 4 meals at Weera Thai over the past month, it has because obvious that Weera Thai is my (current) favorite!Very generous portions and generous proteins in the portions. A large Tom Yum w/Chicken is easily a meal in itself, as is the Panang Curry w/Tofu. Flavor and thickness of curry is spot on, and the price is the best quality-to-value Thai in town. The Tom Yum broth is kept hot in a flame-pot. The restaurant is extremely clean, the waitstaff and chef are super nice, and their Sahara Avenue location has proven to be very convenient, inspiring some last-minute Weera Thai redirection when deciding where to eat. Cleanliness was the reason we dumped our old Thai restaurant crush in search of a new one. Weera in love!I am so confident in Weera Thai that I took my visiting East Coast family (party of 12) there for dinner over the holidays. One of my sisters and brother-in-laws declared Weera's Tom Kha as the best they'd ever had in their lives. With the current Yelp Deals promotion ($10 for $20) you cannot afford not to try Weera. Weera is also doing a 10% off special when you check-in on the Yelp app. Yelp friendly indeed. Go tonight!
5	Wonderful friendly staff and delicious food.  Highly recommend!
5	I'm a big fan of this place, we always frequent here when we get a chance to go. I know before they weren't open on Sundays but I'm glad they are now because we are able to go have lunch. I pretty much like everything they have, especially offering Thai-Issan food. My favorite I like to order is the beef nam tok (medium) with sticky rice and it does come out pretty spicy for me but it's good.We've tried a lot of the soups and they are very good too. I would totally recommend this place to everyone I know because I thought I've had real Thai food in Vegas until I came upon this place. The staff is very nice and gotta love the Thai Tea :)
1	I just ate lunch at Weera Thai.  The food was very good and the service was nice to.  ***********Living Social Users BEWARE****************** We purchased a $30 for $15 Living Social coupon.  We ordered $41.56 worth of food, and included in that purchase was $6 lunch special item.  Well they told us since we purchased a lunch item it automatically disqualified us from using the coupon and we had to pay the total bill of $41.56!  Yes, the fine print said the offer was only good for dinner, but 85% of our meal was ordered from the appetizer & dinner menu!  When we tried to get an explanation, they just smiled and said that they were sorry!  I didn't want to argue nor did I have time to go back & forth so I just paid and left.  SHAME on Weera Thai!!  We would have come back to your establishment many times over if you would have just been fair with us!  Don't sign up for offers like Living Social, Groupon, or Yelp if you don't plan on being fair!  There are enough places in Vegas that scam you, and take your money without having to worry about being cheated at lunch!?  Not cool and we will NOT be going back to their establishment!  And if you want to use one of the coupons to "try this place out" BEWARE!!!
4	One of the good things about my job moving to the new office...we found this place. Their food is amazing! The shrimp (honestly any pad thai) is great there. I haven't been to the restaurant yet, but the delivery service is great. They are very friendly and apologetic if they run late. If you're looking for good spicy Thai give this place a try.
4	Had a couple of very spotty lunch take out experiences here but the last dine in lunch was very good. Used the 20.00 for 10.00 through Yelp so that made the deal even better. Had the dynamite wings, pad Thai, & mixed vegetables. All very tasty. Would definitely go back regularly for the lunch deals.
4	I am a fan of this small but nicely decorated Thai restaurant.  I was there for the first time--certainly not the last time--Saturday night.  I had the Yelp deal and it worked beautifully.I started with the crab stick appetizer.  Here's how the menu describes it:  Deep fried rice paper wrapped with mix crab meat & cream sauce, served with homemade plum sauce.  When I saw 6 sticks, I thought there was no way I could eat all of them and have room for dinner.  Wrong!  They were so very tasty you could never leave one to be taken away.  The plum sauce was good, and my server brought me the hot spice holder and I used some chili paste to spice up some of the sticks.For the main course, I ordered from the Issan (northern Thailand area) part of the menu which offers foods with more spice kick.  I got the Ped Nom Tok, and the menu describes it like this:  Sliced boneless roasted duck home made with chili paste, herbs, spices & lime juice.  I asked for a spicy level of 4 out of 5.  It was spicy, but from my little array of spices, I added some extra red pepper flakes.  The dish was superb!  The mint that garnished the dish and the raw cabbage gave you something to cool your palate when the red pepper heat got to be a bit much.Time for dessert.  I had two things in mind.  Durian sticky rice or coconut ice cream.  I had been warned that the durian would cause horrendous breath.  Anthony Bourdain describes durian this way.  "...Your breath will smell as if you'd been French-kissing your dead grandmother."  Since I was going to a show after dinner, I opted for the coconut ice cream.  It was the safer choice, and it was very good with some small chunks of coconut mixed in.I started dinner with a Thai iced coffee and I had an order of sticky rice.The service was fantastic.  There were three ladies who were very attentive and answered a couple of questions I had.  I thought the one was going to say "chicken" when I opted out of the durian sticky rice dessert.  The Yelp deal worked fine.  I paid $10 and received credit for $20 from Weera.  She took the code off my iPhone and asked me to mark the deal used which I did.As I said before, this won't be a one time visit.  It is good, and I am a fan!!  Thanks to my fellow Yelpers for letting me know this place exists.
5	A friend and i were in Vegas for a quick trip and looking for a place that would either deliver to the hotel or had a free shuttle to the restaurant. We found this place on a Las Vegas restaurant site; called and asked for the shuttle and the guy came right on time.We got to the restaurant and noticed they had some regional Thai specialties so we ordered some, got the yelp deal on a smart  phone while waiting and enjoyed the great meal. Yelp deal was used easily, no hassles, then we asked for the shuttle to take us back to the hotel. Imagine my mortification when we were told the "shuttle driver" would be with us shortly because he was also the chef!!! He came out, told us not to worry about it and give him a couple minutes and then got us back to our hotel in no time after a short wait!4 stars for the food5 stars for the service!
5	Great, authentic Northeastern Thai Food! Careful on the spiciness! Yes, they do have a great Khao Soi!
5	This was a recommendation from My and Thao T, and I think they got the recommend from Bobby and Misti... thank you guys!  This place is wonderful.I asked the server what her favorite dish is, and she recommended the steamed sea bass.  This is what I recommend to all of you in yelp land, because my god it's so good and so unique (at least to a gringo like me).  I'm a huge fan of steamed fish in the first place because it's not greasy, but the bass is served on top of a a broth that is sweet with just a slight tang to it.  That was the first dish to go.Side note, they have bottles of chinese wine on display. Go ahead and order one, they are not expensive at all and a great complement to the meal.I also got the pad se ew (yes that can't be spelled correct) and the grilled beef salad.  No complaints.Staff is so generous, place is really clean and quaint.
4	We came here on a 30$ living socials deal and heard that this was reviewed as one of Las Vegas top 5 Thai restaurants. We Ordered the Duck Curry spicy #3 on a 1-5 spice scale and the crab fried rice. I love places like this that offer brown rice as an alternative and decided to substitute white for brown. The crab fried rice was full of flavor and tasted like they used fresh crab. The duck curry was awesome but was a little too spicy for a #3 but like most Thai places i always believe the number depends on the chef that day. For desert we decided on the durian sticky rice with coconut milk. Now for all of you that don't know what durian is its that infamous stinky fruit usually found in most Asian markets. At first I was hesitant to try the desert so I tasted the rice without the fruit and it was pretty good. I then tried it with the durian and it was like nothing I've tasted before and considered it one of the best deserts I've ever tasted. Good Thai food and really friendly staff and the best stinky sticky rice I've ever tasted.
1	I dont know who thought this restaurant was one of the top 3 thai restaurants in las vegas, They definitely havent tried alot then. I could easily name 5 other thai places that blow this place out of the water. My wife and i went their because of a living social deal. And we ended up with food poisoning. The meat they served us was very questionable. I am pretty sure that beef that is white is not normal. I hope this is a good warning for people who want to try this place.
2	Delicious Thai Tea and free refills really put a smile on my face while eating here but sadly that was the highlight of the meal. I ordered the Pad Thai and much to my surprise it was bland. I've had better at Pei Wei to be honest. I also had some orange chicken and it seemed to taste like a jello packet mixed with warm water drizzled over some chicken that was severely over fried. No heat from either of the dishes and what seemed to me at least to be very small portions. Based off how other people feel about this place I have to assume their real chef took a day off and some waiter was the one cooking. Thai Tea was truly amazing, the food was not.
4	My wife and I love to try  new Thai restuarant anywhere we travel. We had the $20 for $10 deal from yelp so we thought we give it a try. It was a Monday night and we were the only one there.  Sometime it is a good thing if you are in a hurry. We usually compare all thai places by the way they make papaya salad. and it was delicious.  We had the crab stick appetizer and it also was really good.  Everything we had was delicious. Service was great and we recommend this to all Thai food lover.  I know with  all the buffets and different places to choose from in Vegas, it may be difficult to try this place out, but if you can find the time, try this place out, you won't be disappointed.
5	If you love duck, thai basil, and curry, get the duck with the green curry and mixed vegetables. I took Misti's advice and ate the most delicious curry of my life. Duck is one of my favorite proteins, so you don't like duck, you can skip the rest of my review, but for those duck lovers out there, they keep the crispy skin on, and then pour delicious green curry all over it!! The mixed vegetables are the way to go as it makes the dish taste more fresh than a bunch of eggplant. We got everything at level 4 (out of 5) spice and it was very modest compared to other Thai restaurants in town. We also ordered tom yum soup (first time trying it), and pad see ew. Tom yum is an interesting soup being sour (really sour. I was puckering at almost every bite) but I don't like spitting out all the random things in the soup that look innocent, but end up being crunchy (lemongrass?). It was listed at #8 on CNN's list of 100 foods to try before you die. I've tried it, and now I'll know not to order it again. Pad see ew was standard and mango sticky rice had a pretty sour mango for a $6 dessert, although the rice was cute in the shape of a heart. Service was sweet and they made sure to ask if we had any coupons before getting our bill so as not to waste time. In summary: duck lovers, do NOT pass up the green curry with duck and mixed vegetables.
3	Came here on a Saturday night thanks to groupon. Paid $12, but worth $25 at the restaurant. When we walked inside no one was eating and I thought it was kind of odd considering it was a Saturday night.  We immediately ordered our Thai Teas and since I have been craving curry for so long I ordered the yellow curry with chicken (yes, I know I like to play it safe). For our appetizer we had the fresh spring rolls with tofu. And when I took my first bite I tasted the rice noodles and something else almost like meat. But it was actually the tofu! The peanut sauce was also a nice compliment!  Very tasty and I recommend ordering this if you're contemplating on ordering an appetizer. The curry was pretty good hardly any spice at all because I requested for level 1 (their spice scale here is 1-5). The dish also had carrots and potatoes. Does this normally come with potatoes because I wasn't expecting it at all? The servers were very friendly and checked up on us regularly. They require a $15 minimum with card or they charge you a .25 cents fee, which is not bad at all. I don't think I'd be back here again, but worth going to if you're going to use a groupon, yelp deal, or living social coupon.
5	So we were visiting Vegas and we really wanted to stay away from the restaurants on the strip for some quiet time then I remembered, I got this Groupon deal online.  Since we have a rental car, it wasn't a big deal driving there.  The place is located in a quiet strip mall with tons of parking.My husband was craving for some real coconut and being from the Philippine Island, we grew up eating this stuff.  I was really surprised that it tasted exactly like it was in the islands - fresh, sweet and refreshing.  If I didn't eat too much, I can probably finish another one.  So when you come, make sure you order that!To eat, we had the Crispy Duck Salad and the Garlic SeaBass.  If you know me, crispy duck and sea bass are two of my favorite things!   They were wonderful.  The servings were enormous and can actually feed 4 people total.   We decided we didn't want to waste any food so we sat there for hours and savored our food down to the last morsel.  In the end, we had difficulty standing up and walking to our car but no regrets!  The best Thai food we ever had:))And as a bonus, the staff are all very friendly and nice.  They never stopped checking on us and they're always smiling.  That's probably the reason why we ate so much!
3	It's authentic but ask for medium spicy and you'll get mild.  They were Thai customers in there, which was comforting and the food is pretty authentic.  The pilot fish dish was a fried rice concoction with small dried, fried fish (kind of like pork crackings and the dried fish snacks at 99 Ranch).  The duck soup noodle was good.
4	Based on the reviews given, we decided to purchase a $30 Living Social deal.  The spicy scale level is from a 1-5.  We ordered the Duck Curry, Spicy level #3 and the crab fried rice.After reading others review about how their spicy isn't really spicy, we expected just that.  To our surprise, the spicy 3 is quite spicy!  I love to drench my brown rice with the curry, but not for this meal. The crab fried rice was good.  There were chunks of real crab meat in this dish.  I really liked it.  We ended our meal with the durian on sticky rice.  I enjoyed it so much that we went to China town on Friday, picked up a durian and will try to duplicate that dessert today.  Yum.  But again, durian is an acquired test...
4	Food was so  gooodd. Don't forget to try sea bass on a hot,long dish there
4	A small simply decorated place that has one of the best pad thai I've had. The tom yum goong was spicy and fragrant, but didn't have much shrimp flavor. The thai tea was very good and refreshing. The sweet rice and durian was very unique. Sweet and salty with lots of coconut cream and served hot. Great solid authentic Thai food.
2	I've been here maybe 4-5 times and I must say the quality seems to have gone downhill. I always order the pineapple fried rice and this time it tasted blah and they added carrots to it and I'm not sure why... Messed up on our second 2nd order (which should have been sea bass in garlic sauce, which the first time we ordered it was a very small plate for $17) in which we didn't try. Kinda wish we did because our 3rd order came out cold (spicy duck) so we sent it back and decided to stick with the pineapple fried rice.Good thing I suppose because I had planned on using a $30 living social deal, but my friends used a groupon now deal and they refused to let us use both, even though it was separate checks and my friends came in and ordered way before we got there. They told us we could sit elsewhere and they would take it, otherwise the "big man upstairs" was watching and they would get in trouble if they took both. They were nice though and even asked if we wanted to still ordered which obviously we did, but it just turned into a big disappointment.Last visit we had similar issues (cold food that was overly salty which they tried to fix, but ended up tasting even worse, but they took it off the bill at least) and while the sea bass in garlic sauce was really good, the portion size and sticker price left us feeling like we should have just ordered more pineapple fried rice.Unfortunately I probably won't be coming back here if I can get a refund on my livingsocial coupon, otherwise it'll probably be the last time and I'll be just going to Pin Kaow from now on.
4	I checked this place out after a nearby specials search, and I saw that Misty had been and gave it high reviews. So I took advantage of the yelp deal, ($10 for $20 worth of food) there wasn't any problem at the restaurant using this deal. simple, no hassle. The food was amazing. We got three appetizers because there was a photo of happy hour specials for $3.33 between 5-8pm. The crab rangoon, crispy shrimp and dynamite chicken wings. all amazing and delicious. especially loved the crab Rangoon. for the entree we took misti's suggestion and decided to split green curry, and we got it with duck at a level 3 spiciness. It really wasn't spicy at all but it was SOOO good.  indeed the best green curry Ive had in Vegas, with huge chunks of eggplant and duck meat. mmm. I also had the Harney & Sons tea, it was very good. Everything was perfect except for the bill at the end of the meal. They did take off the $20 from the coupon, but the appetizers were not $3.33 each. When I asked the waitress about it she said that they no longer did happy hour. So I said to her, but I asked at the beginning of the meal if there was happy hour and you guys said there was...she looked confused and blank, and apologized that her English wasn't that good. I believe it was the drink waitress who said the deal was valid and the food waitress that said it wasn't but in the end, we paid $21 for appetizers instead of $10, which was really disappointing. Still, I'll go back, it was fun to discover a new place, (and there was a promising korean restaurant next door too!) I recommend you check it out too, but don't count on happy hour appetizer specials. at least, get it in writing first. :P
4	Excellent food and service! Great atmosphere and value for the price!
5	Seabass and pad thai with grass noodle are the bestThis is my second visit. I will definitely visit again if i go to vegas.I got good deal on yelp which was $20 for $10Server was friendly
4	This small restaurant has received favorable press so I entered with high expectations.  We started off with Thai egg rolls which were grease free and packed with fresh tasting ingredients.  For entrees we shared orders of nom tuk moo - sliced pork with rice powder, spices, lime juice and chili plus shrimp glass noodle pot - shrimp, black pepper and ginger baked with glass noodles.  We concluded the meal with a cup of coconut ice cream.  All our dishes were top notch and our waitress was a delight.  She must have encouraged is 3-4 times to return and try one of the sea bass dishes and we will.
1	My wife and I went for lunch and we received terrible service. Her order came out 20 minutes before mine. I ordered the catfish with lemongrass and vegetables and it was simply not edible. It was awful. I asked for it to be a 2 out of 5 on the 'spicy scale", and after about three bites I couldn't eat any more it was so hot. The lemongrass tasted old and gave the whole dish a chemical taste. I would have sent it back, but we had been there for almost an hour and the two tattoo guys who were swearing in the table next to my 5 year old. Overall, it was just a bad experience with bad service and bad food.
4	The restaurant was located close to downtown where I work.  I took a coworker there for lunch  We ordered 3 dishes to share.  I ordered from the back of the menu where they listed their specialties, duck salad and spicy clams.  I also ordered one of the noodle dishes that started with an "r."  The noodles were in a brown sauce and pretty good.  The duck was savory but you're caught unexpected with the sourness of the initial flavor.  The yummiest dish was the clams. It was awesome and had I known, I would've ordered two orders of the clams.  I ordered the spice level at a 2 for my coworker but the dishes would've been better at a 3.  The service was excellent and the prices were very reasonable. I had paid $10 for a $20 groupon so the value of the meal was awesome for what I paid.
5	I actually live very close to this restaurant, close enough that I found their menu at my doorstep offering delivery. Being the cook that I'm not, I ordered food from them numerous times. With great prices and even better delivery time, I'm a fan of Weera.I've eaten their green papaya salad many times. They always make it without shrimp as requested. My son likes their mixed vegetables with chicken and I've ordered their cashew nut dish with beef, too. Of course, sticky rice. Everything has always been good.I've picked up food or had it delivered. The service has always been friendly and timely. I'll be ordering more again soon, especially since I've seen many deals going on now!
3	Ahhh I can't say how many stars I would give this place because I have such mixed feelings. They are really welcoming and the water here must be extra filtered because it tastes just like bottled! My first time here, we ordered the pad thai, tom ka chicken soup, and I think it was the duck curry. The pad thai was not the best I've ever had...but it was good. The tom ka, was SO flavorful, but also really spicy. The duck curry is what hit the spot (even though my mouth was on fire) I would totally recommend this place to anyone and I would definitely return. Now let me tell you about my return visit, We ordered the pad thai again as well as the curry, but were craving dessert. We ordered the mango sticky rice and I think they had mistaken the mango sticky rice for regular sticky rice. Since this order was to go, I assumed they had it right because most to-go orders are pretty simple. I didn't bother checking once I got it since I was in kind of a hurry. Unfortunately, I didn't trust my gut when I went in and told them what I ordered, because when I told them what I had gotten, the employees looked at each other and said "uhh three items right." For that reason I'm a little grumpy with this place which is why I am only giving them three stars.
5	Big fan of Archi's now for the past few years. Tried this place on a Groupon deal. Pleasantly surprised. Excellent Pad Thai and Papaya salad. Less greasy than Archi's. I am wondering if I will go back to Archi's. Fabulous service as well.
4	Great Thai food! we used the yelp groupon and overall it was a great value. My pad thai was good, not the best I've ever had but good enough to make me happy. My husband ordered garlic shrimp and that was delicious. We plan on going again soon.
5	My wife and I come here all the time.  We sit in our booth against the way.  We know the owners when the place was still called royal thai.  Greatest locals restaurant and down right good food.  We're there usually once if not twice a week.  Good price, good food, and most importantly, good customer service.
5	The best place to get some awesome thai food! Best service, their wontons are amazing! They have become are go to place for Thai food since Archi's kind of went down hill.
4	First off...I don't like curry, so I don't often go to Thai restaurants. I got the groupon that was listed because my bf loves thai food. I ordered the wonton soup and kung pow chicken...it was so delicious! yum! My man ordered pad thai and some sort of curry tofu dish. I really liked the pad thai and my bf liked the curry dish. We're going back this weekend, I hope it's just as good!
5	My wife and I have visited this restaurant  twice and we love the food and service.  We are their customers for the foreseeable future unless a disaster occurs.
4	I fear I may be falling into a trend.  I have reviewed several other Thai restaurants and this will not be my last on the subject.  It turns out I happen to like Thai food.  Quite a lot in fact.  Weera Thai is one of my favorites.  The food here is more flavorful than that at Pad Thai restaurant.  Especially when it comes to spice.  Their spice level goes up to five though I am only willing to try a three at this point.  After that, it becomes too much for me.  Typically though, I order no spice.  I like to let the true flavor of the meal shine through and not be concealed by overbearing heat.  Some dishes just don't need the heat.  Like sweet and sour chicken.  Let the sweet and sour stand on its own.  The tempura is perfect thickness.  The sauce is tangy.  They vegetables are crisp and fresh.  No change necessary.  The pad thai here is some of the best I have had.  The rice noodles are chewy.  The flavors are intense.  The chicken is tender.  A great dish.  So far the only dish I have ordered that I did not enjoy is the pepper garlic chicken.  Actually, I ordered beef and received chicken.  I did not care for it at all.  First of all, I prefer white meat when eating chicken.  This was fatty dark meat.  Second, I was not expecting black pepper.  I thought it would be very garlicy with fresh chili peppers.  I don't care for the taste of massive amounts of black peppercorn.  I will not order that again.  All of the lunch specials are served with steamed rice (unless noted otherwise), an egg roll and a small salad.  For a price ranging from $6.99 to $7.99, depending on your choice of protein, Weera Thai is a little higher priced than some other Thai options but the price shine through in the quality.  This is one of my go to places for Thai take-out in regular rotation.
4	Visited Weera for take out for the 2nd time today.   1st time a few months ago I tried the Sweet Basil lunch special with pork and liked it a lot.  I prefer getting slices of pork over the ground up variety that can sometimes seem Taco-Bellish in nature.  The ingredients were fresh and tasty and I thought the price was a bargain $5.99 for the lunch special.Ordered the Green Curry with Pork lunch special today because it seemed to be the preferred dish of several respectable members here, and if you can't trust random Yelpers you've never met in real life, who can you trust?  Well they were right.  They're always right.  This curry had a lot of depth and was a perfect balance of sweetness from the coconut milk with spicy from the red chili flakes added, and I'm not usually a big eggplant guy, but wow, I thought the assorted chunks of eggplant were perfectly complementary with it.   I ordered it spiced 4/5 because I'm a real man (don't let the Bieber avatar fool you), but I actually found it to be mild compared to what I was expecting.  Not sure I want to test a 5/5 though, so I'm in a bind on what to do next time.  "4.38 out of 5 please" might not go over so well.   I might just flip the whole out of 5 scale on them and order on a scale of 10.  I also must note that I love that they offer brown rice as a sub for white, even though both times I completely forgot this fact and ended up with white rice anyway.   I can't fault them for my stupidity.Service has always been friendly and expeditious, but parking the first time was a problem with literally not one available spot that I could pull into to pick up my order.   Not sure if this is the norm as this time parking wasnt an issue, but something to keep in mind on your first visit (and also to point out that if you ever see a black camry double parked in front of weera thai, give him a break, the man is just trying to get his green curry.
4	All around good Thai food. They have an extensive menu that could be compared with Lotus of Siam, just with better service and a lower price tag. The food has varied on my visits between outstanding and good. It's not always consistent, which is why it gets only 4 stars.Do: Try the pineapple rice, it's so damn good!Don't: Accidentally wander in to the shady looking massage parlor right next door. Weera is fairly nondescript, as is the massage parlor. I nearly ended up through that door by mistake on my first visit.
4	Great food at a reasonable price. Will definitely return to this place on my next trip.
5	Great service and great food! Always look forward to coming here whenever I am in Vegas.Love the gingered seabass, a little pricey for the portion size but well worth splurging for.
4	On this visit we shared a tasty green papaya salad with green beans, tomato, and peanuts seasoned with lime juice and Thai chili.  We were happy we ordered mild because this salad has a kick.  For entrees, we ordered the shrimp glass noodle pot that we enjoyed last trip plus spicy eggplant with shrimp. We also enjoyed a cup of coconut ice cream.  There is much more on the menu for us to try so we will surely be back in October.  A rating of 3.5 would be most accurate.
4	Spicy Thai basil dish is good. I like the sauce a lot. Eggplant is good too.
4	The food is really good here.  I can sense that the owner really cares about the quality of the food. It's the only place so far that has my favorite dessert, Sweet sticky rice with durian.  Other restaurant won't serve it bc of their infamous fragrance...oh well.  All I can say to my fellow Thai food eaters is this...PLEASE DO NOT SMELL THE FOOD, JUST PUT IT IN YOUR MOUTH AND SAVOR THE FLAVOR.  I found that sometimes food that smells good, does not necessary taste good.  In our culture, THE STINKIER, THE BETTER!!!
4	Best thai beef noodle soup!! Okay, I've really only tried the one here and then at thai style noodle house...but this one wins hands down!  Small hole in the wall restaurant with very friendly service staff.  The thai beef noodle soup has a richer beef broth with a more savory flavor than the thai style noodle house version.  It also comes with a generous portion of beef balls/beef slices/tendon/tripe.  There is also the option of different noodles (egg/wide noodle/etc).  If you are a pho lover...try this thai style version...you will not be disappointed!
2	not a fan.  the food was meh, the service was horrible.  went there for lunch today with a small group, ordered an appetizer for all to share and each ordered an individual dish.  i also ordered an ice tea - they were out.  i believe this has to be a first for a thai place.  one of our dishes came out about 15 minutes of waiting, still no appetizer.  finally after about  30-40 minutes the appetizer came out followed by the other two dishes spaced out about 5 minutes apart.  ???  lunch took  about 1 1/2 hours and the taste wasn't worth the time it would take at panda.  f this place.  don't go.
3	Food is pretty good but I think the portion sizes are a little small....they would be okay for a party of 2 but 3 or more isn't enough. The crispy pork with Chinese broccoli is good!
5	I'm Thai.  I was born in Thailand, I grew up on Thai food, and I cook Thai food myself.  When it comes to Thai restaurants, I am extremely critical of the food and I hate it when Thai food is Americanized. Well, I can tell you that this place is authentic. The food is absolutely delicious...better than a lot of places I've eaten in Thailand! I travel all over the US and the world for work...and this little gem is the only Thai restaurant that has driven me to write a review.  Even the service was good (not usual for an Oriental restaurants).Don't miss an opportunity to visit if you like truly authentic Thai food.  Recommended items that I liked:  Laab ped (duck), ka pow moo krob, tom saab pork, ba mee hang, pad see ew, spicy clam with basil, and papaya salad (som tum). Yes, if I stayed in Vegas more than 3 days, I probably would've listed the whole menu :) oh, and my husband thought the mango and sticky rice was the best he's ever had outside of Thailand.
4	Classy joint, OK taste-wise, and service was not bad. The staples were ok, (I'm secretly on a world mission to try all the Tom Ka Kai from all the Thai restaurants around the world. The 4 stars reflect my impression of this)The yelp deal brought the total price down to about 20 bucks, so expect about 30 if you're two guys whom are suffering from the First World ailment of overeating and gorging yourself.You might be able to eat cheaper. I dare you.
2	Weera is a bit of a drive for my husband and me, but we heard lots of good stuff, so we made the journey down Sahara.  When I walked in, I stepped on a piece of gum on the carpet.  Hm.We were shown to our booth, which are in desperate need of restuffing.  I literally sank into a hole. Hmm.I ordered pad kea mow and my husband ordered a garlic shrimp type dish.  In both of our dishes, the vegetables were still raw.  My pad kea mow was bland.  Hmmm.Considering that Weera is pretty far from us, and there are places like Archi's or Pan Asian closer...I don't think I'll visit this place again.
4	After dining here a couple of times, it was time for a review. A small little thai joint that serves solid food. Some dishes are better than others so I'm just going to list which ones I've had.Sample Appetizer Plate (Deep fried tofu, fried wontons, Thai egg rolls & chicken pot stickers) - I would not order this again. Everything was blah and not a lot of flavor.Duck Bone Soup - As stated in the name, it's mainly a lot of duck bones with broth. The soup itself tasted good but not enough meat for my tastes. I might try the pork rib soup once it's wintertime.Nom Tok Moo - The pork is grilled but they let meat cool down to room temp before its served. Seasoned with rice powder, spices, lime juice and chili makes for a very tasty dish.Kana Moo Krob - Basically, fried pork belly with chinese broccoli and oyster sauce. My favorite dish here especially since the pork belly was cooked to perfection. There's also another pork belly dish called Ka Pow Moo Krob which I can't wait to try.Green Curry - It was wonderful but the best part of the dish is the eggplant!Pad Kee Mow (Drunken Noodles) - Well executed ... no complaints here.Crab Fried Rice - Absolutely, not one piece or smidgen of crab in it. I should've sent it back.According to one of my friends, she thought the neighborhood is kinda sketchy but I have no problems returning especially if they are still serving the fried pork belly entrees!
2	I would rather eat cardboard than the Pad Seu and the complimentary wings did not make the delivery. The white rice was delicious, but then my 4 year old neice can make white rice.
3	Archi's is still better...
4	Do not judge by location or outside appearance.... simply get yourself inside, meet the wonderfully friendly staff and eat some outstanding Thai! Start with the Crab Rangoon, it melts in your mouth, then move to the Coconut mushroom soup.... amazing! I finished with the Tofu Pad Thai (not a vegetarian by the way, just LOVE Tofu when it's cooked well). At the end of the night, for two.... WITH two glasses of wine and my partner had an entree as well (we split the "Small" soup that was huge) our bill was $35!! Yeah, that's right..... get there!
5	Aroy Maaak! (that means HELLA DELISH!)  The Tom Yum was REALLY good, and I highly recommend the Larb Ped (Duck Salad)  I will be coming back again, and again, and again.  The cook is really nice too, he came out and personally checked up on us.  Great guy...
4	Weera Thai is a wonderful Thai restaurant located in a section of commercial strip malls on West Sahara Ave that have seen better days.  I have been to Weera Thai a few times in the past year for dinner and most recently for lunch.  After trying out their regular menu and also one of their lunch specials, I personally think that you get more value ordering from their non-lunch specials menu, even if it is before 3pm during their lunch special promotion hours.  So don't be cheap and walk out becuase your party came in 2 minutes past the lunch specials promotion period. The $2-3 extra you pay for each entree will defintiely get you much more food, in spite of the trade off of not getting the cup of house soup, fried egg roll and a lunch side salad (all are rather unimpressive). The staff have always been friendly, and deliver the prepared dishes shortly after it was cooked with care in the kitchen.  Their Green Curry is bomb.  Their Spicy Glass Noodle Salad is healthy and delicious, and can easily substitute as an entree or be shared as an appetizer salad.  The Pad See Ew is one of the best I have tried in all of Las Vegas. If you enjoy having duck, their Slice Duck (Weera Thai Style) will not disappoint.  The Thai Fish Cakes appetizer is generous and good.   The Spicy Thai Sweet Basil made with Beef lunch special was just okay at best, maybe it is better prepared with anything but beef, but it was definitely my least favorite item that I have tried at this cool restaurant.If you have room in your tummy after your meal, consider getting their Durian over Warm Sticky Rice (assuming you do not have an Andrew Zimmern aversion to this pungent fruit).  Otherwise, get their Mango Sticky Rice during the summer, when mangos are in season.After reading Yuhi K's review, I must remember to order the Coconut Water served in a young coconut, instead of the common Thai Iced Tea or Thai Iced Coffee, on my future visits.  And try one of the Steamed Sea Bass as recommended by Arvin when I am in the mode for fish.  When winter finally arrives, definitely going to have to try their Thai Beef Noodle Soup, the best of Las Vegas according to Theresa C.Ambiance: 3.5/5.  Comfortable dining environment with Thai decorations and even a small television showing Thai programming featuring what appears to be a Thai food channel.  On the larger flat panel TV on the right side of the restaurant, it is usually on FoodTV or one of the professional sports games.  But the audio entertainment is provided by Sirius Radio's POP stations.Service:  4/5.  Freindly, attentive. No complaints.Food:  4/5.  Again, you pay slightly more but also get great value when ordering from their regular menu san the lunch specials.Parking:  4/5.  Usually it is not a problem finding parking.Location:  Fairly close to the Sahara exit on the I-15, so perfect if you are staying at Palace Station down the street.  Otherwise, easily accessible in a centrally convenient location for most resident of Las Vegas.4 Stars. A no brainer.  Side note:  The restaurant is aggressively promoting itself online, so you can usually find check-in offers (via Yelp get 10% off your bill), or promotions like Yelp Deals and occasional promotions from other competitors. Just tip on the pre-discounted price of your meal.
2	I've been going to or ordering from Weera for the past year. The service and the food have slowly, but surely gone down hill. I ordered squid salad that was obscenely rank and when I told the server she rolled her eyes and snatched the plate away without replacing it. We were still charged. I have ordered take out for both lunch and dinner a few times a month for the past 3 months. Every single time, and I do mean every single time, they leave something off my order. It's frustrating that Weera has become such a disappointment.
2	I had high hopes for this place, especially since it is closer to me and less crowded than Lotus of Siam. Slowly my hope faded away.  We got seated right away and served glasses of water, but it took fifteen minutes before our order was taken...and we had our menus closed for about 12 of those minutes.  My waitress was not familiar with the wines they were serving and more importantly the food that they were serving. I do not eat any sugar, so I asked about the duck salad warning her I can only eat very little sugar.  I asked her what was in it, she couldn't tell me specifically, just said  vegetables and duck.  I asked her about the sauce, she said it was not sweet, I asked her if the sauce could be put on the side, she said, "No."  However, she came with the alternative that the chef prepare the Duck salad without using sugar. I accepted and ordered the duck salad with 3 star spice.  I then asked about the wines, she knew nothing about wines (fine, I understand not everyone drinks) and quietly flipped over the menu that showed "Pairings".  My husband ordered the Tom Yum Kai and Pork Ka Pow , without any modifications other than 3 star spice.  We shared the soup and agreed that if was mostly a premade soup base, which they used too much of.  The broth was too intense, yet not what I would think was 3 star spiciness.   His Ka Pow was very bland and had no resemblance to the Ka Pows we've ordered at other places or made at home.  We had to ask for the chili condiment kit to adjust the spice.  My duck salad was very disappointing given the price and alterations she said they could do...Very little duck, atleast a half mango (she didn't mention there was fruit- again I can't eat sugar including sweet fruit, and then the salad was dressed in a very sweet sauce...even my husband who is sugar tolerant said it was too sweet).  Needless to say, it was disappointing...my Thai craving is still craving.
4	My favorite Thai place in Vegas. My 2 year old loves the orange chicken!
4	1st time and will be back. Me and my 2 lil boys and friend came for lunch on a Groupon for lunch for 2. She ordered the potstickers which i never had, they were good. the boys even loved them. then we ordered the Garlic pepper beef and chicken chow mein. Boy was it a lot of food that we were able to share and still have some left over to take to go. And all this a lil over $20. I loved the food the only thing i have a lil complaint about was that there was not enough noodles in the chow mein. We had a whole lot of vegetables left but no noodles. But no big deal we both said we would be back.
4	I have been to Weera a couple times now, first for the Yelp deal, and recently for a quick, cheap dinner. Their crab fried rice is excellent, uses real crab meat and is a large portion. Their orange chicken is great! It is crispy, orangey, and hot when it comes out. Spring rolls and peanut sauce were awesome as well. The rolls were nice, crispy, and very fresh. The sauce was flavorful and did not taste like it was previously stored. The only downside I see here is the pop background music, not a fan of listening to top 40's while I'm eating.
4	We ordered the pad see ew beef and green curry chicken for 23 on a Saturday afternoon. We used the 10 for 20 groupon. Each dish was 10 - Only one promo at a time. They have a 10% facebook check-in.- Free thai tea ad? haha. you pay 3.50 for the thai tea, then you get unlimited refills. - Lots of egg with pad see ew! Loved it. - Kale too hard. cook it more.- Small portions. For 10, not a deal. Good thing there's the groupon. - Green curry was great! eggplants were soft and delicious. right mix of coconut milk for the curry. medium is a perfect blend. - Small portion of rice. Just one scoop. - total came out to 19.58 but the remaining credit from the 20 is voided. - Great place for a coupon, but to come without one, I'd reconsider.
4	I think this place is promising. Only tried two dishes with my friend, but I liked our duck order. We did manage to have some communication error (though I'm not sure on whose fault because it might be the lack of English skills on part of the waitress, but it doesn't matter at this time) with an order, but they fixed that for us.We ordered L5. Pad Kee Mow with beef (flat wide rice noodles stir-fried w/ mint, chili, tomatoes, & Thai spices) and I liked the noodles. Eventually, I was just grabbing the noodles to eat. Beef was good, too.Our second order was T2. Ped Nom Tok (sliced boneless roasted duck homemad w/ chili pastte, herbs, spices, & lime juice). I couldn't tell that it was duck but it was yummy in a weird way? It was the sauces and spice and everything nice on it, I suppose? Haha. I would order it again, at least :b.I will definitely be back in on a future visit to try their other dishes. I would like to try some more of fellow yelpers' recommendations :).
5	Ok my friend and i went again, this time grabbing another friend and we LOVED it. Even with my 2 lil boys we all ate a whole lot and i love the fresh vegetables. Can't wait to try something else new.
4	I saw a Groupon for dinner for 4 at Weera, checked it out on Yelp and decided to purchase said Groupon...glad I did!We shared everything family style and the highlights of our meal were the Green Curry (Thanks Misti) and the Pad Kee Mao.  The green curry at Weera is one of the best in town!  We were all totally happy with it!  The pad kee mao was very good as well.Nothing was bad here...the only thing that was just okay, run-of-the-mill-good, was the appetizer sampler.  There were four of us so we went with the normal app sampler that comes with 4 of everything instead of Weera app sampler that look a little more appealing but only came with 3 of each item...next time we will just draw knives to see who gets left out and go with the namesake! The prices are spot on here as well.Would have been a 5 star experience if the app was better and if the atmosphere matched the quality of the food.  The service was friendly, but a little slow as well...I never like it when more than one person runs out of water at the same time.
5	We came back from an 18 hour flight from Asia, hungry and tired. I had this groupon so we decided to check this place out. I was tired and did not want to get out of the car but the groupon does not allow for take out orders. So we went in. The food was so good it got me re-energized. I am glad we stopped by this place. It was busy but the servers were very attentive. Would definitely visit again.
4	As with most Asian places, we love to order family style, getting several great dishes to share, and sometimes, we order too much, but then we get to take home the left overs and get to enjoy them all over again.Today, we share the pad prik king with beef.  The green beans are still slightly crisp and the red chile paste is spicy good.  Next we get the sweet and sour pork, with the veggies cut in decent size wedges covered in a tangy sauce.  We then got the spicy eggplant with pork.  I love sweet thai basil.  Finally we got the pad thai noodle.  This is always one of our favorites and this one is up there with some of the best.The food was very good, the service was excellent, worth a return trip.
5	Came here with a party of five close to closing time. The staff were very friendly and didn't seem too put out when we stayed a bit past closing. The food was all very good, especially the Green Curry. We all managed to scrape the plates clean and the bill for the five of us was $100 before our wondrous Groupon, which took off $40.  The neighborhood was kinda shady looking though.
4	Found this place on Yelp in the "nearby me" deals section.  Great choice on our part! We got 3 entrees, a hot tea and an appetizer.  -thick noodles, yellow curry and panag curry and fresh egg rolls....all were sooo yummy! We also got there at 9:30 which was perfect timing since they close at 10.  With our deal from yelp the total was 22 dollars! so perfect and exactly what were were looking for.  The chicken is a much better option than the tofu.  We got the chicken with the yellow curry and tofu with panag....for some reason the yellow curry came out more like a stew and the tofu in the panag wasnt very juicy which was too bad.
5	Food still excellent , Peter still gave us the warm greeting like always . Personal touch is alway appreciate . Thanks for give us a place to enjoy .
4	My wife's friend recommended this place, so we gave it a try.  We used a Yelp deal, $8 for $15.  It is on Sahara close to Chinatown.  My wife is Thai and said the food is authentic.  The food is maybe the best Thai food in Vegas.  Better than Lotus of Siam.  Slightly better than the Thai Style Noodle House, but slightly more expensive too.  I prefer Thai Style, but it is close.  We ordered silver noodle salad at both places.  Weera has larger shrimp, but cheaper at Thai Style Noodle House.  $10.95 at Weera and $8.95 at Thai Style.  The food took a while to come out, but it was good.  We ordered three dishes and the bill came to around $35 (drank only water).  That price is not bad, but the same dishes at Thai Style cost around $10 cheaper.  Anyway, Weera is good.  A step up in quality and price.  I would return.  The crab fried rice was my favorite.  (Beware: The food is extra sour.)
4	So happy to find Weera Thai! Delicious! The flavors are fantastic. Even the basic Pad Thai is great. I'm already craving my next visit.
4	Food is good. It's in an unassuming strip mall on Sahara so keep an eye out for it. Service is great and the lunch specials are even better. I've been here several times at this point. It's a good staple Thai place which I keep going back to if that's any indicator. I can't say there is one thing that  really stands out above the rest other than service, cleanliness, and overall price. But let's be honest, Thai food is the Mexican food of Asia. I love and crave them both...but it's really hard to differentiate oneself for any other restaurant.It's worth the visit and the people are really nice. They have a decent beer and wine selection too.
4	My mister and I were craving Thai and our family ended up here in Weera Thai. What a pleasant experience! At first I was a bit nervous because my mom and the my 3 yo aren't fans of spicy foods and Thai food in general so I was hoping there was something in the menu that would make them happy. I ordered vegetable fried rice and wonton soup. The fried rice is excellent; not overly greasy and enough egg with perfectly cooked veggies. The wonton soup was a hit too. The broth was delicious and flavorful. Took note that those 2 will be ordered again in the future. I had the shrimp pad thai and hubby got the green curry with beef, both spicy #3 (medium). Fantastic, as expected! The excellent service made the whole experience a 4 star. For a Friday night, we got seated right away, waited about 10 minutes for our orders, and our drinks were always filled. We were disappointed they didn't have the mango with sticky rice, but understood that it's seasonal so we got the coconut ice cream instead (also delicious and my 3 yo devoured it in minutes). Can't wait to go back and try their other entrees!
5	My wife and I had a Groupon for the Weera Thai Restaurant at 3839 W. Sahara Ave. in Las Vegas so we decided to give it a try. Are we ever glad that we did! My wife had a holy basil chicken dish which she said was really fine and I had the sea bass ginger which was delicious. Both our dinners were perfectly prepared and served by very friendly staff members.. We felt that they really appreciated our business and there is no doubt that we will be returning to try some of the other menu items. If you like Thai food, Weera is a place you should definitely visit!
5	5 Stars. I would say, LOS is King of Thai food in Vegas (not anymore)Weera Thai is the Queen.Le Thai is a prodigal son.I have eaten several times at Weera, and I have to admire them because;1. portion is much bigger than LOS.2. price is cheaper than LOS.3. and best of all, they use really good vegetables. It doesn't simply mean it's fresh. They are tasty. Tomatoes, eggplants, etc etc,, Sweet and TASTY,,, I wonder where they get these veggies. Great that they don't overcook veggies, too.Oh, yes, you gotta try their coconut ice cream. It's the best I have ever eaten.Thai ice tea/coffee is dense and really good. Atmosphere and the location is not that great, but I don't care.I will definitely go back.
4	This was the 3rd consecutive trip in which we dined at Weera so you know we are fans.  It is a small mom and pop restaurant that excels at dishes from the Issan region of Thailand, but everything we have tried has been good.  This time we shared orders of Pad Thai and kai soi with chicken.  The latter, also known as Chiangmai, is made with wide noodles, coconut milk, chili paste, fish sauce, ginger, curry powder and a touch of sugar.  Both were very good renditions of these popular entrees, as was the service.  Pricing is moderate and becomes a bargain with the Yelp deal.
5	My wife and I come here about twice a month and always enjoy it.  The staff is always smiling and friendly.  The food is very good, especially the Tom yum soup!!! The fresh spring rolls are a great appetizer!!
5	Most of dishes are tasty and reasonable. Also service is good. We live in Henderson.Only problem is too far away.
4	Great food, good prices, friendly service, nice Thai decor.
3	Our experience on the first visit was way better than the second time with regard to taste and portion. I thought I was the only one who noticed but my husband did too. Tom Yung Shrimp was way too salty and the portion of the Pad Thai was cut in half for some reason. Anyway, will still be back and give it one more chance.
5	Great food. In many Thai restaurants the food is too salty, too spicy, too much. Everything was excellent here and tasted special.The spring rolls were wonderful, the soup was delicious, and Kung pau was perfect.We will come back when in Vegas.
5	This is now my favorite Thai restaurant.  Have been there about 6 times now, and each dish was Great!  Whoever the chef is,  they know what they are doing!
5	This has now taken the place as my fav Thai restuarant. I first went here because of Groupon. They were extremely polite and happy that I had the Groupon. It seems most places that sell them get mad about having to redeem them. I love the Panang. They also make it as spicy as I order it. Most Thai places take a look at my blonde hair and green eyes and I get a 1 on the spicy scale. I work with Thai people and I can eat hotter than hot. My husband always orders sweet and sour and it is delightful. It's not that sticky, sweet stuff. It has a light thin sauce. Delish. I haven't ordered the wine yet as we always go for lunch. I think I'll buy the deal and take my sister and family tomorrow.
5	Just had potentially the best Spicy Basil with Chicken Lunch special I've ever had.  This might not be a big deal to you, but this is MY ORDER at Thai restaurants.  It's the first thing I usually go for at a new place.  Spiced 4 out of 5, it had the perfect amount of kick that I like without leaving me in tears.  The best part of it goes along with something I mentioned in the previous review, with the chicken being of the sliced variety and not ground up like I'm used to.  Even though I love the version of this dish at Archis and Pin Kaow who do it ground up, I always wanted to find a place who did it well with nicely sliced pieces of chicken.  Many times the restaurants that attempt it leave you with chunks of fat on the chicken still intact, or the slicing job looks more like Leatherface from Texas Chainsaw got a hold of it and not the fine carving skills of Michael Myers.  To summarize:  THIS CHICKEN WAS RIGHT!And I finally remembered to order brown rice!   Oh and the Egg Roll was fantastic.  Hoping they can keep this up, they really earned this 5 stars today.
5	My family loves Weera Thai.  It's our go-to place.  I tried it out for the first time now about 1.5 years ago.  It's always really wonderful.  We usually get the crab sticks, sometimes that large soup (I think they are all great) the papaya salad (the best!).  We love it all.  Haven't had anything there that wasn't hot and super yummy.  We have probably been there 15 times now.The only deficit I would say is that once in a while, the service is a leetle bit lacking.  Nothing major though and the servers are very nice, always!  Would also love it if they'd install a soda machine.  Nothing like cold Coca Cola (with free refills)  to go with the hot and spicy food of Weera Thai.
4	Came in on 7:30 on a Saturday night to a nearly empty place, was briefly worried. The very pleasant waitress made me feel like I was back in Thailand, and brought me a Singha beer. The green curry was VERY GOOD and VERY BIG with a mountain of eggplant! This is easily the biggest $9 curry I have ever had, and also one of the best. Any future trips to Vegas will include a trip to Weera Thai!
4	Good place to get good food, it's that simple. You'll get what you want and you'll probably like it. No drama. Just leftovers.Portions are good, and since you're in vegas, that's saying something. It's clean and the servers are friendly and attentive. Heck, they even have a yelp deal, what more could you want in a restaurant?
2	This place has been on my radar for three months now. I finally made it for lunch a few days ago, and I have to say -it was a disappointing experience.  I chose menu item F-6 (Spicy Thai Holy Basil with chicken) -which was stir fried chicken, onions, chili, and Thai holy basil leaves. The chicken itself was sliced -not ground and was a little tough and dry. The dish appeared to be swimming in grease -instead of a sauce. I didn't know sliced chicken could be greasy... The level 3 spice out of 5 barely registered as spicy, and as a result the food was bland. Why do most Thai places skimp on basil? I thought this was a dish that featured basil?  Instead, I found myself on the hunt looking for basil underneath the rubbery overcooked chicken. The restaurant itself is clean, quaint, and inviting. My order was done in 10 minutes which was nice considering I was on my lunch break. However, I would rather they took their time to make sure the dish actually tasted good. I won't come back as there are just too many good Thai places to choose from in Las Vegas.
3	The interior is nice. The menu looks impressive.  I bought the comb on yelp 8$ for 15$.. My favorite soup is Tom yum. I ordered that but they made the soup soo sweet n its no taste sour at all. I have to ask the waitress for couple lime n mix w the soup..
2	I went for their lunch special, but they ran out of soup. They also ran out of eggrolls. They also ran out of curry. It took forty-five minutes for them to make new curry. The extra star is for the service. Our waitress was very nice and apologetic about things which she couldn't control. After I ate, I also ran out. I'm not running back in either.
4	I came here only for Khao Soi soup and they did not disappoint me. I was told the owner is from Chiang mai and Khao Soi is probably the most popular dish over there. I was literally transferred to the streets of CHM. The only thing what i could object is that the noodles stick together otherwise perfect.
5	Great Thai food! We made a spontaneous decision to stop in here for a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon. The place is nice and clean and the service is friendly. The best part is the food, though! I had the sweet basil with chicken and my hubby had the duck ka pow. Both were excellent! My only complaint is that we like really spicy, so we ordered ours as a 4 (out of 5.) Both were very flavorful but not spicy, so next time we'll order 5s. But there will certainly be a next time, because we'll be back! This place kills Archi's, King & I, and other local Thai restaurants.
5	We ordered the tom yum goon, larb (duck), Orange chicken, and pad thai, 1-2 spicy on a 5 scale.  Very fresh shrimp in the soup, large tomato chunks, onions, mushroom, and great spices.  The Orange chicken was cooked to perfection, most places make it too soggy.  Not here!  The pad thai (pork) made me cry tears of spicy joy.  A great meal!  We could have bumped up the spice on the larb, and added some more spice to tone down the rich duck flavor.
4	Food was pretty good. A little further off the strip than I would like & with so many options near the strip although ill give food two thumbs up slight chance I wouldn't go out way to visit again. However if I'm in dying need of an Thai craving while in Vegas this would be the place 2 go. Friendly Staff
5	Service was excellent and the food was great. We have been back many times for the Pad Thai and Coconut Soup.
4	My coworkers picked Werra Thai for lunch.  I had yellow curry with beef off the lunch menu and had a water to drink.  I think it was $8.95 plus tax.  Great meal for a reasonable price.  There were four of us.  Each dish came out as it was ready instead of waiting to serve everyone at the same time.  A little awkward for some to people to eat while other wait, but not really a big deal.  It came with salad, soup, egg roll, rice, and the curry.  I really enjoyed it.  Very flavorful.  My coworkers complained that it was too spicy.  They ordered zero or one on a zero to ten scale.  Perhaps a one to a Thai person is an eight to an American.  he he he.  I recommend Weera Thai.
3	Food is decent, but would like my food spicier. Great lunch specials. Not worth going out of your way for, but if you're in the area stop for a quick bite.
5	Great food. Excellent service.
1	I ordered delivery through eat24 tonight and ordered the tofu pad Thai along with an order of cashew nut chicken. I was surprised to find out that the cashew nut chicken doesn't come with rice and it does not state on the menu that you need to order rice separately so now I'm stuck with a dish and no rice. Super disappointed and will not be ordering again from here. Taste is ok on the pad Thai.
2	This place would get 4-stars, if not for the service.  Their pad thai is some of the best I've ever had.  They have other solid menu items, and for a great price.I have been here about 10 times.  On my last visit, I ordered a pad-thai with no spices (like I always do).  The dish came out very spicy, uneatable for me.  I told the waitress, who said that I couldn't send the dish back.  I told her to ask the manager, which she did, and was told I had to accept the dish.  I said it was too spicy, I don't eat spices and this wasn't what I ordered, so I wasn't paying for it.  She said okay, so I ate my other (I was really hungry) dishes and left for the Hawaiian place next door (which is amazing).That was the most absurd experience I've ever had in a restaurant.  The management clearly didn't care that either their waitress (who barely spoke English) or their cook messed up my order and a repeat customer was unhappy.  With actions like that, I'm hard pressed to see how they will stay in business.
1	so this is an update to my first review and same order. I had ordered the sticky rice as well and when I was eating it, I found a straight white hair in the middle of the sticky rice. I know its not mine or anyone who lives here because it was straight stuck in the middle like it was cooked into it. so gross!
4	Great quality food and the servers are really nice!
5	I found an online deal for this place the last time my husband and I were in Vegas and thought that it would be fun to give it a try( we find that the restaurants on the strip are over rated) This place was just hat we needed! It was empty when we arrived, but everything came out of the kitchen fresh and favorful. The staff was also very accommodating(my husband and I are vegetarian...so they were great about not including any fish sauce, etc. in the curries that we ordered.)My husband had the red curry with tofu, which was yummy and I had the spicy eggplant with tofu. Both dishes were piping hot and served with rather large portions. We asked for both to be medium spicy and the spice was just right. The red curry had great cocounut flavor(wasn't overpowered by the coconut milk). Both dishes were served with rice. We had little doggy bags to take home because we coudn't eat anymore!I'm glad I found this place and it definitely satisfied our Thai craving.
4	very good thai style dishes - excellent customer service and a very good Yelp deal =] strongly recommended
4	Small cozy place. Service is decent. I come here specifically for the crispy pork with Chinese broccoli. It's heaven. I wish San Diego makes it as good as they do! I nice hidden gem of Vegas.
4	Small restaurant but amazing food! I had the tofu fresh spring rolls and they were the best I've ever had!! Hole in the wall but decently priced for Vegas and a great place to have a peaceful and quiet dinner away from all the crazy nightlife.
5	We missed out on the Yelp Deal, but went to dinner there anyways.  They were located in a small strip mall on W Sahara Ave/S Valley View Blvd in Las Vegas.  Their prices on the internet need to be updated.We ordered the Crispy Pork with Chinese Broccoli, Pork Green Curry, and Spicy Shrimp Salad.  The 3 entrees came out within minutes of each other.  The Crispy Pork with Chinese Broccoli (Kana Moo Krob) was perfectly prepared in oyster sauce.  The pork was crispy and the Chinese broccoli was not overcooked.  This is one dish that is best eaten at the restaurant so the pork stays crispy.The Pork Green Curry had eggplant, red peppers, and green peppers.  The pork was tender and flavorful.The Spicy Shrimp Salad had 9 good sized grilled shrimp with the tails on, tomatoes, red onion & cilantro, seasoned with spicy lime juice.  I ordered it Thai Hot and it was Thai Hot.  I did not even need a spicy tray.We will be back.
4	Good food and good service. I am glad to live somewhere with good Thai food options again.  Warning the spice is on the mild side I asked for 5 the spiciest and barely tasted the heat...
4	Been going here for couple of months now on a weekly basis. The consistency is perfect. What I enjoy most is the Flavors of the food. Each dish has a enjoyable taste to the pallet. The atmosphere is well crept, clean and feels very relaxing. The service is always friendly and warm. If you are looking for a restaurant that excels on these traits this is place.
3	This quaint, clean, and casual eatery is my new go to place for my pad Thai, curry, or papaya salad cravings.  Plain simple folks serving and dishing out oh so flavorful lunch specials.  Here's to downhome Thai cooking!
5	Amazing food.... I have no words.
5	Excellent food and service. Very authentic Thai food. Nice decor also.
4	I've been here a few times now. Their food and service have been consistently good and they have the best fresh spring rolls! Even my picky boyfriend left happy!
5	Good value.  Great food.  Excellent Service!
5	In the mood for Thai our friend suggested this place I was up for trying a new spot.  After pulling in I started to question his choice but upon walking in, wow really nicely decorated and everything was sparkling clean!  We came right before happy hour ended (it ends at 7pm) so we ordered a couple of half price apps to start.  We decide to eat family style and just try a bunch of new stuff.Our appetizers included fried tofu, thai egg rolls.  Our dinner included the specialty that everyone who comes here seems to talk about fried papaya salad, amazing but eat it fast because after it cools not as good.  Pork Larb, a new dish for me it is a citrusy  mint meat dish, delish when eaten over rice and definite redo.  Panange chicken curry my boyfriends favorite dish quite good here.  Fried Mussels coated in egg batter, not my favorite dish seemed overly oily but the size of the mussels were large!  We finished with the sticky rice and mango, mango perfectly ripe and the creamy flavored rice do to perfection.I tried a bit of everything then went back for seconds on the items I liked best which was everything except one so needless to say I was beyond stuffed.  I think this place is gonna give Lotus a run for it's money.  I will defiantly be back!
5	Best Thai meal I have ever hadI can't explain why. I have had Thai that I've liked, and even loved, before. Weera is located in an area with tons and tons of Asian restaurants, so I imagine competition is fierce. All I know is if you are in the area and you choose Weera, you won't be disappointed.
5	Yay for authentic thai food in Vegas!My cousins were visiting from Thailand and we decided to go off the strip to find dinner that would make my cousins feel right at home. And we found it! I thought the prices were quite reasonable for a thai food place, especially in Vegas but of course my mom and cousins thought it was a bit expensive because they're use to good cheap thai food. Sorry guys. We ordered soup to share which was really good but my cousin said a little bit spicy and it wasn't spicy at all, cream cheese wontons, chicken wings with sauce on the side, and other stuff I can't quite remember but everything was really good and had a great taste to it. My favorite was the mussel cake or hoi todd which I thought was cooked perfectly. Not too crispy, not gooey at all, perfect texture, perfect sauce. I really enjoyed it and felt like it really hit close to home. Overall I would definitely suggest Weera Thai if I'm back in Vegas and my friends are craving authentic thai food.
3	Great location....service was good. But taste was not great.
5	My husband, daughter and I had lunch here today before flying out from the Las Vegas airport. Their lunch specials were excellent - great flavor and great value.
4	Clean, well taken care of spot that happens to deliver to my area so I am soooo lucky!I am in love with their squid salad.They love having kids at their restaurant too- with plates brought to the table especially for them. Excellent service!
5	Careful, you might overlook it. It's kind of hidden with all the other shops in this packed strip mall on Sahara. But once in the restaurant, it's clean, cozy, well designed. The staff is extremely polite. I always gravitate back to my comfort food - Pad-Se-Ew. It met my expectations. Good sized portion, great taste. I loved it.I've been here about 5-6 times and will continue coming.
4	Yummy loas/thai food! friendly service! I love their duck nam tok (duck salad) soooo good. Would recommend this place!
2	The service was nice, the food was mediocre, and the Thai tea... TERRIBLE. I love Thai tea and I base my reviews on Thai restaurants around them. I was expecting a great deal from this place considering the reviews said "Great Authentic Thai food!' I think the reviews led me to expect too much.
4	I'm a fan. Lunch specials every day -- that includes weekends -- are from 11am - 3pm. Each item includes soup, egg roll, salad, and rice. And they don't skimp on portion size. Chance are you'll leave satisfied. The yellow curry was awesome, although could have had a little more chicken. Pad Thai and the cashew nut chicken were excellent too. Service was friendly and quick and prices are inexpensive.
3	We came for lunch today and ordered from the Lunch Specials menu.  They had 9 entrees to choose from which included Tom Yum soup, salad, and fried egg roll.  The Thai Tea was only $1 at lunch.  They were located in a small strip mall on W Sahara Ave/S Valley View Blvd in Las Vegas. The Tom Yum soup and the salad came out at the same time.  The soup was warm and was served in a tea cup.  The salad was of good size and had a ginger dressing.I ordered the Pepper Garlic Sauce Shrimp Thai Hot.  It came out at least 10 minutes before my friend's entree.  Awkward.  There were 6 shrimp with the tails on with carrots, mushrooms, green bell peppers, scallions.  There was no spice at all.  I had  to ask for a spicy tray.  The vegetarian egg roll was bland.  The amount of sauce with it was sparse and watery.My friend ordered the Yellow Chicken Curry.  She ordered it mild and wished she had ordered it medium.  She took half of it home.  The server boxed the leftovers.  I wish I had ordered one of the curries, because it looked good.  I really enjoyed my Spicy Shrimp Salad that I ordered last time.  It had the appropriate amount of heat. I would not order the Pepper Garlic Sauce Shrimp again.I will give them another try.
4	The food here is great! Almost everything I order here I enjoyed very much. From the sausage, larb fish, beef broccoli(ka na moo gob)larb beef and tom yum. But the service here is average.. We use to love coming here with the family cause the gentleman that owns this place is very nice. He would alwayse ask us about the food, if we enjoyed it or not. But the wife on the other hand would never smile at us alwayse seems like she did not appreciate our business, maybe because we were thai lolz and probably think we don't tip well "WRONG". . Anywayse,if you like good food , veera thai is a good choice.
5	I ordered take-out for my girlfriend and myself as this is one of her favorite restaurants. I'm very glad that I did, it is definitely one of the best Thai places I have tried in the valley. The food was delicious and fresh and the employees greeted me with a smile when I picked up the food. They even gave me free drinks! I'll definitely go again.
5	My wife and I will be here at least once a week. It was amazing.    Great service as well.
4	Was delicious food!We ordered shrimp Tom yum soup, chef's choice: soft shell crab w panang curry, and beef pad seew. Yum yum yum. I would go there again.
4	Are there any sucky Thai restaurants out there?  I'd be hard pressed to find one.  The small differences in flavor I believe are a matter of personal preference.  So it really boils down to the dining experience for me.  Weera is a low-key, intimate space with soft lighting and a conservative selection of sakes and wine.  When we went, there were couples on dates, families with kids, groups of friends and a table of 6-footer models.  I think anyone would be happy with this space and food.  Service was great but quite slow on a Friday night.  The first bite we had of their pad thai was bit of a letdown, but the next few bites we took must've had some voodoo spice or spell because we were loving it more and more.  It was a dish that did not wow you with a punch, but the flavors crept up on you like the butler on Mr. Deeds... very very sneaky.  We also had the Thai chicken wings, sauce on the side for my little man.  Bad idea.  There wasn't any flavor on the naked wing.  The final order was Crispy Pork Basil.  I haven't heard my hubby say it in a long time but he muttered "Holy Lord God."  He was enamored.  To me, it was very good, close to perfection with its slightly sweet buttery sauce, the balance with crisp vegetables and the yummy fried pork (normally I like to keep the sauce off fried skin to keep it crisp).  Overall though, we were very happy with the food.  They even provide kiddie plates.  50 brownie points right there!So many Thai options... but we would definitely go back to this one.  Wee heart you Weera!
5	We started out for a return visit to Baan Mae Toy.  When we got there they were preparing to close.  They would have served us, but we found out that, despite the long conversation we had with the owner the last time we were there, they still had only a very limited selection of wine, and nothing we'd drink.  The owner suggested we go to Weera Thai, just a few doors down.  Alas, he may regret his decision to send us there.At nearly 10 p.m., unlike the empty restaurant we'd just left, Weera was hopping, and we got the only available table.  And they had the Riesling we like to drink.We ordered soup, and when it was served, it wasn't the Tom Kah Kai we usually order, but the Tom Yum Kai.  It was my mistake, and the waitress (owner?) offered to change it, but we decided to keep it.  And it was beyond delicious!We shared a Mussamun Curry with beef, and for once I gave in to hubby's Pad Thai request.  Both were excellent, and the Mussamun had the distinction of having much more "stuff" than the vacant bowl of sauce that we've experienced at too many other Thai restaurants.Service was excellent, and we think we've found our new favorite Thai place.
5	I'm from Thailand, and I can say that "Weera Thai Restaurant" is one of the best and most authentic Thai restaurants in the US!! Believe me! My Thai friends and family love this restaurant too.
3	Was ok the spring roll was pretty good... Can't say too much about the seafood soup..... Wayyyy tooooo salty.... The service got better at the end but it should always be consistent... Took too long to place my order... They need a little more staff. Very pleased about the Thai rice... I gave 3 stars due to lack of service and salty soup....
4	Absolutely love this place and they deliver.  I have dined inside the restaurant once and the service was spot on.  Pad Thai is filling and very tasty and I love the spicy beef salad.  In the neighborhood or live close by give them a call.
4	Had yellow curry with tofu and pad see yew with tofu. Pad see yew was awesomeYellow curry had really nice flavoring. My only complaint was the veggie to curry ratio was way off. I couldn't eat it with rice, otherwise the curry sauce would have been gone after 5 bites. Tofu was cooked nicely. Will still come back again.
4	Love it. So good and quick delivery if you're in the area. Green curry chicken and pad Thai are awesome. Also the fresh rolls with shrimp.
3	Disclosure- I go here like 2 times a week. It is good, it is not insane good and I'm still morning the loss of now closed Thai BBQ's Tiger's cry and crispy spicy catfish, but it is totally solid and perfect for lunch. The waitresses are always cool. All the curries are great. It is family friendly, but kind of boring. I'm glad they got rid of the old fake fishing rod decoration (which I now miss) but the new decor is not making me feel so homey and comfortable- its kind of sterile, but whatever, great food. its solid and never disappoints, just not amazing.
5	Had to review again!!!!!    Forgot how much I love the food.  Had the pineapple fried rice for the first time and it's and explosion of flavors, the crab sticks were crispy and delicious and the pad Thai and beef salad still are the best in Vegas.  I am just disappointed that I forgot to order the mango sticky rice.  The delivery guy was really sweet and I just have to add how much I love this place.
5	Incredible!!  Fresh food.  Restaurant was spotless.  Including the restrooms.  Great service.   Highly recommend!
5	I really liked this place!  The food was fresh, portions generous, and service was shockingly friendly.  We ordered pineapple fried rice and Pad See Ewe.  Both were delicious and left no room for complaints.  Will return the next time I'm sick of eating at buffets.
4	Love the atmosphere of the restaurant!  I had some kind of seafood green curry.  It was my first time trying green curry, I'm still not sure if I like it.  I am looking forward to going back for date night as the atmosphere is so nice but also cozy.  I will try something I am more accustomed to like yellow curry, or noodles.  I would also like to try the soups.  Service was great!
5	When my husband and I moved here we went to many Thai restaurants and this is our favorite. Their Thai Teas are great and the food has never let us down. We usually get the  Massa man Curry, Thai egg rolls, and Pad Prik King. The flavors are good, they are accommodating to personalization, prompt on checking on you, and super friendly.We always had the same waitress at the beginning and she knew our order and the ladies there always would say hi and play with our young son if it wasn't crowded. I have taken friends there almost every time they come to town and they all enjoyed it too.
5	Wow, couldn't be more impressed! After trying to find a decent thai place on Yelp, we decided to go here.. and I absolutely love it! Located in a run down strip mall on Sahara, its always hard to venture off into some less lit parking lots. Great vibes from the moment you walk in, the decor makes it feel very home-y and authentic. I ordered the shrimp and mushroom Tom Yum soup, and with every bite it kept getting better and better. I should've ordered a large it was so good! Next you can never go wrong with some Thai Beef salad but this one was amazing. On their range of spicy-ness from 1-5, I ordered a 3 and it was perfect. Not too much spice you burn your mouth, just enough to enjoy the salad. Finally we asked the waitress what dessert she recommends, and she mentioned the Bua Lua (Taro) dish.. oh my.. what a way to top off the whole meal. Its a warm coconut milk with boba like texture balls..  definitely ordering that again! The whole spontaneous decision to find a thai restaurant was totally worth it after finding this place, my new go-to spot!
5	This place has yet to disappoint and always hits the spot. The yellow curry is excellent.
4	I'm excited to find another delicious thai spot in LV. Like I've said in my previous reviews, I'm picky about my thai food. Mainly because I come from Seattle where the thai food is top-notch. We ordered a few of their lunch special orders which included tofu phad thai, chicken phad thai, panang curry, and a gingered tilapia dish. Although the food did take a while to come out, it was VERY good. The phad thai was moist and tasty, and the panang was delish. The portions for lunch are fairly large too, had to take some home.
5	Great little hidden spot for some great authentic Thai food. Good lunch special for I believe 7.95 or 8.95... I get the red curry chicken ( really good and a nice big portion). Located in a strip mall - this place is lean and nice inside with good service!!
5	perfect thai restaurant in las vegas. if u missed thai food, u should go try it. u will not regret. friendly. good food. reasonable price. except one thing. thai tea is not refillable.  means they charge every order. if a lady asks u, "more tea?" u know what you have to do.
4	I went there last night and for some reason I don't feel like the food is as good as it used to be. Could it be that maybe the chef has changed? The one thing that I do get that I always like there are the crab Rangoon's and the green curry. Still the best Thai food around though!
3	I've been wanting to come to Weera for a while and found a opportunity today to pop in for their lunch specials (available everyday 11am-4pm). We decided to share chicken panang and tofu pad thai. All entrees come with soup which I was pleased that it was tom yum broth with mushrooms. the salad is standard iceburg mix, but the sesame peanutty dressing on it was better than most offer. Eggroll was standard, but decent. The panang was good. I like the lime shreds on top for some aromatics and the curry sauce is thick and rich. If you like a more coconut creamy panang base then you'll probably enjoy the way they style the curry here. I like all kinds, depending on my mood and today the creamy style was agreeing with me.Tofu pad thai had decent flavor, but it was too saucy. It had a mouthfeel closer to carbonara than stir fried noodles and neither of us were fans of it. Don't know if this is just the style they do or if it was a mishap. The portion sizes, specially considering these are lunch specials, were very generous and come at a great price since lunch specials are $7-8. Thai ice tea was a good sweetness to tea ratio. Best of all, during lunch they're only $1 as well as thai ice coffee and soda. They also have a happy hour for drinks and appetizers though I missed what time that was at.I can see potential in the food, but since one of our entrees was just alright, I think maybe a 4 is high. I will be back though as the dinner menu had some interesting Issan regional dishes and I can always be into curry!
5	We love Weera Thai! We order from them frequently and their food is consistently amazing! I genuinely think they have the best Thai here in Vegas! Definitely try the Yellow Curry and the Thai Iced Tea! My real reason for review however is how they handled a problem... I ordered a vegetable soup that was described as "Mixed Vegetables in Clear Broth" when it arrived it was loaded with mushrooms. I can't eat mushrooms. I wasn't expecting mushrooms since they aren't a vegetable and weren't listed. So I explained the situation and Weera promptly refunded my credit card for the cost of the soup... HOWEVER what really impressed me was following that conversation they went online (I order online) and updated their whole menu with the ingredients to protect anyone with food allergies in the future. That is what I'm talking about people! Customer service at its finest! Thanks Weera! Me and you are gonna be GOOD FRIENDS!  And I'm off to order some curry!
5	Great delivery service and great thai food. I've had the beef noodle soup, crab rangoons and pad thai many times. All are great
2	Terrible service!! But great food. Appetizers came after entrees. Asked to cancel it but they said no bc it was almost done. Charged me for it anyways. Ugh. Coulda been 5 star but put me in such a bad mood bc they didn't really seem remorseful after all their mistakes. Whatever. If you eat here order takeout.
4	This place is very authentic... I like their larb phet, gang sap, and the service is is nice.
5	Great green curry with tofu, awesome spicy eggplant with beef; more food than the two of us could finish; and with (adult) beverages, tax and tip, still around $30.  We'll be back.
4	Very good food. Can a bit of a wait, bit that's a good thing when you want freshly prepared food. Friendly service.
4	Love this place! Incredible service, great food and awesome atmosphere.The cost is great too for a budget! May be my favorite in Vegas!
4	It was a last minute search to find a Thai restaurant nearby and I was so glad to have found this one!!! The Pad Thai was absolutely delicious and spring rolls as well. Definitely coming back to try out other things on the menu next time!
5	This place served a real authentic Thai food. reasonable price. Love it!!
5	Yummy Tom ka gai soup. All the food was very good and came out quickly.
4	Lunch special - $7.99!  I tried the red curry with tofu lunch special.  It came with the tom yum soup and a salad.  The curry was very good, not too sweet.  The lunch also came with an egg roll, and I was pleasantly surprised.  It was perfectly fried with the perfect crunch.  The sweet sauce they give you to dip the egg roll in was also perfect, not too sweet. I love the decor inside; it gives a more-than-usual modern feel to most Thai restaurants in town.  They also have a bar, which looks like a full bar.  The service was also great.  I am definitely coming back!
5	Their Panang is so delicious here!  I could swim in their curry... it is so flavorful whether it's red, yellow, or green curry.  They have many lunch specials to choose from, and the service matches the food-- it's great!
4	BF and I had a god-awful thai experience at Pam Real Thai recently, but were still craving a good Thai meal. A friend recommended Weera, and in we went on a Thursday evening.Happy Hour menu of apps and half price drinks from 6:00-9:45PM, we opted for the fresh duck spring rolls ($8)- a huge portion served with a tasty marmalade-like dipping sauce. The rolls were packed with duck and fresh herbs, most notably the flavorful mint that other places skimp on or leave out all together. Definitely a dish I'd order again.Next we shared a hot pot of tom kha kai, which was delicious and boiling hot, packed with tons of chicken, cilantro, mushrooms, and ginger. Very flavorful, really hit the spot.BF chose the beef pad se ew entree, at the recommendation of our super-sweet server- and we were not disappointed. The noodles were super fresh and chewy, great texture that was almost like velvet. I haven't had fresher noodles since we were in Chinatown in the Bay area.Last, we opted to box up our entree leftovers and share a dessert: mango and sticky rice. It was plated beautifully, and the flavors were spot-on: mango was perfectly ripe, rice was warm and had the perfect texture, and the sweetness was not too overwhelming. Service from both of the ladies working throughout our visit was top notch: drinks were refilled before they even got half empty, we were checked on repeatedly between courses, and they had radiant smiles on their faces every second. I've received lesser service at five-star with much higher price tags (and expectations). The service here was genuinely the absolute best I've had in recent memory- and their food was top of the line, too. Food is priced well: for all of the above, our bill was under $40 before tip. This is definitely a place we'll be back.
4	I absolutely love Thai food!!! I've searched for a good restaurant while visiting Vegas and came across this one and read the reviews. I must say thank you!!! The service was great and the food even better. We received our appetizer fast and hot and our drinks cold and in clean glasses. Our entrees we so delicious and there was plenty of it that I had to take mine back to the hotel. They have happy hour specials as well. The next time I'm back in Vegas I'll be sure to return to Weera Thai Restaurant.
4	My girl friend moved to Henderson for medical school in 2012. Since we both love Thai food, we started exploring around Las Vegas area and came across Weera Thai restaurant. A couple of years ago, the restaurant wasn't THAT famous as it is now. The decor was simple and so was the menu. Now there are a lot more items on the menu and it looks more fancy! The food quality has been excellent so far and it is one my favorite Thai restaurants in the US. Whenever I visit Henderson, we try and eat at this place. The Tom Kah Kai soup is heavenly... Green/Yellow chicken curry, Pad see ewe, and papaya salad are my favorite! And now they have changed their hours and are open for service 7 days a week! Plus they deliver to the strip! Their happy hour is good and prices are very reasonable. If you love Thai food and are in the Vegas area, you MUST eat here!
3	..
5	Ok so the reason why I give it 5 stars because they have a particular dish that they make better than anyone else..in Thai it's called kao moo dang and moo grob.. basically it's bbq pork and deep fried pork belly over rice and Thai sweet tamarind sauce that goes over it.. if you want to try something besides tom yum or tom kha or pad see ew or pad Thai then come here and try this dish..it's awesome
5	I finally broke down and ordered lunch from here with my co-workers--what a pleasant surprise! I had the broccoli with oyster sauce. The portions were perfect and it was very flavorful! I will def order again.
3	Great food quality.  First off, parking can be a pain if you're there during peak meal times, as it's right off of Sahara in a mini strip building.We ordered to eat family style and got:  Calamari, Yellow Chicken Curry, Duck Pad Thai, Seafood Pad Thai, Fresh Spring Rolls, Spicy Eggplant and the Mango with Sweet Rice for dessert.  Everything was delicious.  The Seafood PT had calamari w/o the batter and even had muscles.  Something out of the ordinary for me, a seafood lover.  The Eggplant had a good kick to it, but delicious and is great to have as a veggie dish.The Crabstick appetizer is very popular because we originally ordered it to start with, but they were out.  So probably a must try!The 3 stars is only because of it's location, parking, and distance from my house.  I feel as though with all the competing restaurants in Las Vegas, I'm sure to find one just as good closer to me.
5	Authentic Is all I have to add. I love the dining experience. Reminded me of my moms cooking. Not to the T but still a hint of home :)
5	As aficionados of Thai food around the country, and having given up on Archi's Thai in Las Vegas, we've been thrilled for the past year to frequent Weera Thai, and here is why:  The environment is charming & well designed, and the music is so unlike every other restaurant.  We can actually have a conversation!  The employees, from the chef to the wait staff, are wonderful people who truly care who came in to dine.  The menu is fantastic in its variety, and their specialty is duck.  For vegetarians, the tofu eggplant is divine & they will accommodate any appetite.  We love the chicken basil (or eggplant), Pad Thai shrimp, all of the curries, several duck specialties, mango salad & daily specials.  Weera also has happy hour 7 days a week which includes great drink prices & several appetizers.BON APPETIT to you at Weera Thai!K I K I
5	My favorite Thai spot in town. I do wish they had stuffed wings, but the amazing peanut sauce they serve with the fresh spring rolls makes up for it. I love the pad Thai lunch special. You get tons of food for a measly $7. They also have $1 Thai tea during lunch. The service is always fast and the staff is friendly.
4	The Weera Thai restaurant is a great find in Vegas. The restaurant is clean, inviting, the price is very reasonable and the service is excellent.Our party ordered the following dishes and we all thought they were really terrific. The ones that were exceptional were the shrimp mango salad (spicy level 3 - ranges from 1 to 5 and 1 being the mild), Tom Yum soup, fried rice and the Thai nacho was interesting and rather tasty. Shrimp mango saladTom Yum Kung/Soup (Large)Green curry with chickenSalmon PanangThai combination fried riceNachos with larb and basilMango sticky riceBeer - HeinekenWe also got a complimentary ice cream sundae for checking in on Yelp!It pays to be an Yelper!
5	First time here. Place very unassuming. Utter ugliness on the outside but beautiful inside. Came here for lunch. Quick service. Food is very good. Our waitress is friendly. Nice decor, nice plates, big serving. Allowed us to take out our Thai tea as we were too stuffed without charging us extra, against their policy. Got free ice cream for checking in on yelp. Will come back again. They have a stamp card.
5	Tom Kah Kai was amazing!  Pepper Garlic chicken, Ginger chicken...drool.  First experience with this place and we were all thoroughly impressed.  We ordered late night takeout just before midnight.   Everything was nicely packed in a brown bag and all the entrees were individually wrapped with plastic bags outside their respective containers.  Guy with an apron greeted me outside when I arrived and said they were waiting for me, then he opened the door for me.  On my wait out I asked the guy if he made the food and he said "yeah, we make", then I pointed at him and said "did you make it?" And he said "Yeah, we make."  I thanked him, smiled and drove away.
5	Recommended by a friend and finally decided to try it. I had the fried tofu appetizer which was amazing, very crisp outside and soft inside. The sweet sauce that accompanied was delicious. Entree was vegetable fried rice. Great flavor no need for additional soy sauce which was rare for me. Had plenty of fast and the rice was cooked perfect.
5	It was my first time there. Have mango salad, papaya salad, tom-yum noodle soup etc. i love my tom-yum noodle soup. Definitely coming back! The only thing that held me back is the price. Kinda expensive compare to other thai res.
5	The only reason I am giving Weera a 5 start rating is because Yelp doesn't give the option of 10 stars. We've been coming here for over a year now, and we adore it! Not only is their food amazingly cooked, their service is quick and clean, and their workers are hard working and so extremely nice, but they also give to the poor (what I witnessed today! I was so unbelievably proud to be eating there These people are angels!) NOW, the food... I have yet to not like anything on the menu. Everything is so good and cooked to perfection. One of the best thai restaurants with outstanding service and amazing food. ps: make sure you tell them you checked in they give you complementary ice cream! Love it here!
2	Lunch special only  till 4 pm . $7.99. Okay food nothing special that would make me want to come back. Service was just OK. Overall, I have had way better thai food else where .
5	The food was delicious!  This was our first time here and we were not disappointed.  Great food, cute little restaurant and great staff!  The shrimp with glass noodle salad was very refreshing and the deep fried pork with basil was very flavorful.
1	Truly disappointed !  The joint was nice but truly overrated by News 3 Wake up with the Wagners segment.  We asked for beef salad and squid salad. We were then asked by the server how hot 1 to 5 ( 1 being low. 5 being high). Well we asked for a 2   All the while , 2 customers sat after us and were served before us.  FAIL!!  When we got our order, the beef salad was perfect. The squid salad was at a 4 or 5 spicy level. We asked our server to take it back. She refused. Got stuck with it. No tip for her.  Will not be going back any time soon.
5	This place was recommended to us by a friend. Definitely worth the drive off the stripe for such great food, great service. Will be back for more next time I'm in town. Dreaming of it now that I'm home.
5	This restaurant has amazing, tasteful, and good Thai food. It has excellent authentic Thai food. The service is very friendly and kind. They have an assortment of curries that are very piquant and tasteful. Also the Thai tea is excellent and not too sweet with great flavor.
5	The mango salad is delicious and fresh.the chicken larb is very flavorful and has alot of texture to it. I love their thai tea and the crab sticks are the best I have ever had. They are crunchy on the outside with a delicious flavor of crab inside. The plum sauce if fresh and compliments them well.
5	we love the Thai food at Weera, can't wait to come back! the fried papaya salad is a gem, so is the happy hour. all the sauces and flavors are top notch. we are regulars now
4	Consistently good quality food at reasonable prices, with good service.  Particularly like the wide rice noodle dishes in gravy, larb, panang and other thai cuisine classics.
4	We really enjoyed this place!!! We found it through Yelp and the reviews were right on the money!!! The Pad Se Ew was off the hook and so was there Spicy Eggplant!!! Fresh ingredients and quality as well... Would highly recommend it too anyone!!!
4	First thing I noticed was how clean the place was. Also (I know this is going to sound weird) but I really appreciated that the bathrooms were in the back and had a door separating them from the restaurant. The dining area is small, and I can't stand when you can see a bathroom from where you are eating, the last thing I want to hear is a toilet flushing while I'm eating. Onto the food. My friend I was with had never had a papaya salad before (one of my staples when I'm eating Thai) she doesn't like spicy food, so I had to tone it down for her, we ordered 2/5, it is true Thai Chili spice, so be careful when ordering. This was perfect. I ordered the Garlic Shrimp, this was the chef's special, it wasn't your typical garlic shrimp that I'm used to ordering. The shrimp are actually pan fried and served with the shells on. I was trying to be healthy, so I was a bit disappointed when I saw that it was pan fried, but it was really good. If you're not ok with eating the shells, I wouldn't bother ordering this dish. My friend had the Tofu Panang, she raved that it was the best she has ever had. Their menu is $3-4 higher on each dish than other Thai places in town. They do have a full Issan style menu.
5	great option for eating off-the-strip, especially since it seems there's a thai restaurant on every block around here. i used the eat24 app to place a to-go order because I wasn't sure if they delivered to the hotel or not. at any rate, we were greeted warmly as soon as we entered the restaurant - surprised at how quiet and pleasant it was inside considering its location. tastefully decorated, too. we ordered the chicken satay (our three-year-old's favorite), fresh spring rolls with shrimp (large portion, couldn't finish it! very fresh, nice ratio of veggies to shrimp), pad thai with tofu (medium spicy was just right; lots of tofu pieces, too), and house fried rice with chicken. it was too much food; i felt bad we couldn't eat it all. will probably order the satay, rolls, and pad thai again especially since we're in vegas for another two days. it's so nice to find places off-the-strip with great food, value, and service!
5	Love the food! The duck curry is delicious.  Been going here for years. The service is good and the owner is friendly. Lunch specials are quick and easy too.
5	Still super yummy.  Love their Lunch Specials and the Tom Kha Gai is AWESOME.  They do have tea and coffee specials.  I love this place, when ever we go over there, we stop in.
5	I'm the pickiest person when it comes to thai because of a place back home I loved.  The coconut curry chicken is the best. E1 on the menu.  Add a little pineapple and cashews.  The sweet and the spice is perfect.
5	We got delivery as it was very hot and I was very tired. What a great experience still. Started with the wonton soup which might be the best I've ever had. So flavorful!Next was tofu spring rolls which were delicious. The peanut dipping sauce was so spot on. We ordered chicken in red curry sauce and Mongolian beef as our entrees. They were both so good, flavorful and well cooked and so not greasy. We also got pineapple fried rice which was excellent. Overall there's no wrong choices and this will be our new go to spot. Can't wait to try something new. :)
5	I thought I would never find a place where I can get $1 Thai tea.Location/Decoration/Atmosphere: Came here for lunch with a couple of friends. I was in awed at the place. The restaurant itself is located in a very shady looking plaza but in the interior of the restaurant is very beautiful!Menu: wide selection! you can definitely find your go-to Thai dishes as well as the specialty items. My sole purpose of coming here was to get the Laos style papaya salad with blue crap. I wasn't disappointed!Overall, I am planning on coming back. The server was kind enough to give me a rewards card (stamp card basically). I've never seen a Thai restaurant utilizing this!
4	Still a solid choice.  Came here after seeing The Book of Mormon for a late lunch, dined on their larb again, chicken panang and some other items.  All was excellent, except the BBQ pork was on the fatty side.  Servers here are always super friendly.
4	Tasty curry.  Great service.  Clean restaurant.The co-workers and I placed an online order for pickup after a recommendation from one of them.  We arrived about 15 min after the orders went in and the meals were waiting for us upon arrival.  Although we did not eat there, I will say the restaurant was extremely clean from what I saw.I ordered the red curry lunch special.  Great option with a lot of food for only $11.  Everything had so much flavor, it was amazing!Will definitely be going back again!
4	Love this place! The coconut milk soup us THE BOMB! It'll bring you back from death! And the green curry to die for. Excellent taste, very intense and fragrant and although the space is small, it's still not crowded and rather comfortable. I wish the waiters spoke a little more clear, but I guess that's what makes this place truly Thai!
4	Enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Had the chicken larb, chow mein, fresh shrimp spring rolls, and spicy fried rice. All of the dishes were very tasty, not overly sauced, and fresh. Would definitely recommend trying them out. When in the parking lot keep your eyes open otherwise you'll pass their store front!
5	FANTASTIC!!!!These guys know the basics about customer service infused with super-flavorful thai food. We've been coming here for a year (about 8 times). Friendly, fast, clean and fresh tasting thai food. I'd give it 10 stars if I could. Not in a fancy big box stand alone building but clean and worth the visit. You won't go wrong I promise. Try the Pad Thai, Deep Fried Tofu and 'F5" Spicy Thai Basil. Fresh and mouthwatering. Oh and the price ... very affordable. ENJOY this GEM!!!!
5	First timer.We ordered chicken satay , beef larb, pad see ew  and sea bass. Oh and chicken curry fried rice. It's really not that hard to mess up chicken satay , but I'm really picky with my peanut sauce since I've tasted some horrible stuff before. Thank God this place got it right.All the other entrees are good. Not too little , not too much in size. I like this place so far. I've got nothing to complain about this place yet.
1	Not good. Red curry had lots of spice and no flavor. Chow mein was a thin ramen looking noodle. Tons of MSG! Made us sick. Very overpriced! Cloth table cloths were covered in glass, but the part that hangs over my lap was VERY dirty!
4	The food here is really delicious, pretty pricey but the portions are big enough to feed 2-3 people. BBQ Beef there is really good, how they cook it varies, I had a few slices that were medium rare and well done, but still very good.
1	the worse customer service ever , they're my neighbor and i order almost everyday and they never give me  a complimentary or free stuff , they have lunch special everyday from 11 am to 4 pm i called 5 times before 4 pm they didn't  answer the phone until the special is over and when they answered and i told them the situation they said nothing they can do,  as always , never go to that place anymore  my message to them is that customers always right so u can have successful business .
1	Extremely slow service. I ordered just a regular entry and my friend also ordered similar.  I sat there for 20min and after he finished his food I was served.
5	Favorite thai restaurant:) they have awesome pad thai! It is my go to place to take my friends to! worth the drive from summerlin:):)
3	Some small changes over time begin to add or subtract from a great neighborhood restaurant.  Just so with Weera.Originally a great spot for lunch, their lunch special began a lowering of quality by dropping the Tom Yum soup cup for a tofu soup.  Then, the pricing went up by a dollar for all lunch specials, and some that were a standard price went up another dollar.  On my last visit, I ordered the red curry at spice level 5.  I got lukewarm red curry, with spice level 0.  In addition, the egg roll was still cold in the center.  I'm going to find a new lunch spot.
4	Have to try the green curry it's so good. Didn't have time to take pictures. My wife and kids just couldn't wait. Also ordered the tom yum, chili Mint chicken and are pretty comparable to most Thai joints in town. The ISSAN dishes are also flavorful. We will definitely come back. Just to add, they have a stamp card. One stamp for every $25.
4	Weera Thai is a cute space in a rather dingy strip mall.  My brother and I stopped in for lunch. We took advantage of the lunch specials ordering the Chicken Pad Thai ($7.99) and Mongolian Beef ($7.99). Both come with salad, soup, rice and egg roll. I enjoyed the Pad Thai, it was a good sized portion and a great value. My brother didn't like the Mongolian beef enough to order it again, but left satisfied. Unfortunately, service was sluggish. They had a full dining room so it's understandable. It just rules it out as a lunch spot, since we need to be in & out in under an hour. I would like to return to try items beyond the lunch menu selection; the Issan items piqued my attention.
3	Food is good. Service & environment a little strange, but it's doable.
4	Best fried rice I have ever had. I would repeat.
5	We took a party of 28 to Weera Thai to celebrate multiple birthdays.  It was excellent!  The food rivals Lotus of Siam and the service was amazing. They went above and beyond making us feel special and making sure we all were taken care of properly!  We will be back!
5	Just got back from my first experience at Weera Thai and I am very excited. This place has really good Thai food for reasonable prices. The lunch special was $7 and  is the best Thai food I have had.  This place will be a regular spot for me and I will definitely be taking my friends and family there when they come to visit.
5	Fast service. Delicious food. Thai tea is not too sweet and tastes homemade. And free ice cream for check in.
5	hands down.?this is,the best thai restaurant in Las Vegas......do not even think,of going anywhere else if,you are a co issuer of thai food. EverythingWe ordered,from this place was amazing.........we are back in Chicago dreaming about this place.....I would not recommend going to,any of the other supposed  highly rated thai restaurants k. Vegas especially if,you do.Not want to,be loaded up.with MSG!    Trust me on this one..
5	We have been coming here for couple years and it has improved alot. The decor is much nicer and the service is very friendly.We love the 7 day lunch specials and everything we eat here is very good especially the Penang sauce.
5	Love it here! Their panang curry is my favorite! Only thing I don't like is they don't do refills on plain hot coffee which they serve in a small tea cup to begin with, so 3 sips and you're done... I'd understand if it were a latte or thai tea but plain coffee? Hmmm
5	My favorite Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. Extremely clean and great food.
5	Great authentic Thai food. Highly recommended by a thai friend. Tom kak kai (coconut milk chicken soup) was delicious. Will definitely be a regular.
4	Yum... Wish it was open late night... That being said there papaya salad is fantastic they have fresh spring rolls that are delicious with shrimp or tofu...and there Tom Yum soup is outstanding.  Any time I visit my Nana or I am on this side of town, I always order Thai from Weera.  They also take American Express #bonus
5	I'm totally in love w/ Weera Thai, 2yrs ago my department decided to try something new for lunch. So we ordered from Were a Thai for the 1st time: GREAT lunch special, a entree, salad, egg roll AND soup. Yessssssss, all for $8.50 I was hooked. To us born Americans Thai for is well known for PAD THAI and Weera Thai does not disappoint. Noodles are aldente, veggies are crisp, meat juicy and tender and peanuts on top CRUNCHY. We eat w/ our eyes right? The plate is very colorful, it's so fresh looking, steam rising from your pile of noodles, I wanted t dive in head first. Be careful when you order HEAT aka "SpicYness", I'm all about spicy food and then I met my match. I asked for a level of 5, thinking that it was going to be some type of mediocre heat, baaaaaaaaby I couldn't finished my food was so hot. My eyes got watery, nose started dripping and I started sweating. BUT I couldn't stop eating it was so good. If you find yourself on Sahara/Valley View try out Weera Thai, if you are in fear of paying full price for something you may not like then go at lunchtime (you get a lot of food w/ the lunch special) or grab the Groupon or Yelp deal. If you are a foodie, you will definitely enjoy Weera Thai's food. By that's only my opinion, try it out yourself and see if your opinion about this place matches my opinion about this place.
3	Quite good. I usually frequent a different Thai food restaurant and my first time here was yesterday. As I dine on leftovers, i give this place three stars in comparison to my normal. Maybe...2 months ago, I ate Thai food in Pinetop AZ...MOUNTAIN TOWN PINETOP, ARIZONA...I would give that place 3.7 stars (Not quite 4...). I expected more in comparison to what else is in close proximity to this place but I do love Thai food in all forms so it's not bad but I've had better.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant.  There are menu items on here that is not served in most other Thai places. Dishes like Khao Soi (curry noodle) and Hoy Tod (mussel pancake) to name a couple.The beef noodle soup stock is house made from real beef stock and not bouillon like most Thai places.,Ott
4	Ordered the chicken pad Thai. Level 3 wasn't as hot as I would have liked but good flavor. The Thai tea was delicious. The salad dressing on the lunch special salad was awesome as well! Will definitely come again!
5	The best Thai Food in Las Vegas. Well, that's just my opinion, but I've eaten a lot of Thai Food. The Duck Spring Roll was unbelievably good. Huge portions and so fresh. My Pad See Ew was perfect. Noodles were really soft and the flavors were spot on. Sticky Rice with mango excellent as well. They also have a happy hour starting at 6 pm which I would also recommend checking out. There is a huge difference in quality of the Thai food restaurant to restaurant here in Las Vegas and I would put this place as the Golden Standard.
4	We came in as a group and had dinner here. We ordered the pad thai, duck salad, fried rice, pad see ew, tom yum soup, fried ribs.The pad thai was 4 stars. The noodle was perfectly cooked but lack of flavor.The duck salad was very good but next time I'll ask for minus the ground rice seasoning which made it very gritty.The fried rice was okay. I didn't taste any flavor to it other than plain rice that was fried up.Pad see ew was delicious and not dry with plenty of flavor.The tom yum soup was traditional tom yum flavor with lots of mushrooms and peppers only a few shrimps. The ribs were very tasty chopped into tiny bits. If only they were chopped bigger so that you can actually taste the meat verses a bunch of bones. There wasn't that many pieces of ribs on that tiny plate full of garnishes. Each plate varied apprx. $10+ dollars which didn't include rice.  They charge $1 per person for rice which adds up if you go with a large party.
4	Okay I've been to Thailand,  cooked Thai food Professionally and eaten  since 1985... This place rocks. Great Tom ka gai,  and some of the more unique Thai dishes. Very much worth it.
4	This is a nice little clean Thai food place. I have eaten there about 9 times and I have never been disappointed. The service is great the servers know me so they always to take a seat any place they are very nice my food is fresh tasty and prepared in a timely fashion. And they never rush you to hurry up I want to give this place four and a half stars but I didn't know how to make that  star half so they got 4 stars good place to try it out.
5	Consistently delicious.  I frequent this place about once a week.  I have not had a bad dish yet.  My favorites are beef jerky, red curry, massaman curry, curry fried rice, and spicy eggplant.  Their heat scale is 1-5.  I usually stick with a two.  Anything more and I will go through a gallon of water.
5	This is officially one of my top 3 favorite Thai restaurants here! We came here last night and ordered Beef Panang Curry, Rainbow Fried Rice, and Tom Yum Kai soup. The soup was super flavorful and had the perfect amount of spice. The thought of it makes my mouth water! The Rainbow rice was a little too sweet for me, but I could see it being a popular dish. My boyfriend liked it, but I liked it better without the pineapple bits. The Panang Curry was to die for!! After our first bite we both just stared at each other and said, "oh my god." I don't know what kind of coconut milk they used but it was probably the best Panang curry I've had here. We got it in a spice level 3 (out of 5), but I'd probably get it in a 4 next time because I think it'd be even more amazing with just a little more spice added. It came with a side if white rice, but after we ate all of it we ended up pouring it on top of the Rainbow rice which proved to be a good idea. Since we ate so much rice, we got full pretty fast and got a little of everything to go. Needless to say I'm pretty excited to eat leftovers tonight!5 stars in my bookBonus: they have drink happy hour from 4-8 (possibly 3-7, so you might want to verify)
5	I order for delivery to my hotel mgm grand.food coming fast less than 30 mins and very yummy thai food .
5	The best thai food I have ever had. Their fresh spring rolls are amazing and pineapple fried rice is a must try. Definitely recommend this to everyone.
5	This is the best Thai restaurant in LV!! I used to live in Bangkok for three years. So this restaurant has genuine Thai foods. Actually I really love here because waitress is so friendly and kind and nice,they are always smiling brightly also. If I've the chance,I'd like to go to eat everyday:)
5	This is truly a hidden gem. I have driven by here a million times....past the run down strip mall...even knowing of the great reviews I always tell myself...LATER...BUT finally I stopped in for lunch with a friend who works down the street and I was very very impressed. Fresh Thai food with an attention to detail that is a step above Le Thai downtown....and corkage is $10...what more do you want....
5	I really, really enjoyed this place.Having been to another small Thai restaurant just a minute down the street (also delightful) I wanted to give this place a try, so I met up with a good friend of mine and we tried a few dishes family style.Great crab fried rice, everything else was also delicious. Our server tolerated my rusty Thai speaking abilities, and in we had some left-overs which were still delicious the next day (Thai food does tend to stand up in the 'fridge).Definitely up at the top of the list of Thai places in this area, and I always like small business, family-owned, traditional... great place, definitely check it out.
5	We are definitely coming back here! Panang beef is bomb! Papaya salad is aight compare to filipino papaya salad.. and all soups are the best! Tom yum are phenomenon...
5	This is a less known thai place in Vegas. It is about 15 minute drive from the strip. The food was awesome. Just what you expect at a thai restaurant. The service was quick. I called them and reserved  a table in advance; hence the wait time was minimal. Even otherwise, there was no much crowd here (visited this place on a saturday night).The next time I am in Vegas, I am sure I will visit this place again. I tried Spicy chicken fried rice and veggie fried rice. Both were excellent.
4	Weera Thai is a solid restaurant. Fully packed around lunch time, has some good food.- Lunch combo- Yellow curry- Crispy chickenAnd finally, received a check-in bonus vanilla ice cream as a dessert. Pretty good.
3	If it was not for the fact that it took about 15-20 mins for them to remember us after we were seated then I would have given them a higher rating. By this point, no one had came over to get our drink orders, but we were well prepared with both our drink and food orders by the time that they remembered us. During this time frame, we both tried to make eye contact with one of their 3 servers to no avail. Onto the food!The Crab Rangoon was definitely packed in there and it had too much cream cheese for my taste, but my boyfriend loved it. Continuing my quest for my favorite panang curry in town, we ordered the Chicken Panang Curry at Weera. It was pretty good here with just the right kick of spice and there was a lot of chicken in the curry. We also ordered the Kao Moo Dang and Moo Grob and it was pretty tasty. It has BBQ Pork and Fried Pork Belly covered in sweet tamarind sauce and served with rice.
5	The best... Yes, THE BEST THAI!! Every dish is consistently amazing. The waitresses are so friendly and cute. Their larb, Tom kha gai, pad ki mao, beef salad, papaya salad, etc melt my brain every time! I don't watch tv, but if you like to watch it, there's about 20 TVs packed into this tiny restaurant. The happy hour drink specials are great. If you don't like Weera Thai, I don't like you.
