5	I've been going to various Jiffy Smog locations in Las Vegas for years. You might pay $5-$10 bucks more here than at other "bargain" shops you see in your junk mail fliers, but they won't screw you over or try to upsell you on services you don't need. The super friendly (and cute! Bonus! LOL!) technician had me in and out in three minutes flat. They also have the capability to renew your registration for you for an additional $10. I won't take my car anywhere else.
1	Avoid this place if you own a diesel!They advertise that they do diesel smog tests, and they even sent me an ad card to my home address. When I got there, they said my vehicle is smog "exempt". They told me to drive ALL the way to the Sahara DMV. The emissions guy at the DMV said, "they have no clue what they are talking about". Turns out my vehicle is not exempt. I went back to let them know this info. The attendant, without explanation, opens my trunk and begins to rummage through my spare tool kit. He pulls out the tow bar, which had never been opened from the plastic, ripped open the plastic and proceeded to the front of my vehicle. After a few seconds, I hear him begin to grumble and curse under his breath. I walk around, and to my complete shock he is taking his screwdriver to the front air dam and trying to unscrew and pry it off. When I asked what he was doing, he exclaimed, "What Am I Doing? I have to tie down your car so I can get it up to 40 mph." I asked, "why do you have to do that." He replied, "is this your first diesel?" I told him I have owned this vehicle since 2006, and I have never had to go through this before. I told him to stop what he was doing,and I promptly looked up on my phone for another location that does smogs on diesels. Found one on Trop.,across from the Orleans, that did the smog test with no problem in about 15 min. It also didn't involve my tow bar or a screwdriver. If this location only does certain types of diesels, that's what they should advertise. Sending people across town because they don't know what they are doing, or are scared of liability issues could all be avoided if they were just up front. They get one star from me only because Yelp requires it.
5	Friendly, efficient, and full of useful recommendations that I wish I'd received before wasting my time at the DMV yesterday.  $23 and in/out in 7 minutes flat.
