3	So they close the place for a month, rearrange the couches, put up some new photos on the wall and NOW they're able to justify hiking up the cover charge since they've "added a fantastically new lush, sexy setting".  It's basically the same place as it was before.  It's not a bad place though.  I hate most of the LV DJ Mashup crap so many of the big clubs play here.  The whole "Don't Stop Believin" segway into Nirvana into Sweet Home Alabama etc just gets old.  How do people listen to this every weekend and still get excited?  So as the only place on the strip to hear hip/hop and R&B, you got to respect it at least a little.  Corona's were $6 and appletini's were $11.  I think the drink prices are still the same.
3	I was here on Thursday night, 11/15, for E-40s Birthday party; my birthday was on Saturday so I thought what a better way to spend it than with my homie E-40 Fonzarelli, Harry Bellafonte. Prior to my trip, I was scouring Yelp for a good Las Vegas club. I'm not a house music or a mashup person, so it was pretty hard to for me to find a club that I liked. I came across the Poetry website (which is the old OPM) and saw that E-40 was having a bday party. I was determined to get on a guestlist or at least get in. To do that, I found an e-mail for a representative from Poetry (you're not going to find it on the website, you have to google Poetry Night Club), e-mailed her and she called me back the next day! My guy and I still had to wait about an hour to get in. We waited in a special guestlist line. I was worried about my guy not getting in because you hear about all these LV club horror stories, asshole bouncers, etc. The guy was really nice. He didn't even check names for the list, I think just the fact that folks even knew about a guestlist line was enough. I was free, due to the nice guy who flagged down taxis at the Monte Carlo, because he gave us passes, my guy was half off, $15.The club itself isn't that big. There's one main dance floor, a VIP area which looked big from the outside. It was hyphy bay music the whole night which I loved; however if I were at a club at home and that's all they played, I wouldn't enjoy it. Just the fact that I was in LV and in a place that felt like home, I enjoyed.There were of course celeb appearances, Too-Short, Suga-T, Luenell (from Borat, the hooker that he calls up and then goes to the country bar with), Snoop Dogg, and the Bday boy E-40. I'll post pix soon. He performed a few songs on stage, rolling 50 heads deep!Also there was the hottest go-go dancer I've ever seen in my life. She had an amazing body, great skin, and pretty but a bit Amazonian, not like Xena. It's worth visiting the club just to see her.
4	So it's a Saturday night and my friends and I were at Caesars Palace to go to Pure, but that turned out to be sooo whaackk. So we left Pure and decided to just gamble for a little bit, and while sitting at some slot machines, a young lady probably in her mid 20s came up to us and asked if we wanted to go to a new hip-hop club in the forum shops. We definitely were not going back to Pure, so we decided to follow her. It turns out she was taking us to Poetry, aka the old OPM.Anyway, we get there and there's a line formed outside the door. But she handed us free drink tickets and spoke to the bouncer and he escorted us into the club through the side door up the stairs. He led us to a vip area where we sat down with some dudes who gave us drinks. We were also able to get a free drink each at the bar with the passes she gave. The place itself was small. I walked around the entire main floor in like 2 minutes. But the music was 100x better than Pures, so I was happy. They weren't lying when they said this was a rap/hip-hop club. The DJ played straight hip-hop/rap/bay slap all night, all very reminiscent of music I'd be hearing if I were home in the Bay at a club. So that was a major major plus. All in all a good night. If you're in a group of all girls, don't settle for less than getting in for free with free drinks. The lady who brought us there said it was basically her job to search the casino for "hot girls to take to the club". No lie, that's what she said her job was. So try to run into her! Haha. I'd go back if it were free again.
1	Place is okay, not really my type of crowd. Music was good though, rap & Rnb.VIP lounge was nice, but small and away from the dance floor, didn't like the PINK vodka though. Overall not the greatest experience!
4	I don't know how many times I get asked this question, but it comes up a lot. Where do the nightclubs in Las Vegas, come up with their names? Well, for Poetry Nightclub, it's pretty much self explanatory as soon as you step inside. On every surface you can think of, you'll find quotes from famous poets. Pssst, the quotes are even on the napkins.Poetry, billing itself as THE Hip Hop club in Vegas, sits above Chinois inside the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. If you're interested in getting an up close glimpse of Hip Hop and Rap stars, this is really the place to be. On any given night, you might run into Snoop Dogg, E-40, Carmen Electra, and many other celebrities. Hey, you never know, Tupac might even pay a visit.My recommendation for Poetry Nightclub, is to get one of the two private balconies. Your choices are the Rockstar Room, which seats 40, or the Red Room, which seats 100. Either choice you make, know there is a bottle minimum, so choose wisely.
3	Poetry was off the chain...no doubt. Michelle Williams from Destiny's Child performed Saturday night, and man...the crowd was active and the drinks were on point.  I got a Seven-n-Seven and was RIGHT for the night!!!!! Anybody, that has been here knows about the crowd....damn near....imposssible to move, but let me tell you....Poetry has some of the best acts in the Hip-Hop industry. Go there and give us the 411 on Yelp.com
5	After our horrible experience at Drai's the night before, I frantically yelped a hip hop club in Vegas.  This is what I found.I called the club around 7pm and I was suprised I was still able to get on the guestlist.  I gave the lady my name and told her +1.  I asked how much it would be because I was bringing my bf.  She told me I'd be free and my bf would only be $15, but be there before 11pm.  Since our hotel was across the street that'd be no problem.  Sweeet!We got there around 10:30pm and the guestlist line wasn't long at all...only about 20 people.  We got in with ease, paid the $15, and when I walked up the stairs to the club I was greeted by ladies with empty champagne glasses.  She told me ladies got free champagne before 12am.  You know I was going to take full advantage of that!We were instructed to go to the balcony bar that overlooks the forum shops.  Got my champagne and the bf got his dranky drank.  The bartender was really cool and apparently it was even his first day on the job.I liked that on the balcony there were a few spots where we could sit and enjoy our drinks without paying for bottle service.  We chatted and sipped our drinks for a bit and went straight back to the bar for seconds.  It seemed like every drink we got were only $11 each.  It's a couple bucks more than SJ, but for a Vegas club, you can't beat that.  The music.  The music was freakin' awesome! STRAIGHT HIP HOP...my other love haha.  They played everything from old school jams (like Onyx "Slam duh duh...let boys be boys!" LOL), hyphy, Tupac, and new cuts.  The bf and I literally danced our asses off hahaha.  The dancefloor isn't too big and got REALLY packed.  But hey...it was CRACKIN'!!!!!!!!!We got sooo faded, we called it an early night and walked back to our hotel.  All in all we had a fun ass time!If you're tired of top 40 and mash-up clubs (like MOST in Vegas) this is the spot for you.  I'll definitely return the next time I'm in town!
4	This is were you go to hear hip hop all night long. There is free champange for the ladies until 12pm, the staff are nice, and everyone is here to dance there ass off. Between 1:30-2 is when the party really gets started and goes and goes and goes. Also DJ Kid Capri was there and he turned it out. Another cool thing, There are actully places it sit couch benches and tables around the club to sit were you dont have to pay for bottle service!!!  the place is not as big as other clubs but damn it was fun
3	It's OPM with a face lift.  VIP was full of amateurs.  All that being said, it's a good place to go when you want to see brown people and dance.  With the number of promotions they run, if you are a chick, you should NOT have to pay to get in here.  I have had fun dancing here, but this is not the typical Vegas mega-club or ultra-lounge experience.  Depending on who you are, that is a good or bad thing.
5	As a former Vegas resident, whenever I go back to that city of sin, I always try and stop by Poetry Nightclub.  The club differentiates itself from other clubs in Vegas because it does not take itself too seriously.  The bouncers, promoters, hosts, security, and even the owner come down and talk to their guests like individual people rather than a hassle.  All the other clubs in Vegas seem to treat individuals as if they are lucky to get into the club, Poetry Nightclub, on the other hand, treats their guests like guests.As an example, after a hard days work on the Strip, I stopped by the club.  Since I was a part of the Nightlife Industry, I had no problem getting in and was shown to a table in the VIP section, where I could sit back and relax after a stressing a day.  Apparently, the owner noticed and swung by with a bottle from his personal collection, sat down at my table, and poured me a drink.  Nowhere else in Vegas will the staff treat you like a human being, and so I would definitely recommend stopping by and saying hi.
4	If you have to wait in line and some of you will this place is worth it. The decor is excellent and the music was great. The crowd was decent and the drinks were pricey but strong. If you're club hopping in Vegas give Poetry a try.
5	I loved loved loved poetry. The music and atmosphere of a bay area club , but in beautiful Las Vegas. All of the bouncers were so nice and not pretentious at all and the music , oh the music, I felt like I could have danced all night long if it wasn't for the 4 inch heels I was wearing. We had gone to TAO the night before and met some guys from Las Vegas who said Poetry was poppin so we thought we'd give it a try. We got on the guestlist around 3 with no problem ( maybe it's because it was a group of girls) and didn't pay or wait in line at all, but we did get there around 11. It's smaller than your typical Las Vegas club , but I didn't really mind because I still had room to dance. There is also plenty of places to sit when you get tired. Oh the best part: the drinks are hard. I think my AMF was 80% liquor and 20% of whatever else they put in it. I will definetly be back.
3	If you are a fan of an all hip hop club, this club might be for you.  I gave this club only 3 stars because of the lack of recent hits they played.  Love in this club was the newest hit they played, so I was a little disappointed.  The size of this club is very small.  If you are one who does not like the high profile huge clubs, then this one will be good for you.  The best part Poetry is that there are seats...and it is not in the VIP area!  Free seats!
4	Poetry is great. Love the music and the vibe. Straight clean hiphop, no stupid mashups. Lots of bay slappers.  DJ AM was spinning I believe and it was all good. Props to oliver letting us roll in no problems. Nice bouncers, nice bartenders, nice crowd. Everyone out to have fun. This was the only club to get pat downed at but I felt like this was the club I was least likely to get into a fight in. Only complaint is the crowd. Being asian I felt a little left out. I would like to see a more diverse crowd but if you love fitted brothas and fine dime piece sistahs, then this is your place. Dude that night in the middle of the club needs to put out that blunt though....
3	we were walking around caesar's when some man approached us and asked if we wanted to get on the guest list for a club called poetry. i was going to say "what?" because ive never heard of poetry ever...in my life. but before i could question him about what kind of club it was he told us thered be free unlimited champagne for the girls til midnightwe were sold. right after dinner we walked over to this club at caesars (which is actually located at chinois, they just turn it into a club at night) we kind of stopped ourselves before we walked in because we realized that..um...we were the only asians there. anyways whatever...we wanted our free champagne. gave security my name and walked right in. we got our free champagne glass and downed as many glasses of champagne as we could and left.. i'm sure its a great club. oh we later realized that it was a hip hop club. i love hip hop....but we just felt really out of place! i almost didn't feel cool enough to be there.......but thanks for the champagne, guys.
4	I like Poetry because, as mentioned in other reviews, its straight hip hop and not too pretentious like other Vegas clubs.  I've been here a couple of times on either Thursday or Friday, never paid or waited more than 5 minutes to get in.  Its pretty easy to either get a free pass to enter before midnight, or to find someone to put you on their guestlist or give you a wristband.  Anyway, the place overall is decent, somewhat small, but that lends to its vibe.  Though its not really a complaint, when lots of people are dancing and you're not, you can definitely feel the floor moving.  Drinks are good and it doesn't take an hour to get them.  Its kind of a pain in the ass that they shut down the entrance back into Caesars casino at a certain time, I really hated having to walk through the bowels of the Forum shops and outside to re-enter the casino.  But other than that this is always a great place to go if you want to actually dance and don't want the DJ mixing too much mess into your hip hop/rap/reggae.
2	The music was great, but the crowd sucked.  It was about 11 p.m. and the club was dead.  Short cut line and our free drink cards promised a great start to a fabulous night, right?  WRONG.My girls and I decided that we were going to get the party started by being the first ones on the dancefloor.  Too bad there were too many haters that would just walk by and give us dirty looks.  Eww.  I'm sorry, but the last time I checked, wearing sunglasses in a dark club at night was just plain stupid.  Not my crowd.  I'd rather go to Pure.
1	The music was great, I Heart Hip  Hop, but the crowd killed my enthusiasm! My girls and I showed up after 11:00pm and it was dead! But we still decided to give it a chance -we traded our free drink cards and headed on to the dance floor...only to realize we were the only ones dancing!!! As I looked up I realized that there were a lot of girls starring at us down giving us dirty looks! (WHOA) the last time I checked what you do on a dance floor is DANCE not stand around critizing others!...We felt completely out of place like if we weren't cool enough to be there.......I didn't bring my sunglasses to sport them out in the dark (I didn't know what was still cool) and also we felt a little too dressed up since I saw girls in leggings and flip flops! Could you please try a little harder?...LOL....not our type of place!!
4	poetry is  the shit! make sure u get on the guestlist so you wont have to pay so much...the club was playinn hip hop for the entire night and the crowd was cool no drama. the only thing that i didnt like was unless your in v.i.p there is no where to sit i hate it!  besides that its coo. OH BY THE WAY fellas be carefull because there are alot of TRANNYS there so dont go rubbin on every ass you see cause u just might get a surprise buddy....
4	This is the spot on the strip where the Black hip-hop crowd goes.  Its got some beautiful/cool women and some straight HOODRAT hoochies.  I got a bad hangover my first night cuz I REFUSED to get shook down for 6 bucks for a water.  In retrospect, the $6 was not worth the hangover I had the next day, but come on, you aren't go lose much profit if you give away free glasses of water.  I met some really nice women in here, but too bad I'm not down for the long distance thing.If you wanna kick it, come here.  If you wanna be seen, or like running around screaming your headoff while holding hands with your barely 21 year old girlfriends, then go somewhere else.On a unrelated note...while walking here the first night, I saw a man wearing some girl Ugg boots.  He was just a normal guy wearing girl Uggs...I had to do a WTF double take.  After a quick google search, I learned that there are guy Ugg boots...but he was clearly wearing the girl ones.  I hope he was from another country and just didn't get it.
3	If you want an all hip-hop club, then this is definitely your place.  The crowd is average (a bit.. err.. hoochified?), but the music makes up for the atmosphere!  Drinks are flowing, music poppin' and if you are with your friends it makes for a great night.. Cover was $20 considering we got there nearly 2am!  From my recollection, when it was "Opium" the cover was slightly higher.. Dance floor gets crowded, and people are really pushing their way through.. girls give dirty looks, and guys are checking out the booties.  I would say twenty times more than any other average club.. All in all the music is absolutely awesome, but the crowd is a drawback.. dont get me wrong, there are some great looking guys in there.. but its not always fun to be compared to kim kardashian.. :-/ .
5	THE BEST HIP HOP NIGHT IN THE COUNTRY!  POETRY IS THE Shiggidy!!!   F@#! WHAT EVERYONE ELSE IS TALKIN ABOUT.  IT WAS SO OFF THE CHAIN IN THIS DAMN CLUB!  Just let me tell you...After being in Vegas for a few days and DOIN IT BIG, I thought we would be bored here.  We got on the guestlist early on Saturday and told to be there  AT 1100 and ladies get free champagne until 12.  We're girls we didnt make it!  So, after showing up late we try the guestlist anyway.  The bouncer let us in, YAAAAAAAYYYY!  We hadn't even waited 5 minutes.  We took the journey up the flight of stairs into the club.  It's a small club, not really spacious at all.  The bartenders were all girls and the drinks were THE BOMB WITH A NICE TIP, OF COURSE!!!!  They don't play IN VEGAS AT ALL!!  There weren't many people there at the time and everyone was sitting around.  We go to the back where the free champagne was after getting a cocktail.   They have a bar in the back that overlooks the Forum Shops and I just think that is so ILL!  THE CROWD IN THIS PLACE IS SO LAID BACK AND EVER SO FRIENDLY!!!!!  I MET NIECY NASH UP IN THIS PIECE!  She was so friendly and humble without the uppity attitude!   I'M A CERTIFIED FAN NOW!   I met this girl in line that looked like Asia (pic uploaded) from Baldwin Hills on BET...then the Patron started coming.  The crowd was so laid back. Even the other girls were friendly. The men  were actually respectful but still about their game.  THERE WERE NOOOOOO FAKE BALLLLLLLERSSSS!!  REALLLLLL BALLERS IN A CLUB ON HIP HOP NIGHT!!!!  YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!  The reputation of this club being off the chain definitely proceeds itself.  I was told to come here countless times and I am soooooooo happy I did. Unlike allllllll the other Vegas clubs, THEY HAVE SEATING FOR THEIR PATRONS THAT YOU DON'T HAVE TO PAY FOR!!!  BIG PLUS ON THEIR PART!  We ended up in VIP with a birthday party and they were DOIN IT UP!!  Overall:  Poetry has all the elements to make for a memorable Vegas experience.  Celebrities, Good Bouncers, GOOD MUSIC, GOOD DRANK, SEXY MEN with money in their pocket, friendly women, and PLACES TO REST YOUR FEET!!  It doesnt have all the trickery and Vegas club decor.  But still one of the best nights I had in Vegas.  GO TO POETRY ON SATURDAY..PERIOD!!!
2	Was an ok hip-hop club. The cover was 20 for girls and 30 for guys. My drink (Vodka and Cranberry juice) didn't taste that strong. Once you leave, you cannot go back in, and it gets really stuff pretty fast. I loved the music, but the DJ would play it for like 30 seconds and switch. That annoyed me to no end. Would I go back? I hope I don't have to.
5	I wish we went here during my recent visit to Sin City.The last time I went here, it was tons of fun-- ALL Hip-hop club, BAY AREA music, cool folk. Some say its where all the ghetto people go, but for real.. from what I remember they bring the F U in FUN. Poetry is sooo LIVE!
4	Poetry is located inside the Forum shops at Ceasar's Palace, and heres the lowdown:Crowd:  Mostly of ColorDress code: Dress to impress, guys no Tennis shoes but jeans ok.The Price: I got in for $15 or $20 from the guest list, i forget, but its discount price before 11 on guestlist (we got there at 11:07 but they still let us in).The Drinky Drink:  Expensive but good.  The bartenders are friendly, they tend to show love when you show love.  My girl even spilled a shot at the bar and they replaced it free of charge.Music: Hip Hop and R&BSeating:  Buy a Table or chicken hawk the bench seating near the barOverall fun Factor: a definite stop for anyone who likes hip hop music, dancing, and having fun
3	mmmmm. Well there certainly nothing poetic about Poetry Nightclub in the Ceasar's but my experience left me on the fence. First of all it is exactly the same as the old OPM with a couple of wall paintings they added. On the positive side, the music is the best mix of top 40 and new/old school hip hop in Las Vegas, maybe even the west coast. Drinks are decent, and the bartenders are all friendly and attentive. Also, with the downturn of the economy, the line is almost non-existent or not as ridiculous as in days past.  The guest list is also pretty easy to get on. For the negatives, its ghetto. If youre not sure if you agree with me, the thorough pat down search you receive when you walk in will assure you of that. The dance floor get ridiculously packed and some idiot always feels it necessary to smoke next to you. Also I felt a bit overdressed in here. Timbalands, jeans, and a polo seemed to be the popular uniform. I enjoyed the unpretetiousness of the crowd, friendliness of the women, and very much enjoyed the music.
4	I researched this club first and found it was the only hip hop club on the strip so you know that was a go ! I was told to get there b4 1100 to get in free but I had tickets to KA and it let out at 1130 and that at the MGM . So we did'nt make it until 12 or so . The cover then was 20 for girls and 30 for guys and now a wait maybe 40 min os so but Finally we got in during the day it serves as a restaurant so the decor was nice and the music was banging and the crowd was in party mood !  I did not get a table but we were able to cop a bench by the bar in the back also chatted and partying the night up with my new found buddies from L.A   If you like hip hop and sexy mama's and fella GO !
3	Only came here b/c we got passes and it was on way to another club.  You have to really like hip hop to enjoy this club!  I do so I had a blast!  Also liked that I got free champagne and they had a $5 drink special (this was on a Thursday).  Be aware, it IS a little ghetto but the music and reasonable drink prices help compensate for that.  Overall, not a bad place to start your night although I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to come here again.
4	Went to Poetry on a Thursday night and the place was packed. $20 cover for Vegas is not too bad. The dance floor is is pretty small, but there is enough room to get your groove on. They played some good music, mostly top 40 hip-hop and r&b. When my friends and I arrived we had already been drinking so we did not have too many drinks, just a few shots which were reasonably priced. If I go back to Vegas I will definitely hit up Poetry, best club I been to out there by far!
5	I find it entertaining when people complain about a Las Vegas nightclub because the club didn't accept passes or didn't give free tables on MEMORIAL WEEKEND????  (05-22-09 to 05-25-09).   Please people, realize NO popular club in vegas will lay down the carpet for you on the second busiest weekend of the year.    Poetry has one of the best reputations on the strip for hip-hop and urban nightlife.  Call their guest list (1-800-465-8700) and come early.   You will have a great time.
2	I just recently got stationed in Las Vegas about 4 months ago so I can almost consider myself a local. Poetry only cares if you are spending money. Thats it. Im not trying to say that Im against spending money but only if it is well worth it. I called to get on the guest list and that was a major hassle. The guy I was speaking to couldnt really give a solid price because T-Mac was suppose to be there for a B-Day Party. I was thinking to myself,  and?? Just give me a figure so we can plan our night. He was quoting somewhere around $2500 for a table for all of us NOT INCLUDING entrance fee and gratuity. I had six friends visiting me(4 girls 2 guys) and they wanted to party so I figured since 97.5 radio station brainwashes their listeners to go to Poetry, I figured why not? We all decided to skip the bottle service and just dance and drink all night with the rest of the non bottle service folks(figured we would have more fun anyway) As me and my friends head out that night we arrived to Poetry and begin to stand in line, I called the guy that I spoke to about getting on the guest list. He approached me and said we could bypass the line with no problems or wait, just hook him up. I said cool. He said that we could get in for $70 per person and spot him "about $60".....Im thinking to myself...."you just came up with that price off the top of your head" WTF......over $500 is suppose to be the local hook-up price? Anyway, we said f*ck that and went to Pure nightclub which is right down the way. We waited in line for about 30 minutes to get in and it was $30 cover charge, BUT when they saw that we were all active duty military, they cut the price in half.Thats whats up. More money for drinks.By the way, I heard Tracy didnt even show up till 3 in the morning for his own B-Day party. LOL
2	RESPONSE FROM POETRY EMPLOYER.................................""Thank you for your review. However , I would like to point out a few things that are not correct. You say you were quoted $2500 for 6 people. This is a complete falsehood. 6 people should only run you $516.00 for a table and bottle. You also say you were quoted $70 per person. Our cover is $20 for ladies and $30 for gentlemen. If you wish to by pass the line then its standard to pay an additional $20 per person. Thus making your cover $50 for men and $40 for ladies. However, you can get on the guest list for Free or Half off before 11pm. Also, TMAC was there at midnight.""MY RESPONSE.......................Thanks you for your response. I guess who ever mans the door at your club was trying to make some extra money that night. You cant tell me that the doormen dont make any good extra money on the side. I dare you to say that they dont. Why couldnt I get a price quote for a table over the phone? Tell me that please. What is the percentage boost for a cebrity visiting Poetry? This should be known by all the staff to make it easier for guest to plan/budget their night out. Not everyone is a "baller" like T-Mac. By the way, is Poetry any way affiliated with club Kiss?
4	All 7 of us had a BLAST @ Poetry! The music was slam'n and the folks were dressed to impress.. Friendly quick bartenders & strong cocktails. By the sound of all the other posts I'm glad we had V.I.P. service from the moment we walked in the club! Bypassed the line, straight to VIP. One of the bouncers hung out with us all night and treated us like queens. Left Poetry and felt like my legs were gonna fall off from dancing so much! One - remark is that the club could use another 1000sqft. of dance floor 'cuz the place was packed!
3	5/30/09 - music was great!!!! hip hop, r&b and reggae... but it was HOOOOD!!!! thank goodness this guy i knew gotta table, which was away from the hoodness!
3	When: Thursday nightMusic: Hip hop, top 40s, and some rnb--def no complaintsCover: $20Size: Small dance club. VIP/ bottle service areas roped off a lot of the area. Vibe: A great way to ease into the night--not huge and overwhelming like other big Vegas clubs. No waiting in lines that never move.Perks: 1) Ladies drink free champagne before midnight (at least that night); 2) No line for the bathroom (and it was clean); 3) Quick and attentive bartendersVerdict: If I was nearby and didn't want to wait to dance I'd definitely return. Basic club. No bells and whistles. Just dancing. Good stuff.
3	Almost close to 4 stars like real close.Okay a lot of people were saying this place was hood, ghetto, blah blah but it was actually nice. I did see how people said it was ghett... For vegas.. this club could be way better though and it's in Caesars... *They did serve ladies free champagne before 12!Anyways we had a great time because they played music we liked all night long...Hip hop..R&B.. all that good stuff. Swaggin n Surfin..lolGood DJ!!  The security ppl working the VIP ropes were very nice and let us sit in the VIP seats that were mostly empty so we got to have our own space and dance in our own space! We really appreciated that cause our little  feet were hurtinnnn.Oh yea i forgot to add the venue  was a bit too small...Good times to add to the Vegas book...ahhhh...Song of the night: Lil Wayne: "Always Strapped" !!!!!!
4	So after our hell of a boring time at PURE we walked our drunk asses over to Poetry. The sound of hip hop was like a breath of fresh air. Our first appearance was Thursday night around 1:30 am (or should I say Friday morning?) No cover (worked some magic) I think ladies were $20?? Anyways...we had sssooo much fun here....we danced all night....I had the best time here. Drinks came fast...everyone had a blast! If you like hip hop music this is the spot to be. We actually came back for round two the next night and it was just as fun! I will mos def be stopping by every time I'm in Vegas....
4	Have been going here when it was called OPM.  We come here all the time when we're in LV.  Staff is top notch, orderly, and polite.  Drinks are mad stiff, and come fast.  Music is ALL THAT.  Being from Frisco, I love that Franzen basically runs this place, and mad love is always shown to those from the Yay Area.  Oh, and not to mention the Ambassador of the Bay was celebrating Poetry's 6th Anniversary when we went, oh yee-uh!  40 Wattuh had it goin' on, please believe...  He performs here often.  If you're reading this, are from Bay, and don't know where to go in LV, GO TO POETRY!!!!  You will not be disappointed.  Ladies are hot, guys are fly....And when in town, listen to 97.5 FM, because they're ALWAYS lettin' people on the guestlist.... ALWAYS!  And LADIES, free champagne until midnight, helloooo?  Hooked up all the way around.
4	I have been to a lot of the clubs in Vegas. Poetry is a nice change up to the huge mundane nightclubs in Vegas. If you love to dance to Hip-Hop and R&B, this is definitely the spot! Probably the best music I've ever danced to at a hip-hop club. Staff is friendly and the bartenders are great. A couple people in our group that are caucasian did look and feel a little out of place, but we still all danced our asses off!
3	I go to Vegas at least once a year and I always hit up Poetry.  This is like the only club on the strip that plays strictly hip hop and R&B.  although it is small, I appreciate the fact the you can call ahead to get on the guest list and ladies get in free.  This club is a "must" whenever I'm in Vegas!
5	I cannot even express how mad this makes me.  Poetry will be closing until they can open a new spot!  POETRY WAS THE ONLY PLACE THAT PLAYED HIP HOP!!!!!!!!!!! ______________________________________________________Poetry nightclub at the Forum Shops to closePoetry Nightclub inside the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace is closing. http://www.kvbc.com/global/story.asp?s=10810973
5	SOOOOOOO even thought Poetry is moving somewhere else on the strip I still must write about it!!! Whenever you go to Vegas this is a MUST!!! Now the place was small (but i heard the new spot suppose to be bigger and better) but the DJ was ALWAYS on point!! My last visit we went two nights in a row and a had blast both nights!! Security was nice(maybe bc we were looking g double o d GOOD!!!) but the guestlist here actually does work its just you have to be there so early but if you miss it like we did girls pay like $20-$30 which is waaaaay better than waiting in the damn line!!!! And i think they still pay $10-$20!!! But i love petry i will definitely be there in October so I CAN'T WAIT!! i hop wherever they are they get treated with much respect and everything stay popping!!! i love the diversity of hip hop music and even ppl but no lie it is a mostly black club!!! but hey who cares everywhere in vegas isn't....we like to party too lol and as far as VIP goes I like the set up its not THAT exclusive but it is cool....ohhhh and one Saturday we went they were giving out free champagne(it wasnt Moet but hey champagne is nasty regardless unless its Ace of Spades :-/)
5	One of my Fave clubs in vegas! espcially on a sunday night!!! One of the only clubs that play straight hip-hop! Everytime ive been here it was probably the highlight of my trip :)
4	alright now, poetry, wtf?  WHEN WHEN WHEN WHEN are you gonna reopen?
5	omg! when are you guys opening!?!?!?! i thought it was suppose to be last oct or nov! i'm coming in july and ima be very disappointed if i can't get my booty shakin on at poetry lol.
1	Still not open... Said they won't open for another couple months, but still don't have a set date....
5	This place was great for the strictly hip hop r&b crowd. Im headed to Vegas the end of April, and im so dissapointed I wont be able to hit this place up.
1	Wow! I'm not surprised this place got shut down. When I went, I hated it. My friends and I wanted to know where we could find a club that catered to mostly hip-hop and such and we were directed to this place. Yeah, Vegas, I thought your clubs would be on point? Poetry was more like blasphemy to night life. Obviously, this must have been the only club for my fellow black folk. The music was typical and the club was pretty small. I'm almost sure that they were in  violation of capacity. Also what I hated the most was that you could only sit down if you were in the V.I.P. section. I was tired the whole night because I couldn't sit anywhere to rest my feet.  Yeah, this is one place that needed to go.
