5	Kind of like Japanese tapas (Izakaya?), you can get all sorts of interesting small dishes, like orange salmon canapes, oishii lobster (our favorite!) - including strawberries and served with shrimp chips, and many others.In a city with a bad reputation for sushi, Oishii manages to put together a very interesting and solid selection of quality dishes, and is still reasonably priced, at least in 2010.  Definitely a neighborhood go-to spot, and at the same time unique enough to please visitors to the city too.  Definitely to be recommended.Great for groups too, as they have a decent amount of space, and I think they have 1/2 price cocktails on Thursdays.
2	We went for sushi last night to Oishii Sushi. We had read some of the reviews about Oishii Sushi, saw that they were good, and decided to buy a Groupon for it. The restaurant itself was quite lovely with its side open to let in a calming breeze. It is also in a good location with plenty of people walking outside and with it being near to Mount Royal.We found that the sushi was OK, but we must confess to being a little disappointed given the other positive reviews (some of the other reviews say "in a city not known for good sushi", but we must uphold all sushi restaurants to the same universal standard regardless of whether they're in Japan or Nunavut). My main issue with the sushi is that a few pieces fell apart when we picked them up with the chopsticks, indicating that the sticky rice was perhaps not as sticky as it should have been. Also, I'm a bit used to some sushi pieces having a hint of wasabi inside for an extra little "zing", but no such zing was to be found inside these pieces. Some of them tasted a little plain, perhaps not being as fresh as we would have hoped for. One of the shrimp tempura pieces was somewhat strangely not fully connected. Finally, the prices were not as good as we would have hoped for given that the sushi didn't measure up to our universal standard.In summary, we will be looking for other sushi restaurants in Montreal, but we might find ourselves back at Oishii Sushi if we do not find better ones.
4	One of my favorite sushi place in Montreal with Tri Express.Everything is always fresh and delicious. I recommend to try the beef sashimi, and the mikan roll. Simple but so good. I always order different "chef's specials" but I always get these 2 things for sure...Other dishes like teriyaki or noodles are a bit less surprising but still good. The service has always been perfect. Nothing to say about it.The ambiance is ok, generally the music is not loud at all and people remain pretty quiet, that's appreciable. Not too crazy about the interior design but WHO CARES!Almost 5 stars; The only thing I noticed, is that it's not as good and fresh when you order to go. A couple of times I ordered sushi or udon and I was really disappointed. So you'd better want to eat in.
1	We purchased a group-buy coupon for Oishii Sushi, but when we wanted to make a reservation, their phone went unanswered and their mailbox was full.  We sent an email asking if they were still open, but received no reply.  Their website did not indicate anything out of the ordinary, and so we figured that they were bad with phones and drove down hoping to just walk in.  The place is completely shut down, with the windows papered over.  A sign on the window said "CLOSED FOR RENOVATIONS - REOPENING FEBRUARY 2012" ... but it was already March.  How can you close your restaurant without indicating as much in your phone message and website!?  Unbelievable.*** UPDATE ***Oishi Sushi has re-opened, and we were finally able to redeem our coupons.  The food was decent, but over-priced.  The only dish that stood out was the grilled tuna steak salad, which was really good.  The service was, however, atrocious.First, it was slow, despite the fact that there were a lot of servers on the floor. Second, one of our servers had to return to the table twice to confirm our order because she forgot.  Third, when we tried to pay, our server charged us the tax TWICE (which was over ten dollars), and when I respectfully asked her what the charge was, she argued with me for a ridiculously long time that the tax had not actually been charged twice, huffing and puffing, rolling her eyes and sighing exasperatedly as if I were the problem and basically and making a huge scene before finally (loudly) calling her manager over.  The manager, at least, immediately saw that the tax had been charged twice (it was an obvious mistake), apologized, and corrected the bill.  But all in all, it was a really uncomfortable exchange.  I get the feeling that this restaurant just does not give two flips about its patrons.
4	Our favourite Japanese rest in our neighbourhood.  Small place.  Nice sushi and sash ini selection.  I enjoyed Udon noodles there last time I went...but the Tempura was a bit on the soggy side.
3	A nice sushi restaurant on Bernard in Mile-End. They have quite a few innovative choices, if you are looking for something more innovative and less authentic. The prices are a little high and the habit of cutting rolls in 5 make sharing a little more difficult. Good atmosphere, good heating, even near the windows. Service are smooth and well done. Parking in the neighbourhood is difficult.
1	I don't believe in ratings. Just go or not. This one is NOT.Sushi are cheap and too much cucumber.Do not go here.
4	Very excited to have this as my neighbourhood sushi joint. Solid place for when you're after delicious raw fish, ethereal tempura, and some warm sake to make you extra happy.
