3	We usually come here only to find deals, this place is rarely filled with so many shoppers. sometimes we do find deals, on this day we were looking for a new bed set for our bed and they had alot to choose from and all at a really good price, the toddler clothes is pretty affordable also...we have an almost 2 year old and he is growing out of his clothes fast!
5	My husband and I purchased our first flat screen TV there, as a present to ourselves to celebrate our 19th Wedding Anniversary.  The associate was very helpful, and assured us that the particular TV would pick up the extra channels that we wanted.  The Price on the display TV said $399.00, and when they brought out a new one in the box, the price said $499.00, they honored the $399.00 price that was displayed. We purchased it, and it was put in my car by an associate. We took it home, set it up and it did not pick up all the extra channels as promised.  I called  the next day and spoke to the Manager, Mr Soto.  He immediately had one of his electronics specialist call my husband to walk him through the process, the TV still didn't pick up the extra channels, I called Mr. Soto again, and he assured me, that we were HIS customer and he would make sure we would be taken care of.  My husband took the TV back, they replaced it with a BETTER TV that was marked $599.00 and did an equal exchange,  My husband took it home, and set it up, and it picked up the extra channels that we originally asked for, the QUALITY is even better than the one we purchased.  So now we are HAPPY Customers, and would recommend Sears to everyone, no wonder they have been in business since the 1800's (-:
1	My personal advice is to avoid Sears all together. I attempted to purchase a Range (ie. oven/stove), but little did I know this would be the most difficult purchase that I have ever made. During the first delivery we discovered that Victor the sales associate sold us the wrong color, so I call Sears and they kept insisting that this is the color we purchased. I know that I can tell the difference between white and black. Customer service line was incredibly useless because all they could tell me is to go back to the store. Once I arrived at the store I was notified by two different employees that this is the color we purchased. At this point I was incredibly frustrated, but still worked with Sears to change my delivery date and color of the range. On my way home I received a call from Sears customer service to verify delivery. At this time not only was the date incorrect, but they were going to send the same color. With multiple calls to the store and customer service line I was given the best advice through customer service. This representative said, "well it sounds like it would be easier to just the product." Really???? Instead of correcting their mistakes they tried to blow me off. On June 22nd I returned the range with the initial sales associate Victor who informed me I would have my money back 2-3 days after my purchase. It has been two weeks and I am still fighting to receive my return. Never will I return to Sears!
