4	Ah yes, a new BUFFET!!Dropped in for lunch here today for their first morning open, joined by Scott W. Norm R., Robyn N., Jeromy H., Mike C.  It's nice inside, very comfortable & friendly, & completely redone since it was China Olive.  There were 126 food items out, including Sushi & Mongolian BBQ, but not counting sauces & dressings, & the food was good!One thing that needs work is the layout of the Mongolian BBQ.  It is very hard to reach some of the food items because the "sneeze glass" or whatever you call it is in the way.  Maybe it should be positioned higher up.  In any event, we shouldn't have to ask the staff to get us our food from the back trays.  (I want exactly the amount of each item that I want!)  I haven't run into this inconvenience at any of the other Buffets that have Mongolian BBQ.With that gripe out of the way, a big welcome to this nice new super buffet!  The best feature?  Maybe it's the TEN kinds of ice cream!!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.39/$6.65 Sr.  (Today, Sunday, was $9.99/$8.99 & there was Snow Crab.)
4	Well another new Chinese buffet in town and I was joined at this grand opening by Robyn N.,Norm R.,Scott W.,Rand H.,and Jeromy H. Well this new buffet was a good one with a few different tray's offered.A lot of the food fare was your typical Chinese buffet items.The staff was friendly and quick to clear your empty plates.So i will give them 4 stars because they are not as good as some of my 5 star Chinese buffets but still worth a visit.
4	I'd really give this place 4.5 stars but it's not really a 5 and a little better than a 4.  Today was their grand opening - and by the time it was getting crowded.The food was very good, your usual chinese buffet foods in addition to sushi/sashimi and a mongolian bbq station.  The clams and the fried crab was a nice addition and they also had a station of American foods.  There was an excellent salad bar with more choices than the average Chinese buffet.  The food was served HOT, was well prepared and the service was excellent.  Since was there first day they didn't have all the food selections when we arrived at 11.  But I noticed they kept adding more things while we were there.  Would have liked to try more of their dim sum items, all I had was the tea leave wrapped sticky rice and it was not my favorite; too sweet and gummy rather than a savory item I am more used to.9.99 for weekend lunch, 7.39 during the week.
4	I had the good fortune to attend opening day with Rand H, Norm R, Mike C, Robyn N and Jeromy H.  AKA the buffet testers :-)  All of the Asian dishes I tasted were good as were the deserts.  I felt they fell short on the mac and cheese and the clam chowder.  Although I didn't have much I felt the selection of salad fixings were above normal.  I was quite impressed with the selection of sushi.  Our party has different ideas of what foods they judge a buffet by and there were very few items that fell short of properly prepared.They had some opening day hiccups like being able to get the cash registers to work, getting all the menu items labeled and I think they should have a pile of napkins with the flatware so you can grab some.  I think it was one of the owners that saw me taking pictures and pointed out some shots I should take.  Our table was also visited by the owner of the building who is taking a highly visible interest in how things are being accepted by the customers.If you are in to Chinese buffets this is one you should put on your list to try.
3	In a nutshell, majority of the food items tasted bland, yet tolerable.  Maybe they ran out of MSG? Its not to say that bland is necessarily a bad thing but Chinese cuisine is generally known for packing a lot of flavors and spices!  I truly felt that most things I came across just did not taste quite right and could have used a dash of more salt or spice.  Some came out steaming hot and fresh while some just looked kind of dead and unappealing.  For instance, the "glazed" bbq pork ribs looked cold and lonely.  One thing that stood out to me was the absence of honey walnut shrimp! Most Asian buffets offer that! Another disappointment was the watered down egg drop soup! There was almost zero viscosity (very low thickness).  It was like sipping tea.The items from the sushi bar was easily the most mediocre thing you could get.  You can just visually taste it.  I dared not touch the nigiris.  The salmon, tuna, and yellow tail simply looked dried.  The freshness dissipated! I did eat some of the sushi that appeared safe and edible such as the California and spicy tuna rolls.  The only fresh side I got from the bar was the seaweed salad, which I thought was fine.The fruit and dessert bar had a nice variety of fruits, which tasted semi-fresh.Surprisingly, I did enjoy their Nuggets! Its very comparable to McNuggets!The decor was overall clean with a contemporary finish.  Staff in the front and waiters were pleasant and friendly.For a lunch buffet that offered as many items as they did, pricing ($8 and water) was very appropriate and justifiable.
4	This place had the best Sushi bar I have ever seen at a buffet the help was friendly and the food was piping hot. Nice atmosphere too! This was opening day and they had a couple bugs to work out so I'd like to come back soon and see how there doing!
4	So, I really hate buffets in Arizona. They suck, they're shady, and they make me want to cry or vomit or both. I'm a HUGE fan of eating - throw in unlimited eating of half decent foods and we're talking solid gold! Needless to say, Vegas is my kind of town! However, since I don't live in Vegas, finding all you can eat options in Phoenix has become my new life's passion. Enter Red Wok. Now, it's no Fogo de Chao, it's not really even Las Vegas Blvd worthy, but it IS off-boulevard sketchy strip mall worthy in the highest sense of the word! The actual facility is surprisingly beautiful and clean! The food is okay for buffet food (a solid 3.5 stars) but here's the clincher: all you can eat char siu bau, chinese spare ribs, fried plantains, kalbi, and kimchee and it's all GOOD! The soups are a little bland and I pretty much avoided the rice/chow mein fillers but most of the other things were pretty darn delicioso! I saw boiled crawfish and peel and eat shrimp but I haven't decided if I'm brave enough for that venture just yet - I did eat a sushi roll and although it didn't SEEM gross, I think mentally I can't get over the idea of buffet sushi - much like I'm sure tongue tastes great but Jesus man, it's TONGUE! At  just under $9 for an adult lunch with drink, I actually feel like I'm getting my money's worth and then some! I am actually planning to return to try the ice cream and Mongolian BBQ station but considering I just downed half  dozen mini coffee cakes, I think I'll call it a night. I loved the facility, I loved the service, I liked the food, but add the Marvin Gaye and circa 1980's Madonna playing in the background and I'm totally sold! :)
4	Sunday night, and I can't decide between Mongolian BBQ and sushi.  My stomach and taste buds were at an impasse.  Happily, I'd read the early reviews for Red Wok, and realized I could have both for one low price!  (Dinner $9.99, soft drink $1.50)Granted - I had VERY few of the buffet offerings, so this review is quite limited.  Since the place has only been open a month, it's still really clean and fresh.  Some attention was paid to decor (wall treatments and lighting), and is well laid out.  Employees were constantly cleaning and replacing food trays, so it's nice to know that freshness is considered here.  (Not the case in several of the places I've been.)The sushi selection was actually better than I'd anticipated.  Shrimp, salmon, tuna and yellowtail nigiri, tuna and yellowtail sashimi, and various rolls (most of which having the typical California or spicy tuna base.)  It was all cold and fresh and clearly recently prepared.  The Mongolian BBQ area was sufficient, if not impressive.  The veggies were all very fresh, the meats were cold and fresh, but not frozen as I've grown used to seeing.  Relatively slim sauce selection - but I was quite happy with my concoction.From the regular buffet line, I did have a couple coconut prawns (decent flavor, good texture), a couple pieces of spicy chicken (meh)and some green veggie that wasn't broccoli rabe and wasn't bok choi, but something in that general family and quite well prepared (YUM).  I also tried a steamed BBQ pork bun.  That was the only disappointment - the texture was right, but it was tasteless.I've never been thrilled with Chinese buffet desserts, though the ice cream case with assorted toppings is a step in the right direction.  I stuck with fresh watermelon, cantaloupe and honeydew for my sweet needs.  I'm sure I'll be back - and plan to try more of the offerings - but can see myself getting stuck in the sushi and Mongolian BBQ habit.
3	My experience in Red wok is okay. When i say okay i mean is not the restaurant's fault they hired such a clumsy busser. But anyways the food is great everything looks clean bathrooms, outside  etc! talking about the busser she was kind of rude but at the end she deserve nothing but a 0$ tip.
2	Yelpers, I feel like I've been led astray! I went here expecting decent buffet food based on the reviews but everything was actually pretty gross. The miso soup was really salty, the mac & cheese had no flavor, the ice cream station was a messy disaster, and the sushi portion of the buffet had only 4 tongs for 8-10 plates of food (meaning you're using the same tongs for sushi as you are for edamame--felt unsanitary for me). Most of the food was overcooked and under-flavored.  In all honesty, I thought I would probably get food poisoning from at least one thing here and was surprised that I didn't. I am by no means a princess and can enjoy a good dive with questionable sanitation standards...this means that if my cleanliness/food safety radar is going off, there is a problem. 2 stars because the waitress was sweet and attentive. Also, since the food was so bad, I wasn't tempted to overeat. Take your money elsewhere if you enjoy quality food. If you want to stuff your face and don't care about taste, this works.
3	I'm not going to lie I think this place is also not what its yelped up to be. Don't get me wrong I'll probably go here again, its super close to my house and my husband found a lot to eat here. Theres a lot of things here that kids (and my husband) would like, i.e. pizza, mashed potatoes, french fries, chicken nuggets, and chicken wings.I did really like that you can sit down quick and get right to eating lol. What I found (not terrible!) was most things were mushy and kind of bland, like the chow mien and orange chicken. I also thought their egg rolls were so gross, BUT their pot stickers are SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good and they have that amazing sauce that goes with them! MMMHHMMM I will 100% go back for those alone lol. AND their sushi was actually really good! Nice small bite sizes unlike the ones you get at sit down sushi places. $25 for the two of us with drinks.
2	As with Kelly A., I'm not at all understanding the 4 and 5 star reviews. I have this pesky preference for affordable quality. Red Wok is affordable, anyway.   My friend, who lost 90 % of his sense of taste due to a head trauma thought this place was okay. He likes buffets because he believes he's 'getting over on you' when able to gorge without restraint. Do you KNOW what a half-gallon of pudding looks like on a plate? And why is this guy even my friend?   If you're a dedicated fan of Valley bargain buffets just bring your shovel and proceed. Even with my considerably more conservative approach, I was able to get my money's worth with careful dectective work and selection.   My choices from around about 120 items came down to a good, simple baked white fish, unusually light and tasty seasoned fries, and a too sweet, but otherwise passable mini eclair; other desserts were fine as well.Some notable 'misses' for me here include:*Baked mussels w/ melted cheese. Not nearly fresh, these tasted like the very bottom of the sea. The one I tried ended up wadded in a napkin, something that almost never happens with me.*Crawdads. (crayfish) Headsucker's Delight. You know who you are.*Prawns. A tad too authentically presented.*Sushi. Bland and dry, although there was a superior soy-based dipping sauce a few stations away.*Extremely greasy soup pots.*Lesser quality cuts of all meats which included odd tastes and textures. (not in any good way)*Korean short ribs. (kalbi; galbi) Very, very tough and would have benefitted greatly from a few hours in a crockpot.*Chicken skewers. Severely charred.*Kimchi. My biggest disappointment here since I was first introduced to the real thing in Korea, it's country of origin. This version had a weird, pronounced chemical taste that implied some (dangerous?) shortcut in preparation. China is, after all, still giving us lead (the deadly metal) in kids toys, and anti-freeze in Dollar Store toothpaste . Just saying..   The steady trickle of mid afternoon patrons showed it won't matter what I say here anyway so come on down. Ahh So.
3	This place isn't bad. They have quite a spread to choose from. It can be hit or miss; I've had things that were too salty and other things that needed more seasoning. I do enjoy the fact that they have a grill and I can make my own stir fry; it kept the whole bad seasoning thing as a problem. And the service wasn't bad and the staff was awesome.
1	Went there once and will not ever go back again since they don't have a lot of food selections.  One good thing about the buffet is that you get to choose your own ice creams by scooping it yourself, but other than that, I think I'll pass.
3	It's been a year since a bunch of us stormed this new Buffet on opening day, just a year & 7 days ago, so Mike C. & I whipped back in there for lunch today to see how they're doing.The GOOD this time:*  Big selection of 134 food items plus sauces & dressings.*  Comfortable booth seating, with tables & chairs available too.*  No increase in price from a year ago.*  4 Soups.*  Good selection of salad items.*  Various tasty hot items including fried catfish, barbecue style pork ribs, good Mongolian BBQ with 3 meats, real Egg Foo Young omelets with gravy.*  Good dessert selection including EIGHT kinds of REAL ice cream, plus two soft serve flavors.The NOT-SO-GOOD this time:*  Since opening day, the sneeze glass in front of the buffet items isn't set up right.  It's HARD to reach the Mongolian BBQ items in the back trays, for instance.  Over 100 other Chinese Buffets in the Valley manage to obey the health laws & still make the food accessible!  The only other Buffet serving setup as bad as this one is at Hong Kong Restaurant, a Buffet up on Indian School that is just horrible for a litany of reasons...  Don't get me started!     :-O*  Ok, back here at Red Wok, the Sushi was blah tasting.     :-O*  The (bright green) seaweed was sweet.  Uck!     :-O*  The fried chicken was sweet!  Uck!     :-O*  The Macaroni & Cheese was completely blah.     :-O*  The ice cream was frozen hard as a rock, & almost impossible to scoop out.     :-OThe good variety of items, comfortable seating & atmosphere & low price go a long way to make up for the shortcomings of this place, & it's not too bad overall...  just needs some tweaking.     :-)Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.39/$6.65 Sr.
4	I like to visit a Chinese Buffet from time to time and this is one of the better ones I've been to. They have decent sushi, smelled and tasted good and better than what you'd get at a grocery store. All the food was the right temperature and they have a Mongolian grill included.  Terriyaki, honey chicken are damn good.  You can get in and out for lunch at around $8.
4	I do not like greasy oriental buffets - Red Wok is a delightfully non-greasy buffet.  I have visited them between 11 and 3pm, 4 times in the last 8 weeks.  It is my new favourite oriental buffet!Service is courteous and prompt.  Salad, sushi and hot entrees selections are varied and generally of better quality than other Oriental buffets I have been to.  Their creamy fruit salad, sesame green beans and radish salad are all exceptional.  It's sushi table is always fresh and nicely put together for the price point.   My 10 year old loves their sesame honey chicken I prefer their baked salmon and shrimp w / vegetables.  They've had passable Miso, hot & sour and egg drop soup.   The standard children's menu offerings; pizza, French fries, mac-n-cheese & mild buffalo wings are mediocre, but then they are designed to appeal to blandness loving children's palates.
4	Being Asian and the thought of an Asian buffet sounded gross. Not many have I tried came close to this restaurant. From being greeted at the door, to a huge buffet of all seemingly fresh food to the awesome service... Definitely a good place to go and eat!  My only suggestion would be to not go on Sunday nights... The food was definitely not as fresh or hot... Some dried out or over cooked due to perhaps sitting too long.  Ew.
1	went once when i first moved to phoenix. didnt excite me! thought i would give it another try with the hubby. NEVER WILL I GO BACK! PASS! PASS! PASS!
4	Decent enough food.  Clean and modern restaurant.  Average staff.  Great price. A WIN for families!I've only eaten here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner.  Both times I had the same experience of a large selection of tasty choices for food.  They had clean and tidy entryway,  floors,  booths,  tables,  food area, and restrooms, The staff were quite good, especially considering it was a buffet.  We were more than happy to leave a well-deserved tip.   And I didn't have to feed the kids ramen for 3 days to offset some expensive meal at a restaurant that wasn't kid-friendly.
3	Very nice find. Selection, quality, service well worth the price. Am a regular!
4	This is one of my favorite Chinese buffet places and it's pretty close to home so we come here fairly often.  I came here on Friday night with my husband and my toddler daughter.  We were charged about $22.50 for two adult dinners (baby is free) and a hot tea for my husband (just water for me and the baby.)  The host went out of his way to find a plastic spoon and fork for our little daughter...I thought that was nice of him.Their service is very friendly, and in fact I have always been treated extremely well by the staff every time we've ever come.  Their service is so friendly and the food is so tasty that I actually rented out their private back room for my daughter's 16th birthday party last year.   The food was very good on this visit, and I really enjoyed the fried catfish, green beans, fried chicken, seafood delight, baked mussels and the Char Siu Bao (steamed pork buns).  They also have a nice sushi offering and a nice salad bar and dessert selection although I didn't have anything from those cases on this visit.Also, I've never tried it so I don't know how it is; but they also offer Mongolian BBQ too.  The only thing I would mention that was negative about this visit was that our table, while it appeared to be clean, was actually sticky.  I'm assuming it was wiped off with an already sticky rag.    Overall this is a good buffet.  I would suggest them, as long as they make sure the tabletops aren't sticky.
1	Perhaps the worst Chinese food I have ever eaten.  The food was very greasy and unappetizing. The fried rice is an unusually bright orange. The lo mein noodles were not hot. The orange chicken tasted like it had buffalo wing sauce in it. The teriyaki chicken had an anise flavored after taste. The sushi did not taste fresh. There were more non-Chinese food than Chinese food options- pizza, Mexican food, etc. The place was not at all clean. People have commented on the ice cream. There is no way that is sanitary- everyone reaches into an ice cream freezer with their arms to serve themselves. Gross. This place is awful.
4	Again it had been almost exactly a year since I ate here, & today's errand run offered up an opportunity to stop for lunch, see how they're doing & possibly get them back up to 4 Stars from 3 last time...First off after paying I got situated in a comfortable booth.  It's a fairly large place with lots of varied seating choices, & to me the atmosphere in here is just right for this type of place.  Yes, they have a couple of (evil) TVs, but they were turned down, so no problem.  Everything else...  lighting, temperature, acoustics & so on were spot-on.  (I include acoustics because they became ROARING BUSY by a few minutes after 11 AM, without it hurting anything!)After counting up the "Super Buffet" qualified selection of 139 food items, plus sauces & dressings, I started with some good Hot & Sour Soup.  Then it was on to making a salad, which included such not-always-seen treats as thin-sliced ham strips and tasty Kim Chee.  Next came a generous selection of delicious Sushi, including some varieties that I have never seen before out of the MANY Oriental Buffets here in the Valley that serve it.  There was also tender, tasty seaweed, the stringy bright green kind, & I love it.     :-)I did skip the Mongolian style BBQ this time & went on to attack the many food choices on the hot tables.  (Return visit required soon!)Trying not to comment on every item separately, allow me to say that I thought the food here today was TERRIFIC!  Some of what I enjoyed was Bok Choi in Fish Sauce, traditional style Egg Foo Young & Gravy, amazingly good breaded, baked fish balls, Sour Cream Baked Potato Chunks(!), bone-in ribs, 3-Cheese Macaroni & Cheese, & much more.  Then it was on to the desserts, including TEN KINDS OF ICE CREAM!  The table service was friendly & attentive too.Is it any wonder they were so busy?     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.39/Sr. $6.65
1	Not much of a fan of buffets except if it's at a casino.  Red Wok Buffet works only if you're glutton.  Yes, just keep stuffing your face.  I didn't think the food was good obviously.  The only thing I thought was decent was the Teriyaki chicken; nicely glazed with the sauce while fried with crispy edges.  Just the way I like it!  Everything else was bland.  This is what I consider "stay alive" food.  If I needed to survive I'll come eat this stuff, but overall not my favorite buffet place.  The place itself is pretty similar to most Asian buffet restaurants.  Very basic Asian decors to make sure you know you're in an Asian restaurant buffet.  One highlight I guess would be the service was decent. - Enjoy!
2	Food was ok. Some dishes were good. And some were dry like it was sitting there for awhile. Some food was bland, no flavoring. There were good dishes but hard to find. Desserts were store bought or out of a can. They make the sushi fresh but looks like its been sitting there for awhile. Overall not worth $25.
4	Stopped back in to this big, popular place today for lunch, joined by Mike C.  This time I counted up a big selection of 134 food items, plus sauces & dressings  I enjoyed some good Hot & Sour Soup, a salad, tasty Sushi, seaweed & other cold treats before dishing up a plate of 4-meat Mongolian style BBQ with such treats as Chinese Snow Peas.My chef cooked up the BBQ perfectly, & then it was on to some of the many tastes that we usually see at a large Oriental Buffet.  Dessert included choosing from their TEN kinds of ice cream!This was an excellent meal, & still priced low at $7.39/$6.65 Sr.     :-))
4	Although I do my best to stay away from Asian buffets, I tend to crack occasionally. This place is not a bad place to indulge. Pretty good selection of sushi and Mongolian bar b q. Don't expect Genghis Grill style just enough to put together a nice custom made dish. If you can stick to these two items you can get out without doing significant damage to your health. They also have the standard buffet items, salad, fruits and a really good ice cream selection. If you have a rare craving for a inexpensive Asian buffet this is the place. If you are a regular Asian buffet attendee you would probably be better off avoiding this place and taking a walk around your neighborhood.
1	I did not like the food at all. Everything made me hack.
3	Not bad. Not horrible. There seems to be a lot more variety upon first glance than when you are walking around with a nearly empty plate, wondering what to put on it next. As with many buffets nowadays, there is WAY TOO MUCH seafood. Even if you enjoy it, the smell overwhelms other foods and the variety of chicken, pork, and beef dishes suffers so they can have all those trays full of pasty fish, greasy skrimps, and crawdads, otherwise known as creekroaches. Much of the serving trays are full of fruits and salad items, too. What I did find to eat, basically orange chicken(mostly breading), and bbq ribs(mostly bone), was pretty tasty, although there ate many places in the valley to get this generic buffet fare, and either get your drink included for an $8 lunch, or pay a couple dollars less for it. If you're in the area for work or something, and don't have time to get over the few short miles to COFCO center for real Chinese , then this'll do.
4	I've been to this buffet several times, from when it newly opened to the present time ... more frequently now that I've moved much closer. From the beginning, I've found to food quality to be good and sometimes even excellent, with a good array of seafood and a lot of standard Chinese buffet dishes - all well-seasoned and efficiently replenished. The metro Phoenix area has no shortage of Chinese-themed buffet restaurants, but this is one of my top picks for this genre of eatery.
4	Came here with my fam recommended by my mom's friend who lives here and met up with us. Her and her husband said this was one of the better buffets they have been to in the area and said we would like it too. We got there and it wasn't crazy busy, and the prices weren't too high. We got a table quickly and headed to the food! It was actually good! The sushi was fresh and they had steak! There was a spicy chicken dish that was so delish! The waitress takes the drink orders and brings them to the table and then checks on you periodically to see what else your party needs. It was about $97 for 9 people to eat including tip so it wasn't bad at all! Will definitely come back when with a huge group of people, totally worth it!
2	If you are a lover of Chinese food,  this not be the place to go.  This is more of a seafood cuisine,  and I was not too pleased with the salad bar. The macaroni salad looks as if it's been sitting for days.  There is no beef and broccoli,  no orange chicken, no kung pao.... Again I can't say that this is Chinese food. Lots of sushi, crab, shrimp, not my thing.  Two stars for the place though.
4	I really like thid place. Unlike many Chinese restaurants I have been to. They are very clean. Food was good with many options.  Caryout was a little pricey,  but worth it
4	I haven't been in Phoenix that long and was trying to find a decent Chinese buffet when a co-worker recommend red wok. Seeing as it was really close to where I lived I decide to give it a try. And I must say, it was pretty good.The food was what you would expect from a cheap buffet. Maybe a little bit above average. Although the American dishes like Mac n cheese, mash potatoes etc was sun par everything else was decent.The staff was very attentive, making sure my plates were cleared, my drinks were replenished and they'd would check up on you to make sure you were comfortable. I have to say some "high end"restaurants do not even bother to do the little things. Overall I would comeback and if the staff stays the course, this could be a regular establishment in which I would frequent.
3	Folks...lets get real. Its a chinese buffet. You get to pig out until you explode for less than 10 bucks. We all go into these places knowing its not gourmet. And we are all generally amused that they have options like pudding, enchiladas, mac n cheese and garlic bread. If your ideal evening is eating yourself into a coma and having explosive gas for about a day....Red Wok will do the trick.
1	be nice if their food was actually made by the Asians and not store bought.....
4	My wife says they have VERY GOOD Chinese food. A little noisy with kids, but otherwise a nice environment.
3	I'm still smh as I write this one.I think that everyone that knows me, knows that my favorite cuisine is Chinese food. I received a recommendation about this place from a Phoenician. Supposedly it is the best Chinese buffet in these parts. I'm not a fan of the buffets, but I love Chinese food. I walked in and there was an un-attentive young man behind the counter glancing through houses online. I said, "Excuse me, do I seat myself". He said no, "Pay first". Buffet and drink = $12. Cool. As he seats me, I notice that the place is huge! and they have a great selection of food items. You can see the steam curling from the food bins (Yum!! when can I dig in!) I was shown to my table and I immediately headed to the buffet. I got a little bit of this and a whole lot of that, walk back to the table, and begin to eat. Everything was so good. The waiter came up to my table as I look up with a noodle of lo-mein dangling to get into my mouth. He placed the drink down and said, "You pretty!" (wa-what?!) "Thank you", I stated as I swallowed. "You here by self."  I nodded. Looking up, I'm thinking...where is this going. The waiter parted by saying if there was anything that I needed, just let him know. He appeared minutes later and inquired about what I had done that day. (Really?!) I'm trying to eat! Being polite, I said that I had shopped all day. He wanted to know where. I told him. He walked away to assist others, then returned. He inquired about why I had two phones on the table and stated that it must be hard to connect with me. Then he asked if I had a boyfriend. Son, I have shoes older than you, I thought to myself. "Yes." I dishonestly answered. I  had to do something to keep him from getting shot down when he asked for my telephone number. What a COMPLETE turn off! I mean really??? Totally out of line. Feeling a bit uncomfortable, I left a tip (I know, I shouldn't have) and I ducked out while he returned dishes to the kitchen. The food was excellent. I didn't get the true feel of the buffet as I only got one plate and a bowl of soup. They did have sushi, mongolian bar, salad, and dessert; all of which I did not experience.
4	I love Chinese food buffets. I have been Pokemon-ing them around Phoenix for years. Needless to say there are some bad ones. This is a good one. They had soooo many types of chicken.Okay, so I was pregnant and craving chicken. That doesn't make my review any less valid. I had three plates. I would have kept going but my husband looked bored.Nothing seemed stale and there were many options. It seemed clean for a Chinese Buffet.
5	I have made this my new spot when in the mood for a buffet. Food is fresh. the have a Mongolian grill and a sushi bar.  The staff is very attentive and the food is rotated quite often.  Even the ice cream is rich and the place is quite clean. Nothing bad to say.
3	The front desk lady is not full of energy. She has no impression what so ever. Although they do have  variety of food , some of the food looks as if it's been trying to be used yesterday as well. Other than that the waitresses were great!
1	Not sure what all the hype in prior reviews is about.  This is one of the dirtiest restaurants I've been in.  The food is routine at best.  The frying oil was old and made the Mongolian BBQ taste rancid.  This place has been reincarnated several times, and each time it gets dirtier and worse.  This is far from the best and closer to one of the worst.
2	The food quality and selection here is not bad for a buffet, especially considering the price. The major problem is cleanliness and sanitation. My most recent visit was on a busy Sunday afternoon. The dining room tables and floors were simply filthy, and one of the sinks in the men's room was filled with vomit (no kidding).  While the staff was good at restocking the buffet with fresh, hot stuff, they seemed totally unconcerned about the mess in the dining area and bathroom.  The food quality and selection is 3star for a buffet, especially considering the sushi selection, but because of the nastiness of the place I cant see giving more than a 2star rating overall.
2	Customer service was okay, if you look at it its in a part of the town that's kind of low end. Other than that the food was okay, I feel like there should be more attendants at the food area so the kids or whoever doesn't touch the food.  Price was reasonable but I felt like, you pay for what you get so, a basic all you can eat selection nothing too over the top stuff? Soda was 2 dollars and you only get one refill? But anyways sushi was dull, the soft serve was out of order. The only thing that I really enjoyed was the water to be honest! And only giving two stars cause the price if even that should have been 5 dollars per person.  Anyways I wouldn't particularly recommended it with your friends it's more of a, your hungry and there's no other good places around to eat. Well enjoy
