5	Bike cabs beware! You've got nothing on this rig! Tour de Tavern is a tribute to tipsy teamwork and a perfect way to host a unique group event. As "pedalers" on their inaugural tour, we enjoyed the celebrity treatment of cruising down the winding streets of Old Town Scottsdale as onlookers snapped photos and cheered us on!We rocked out to top 40 hits and, by special request, our Lonely Island favorites on their awesome sound system. Our guides were flexible and let our party run the show. If we needed more time for let's say...... an impromptu horseback ride in front of Shotgun Betty's, they were more than happy to wait. As an added bonus everyone gets to burn off some of those unwanted cocktail calories in between your favorite watering holes. If you are concerned that after a few stops (and a few shots) your legs might lose some of that forward momentum, there are a few coveted "non pedaling" seats in the back of the bike. We all compromised with a friendly and fair rotation system. Our tour guides were helpful, accommodating, and entertaining. They even proved to be exceedingly patient upon discovering that we did in facts have "that guy" in our group. If you're saying to yourself,  "Such a marvelous experience could only cost an arm and least the majority of a leg" then you would be wrong! With the cost of gas being substituted for sheer earth friendly man power, our group of fifteen people spent less than $30 bucks each for the experience.But wait, there's more! Included in this price are all the amazing special deals that Tour de Tavern exclusively brings you at select bars along the route. On our tour we were offered drinks specials ranging from $3 to ONE PENNY!  I say this in all caps because it's ONE PENNY!So next time you are planning an event, I recommend Tour de Tavern 100%!"Look Ma! No hands!"
5	This was AWESOME!!!!   Ultimate way to bar hop.  What I saved on drinks paid for my seat on the bike.  Super nice guys that helped our large group keep moving.   They also traded out with some of the girls and helped pedal after 3 bars.   Definitely not difficult to do since Old Town is pretty flat.  You should try this!   We went with a group that took up the whole bike, but had we gone with total strangers, I'd bet we have been good friends by the end and have had just as good of a time.   loved that we could play our own musice to pedal to. very unique and fun experience.
5	My friends rented this bike for a birthday party, and we had a great time bike-hopping through Old Scottsdale.  The best things about this bike are:-It's a unique experience and the process was exciting throughout-The reaction you get from people on the street (lots of cheering and encouraging)-Working together and getting to travel together as a group to the bars-The sound system (ipod hookup) was great-The lights on the bike add to the allure of it (we did a nighttime ride, and even that was really hot in Phoenix in April)-They have some good coupon deals with the bars you stop at (free shots, coupons for a dollar off drinks, and different drink specials to name a few)A couple things to be aware of with the bike:-They have helmets available for wearing, but most people waive it (you're only going 8 mph and unless you're really drunk you shouldn't need it)-You can't drink on the bike bar, because of open container laws.  It's a bummer but doesn't take away from the experience.  -To make the most of your time, the goal is 3-4 bars in the 3 hour window.  Which means you are always on the move, and are always chugging the last few sips of your drink to get going.  Shots might be a more efficient way to go. :)-Because you are traveling with your own group of 16, every where you go is going to have a line, made up of your own people!  So there is definitely a lot of downtime between drinks.-Someone in your group needs to keep track of the time and keep everyone moving.  I recommend a cowbell or something so you can round people up easily in the bar to head back to the bike.-Pedaling the bike can be a lot of work...more than a bike.  There are 12 pedalers, plus you're pulling the extra 4 people in the back, and the driver, and the 3500 pound bike.  Be ready to sweat!  Also shoes with good grips are a good idea (although some girls managed with heels...but maybe that's why pedaling felt like a lot of work for the rest of us).  -The Tour de Tavern owners are really friendly.  Our driver/part-owner was Brendan and he was really fun and made sure we had a good time.  He was a safe driver and handled the bike really well.I really recommend this bike for anyone that wants to get a group of people together and try a fun new experience!
5	I purchased this event for a fun neighborhood get together and it was a blast!  Brendan was great to work with and kept us informed on what we needed to know and do and all we had to do was peddle!  We booked our date and then a few days before the event he sent us an update and when we got to the Brat Haus, everything was ready to go.Brendan joined in the fun and every stop thru Old Scottsdale was a new experience. The pubs greeted us and the crowds on the streets cheered us on.We definitely recommend this as it's a fun time for all!
5	Had an awesome time !!! Great host, Brandon I think was his name-o :)
5	Saying this is a blast is an understatement!  We partied our way through town for a birthday party and had such a good time.  It's a safe way to drink and let your hair down.  We arrived by taxi and let the games begin.  The staff was awesome and took care of us every step (or pedal) of the way!
5	Kick in the ass, we had a great time recommend it to anybody! Brendan and Rylee we're fantastic hosts, and took us to some fun bars around town.
5	A great adventure for friends! You can't be afraid to pedal, (there really isn't a motor) but it made having drinks at the bar even sweeter! Highly recommended!
5	Best way to get around Scottsdale!!   Went out on a Bday party with friends and had a blast.   It's fun seeing everyone stare and point as you pedal through town while jamming out.  The hosts were great.  Drink specials were huge.  Gonna do this again when my bday roles around in April!!!
5	Fun times!  Had a great day!  Took us to all the great bars!  Can't wait to do it again
5	This was so fun. Brenden was great about keeping time for us. The bike was more work than I expected but it was still a really great time. We went for a friends birthday and I would absolutely book again! If you're on the fence, do it!
5	It's my birthday, so I'm a bit critical, but these guys were amazeballs!!!! Drinking with a workout?!!?? Every Scottsdales girls dream
5	It doesn't get any more fun than this.  Just a real hoot!  Riley and Brendan, the operators, are gems.  Very flexible, personable and eager to show everyone a good time and they do.  We have done the tour 3 times and will do it again.  It's a wonderful thing to do with out of town guests.
5	I've taken this for two birthdays (the first was their first ride ever) and it is soooo much fun! Not only do you get a good work out (pedal pedal pedal) but they take you to some fun bars that give you good deals (aka Dos, giligins, lodge, etc). Plus, tourists love this- you'll be waving as much as your pedaling! Great for a birthday, a day of dAyDrinking, or whatever else kind of celebration! Picks up at Brat Haus which is also delicious! Five stars fo sho
5	Exercise. Fun. Deals in drinks? Get it all with this.  Such a great experience riding with these guys!! Friendly and fun service. Remember to bring your favorite energy  playlist !  Would definitely work with them again, and very soon!
5	Best time with great people the staff was awesome and very nice and very down to earth. I will definitey book again and show everyone tour de tavern .its like bar hopping without driving
5	Tour de tavern is the best birthday gift I could have given my husband! The best experience ever! He loved it sooooo much! I am guilty of spoiling my husband on his birthday with awesome parties and this year was no exception!  He loves biking and drinking so this was a no brainer! Brendan was the vision of professionalism along with being personable and I felt comfortable throwing any questions that came to mind. I set up a 2 hour tour with 16 of us and everything went perfectly. I set up a surprise at Brat Haus around noon that way everyone would be there by 1:30, leaving time for everyone to eat and secretly sign their waivers before our 2:00pm scheduled tour. I had Eric thinking the lunch at Brat haus was the big event, so when I surprised him with Tour de Tavern he was ecstatic!! Brendan and his team were kind enough to put up a banner (1ftX5ft) that I had printed out for him, it fit wonderfully. We had a blast with 14 of our closest friends and family pedaling across old town. Everyone had a great time at the 3 bars that were suggested with the best drink discounts from the tour- dos gringos, Gillian's and coach house. We blasted our iPod and they are kind enough to provide cold water for everyone. When you're going through alleys you can switch up peddlers by running around a couple of times almost like musical chairs-- super fun! I was worried 2 hours wouldn't be enough time but it was plenty! I recommend Tour de Tavern, and I am so happy with the experience and service! Thanks for making my husband birthday unforgettable!!
5	Tool Much Fun!!! Brendan is a blast... Great crew!!!!  All drinkers.... Cool.. Give this activity a try.... Eat and Drink at Brat Haus first.
5	So much fun. Exercise while you drink. Bike thru downtown Scottsdale and your like an instant celebrity! People waving at you and taking photos. So much fun!  They have a deal right now, sign up for it! What a great experience!
5	Tour de tavern is so much fun for a group of people!! I highly recommend this!!! I was with my team at a sales meeting and we all had so much fun!!!
5	Super fun way to drink n ride!!! Highly recommended for a night out!!
5	Best experience in Scottsdale!  My friends and I had a blast Great for a work get together, bachelorette, or any occasions!
5	Omg the best team building event I have ever done! So much fun, amazing owner you don't know what you are missing if you haven't done this! Can't wait to do it again!
5	Having a blast with tour de tavern in Scottsdale...definitely a great way to drink and have fun!
5	A must-do in Scottsdale!!! We had so much fun and it was a great workout. I would highly recommend this!
5	One of the most fun days ever. The owners/tour guides are super awesome. Organized a private tour with 16 people for my sister's bachelorette party. She had a great time and everyone had a blast. Loved it!
4	Had a great time pedaling around Scottsdale on Saturday night. I'd recommend if for a fun adventure!
5	Brian was an awesome host!  Seriously, the most fun I've had in awhile (and I'm not really a big drinker).  Perfect for a fun evening or afternoon, bar hopping the bars in Downtown Scottsdale.  Super fun!  Do it!
5	Every year, I try to plan or throw a holiday party for my friends. I'm new to AZ and have seen the Tour De Tavern rolling around Old Town Scottsdale... Immediately I knew that we'd have to give it a try for this year's get-together! The gentleman who helped me arrange the tour, Brendan, was helpful and worked with us to provide a good deal for our group, since we would be renting out the full bike. Our driver worked with us to help us follow a pre-determined schedule (it is a pub crawl, after all!), so that we could get to all of the bars we were hoping to try. While alcohol isn't allowed on the bike, they did ensure that our thirst was quenched with drink specials at each of our stops! The bike is definitely more of a workout than you would guess, but after a few beers, no one minds, and our entire group agreed that it was worth it! I'd definitely recommend giving it a try - it's a fun, novel experience that everyone will love!
