5	This is my second trip to this little bistro and I will definitely be back again! The menu is small, but everything on it is creative and delicious! Who would have thought that pear on a ham panini would be so awesome?The shop is just starting out, but they're definitely off to a good start! I intend to keep coming back just to see how this awesome shop evolves.
5	My first time at this bistro and will definitely be back! It's perfect for to-go orders and the food is terrific! Serving soup, salads, sides, and sandwiches, I went for the Tasty Turkey Sammich- provolone, turkey, crispy bacon, spinach, and onion..and I asked mine to be wrapped in lettuce (I'm watching carbs). The ingredients were fresh and flavorful and the tomato and cucumber salad I ordered was equally as tasty. BONUS: The value is solid! Next time, which will be within the week, I'm getting the Spicy Italian Sammich-pepperoni, soppresata, salami, and provolone...and yep, in lieu of the garlic hogi, I'll be asking for a lettuce wrap!
5	Quickly turning into a regular here for lunch! I love the food, love the deals! The location is close to where I work and the company is nice enough. No complaints!
5	Have had a few really awesome lunches here so far! The paninis are great - my favorite has pesto, ham, bacon and melted cheese. I would recommend this to anyone, especially with the location being so accessible from so many different directions. You're in for a good treat with Sammiches.
5	*** DEFINATELY A GO TO PLACE FOR LUNCH or QUICK DINNER! ***Ok ....... I've seen this place every other week inside the Monogram Suites right off the 101 at 51st Avenue when I have a manicure with Richard at RN Giannotti. I was starving Tuesday night as I was getting my hair done as well. I walked by and smelled something really good. After probably appearing to be casing the joint and figuring that they had nothing vegetarian, I ordered an iced-tea and went back to Giannotti's. Richard said to go back because they do have some vegetarian food and I'm glad I did!DEE-LISH!!! I had a caprese on toasted cibatta bread with a pickle. It was smeared with some fresh pesto sauce as well and it was so so good. Very friendly couple working the kitchen -- very clean area and there were two other customers besides me. Very reasonable price at $ 6.00.So good to know I can get a bite to eat before my manicure or hair color!
5	I have always thought a grilled cheese sandwich was a grilled cheese sandwich....until today! I don't know how he did it but the owner made THE BEST grilled cheese sandwich I have ever eaten! They also had this soup that was like a tomato soup but had pasta in it. Yummmm! I thought their homemade potato soup was my favorite but this now takes its place! It is inside a beauty mall (Monogram Salon Suites) and right off the freeway. Super easy to get to, fun and friendly atmosphere, GREAT food at really good prices.....how can you go wrong?
5	Excellent place for sammiches. ..  First time there after reading the reviews on yelp. Rather odd location.. never seen a salon mall before this. Sammiches is right in the middle of the shops. Very original concept and it evidentally works for them because they were BUSY!!!!  My wife had the chicken cease sandwich, I had the hami. She loved he's an dine was very original... ham, cheese and a slice of pear... (yes .pear)...  On sourdough and grilled like a panini.  IT WAS VERY GOOD.  Right off the 101 and 5 1st it get's a lot of business from the nearby doctors offices...and for good reason.  Excellent fresh handmade food at reasonable prices. The owners are very friendly and  very good at what they do.  Support the small busines' S and go there. You will not be disapointed.
5	OMG, these are great "sammiches"!  Even though the hubby and I eat here when we're visiting our salon in the Monogram Suites, we make it a point to stop by whenever we're in the neighborhood.  Between the two of us, we've tried at least a half-dozen different ones and truly can't make up our minds on which is the best; they're all fantastic.  Great service as well and, if they're offering their homemade 'sweets', do not pass them up!  You will never be disappointed in the food, the service or the prices!
5	Wonderful food and fun casual atmosphere. The food is delicious!  I hit this place up at least once a month. Never disappoints!
5	Let's keep up the 5 star rating! Fresh & tasty sandwiches. Sandwich, soup or chips & large drink for $7.50/$8.00:) Wow...finally another fast food sandwich place with many different varieties..my favorite is the meatball sandwich! Love the grilled cheese too. Friendly service, you just know the food is made with love & they are happy to make it for you:) Id rather give my $ to small businesses & watch them grow. You will have a pleasant experience & be happy with amount of FRESH food you get for $. Enjoy!
5	The food and staff are excellent and treated me like I've been a lifelong customer. I live in Chandler and found this place by chance when I was in the area. I would definitely go out there for those sammiches again!
