5	I ended up staying here for 3 nights this month.  I was very impressed.  There is free high speed internet included, and it was COX, a full 6-9mpbs! Best of all, they have a print server that you can use to print stuff out - for free.  24hours.The beds were very comfortable, is was on par with a 5 star Mariott  stayed in before. The bed was better than Excalibur, and Tropicana.There is a digital thermostat, and the A/C worked nicely. The rooms were pretty basic, but everything was clean.The staff was friendly. The place was pretty dead for the most part. I got a great deal on Priceline.While other hotels charge 12.99/day for internet.. this makes this place an even better deal.It's not really too far from the strip.  Sunset road is almost like a freeway once you pass eastern, with only a couple more lights in between.  If you have a car, this is a good idea.
2	Full disclosure - I am a Platinum member at Marriott. I stay at a lot of Marriott's throughout the year.Wife and I are in Vegas for a trade show / little time to ourselves. Since we lived here for many years, there is very little appeal to us for always staying on the strip, so we decided to go off strip.This is your typical Courtyard, decorated about the same as all others.The Good:Easy to get to from the Las Vegas airport. The hotel is clean, quite, and the staff seems friendly enough. Easy check in. Comfortable bed, which is the main reason I stay at Marriott properties, their beds are the most comfortable ones out there.The not so Good:Rooms are a little worn out. They are clean but have seen better days. Frayed carpet with minor stains, the sliding back door was not locked because the lock was broken. There was a lock bar which we used and worked just fine.The area:We came in late but the area looks ok. Lots of retail space and restaurants around.Summary:For $104  night, not bad but I have seen better Courtyards. Good choice if you want quite off the strip.
5	Came here with a group of students and it was a wonderful experience! Friendly staff and the rooms were very clean! the breakfast is well equipment with oatmeal, waffles and a chefs is there to make a omatelle! free wifi, clean room every night also has a pool. a little far from the strip though. If thats what your into a taxi ride will run you about 20-25 bucks.Staff did a good job!
3	The public areas looked good.  Staff was friendly.  The negatives are:Hallway on second floor smelled like poop.Bed was incredibly hard.Bathroom looked a bit of a need of a renovation.
3	Clean and quiet. Allowed me to check in early and gave me some Marriott points too!  Wireless works great, but then I am on the bottom floor. Security and area seem okay.  Staff seems nice.  Convenient area, Chevron across the street, numerous restaurants nearby, only a few minutes from strip.
3	Nice place to stay if you are want to stay out of the casinos, nice swimming pool, free internet. They have soft to firm beds and pillows but you must ask. Each room has hot coffee and coco. Each room is supposed to have two trash cans, the one I had did not. They have a small breakfast area, but it isn't free, it cost $12.00 each person. For a better deal just walk straight across Green Valley Parkway street and you will find Blueberry Hill Restaurant.Another thing to know is they have free condiment (forgotten items), razor, shaving cream, tooth brush, forks and spoons. They   sale these things also but no prices are shown. The rooms have a refrigerator and microwave, but just across the street is a grocery store, open 24/7. There is a dry cleaners, and barber shop  across the street.
2	Pros: I got a very 1 bedroom for a cheap price, easy and free parking, wifi works well. Friday's and Joes Crab shack are walking distance.Cons: Haven't slept hardy at all since checking in. Constant footfalls from the upstairs rooms, constant planes flying overhead at this hotel is directly in the flight pattern of McCarrens. Elevator is loud. There is a smoke detector directly above your head in the bed and is VERY bright at night. Cannot change rooms was told place was booked. I'm sure there are better rooms here but who knows. Pool is ok but hot tub was way to cold. Wife said staff was rude but they have been ok for me.
3	This dated Courtyard is a decent place to stay if you want to avoid the hassle of the strip. I decided to stay here BC the magic convention was in town. I booked in advance at the rate of $94.00 a night before taxes.The hotel is located near many restaurants, Green Valley Ranch resort, Bank Of America and a Trader Joe's which was convenient. As I mentioned the hotel lobby could use a face lift and the fitness center needs to be expanded in size and content of equipment. My room was clean and totally functional with wired and wireless WifI with a view of the pool area.I would return to the Courtyard by Marriott again especially if I want a no frills non gaming location.
1	very far away from strip, noise of landing airplanes, $20 resort fee, very small pool
4	It's so nice to come to a hotel in Vegas that is clean, quiet and restful. Not the usual Vegas bling and noise.
2	Well I have stayed at every Marriott hotel in Vegas at one time or another.. Or so I thought   Stayed for a day trip and found the only hotel that was time warped back to 1995.  Fairly clean and staff is professional but hotel is very very out of date and needs paint and carpet etc...  Come on Marriott update this dog or put her down!
