3	This is Ling & Louie's flagship store which they are using to work out their concept so that they can franchise many more.  Unsurprisingly, they still have quite a few kinks to work out.  The cuisine is Pan Asian which is not easy to execute given how much variation there is.Taipei Pepper Beef had a nice kick and the filet mignon cubes were beautifully charred.  The sauce was very tasty but don't know why they have to put it all over rice so that you have no control of how much rice to eat with it.  In fact, this dish needs way more rice given how strongly flavored the sauce is.The Lemongrass Mahi Mahi was a big letdown after starting on such a high note.  The firm flesh of the fish just does not lend itself well to deepfrying and the lemongrass is such a delicate herb that all flavor is lost in the frying process.  The fried spinach leaves were not crispy and the sauces that accompanied the dish were sweet and boring - contrary to their tagline "Not for boring people".  Our waiter let the general manager know about our reaction and he immediately came over to speak to us.  He offered to take the Mahi Mahi off our bill and comped us another Taipei Pepper Beef to take with us.  Service is great and I'm hoping the food will catch up to it.  I'd definitely go back for the Beef dish and will hopefully have  a better experience with other dishes.  So until then...
4	Lunch was very good!  I had the Orange Chicken.  The chicken was crispy, and moist on the inside.  The crispy spinach was actually very good and helped give the dish some very nice flavor.  My friend had the Mongolian Beef.  Lots of flavor, nicely charred on the outside and moist on the inside.This place is a higher quality Chinese restaurant.  It's not the cheapy Chinese food most people are used to getting.
4	Went for lunch on my way to Sprouts.  Tyler greeted me with a business card (RicE to MeeT YoU), directed me to a seat, explained the specials and took my drink order.  Nice service.Despite hearing the specials including a noodle dish with tender duck I came to try the Korean Sizzling Salmon as shown in a newspaper ad.  The Atlantic Salmon smothered in hot sesame ginger over a bed of asparagus was really sizzling.  Tyler put it on the opposite side of the table and warned how sizzling it was.  Yes, indeed it was sizzling and the salmon stayed very hot for the duration (even the broccoli).  The sauce masked the underlying farm raised salmon but was tasty.  Not my favorite preparation technique but an acceptable alternative.While shopping at Sprouts I noticed some sauce on my arm so beware of the sizzle if you give it a try.
4	Per tradition the birthday celebrator gets to pick the dinner location; the choice this year was Ling & Louie's.  Only two of us had dined there before and the recommendation and menu were certainly tantalizing.After some miscommunications regarding the reservation (well, the two reservations that were somehow BOTH forgotten) we sat down, perused the menu and started calling out what tempted us most.  We ended up opting for a family-style feast so we could sample a bit of everything.The service was absolutely excellent.  No question.  Our waiter worked with us crafting the best selection of dishes, making modifications to dishes and cobbling together some special requests.As the appetizers were delivered I was slightly disappointed; somehow I'd gotten the expectation that each dish would be a fusion specialty in and of itself.  Instead, the selections were more a survey of different Asian cuisines (with a few curve-balls thrown in for good measure).  The Beijing Chicken Nachos were the absolute standout here, but none of the other options disappointed.We struggled to find room on the table for our entrees.  The Orange Peel Chicken was exceptionally light and refreshing; a favorite of all.  The Evil Jungle Princess was another standout.  We passed on the seafood dishes due to food allergies, but I'll surely go back to try those at a later time.We finished off our celebration with a shared Chocolate Volcano.  It was lighter than expected and perfectly blended the sweetness of the ice cream and fruits with the richness of the chocolate souffle.All told, we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner and each of us plans to become a repeat customer.
1	I couldn't stand this place! I am actually very surprised other people gave it a good review. Aside from the service being very poor the food was nothing too exciting. I did like the spicy chicken and rice soup, however they brought me out the wrong soup the first time. I was also brought out the wrong drink too! My date ordered a salad which was not bad, but not very good. There was too much dressing and it made everything else in the salad very soggy. I had the sweet & sour chicken, but was not impressed at all. The food is not the worst, but I can get better Chinese food down the street from this restaurant. I do think the service was so bad that it did bring down the rating, I did get a laugh however because they seemed to mess up on everything we ordered like we were on a hidden camera show.
5	I'm surprised this place got such mixed reviews.  I went and all the food we ate was dee-lish.  We took the advice of our wonderful server, Jill (definitely ask for her - she's great!).  She recommended Fire Rock Pale Ale, the Spicy Ahi Tempura Roll, Jewelled Beef Noodles and the Surf and Turf with Vegetable Fried Rice.  Everything was perfectly spiced and sauced; the beef was very tender and veggies were fresh.  It can be a little pricey, but check out their daily specials.  I'll definitely pop in here again!
3	Its good food.  Its just not the greatest food for the price you pay.  I had a spicy chicken of some sort, and they dont mess around when it comes to the spicy stuff.  This stuff was HOT.  I enjoyed it quite a bit, but I just didnt feel like the food justified the price.  $11 for a lunch special?  No thanks.  I would give the food 4 out of 5 stars though.
5	Ok, so it isn't excactly Ling's, it's more Louie's. I would describe it as asian inspired with a healthy twist.This is hands down my favorite lunch spot. They make amazing food, and at great deals. Not to mention it is so conveinently next door to Golden Spoon yogurt. :)The only down fall is this total creep that works the bar. Mid 50's, greesey pony tail, dangly earring..total weirdo. He is a space invader for sure. I go through a state of panic each time i go with the thought that I could end up in his section. He is one of those who thinks he is 20-something, attractive and funny. He gets down on his knees (so he is at your level sitting) and just joins the conversation. It is really annoying and almost enough to make me avoid the joint.
2	I was prepared to like this place. Really I was. Very attractive exterior and cute name.  What a bonehead I was - should have done better research.  Ling & Louie's is as if P.F. Chang and Applebee's had a love child.  The result is unfortunate - a "concept" formula made expressly for "franchi$e opportunitie$", and there's nothing especially good or unique about it.  Friends don't let friends eat mediocre food.
2	It's not "Asian" food at all, it's (someone's) "Asian food concept".I thought everything was either bland, or hot for the sake of being hot - no complexity in the flavors.Most ESPECIALLY if you're from the Northeast or California,  I think you will be sorely disappointed. (Now I must tell you here that I am a "traditionalist" - being from NYC & Boston, and having family in San Francisco, that is the yardstick I go by.)Also, their menu is written slightly cutesy - which I usually find annoying, and even MORE so in a Chinese restaurant.  "Chop-Chop Lunch Specials"? It's definitely a chain-style restaurant - and we already have PF Chang's up the wazoo here in the Valley.I didn't have any problems with the service, but I've only been there on weeknights.  Twice. Won't bother again.
3	Ling & Louie's is quite alright... nothing that leaves me instantly craving a return trip; but good enough that I'm really glad to have tried it. We started off by trying a couple of their appetizers; the crab wontons and the coconut shrimp. Both were pretty tasty and were served with a sweet and tangy tropical sauce that I quite enjoyed. I do wish that the crab wontons would have been a bit crunchier though. For our main dish we split the "F'n Sliders" which were these mini burgers loaded with strips of steak. They weren't too bad, but were pretty messy and hard to eat without feeling like a slob. The best thing we had was probably the Tom Kai Gai soup... slightly spicy but very flavorful. This is the type of place that'd probably work a little better with more of a Pei-Wei's type of set up,,, it has more of a casual, almost bar-like atmosphere... it doesn't feel like you're at an Asian restaurant when you're here. In the end... it's a cool concept (Asian dishes with more traditional American fusions) it just didn't wow me like it could have. Still it's a solid spot with a fun menu that you should try. 3.5/5.
5	I don't give out 5 star reviews very easily, but when I go somewhere multiple times and it is always consistent, I think it is deserving.Ling & Louie's is best described as Asian fusion, I mean there is meatloaf on the menu for goodness sakes!  But they do an excellent job modernizing some of the classics, and it is never greasy!  The orange chicken and crispy spinach is divine, the walnut shrimp so tasty, and I love the fact that they use filet for the beef in all their dishes!  It is always cooked so perfectly and the meat is so tender it just melts in your mouth!They do a great job on appetizers too, potstickers, sushi and the soups are all excellent, especially the chicken and rice, it has just a hint of spice.Their drink menu has lots of fun and fruity drinks too, but if you are looking for something nonalcoholic, try the fresh squeezed limeade....it is soooo good!
4	I tried Ling and Louie's this weekend on the recommendation of a friend. I'm not a huge fan of Asian food, so I might have been inclined to go with 3 stars, but my boyfriend really liked it, so I went with 4. The restaurant has a good variety of popular dishes from different Asian cuisines. We ordered:Pork Pot Stickers... slightly crispy on the outside with a good dipping sauce. Overall, not bad. Tom Kha Gai soup... coconut based spicy-sweet soup with chicken and mushrooms. The flavor was a little too intense for me. But the bf was a fan. New Wave Pad Thai... ordered with out chicken. The shrimp was blackened and good. I liked the sauce a lot. I had one serving with some lime squeezed over it and another with chili paste mixed in. Both were good!Evil Jungle Princess Beef over Jasmine Rice... I didn't really like my first bite, but as I kept going, I started to like it more and more. What a great mix of flavors!! Limeade... I really liked their limeade. Good compliment to the asian food. Our waiter was very nice and attentive. Overall, it was a good experience.
4	I had the privilege of getting to try out Ling & Louie's on Shea for work (yes my job is rough), and I really enjoyed it!The atmosphere is casual and fun and the staff is SO nice. They were very accommodating and attentive. We got to sit next to the kitchen where you can actually see your food being prepared, so you know it's fresh.The food was great. You can't go in expecting traditional Asian food or PF Changs. The food at Ling & Louie's is more of an Asian meets American Comfort Food. We started out with a shrimp & avocado tempura roll. I thought it was okay, however my friends thought it was fabulous. I was more of a fan of the Emerald Spinach Salad...fresh, light and freakin' tasty! You can't go wrong with strawberries, walnuts and blue cheese.For entrees, we tried out the crab cakes and the Evil Jungle Princess, which is a signature dish that even has her own twitter handle (@EvlJnglePrinces if you're curious). I enjoyed the crab cakes, but loved the Evil Jungle Princess. It's chicken and fresh veggies in a peanut-red curry sauce. And if you're in the mood for some drinky drinks, get a Guava Tea. It's Guava Rum meets Arnold Palmer. Light, smooth and refreshing...dangerously deceiving.Definitely go check them out...you won't be disappointed.
2	Over priced for what it is. A good place to have a couple drinks for happy hour
4	Last Sunday was our first time at this Asian Grill.  All the beef dishes are made with Filet Mignon. My 81 year young Mother ordered the Mongolian beef and had "zero" complaints! What a wonderful concept to use such tender beef since it has to be sliced thin for Asian recipes. The entrees are served over rice instead of on the side. If your used to rice on side they will accommodate your request when ordering. For appetizers, the spicy calamari was a hit with our group of five.  This is served over the best tasting chili asian slaw. It was a hit with our middle schooler too. So were the Siamese spring rolls served with a sweet chili sauce. One order of each appetizers were plenty to share around the table. The miso soup (this was our first) was a dark, mild fishy broth...not our favorite...must be an acquired taste. The Sizzling Blackened Chicken and Pork was cooked in a red curry butter which was mild in flavor.  The meat was tender. Try the wasabi mashed potatoes as an extra side dish...yum! The Buddha's Feast with Chicken was not a favorite. The menu states with a hint of Thai basil though the sauce was over powered with to much basil.  For the lighter diners try the combo Ling Chicken and Rice soup served with Chopstick Chicken salad. The salad dressing is a sesame soy vinaigrette. We certainly enjoyed our food and will return to Ling and Louie's.
3	I was not happy with this restaurant.  The atmosphere is nice, so I had high hopes when walking inside but...The food is average and very overpriced, in my opinion.  And the wait staff was slow.  I will absolutely give them credit for acknowledging that the service was not acceptable: they removed $5.00 from the bill of $35.00, but frankly, there is nothing that would compel me to return to this restaurant.
5	It's been two weeks since we had dinner here.  Our waitress Alicea suggested ordering two items from the special birthday menu and the dessert is on the house.  The special menu is for a limited time with entrees not offered on the regular menu. For our appetizer we ordered the pork satay. Three huge, tender juicy pieces of pork got our taste buds off to a yummy start. My husband's entree, the "Evil Jungle Princess" made with Filet Mignon and a peanut red curry sauce is on the regular menu. He enjoyed every bite...so did I. The red curry sauce is spicy spicy on the tongue, though a sip of the "Thai Mai" frozen drink was a quick fix. And speaking of this drink, it's a must to order.  (Much better flavors than the traditional Mai Tai.) I ordered from the special birthday menu. My entree was called "Crispy Whole Fish". As a waiter delivered it to our table the other diners heads turned with curiosity. It was a huge Red Snapper and yes the head, tail and fins still in tack! Every bite of the fish was perfectly moist. We forced ourselves to finish the Snapper since it was so scrumptious! This entree needs to be offered on the regular menu. The vegetable fried rice was fluffy and tasty with a hint of spiciness. (It wasn't oily like other Asian/Thai restaurants here in the valley make their rice.) The second side dish ordered was the wasabi mashed potatoes which was a perfect complement to both of our delicious entrees. And last was the complimentary dessert.....the Chocolate Volcano with vanilla bean ice cream.  We had our waitress box it up since we were full from eating all of the above food. This dessert can be ordered from the regular menu.  At home, later in the evening, we ate the Volcano. A great dessert, it was not to sweet. We're headed back to Ling and Louie's this week and you need to try it too!
4	YUMMMMMMMY!!! We went here for lunch today and ordered the edamame (appetizer), firecracker chicken and broccoli w/ jasmine rice and the gluten-free jeweled beef. Everything was fantastic and our server, Alicea, was awesome. The service was fast, friendly and we had a great time. (Also, they have happy hour from like 11am to 6pm!) Too bad we can't take advantage of that extended happy hour, but some day *shaking my fist at 'The Man'* midday drinking will become an acceptable work phenomenon again. *giggle*
5	I really enjoyed my experience with my friends at Ling & Louies yesterday. I used to worked for Ling & Louies so I know that the food is awesome! If you like food with a spice this is the plafe for you. We had a great time and I enjoy the atmosphere of the restaurant.
3	OK, so I lied.  There is something that would compel me to return to this restaurant, and that is an offer from the corporate office to return to the restaurant in an effort to change my mind.  I'll let you know the results...
4	This place is a solid 4.5 star. Today we went there, met Uncle Fu aka Paul (patron saint of their fried rice and an all-around awesome kinda guy). Despite my friend nearly stomping on his foot with her stilettos while he was chatting up some other clients he is an amiable, witty character and actually remembered us from a previous visit) and ordered the ahi lettuce wraps for an appetizer. My mouth was sooooooooooo happy! What a delicious and wonderful change from the regular chicken lettuce wraps (although they offer those too, but I haven't tried them). I ordered the strawberry limeade and the Evil Jungle Princess with jasmine rice and the flavors are such that you wish the meal could go on forever...even as your tummy is telling you that it's time to stop the madness.  This place has earned it's spot in our lunch rotation. Yummylicious!
4	I enjoy this place.  I usually go at night with a group of moms and we love it.  The food is very good.  I finally tasted the Evil Jungle Princess Beef that my friend raved about.  It was really delicious.  I love the Black Orchid Ahi Tuna. I went for lunch with my husband and we had a great time.  The bartender, Paul is great.  My husband's house margarita was really good.  The prices are so reasonable.  I can't wait for my next moms night out.
4	Loved it!  Half expected a lame PF Chang wannabe so was very surprised at how excellent and fun it was!  Specials were terrific and cheap, and the bartender Paul made us some of the better drinks I've had in town.
3	I SOOO badly want to give this restaurant a great review, especially because they have gone above and beyond to improve my experience.  Christine (of Ling & Louie) has been wonderful, sending me a couple of coupons, along with a list of her appetizer suggestions and a description of why each is so good.  She has followed up to ensure that I received them, and again to ask if I have visited the restaurant again.I did.  I was back on Monday night.  I tried her suggestions.  And yes, the Black Orchid Ahi Tuna was terrific.  Really good!  The Ahi Lettuce Wraps I was much less impressed with, and the Emerald Spinach Salad was quite flavorful.  And the bartender (we were seated at the bar) could not have been more courteous.  And then.....Whether it was the spinach, the raw tuna, or the chicken...we became sick.  Almost immediately, or within 20 minutes of the meal.  Thank goodness I have a 2 bathroom condominium!So, Christine, I am certain you will understand when I say, I'm sorry, but I have two additional coupons that I will not use.  I went with the best intentions, hoping for the best but...I just can't.  I just can't change my review to anything more positive right now.  Thanks for your understanding.
5	This place is fantastic.  We walked in and were welcomed by Neil who immediately told us about the happy hour specials.  We noticed that he greeted all of the guests with the same enthusiasm.  The drinks are priced very reasonably and the appetizers were phenomenal.  The crab rangoon (crab filled wontons here) were filled with real crab and came with a delicious sauce, the best we have ever had.  We also had the potstickers. They were very good, but the sauce was exceptional.  It was a similar to the ginger-soy sauce that usually comes with potstickers, but it was thicker without being sweet.  We didn't catch the other bartender's name, but she was great as well.  We will definitely be back again, this is a great place with a serious kitchen that works hard to earn repeat business.
4	Some of the best food I have had since moving to Scottsdale.  I ordered Jeweled Beef and cleaned up the plate.   The filet was medium rare and oh so good.   I saw several things on the menu that caught my eye.  I plan on returning and trying them all.
4	Yum!  I loved the chicken and rice soup and the mongolian beef (with filet) that I ordered.  The service was great, the atmosphere was nice and the food was especially good!
4	Second visit to L&L.  The first was at lunch with a group of moms second with my family.  The service was excellent which is saying a lot.  They didn't have to ask what we needed they surveyed the table and kept the meal moving.  Which I appreciated since we had the three kids with us.  This is not traditional chinese, so get the asian nachos.  They are a giant appetizer very unique and quite tasty.  EVERYONE enjoyed their meals and the happy hour deals are pretty good.  I see more visits in my future.
4	Rockin good food here! We had calamari, seared ahi, lomein with tenderlion of beef and wild rice soup....all excellent! The banana thingie for desert was soooooooo good you gotta get it. It's a $15 desert but out of this world worth it!Houston was our server and he rocked as well!
4	My husband, son, daughter and I went for a Sunday lunch. My little girl who is only 2 did not want to sit still and cried so we left so other people could actually enjoy their lunch. Husband went back to pick up our lunch so we could enjoy it at home. We were very pleased. We will be back.
5	I dined at Ling & Louie's on a Friday night. The place was mobbed and I had to wait 1/2 hour for a deuce to open up. They seat people that call in and say they'll be right over first before they seat live body walk-ins. Now that I know the lay of the land I'll be prepared for next time.There will be a next time because the food and the service rocks. It's hard to believe this restaurant is at 3 1/2 stars on Yelp given all the people who showed up this past Friday. My wife and I started off with the rice and chicken soup. What surprised me was that there was hardly any rice in the soup but plenty of chicken. The soup was too peppery plus there was another spice in there that I couldn't put my finger on. So the soup was a solid 2.5 to 3 stars. Now for the main course, I ordered the Kung Pow Beef and my wife had the Thai Pad. The Kung Pow Beef consisted of filet minon, broccoli, green onions, bell peppers and hot peppers over rice. I definitely enjoyed this dish. My plate was piled high with delicious food and had a flavorable spicy kick to it. I would definitely order this dish on subsequent visits. My wife enjoyed the Thai Pad and was definitely happy that she had plenty of leftovers for subsequent lunches. Again, very generous portions for this entree.I can't wait to try out the rest of the menu, this place definitely is head and shoulders above it's competitors such as Flo's and PF Chang because the food definitely tastes better.
2	Very poor quasi-oriental food. The service was approximately on par with the food though the wait staff were very nice--just not very together. My suspicions began when our order of two dishes came out of the kitchen in fewer than five minutes, and was only half right. We had a Honey and Walnut Shrimp that was overly sweet and that was not improved by the mushrooms mixed with the deep fried, over-breaded shrimp, though the walnuts were nice. And, because this was the dish that was freshly made, after we pointed out that we hadn't order the Mango Wango Shrimp, it was hot. We also had an Evil Princess chicken that suffered from the same problem that most dishes made with thin strips of chicken breast and all dishes not freshly made suffer from. I had to struggle to give this restaurant a second star and unless I hear from a trusted source that they ate here recently and that it was excellent, I won't be going back.
1	Ling & Louie's is getting one start from me for very poor customer service. I ordered take out last Friday, the place was busy and the bartender handling the bar and take out orders was overwhelmed. After waiting for him to acknowledge me, he handed me the bill and got my order. I paid and even gave him a tip (which I now regret) because he didn't return my credit card. Mistakes happen and it's as much my fault for not realizing I didn't have my card. The problem is... I called the next morning and told the person who answered the phone what happened, he said "oh yeah, we have it" - that's it. When I drove all the way back to pick up my card... I walk in and the same bartender who kept my card was there, I said... "Hi, last night ....." he said nothing... he just looks at me, hands me the card and says "thanks"... FOR WHAT???? No apology, no nothing... At the very least, the guy could have apologized.  Not sure I'll be back....
4	For my birthday dinner I enjoyed my "usual" dish... the Sizzling Surf and Turf... shrimp and filet mignon... can't go wrong! Get it with the wasabi mashed potato upgrade. Worth it! My wife really enjoyed her Evil Jungle Princess Chicken... I couldn't keep my fork from snatching bites while trying to distract her.We also KILLED the Chocolate Volcano for dessert... which they bought to the table for my birthday. It was incredible!As always... a good meal at a good place.My wife really enjoyed her
2	Well, this is one of those ratings that I wish I could give an extra 1/2 star on, because a 2-star can be deceiving.This place is very well decorated, and the personality of the servers is very friendly.The only problem is the food.I don't really care how good the service is, or how fun the atmosphere is, if a restaurant doesn't have good food, most other categories don't matter.The Pomegranate tea I had tasted very watered down, and the Firecracker chicken I had (which was highly recommended by the waitress) tasted a lot like a frozen dinner over mildly overdone rice. The sauce was bland, and the chicken was dry and tasteless.It might pass for somebody unfamiliar with Asian food.I was pretty surprised, because the shrimp appetizer we had was VERY tasty.Too bad. I don't expect I'll be back unless my coworkers outnumber me.
3	Imagine Pei Wei. With crispy spinach. But without the raids by Sheriff Joe and his posse.You've just been to Ling and Louie's.Zang.
5	Great service and even better food! I went after a friend told me about how great the food was and they did not disappoint. I consider it a treat to go there due to the quality of the food and look forward to my next visit!
4	When Ling and Louie's first opened on Scottsdale, I went there a couple times, and frankly I was NOT a fan.  They were suffering from the "new restaurant syndrome" and things weren't consistent and service was off.  Now returning after a year or so, they have COMPLETELY changed things around.  I now consider this one of my favorite Asian Restaurants.I've consistently had great service.  They always refill your drinks promptly and are friendly.  We've always gotten our food quickly, so I have no complaints.My absolute favorites here are:-- For Adults, try the Thai Mai.  It's their version of a frozen mai tai with some rum floating on top.  It's to die for!-- the Mongolian Flatbread Appetizer.  OMG can I just say it's a amazing!  The spicy aioli and filet mignon blend perfectly!-- the Chicken and Rice Soup is so rich in Chicken, I'm shocked at what you get for the price.-- Loaded Chicken Nachos are a MUST try!-- The Buddha's Feast Chicken is delicious with huge pieces of Chicken and a lot of fresh vegetables.-- Firecracker Chicken and Broccoli is always a great standby.  It doesn't have a lot of flavor, but it's very spicy and delicious.
4	Fits the bill for a quality lunch.  Plentiful options, fairly priced lunch specials, prompt service, and a comfortable atmosphere.  Their take on Pad Thai is  unique, light, and flavorful.
4	I really really liked the food here. We stopped in here after visiting our newborn nephew at the hospital because we were starving. I got the jeweled beef noodle bowl and it was probably one of the best steak dishes I have ever had. The weird thing was that we walked in and stood for a min because we weren't sure if we were supposed to seat ourselves or not. We eventually started to walk towards a table and finally someone stopped us and sat us. I will definitely go back, just not with great frequency because it's a bit too pricey for what I like to spend on a place like that. But good food.
4	I went here for the first time when they opened their location in the new Wild Horse Pass Casino. This location is kind of hidden on Shea but definitely worth stopping in. I love that they serve their Orange Chicken with crispy spinach. Not quite as good as the Bamboo Club but that is hard to beat in my mind. The food was very tasty and if you sign up for their text club when you sit down you will get a free order of edamame. Also, they have lunch specials for around $7 so that might be a great time to stop in.
3	I've been to Ling & Louie's a couple times now and I really feel it is a solid place.  The one thing that does make it stand out over places with a similar feel is their service.  It's great.  They really are attentive and friendly, which to me, is just as important as the food.The food here really is A-OK.  I haven't had anything that's blown me away, but I have had some good food that isn't too expensive and leave me satisfied.  Last time we went I had the chicken and rice soup, which was light, but flavorful.  We also had the nachos, which were very unique and decently tasty.  I can't remember what I had the first time, but it must have been good because we came back.Given that this restaurant is in a good location for us, I am sure we will be back.  I would say it's worth visiting and a nice change of pace from your typical chain restaurant.
5	Exceptional restaurant.  Ling and Louie's styles itself as where "modern Asian meets American comfort food," and the menu does not disappoint.  They also offer a new drink menu, and I had the Pak Chee Martini, delicious!  My husband was thrilled with the draft beer selection and that it was very cold!  There is a "Lou's Brew Crew" draft beer promotion for July where you can receive a glass or t-shirt for drinking certain drafts, how great!For food, I ordered the Buddha's Feast with Chicken (substituted with shrimp) and the flavors were full and varied. Shrimp extremely tender and the asparagus, mushrooms, and red onions were perfectly prepared; loved the hint of Thai basil.  My husband ordered the Sizzling Blackened Chicken & Pork.  Again, incredible flavors; blackening added flavor without overwhelming the chicken or pork tenderloin, and the jasmine rice on the side was the perfect complement.  No room for dessert but we had our eye on the Chocolate Volcano, which we will most definitely have on our next visit!
4	I would love this place, the waitress was very nice (in more than one way) and the food was delicious. But after feeding only myself for what I thought was one of the least expensive meals I walked out having spent about $25 including drink, dessert, and tip for only one person.
4	Pricey, but I would go back again. Nice ambiance. I had a noodle dish (I can't remember its name). Friendly bartender.
4	Love Uncle Fu's Combination Fried Rice...great for breakfast, too!
3	This is an average food spot with really good service. I'm not really big on all the wok stuff, so I had to find some alternatives...and, there really aren't many. We had a good time and our service was funny. I'd go back.
4	Awesome, somewhat hidden gem in north scottsdale. Great, unique menu with many options. The vibe is always lively here and the place is usually loud and busy-- which i like.
2	Been here a couple times and really want to love it ....but just can't.  Lunch this week was just okay.  Our server Jill was very enthusiastic and efficient.  For some reason this place is noisy in a very annoying way.  We endured clinking, clacking and other such kitchen/bar distractions during most of our meal.  Try having a conversation!  We ordered meatloaf sliders w/ fries (I know, at an Asian place no less!) and pad thai.  The sliders were okay but at $11.95 not a value.  Pad thai lunch-portion was $7.95 - a bowl of noodles w/ some chicken & shrimp and a few onions & shredded carrots.  I guess next time I want "Asian" I'll go all the way to a Real Chinese restaurant.On the upside, I counted 7 different kinds of sake on the menu.  If you're a sake drinker, maybe this makes up for the so-so food?
4	We have visited Ling and Louie's pretty often.  We like to get the sushi rolls and edamame to start.  The thai mussel bowl and walnut shrimp are very good.  The servers are generally good and very friendly.
5	i love, love, love Ling & Louie's. we live close by and visit somewhat frequently and we've never had a disappointing meal or less-than stellar service. if you like seared tuna, the black orchid ahi tuna dish is super delicious and filling (the portion is huge!). i always have a tough time deciding between that, the monsoon chicken and shrimp, wango mango shrimp and drunken shrimp (i like my seafood!). oh, i will say this - the starters are pretty good but we were a little less than impressed with the ahi lettuce wraps - really wasn't our thing but i'm sure it's quite tasty to someone else. we actually brought the boyfriend's mom here when she was in town for 5 days - on her last night she insisted on going back to L&L for a second time in her 5 day visit! the cocktails are decently priced even not during happy hour. i think the thai mai is around $5 and it's a pretty sizable glass with a good pour.
4	I'm not grading this on authenticity... just on taste and value.  As Scottsdale das developed and evolved the hipper cooler places have moved north.  After several places closed between 2008 and 2010, good food was getting harder and harder to find in 85259.   L&Ls has great tasting food, love the Mongolian beef flat-bread and the Honey Walnut Chicken.   The service is excellent and location is great.  Adequate parking and not far from 101 but not buried around 90th and 92nd St.And Carol, the meatloaf is probably only on the menu for kids (or adults) who choose something safe sounding... don't think its fair to grade them on meatloaf...  I don't critic meatloaf (even when it just 3 stars) on a Asian/fusion/whatever-it-is menu!For a full menu go here: http://scottsdale.lingandlouies.com/wp-content/themes/WP_Theme_LandL_Scottsdale/images/menu-dinner.pdf
5	This place is so amazing!!! First time eating here and we will definitely be regular customers! Everything we ordered was so flavorful and fantastic!!
4	Four words: seven-hour happy hour. I've only dined in a couple times, but taking advantage of their $5 specialty cocktails while waiting for takeout is well-worth showing up early!Although their extensive menu comprises mostly standard Asian-fusion fare, Ling & Louie's changes it up a bit with the addition of some "American comfort food" options for its less adventurous patrons. Aside from the spectacular drink specials and speedy take-away service, L & L's best culinary achievement is its tenderloin - particularly in the "evil jungle princess" entree. If you like spicy food and high-quality meat, this dish is definitely a top pick.Overall I'd say this place is a 4/5, but I give it a 5/5 as far as Asian-fusion restaurants are concerned. The service is consistent and the food never disappoints - Thanks!
3	3.5 stars.My husband and I stopped in for lunch after the Farmers Market in the same strip mall.  I liked the warm feel of the place, and that the menu has some options that only have an Asian twist.  My F'n Loaded sliders (3) with filet mignon, bleu cheese, and bacon came with a garlic-ginger soy sauce.  At roughly $12, they were a little pricey, but the filet was very tender and I had a snack for later.  The garlic-parmesan fries were ridiculously addicting, and I found myself continuing to eat them past the point of no return...meaning, I just ate them until they were gone.  Then I was offered more, and had to make the difficult decision to decline.Definitely worth a try if you're in the neighborhood!
3	Looking for Asian Fusion Happy Hour, this is your place.Although several reviews seems to like the happy hour aspect of Ling & Louie's, this review is only for the dining and service presented after coming here twice.  The decor is clean, but decor seams a bit dark.  I suppose this is more for the ambiance of a bar and those enjoying happy hour.  I had the vegetarian fried rice which was nothing more than fried rice topped with fried tofu on the top.  I didn't like the presentation of the dish, but the taste was better than it looked.  My wife and the ahi sliders which were creative and tasty, but her toasted buns were a bit burnt on top.  Our waiter seemed to be friendly and present however after the bill was paid, you couldn't find him to get a refill on our water.  (I suppose this would be what is expected in an Asian restaurant)ROA (Ratio of Authenticity) #Ethnic patrons/#Total Patrons = 0.1 (This includes my wife and myself.  Not very authentic, but if you are in the mood for Asian Fusion it is worth a try. If you find this useful, cool, or funny, please check below.
4	I had the chicken fried rice (yeah, I know--boring).  However, all the veggies were amazing (crisp green beans rather than soggy/overcooked ones) and so was the chicken (all white meat and tender).  This place isn't "authentic" at all but if you're looking for yummy, high quality product...then this is your place.  They also have a great take-out system that is quick.
4	This is a great local restaurant with great food and fun cocktails.
5	LOVE this place!!  I had tried Ling & Louie's when it first opened a few years ago and thought it was ok.  I gave it another try recently and have been back 3 times in 2 weeks!!!!  The Ahi sliders are to die for.  The service is EXCELLENT.  Paul the bartender is a GEM!  Hardworking, personable and clearly takes pride in his job.  His customer service is top notch!  I will continue to be a loyal customer!
4	I've been here several times and always leave with the same feeling.  Good food, good service, unusual flavors, wanting to go back.  Simple as that!
4	Tried Ling & Louies for the first time, different than the traditional for sure. Service and food were both excellent. We tried the duck sliders,lucky lo mein rice, orange peel chicken & beef & broccoli.
4	I met a few friends for lunch here during the week and it was pretty busy.  They had a decent lunch drink special which is always a plus!  We shared the mongolian beef flat bread.  It was delicious.  I was tempted to order another one to take home but didn't.  You can order a lunch special during the week for $7.95.  My friend and I shared the Kung POW Beef.  It was just enough for the two of us, but probably because we are busy talking to each other instead of eating.  The service was ok...we waited a really long time to get our tab.  Otherwise, I would definitely go back.
4	It's not everyday when you can describe a restaurant as 'different' and it's a good thing.  But, Ling & Louie's is different from what you expect when you go out for chinese, and that's what made dining there a wonderful experience.  The food certainly isn't "authentic" american chinese, but it certainly is fun.Here's a rundown of the food my party of four spilt:Louie's Loaded nachos.Wonton chips with cheddar-jack cheese, chicken, tomatoes, onions, cilantro, hoisin BBQ sauce, wasabi sour cream and "asian" guacamole.Delicious.  I highly recommend trying this appetizer.Honey Walnut ChickenCrispy chicken and mushrooms in a creamy honey sauce with candied walnuts.Awesome!  The chicken was not too heavily breaded, the sauce was sweet, and the candied nuts were an unexpected treat.Mongolian Beef.Pretty much your standard order.  This one is perfect for someone just looking for typical asian.  Not bad, but not special.Beijing Duck NoodlesDuck with noodles and vegetables.A good try, but not very good.  There was only a small amount of duck hidden in the dish.  The duck also wasn't very flavorful.  I wouldn't recommend this one.There's so much on the menu that looks different, interesting and good.  If you're looking for asian, but are tired of the same old, same old, then give Ling & Louie's a much deserved time.  And if you're looking to save a few bucks, Ling & louie's is on local dines (https://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485) with a $30 for $15 gift certificate.  But a word of warning, it's a popular one that sells out fast.
4	Great food - two favorites by far are the Evil Jungle Princess (w/ fillet Mignon & noodles) and the sizzling blackened chicken and pork. The flavor is unreal - they know what they are doing. Everyone comments about how it's not "real" Chinese food but I am telling you - it's better. Don't waste your time or money at Flo's or Jade, I have eaten all three many times and Ling is hands down better tasting food.
2	Went there back in feb. with a party of  8 had two waitress one grumpy one happy. Food had seem to change from previous visit and not for the better. Won't be going back might try Tempe location.
4	Good food, great happy hour - all day!  The beef and broccoli is made with wok charred filet mignon.  Very tasty!  I like the ahi salad too - above average.  Nice menu - lots of creative dishes.
4	First let me state that the only reason I am deducting a star is because I didn't like the entree that I ordered, but due to the fact that the quality of the food was great I would return to try a different entree on the menu. I also really enjoyed their lettuce wraps, so that would bring me back again. :) The service here is amazing! Our waitress, I believe her name was Ashley (cute blonde girl) did a fantastic job! She was professional, knowledgeable, and personable. The manager was also great... He came to see how everything was, gave us a coupon and invited us back. The atmosphere was very modern, cute, laid back and fun. I really enjoyed my experience here and as I stated previously, I would return to try something different on the menu! :)
5	You have to have a frozen thai mai from here! They are amazing. I also order the honey walnut shrip minus the mushrooms. The bartenders are amazing and always ask if i have a food allergy to mushrooms and will put it on the ticket. The bartenders are very friendly which is why ive never sat anywhere but at the bar.
4	I forgot to finish this...and it's been awhileMy wife tried this place first and didn't care for it, but that was a year or two ago. I've gone by this place so often that I thought I'd give it a try. The server was polite and knowledgeable. She made sure our drinks were topped off. We started with the Shrimp & Avocado Tempura Roll, Firecracker Chicken with Broccoli, Beijing Duck Noodles and Banana Caramel Spring Roll. I remember my noodles were a little wet so make sure when you eat them that the juice stays on the noodles and not your shirt.The dessert was really good.
4	The service was good, the atmosphere was nice and the food was DELISH! I can't wait to go back!!
5	Great hidden gem for vegetarians + the best service in town. While we veggie folk know that most Asian places will substitute tofu for any dishes in lieu of meat, we also know it is hard to find a place where the tofu isn't a crappy tasting substitute that they don't really want to serve ... This is not the case at Ling and Louie's. The fried tofu in just about everything and in every sauce is delicious. I kick it way up the spicy meter with 2 or 3 dishes of chili paste and mix that in with my (off the menu) Evil Jungle Tofu. It is so good that I am actually happy that the portions are too large for me to finish. I can nosh on this dish all night ... well after I've left the restaurant. I'm a pretty simple beer and whiskey drinker, but I my wife loves the great drinks that they make here. They come in blue, red, purple, and green ... I don't know what's in them, but she loves them.The servers treat you like family and are always extra nice to our little one. They don't put a hot plate in front of a 2 year old like most restaurants and have a vast selection of items for the mini me in your life. The staff is always quick to grab a high chair a few crayons and a fun kids menu.  Every time I've been, it's busy ... but not uncomfortably so. We're always sat quickly and never rushed. The decor is cool and it's casual enough for the entire family and nice enough to impress a date. Don't miss out on this one. A real 5 out of 5. - Jason -
5	I wanna steal the manager who is on TV all the time to be a chef in my restaurant ;) The bathrooms are awesome and clean, and that is how one REALLY knows if a restaurant is good. Great food, big smiles, sumptuous drinks...what more can you ask for?
2	The wait service was HORRIBLE.  Seriously.  We had to wait about 15 minutes to even place an order for drinks and then another 15 minutes to get them.  Do they not know the bar is where you make your money???  We were in a party of 10 - which can result in a very nice tip if the service is even mediocre at best.  Not so much.  Someone who may have passed as a manager walked by and glanced at our table, but never bothered to ask how we were doing.  The tuna was good, but the sauce was salty.  The coconut shrimp were okay.  We won't be going back.
1	We were wanting to try this place for a while - we entered during lunch time and we were the only ones there so the wait service was awesome.  FYI:  they will only bring you water and chips if you request it otherwise they will not bring them.  I was disappointed in the menu it was not too big and most of there items were on the spicy side which our family does not eat.  Plus we have an allergy to soy and all there items have not only Soy but Genetically modified soy is the worse stuff ever... the wait staff did try to find me something to eat without soy and they did not realize Soy is the # 1 ingredient in mayo....so could not eat anything except the chips which were really good...They do have a gluten free menu but they should have a Soy free gluten free menu as well - so I will not be returning.
4	The food here is great and so is the friendly staff. Ling and Louie's has everything going for it except the feeling of an Asian restaurant as it's a mix of Southwestern influences...Nothing wrong with that..just not plain Asian..There are a couple of great choices on the menu especially the Evil Jungle Princess and the chicken and rice soup, and some of the appetizers are downright killers sch as the chicken lettuce cups and the chicken skewers..A word on Houston; the bartender...that guy is bad ass in every sense of  the words...it's just not the same when he is not there...He is cordial, warm, friendly, fuzzy, extremely kind and just a real pro..I can't say enough nice things about him and even the other bartenders there cannot measure up to him...My first review of Ling and Louie's was a little harsh at first but all my experiences since then have been consistently excellent. The management is top notch and never afraid of any criticism nor to make up for it...Upgrading my review to four stars because Yay I'm a fan and yes they deserve it...
2	Ling & Louie, hmmm, I'm having a bit of hard time to define this place. The menu serves a wide range of Asian foods, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai and Vietnamese (from my first glance of the dishes and its names), then there is a full bar, Happy Hour menu such as Asian fusion 'flatbread' and 'tacos', it just made me more confused, a place serves many kinds of Asian food but nothing is specialized? Just because you put a description of 'asian sauce', makes a taco Chinese? Then there is this interesting looking clock on the wall next to the kitchen, a clock consists '12' on the top as normal, but the rest numbers are replace by a '5', that just made you start singing, 'it is five o'clock somewhere', and 'let's drink'! So yeah, this is a bar with many kinds of Asian fusion foods. Do not come if you are craving for a more authentic asian cuisine, that was my mistake, yeah...
2	You know, I had dinner here  the other night for the first time and the food was good, just above ok but no where near great.  Our server was nice but didn't know the beer menu at all.  Also, It took forever for our main course to arrive. Overall it was meh.
1	After waiting 10 minutes for a host we were told there was a 30 minute wait, I am looking around and the restaurant is half empty. Our friends wanted to stay so we waited, 20 minutes later we were sat. After ordering my noticed a hair in her Surf & Turf, we finally realized it was a thistle from a basting brush, so we showed it to the server, she told us it was a piece of lemongrass, we disagreed, she took the dish to the back and a young man comes out with our dish and a plate of ginger minus the thistle, he tells us that it is ginger, I ask him if he has any experience in the kitchen and tells us yes he does, I tell him to go get the thistle that he removed so we could compare and he replies that he threw it away, "why would you throw away a piece of ginger"? He turned around and said thanks and left.Less than great dinner for $120.00.
4	All the food was excellent, especially the sliders. Our waitress was excellent. We have been here many times and are never disappointed.
2	I enjoy Asian fusion, but this was disappointing.  First, we had to wait 25 minutes to be seated. Which would be fine if it was worth that wait...Started with a cocktali which was highly recommended by the waitress. Shanghai Tea or something like that? It was nothing special.We ordered some Edamame to start, and it never came. I guess someone forgot. Very unfortunately considering how hungry we were.I had the orange chicken, which was okay. It was too salty,didn't really taste like orange chicken so much as salt chicken... so I wouldn't get it again. My husband got the Evil Jungle Princess Chicken and he didn't seem blown away by it. I tasted it and it was not that flavorful.Dessert was probably the best part. We got the banana spring roll, and it was pretty tasty. I don't think we will bother going back.
4	We ate here last night and really enjoyed it.  We'll be adding Ling and Louie's to our restaurant rotation.Think of this place as a step up from Pei Wei and you'll be just about right on the money.  We started with the potstickers which were definitely better than what you get at Pei Wei.  My wife had the meat loaf which I tasted - it was excellent.  I had the sizzling chicken and pork which was also quite good.  She had a Mai Thai and I had Kirin Ichiban draft.  Both drinks were great.Fun atmosphere.  Casual.  We sat next to the kitchen and really enjoyed the smells.Cons:  The fried rice wasn't anything special, though it was ok.  The brown rice wasn't *good* brown rice - was dry.  Next time I think we'll be happy with the white rice.If you're sick of the same few places like we are, and you're looking for something a bit nicer than Pei Wei with full wait service, a full bar and better food, this is a great spot.  The prices are a bit more than Pei Wei as well, but not much.I'm looking forward to going back to try some of the other dishes.
5	WOW! Amazing lunch, and AMAZING service from Paul the bartender! He made me feel right at home. He can talk about anything from hot spots in town to motorcycles and always has his bar packed. Had the Uncle Fu's combo fried rice and it was outstanding. They actually use filet for their beef in this dish and its cooked perfectly! Thanks Paul and Ling and Louie's for a spectacular lunch! Also really friendly staff. I was greeted by 3 other staff members and a manager during my visit
4	My boyfriend has taken me here twice and I really loved the food both times. It didn't take long after we ordered for our food to be done. The strawberry limeade is a DELICIOUS drink but I didn't really love the miso soup, wouldn't order it again. The dish I ordered was the beef and broccoli...AMAZING both times. First I ordered it with fried rice which was okay, the second time I ordered it with regular brown rice and this was better. I just felt like I could enjoy the perfect flavor of the beef and broccoli more when the rice "had a little less going on". We will definitely go back to Ling & Louie's for the food (and the limeade) but I really can't say much about the service here. The hostess was friendly both times but the wait staff wasn't great to us either time...not rude but nothing to rave about either. Also it was a little awkward for me to have most of the staff in my direct line of sight standing in the kitchen area either A) eating, B) fooling around with coworkers, or C) standing around doing nothing...both times we were there. The food is awesome though, so we'll be back!
5	We regularly eat here. It is a very "easy"  and casual dining experience. the food is and sevice is consistant.  We love the sizzling salmon and the  chinesechicken salad.The tai mai drink is very potent! very friendly staff.  They are great about altering orders too--special requests.
1	Michelle was the worst server. If you don't like your job and have a bad attitude find a new career.  We ordered drinks. (2 of us)  it took 15 mins.  We ordered 2 appetizers and asked to keep the menu as it was our 1st time there and would like to order more... One app was a crab crunch roll the other was an order of lettuce wraps. Crab crunch had a hair in the side of ginger. Lettuce wraps were alright. We never saw our server, we had to get our own chop sticks and soy sauce.  We waited 25 minutes for the apps. Our drinks were gone by the time the apps came. WE NEVER SAW OUR SERVER!!  She knew we wanted to order more as we explained.  When she finally came back we asked for the check and she was so rude. We explained how we had a hair on our plate, drinks were empty, we wished to order more, and we haven't seen you in 30 min.  She was the worst server we have ever had. Will not be back. I will also tell everyone I know not to go there. We even asked the bartender to get our server. Which he did and she yelled at him. We are shocked at the service. Whoever hired this girl needs to rethink!!!!
2	Typical casual dining fake asian food.Five spieces edamame- super excited about this because it was free with a foursquare check in and I'm a cheap asian, but it was cheap anyway especially during their everlasting happy hourBlack orchid ahi- really mediocre, the soy sauce that came with was grossEvil jungle princess with chicken- completely overrated, basically a huge bowl of generic sauce and oil dump
4	Great atmosphere and nice interior! Very friendly staff and very helpful. Excellent menu perfect for anyone whether you like Asian or not. I highly recommend embracing the fried rice with any meal and try to the Honey entree... One great fact, is that they can make any dish with tofu so it's very accommodating to any dietary needs. Looking forward to going back again soon!
5	Move on over, Pei Wei, PF Changs and Totties Asian Fusion! Ling and Louie's is on my radar!!I think, in my humble opinion, that Asian food is rather difficult to find here with any quality. PF Chang's is okay. Sometimes, Pei Wei is pretty good, sometimes, not. Tottie's Asian Fusion location at Scottsdale and Lincoln Road's is pretty good, but the original has slipped. Ahhhh, just when I was going to give up, I see Ling and Louie's! What a delight this was from the get-go! Friendly personnel, a wonderful menu with Thai, Chinese and Japanese flair and selections. And quality, delicious food. Really delicious...The Black Orchid Ahi sashimi was fresh and fabulous. The entree we decided on was their Surf and Turf, which is filet of beef, sliced with lots of fresh shrimp, mushrooms and onions on a sizzling platter. We ordered a side of fried rice, which wasn't anything to wrote home about, but satisfactory. The Surf and Turf was to-die-for FABULOUS! Definitely try this yummy restaurant! You'll never go back to the other Asian places...
1	Menu is ok, service is subpar. Waitress Amanda was not pleasant and seemed annoyed to serve my party of four. I have gone to this place a few times before but after tonight's experience I will now take my business elsewhere.
5	Always great food, service and ambiance.  My fav dishes are the sizzling salmon or the sizzling chicken.  You have the option of adding on soup or fried rice for about $2 extra.  We have been dining here since they opened.  They recently built an outside seating area, so I am looking forward to sitting out there when it gets cooler.
5	Love to come for HH! Great prices, food & Drinks. The only place I like to do HH!!
5	We just moved into Scottsdale, arrived on Friday and THIS was where we decided to go for dinner on our first night - our Real Estate agent had us try it when we were in town last month looking for houses. Loved it so much that we made it stop #1 when we arrived.Yes, it was that good.Love love LOVED it. Visit #1 we had the Asian Nachos and decided right then that this house must be perfect for us because of it's location to those little bites of heaven.We were a little hungrier when we arrived fr visit #2. Of course, we got the Asian Nachos again, we also ordered Uncle (somebody's) Fried Rice with Filet Mignon.YUMMO - I highly recommend both.The menu is mostly Asian, but it's got a little Mexican spice to it - the Asian Nachos are crispy Wontons smothered in all sorts of goodness. They had some good beer choices, too.Clean, comfortable, and plenty of seating!We will be back!
5	Amazing service, food, happy hour, cocktails and atmosphere.  Can't get enough!
4	Came here for lunch on a Sunday and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was actually happy hour which they have from 11-3 on Sat and Sun. Service was a little slow to greet but other than that he was spot on and made some great recommendations. The Asian Nachos (1/2 price during happy hour) were amazing! Crunchy, cheesy, spicy...just the way nachos should be including this tasty hoisin BBQ sauce and Asian guac. The flatbread and sushi on happy hour are also a steal at 1/2 price. The only complaint is about the Moscow Mule we ordered which was not a purist version of the drink which is okay but there was no description on the menu to lead us to believe it was an Asian fusion Mule. Overall, good food and service, great happy hour specials plus a cozy patio to boot! We will definitely be back for a weekend happy hour sometime in the near future.
3	Came for lunch, had spicy chicken (Like pf changs but not battered) and some basil spicy noodle dish with filet.  Filet was terrific and enjoyed the whole noodle dish.  Chicken dish was too sweet for my taste.  Also, the food was served on top of the rice... lots of sauce...  soaked up all into the rice.  Some like this, I do not.  I like my rice on the side.  Also, chicken didn't look cooked all the way... server took it back right away to get us a new one.  Service was great but food was just okay for me. I would opt to go to George & Sons at FLW and Via Linda if you want Asian food.
2	I can make this overpriced food at home!  I feel confident I can open my own restaurant by going to this place.  The food is actually simple yet slightly tasty.
1	Overpriced Ok food.. a few bad/fake servers (grim reaper  tattoo girl)
5	Love Ling & Louie's! The Tom Kha Gai soup is out of this world!
5	Amazing - chicken wonton nachos , tom kha and firecracker chicken.. Top notchService was great and the food was fast. Must try copper ale - in house microbrew
5	I'm really surprised that this is 3.5 star. The food is amazing the chicken rice soup is the best I've ever had. They use filet in all of there steak dishes and the price is reasonable. I wish it was closer to my house.
5	This place definitely deserves all 5 stars. We came here on a recent trip to Scottsdale and this was recommended to us. We sat down and were promptly met by our waitress. She explained the menu to us and how the menu is set up. They have a great beer selection for Asian fusion and they were more than willing to let us sample a few that we haven't heard of before. Also, if you check in on Yelp, you get free Edamame. The portions are very big and the service was great. Below you will see what we ate.Food:Edamame: done just right with a good amount of saltPotstickers: You can tell they are homemade. I wasn't a huge fan but I like the store bought ones. The other 2 people I was with really enjoyed them.Lings Seafood Hot Pot: Fantastic- the curry and coconut milk go together perfectly. It had a lot of mussels in it and it was really good. Just spicy enough but the coconut helped calm it.Budda's Feast with steak- steak was done perfectly and the portion was huge. I got mine with the brown rice and it complimented it well. The veggies were cooked to perfection and the sauce was awesome. I am so sad I left my leftovers at the place we were staying.Surf and Turf- Again, another excellent dish. The portion was great, steak was cooked just right, lots of veggies and the shrimp was not overcooked at all. We got the fried rice with this one and wow- best fried rice I have ever had. It was fresh and you could certainly tell.I very much recommend going there. I wish there were one closer that I could go to again. The only tip I would give to people going there is: don't order too many apps because the portions are big and you will get full quickly.
4	I dig this place.  I like their menu a lot and think the filet sliders are the bomb!  The only thing that I have had and not liked that much was the pad thai.  Everything else has been very tasty.  I think I have tried the majority of the menu.  I also like the bar even though I have only sat at it once.  The service was good and the bartender poured solid drinks.  I hope this helps.
5	We were given a gift card for this restaurant so we tried it out. The service was great. Our server was super friendly and always checking up on us. We ordered the lettuce wraps for an appetizer which were delicious. The appetizer and meal was out to our table so quick.  Cool environment and great food. I definitely would go back.
5	I love this place. Their service is friendly and everything I've tried on the menu for the last 2.5 years has been great. The calamari appetizer, half price at happy hour, is the best calamari in the country. And my airline pilot husband and I have traveled and eaten out a whole lot in the last 30 years. Our college student son likes the food as well. The Asian fusion cuisine works. You'll love it.
5	My wife and I went to Ling and Louie's for dinner Saturday night, and it was phenomenal ! The honey walnut shrimp, is so good! The service was amazing and it was reasonably priced, We will definitely return.
5	Not often I hit the 5 star button. This place has every box of mine checked. The burger is just crazy good, avocado and Asian influences and just awesome. The salad with the Ahi seared tuna, a must have. I have also tried many items on the Asian menu all really good. What makes me give this all the stars is that the offer inside/outside dining, have great beer selections as well as full bar with some daily kool cocktails plus, food selections from American and Asian and some fused in between, a great bar staff and the prices for the greater Scottsdale area well in line.
5	My wife and I love this place. It is always good food and the price is just right. We love the pad thai. So flavorsome. The meatloaf is great. It has such a great meaty flavor with that sweet vinegary glaze.For lighter fare try the chopped chicken salad. The drinks are very inventive.
4	Been eating here since it opened and we really like it.  The food is consistently good and unique, the service very good and the price reasonable.  They have added an open bar and patio that we can't wait to try when it gets warmer.  (yes, I know it's warm if you're from Chicago.  I'm not)  We had some of the old punch cards and they not only honored them, they gave us two free lunches!  Unexpected and appreciated.  Very unique place, great to take visitors or someplace new to go.
5	Been back lotssssss of times since my last review. Still love the Asian Nachos best.Uncle Foo's Fried Rice with the Filet is also one of my faves. Staff is  always nice. Place is always clean.If I could move in, I probably would.Gonna guess that would be frowned upon though.
3	Came here with some friends for happy hour. They really have a great assortment of items on the happy hour menu. I opted to get the california roll and the lettuce wraps. I've had much better california rolls and wouldn't really recommend it. The lettuce wraps were really good, though, and i had enough to take home leftovers. I had the pinot grigio wine and it was quite nice and sweet. My friends also had sushi (vegetable roll and crab crunch roll) and potstickers. They both enjoyed their items.the best part of it all were the prices. all 3 of us ate and drank for under $40 total. MY NY self was in shock at how cheap the bill was. I would definitely come back and try other things
3	I've been here twice before over the last few years and raved about the Mongolian Beef. It's been a while, but I had out-of-town guests and around 4pm on a Friday, hoping to beat the dinner crowd, brought them for an early dinner.  First, there is a new amazing front door.  A little heavy, but on the cutting edge of style.  It's almost like one large rustic wood slice of a revolving door.  Also, there is a new patio area with the bar a sort of indoor/outdoor which in Arizona weather is very crowded and fun. It was happy hour on a Friday and the place was beginning to hop. At first seated in a booth by the door we had to move because the glare of the bright sky from the bar was too much.  Reading the menus it was apparent the prices had gone up.  Well, OK, that was to be expected.  Appetizers were 1/2 off, though.  Cool. I had to mention to the waitress that my menu needed to be wiped off as it was sticky with obvious signs of dishes being laid on top of it on both sides. When the appetizer was brought out with the little individual plates, one of the plates had to be sent back because it arrived with a clump of food the dishwasher could not wash off. The food was delicious and since there were only a few tables filled when we first ordered, wait time was very short.  We ordered potstickers and they were great. Then we had mongolian beef and orange peel, which is crispy chicken or shrimp in a citrus-soy sauce.  All the food was outstanding.  We saved room for desert and shared both of the ones they offer.   They were fine, the ice cream being the best part of both.  About halfway through our meal the place started to rapidly fill up and the din was overwhelming.  We could not have a conversation.  I hadn't ever experienced this here before, but had dined on different days at other times.  The waitress and food runners and bus staff did an excellent job.  Fast, polite, efficient, smiling and gone.  When I got the bill I noted to the waitress that the prices advertised on the tabletop desert menu were old prices, noting that each had gone up a dollar, but insisted she let it go. I don't see how anyone could concentrate in that crowd with that noise.  The table next to us was within arm's reach.  There were no specific aisles left to make our way out, so we managed to get stuck in the no exit patio area.  We finally shimmied out behind the bar stools and people waiting to be seated had to shuffle over to make room for us to exit and not to get hit by the huge door which part of would swing inside.  One of the ladies was an extra "fluffy" lady, and the other elderly who walked unsteadily with a cane.  It was so immediately peaceful outside, that we remarked about the silence.  In my opinion, at least on Friday nights, this is a happening place to see and be seen and meet up and hook up.  I will try one more time on another day to see if the serene peacefulness of my earlier dining experiences has been retained.  Food=A+  Staff=A+  Decor A+  Friday evening Ambiance for age 40+ people=D  Attention to detail=C
4	Great Asian fusion restaurant, excellent and extensive cocktail menu as well, the frozen Mai Tai was delicious, had a hint of brown sugar or molasses, Mojitos were delicious as well.  The New Wave Pad Thai was delicious, full of shrimp, chicken, fresh veggies, tender rice noodles and the sauce was unique and very savory.  The Orange peel chicken, was crispy, tangy sweet and citrusy from the orange peel, moist chicken served with fried crunch spinach and brown rice.  The Evil Jungle Princess Chicken was a balance of hot, spicy, creamy coconut and curry a delicious savory dish. We also got the Uncle Foo's fried rice, a delicious umami blast with a unique soy sauce/oyster sauce flavor, and some sort of Malaysian spice, soooo good.  Huge portions, better share everything. Great service by a very knowledgeable wait staff.
5	Fantastic service throughout.  Paul, (Working the Bar HARD) was fantastic.  Best customer service I have experienced in a long time.  Top grade Chinese food and the manager even touched our table to confirm.  Not too close to my office circuit, but will TRY to make this a regular stop based on this experience.  Great Job....
4	We've eaten here/ordered take out about once per month since January and I really am a fan!I tried the Kung Pow! Filet Mignon on the first trip and I haven't been able to order anything else yet.  They give you a good size serving and the filet slices are tender and delicate in contrast to crispy veggies and peanuts, the sauce is pretty spicy too which I love.  Husband enjoyed the Pad Thai on the first trip but has been hooked on the evil jungle princess with chicken since our second trip.  Service has always been great during our dine in trips and the frozen mai tai is so good it's dangerous.I do plan on trying other menu items at some point soon (writing this as I wait for my husband to come home with our kung pow and evil jungle princess take out)......
5	Super cool vibe! Love sitting outside in the booth and watching the TV! Really great place for a date night! Also, they have really great specialty drinks and great service. The food is amazing as well. I recommend the General Ling's chicken!
4	Meatloaf is to die for.  It's an interesting concept and a fusion of food.  Worth a try and pretty delish.
2	Went to Ling & Louie's with a friend for dinner tonight to discuss upcoming photoshoots and design work. We walked in and were greeted by the bartender, and then we waited to be seated for what seemed like forever. Finally the bartender ended up seating us and was very friendly, however, once again we waited, and waited, for a server to greet us.I have been in the service industry for well over 10yrs and this kind of treatment of customers is just completely inexcusable. I was glad I was in good company because otherwise I may have walked out.Once we were greeted by a server, she didn't seem very personable or attentive to out needs or making sure that we were satisfied. She didn't really even seem to care that we were there or not.We ordered appetizers and dinner. I was very pleased with the calamari that came with semi spicy sauce.I ordered the ahi tacos which were also amazing! I was so stuffed that I didn't get a chance to try any dessert.If It wasn't for the awesome food I would have only given one star. Not sure I would return unless it were just to hang out at the bar and only to be served by the sweet bartender.
2	My biggest beef with this place is portion size. Their lunch portions are tiny and their dinner portions are only slightly better. It's a good standby if nothing else sounds good. The bartenders always seem rushed and out of breath - even when there is nobody in the restaurant. Kinda strange...
4	Yummers! Not a five star review just because something so juicy should never be put on an almost flat plate. Not true to the picture I got more rice than soup, but if you are in the mood for something exquisite and you like seafood... This is it!
4	Calamari is very good. Did not like pot stickers at all and normally this is one of our favorite dishes. Chicken rice soup is absolutely delish!  Great Happy Hour menu too!
4	We met another couple here for dinner last week and had a great time.  We've been here before and were again, pleased.  The happy hours are great, the food and service are very good.  The indoor/outdoor bar & patio seating area is roomy and nice.  The times we've been here, the bartender, (sorry, I forgot his name........a tall man) is always so friendly.  Check it out, you won't be disappointed!
4	I live nearby here so it is great that they offer take out! I have tried multiple menu items and highly recommend the Korean salmon and the surf and turf. I also really like the crab crunch sushi roll it is delicious as well. The bartenders are also all super friendly and provide great service
5	Five spice edamame!! Love this place and love the spicy choies!
1	Shit service! Shit....It's too bad there is a lot if competition in the area, and the menu looked great..
4	I did happy hour here last night and it was not bad. We got the calamari which was very difrent. It had a spicy sauce on it that was pretty good. We also got the lettuce cups which I normally love but did not like this one. And I got a small chicken and rice soup which was good but not Hot. Service was excellent though. Would like to go back and try other items.
5	Ling and Louie's is the best place Eva I don't care wat people say. Food, service and drink are unforgettable their life changing.
5	Can't beat the happy hour specials. I've tried most of them and they are all fabulous.
5	The wine and food pairings that are hosted at Ling & Louie's are the best I have ever been to.  The staff is knowledgeable especially the top managed John.  I have never liked sweet wines and reds that are too heavy but they got it so right. John even accommodated a vegetarian at our table without advance notice, I am impressed.
5	Excellent atmosphere, great food and friendly service. I recommend the happy hour menu for excellent prices, especially on  sushi.
5	I eat here all the time. First check and first review. This is a great place for lunch and dinner. The menu is a funny mix of Asian and American dishes that all hit home runs. My in-laws have to eat here every time they are in town. Big fan of the fire cracker chicken and the meatloaf. Also, they have amazing potstickers. Happy hour has great prices and drinks are very reasonable. I am a big fan of patios, and theirs is perfect. I highly recommend a try.
4	Good food and great service. Chicken soup was especially tasty.  Pad Thai was a generous portion, lettuce wraps weren't the best but certainly passable. Will visit again.
4	I love their sushi as well as their pad thai. Of course it isn't a super fancy restaurant, but the food is pretty good for the price. The service is friendly and relatively quick, and the prices aren't bad, especially happy hour.
2	Service was excellent. Food wasn't. Except the chicken letters wrap that was fineAnt the banana desert taste unique
5	This is one of my favorite places to go for many reasons. The food is very unique large portions, many locals sitting at the bar, because bartenders are totally on top of there customers service. Not to mention the patio so cool
