4	Driving down Apache towards Mesa where it turns into Main Street is like driving in some other country.  Due to the light rail construction, The streets are uncomfortably narrow, there are confusing signs, people drive in weird and unfathomable ways and you can never be quite sure of how you're going to get to your destination.However, tucked away on this *ahem* quiet street, between Dobson and Alma School. Is a little pocket of goodness.  In the shadow of Filiberto's, lies a vast expanse of dark tinted glass and a sign announcing that you have reached Main Street Billiards.  The outside is appropriately dodgy enough to appeal to the seediest of characters (like myself), but the inside is well lit, clean, and of course, smoke free.It may not be the sort of joint you'd expect to see "Fast Eddie" from The Hustler sharking in.  It's not some ritzy genteel Billiards clubhouse either.  It's basic, and clean with full size tables by the hour, reasonably straight cues and quality balls.  It's the sort of place you wouldn't feel out of place bringing your own cue to, but not the sort of place where you'd feel out of place just showing up to with a couple of friends and making fools of yourselves. Which, is one of my specialties.  The place doesn't seem to get too crowded and it looks like a great place to come  to alone and spend a few hours doing practice drills.
4	MSB offers free pool all day on Sundays for college kids with ID. What a freaking deal!!! I can practice pool all day long in the air conditioned comfort of MSB. They have a ton of tables and the place was nearly dead empty when I went on Sunday. They rent out pool cues for a buck because people like to break them on the tables in frustration. So it's kind of a liability thing but I don't mind, I just paid NOTHING to shoot pool for as long as I want!They have a ton of beers available as well, including my all time favorite, Newcastle, which was perfectly chilled and extremely refreshing and smooth. The guy up front was hella badass and made sure we always had a fresh Newcastle. I highly recommend this place.
5	My husband set up a group event at Main Street Billiards as a social mixer for an organization he is involved in. Since we booked for a Tuesday night, a non-league night for them, management gave us a great deal on an entire section of the hall with table rental, balls, & cues all included in the price. This is hands-down the nicest, cleanest pool hall I've ever been in. All of the equipment was in great shape and the entire facility seemed very well-maintained. There was a juke box with a good selection of tunes, and the music wasn't too loud so you could easily converse with your party.When we arrived we were greeted by the friendly management who showed us to our area and gave us everything we needed for our group. The entire staff was very accommodating and timely on our food & drink orders.Food was standard snack bar fare, but was very good. Pizza, wings, chicken strips, nachos, soft pretzels... The wings were meaty with a moderate amount of spice. Better than I had anticipated.There was a full bar with a good selection of beer & other malt beverages bottled & on tap, and mixed drinks. Prices weren't bad in my opinion. If you enjoy activities like bowling, I would definitely recommend Main Street Billiards as a great place to hang out & do something different with your friends or family (Yes, it is a family-friendly establishment).
5	I have lived in the valley since 1999 and I have been to almost all of the pool halls in the valley that are worth visiting.  I love this place, the staff are amazing, the tables (all 42 of them) are in great shape.  Main Street Billiards has been a mainstay of the Mesa, greater Phoenix pool scene since its grand opening in 1992. With 42 tables, it is the largest pool hall in the East Valley.Main Street currently hosts a total of 3 weekly tournaments (Check out our Tournament Schedule!) that appeal to different skill levels, as well as several competitive pool leagues. In addition to weekly tournaments, Main Street has hosted many exhibitions and playoffs for well-known professionals. Main Street's central location in Mesa (within easy freeway access of the U.S. 60 - Superstition Freeway, 101 - Price Freeway, and 202 - Red Mountain Freeway), makes it an easy commute Valley-wide.The main room has fourteen barbox and sixteen 9 foot tables to accomodate league players and the general public.The tournament area is designed to give players enough room and seating so that they can concentrate on their game.Main Street offers the "Player's Corner" for those who want to take their game to the next level. Three 9 Gold Crown tables are offered in a semi-enclosed area featuring triple shimmed pockets and Simonis 860 cloth. If you're up for a ring game or some competitive play, this is the place to be!Main Street Billiards has been a road stop for several world class players, and held several exhibition matches.  For almost two decades we have been the action spot in the east valley.
5	Haven't been there in years, staff is the same, very friendly fun atmosphere. Was nice to be back, got some foor as well, was good and hot.
3	First off, this place is open til 2am. They do have very good prices on pool   and specials. Also, I would not really consider this place to have a "Full Bar." They can make cheap basic drinks like well rum and coke, screwdrivers, etc. Was pretty sad about that because these days I like to drink whiskey on the rocks. They had some kind of house whiskey mixed with orange wine as I remember them telling me.I went on a Wednesday because lady's get to play for free and everything  on tap or domestic was two dollars, muy bien. This place is 18 and up.
4	Love this pool hall!  I've played in a league for several years and have had a chance to check out most other pool halls in the Valley.  Main Street is by far the best...clean, nice tables, and the staff is awesome (especially Jesse, Wayne, Jason, and Jen).  The only improvements I could suggest would be to expand their menu, but it definitely covers the basics (chicken strips, pizza rolls, fries, etc).  The new tv's are a great addition.
5	I've been coming to this pool hall for over 10 years and it hasn't changed! Great prices, specials and relaxed environment. They have plenty of quarter tables in addition to the hourly tables and a few video games scattered throughout. They do have a small snack menu also...nothing fancy but I order something almost every time I go. I'll keep coming here as long as they stay open!
1	This place is the worst.  Playing pool and drinking beer and the waitress told us if we wanted a glass of water we could pay for a bottle of water or use the drinking fountain.  WTF.  This place should be avoided at all costs.
