5	Le Gargote in my opinion is one of the best French Restaurants in the greater Montreal area.Also one of the most popular and scenic locations, in the heart of old Montreal, you can sit bu the open fireplace sip red wine and eat very traditional French and Quebec fare. The exposed old stone walls and horse drawn carriages going by make you feel as though you are in Europe.Now the food: Venison, veal, foux grais, duck confit, all with seasonal sides and wine parings.I just melt or either can also get intimidated at the menu. Reasonably priced, abt. $25-45 PP.
5	Great experience at this lovely, atmospheric place. The service and personnel were second only to the satisfying meal. As a first course, we had a brilliant and subtle duck foi gras with a fruit compote. The complimentary flavors and textures made for a superb experience. The main course, braised lamb chops in a tasty sauce, with whipped potatoes and fresh vegetables, was exactly what we needed. Overall a more than delicious and gratifying evening.
5	I came here to celebrate my bonus one night while I was on the road alone. I ate outside to enjoy the gorgeous weather in late May in Montreal. It was a good choice, because not only is there fantastic Montreal eye-candy someone was glad in full vintage middle-ages executioner gear including the bag over the head. It was a sight to behold.I tried the buffalo tartar as a means of expanding my palate. It was a little more of an acquired taste for me, but it was still good; the potatoes and veggies it came with were excellent. I went with the recommended merlot(?) and was pleased. I had something chocolate for dessert as well as tea, which was included in my meal. I ate here the night after I ate at Forquet Fourchette, and I like this place better. Next time I will stick with more traditional fare (fliet mignon, duck confit.)
4	Great food, service and location. Definitely worth a second visit.
4	This was a really good restaurant that I very much enjoyed and would certainly say to go to if you're in the neighborhood. I don't know that it's a 5 star establishment, especially given that I just gave a French fry joint a 5 star rating. But then, we spent $4 on fries and, well, a lot more here. Having said that, it was nice sitting outside, the wine was good, service was good, and the food was good. Price was in-line with what you would expect. Certainly worth the visit. They gave us bread, as much as we wanted, which is always good unless the bread is terrible. The bread wasn't terrible so that's a good thing. We also got a soup, a gazpacho I believe. It was good, especially with the free bread. I like bread. The appetizer was the stuffed portobello with goat cheese. It was really good, regardless of the amount of bread they may or may not have given us. Of course as soon as it was gone I wanted more, but then we had the main dish that was coming next so it was ok. I'm trying to think of what the main dish was, and I'm completely and totally drawing a blank. So I'm going to pause while I think about this....Nope, not coming back to me. It was almost a month ago now and it has long since slipped both of our minds. We both feel like it was some kind of beef, and it had a salad on the side. I guess this testimonial would be enough to suggest that the meal was entirely not memorable. And I can't exactly argue that body of evidence before you. But I assure you it was good, and if I lived across the street I would go there right now to prove a point. What point, I'm not sure. Anyway, from top to bottom the experience was solidly good and I would recommend it. So ok, maybe the main dish didn't blow me away and make me remember the meal 3 weeks later. But life is hectic and 1 meal among a busy 6 day trip to Montreal is sometimes hard to remember so many days later. But this was our 1 splurge of the trip and it was worth it. I suggest you take your chance and give it a shot. And if you want to review it I would do so the next day, or at least write down what you ate so you can remember when you sit down to put those tastes to words a few weeks later. Oh, the wine recommendation. It was good. We got a Merlot from France and it was a tasty selection. It went well with the meal and we both enjoyed it. See? We do remember most of the meal. Just not the meat. Bread, soup, wine, salad, appetizer, service, ambiance...all good & memorable. But the meat...the meat escapes me. So I guess maybe next time we'll get the fish.
4	An unexpected "find" near Gibbys. I couldn't get into anywhere nearby so I went to this place. It's a pleasant cozy unpretentious and reasonable restaurant just off the busy tourist area. It's not grand but very romantic and food was tasty. The avocado salad was just right, which is not easy to do. Wine suggestion was excellent. Nice alternative to the busier touristy places one block away.
1	Terrible service and food.I ordered veal meatballs and pasta. The veal was cold on the inside and I was never offered parmesan or fresh pepper. Service is slow and of the 3 waitreses that served our little section, none of them came to ask if everything was ok.They took away our dishes and didn't offer us a dessert menu. We had time so we waited to see if they'll acknowledge us. 15 min later...one of them came by. Would not recommend.
5	We stumbled upon this place as we were walking aimlessly around Montreal on a rainy evening in search of the "perfect spot." All of the restaurants we passed were missing something. We spotted this place from across the street. The dim lighting from inside, the blue and white stripped awning and the rain falling made for the "perfect spot." We chose to sit at one of the four outside tables, yes, in the rain! The awning blocked most of it, except when the wind blew. We stubbornly remained outside our entire meal and it was worth it. From the bottle of wine to the tasty food to the wonderful staff, we found just what we were looking for. This is a place we would visit again next time we are in Montreal.
5	Very good food and a nice atmosphere.  Its in a quiter part of old montreal where we saw lots of locals enjoying dinner too.  Much better then the tourist trapa restaurants in the heart of Old Montreal.
4	A group of us ladies vacationing in Montreal a couple of weeks ago ended up having dinner at La Gargote restaurant based on our tour guide's recommendation. La Gargote is a quaint little restaurant, great ambiance.  I ordered the homemade cannoli with rabbit and lamb.  It isn't an option I'd normally see on a menu here in the states (based on the restaurants I usually frequent) but since this was vacation, I wanted to try something different.  It was very good. I forget the type of sauce that was included, but the meat was shredded and extremely tender and the sauce complimented the meat perfectly. Our server was great!  He had a great sense of humor, was very attentive and patient with all of us ladies.  I believe he is the owner or son of the owner..  Either way, he made the dining experience even more enjoyable.
