5	Simply the best Arizona Blinds company you will ever come across!  We recently moved into a new house that had 26 windows that needed blinds.  I thought I was going to go broke just buying window coverings!!!  I was going to just go to Home Depot and buy the blinds etc., but had a friend suggest the fellas at Window Pro because he was telling me their blinds were better price & quality than anything I could get at Home Depot.  They did not let me down.  Just a side note; I had 26 windows to cover so there was no way I was going to afford shutters, but they also offer shutters for those interested.  They have scheduled to come back and measure for sunshades because they do those as well.The bottom line for me was pricing, but what I got out of it (besides better price) was better quality AND they measured and installed everything.  I didn't even have to lift a finger!  All I had to do was write a check, which again, was a TON cheaper then me having to do it myself at Home Depot.I can fully recommend these guys to any of my Yelp friends, or anyone who may find this review.  They were quick, courteous, and took care of everything, you should give them a shot if you are in the market for blinds here in Arizona!
5	I love my blinds. There are so many great things about having custom blinds. First of all there are no extra slats piled up at the bottom of the window sill so they look way better than the do it yourself kind of blinds you get at the huge hardware stores. These blinds are way easier to clean too. They are easier to open and shut because all you do is pull a little string instead of having to twist the plastic wand forever. I think my favorite thing about them though was that i didn't have to install them myself. An installation crew just showed up and a little while later, wa-la, I had blinds. I would definitely recommend Window Pro!
5	Blake was great. Shutters turned out perfect and they look fantastic. Takes about 5- 6 weeks which Blake explains but well worth the wait. We had shutters done throughout the home about 2800 sf and his price beat everyone for the same product. Definitely recommend Window Pro.
5	I bought a new home about a year ago.  I hired Window Pro because of the great reviews, plus I had a friend use him in the past who liked him also.  A year later and I am still thrilled.  I needed a tune up last week, and Blake was prompt and came out the following day.  Most of these types of companies I have worked with are not very responsive when tune ups or follow ups are concerned because they have already been paid.  He even offered me a free window cleaning when I first got the shutters, and I had forgotten- He still honored it!  If you need window coverings and don't want to be hassled or cheated... USE THESE GUYS!
5	My husband and I needed some help with what I thought was a simple repair to our 10 year old shutters. I called Blake. He was prompt, efficient and knowledgeable. And the price was definitely right! All of the professionalism and personal service, that is hard to find with any company these days, I found by calling Window Pro. The problem with our shutters was not as simple to repair as I thought, but Blake problem solved through it an came up with an excellent solution. I would not hesitate to use them for any new or existing window treatments that you have/need.
1	Window Pro has, quite possibly, the worst customer service I have ever encountered.  The high reviews were the reason I called them.  The initial call was friendly; however, it felt as if, Blake, the owner, did not have time for me.  He asked me to measure all my windows and email the measurements to him.  He never offered to make an appointment, even though I had informed him I wanted to replace all the window coverings in my house.  I certainly wanted to see samples and get expert advice.After waiting five days since I had emailed the measurements, and not hearing from Blake, I contacted him.  He informed me that he had received the measurements, but had been out of town for a weekend.  Unfortunately, this is not a sufficient answer; how hard is it to send a quick note via email or text acknowledging he received my information and would get back to me at a later date?  I have waited another week for an estimate or a call.  To this day I still have not received either.Sadly, when a company starts out this poorly, it usually ends even worse.  I have hired another company BlindzMart (Denny) who, not only returns calls. but comes to the customer's house with a car full of samples.  Window Pro lost out on a $3000 job.
5	Blake and his crew at Window Pro came through for us 100%.  They quickly and professionally handled my sunscreen needs on our house from initial questions to perfect installation.  Their service and product quality meet the highest standards.  I will definitely be using Window Pro for my next job and have already recommended them to someone else.
5	The Arizona heat is brutal on the west facing wall of my house.  I called a reliable company to install sunscreens on my windows.   It was Window Pro that gave me the best service and installation quote around.  I have plans to contract them to do my second home.  If your looking for a knowledgeable, reliable, and affordable company, call them up.  Blake and Charlie were very accommodating.
5	I feel like 5 stars is not sufficient to describe just how incredible WindowPro is. I'm a long time, and loyal customer of WindowPro. I've lived in 4 houses in the last 10 years and every time I get into a new house one of the first things I do is set an appointment with WindowPro to get their expert advise on how to dress up the windows in my home.   The team at WindowPro is extremely friendly, professional, and knowledgable.  I always get great compliments on shutters and sunscreens.
