4	Just like every other chain pet store, however this particular store's customer service was great.  Not only did the lady spend time comparing kitten foods with me, but she gave me a ton of tips (since I am new to cats!)  When the food I wanted was out of stock, they had 4 people working on checking the back and calling nearby stores to find the food for me!
4	Usually, I'm skeptical of big box chains, especially pet stores.  I guess I've seen too many news stories about puppy mills and the horrible treatment of animals in pet stores.  I came to Petco for one of their adoption events and discovered a friendly place with a wide range of knowledge.  For starters, Petco doesn't sell dogs.  They prefer to partner with local charitable organisations.  I like that Petco links up with area shelters to find great dogs (and cats) homes.  My little pup was a rescue dog and has been one of the best dogs ever.  Enough of that.  This isn't a review of the Cutest Dog in the Free World.  If it were, the stars would be infinity googleplex.  Yes, that's an approximate rating.  After I'd decided to adopt my pup, I took her inside to get her the necessities.  The associates provided excellent assistance, from helping me select the right toys (educational vs. destructive), food (natural and with no additives), bedding (comfy and small enough for a little dog), and even presented us with coupons and treats.  It's obvious that the people who work there love animals, as everyone came up to provide pets and advice.  One would think that should be a prerequisite, but I have visited places where the staff seemed to hate animals.  Petco in Scottsdale was not of this ilk.  They even selected coupons that would reduce our final total, which is a nice touch.  Each time we've returned, we've gotten the same exceptional service.  The pup always gets petted and is excited to enter with me, and I am offered a great experience.Well done, my new animal friends!  We (that is the Royal We of Stella Blue and me) will definitely be back.
5	I just took my little pup to this location for a groom, and while it was costly, the results were worth it!  She looks like a completely different, but equally cute dog!  YAY!
4	It's Petco and I'm a huge fan of the company - great toys, a large selection of food and treats - nothing bad to say.
4	Super kudos to the manager working tonight, Holly.  I had three separate issues/gripes which she addressed very professionally.  As I was shopping, she came up and gave me a $3 coupon for my inconvenience.   Notice to corporate-- this is the kind of customer service you should strive for in all your stores.This store has definitely stepped up its look and its staff.  The trainers here have also been super nice/helpful
4	Really nicely maintained location - doesn't smell like a "pet store" like so many others and their outreach/adoption programs are great.
1	They wouldn't honor pet co's online sale prices.  That's the first time I've heard about this.
5	Ask for Shelia! Great manager! Knows her stuff!
4	This store is great. It's super clean and recently remodeled. The staff are friendly, especially one of the managers, Kurt, I think his name is. He always helps me out to the car with my tons of dog food and clearly loves what he does. However, I did witness an incident a few months ago that concerned me. One of the other managers (I think she is the General Manager-short hair and talks a lot), totally went off on a customer trying to return something. She literally told them they were crazy for trying to return their item and its people like them that makes her hate her job. Um....Really? I was shocked! This was on a Saturday in front of customer, nonetheless. I have since avoided her when I go in there because she honestly frightens me. Overall, however, the store is close, convenient, and reasonably priced. I have been a customer for a while now and will continue to shop there.
3	This is specifically for the grooming. The staff is kind, service pleasant.  I have taken my mini schnauzer here a couple times. It is very easy to get an appointment, reason being that the grooming is just okay. I give specific instructions, pretty basic ones, and they are pretty much completely disregarded. It is the Walmart of grooming, but with Neiman's pricing. Way overpriced for what you get, nickel and dime you for everything, which I wouldn't mind if the grooming was even average, but it's not. I wouldn't recommend having your dog groomed here unless you are in a bind.UPDATE: Gave one more star. Went in and told manager that I was unhappy with my dogs' groom and she refunded me in full without issue. I appreciate the willingness to make things as right as they could without any grief.
3	Petco has a good selection of food and toys, but for cats & dogs the prices are much cheaper for similar items at Target. Start there then go to Petco.The employees are friendly and the store is clean.  Good place to find Star Wars pet toys.
