5	Excellent new restaurant.   We had the spinach pies as an appetizer - really delicious.We split the koshary and still had plenty to bring home.  The koshary is made with lentils, elbow macaroni, rice, garbanzo beans with caramelized onions.  First time I had this yummy dish.  The service was outstanding.  Restaurant is beautifully decorated.
5	Have been there twice.  Family run, we were treated like personal guests.  Food is cooked by owners.  Waiter said 'My Mom made the dessert'...how could we resist?
2	Restaurant is beautifully decorated and has great potential.  However, the food needs work.  The hummus was some of the worst I've had...very bland and pasty.  The falafel sandwich was ok, but also lacking in flavor.  The chicken shawarma was drenched in nutmeg, making it the only flavor that you could taste.  The eggplant appetizer was the only bright point in the meal.  Although heavily drenched in oil, the flavor was good.  The service was good and pleasant.  I was so hoping for a delicious middle eastern restaurant close to home.  The search continues...
4	This is a pretty new place and it's the second time I have eaten there.  The food is good, and it's a nice family run restaurant atmosphere, which seems appropriate for this type of food.  I had the chicken Shwarma in PIta bread, and it was generous in size, had a good sauce and the price was only 5.99 which is pretty moderate.  The waiter was a son, and he recommended the desert his mom makes (can't remember the name) but it was also very good.   Plan to return again.
5	We didn't expect to come here to eat tonight, but our planned outing to RigaTony's went bust due to a 30+ minute wait for a table.  Still in the Italian mood, we were headed for VinciTorio's when we saw Fusion.  Mediterranean food?  Sure!The meal opened with excellent service and about the freshest falafel I've ever had.  There's a comforting feeling about the place--it's family-run.  The owner's young daughter walks around the floor of the restaurant (no bother at all) and came up to our table and smiled at us while the waiter took our order.The beef kabobs were. . .sublime.  Tasty cubes of meat on ghee-coated basmati rice.  In some places beef juices soaked a bit into the rice making it even more incredible. Even better, the salad was ROMAINE lettuce, not iceberg.  Quality.   My wife had the beef gyro with a rice noodle and lentil dish that was the Mediterranean version of mac & cheese.  My daughter had a falafel gyro.Dessert?  Yes.  I have never had a baklava with a taste this complex before.  Huge pieces of pistachio nuts blended their flavor with dough, honey, and spices to make a pastry that was not too sweet, but just perfect in taste and texture.My wife and I agree that this is the best Mediterranean food place we have been to in the Valley--by far.  The owner also tells us that he is going to be introducing more seafood and Caribbean cuisine to his menu soon.  Talk about fusion.   I'm game.  We are going to be visiting this place again in the near future!
5	Best falafel sandwich I've ever had. More people should go here. It's the third option of the complex, including Vincitorio's and Yupha's. I only did pick up so I can't say anything for the service, but the greeter was nice. Will definitely be going back soon.
3	Was wanting something different without going to far and found the reviews for this place.  Yummy lunch.  Of course we got a variety of items too. The Appetizer Trio gives you an option of Hummus or Baba Ganush along with four falafels and four dolmas.  We opted for the Hummus.  The Hummus was extra creamy, falafels delicious and maybe a tad spicy, and the dolmas were filled with rice which had almost a cheese like texture.  We also shared the Sambosa with chicken filling.  That reminded me of the Mediterranean version of a pot sticker.  For our entire we both went with the sandwich-- Chicken Shawerma for me and Beef Kafta Kabob for my dining companion.  We both felt the sandwich was good.  And since they offered dessert and had two items we've neither heard of we opted to give it a whirl.  I had Basbousa and my guest had the Kunafa.  Personally, as far as desserts go anyway, I got the best one.  I tasted the Kunafa AFTER I had already tasted the Basbousa and I felt it was on the bland side.  If you can compare the two you may understand.  The Basbousa was like a sheet cake in size but that was the only similarity to your more traditional cake.  Made with farina it's texture almost resembled cornbread. Nothing over spicy or too hot.Hours:11 - 8 M thru Th11 - 9 F & S
3	I visited Fusion a few weeks ago, so maybe my experience was due to the usual new-restaurant hiccups, but I can't really recommend it. The server was very nice but she was hostess, server, and apparently doing things in the kitchen. Some people walked in and left because they waited at the door forever without being seated. Many things we ordered were forgotten or brought very late.I'm so torn because I had a plate of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde--the falafel was fresh and delicious and basically what I'd been looking for in a falafel since moving to Arizona. The hummus was also very good. The french fries were also excellent! The pita bread, however, kinda ruined it. Something about the flavor of it was kinda off, but I can't quite figure out what it was. Usually I go to a Mediterranean place and think, "man! This pita bread is good. Man! This falafel tastes like it came out of a bag and wasn't even warmed up." And this was the opposite of that.Considering that the pita innards were delicious, and service can always improve, I think this place has a lot of potential. If I go again and things have changed I'll update my review.
