3	I'm dating myself...I MISS the days of my youth when you almost had to beat the clerks to leave you in peace to browse the racks.  Now, when I want help, it can never be found.  Esp. in Kohl's which always looks like its in a state of unpacking this week's deliveries.Clothes are okay.  Don't seem too durable in the long run.   But I love their earring selection.  To me this is the place to go for earrings.  And shoes.  I do have okay luck finding shoes.
4	The boyfriend and I adopted a family of 5 through the City of Phoenix Adopt-A-Family program, and I immediately thought of Kohl's for the more bang for our buck experience.  The store is always clean, well organized, and easy to navigate.  Plus, everyone knows they are always having a sale!  We were able to purchase clothing, shoes (Nike, Addidas, Reebok), and a couple games for the family of 5 for $411.  Then, after applying for a credit card that didn't have to be our payment of choice for our purchases that day, we saved 20%....bringing us toooooo.....$330!!  PLUS, on TOP of that, we received $60 in Kohl's Cash - holla!!!!!  Overall, a great discount for those that are looking to save some money.
2	The service at this location is pitiful. Not one person smiled or even acknowledged my existence. I needed to make a return and made it through the entire store with no interaction. Once I made it to the customer service counter the woman was incredibly rude and said maybe two words to me the entire time. The only reason for the 2nd star is for how easy it is to return items at Kohls. Skip this location!
4	Nothing special about this Kohls, just like every other Kohls that I have ever been to. Sure it is a little messy but I don't have high expectations. Great for a last minute clothing need, quality is fine for what you pay for the items. Usually can find a pretty good deal on something. Nice selection of snazzy headbands in the Jr. department.
5	love the deals when they have 20% & 30% off codes!
4	Good dept store. Great selections of products. Weekly sales to make it interesting.
5	Make sure you signup for their email list, you'll get 20-30% off coupons each week, then it makes going here a great deal for name brand clothing.
2	I hate stores that attempt to "keep you coming back," and such is Kohl's.  Every day there's a sale - potentially better than the sale the day before - not to mention "Kohl's Cash,"  and coupons which can be found on their website or in the local paper.  Yeesh!  No piece of mind feeling you got a good deal - and quite honestly, I'm not sure a "deal" can be had, as price tags far exceed value...the reason for continual sales.  Okay enough bashing, you get the picture.  So what's good?  The offering of women's slippers at Christmas time.  Fun, funky and you guessed it.  On sale!
2	I agree with dam near every review for this place. Employees look miserable, and by selling over priced items made by b list celebs like "marc anthony", they give the illusion of a great sale. There dress shoes are priced around 90, worth about 40, and hit "sale" for 59.99. Its very hit and miss when it comes to sizes, esp. At this location. It seems like theyre answer for everything is online delivery, instead of directing me to a store that has my size by doing a simple stock check. Then again how much can one really expect from a department store as old as jc pennys. There only saving grace is the coupon stacking that someone mentioned earlier. Most places restrict a single coupon per purchase, but ive stacked and left paying 25 bucks for a pretty decent pait of work boots. If you dont have coupons, id go somewhere else.
3	I have a love hate relationship with Kohl's.Love:Good sales with extra discounts on topKohl's cash with every $50 spent you get $10 back (Only limited times)Cute accessories at decent prices including, earrings, sunglasses, purses etc...Good prices on home goods including bedding and kitchen accessoriesHate:Unorganized shopping racks with clothes strewn about the racksThe quality of clothing has gone down a lot in the last few yearsThe service is hit or miss, mostly miss and you can never find an associate while browsing if you have a questionThey constantly push the Kohl's credit card at the register even after you say noThis location is pretty much like all of the other Kohl's I have been in. These stores are very cookie cutter and mostly the same. The management must have a corporate guide they go by because mostly every Kohl's store is plagued with these same problems. I still enjoy shopping here from time to time but I have to be in a get ready to look through racks of junk until you find a gem kind of mood, if you know what I mean.
3	Nice enough store. But there was no sales people to be found when I needed help looking for a specific item in house wares. Prices were decent.
4	I like Kohl's.  They have very good sales, and when you go with a coupon you can save a lot.  I really appreciate the Kohl's cash.  I've saved a lot when I go there.  I like their selection of jewelery.  I can always find a good deal at Kohls!
5	I just had a fantastic experience here. I usually shop this kohls, and like it, but the clearance sale they are having now is unreal. $6 for a tek hoodie!?!? Yay!!! The store was super clean and organized. The girl at the register was super sweet and friendly and efficient ( I forgot to check her name). Then, after I checked out, I realized that I forgot to use one of my coupons. She directed me back to customer service where Hamid helped me. He was able to credit the money I  was supposed to save from the coupon back to my credit card easily and was so pleasant about it. I love this store :-)
4	OK, so there are some pros and cons to Kohl's, but if you know how to leverage the store and how it works, you can absolutely get fantastic deals there.This Kohl's is not particuliarly different from any other.  The racks tend to get a bit sloppy, the service reps are a bit hard to find (especially in the shoe department), and the most popular sizes go quick.  My wife has always struggled a bit to find good things there, but there are plenty of good clothes for kids, decent home goods, and the men's clothes are flat out unbeatable.Having said all that, here's what you need to do.  First off, get the credit card.  As soon as you do, the sale notices start to come much more frequently.  Secondly, start watchign for the peel-off coupons... and wait for the coupon that is 30% off.  Once you get one of those, check the dates on the flyer and make sure that a decent sale is actually goin on at that time.  Lastly, make sure that not only do they have the kohl's cash available during this particular sale, but make sure that the Kohl's cash usable timeframe OVERLAPS with the sale and the 30% off couon that you got in the mail.  All four of these components line up about 2-3 times a year.  The timeframes that these are usually overlapping and is typically 10-14 days and start on a Friday.To take full advantage of this alignment of events, I strongly recommend that you go on the first or second day of the sale, especially if that is a Friday.  go in on Friday evening (no one will be there) and you will get first dibs on the best clothes and the most popular sizes because they always stock up right before these sales.  Also, don't hesitate to check the clearance racks, as it is common to find the last of a sportcoat or shirt that was a lead item a couple of months ago on the clearance rack because they only have 4 left of it.  when you get close to finishing and loading up on everything you could possibly want for the year, pick a few things that are lower demand items or things that there are tons of that equal approximately 20% of the total purchase and put them back.  You'll come back for these at the last few days of the sale (when you're allowed to use the Kohl's Cash) and buy those things you left behind.I know this seems a bit complicated, but we do this and usually go either every 12 to 18 months.  We often spend between $500 and $800 as a family and the list price for the things we buy  are commonly between $1500 and $2400.  We often wind up paying between 30 and 35% of the list price for most items and one particular year we actually spent a total of 25% of the list prices across the whole purchase.  This includes things such as $25 total for dress shoes, $12 for dress shirts, $25 for sport coats, $17 for kakhis, and so on.If you follow these tips, I am sure (especially if you are after men's clothes) you will be able to get some pretty phenomenal deals and flesh out a respectable wardrobe for a lot less than you thought possible.
2	This location is probably the least friendly I've encountered. I walked around the store 3 times looking for a certain department, and during that time, I could not catch the eye or attention of a single employee. I had to go to a register to ask a question and did not get a very friendly or helpful response. If I didn't have a gift card to spend, I wouldn't be returning to Kohl's at all. I definitely don't plan to return to this location.
3	I would love to spend more time shopping at Kohl's but the aisles are too close together and movement is limited. I think I had to move 10 times each for other customers while trying to look at some jewelry and kitchen tools.It just seems so crowded and everything is bunched together and disorganized.
