4	I have returned to Discount Tire Co and this location is fast and professional. Used the website, found the tires I wanted for the price I wanted to pay, placed the order and everything went almost very smooth. The problem was the website said they had the tires I wanted in stock and could be mounted on saturday. Turns out they had to be ordered and took a few days more for delivery, but all in all a good experience. Trying to forget my past dealings at some of their other stores, but would come back here again. They don't do wheel alignments but did send me to a local business that did a wonderful job. (Nationwide Safety Brakes and Alignment on Boulder Highway)
3	Had found out when we stopped in Henderson that I had a bright shiny screw in the middle of my tire.  Bought my tires from Discount so I knew I could take it here to be fixed.  They were fast and courteous.  My only complaint is that they try to pressure me into buying new rims when clearly mine are in excellent shape.
5	This is the greatest place!  I bought tires in California and had to replace them in Nevada.  Aaron accommodated my needs superbly!  When he didn't find my brand of tire, he gave me a superior upgrade.  I will always shop at Discount Tires/America's Tire.  Their facilities are always clean, including the rest rooms.  They also offer bottled, cold water and coffee.  The service was swift and accurate!  This is how all businesses should be run.  They are very accommodating!  So, from state to state, you can expect the same courteous service.Nina W.Fontana, CA
5	JT was the manger and he did a great job on helping me out with my tire problem.
5	I went in with a tire emergency today and within 45 minutes my problem was taken care of for free. JT the manager was super helpful and Justin, who worked on my car,  did a great job. I'm most definitely coming here next time I need to service my tires.
5	This place was awesome! Robert was very friendly and helpful. He gave me the right info and price without being pushy. I loved the guarantee and will recommend them to my friends!
5	I always going to Discount Tire for my tires and moved across town so I came to this location for the first time and I was not disappointed!  Ryan was such a huge help and super friendly and took good care of my car and my husbands car. Their service was fantastic and were quick with getting us out the door. I recommend these guys to anyone!
5	I have been coming here for many years and they always have the highest level of customer service. They are quick and efficient and I always get greeted with a smile and hello as soon as I walk in the door. JT and the rest of the guys are awesome with the customers and you can tell they like being there. Keep up the great work guys and I will recommend this particular store to anyone that needs help with their tires! Thank you for getting me back on the road so quickly on my last visit!
3	Stopped in on a rainy afternoon before leaving town to replace my grenaded full size spare tire. Everything was great and pretty much a good to be expected experience, as Discount Tire is always on point. Things here are usually pretty straight forward. I docked two stars from my experience because I noticed my metal valve cap (part of a matching set) missing and replaced with a black plastic cap. I was not asked or informed about the replacement, nor was I given the old cap. Valve caps are not the most expensive item, but the principle of a business or service taking something belonging to a customer with out permission or notification annoys and aggravates me.
5	I have bought tires for all 3 of my cars from Discount Tires.   I am most impressed with the Marks Street store.  The sales team are nice, friendly, helpful and yes they will try to upsell you, but they do show you the differences in the tires.    One upsell I was very happy about was the warranty.   I just came home from having a tire replaced after I hit a curb.    I had a choice of a car or a curb and I chose the curb.   When the tire popped.    They had me in and out in 30 minutes and because of the warranty, it only cost me $18 to change the warranty to the new tire.    Can't beat that upsell!  Baron you rocked today!
4	I was stuck between a 3 and 4 star for this location. Would have been a 3 but an employee let me use a much needed phone charger. I stopped here with a nail in my tire, they where going to fix it for free seeing I had bought 4 truck tires here back in 2006, that was impressive, but my car was my issue. After removing the tire it was found that it was unsafe to drive on and the whole inside of it was worn out. So I needed a new tire. Let me first say I know I have larger rims(19") and I do have low profile tires. I was told due to the  tire pressure sensor it would cost more well I know a few things and the TPMS should be replaces but does not have to and I was not given that option. My total was $225.00 ,for a new tire the following came along with the  the mounting, balancing , removing the old tire from the wheel, so basically all the work. They where quick and friendly. I am new to this area of the city and this is my new tire store.
1	I've been a Discount Tire customer for many years.  And I've always enjoyed their service.  But my most recent 2 experiences were not good.  I was sold an extended warranty on my tires when I didn't ask for it.  And I didn't notice the expense until I got home.  So I had to go back down to the store and get a refund.  A few weeks later, my wife hit something in the road and a tire popped.  So she took it back down to another Discount Tire for replacement.  Once again, unbeknownst to her, she was charged for an extended warranty.  Luckily she noticed the add-on and got it taken off before she left the business.
5	I highly recommend this place.  Being from out town and needing to get home the next day these guys stayed past closing to hook me up with a new tire after I got a flat.  I was in and out in 20 minutes or less.  Thank you for your help!
4	The service was great.  I would have gave them 5 stars but it took two hours to get my car in for a rotation.  They did offer me water and were very nice to me while I waited.  The manager actually followed me out to my care and apologized that it took so long.  I guess you should expect to wait when you go somewhere that you are treated well.
4	So as far as tire shops go, this one like all the other discount tire/America tires is clean, has ample seating and ac.  The good - cold bottles of water, free coffee and competitively priced tires. The bad - long wait times, they forgot to call me when my car was done, they use high pressure sales tactics to get you to buy more tires and they lie about the life left on your tires to get you to buy more tires. Remember folks these are salesmen so be prepared to say no when you need to and stick to your guns when negotiating your sale price.
5	Very helpful..very friendly staff will always come here for my tire needs! !! They cut me a deal for two tires and put my other two tires under there warrenty!! I won't have tire problems for awhile!
5	I've been shopping at Discount Tire now for probably 20 years or more.  And I've always been pleased.  They are normally always busy, but the service is normally great and friendly.  I had researched their website to pick out the perfect tire.  And their website is very user friendly.  I found exactly what I wanted.  However, it was a special order.  When I arrived, I asked how long it would take to order them.  My salesperson called their warehouse and he said he could have them there by noon.  He didn't try to sell me any crappy tires that they had in stock.  He didn't pressure me in anyway.   I ordered the tires I wanted, paid for them and said I would be back this morning at 8am.  I got there this morning, and the tires were waiting on me.  They installed them in less than an hour and I was on my way.  And the tires are amazing.  Best thing about them is free rotations and balancing for as long as I own the tires.  And I got Michelin Defenders which have a 90,000 mile warranty, and my vehicle rides like new!  It was a great tire buying experience.  The entire staff and management are to be commended for their customer service.
1	Do not go to this discount tire store bad experience I had to replace a $150 rim n tire  cause they would not give me some air so I wouldn't run on a dam near flat
5	This place have always treated me so well. I've always bought tires from here. Every single time I go these guys are sooo sweet. Today I had to get my front tires checked because they looked really low. I called them and one of the guys answered... So I asked him what time they close and he said 6 but it was already after 6. He asked what was wrong so I told him I think my tires are low. He said they already closed shop but he asked me to stop by and he fired up the compressor for me. I pulled up they put air in my tires for me. They are amazing!!! Didn't want to drive to the other side of town tonight on low tires. One other time we took on my boyfriends car because the tire light was on. Hey aired him up and noticed he didn't have air caps on so they gave him some at no charge. Thank u discount tire. I have been a loyal customer since before I could drive and that will never change!!!!
5	This is the best tire place I have visited. Guys here are always nice and professional. Even if your just stopping in to get the tires checked and aired up your treated great. Highly recommend this location
5	Great dudes, great prices, fast service. I don't know what else to ask for. I'll be back.
5	Dillan and Justin were great and extremely helpful and knowledgeable at their job. Very customer service oriented and great for business. I have been a Discount Tires customer for almost 20 years and they have never disappointed me!
5	Baby Mama's car needed new shoes. Location comes highly recommended. Place is clean, workers are helpful, friendly and courteous. Will definitely be back.
5	This place was awesome. Was able to get 3 new tires. The other place I was at told me I needed 4. The guy that helped me here at discount was  very knowledgable and told me that one of my tires was brand new. Great place with friendly staff and it only took them less than an hour to get my car back to me.
4	Had a flat tire and the staff was very kind.  Got to looking at my tire right away.  They took the nail out of the tire and patched it up all free of charge.
5	Justin at discount tire awesome & very helpful!! Went to discount tire at 505pm and had Justin look at my tires.  He said tires where good for another 4 thousand miles. Asked if he could get my new tires within 20min, yes!  I was out of the store at 525pm to meet my dinner guest at 530pm!!! Awesome
5	Great deals, good customer sevice! You have to come down here and ask for Justin! I am definitely referring my friends and family here!
5	fast and courteous service. Great service. they got me in quickly and took care of my needs.
5	Price matched the competitor and gave a discount on top of that. Can't beat the price.
5	Friendly, fast, competitive pricing, and most important...Honest!  I wouldn't buy tires elsewhere.
5	I have been coming here since since 2001. My family and I will not trust anyone else with our tires. They stand by their word, great customer service, very timely and informative. They are also the best price in town. This particular visit I was assisted by Dillin. Very respectable, helpful, and gave me the best deal for the quality I was looking for. Keep up the good work!!
5	The minute I pulled in I was greeted by a friendly team that helped me get the bet deal to replace all 4 tires on my truck. I've owned my truck for 7 years now and this is the first time I've needed to do anything to my tires and I'm so grateful for the service and decent price I got to replace them all. Thank you!
5	The gentlemen at discount tire were polite and respectful. They were going to repair my damaged tire for free and when they should have been going home on Christmas eve.. I really needed new tires but they were never pushy. When I tried to make an appointment for after Christmas they instead took care of my car at that time--probably an hour after close. What a Christmas gift. I am new to las Vegas and am glad I found this store
5	5+ star service and pricing here! Can a tire shop really offer the best service I've experienced anywhere, all year?!? I think so! Came here the day after Christmas and it was very busy. But the employees were attentive and courteous. They acknowledged us right away, thanked us for coming in, and told us they'd be with us as soon as they could. We came in knowing there was a slow leak in one of my tires. We figured, if it couldn't be repaired we might as well replace them all. We asked them to quote us on 4 new tires but before they even did, they brought the car in, fixed the tire FOR FREE in no time, and told us that the others were in good enough shape that we didn't have to replace at this time. No pushy upselling or pressure sale tactics?!? It's a Christmas miracle! We also did some research before going in and they were the best priced for tires among other tire shops in the area. This store is the epitome of courtesy and professionalism. Somehow, they really got this service thing down. My husband has had the same experience in the past. Discount Tire, you have earned another loyal customer!
