5	Vintage, re-purposed, recycled and new.  COLAB is a shock as soon as you walk in the door - as you can BARELY walk in the door because there is so much stuff!  It's amazing!   From Gerber Onsies that have been silk-screened to older clothing that has been re-sewn into something a bit more "today" while retaining it's retro feel - this place IS your place.  C.O.L.A.B. stands for Collectively Operated Local Artist Boutique.  Why has no one done this before?  Maybe it was a matter of rent, but hopefully with their tiny spot at .anti-space they'll be able to keep it going for quite some time.  As of today their hours are W-Sunday 6pm-10pm and Saturday 2pm-10pm.  Go.  Shop.  Support.  We need more spots like this for our current and future fashion artists in Phoenix.
2	Great concept, okay execution.The shop is tiny, but stuffed with lots of interesting pieces.  A variety of local designers, often including handmade items with nice workmanship.  Most importatly, here you can buy unique, one-of-a-kind items for a very affordable price.  You'll find local brans that have hit it big (like Spraygraphic) to lines that are just a guy painting on t-shirts.  [Personalizing t-shirts for friends with stenciling and hand stitching myself, I know it must be hard to break even with all of the work involved.]This store is obviously a labor of love, since it seems the designers (who also man the store) are learning as they go.  The hours (though posted) can be a little inconsistent, which might cause the store to suffer.  Hopefully over time, they'll figure out hours of operation, planning lines for appropriate season, etc.  In the meantime, it's a great change of pace, so check it out.  You'll at least find a cool shirt.P.S.  They are a CASH only establishment.  Last time I went, they guy working said that they were considering doing Pay Pal on a computer in the store.  However, I'm not so sure people would want to be accessing their account on a stranger's computer (identity theft abounds these days).  Hopefully they will get this figured out.8/28/07I'm changing my score from 3 to 2 stars because they're always closed everytime I stop by, even during their "open" hours.  Recently, I've seen a sign posted that says their closed for the Summer with the exception of First Fridays (I think).
