5	This place is just amazing! It's off the beaten track so you get tremendous value for you money! Impeccable service, amazing food and cosy ambiance, it can not get any better!
5	This is really as good as it gets. The service is impeccable, the wine list generous and really fair, and the food is spectacular. They two chefs really care about their restaurant and the wonderful man who waited on the tables was so knowledgeable about both the food and wine. We can't wait to go back!!
5	This is truly a diamond in the rough.  Great portions. Had the beef tartar to start with foie gras and the guinea hen for dinner and finished it off with a chocolate mousse with brownies. Good wine list, great service, if you love food this is the place to try.
4	We went there with friends.  Excellent food. I had magret de canard (duck).  Excellent wine list.  Resto is not very large.
5	My partner and I ate here last week and it was an amazing dinner.  The server was great and so helpful with the menu and wine pairings.  The butternut squash soup and smoked shoulder/foie gras/bacon entree were incredible.  We have a similar charming restaurant here in DC that's small and cute with superb food (Obelisk) unfortunately it's double the cost of Mas.  We took a cab from downtown but after having used the Metro system, I'd recommend using it and hoofing it from the station--you'll save quite a bit of money.   If you are planning a visit to Montreal, you'll definitely want to check out Mas Cuisine and La Salle a Manger (located in the Plateau).  You won't be disappointed.   PS--my only complaint is the garish lighting in the kitchen that flooded the otherwise serene dining room.
4	We enjoyed our meal at Mas Cuisine. The menu is prix fixe, so you get an app, main and dessert for around $50. The portions are good - not like many other fancy restaurants - so I was thoroughly full by the end, and couldn't even finish dessert! It looked like the menu changes on a weekly basis, but I had beef tartare as my app, braised beef cheek for my main, and a chocolate tart for dessert. Service was good (minus having to wait 10mins for our table), and each course beautifully presented. We opted for a bottle of French Syrah ($45) which was good. The food was tasty, though could have done with a little bit more flavour, and the price point could have been a bit better given that it's in Verdun. Still, I would happily come back!
