4	Easily my favorite camera store in the Phoenix area. They've got a wide selection from compact digitals all the way up to large format view cameras, along with everything you need for your darkroom, and a wide selection of film and paper. Being directly off the freeway also means they can often be faster to get to than other camera stores.Prices are competitive and the staff is very knowledgeable, friendly, and patient. Whether you're a first-time buyer or a seasoned professional, they can answer your questions and get you what you need. They're also very cognizant of wait times, with staff dropping what they're doing to get you helped or checked out.The rentals desk is well-inventoried and the rentals staff are friendly, making it easy to get what you need, often even on short notice. Low equipment deposits also make it easier to get what you need, as you're  required to front only 33%, rather than 50% or even 100% of the replacement cost.If you need a camera bag, Photomark has the best selection I'm aware of in the Phoenix area. All the major manufacturers are represented, and there are far more models available than at other camera stores.There are a couple things that tend to scare new customers off unnecessarily. First, it's in an older (not "bad") part of town, which tends to freak out suburbanites used to newer construction, fewer minorities and homeless (and homeless minorities), and more standard traffic flow. I've never had a problem, nor has anyone I know. You should lock your car, but you don't need to brandish a Taser or wear Kevlar.Second, the parking lot is small. Especially if you don't realize Photomark owns the entire center, it seems like there's far too little parking--but they own all three businesses and you're free to park anywhere in the plaza. Still, it's best to avoid going around midday, as it can be difficult to park during the lunch hour rush. It may also be ideal to take a smaller vehicle if you're not intimately comfortable with where your sides and rear and are.The biggest downside to shopping at Photomark is that unlike Tempe Camera, they don't break down pro packs of film--if they don't stock or the manufacturers don't make a given film in single-roll packages, you're stuck buying an entire pro pack.
4	I'm a serious amateur photographer. Their prices seem middle of the road and they keep a lot of the higher end stuff in stock. The staff are all knowledgeable and usually fully answer my questions. I've learned a lot there.
4	This staff was very knowledgeable and helpful.  I brought in a hand-me-down Minolta X-570 that just edges me out in time spent on in this world.  I really preferred to get this back to working condition, rather than go purchasing something new (not only to be cost effective, but to own a fully operational 25 year-old camera.)The lens had a nasty scratch inside and the film advance lever was also broken.  They were able to fix both issues for a very reasonable price in about a week's time.  I would definitely go back for future issues with my camera.
5	My new favorite store!!I noticed that my Nikon D40x was getting dirty and needed to get cleaned.  I called around to a couple places and found it to be $95 for a cleaning.  When I called Photomark (that I've only heard good things about in the past), they told me it was $45!  Big difference!  I really needed it done on short notice and was kind of bummed when he said it would take a few days.  He heard the tone of my voice and asked me if I needed it soon and said he would rush it and have it done the next day.  Jay is awesome!!  I'm pretty amateur and I was kind of intimidated walking in and talking to someone about the camera.  But Jay was so easy to talk to.  He didn't talk down to me like I was an idiot.  He didn't talk over my head about things.  He was so easy to understand and he explained everything to me.I also purchased a speedlight while I was there and the sales staff was awesome.  I had my two loud toddlers with me and he was laughing while they ran around with me yelling at them not to touch ANYTHING!!I love that they hold classes here.  I am planning on attending two of them.  I can't wait!!!
5	Colin M. did a masterful job filling you in on the facts about this business, so check out his review.  I can only second what he said.  This is a real camera shop, stocked to the gills with lots of top-of-the-line stuff.  It would be easy to be intimidated but don't let that keep you from going into this fine establishment.I have bought a few things here and they have always been very helpful and friendly.You can find better prices on the internet, but no instant gratification on the internet.  And who is going to help you with a problem or answer a question when you have one?  Who will repair or clean your camera for you?  No, we need to support our local shops and if it means paying a few percentage points more, it's worth it.
5	Praise to a fallen giant, consumed by technology.I have been a customer of Photomark in Phoenix for the past few years, dropping by to pick up/process some film and treat myself to an accessory or two when shooting in Arizona/Utah.   They have shut down both lab and camera shop as you can tell from the currently non-existent websites.  This shop and its knowledgeable staff will be missed by many.
1	This was the best camera/photography store in the valley.  It has now been re-imagined and renamed as Photomart upon its move to Scottsdale.  I recently visited the new location...and I was shocked!  The store was extremely small, had very little to sell (I didn't even see a camera on display).  They did carry some glass...but mostly a very small selection of accessories.  I didn't even recognize any of the former employees.  I encourage all the former loyal Photomark customers to visit Photomart.  I'm sure you will leave disappointed.  Two thumbs down to this lemon!
5	bought a camera and a lens here a few weeks ago and i am nothing more than 100% pleased with everything about this place. Judith is amazing and so knowledgeable and extremely helpful. Morgan is very helpful and knowledgeable as well....both have been a great help to me in the process of getting my new camera.they have a wide selection of camera bags and accessories, filters, tripods etc...everything really that may need is there. They dont have a whole lot of cameras but they do have lenses you can choose from new and used :-) if youre in scottsdale or looking for a great photo store....DEFINITELY CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!
4	I ended up shooting a work event and needed to pick up a flash. I didn't really feel like spending the money now on one and luckily Photomart rents them out! I rented a Nikon flash from them for the day and everything went well. I called before hand to make sure they had it, walked in, signed the paperwork, paid the deposit and left. Flash worked great. Nothing to complain about, make sure you have your own batteries! Performance was solid and in pretty good condition!The staff here is very friendly and knowledgeable and they have a really good selection of camera bags. I was eying two of them before I left, definitely going to have to pick one up soon.Call ahead to make sure they have what you are looking for, highly recommended!
4	While they do have an lot of items to choose from in there..They didn't carry everything I needed /: but overall and good place to stop by for any camera needs.. The prices are reasonable and employees are very knowledgeable.
5	Friendly staff here and was super easy to rent lighting from Photomart.  I had a shoot in Scottsdale and found them online.  Whole process beforehand was easy to coordinate and returns etc were handled expertly.  Def would come back for my next shoot in the area!
