5	I was really impressed with the service here! They were quick, friendly and professional. I really needed to get some repairs done, so that I could pass my smog check, and renew my registration. They got everything done in one day, and they weren't obnoxious about upselling me. I was really happy with the service, and the price- I felt like everything was fair and reasonable. I would definitely recommend this store to anyone who needed to get their car repaired, because they made the hassle of getting my car repaired seem pretty painless
5	I do a lot of driving for my job, so my car needs regular maintenance and this place is my go-to auto shop in Las Vegas. Service is consistently prompt (every job I've sent their way has been completed in less time than I expected). Their rates are very competitive and they're staffed with top-notch mechanics who are willing to answer any and all questions. For both maintenance and repairs, I trust these guys implicitly.
5	The guys here do a fantastic job, I had to get my brakes checked so I went there, they checked them out and let me know that one of my front pads needed changing and the other was close. They even showed me how they were wearing down.  I have been to other places and the try to rake you over the coals but they were professional and got it done quick. I would definitely use them again.
3	Decent place I had an appointment and the store was slow which took them about twenty min to get started. They did not try to over sell me just what i already knew needed to be fixed. which was reasonable and same pricing as others.The shop was not busy and I feel that you should not see all mechanics sitting around socializing yet they have a group of chairs in the service area. They finished quick since they all helped out and put their phones down.The guy w / dreadlocks that helped me out was friendly and had good customer service and was a cool guy. They only thing was I dont like that I had to wipe the oil hand prints of my car when I got home. In in out in less than an hour
4	I had no problem with the customer services here. And Rick he's a pretty nice guy sounds like he has a lot of patience.  However, after spending 900 here on things that my car really needed and an additional 200 for labor on a part I had bought in the past.. I received my car back with a strange rattling noise when I make a left turn (i noticed this rattle the same day I got the car back). My car has never made this noise before and I had gotten my motor mounts fixed not too long before turning my car over to Midas. Idk what this noise is I can only trust what other mechanics say that its not a safy hazard.. I would of taken my car back but I had been without a car for quite a while that I had soo many things to do registration, work, ect and I've spent a pretty penny there I can't bring myself to pay any more for a problem that happened after I got the car back. I just wanted to put this post up incase anyone else has a problem like this. Sincerely, the white caliber.
1	I got a coupon in the mail for an oil change and tire rotation for $17.99 so I thought, eh, why not? I had a bad feeling when I got there. The  guys working there were acting like a bunch of buffoons, hazing the "new guy" (according to the man at the counter). I was ok with it until I saw the "new guy" sit in an Audi A4 and rev the engine (so hard and so long he redlined the tachometer) for no apparent reason. It was then that I almost left but someone was already in the process of lifting my car up. I figured well, at least it isnt the "new guy" working on it.. They changed my oil, but didnt rotate my tires, but I'm ok with it because the less they touched my car, the better. It was when they were done that I was told by the guy at the counter that I needed an air filter (of course), and that I needed my brake fluid changed. Huh? We locked eyes for a good 5 seconds before he said that" well, it's recommended, given the amount of miles on my car".  Um, I have a 2013 Hyundai Sonata with just over 20, 000 miles ( I bought it in 2012) and I take it to Hyundai for the big tune-ups, so what was that all about? I felt as though they were trying to gouge me a bit. I'm not sure, but had it not been for the "new guy" I might have been ok with the experience. Well, that and the typical gouging. You dont get gouged at Terrible's or Fabulous Freddy's.
5	Came in for repair work on the muffler system on our 1989 Toyota Corolla and also had them repair a bad front Axel. Great staff and repair was fast and done correctly the first time.
2	Been here several times and the service was great.  Even offered to drive me to a place for lunch while I waited.  Feeling a change now and it's not good. Telling me I need services into the hundreds of dollars I know I don't need.  Do they really think women are stupid?  Mentioned asking my guy and they didn't push it.  Trust is gone. I won't be back.
3	I got an oil change and AC recharge for my car.  They squeezed me in with no appointment and everything was done quickly.  I am happy with my results.
1	Had a deal from Group on for A/C recharge.  I told Rick the manager that the car blows hot air at stops, what is the reason?  He said you need recharge.  I asked about the process, he kinda reluctantly said they will vacuum the moisture and then add freon.I asked how long would it take, he answered one hour.I have to tell you when I got to the shop, the guys working there were seating around b s ing and they did not look professional.Anyways they took my car in and the guy who was going to do the job, came in the office sand asked Rick questions about the recharge that made a bit uncomfortable.The car was done in 20-25 minutes and I did not try the A/C that day, since it was over cast and cool.  But the next day, it acted the same way.I called and asked to talk to Rick, the asian guy who acted kinda weird the first day, answered and asked me to call back since Rick was busy, I asked him to take down the message and have him call me, he never did.  It cost me $66 for the job.I emailed Group on's customer service with the issue, they reimbursed me $30, and I am sure they will have them on their radar.  I would NOT recommend this place to anyone!!!
