4	I feel horrible! I wrote a previous comment on this place, but it was intended for another place...my bad. Sorry.I went here late at night and the staff was great! I just love eating chicken!!! I wish their chicken was more spicy; I'm just looking for that kick! I'm not a big fan of sweet ice tea and I can barely swallow one sip, but their sweet ice tea is yummy! Sugar cane sugar makes things wonderful!
3	I frequent this part of town about every other week and I make it a point to stop by popeyes to get my fried chicken fix. The food and only the food are worth the visit. It is poorly managed and the employees are consitently rude.
1	Horrible visit.  The overriding bad thing was that  the drive-trough apparently has an alarm (that is well over 80 Decibels) that goes off if a car is in drive through longer than about 90 seconds...it went off for over TEN MINUTES of our visit, and manager said they can't do anything to silence it.  What a HORRIBLE way to punish your employees and customers!!!Now, on to the visit...we drove 15.6 miles to this place, in a part of town I won't go without my gun...because Janet remembered Popeye's being great in her hometown.Took them 5 minutes to take our order...there was a mini-rush and only 4 people working.  The entire 5 minutes to order and 10 to get our food was spent listening to the LOUD DRIVE THROUGH ALARM...which thankfully shut off as we sat down.food took 10 min to get because they were "waiting on biscuits."price seemed a little cheaper than KFCStaff (other than older red-shirted manager?) were courteous and friendly. Manager seemed indifferent.Sides weren't as good as KFC. My nuggets were ok but puny, they look bigger in the sign photo's. Janet's chicken was on the cold side and not spicy like she ordered.....  Red beans and rice was actually CRUSTY the rice was so dry and it had been sitting so long.   It was luke warm and utterly flavorless (which is sad, because them HAVING red beans and rice was the only reason I agreed to go 15.6 miles vice the KFC nearby:(Macaroni and cheese was, on the reverse side, NUCLEAR hot with a  dry crusty layer on top....Its flavor wasn't KFC rich, but it was runnier and not mushy like KFC,and I like that style better... .it seemed microwave-type HOT (you know, like when you forget and bite into a pop-tart that just got microwaved???)  But I know they didn't microwave it...the bathroom showed extreme neglect including......{this is the point where you skip to the end if you don't want to read about bathrooms  in a restaurant review}   Not a scrap of toilet paper anywhere...empty rolls in DOUBLE COMMERCIAL REEL type holder and ANOTHER empty roll on the ground.....guess this fried-chicken place goes through the inventory pretty quick...? Filthy floor, toilet, sink, etc.  badly in need of cleaning..I'll stop there.
1	Just left here and they're out of everything, how does Popeye's run out of chicken? thats like Subway running out of bread...find another location besides this one.
1	This place is FILTHY. They serve old, cold food. Run by total morons. A disgrace to Al Copeland's vision of fast food genius. The best thing that could happen to this place is a grease fire!
1	Only giving one start because 0 isn't an option. When I walked in the entire staff was eating and just looked at us when we came in. The guy at the register had hickeys all over his neck and had no customer service skills whatsoever. The location was extremely dirty... And when we were eating in the lobby they turned the lights off on us, even though the drive through was still open they continued to rush us out of the door. Other then taking our order, there was no form of customer service ever put in to place.
1	I usually wouldn't write a review about fried chicken chain restaurants, but they're ROTD worthy so maybe this is relevant. I'm usually under the impression that this is better than the other two large chains, but this particular location leaves me inclined to change my mind. Maybe their heat lamps are busted or something, because my food was not far beyond room temperature as well as dried out, with seasoning dumped on indiscriminately. I don't even have high expectations for a place like this, but it manages to give me the impression that no one there really gives a shit, and they coast on the franchise name alone. I will eat literally anything on this intersection except for this particular restaurant.
1	I've visited this location a few times and although I have had good customer service, the staff always seems very disorganized and the chicken is always overcooked and dry. 3 times and the same issues occur, which is enough for me not to visit this location again.
