1	Why Do Some people think they can open a restaurant?  Why?I used to feel bad disparaging a place.   Kinda along the lines of, "if you don't have anything nice to, don't say anything at all."  On the other hand, if you open a restaurant and you do not even come close to delivering a pleasurable experience you deserve to hear the truth!  Quite frankly, I am tired of people like this ruining my dining experience!This place is in the failed Pancit Adobo location.  Honestly, I think this place will see the same fate.  The only positive thing I can say is they cleaned the place up and replaced the hideous carpet that was there before.  I walk in and there is zero signage in the store.  Nothing that says seat yourself, order here, no menu board, nothing with prices... get this... no menus!  I asked the lady behind the counter and through hand gestures the nearest I could figure was that this is a Filipino Panda Express.The dishes in the steam table were not labeled so I had to guess and point at stuff.  Apparently, the only menu option is a 2 item combo with rice.  I asked for a 3 item combo but I  could only get a 2 item with an extra side.  So, I go to pay - "no credit cards."  The only signage in the store was a visa logo on the door and they do not take cards!!!!  Actually, at this point I didn't even know how much the total was.  I had a few bucks on me - but I just left.  I couldn't deal with such idiotic business owners anymore.ATTENTION all business owners:  there was this new invention 40 years ago called a credit card that allows people to buy things with out cash.  Seriously, it only costs 3-4% of the sale.  So this restaurant would rather lose a sale than accept credit cards.  I don't even mind if they pass the cost on to the customer.   Even if they opened that day - No Menus??? really.  No website, no local listings.I am not giving this place a bad review because some one was rude to me or because my ice tea wasn't just right --- this place gets a bad review because it is a poorly run business.
3	I had to give this place a second chance.I still have issues with this place, but this time my visit here was met with much warmer and friendlier service.  The service was enough to make this place worth visiting.Here's the deal.  It is a fast food panda express like Filipino food restaurant.  A 3 item combo was only 5.99 or you could buy just a serving of something.  I only know 2 dishes in Filipino food; pancit and adobo.  For some reason I didn't get any of that, I didn't see any in the steam trays.  I asked the ladies to just put 2 of the best dishes with some rice.  I had chicken curry and something else.  The chicken curry was decent, the other dish was like little beans like lentils.  It was ok.  They did have some fish dishes.  With the friendliness and the fact that it is super cheap I would say it is worth 3 stars. The food was not impressive, it was okay.
4	I had lunch here on Saturday and it was very good. I have had filipino food but am far from an expert. Very tasty and extremely well priced. This is a stickly casual place with limited seating but they do a good carry out business and the turn over is very good. I had the goat and chicken entrees with rice. Also potatoes on a skewer coated in brown sugar and several other items including squid. If you are in the area I do recommend you stop in..
3	Okay, so let's make it clear...this is a fast food restaurant as stated outside and run by Asians....so expecting warm smiling people may be asking too much.  However, $5.99 for a 2 item combo is a pretty good deal.  The pork adobo is flavorful and tender, the BBQ pork is tasty but perhaps even too fatty for me.  I'll be back because there are no other Filipino options near by...they win by default.  They also have a small amount of groceries as well.
1	I was treated like I asked them to help me hide a body. Literally had 2 people walk away from me while I asked for service; I don't care how good the food is. Extra charge if you use your debit or credit card. I just wanted to bring a combo home to surprise my boyfriend (he's Filipino).Bet if I would have had him with me I would have been treated better, but good grief. Never Again!!!
4	The food is ridiculously delicious! This is my go-to place for filipino food. I just wish it was bigger and better menu list.
3	The food was OK.  Price is good.  Service is not great. One of my pet peeves is when you walk in to a restaurant and whoever is working stares at you... like you walked waltzed in to their damn house uninvited.
5	If you live near this location, your lucky, if not, drive here! Best tasting, and best quality Filipino Cuisine on the ready! Try their other locations at Maryland Pkwy and Hendertucky and you will not be disappointed! Mabuhay! ps. Goat Kaldereta is gonna blow your taste buds!
5	I stopped by here today to get food to go but after looking at the variety of food I decided to stay and eat multiple plates! I got amazing service everything I got up to try more and promise to return here soon. I highly recommend the goat, it's amazing!
5	Best food in town.  Very fresh and very tasty.  There is a young lady in the restaurant that seems like she doesn't want to be there. But the older couple is so sweet and reminds me of a auntie that is happy to see you.  THE ADOBO is awesome!
4	Kusina ni Lorraine is a cafeteria-style Filipino restaurant, where you get authentic Filipino food for cheap.  This location in Ann Road is much smaller compared to the other locations.  My faves at Kusina ni Lorraine: Chicken BBQ, Sisig, and Kare-kareThey also sell Filipino snacks like chips, candies, drinks, and many more.
5	Love this place! I take my Lola here at least once a week! My daughter loves that she can get her Sarsi for the week.
3	Buffet food looks old at times...Been eating the food many times (wife filipino)...At our most recent visit the food was all taken away @ 7:30pm...Not good! Floors very slippery upon entrance...Tables tight in dining area..A lot of clutter! Parking is tight and annoying! Bathroom surprisingly not to bad!
1	I bought a to-go medium-sized beef caldereta on Dec 27th at 1720hrs...I found a big dead black shiny house fly inside that beef caldereta. The gross thing about it was that I already ate a good 2 tbsp of it till i discovered the dead housefly inside the  caldereta... yuck!!!  This is very unacceptable!  Their food is exposed too much to unsanitary practices, i.e., the food servers have no hair  cover, the food displayed on top of the glass are uncovered.
4	First time here with my friend when I come and visit these place. We ordered, sisig, adobong pusit, fried fish and pakbet. Everything was delicious and taste good. I definitely come back here.
