5	BEST mac and cheese EVER.  BEST Pomme Frites EVER.  A place that gets a visit every time were in Scottsdale.  Always crowded, but great european atmosphere (and "backyard" patio seating).  Come for the excellent side dishes and a few drinks!
5	This replica of a Parisian bistro serves up bistro classics such as the flatiron steak, cassoulet with duck confit, and delicious pommes frites. It's a great place to sit outside at the patio cafe.  Excellent wine list with many reasonably priced French wines.
4	Really good food.  The designers actually succeeded making this look like an old Parisian bistro.  Once you are inside you can almost forget that you are in Scottsdale... at a mall.  Can't go wrong with a burger and fries here.
3	Average food on a very limited menu.  Service was barely adequate, and the prices were very over-priced.  Location is convenient, but parking can be an issue.  Seems to be very popular with the trendy high school crowd [something I shied away from even when I was in high school]...
3	Lunch here is delicious and well worth it.  Dinner?  Spend your hard-earned money elsewhere.  If it's easy-earned money and you don't care to spend then by all means enjoy the authentic atmosphere and above average French food... just don't order the flat iron steak.
5	zinc bistro holds a special place in my heart.i love patio seating as long as wafts of cigarette smoke isnt blown into my face as im enjoying my meal. the service can be a bit spotty here, but pretending youre on a parisian sidewalk makes up for it. ok maybe youre stuck in the scorching hot arizona desert, but zinc will bring you there for a couple hours. even for a drink or two or three, zinc is the perfect place to round up your pals and throw back some greygoose martinis in hot 115 degree weather.choice dishes:duck confit sandwichside order of mac & cheesecroque madameflatiron steakilly coffeebonjour scottsdale-ites.
2	I love ZInc Bistro's enviornment. Its beautiful. I HATE the Service. And most of the food is meh. Be advised if you go in for just some espresso's with friends you will get  treated poorly by your server. They aren't very cheap either. I usually avoid going there mainly because I feel like punching the servers square in the face there.
2	If you are snotty, you would like ZincIf you like high prices, you would like ZincIf you like lousy onion soup, you would like ZincIf you like snotty service, you would like ZincIf you like waiters with an attitude, you would like zincDrive a little further south, and go to "Metro Brasserie" - it will be well worth the extra time - and you won't regret it - or even better yet, go to France - they are even that rude there.This negative review is a result of visiting Zinc on several occasions, over an extended period of time - only to find out that the service was still as bad or even worsened. Sorry, but until the restaurant improves quality across the board, and attitude drops - I am unable to recommend this restaurant at this time.
4	I love to go into Zinc in the afternoon and sit at the bar. The staff is very friendly and attractive :) The food is pretty good too but its  a limited menu.
1	I agree with A.B:Overly pretentious clienteleFood does not deserve the high pricesSnotty staffI think the only redeeming factor for this place is the patio.If you want French-inspired Bistro food head over to Coup des Tartes.If you want REAL French food, go to Vincent's.If you want to be insulted, overpay for your food, and regret your evening, go to Zinc.
4	Ive found the food to be very good here and the service to be above average. What I do see are alot of ridiculous people eating there. Just fo your info, it's annoying when someone sits at a table in a restaurant and only orders espresso. That table is for people who want to EAT and that table is where the waiter earns a living. It's not a park bench. I've found that waiters are generally only rude to rude people. Treat them and their space with a little respect.  I think this is an above average restaurant with nice wine prices, good (and sometimes great!) food, and good service.
2	I went to Kierland Mall in hopes to dine at Ocean Club, only to find a 1 hour 50 minute wait, next stop North, who had a 45 minute wait. By chance I walked over to Zinc where I was seated immediately! I should have know there was a reason and I found out very soon.Although the place was half empty, the manager insisted our party of 2 sit at a tiny table that was soon over- crowded with just a bread basket and a bottle of wine. Where were they going to put the food?Well after they spilled a glass of wine on the both of us while trying to set down our appetizer, I got up and moved us to one of the larger empty tables. The bus staff (who was excellent) help us gracefully make the move. The manager (Ben)  however, still tried to hassle us even though the place was now even emptier than when we first arrived. In spite of all this, our barely-existent waiter took our order after I had to send for him twice. He was not helpful at all in explaining any dishes, and could not make any recommendations when asked for suggestions. He was very bothered by the whole process and seemed more interested in talking to his manager between ever course. I continually had to keep asking for him to keep the dinier moving. When the check came, I caught two mistakes, he over-charged us for a bottle of wine I didn't order and added an appetizer that was supposed to be for someone elses bill. The prices are high enough, there is no need to pad the bill, but double-check it for sure. The food was outstanding! The best short ribs I've ever eaten and I order it everywhere I can. Too bad the dining experience ruined the night. Obviously, the word must be out. High prices, very dim lights (always makes me suspicious about what they are trying to hide) and horrible service explains why there is always a table available. Do yourself a favor, wait the hour elsewhere, it will be better than ruining your night.
4	This reminds me nothing of the cafes I ate at while in Paris. Sadly, however, I wasn't in France, but Texas. Yes, Paris, Texas. My car broke down. I believe I had a cowboy omelet and a large ice tea while waiting for the repair. Here, at Zinc Bistro, I pretend I'm Paris, France. A glass of Burgundy with the French onion soup and some pomme frittes and I say WEE WEE! I've had good service here. Although I've seen larger tables having issues with flagging servers down. It's like they can't rememeber to ask for everything at once and the servers is doing some serious wind sprints from the kitchen to the table. The manager is way cool and always remembers me. I do love the bistro style atmosphere here and love hearing other peoples conversations when I dine a lone. I know. Shameful. But one couple was actually signing their divorce papers over a steak and a bottle of champagne.
5	OkI lived in France I adore French foodAfter reading reviews, I went to Zinc Bistro hoping to love it.And I didBlame it on the bellini and kir royale if you wish, but I thought this restaurant was top notch in all ways.Our server was awesome, and very attentive.  Even though some people at my table didn't speak English very well, he was warm and accomodating.The drinks were awesome, and I thought for the quality of champagne in my bellini and kir royale, very well pricedThe inside of the restaurant was reminiscent of many brasserie's in FranceThe food was amazing.We had a 5 cheese platter, and the waiter presented me with a listing of ten cheeses and let me pick out five.  I could only pick four, so left the 5th cheese up to him.The cheeses were very French, and the two that were my favorite were the Brillat Savarin and the Epousse :)For dinner I had the moules frites, and a side of the mac and cheese.Both were AWESOMEThe moules frites were served in a white wine sauce and the mussels themselves were very large and tasted fresh as can beThe mac and cheese.  MMMM.  There were slices of ham inside, which was unexpected, but delicious.  My boyfriend, he got a filet with foie gras seared on top, all served on a plate with a wine reduction sauce.I tried this.And OMGI wished I had gotten it.The foie gras along with the filet, was AMAZING.  Like, I'll dream about it for awhile.  I'll go back for this dish alone.  Again, I thought the $36 price tag for this dish was very reasonable.  The filet was top notch, and the foie grasOh the foie grasHow I love foie gras....So yeah.  I really, really, really dug this place.
5	Zinc Bistro is a must  if you visit Kirland Common, this restaurant is no stranger to awards and recognition. Why I love it,Four and a half Stars, So close to Five.  I worked at Trio in Chicago and really enjoyed learning about French fine dinning.  Notice how many tables are served and how much detail is given to service and especially to each dish.  Most Fine dinning French restaurants are very small but Zink takes on an enormous challenge to satisfy each customer.  I really like the flat iorn steak and the wine selection is sure to please those who enjoy French wines.  I tend to order the Chateauneuf Du Pape.Dessert,If you like chocolate order the Souffle and make sure you order it 1/2 before your ready.
4	Every time I am in Scottsdale I make my friends go with me to Zinc Bistro it is my tradition and one of my favorite French restaurants I have been to. Here are some observations....* super cute ambiance definitely urban Paris compared to rustic countryside.* Location is great in Kierland for shopping before or after* Amazing menu and the most amazing Lemon Souffle I have ever had in my life. I pretty much dream about it and wake up drooling.* For all of you saying its "snobby" wake up, really though? You are in SCOTTSDALE everything is snobby so just take it in and ignore the snobbery and enjoy the ambiance and food. *yes it may be slow but why do we have to be fast? I can't wait to go back its a top fav for me.
4	I like the foo-foo French cuisine every once in awhile, but Zinc is fabulous b/c its every day French and not overly priced for the quality and creativity. Bon Appetite!
5	When I lived in Scottsdale I loved dining here.  It can be pricey put the food is worth every penny.  Best Souffle and french pressed coffee I have ever had.  The entrees are small but rich in flavor where you savor every bite.  Definitely a must if visiting Scottsdale.  You will never guess you are in the middle of the desert if you're sitting out in the quaint patio with the romantic lighting in the evenings.  It will transport you to Paris France with the ambiance, service and of course the food!
5	I love the bar and outside seating at this place.  I haven't eaten here, but love the atmosphere.  It was nice to find a place that feels so cozy and romantic and not like a giant chain restaurant, like the rest this city.  It's a great place to share a bottle of wine.
5	I really like Zinc. The food has been excellent every time I have been here and the service has always been great. This is a great place to go on a Sunday afternoon to sip champagne and people watch. The decor is awesome, looks very authentic, and they have a great patio that is perfect when the weather is nice. The prices aren't anything out of the norm for this type of restaurant and considering it is in the middle of Kierland, it is fairly unpretentious, something I love about it. One thing I have noticed, though, this would not be a vegetarian friendly restaurant. I am a bit of a picky eater when it comes to meat and sometimes I have trouble with the menu. But, that is with all French food, they like their meat. However, the staff has always been very accommodating to my eccentricities:) The onion soup is fabulous, by the way, and my friend loves their mussels, he gets them every time we go.
5	Great vibe and attentive staff.  Two must haves... the macaroni & cheese and the short ribs.  I am not much of a meat eater but you could feed me the short ribs every day (with a side of mac of course).  The wine list is extensive and updated often and the staff knows which wines to suggest.
5	ZINC is one of the most consistant places to eat in the valley.Zinc is the only place for a late lunch = bottle of wine and no time commitments! The entire menu is delicious and the decor makes you feel like your in a French bistro (especially once the wine kicks in).Weekend evenings are too crowded and busy. Go non-peak and savor the moments.
4	Ok, I went here a while ago so i dont remember exactly what i got. But it was along the line of steak. It was delicious. Very crowded atmostphere and noisy. Service, eh it was ok. But food was amazing! Check it out!
4	Gist:    Classy food and atmosphere at a reasonable price.   Service was decent.   Only downside is that the food is on the salty side.As out-of-towners during Thanksgiving we weren't really sure what to expect from Zinc Bistro.  But the review here looked great and we were staying across the street so we decided to give it a shot.  And I am REALLY glad we did.    Its got a good vibe to it - classy, but not stuck up, dim lighting so its kind of romantic, but spacious so you don't feel like you're right next to your fellow diners.    The dungeness crab crepe was amazing.  Two little crepes in a lobster sauce, a perfect appetizer size so you don't feel stuffed after the first course.  Definitely leaves you wanting more.   The purpose of this review is really to mention the Filet Mignon Sous Vide.  It was the most tender, flavorful mignon we have every had!  Granted I don't get filet very often, but for $30 something, I couldn't pass it up.  Our waitress kindly explained the Sous Vide cooking method.  The meat is slow cooked in a vacuum sealed bag, keeping all the juices soaked in the meat.  Delicious!   Must try it!We also had a french onion soup as well as the pork tenderloin.  I must say the downfall of this place is that their food is on the overly salty side.    So just prepare to drink a lot :)
4	My parents and I had a last minute change of plans on Christmas Day so we drove around looking for a place to eat dinner.  Luckily, we came across Zinc and they had an available table for us.  With the very small exception of my oyster appetizer coming extremely late, the service was perfect.  My mom enjoyed her swordfish, while my father and I both ordered the tenderloin topped with fois gras.  My favorite part of the dinner was the wine, which was very reasonably priced.  I selected a 2005 Chateau Gloria which drank beautifully at its youthful age.  The crowd can get a bit loud, but then again, it's a bistro and this was Christmas.  I can't wait to go back, drink more wine and enjoy more wonderful food.
4	When they were in construction I was miffed that they were removing the glass walls and installing the new facade.  I'm a lover of modern architecture and thought they were destroying the original Kierland design.  But after eating here I understood that they wanted a classic French feel, so I forgave them about the windows and settled into many years of fine food.  Great place for a non-hurried meal, good wine and good prices.  Save room for dessert--pre-order the chocolate souffle, I like mine drizzled with chambord liqueur.
3	Im a fan.  Their sliders are really good and the atmosphere is cool also.  If you go there during the day you can see the Real Housewives of North Scottsdale.
2	Approaching ZB for a sunny February lunch I was struck by the crowd at the tables outside seemingly trying their upmost to convince themselves they were in St Tropez and not the Keirland Commons shopping mall. It was such a motley crue of Burberry wearing Benz drivers that it was quite an effort not to burst out laughing. Needless to say I asked for a table inside!Greeted by a surly host we were shown to a table for two which in classic Bistro style was on the small side but it wasn't a busy Thursday so we had plenty of space. ZB has done a good job with the recreation of French bistro decor but you had the feeling it was more American French than French French. As if they had been to Bourdain's Les Halles in New York and tried their best to recreate the look and feel of his authentic bistro. I ordered Moules Marieniere with stringier then usual shoestring fries (frankly they were so thin they were worthless). The mussels were tasty and the buttery white wine sauce has a nice kick to it and stood up well to bread dipping at the end of the meal. The mussels themselves were a little rubbery but if you order seafood in the desert I always think you have to be forgiving.My fellow diner ordered a burger and the small taste I had was a delight, one of the best tasting burgers in some time and a nice lunch size, not huge so you wouldn't be weighed down for the rest of the day.This was my second visit to ZB. Last time I ordered a really unimpressive Duck Confit sandwich and so I was hoping it would be a better experience all round this time, sadly not ... should a burger be the thing that impresses you most at a French bistro?This joint is a classic example of having the look but not delivering the product. French bistro food should be fresh and simple but my second time here delivered just an 'OK' dining experience. Small things like the waitress pronouncing the 's' on Moules and the wine menu offering George DuBoeuf 'Morgan' when the wine is actually a 'Morgon'. If you are going to attempt French authenticity you should make sure the details are correct.The final reason I won't be back was when I turned round and saw the same surly hostess taking her shoe off and rubbing her foot before putting it back on and handling menus.Non merci.
2	This place is just ok for me.  Have been a few times and have yet to figure out what the attraction is.  They've done a good job on the interior and the look of the place (although a little cheesy to have the Eiffel Tower thing in the middle me thinks), and I like the bar space but the food and service are not worth going out of your way for.  I had the burger this time, which was good, and the fries would be better without all the stuff sprinkled on them.  But why do they not even have a Croque Monsieur/Madame on the menu?  Oh yes, now I remember why, because the last time I had it there it was just terrible - how can a French restaurant get a Croque Monsieur wrong??!?!  Maybe I wasn't the only one to send it back to the kitchen (and believe me, with me being English and oh so polite, it is rare I send anything back, but this is one of the few times I did).Anyhoo, you get the point, I'm not that keen.  But hey, I'm just one person.
5	love, love, love their basiled brie chicken sandwich and fries. the souffle is amazing. the mac and cheese is amazing. never been disappointed. only sad thing, not good for take out, the food gets soggy.
4	For a French wine bistro this place is not too shabby.  The restaurant has a nice, parisian ambiance and the food is excellent.  After really good suggestions from our waitress, I ordered the sous-vied filet w/ fois gras, my fiance got the scallops risotto and we split the onion soup.  I was initially hesitant about sous-vied meat, and since I'm from New England, I don't really get my hopes up with seafood in the desert--but both hit the spot!My one negative is the sloooow, but excellent service.  Good thing we had bread to chow on.
4	This is outside my area of town so I frequent ZB only a couple of times a year.  That said, I've done this trip for a few years and in all my meals I've yet to be anything but pleased.  ZB gets a lot of things right.  You might notice that all the salt and pepper shakers are placed in the same location at every table or that the wait staff answers questions with clarity and professionalism.  Both are examples of the standard of excellence exhibited by the owner of this excellent establishment.  I've had most of the salads here and always opt for the pommes frites.  Truly excellent.  If you love chocolate (and who doesn't?) order the chocolate souffle with your entree.  It's decadent, gooey and absolutely delicious.  The gripe with ZB is that it's so popular some people are turned off by the wait, scottsdale crowd, etc.  Don't be.  Zinc is the best bistro in town and worthy of a visit.  I'm sure you'll come back for more.
4	Best Mac & Cheese and Fries...WOW!  Nice quaint corner restaurant in the heart of Kierland!  Makes you feel like you're in Europe somewhere!  Staff is awesome, very friendly!!!  I believe they also part own the Mission, which I've been dying to try!!!???!!!
5	I have to admit, the first time I came here was a lunch of convenience. I'm traveling, and pulled into a mall with the idea "I'm so hungry, I'll eat anywhere". We came in, were seated, and went through the menu and I was in disbelief...mall food posing as French? Whatever, let's try it. We started with the cheese platter. Three cheese, 1 sheep, 1 goat and 1 cow and 1 waitress who didn't remember their names. That's OK because I'm really hungry at this point. The cheeses came with some meats, walnuts and olives and satisfied my immediate need. In perusing the menu, I came across a duck confit sandwich for like $12. Ordered! The food was excellent. The duck was crispy and served with garlic and onions. I gazed around and noticed the beautiful Zinc bar and awards the place had won. Wow! We stumbled into an excellent restaurant! So, we made a reservation and came back 2 days later for dinner which was also spectacular. The waitress was amused at my "stumbling in story" and couldn't believe I had not "heard of Zinc". She convinced me to try the Bacon wrapped pork tenderloin which was excellent. Again, we started with the cheese plate, and at night, they knew their cheeses. The dessert menu has a chocolate souffle, but I didn't have space. Cheese plate or souffle? Tough call. Their wine list by the glass is incredible. I was able to try several different wines with no premium for ordering by the glass. I wish more restaurants would do this. Last, the cappuccino is excellent! I can't wait to go to Scottsdale, again!
4	My roomie and I decided to go shopping at Kierland mall to torture and remind ourselves about all the money we DONT have.... And despite the holes in our pockets we decided to still divulge in the holes in our stomachs. A girl's gotta eat! We ended up at Zinc Bistro which is a french inspired restaurant. My roomie is vegetarian so she got a boring dish(the house salad) and I got the bistro boulliaise( I cant spell) and it was DELICIOUS! risotto and this soup and scallops, rock shrimp, and salmon although I did substitute salmon with more scallops. Service was decent and I loved the atmosphere. Not too over the top despite the uh giant lit up Eiffel Tower in the middle of the restaurant... Everything went well and I would love to go back there soon!
5	I really enjoy Zinc for dinner, but their lunch menu is amazing! They have a crispy duck sandwich that I absolutely crave sometimes. Their Zinc burger is also very good and the fries you can get compliment both meals very well. I do enjoy the dinner menu as well. I would suggest ordering the iceberg salad which comes with bleu cheese and then adding crab to it. It might seem out there, but boy is it worth it.
3	We went here for something most people don't order at a place like Zinc...the mac 'n cheese, which is becoming an increasingly popular item there. I was told it was the best in the valley. It was a great, comforting rendition to be sure, but I've made better myself. My friend ordered the dry packed scallops, which were delicious, but again, nothing to write home about. All in all, it felt a bit like zinc is trying to hard, or just can't decide of it's a quaint cafe/bistro, or wannabe fine dining. This feeling was reinforced by the holier than thou attitudes of the staff, and the very "rushed" vibe we got when dining an hour before closing.
4	Good place with a great selection of champagne and decent menu.  Typical Snottsdale crowd (materialistic, ordinary and boorish BUT wearing a Rolex and driving a German car because it matters to them).  Fun place which reminds me of Paris dans le desert (except for ze peeple).
5	Dinner last night had all the ingredients for misery if even one thing wasn't perfect.  The group I was with was full of picky eaters and loud complainers.  Zinc did everything right, service was amazing, and dinner was a huge success.  Put it this way - my son claimed his meal was "Like the second coming of Christ".  Uh - ok, at least he liked it!  Every item we ordered was amazing, from the flat iron steak to the chateaubriand for two to the lamb shank, from the chocolate souffle to even the green beans which turned out to be a hit, "Mom, I would eat your green beans if they tasted like this."  Zinc is a great date spot, but is also good for older children because there's a good selection of "normal" food and staff are accommodating to kid-like requests such as sauce on the side.
1	After several occassions of enjoying expensive wine on their patio, we were asked to leave after objecting to the blond Matre d's ecouragagement of smoking by females outside the restaurant doors. His attempt at flirting was more important to him than keeping customers and unfortunately we have many other fabulous options in the Kierland area for enjoying  dinner and wine.
3	I had dinner there for my B-day... Service was great... he helped us with the wine... Not to impress with the food... the asparagus were burn... the pate platter wasn't that good as it sound... Very romantic courtyard although it can get crazy depending who's seating next to your table... Not sure if I'll go back???
4	My husband and I went for dinner last night and really enjoyed our evening.  We started with the Ahi Steak Tartare.  I would come back for that dish alone!  I normally order the tartare where ever I go, but this has been my favorite!  As my entree I had the scallops and risotto and my husband the filet.  A little pricey, but good.  We ate indoor, but will probably try the garden next time.My husband ordered the french press coffee...just fyi...the open small white cup with the small spoon is not sugar, but salt! I ruined his coffee.  LOL
3	Ahhh... Zinc.  It's been a while since I have left Paris.  Being a resident and citizen there for so long, I would like to think I can spot a decent French fare.  I have now been to Zinc three times, every time I ordered something different, so far the food has not dissapointed as much as the prices have.  Wow.Okay, okay, you have a spot in Scottdale, it's a nice little posh area with plenty of traffic, designer furniture and nick-nack and artsy stores that typically have things that would require your to take out a 2nd mortgage to afford those things that often just gather dust, one season at a time at home.  You would think someone on that strip would be the one to say, let's have reasonable prices.  Zinc is not one of those.The restaurant has the name Bistro in it. They have folks dining out on the sidewalk, dining with noise and the occasional smell of BMW exausts...  That's beautiful and very Parisian, also very Bistro.  Here is a wake up call though... Bistros offer fares with decent prices, a prix fixe menu and simply good simple food.  The prices were incredibly high for what you do get.  Unfortunately the charm of having an outdoor patio and serving fries in fake newspaper doesn't cut it.    The Steak Frites (a hanger steak w/ fries and a brandy sauce) is a French Bistro Classic, a staple if you will and that was the only thing that was fairly prices for what you get.  But if you knew how much those cuts are to get from a supplier, you'd be asking questions about the prices even then.On two of those occasions we had cheese plates, it was more of a mix and match, you could pick from a few Chevres, Softs and hard cheeses,  they were incredibly small portions but the breads that came with the platter was very tasty, warm and fresh.  It is typically served with a ramkin of olives.So overall, sounds like I am bashing this restaurant, I am not but I am dieing to find a reason to go back because there is something good about it, the atmosphere, the lighting, the seasonal menu.  But little things keep me from enjoying Zinc.  Such as the time we sat at the secluded back part of the restaurant, the small courtyard.  Very charming, though some of the waiters, and cooks smoked right outside of the courtyard's gates.  The smell of cheap cigarettes and mumbled chatter caused us to ask for another table, when we did, we were all the sudden looked as "picky customers".  One more tip Zinc, you may want to get the mall janitor to move his trash can from the view of your utmost beatiful courtyard, such promise, undelivered due to tacky flaws that could have been prevented by an attentive manager or even a caring waite staff.Don't miss:  Dining in the courtyard, or the sidewalk.Skip: Specials that are simply trendy
4	My favorite place in Kierland, and I pretty much like all the places in Kierland.  Never had a bad meal (or drink).. (or dessert) there.. but my last experience was the best.  Dungeness Crab and Mushroom Crepes... fantastic. Chocolate Souffle - to die for.  For lunch the burgers are good (they dont' serve them for dinner, they discard the meat at 4pm to keep it fresh - thanks!).  They seem to have become a little saltier than in the past which I don't particularly think is plus.. but they're still very good.  The matchstick fries are great too.  Oh, and the key lime martinis.. mmmm.  You can sit in the main restaurant floor, the bar, the pretty courtyard or the patio depending on your mood and the weather.  I personally prefer the bar to the restaurant as the main room is a bit formal and the crowd tends to be older.  The outside patio is nice, weather permitting, too.  I can't say I've ever really been to a place like this in Paris, but I feel like there should be one.
4	Just ate here atmosphere was wonderful, the onion soup IS NOT THE BEST ITS JUST OK The truffle fries great the pate app also very goodgood drinks great bartenderand the cheese plate was excellentit's not cheap but it's good valueI would say when in ScottsdaleTRY IT!!
5	I have been going here for years and I love the place, great pates, mussels, and oysters.  Nice wines and wonderful service, when I am in town this is the place for me.
5	Was at Zinc again last night and have to say the place keeps getting better still.  Started with the crepes again, perfect again.  Then shared the scallops and lamb shank for dinner.  I'm not usually a huge fan of lamb OR scallops but they were recommended and I was feeling adventurous.  The lamb -  AMAZING.  Melt in your mouth wonderful.  More like a stew than anything with classic fall off the bone tender meat over creamy cheesy polenta.  Their bread is perfect French bread too.  This time of year (winter) there is a festive, buzzy energy with a good crowd but not TOO long of a wait.  Make reservations though for sure.  Oh, and Bobby's across the way in Kierland is a nice spot for a pre-dinner drink (400s Hollywood glamour meets The Jetsons with cool live jazz your parents or grandparents would have enjoyed back in the day).
5	This feels like a neighborhood bistro (much like the ones I have visited in New York).  The food is wonderful and the wine selection varies which I like.  My favorite dishes include:  Salmon, crab crepe, burger and ahi tartar -- but their menu changes often, so don't be surprised if you eat something you like and it's not there next time.
4	I probably would have given it a 3 star rating (very trendy and spendy not a "bistro" see review by TT) but my date loved it so I had better give it 4 stars. I had the lamb shank which was more than slightly over done. The scallops were however excellent. The mussel appetizers were good but pretty hard to blow that. Service was solid but a little slow. I had the house french bordeaux wine which was also good. They also have a nice Sancerre by the glass. The bar area looked "interesting" and was moderately crowded with elderly Manthers all hooked up with women half there age. Oh that famous Scottsdale bar scene!  I may return for a cocktail or three :-)......
4	Forgot to eat lunch at lunch time again.... Stopped by Zinc to find they were only serving from their afternoon menu but it looked good to us so we decided to give it a try.Can recommend the Zinc Burger....open faced with bacon and blue cheese...very tasty! The Pate was not quite what I expected...it was very flavorsome but I had expected a different texture and taste...it was served  as a slab that needed to be cut rather than spread...I also would have preferred a plain baguette rather than the marble bread that it was served with....the Bordeaux that I had was very good though...cannot remember the name and it is not on their online menu.But this is the BEST part .... Dessert! : ) Once again not meant to be ordering dessert till the holiday indulgences are paid for but oh well .... this was yet again one that was not meant to be missed....THE ZINC VALRONA CHOCOLATE SOUFFLE with warm Grand Marnier Sauce : ) .... Chocolate heaven. Their cappucinos are also very good and served with biscotti. Zinc is a lovely little spot whether you are sitting inside or outside and the staff are five star.
3	good service.  food was ok.  soup was not good.  souffle was GREAT!  also had the ravioli w/ox tail (eh) and foie gras risotto was ok.
4	Another Food Network find.... Supposedly the best thing cheesy "Chef Beau" ever had was the onion soup from here..... In looking at Zinc it boasts some local awards for its French cuisine... I am on vacation sure why not. Service Stellar. Frankie was super funny, polite and ensured we felt like we were his only table. The food: I did get the onion soup and it was good.Yes the crispy gruyere was yummy and the soup was good but not the best I have had....HOWEVER the scallops were probably the best I have had in a while. I got the scallops with black lentils and mustard cream... I give those two thumbs and a snap around the world. They were perfectly seared, sweet, buttery and huge. The lentils were firmer than I am used to but not unpleasant. The mustard cream was a perfect topper. We also got the parma/truffle fries were good. The fries were not greasy, crispy and the aiolis that accompanied them were a good complement. The curried chicken sandwich was well liked by my boyfriend. Other things ordered at our table: duck confit sandwich, chicken salad and house fries.  Overall: great place to grab some lunch, excellent service, don't believe the hype about the onion soup.
4	we were in n scottsdale yesterday and decided to have lunch we ended up at the zinc  bar in kierland commons not our normal m o but were always up for an adventure zinc was not our first choice but it was a good choice we ended up having thecheese platter a choice of 3 or 5 cheeses out of 9/10 to pick from served w/bread  olives in a warm olive oil....    yum... a modest portion of sliced meat some walnuts/apple/grapes a nice noche for 14/24 dollars a bottle of wine and great service at the bar which is where we sat
4	Was shopping at Kierland Commons when I stumbled upon Zinc Bistro. I was famished after doing some major damage shopping so I decided to stop in for a late dinner. Actually, I took notice Zinc as I was walking through the mall and coming upto it because of the music playing and the ambiance. I recognized the song being played was from the Hotel Costes collection (very French lounge/chill sounds)...so I was definitely going in.I sat at the bar and the bartender immediately brought over the menu. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Steak Tartare. I've had this dish numerous times, but this one was flavored heavily with cornichon, which I was not a fan of. I felt bad returning it but the bartender quickly noticed I wasn't eating it after I had mentioned to him earlier I was famished. He offered to bring me something else and recommended the Crab & Mushroom Crepes w/Lobster Sauce. O-M-G...they were phenomenal. I was so pleased...I even scraped the lobster sauce leaving NOTHING on my plate. For dessert, the bartender recommended the Beignets and these came with 3 different dipping sauces (chocolate, grand marnier, and caramel/dulce de leche type). The beignets were lightly powdered with sugar and were very light and fluffy with a crunchy outside. Perfection!!
4	I was in Scottsdale last week and went out for dinner at Zinc Bistro. (On a technical note, Zinc Bistro really isn't a "bistro" but is a "brasserie" which is fine as I am a big fan of a good brasserie. The atmosphere at Zinc Bistro is upscale but not pretentious, warm, inviting and energetic. It was Saturday night and the place was full with a nice mixture of people. We started out with the mussels and "matchstick frites" in white wine, leeks, toasted rosemary and French butter. Absolutely excellent. For our main course we both had the Seared Dry Pack Scallops Risotto. (This dish came so highly recommended, including a recommendation by the couple sitting next to us who couldn't hide their enthusiasm for this dish.) With our meal we enjoyed a bottle of Delaporte Sancerre. Not only did this Sincerre (which is quickly becoming my new "go to wine" ) pair wonderfully with our meal, but at $44 it was a bargain. Our server was very professional and the kitchen was accommodating. Not only did they split our chocolate souffle, but they cooked our risotto without the Spanish Chorizo it ordinarily comes with. Zinc will certainly be on my "must go" list next time I find myself in Scottsdale.
5	I was watching food network and they featured Zinc for their French Onion Soup.  I happened to be shopping at Kierland Commons with my mom and grandma and putting two and two together I stumbled upon Zinc.     Zinc is an adorable little French bistro great for lunch or an intimate dinner. We ate in their courtyard and they had flowers, candles and all sorts of unique decorative pieces to observe.    The food is as good as the bistro is cute! I had a amazing salad and we shared the souffle for dessert!  Next time I am going to try the soup!
4	I was contemplating dining here versus another restaurant a block away. The other restaurant's prices were comparable, but served Californian cuisine. Having lived there a few years, I opted for the French style fare instead. Shared a bottle of Wild Rock Pinot Noir, great value for the price. Tried the scallops, which were cooked perfectly. Shared some sides including the mac and cheese, asparagus, truffle fries and haricots verts. Can't remember what I had for dessert but do remember it was fudge-like.Service was great. Atmosphere was cozy. It was a nice, slow European style meal. I'd definitely come back.
5	My boyfriend was really excited about this restaurant because the French Onion Soup made it onto Food Network. Le boyfriend said he was impressed (although it took the 2nd try since the first try the cheese was not completely over the soup). So the mission was accomplished! In addition, the food was superb!Excellent location and I'm impressed that there was an alternate option to chain upscale restaurants in the Kierland Commons area. The food was all very yummy--from the dungeness crab salad, dungeness crepe, duck confit sandwich all in a casual atmosphere. They ask if you want fries for your order and unless you have more than 2 people or really like fries, it's a lot of fries although they are delicious. The chocolate cake dessert that my boyfriend and I had was also worth saving room for! We will definitely be back! There is also a 10% discount if you stay at the Westin Kierland!
5	Great cheese plate.  I have also tried the crab salad which is also very good
4	I adore the French culture and food, so therefore I like it already. Hehehe! =)The first time I came here, I had ordered this seafood tartare.  One had foie gras, which is fatty Goose Liver! Sooo good, but can only have a bite size.  Came with a side of duck frites, just fancier fries, but not sure if they drizzle like duck grease or something.Second time I had ordered a filet mignon with foie gras, was prepared well.  I also tried this crepe appetizer with lobster sauce! yum!Very very nice French decor! They got a nice, cute little garden area deep inside the restaurant for outside seating to remind you of Paris.  Oh, they have a small scale Eiffel Tower to light up the interior space of the restaurant to add a nice touch! =)
2	Overall: 2.0Ambiance: 4.5Food Quality: 4.0Food Quantity: 3.5Value: 2.5Conclusion - I may try again but this experience was such a let down I might spend my $ elsewhere instead.What I tried:Scallops -  2.0, NOT recommended!Cooked properly but the chorizo way 300% too overpowering on a dish that had all very light flavors. The executive chef should know better!!! I expected a 'hint' of chorizo, not half a sausage diced up and covering the risotto. Might have been a decent dish otherwise but who would know. Cheese Plate - 3.5, recommendedNice cheeses and noshing items - grapes, olives, garlic, etc. Would have scored higher but they need to increase the additional items (especially olives/garlic) a lot as there was not enough to go around for the 6 of us on the largest plate they offer. French Onion Soup - 2.5, so-soI've had much better. Maybe it was an off day or it was leftovers but it was bland and tasted like it was a few days old. I have had French Onion Soups from at least a hundred different establishments... It was not bad, but I'd not get again here.Braised Lamb Shank - 4.0, excellentThis was what I was was expecting from all the food. Well done in every way.Poppy Seed & strawberry souffle - 1.0, no flavor at allvery disappointing. I love poppy seed muffins and would have taken a muffin over this flavorless mash any day. The strawberry filling was lacking much flavor itself but what it did have 100% overpowered the nearly non-existent poppy seed flavor.
3	I went here for my birthday last year. I had walked by here numerous times and always wanted to eat here. Finally I did. The restaurant is pricey for dinner. If you want just a taste of it I recommend going for lunch. However, for dinner it was pretty good. Everything was a la carte of course and the mac and cheese was very good. They were also really accommodating of my sister who eats gluten free. I think it is too pricey for dinner and I was not totally blown away. I am eager to get back and try their lunch menu.
4	I've been here a million times and usually have lunch at the bar.  This is the classic french brasserie style restaurant.  With a nod to Balthazar restaurant in NY's Soho this is a fun place.This visit I sat at the bar and had the curry chicken sandwich on toasted sourdough.  I think that toasting the bread on any sandwich makes it better.  The sweet curry flavor make this sandwich a winner.Sean may be the best bartender in Scottsdale.  He is always friendly and very efficient.Definitely stop in here the next time you're at Kierland Commons.
2	I spotted Zinc Bistro while shopping at Kierland Commons and it reminded me of Balthazar in NYC, which I love, so I just had to come back back for dinner. From the beginning I really wanted to like Zinc Bistro however the service was pretty bad and the food was subpar at best. We came for a late dinner on a Friday night without reservations and were immediately seated at a lovely little table on the patio. The mood was festive and lively...so far so good. Unfortunately it all went downhill from there. Our server wasn't the least bit friendly, attentive or accommodating. The only times I actually saw her was when she took our food and drink order and dropped the check. She never checked if we wanted another round or how our food was. The food took forever after we placed our order, like 45 minutes, and once it was finally brought out it was not only wrong but cold as well. I was tempted to just leave and go a few doors down to The Greene House where I had a much more enjoyable lunch. Overall I wouldn't recommend Zinc Bistro for anything more than drinks and maybe a light snack. It has potential to be a charming brasserie but they really need to work on service and quality control.
4	Zinc Bistro is an interesting French brasserie style restaurant. They clearly went out of their way to give it a French feel with the interior decor. We had reservations, and were seated at a nice table in the back near the kitchen. We had a team of two servers (apparently they were training a new one), which was fine. Both very sociable. I ordered lamb shanks, and my mum ordered the scallops. To start we had the Zinc House Salad, which we asked to be split, and they did into two places (plus points for this). We ordered wine with dinner (I had a Bordeaux and mum had Vouvray), both our selections. The food was excellent. My lamb shanks were tender, and had a very tasty sauce. The scallops were also very tasty and the sauce it was in was very good. As we were dining, mum noticed that the banquette was dusty. We could see this because the sun was just at the right angle. This was a major issue at the prices we were paying for this meal, and really is a ding that this restaurant could have easily avoided (by dusting the banquettes daily??). Positives:  Great food, good service, nice atmosphere and decor. Negatives: Price, dusty banquette. GradesOverall:  B-   (This would be a "B+" however, the dusty banquette merits                       a grade reduction)Food:     B    - It was great food, but the prices were a little steep.                       The menu was also fairly limited. Drinks:   A-    - Good selection of wine here mostly French / Italian,                        and pricing is good. Beware though, no cheap wine here.Service  A-     - Our servers were social, and very nice. Formal table                          service akin to France. Plus points to our server for                         not recommending just the most expensive things on                          the menu.
3	We went to Zinc to celebrate my son's new job.  After having made reservations, I was a bit non-plussed at being seated one table away from the kitchen.  Aren't these the tables for late comers?  As is my usual practice on a first visit to any establishment, I just suck it up and wait to get on Yelp.   The servers were very good and friendly - a bit touchy - lots of shoulder taps - which was okay, I guess.   I really couldn't decide whether this bothered me or not.  For about ten minutes, we had the sun directly in our faces.  The servers suggested me move a little to be out of the sun and assured us that it would only be a few more minutes until the sun would be out of our eyes.  I guess they can't afford window coverings.  This is when I noticed the extremely dusty banquette - I even stood up and ran my finger through a healthy accumulation!  Good grief - I am sitting there, eating 32 bucks worth of scallops and staring at dust.  Geez.Food was good.  It was expensive.  I felt okay about the prices, though I was not wowed to the point that I would make this a regular place.  If you look at Marie-Eve's review, they came in late, without reservations and were seated in the PATIO!!! Maybe we should have done that.  The wine list is pretty good, but no bargains there.  I might give it  a go for lunch some day, since my son's new office will be near there.  Anyway, to make myself all better after this not so great experience, we went to Delux Burger for dessert and nightcaps, otherwise, I would have pouted all night.
5	One of the best restaurants in the valley for sure.  Food is amazing.  We had foie gras and squab appetizer, scallops, filet and fioe gras rossotto.  Everything was very good.  Very romantic atmosphere too.  Highly recommend.
5	I love this place and not just because it was the site of my 1st date with my BF.  It's quaint, romantic, and the food is generally excellent though we tend to order the same things every time - truffle pomme frites with 3 dipping sauces including house made ketchup, frisee salad, oysters, and any of their souffles.  The bar is fun though it can get loud.  We generally avoid the dining room unless we can sit next to the windows or the mini Eiffel Tower.  Several of the tables have an unpleasant view of the service area and are in the pathway of the restrooms.  Our favorite is the garden patio which has great ambiance with nicely situated tables, twinkle lights, plants, heaters or misters depending on the season.  Very romantic if you're not sitting near some of the loudmouth Scottsdalites who apparently are 'regulars.'  The front and side patios are fun too - great for people watching.  Service is generally good but can be spotty in the dining room. That's the only reason it's not 5 stars for me.  There's a great waitress on the patio - tiny, blond young woman whose name escapes me.  She knows the menu, always has great recommendations and is incredibly attentive to all her tables. Bar service is always fantastic.So happy to have this has our neighborhood French place - great food, great ambiance, great people!
5	Best restaurant in maricopa county bar none. If you know French food at all this is it.
4	I'm not a big fan of french cuisine, but Zinc is pretty good.We had their oxtail entree. There was not as much taste to it, not as flavorful as how the Chinese make it. Not sure if that's supposed to be how French makes the oxtail, or just so happen the one we got.The interior is very nice though, plenty of tables and very well thought out decorations.Prepare to pay quite a bit (since it is after all a French place).
5	Whenever we go to Zinc's, it seems like we have a good time.  Zinc's transports us to Paris, the noise, the smells, the flavors, it's all there!We have tried and enjoyed the Onion Soup (a must), the Prime Flat Iron Steak Salad, Dungeness Crab, Grilled Curry Chicken, Zinc Bacon Bleu Burger along with some of the Fruit de Mer.  I could go on but everything is really very good.  Just go, enjoy!
5	A little pricey, but we had a great New Year's meal. I'd definitely go again.
4	I really do like Zinc, if I could find the time I would go more often! Great everything, just go!
5	Our little crew was looking for a fun and different place to have a birthday lunch celebration. Zinc fit the bill perfectly. This french bistro is nestled in the center of Kierland Commons, well suited for a tasty shopping intermission. My two girlfriends and I each got something from a different section of the menu ( salad, sandwich, and entree) and shared a side of the mac and cheese. Everything was absolutely delicious and the service was superb. Our food came quickly and our server was friendly, funny, and helpful. My recommends:The Basiled Chicken and Brie SanwichMac and CheeseWe were even treated to a nice Brandy Alexander in honor of my friends birthday. Definitely worth many many visits in the future!
2	Over-priced and over-rated!  So disappointed.  In from San Diego and had heard good things.  Setting is cute, food is mediocre.  Short ribs fatty, moules, too much rosemary, salmon, fine, wine selection limited.  Chocolate souffle probably best part but at $200 would not recommend.
2	Service = good.  Food = bad.I ordered the scallops over chorizo risotto.    I would recommend not getting this as the two food main food elements created one salty dish.  2 other people in my party had ordered this and mentioned it was salty.  At the beginning of the meal, I thought it was just fine, but as I got to the middle and end of the meal, it was starting to get really difficult to eat.  Price - on the expensive side for the amount of food we got.  Scallop and Chorizo Risotto  + a Chimay beer = $55.Everyone was a little dressed up... missed that memo.  Dressed up meaning sports coat and dress shoes.Would I come here again?  Probably not, uncles I'm absolutely forced to go.
2	I'm not really sure how this places survives in this economy. It's overpriced with poor service and the food is mediocre at best. Stopped by today for lunch and we weren't even sure we had a food server it took him so long to get to our table. He was "rushed" through the whole meal.  When we asked him questions about the meal he acted like it was an imposition to answer our questions.  Items we ordered:   glass of white french wine, iced tea, bowl of french onion soup, basiled chicken and brie sandwich, chicken salad, creme brulee for dessert.  Our bill came out to 57.83.   This meal was not worth that price.   On the menu it stated the chicken salad had basil in it.  When I received the salad no basil.   I even asked the food runner if it had basil and she assured me it did.   I informed the waiter and he agreed they omitted it.    Bread is also not automatically brought to the table.   You must ask for it otherwise you're out of luck.   Food was also on the salty side.   I would not recommend spending your hard earned money here.   There are better places with great food and service for the price.
3	I have eaten here twice.  Menu is "all new" per the wait staff.  We were a table of three, last Saturday night.  No reservation, but we were able to get a table at around 8:00 pm.  Friendly reception.  Informative waitress. Prompt service.  Good wine selection, but pricy. I had a dirty martini. The glass was small, and the bar tender poured the martini with chunks of ice.  Really needed the drink ASAP, so I didn't complain, until the waitress brought my second.  NBD.Warm bread and butter to start.  Ordered the Ahi tuna "steak tartare." three spoon fulls of tuna mixed with a pickle relish.  Was "okay." Prefer the Ahi tuna app. at Eddie V's.For a "French" bistro, we found a lot of "non French" items to order.  My wife had the Seared Dry Pack Scallops atop dollops of risotto (Spanish).  Four large scallops cooked perfectly.  I found them yummy, she found them bland and "ok."  We agreed roasted corn should never be paired with scallops. Our guest had the braised lamb shank.  The sauce was more middle eastern than french.  But the dish was yummy and hardy.  Tons of flavor (way more than the boring scallops). The lamb was served with corn bread frittatas, that looked like big fries.  One of the dipping sauces was heavy on the cumin...more middle eastern than French.I had the Scottish Salmon on butter poached asparagus.  Standard Ocean Club sized portion.  Perfectly cooked medium.  Perfectly cooked asparagus, and drizzled with an appropriate amount of "mushroom and truffle emulsion." Aren't truffles mushrooms? Anyway, the meal was delicious...Service: excellent. bartender should be more careful, and NEVER serve a martini like a slushi. I wasn't at 7/11.Food: creative, but maybe more "European" than "French" or "Parisian." Flavorful, but pricy.Value: not so good.  Drink and food marked up perhaps more than should be.Ambiance: very pretty place to eat
4	Lovely place.Food is very nicely preepared.  I have had a few of their chicken dishes, short ribs, lamb, and their omlette a couple of times.  Service is always stellar and on the warm side of professional.One of my favorites for a nice evening out.
5	Amazing. Everything my wife and I had was fantastic. Also our first time trying foie gras which is now my number one favorite food. Highly recommend this place.
4	3.5 stars. As I promised, I'd try Zinc Bistro again during the next Scottsdale run. Again, the food was excellent and the choices so very French.The menu has changed with the seasons and I thought the service had dropped off a bit. Still a 4 star in a mall---if you consider Kierland Commons just a dressed-up mall, as I do.
5	Why do birds suddenly appear?  Every time you are near (in the garden room cause their waiting for you to feed them) Just like me they long to be close to you (especially when you start feeding them bits of fries)  This place is amazing especially the garden room.  I wish I had a better camera phone, but just one small shot of the place doesn't do it justice.  The Food is awesome - had me a Duck Confit sandwich and a side of fries.  Yum yum yum all the way (didn't feel right feeding the birdes duck so I didn't -- it's your cousin man!)  Service was top and on the ball.  They were there when I needed them and they were gone when they needed to be gone :) Zinc Bistro thumbs up! - Enjoy
4	Reminiscing about my dinner at Zinc Bistro makes me feel all melty, like slipping into a hot bath... Very decadent. I had the onion soup - it's remarkable how when onion soup is not loaded with salt it actually tastes oniony! Followed it up with the duck confit. I preferred the sliced duck rather than the crispy duck, but both were delicious, and the risotta was out of this world. Do I want the souffle? Yes please! We had the chocolate with Grand Marnier sauce, and the kitchen pre-divided it before baking so we each had our own perfect portion.Two small complaints:1. Despite having a reservation, our party was seated in the crappiest table in the house - the booth next to the kitchen door. We were promptly moved as soon as we requested it, but the worst table in the house should never be given to a (extremely polite) party with reservations. Save it for your rude, self-important, entitled Real Housewives of Maricopa County walk-ins.2. The butter for the bread was rock hard. That's one of my biggest restaurant pet peeves, and it irritates me even more when it happens at a restaurant of this calibre. I need full and equal butter distribution on my bread. One giant hard chunk in the middle, or a wad of bread shredded by trying to spread icy butter, is a total buzzkill. It's the little things, guys.
3	3.5 for my first visit..I've passed by this place for i don't remember how many times, and it finally came to the time that i decided to try it after several friends' recommendations. Restaurant decor is pretty standard bistro looking (?), and the little (well, not that small) Eiffel tower in the center gives a bit more of French taste, though i'd much prefer the patio seating with people watching.Food was great, we had the Scottish Salmon with asparagus and the Braised Lamb Shank. I really liked the salmon, slightly sweet with fresh asparagus, a delight dish with mild flavor. The lamb shank on the other hand was very flavorful, and somehow with the strong lamb taste too...Now come to dessert, I'm a big fan of souffle, and of course we had to order the chocolate souffle..I was surprised that the waiter offered to split our souffle because they can make it to a smaller size and that takes less time to bake (normal size takes about 25mins)..i mean really? I'd like my regular-sized souffle, please! And to be honest, i've had a lot better ones. This one turned out more like a chocolate cake rather than the soft fluffy souffle, the bittersweetness dark chocolate saved the cake, i couldn't imagine if it's sweet milk chocolate. I've heard good things about Zinc's lunch, especially the duck sandwich, hmm, I love duck, so it's on my to-go list for 2011!
4	Yummy for my tummy. I was here for  a special lunch with my coworkers and let me tell you this place was PACKED! I was happy I made reservations because it was was butt cheek to butt cheek packed. I order the Crispy Duck Confit Sandwich that was so good, if I was at home I would have licked the plate. The regular house fries were delicious to the point that we were almost fighting over the last one. Sad but true. The chocolate souffle was just ok considering that they talked it up to be something great. I was expecting amazing but it was just ok. I will definitely be back for lunch or dinner real soon. I have got to try that French Onion soup because it looked and smelled amazing.
3	09/23/10My first of two Restaurant Week 2010 experiences began at Zinc Bistro.  Let me preface that I took Mom w/ me, and it was this meal's experience that I have learned never to take her to a place that ranks higher than a "moderate" in terms of costs.  It doesn't matter that she's not the one paying, and I refuse to let someone, not even my mother, dissuade me from enjoying a great meal!We'd arrived 30 minutes before dinner service, and Mom was already hungry.  I tried stalling for about 15 minutes, looking over the off-hour menu for something for her to nibble on.  (We also found it difficult to flag down someone to help us during our stay here, even though it wasn't busy!)  I decided I'd get her the open-faced Zinc Burger, which was listed at $13.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zinc-bistro-scottsdale?select=MgpZeM3N2f8wi6EuEbjd3A#MgpZeM3N2f8wi6EuEbjd3A  The menu didn't list a side dish accompanying it, so I asked our server if there were any fries or salad that came w/ it.  No was the answer.  This angered my Mom, who did not wish for me to pay $13 for just a burger.  She only had the ambience (of which she thought wasn't great) and the arrogance of our server to go on; I knew of Chef Matt Carter's reputation, as well as Chef Beau MacMillan's endorsement of the best French onion soup (at Zinc Bistro) he's ever tasted on Food Network's episode of Best Thing I Ever Ate: Cheesy.  Those 25 minutes waiting for the burger to arrive were the longest 25 minutes I've ever experienced in my life, no exaggeration!  Thank God that when the burger finally did arrive, that it was a VERY tasty burger!  Of course, she wouldn't admit this to me.  No... I only learnt of her approval when our server had asked us later on if we were enjoying our food-- a very enthusiastic yes was her reply!My restaurant week meal thus followed: 1st course: Smoked Scottish salmon tartare- green apple, creme fraiche, and toasted brioche.  A truly lovely dish to gaze at, and even more wonderful to taste!  I loved the texture of the salmon- very creamy, and the cubed hard-boiled eggs added some fun mouth-feel!  This dish made me think I was eating salmon sushi w/o the rice!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zinc-bistro-scottsdale?select=z--Qcv88vRbjCa_KUDY7Hw#z--Qcv88vRbjCa_KUDY7Hw2nd course: Seared Ahi Tuna- preserved lemon creamy orzo, roasted beet, and fennel.  Another winner!  Great presentation-- seared ahi tuna chunks, w/ red centers atop wonderfully creamy orzo (Mom's first time trying orzo... she loved it!), with a beet reduction glazing the dish.  Really enjoyed the meaty tuna chunks, which tasted fresh-from-the-sea and not "fishy" at all.  Again, the orzo added great texture contrast to the meaty fish-- I enjoyed this dish so much, I had the leftovers for breakfast the next day! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zinc-bistro-scottsdale?select=SHDk_-fvZRXr4O82qOEKFg#SHDk_-fvZRXr4O82qOEKFg3rd course: Apple "Tart Tatin" Brown Butter Caramel, which really wasn't a tart tatin.  It wasn't even a pie, which was a bit disappointing.  It consisted of a cake that looked like angel cake but had the texture of a pound cake, apple-flavored, and quite dry.  Not even the brown butter caramel sauce nor the house-made ice cream could save it. :( [I was told it was either a cream cheese, sour cream, or buttermilk- based, but all I tasted was vanilla.]  My favorite components of this dessert were the three, caramelized and very thin-sliced pieces of apple.  We also enjoyed the French-pressed coffee, which also came w/ one piece of biscotti each, that I chose to accompany this "tart tatin."  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zinc-bistro-scottsdale?select=M8rhOQyLbDHHNTSq7nF6gw#M8rhOQyLbDHHNTSq7nF6gwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zinc-bistro-scottsdale?select=sXKSvx7P8pLPKLeZPdLHeQ#sXKSvx7P8pLPKLeZPdLHeQ4 stars overall for the food, and less than 3 stars for the arrogance and absenteeism of our server and for the ambience.  (We didn't like the flow of the rooms: the tables were too close to each other, and while there was a lovely mini-Eiffel Tower on display, on its base sat containers filled w/ artificial sweeteners- a bit tacky, I thought.)  I wouldn't mind ordering the Zinc burger again, but please add a side dish to it!  And lose the arrogant servers.  Unless, of course, they have sexy French accents to go along w/ their dispositions!  (Pa dum dum!)
5	FRENCH BISTRO STYLE STRAIGHT FROM PARIS. FINEST QUALITY MODERN FRENCH TO BE HAD IN PHOENIX.In the vast wasteland that is North Scottsdale, there are but few jewels among the cookie-cutter chains. Zinc Bistro stands in defiance of those mere reflections serving the most excellent of haute cuisine in its stalwart selections at lunch or dinner.Whether it be TRUFFLE OMELET or the ZINC BURGER or the newly added TOMATO BISQUE or the perennial CRAB SALAD (ladies-who-lunch revolted when chef updated the presentation), combined with the fabulous bread (served on request), a glass of Chateau Greysac, and the heavenly CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE SOUFFLE (don't forget to order it in advance), it's a meal fit for a proper two-hour French luncheon.The daily specials never cease to amaze. Just be sure to arrive by 11:30 if you hope to get one; they go fast!My other favorites include the scrumptiously delicate and rich SCALLOPS WITH LENTILS, the PRIME FLAT IRON STEAK with a delectable reduction and aromatic rosemary, and of course, the ONION SOUP GRATINEE.Chef Carter's pedigree shows in his food, meticulously prepared: Cordon Bleu, Chef Christopher Gross (of Christopher's, now at the Biltmore Fashion Park), and Chef Dennis KellerNot to be missed. Whether you find yourself in Kierland town or looking for an excuse to explore what used to be Frank Lloyd Wright's "desert view" turned city, Zinc Bistro is the crown jewel.
3	This is one of those restaurants that has been on my list of places to try so when a friend suggested meeting here for lunch, I was ready!My husband started with the French onion soup which he said was full of onions, cheese, and flavor.  He then had the chicken salad sandwich which he said was very good.  I had the "cool Dungeness crab, lime, pickle, chopped egg salad".  It came on a very long plate which made the portion size look bigger than it was (it was still a good-sized salad).  The salad was very good, although it could've used more crab in it.  We had to request bread, which was yummy.  I really enjoyed lunch here, although lunch for the two of us did cost more than the dinner we had in Glendale a few hours later.  I will definitely be back, but it'll have to be a special occasion in order to justify the cost.
2	A pleasant place in Kierland Center, but has gone down hill from earlier visit.  Good house wine by the carafe, we had the French Merlot.  Very inconsistent food quality.  I had the spinach and frisee salad.  The poached egg was overcooked, so no yolk to add the a very dry salad.  No enough bacon fat to wilt the salad properly.  An average quality lamb shank without any evidence of the olives and other seasonings promised.  My friends filet of beef was ordered medium rare and served med. well.  Rather dry.  They refused to subsitute for the brussels sprouts, then the waiter came back and said they could do it after all.  Desert souflles were ordered by two diners, both were dry and flavorless.  They need to pay more attention in the kitchen.  Overall, a very average experience at above average pricing.
4	I give Zinc 4 1/2 Stars.  I have been to Zinc three times now - Once for a lovely date dinner, once for lunch with my mom, and once with the BF for an anniversary lunch. The first time we went we did the whole appetizers, meal, dessert, wine.  It was lovely and tasty evening.  Service was spectacular. Both lunches were up the the same level.  But this last time we discovered the key to what put this place over the top for me. We decided to split the shaved chicken salad and house frites. I had a glass of savignon blanc.  Very enjoyable lunch to enjoy while soaking in some January Scottsdale sun.  So we added on dessert - the apple dessert.  It was delicious and will be one of my favorite apple desserts available at a restaurant.  It is a moist apple cake, with carmel crisped apples at the side and a light with wonderful flavor gelato at top.  So wonderful. Zinc is wonderful - would fully recommend.
5	Zinc Bistro -- very French.  Indeed a favorite of mine.  Love the onion soup and the chocolate souffle; good bread and French style butter -- a slab -- not that whipped garbage.  I ask for French slab of butter everywhere I eat and some places say it is not available.  I always say "ask the chef."And, suddenly it appears.
5	Ate here again, last night.  stop # 3 after Parc central and Prime Bar.California squab and foie gras.  "young domestic pigeon," per wikipedia.  WAY better than KFC. i felt a little, gulp, guilty eating "young domestic pigeon," but that passed as a turned to the force fed duck (or goose) liver:  foie gras.  I think cafe bink's foi is better, but the pairing was FRENCH.  I've had less "French" dishes here, and this one was French.  Y.U.M.M.Y. vegans, ummm, well, i got nothing.Roasted dungeness crab and mushroom crepes.  food porn.  not steamed, but "roasted" crab.  though it had a sauce (lobster sauce), the crepe "held up," and didn't break apart.  the crab, crepe, mushroom had an orgy in my mouth and the lobster sauce just brought it all together.great drinkswaiter and busers greatnice to see owner terry ellisor making the rounds (i hear he used to cook)food "eat here," super yummy.
4	This place was awesome!  The ambiance is sooo pretty (I am obsessed with the huge, lighted Eiffel Tower in the center of the room...just trying to figure out how to sneak out with it), and service was excellent.  I came with 5 other gabby girlfriends for dinner at 7:30, and we chatted our way through apps, dinner, drinks, and beyond.  When the bills came, all were separated individually for us, and the server made sure to let us know that gratuity was already included.  Even with the disclaimer,  several girls tipped more than the allotted amount, and the manager came back to the table with the bills to verify a SECOND time that we knew gratuity was already included (I was WAY impressed with this).  What stellar service!  After the bills had been paid, we continued to chat for almost an hour before realizing that they had probably closed at least 30 minutes prior, and we were the last table in the restaurant.  No one said a word, or made us feel as though we needed to leave (which we did immediatly when we realized our faux pas), and in fact gave us a friendly farewell when we left.  I will say the place is pretty spendy (try about $28-$55 for an entree, and all ala carte), but worth it for special occasions, especially when the service is so great.  The menu was interesting and enticing, and everything I tried was delicious (INCLUDING the Mac N Cheese!!)  I will definitely be saving up some money to come back soon!
4	After days sight seeing the Grand Canyon, Navajo National Monument, Monument Valley, Canyon De Chelly, Petrified Forest/Painted Dessert, Sedona and eating okay food - Zinc Bistro hit the spot.  Ordered the french onion soup and duck sandwich.  Both of them were great!
5	I'm in town on business and stopped in Zinc Bistro for lunch, per a friend's recommendation. I'm a sucker for duck, so it's no surprise that I was completely enamored with the crispy duck confit sandwich. It was prepared superbly - every bite was to be enjoyed!I got a side of the fries. The fries themselves were good (nothing spectacular, but when ARE fries spectacular?), but the sauces they came with were outstanding. One appeared to be a "fancy" ketchup (small tomato chunks! seasoned!) and one was a mysterious cup of heaven. I devoured it, despite my best efforts to look respectable.The service was similarly outstanding. My waiter, (Jason B? I could be wrong - skimmed the receipt for a name) suggested a great wine, was prompt, charming, and let me sit and enjoy my meal without pestering me as some other waiters are apt to do. I sat outside and enjoyed the fantastic weather - it wasn't loud, and everyone kept their conversations to themselves. It was a polite, slightly upscale crowd and everyone seemed to have a good time.I will absolutely come back here next time I'm in town - and I will enthusiastically recommend it to friends and colleagues.
4	Good food, a little expensive for what you get.
3	If I had never gone to this place for lunch this would probably be a four star review. Unfortunately, my last two experiences have been 2-star lunch time experiences. It's lunch, people! We don't have time to wait 45 minutes for our food! Both times the servers took their sweet time acknowledging that we'd been seated. Both times the food was ultra slow coming out (I actually thought the girl forgot to put the order in the first time this happened). A couple months ago I sent a drink back because there was a bug in the glass and the waitress actually rolled her eyes at me. This time even the food was mediocre - over-broiled onion soup and over-dressed salad that, despite the very fancy description, was just a Caesar salad. Oh, and they forgot to bring the drinks for half our party. My recommendation - go for dinner and stay far far away from lunch. The dinner menus is better and they usually have great specials. The wine list is worth checking out. And it seems they put their more experienced (or just their less apathetic) servers on the dinner shift.Also a bright spot - the food runners and bus staff. More than once now they have offered to go get my server or check on my food. I feel bad, because they probably get tipped out off the crappy tips that people leave the wait staff.
1	Service here sucks.I love the food still.But the service is so bad, I never want to come back.Honestly.Sorry Zinc, ya'll need to get new servers or some shit.  AWFUL service. AWFUL management.
1	Had heard a lot of great things about this place, so the hubby and I decided to try it for Valentine's Day this year.  Not sure what happened in the communication, but I am sure that we won't be going back.To start out with, I was upset about the FLYING COCKROACH that crawled out of my salad.  I had to flag down three waiters to remove the item from my table.  No one wanted to help until I actually found my own waiter.  They replace the chopped salad with a new one, which was mediocre at best.  After the salad and before the entree, ANOTHER COCKROACH walked off of our table, which is when I yelled for help.  The owner came by and made a joke of it; there was no apology.  In retrospect, I should have walked out.  Perhaps I'll just call the Department of Health?
5	had a fantastic/delicious experience at zinc. i went with a friend for lunch, we were seated promptly and our charming and downright adorable server, aubrey, was helpful and wonderful. she made great wine pairing suggestions and made the experience delightful.as a non-meat eater, i had to be choosy, but the kitchen seemed accommodating and everything was divine. down to the last bite of two mouth-watering desserts.
4	The charm of this bistro reminds me of being back in Paris. I had the croque madame avec petits frites! C'est magnifique!!! I will definitely be returning.
1	Ok I will be short but what I have to say is not so sweet. I am astounded that this place is still in business.  We went this last Saturday night and were treated horribly. After an hour of waiting for our food and not having been acknowledged by our waitress. My husband & I got up to leave. (The people next to us had fininshed thier meal and they had been seated 20 minutes after us.) We asked to speak to the Mgr. He did not come, only sent the bill for our food ( that we never had recieved) and said that he would have it wrapped up for us to go. When we stated that we wereonly going to pay for what we had been served the Mgr (then suddenly appeared &)   said that he was going to call the sherrif. I think everyone has expereinced bad service but this place literally takes the cake.
4	Another great lunch, here. We started with their excellent cheese plate and each ordered a salad. Mine was a salmon salad, which was different: It was 50% salad and 50% a sandwhich. Interesting and maybe a little light. We also ordered the crabmeat salad which is a much better choice, assuming one of hungry!Again, very good food and excellent service in the wonderful location. We got to sit on the patio for the first time ever, and really enjoyed this venue!
1	All I'm going to say about this place is that I've seen the workers multiple times in the trash area at Kierland Commons storing/preparing food back there. Items included lettuce heads, breads, and macaroni and cheese. DISGUSTING. I'm not making this up.  Unfortunately, I contacted Health Services about this, and when someone came to inspect the trash area there was no food back there.(I, along with co-workers, noticed this on the daily back in high school when I worked at Cold Stone).
5	Another spot I love & can't stay from!!A foodie's absolute delight! Modern, but classic French, with an occasional twist.This is another place that my husband and I  frequent regularly, order something new every time and love every time.I adamantly never ate pork until I relented and tried the fig & espresso pork belly at zinc last year.  And I have to say I've seen the other side!! Amen, hallelujah!!  Pork belly is absolutely as heavenly as people make it up to be...The scallops & chorizo are amazing, short ribs, sword fish, crab crepes, omg!!  Just order and you'll do fine!
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants and I always go when I'm in Scottsdale! I would give this 5 stars but am reluctantly giving it 4 stars because it seems the service has gotten a little spotty. It's not that the service is bad but you really notice when it's "ON". They've spoiled me on past visits so I may have unrealistic expectations. Seems unfair doesn't it? The food is consistently good. The crab and mushroom crepes are always a hit and the chocolate souffle is a treat! For entrees, I always order something new and have never been disappointed. Their specials are always good. It's great fun to sit outside and people watch while you're eating.
4	I had a truly lovely lunch at zinc with a friend while shopping in the commons. I was blown away by the delicious cheese plate and have craved it ever since. The scallops were bright, beautiful and yummy. I especially loved the four older ladies lunching at the table next to me, all of whom had ordered the chicken curry salad sandwiches! I'll have to try that next time.I had excellent service, from the drinks to the desserts. If i lived closer, I'd be a regular.
5	Been here a number of times and just haven't gotten around to writing the review....Noticed that a number of people rated this place very low.  The only negative thing I have to say is that it is expensive.  But it is in North Scottsdale, in the heart of Kierland.  What did you expect?I love the pate, and the duck entree is fantastic.  The last time I was there my date had the fish (a special that is not on the menu) that simply melted in your mouth.  I will be back.
4	Great food and classy feel.  Walked in not knowing it would be a $200 meal for 2 but rolled with it.  Stands outs were the charcuterie and cheeses.  Good wine by the glass selection and a scallop dish that was seriously one of the best I have had in a very long time.  Good eats at elevated prices but with great quality.  Not bad for a Monday, but even better for a romantic Friday.
3	I have been here several times.  Food is always good and the service always sucks.
1	I wish I had better things to say about this place but I don't! The atmosphere is wonderful as we sat in the courtyard. However, our server was terrible. He rushed us to take out order and he had a nasty attitude to boot. We ordered a bottle of wine and had soup and salad. My soup was great but our salads weren't anything to write home about.  Once I got home, I checked my account balance and out waiter charged me twice for the meal! Wth!
5	The pork belly was phenomenal, in addition to the filet with foie gras.  The pork belly was actually the best I have ever had.  I will be returning to order both of these items again.
5	On Saturday, a friend and I hosted a surprise baby shower in the Garden Room... which we made the reservation around the end of February. We first tried Arcadia Farms, (awful response and not helpful), then went to the Farms at South Mountain, (Ok if want to sit at picnic tables outside with a buffet of sandwiches), and then we had the idea to try Zinc Bistro. The moment we walked in to discuss our plans they were extremely helpful and we knew we found the right place and it would be fabulous. The staff was exceptional, we wanted for nothing during our event; the food selection they help select for the event was fantastic and accommodated everyone's taste. Since we had a large party, they even choose not to seat anyone else in the room to give us some privacy... their choice, not ours. To accommodate us, they made suggestions to make the event even more personal by setting up a cheese table and later changed it out for our cupcakes instead of taking up more room on our tables. It was the little things that made the event so special and we never felt rushed to leave so they could seat other guests. At the end of the event everyone commented how lovely it was, what a perfect setting, and how impressed they were with Zinc Bistro's staff, and the delicious food. As for previous comments on price, I found this very reasonable for the quality and selection. It would have cost us more at the Farms in South Mountain for a stack of sandwiches, and Arcadia Farms starting price was absurd. I highly recommend contacting Zinc Bistro for your next intimate lunch or dinner, or large event. I wouldn't hesitate to come back again and again... Thank you Zinc Bistro for everything, it was perfect!! Special thanks to Cat Frankel, who helped coordinate, and Frankie our server, who everyone fell in love with.
5	I've had lunch at zinc bistro at least 20 times, during the three out of the last six years I wasn't overseas, and only ever ordered the duck confit sandwich, because it is so exceptionally outstanding. However, I try to get dinner there at least once a month, and have never been disappointed in the slightest. Recently I've had rabbit there, and a lobster special that came with ravioli that were the shape and color to my sinicized eye, due to the superior quality of their wrappers and sauce they were served in, of dried stewed abalone. They weren't any less precious or savory. It's a restaurant where it's hard to recommend one dish over another because of the uniform excellence, so have whatever appeals to you, and don't be afraid to try something new, because it will surprise you with just how good it is.  You will become convinced that it is one of the very best restaurants in the state. They've got a tarte tatin, which is a sort of french apple cake-tart, served with cream that has just the slightest, most surprising and delicious hint of brie in it. So if I have to recommend something beside eating duck sandwiches there every chance you get, then I recommend that.
4	Very good, but not as good as it once was.  A few years ago I would of given 5 stars.  Great oysters.  The cheese, fruit and nut appetizers are still wonderful.  When making a reservation, make sure to ask for courtyard seating.
4	Lunch at Zinc today, we get there every year or so.No problems - good, friendly service. Everything seemed well prepared and fresh.
5	I had lunch here with some clients, and fell in love with their fries! I think we had sweet potato fries and truffle oil fries, very yummy! Along with the fries that were almost a meal, I had the Zinc house salad with goat cheese, the dressing was so delish! Great spot for lunch or dinner, GREAT decor, very hip!
4	This atmosphere at Zinc is strangely casual for what many would consider an expensive, upscale restaurant. The walls are busy, the ceiling is jammed with fans and enough lights for you to question why it's dim inside. There is a rather tacky eiffel tower in the center, but the cuisine of this place isn't very French at all.The food was good, a bit salty, but good. The spinach and frisee salad was very simple. The egg on top was perfectly poached and the dressing was great. The cheese selection was good, as was the drinks. Some of the meat was improperly served ( cuts that should not be sliced), but tender. Overall, a good dinner but overpriced IMO. It was not special or delicious enough to warrant the high price tag.
2	Service:  For a lunch hour it was the place to be!  However, we split to items on the menu and it took for EVER!  We ordered a salad to split and a hamburger.  We sat for a good 15 minutes between finishing our salad and the delivery of our hamburger.  And it was a bit frustrating when then table that sat down next to us was brought their meal way before ours came out!Quality of Food: My grandmother and I got the house salad to split and a hamburger.  The salad was brought out on separate plates; a bit smaller than I had thought...and definitely glad that I didn't get it just for lunch.  The hamburger was small!  Not cooked to our liking.  While they did take it back and "re-cook" the burger it seemed dry when it was brought out again.  Service: it was OK.  When we brought our problem to the manager's attention she blamed the kitchen and how their ordering system worked.  I really didn't buy it as I had worked in restaurants before.  To her credit, she did take care of the meal.Cleanliness: The restaurant seemed clean; it was the restrooms that were in need of attention!
3	My wife and I went here for dinner last night.  It was a Monday night at 8pm and the place was not too busy at all.  There were only 3 or 4 other parties in the place so we were seated quickly.  The decor of the place is actually pretty neat.  I got the "France" vibe even though I've never been there before.  It also goes without saying that I'm not super experienced in the ways of French cuisine.  While almost everything on the menu looks decent and pretty unique to my American eyes, but my wife and I decided to try something simple.  We split the flat iron steak.  It was very good and perfect to share.  We also shared the truffle and Parmesan fries and they were AWESOME.  I also had the iceberg salad to start and it was unique and delicious.  I would get it again.I know, I know - I didn't go all out and order some hardcore French cuisine.  Next time I come I promise I will be more adventurous.The service was friendly but a bit off.  Our waiter asked if my wife wanted more wine which she declined because she had 1/2 a glass left.  When her glass was finished, they took it away and didn't ask if she wanted another to accompany her entree (which she would have liked).  Also, a half hour went by after our salads until our entree came and there was no sign of our waiter who seemed to abandon us.  The place was almost dead by now so it was odd.All-in-all it is an ok place and I would return.  I'm not sure if I'm going to rush back but I'm not crossing it off my list just yet.
3	The food itself is ok. The dessert is to die for and the atmosphere is awesome. A favorite place to have.dessert and wine at the end of the night
2	So I ordered a chicken plate and 10 mins later they came out and told me they were out of chicken ... at 5 pm ???? they owner never came over or the Manager to say anything.... I thought it was Rude!
4	Stopped in randomly for lunch with my dad, and had an AWESOME meal! The decor is super cute and instantly makes you feel as though you've been transported to a bistro in Paris. The menu is sophisticated (but isn't stuffy), and they actually serve French cuisine - not some American idea of French food.Try: The salad with salmon puff pastries (can't remember the name!)
3	Good food most of the time. I have not had a bad meal there. It does not wow my socks of or anything but I would go back for sure. The owner is a bit of an idiot at times, drinking and hitting on girls in the bar is pretty inappropriate but I guess he can do what he wants.
4	I have been here twice.The fist time I went with my husband for dinner. It was the first place we dined after moving here from Chicago. As always we started with the oysters which were good quality and delicious. He loved his French Onion Soup as well. I had a special, the Halibut which had a lovely and inventive presentation. The only issue was the seasoning. I do not think it was seasoned at all. My husband had the same issue with the Short Ribs.  Maybe the kitchen just missed a step.  I do not like things over seasoned but this was bland.  The  Zinc Valrona Chocolate Souffle was simply amazing. I am not a chocolate lover, except for souffle. It was the perfect exclamation point to our dinner. I went for lunch with my mother who only eats plain burgers, plain chicken and pasta with marinara. I don't know how she manages to stay thin. We settled on Zinc. I had a grilled chicken sandwich with a lovely arugula and tomato and a light sauce.  She of course had a plain burger which she raved about.  We split an order of frites, that were crisp and full of flavor. I loved the spicy sauce! I love the bistro decor and the service was good on both trips.  Glad I live close!
1	DON'T EAT HERE ! This place was so dark! I couldn't read the menu! I asked both the waiter and the manager if we could turn up the lights and they just said no. They brought me a flashlight to read the menu!  Stupid and just plain silliness. The guy and his girlfriend had to get out their phones to read the menu.  We walked out.**NOTICE** the trending details for this place has gone down dramatically over the past 4 months.  What does that say!!  Service sucks.** NOTICE** One of the reviews mentions that there was a COCKROACH just not once but TWICE in someone's salad. Health department needs to come out to this place.
1	As a general rule it is a bad sign when a restaurant is too dark to read the menu (and presumably see your food). Another general rule is that a waiter starting with a terse "no" will lead to a bad evening. Lastly the manager not acknowledging an issue and even trying to deflect it indicates that no good will ever come from the dinning experience. Fortunately we left before getting started and am better for it.Having researched Zinc Bistro  I was excited to eat there. Unfortunately when we got there in the evening we found the interior to be very dark. Dark enough that it was hard to read the menu (I have very good eyesight). My wife politely asked if they could turn up the lights and the waiter responded with a terse "NO" and then proceed to offer to get us a flashlight. I talked to the manager about the waiters attitude and the issue of the lighting and he was dismissive and deflected the issue saying that they had alot of flashlights around. We also noticed that other patrons where using their iPhones to illuminate the menu so it wasn't just us. All I have to ask is why in the world if you know it is an issue (to the point of having several flashlights ready) would you subject your patrons to the inconvenience. We left and will never return. There are so many options for great dining (e.g. Roka Akor) in Scottsdale, don't waste your time on a restaurant that doesn't deliver even basic customer service. The choice is yours.
1	This is an update from my previous review. Had to attend a business lunch last week and thought "oh no" when I found out Zinc Bistro was the chosen destination. There were ten people in our party we sat outside in the back garden patio area. As stated in my previous review service was very very slow. No prompt refills on iced tea. Delivery of appetizers, entrees etc... took an exorbitant amount of time to be delivered. It was recommended by another member of the group to try the "Duck Confit" sandwich. Worst sandwich I've ever had! The duck was dry, tasteless, shredded "gunk." The group ordered the mussel appetizer which was served in a flavorless broth. The "Pate Maison" tasted like it was weeks old with, again, no flavor. Other members of the party commented that the food was average at best and overpriced. It's a good thing I didn't pay for this meal out of my pocket. As I said in my previous review, "don't waste your hard earned money at this lousy place."
4	We went on a Saturday night around 7 pm and it was not that busy at all beautiful decor and a very romantic setting, For those who were complaining about the lighting they might want to get their eyes checked it was fine, The menu offered a number of tasty meals, I had a flat iron steak and my boyfriend has the roasted chicken with gnocchi it was amazing , We sampled some different wines and had a great waiter Frankie he was very good never let our glasses go empty and had lots of recommendations for us we can't wait to return again.
4	Great ambiance.....nice patio area....good bar.  Nice wine list!  While not in France, it's pretty much as close as you'll get in the Phoenix area.
4	I love the dungeness crab salad and their burger and fries!  The French Onion soup is also delicious!  I love to sit outside in the garden, or if I am by myself, the bar is great and you can meet a lot of nice people as the bartenders there are terrific!
4	I would probably only go to this place during restaurant week. Their regular menu is overpriced, and their wine selection by the glass is poor. They do have some good wine by the bottle, but if you're not interested in dropping $$$$ you may be disappointed. The patio is cute and the food really is authentically french, but it's mainly the wine selection that's disappointing.Overall the place is good, but not 5 star good.
4	nice consistent casual french dining in  Kierland shopping ctr.  top picks: crab crepes, scallops and shrimp in a broth,rock shrimp salad, duck confit sandwich, fries, house wine by the glass or carafe.   Sit outside and people watch or they have a pretty cool courtyard patio when it gets hot but you want to be semi outdoors.Just watch out if ordering the boullibasse  is different than most, no broth and has a paste on top which I did not expect but they gladly replaced.
5	Ignore that 5 star rating I just gave Zinc Bistro.  You should avoid this place at all costs. That way I will never again have to wait for a table at my favorite French restaurant. While your at it - stay away from the DMV too. Thanks :)
4	Pro- Amazing soup!  Also good vibe in the restaurant.  There is nothing worse than screaming Scottsdale uncontrolled children, which there was not!Con- Some of the dishes were overpriced & I could have made them at home.
4	This is a good place to meet up for drinks and some appetizers. Small cozy place with a european feel.
5	Great ambiance. Went here with a friend. Really enjoyed the foie gras and cheese selections. I had the chicken with gnocchi- though this is a French inspired restaurant they have a nice mix of entrees and appetizers. Wine menu was decent.  Had a French martini. Definitely worth coming back to
5	service, atmosphere, and food are all perfect.this is one of my very favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.as a resident of LA, i don't often get a chance to dine at Zinc, but every time i'm visiting family in AZ, i make it a point to make my routine visit to Zinc.make sure to try their duck confit sandwich, truffle parmesan fries, and chocolate souffle -- you won't be disappointed!
4	MIght very well be my favorite place to people watch in AZ.  Post up at the Zinc bar with your girl and a martini on a Friday night and just watch the people.Wonderful place.  Get the French Onion soup.
3	Had lunch at Zinc for the first time recently right as they were opening.  Considering they were not yet busy, we had pretty mediocre service.  To begin with, we were not offered bread.  Since it was our first visit, I wouldn't have necessarily assumed we would get bread, but I noticed other tables had it, so naturally I felt slighted.  And then the cardinal sin of serving.  I was maybe 25% through my meal, when our server appeared with our check and asked if we would like dessert.  Well, I don't know.  I haven't really eaten yet.  My husband wasn't even finished, and he eats like he's still in the military.  Needless to say, I just took the check and short-changed her tip in return for short-changing the time I was apparently allotted for eating. As for the food.  I had the macaroni au gratin with smoked ham as well as their up sell of parmesan truffle fries.  I liked the mac and cheese.  Not the best I've had, but pretty good.  The fries were okay.  But I've never understood the concept of dressing up plain 'ole french fries and serving them with ketchup.  If I'm not going to get a nice aioli or some other special dipping sauce, I'd rather just have the fries sans all the other crap.I wouldn't necessarily object to a return visit if I'm in the area, but I won't be breaking down their door.  Just as well, I doubt they would care.
3	If I was born to Native American parents, my Indian name would be something on the order of Judges-book-by-cover, mainly due to my being a highly judgmental A-hole.  (Please note,  the  A is in caps)Zinc, each time I walk by and see the patrons seated outside, reminds me of my time spent in Paris...right up to the point when I break down and stop in for a drink or appy.It's right about that time I'm unceremoniously reminded how I'm in a place that's the polar opposite of Paris.The food is mediocre.Service, attentive and friendlyPrices, on the high side.Give me a rude waiter, some fantastic food and reasonably fair prices and like a Vietnamese hooker, I love you long time.
4	I've never been to Paris.  But if this is just a fraction of what an actual french bistro is like, then sign me up for a trip.  My girlfriend and I enjoyed a very pleasurable Valentine's Day meal together at Zinc.We actually went out on the night before Valentine's day because we have odd schedules and we wanted to avoid the crowds.  But as you can imagine, a highly regarded french restaurant was still fairly slammed.  The dining room was packed and it was very noisy.  I don't know if there is anything they could do about the acoustics, but it was awfully tough for me to hear our waitress at times.  It also is pretty dark inside.  Not quite as bad as a couple of Yelpers have complained about, but I could image why it may be too dark for some.The french onion soup was a reputation for being superb.  I'll agree that it's excellent.  Not the best.  But you won't regret ordering it. I had the seared ahi, which was awesome.  Not only was the fish cooked perfectly, and the thinly shaved ham, crab, and potatoes compliment the tuna quite well, but the presentation of the dish was a work of art.  It was almost a shame to eat it.  My girlfriend tried the short ribs.  Zinc continues to prove my theory that there's no such thing as bad short ribs.  The bread that's served with the meal is also great.  It has that burnt bottom crust that just tells you it was made right.When we ordered our meals, the waitress advised us to give her a heads up early if we wanted the chocolate souffle (like any good souflle, it takes a half hour to bake).  Yes, please!  And we were sure glad we did.  Both of us were quite stuffed when it arrived, but that didn't stop us from devouring it.  It was light and sweet and the chocolate sauce was to die for.
5	OK, so the reason this review is getting five stars is because I went here for one reason, and ONLY one reason, and that was to try their French Onion Soup.  I saw this reviewed  on "The Best Things I Ever Ate" on the Food Channel, and since it is near where my mom lives in North Scottsdale, I decided to give it a try whence I next visited her from Cali.  The soup is without question the best French Onion Soup I've ever had!  The stock had a deep, rich, developed flavor, and was topped with bubbly Gruyere cheese and chive garnish.  The cheese melts over the edge and down the side of the bowl, and scraping it off with the spoon at the end provides a bit of a fun treat - nice caramalized melted cheese snack!  So, based on this one thing, I'll rate it five stars.  It would have been nice to have had the bread served warm, but it's bread - yippee - not the make or break of a meal.  The soup was what this visit was all about, so no need to be overly picky.Now, having said that, the rest of the menu, while featuring some interesting selections, seems a bit overpriced.  Most of the restaurants in this area are a bit on the pricey side by about 20%, so I can't say that this is a surprise, but it's more than I'd like to spend, even for a quality meal.The place is fairly noisy for what one might want for an intimate dinner for two, but it is a bistro after all.  The wait staff was very courteous, including the bus people, outgoing and friendly.  One of those in attendance entertained with a story from his past.  When learning I was in from California, he related how he used to play professional soccer and had lived in LA for a time.  Not having had anything but the soup, I might be tempted to rate Zinc Bistro at four stars, but I can't do that in all fairness.  I came expecting an excellent soup, and that's exactly what I got.  Give it a try!
5	I absolutely love Zinc Bistro! We went for my husband's birthday and had a wonderful evening. Absolutely no wait on a Friday night at 7 pm, which was a nice surprise, and even got seats in their beautiful hidden little courtyard. (Make sure you ask if there are tables available out there if you want a quieter, romantic evening as it can get rather loud inside when the place fills up)     For dinner my husband had the french onion soup to start,  which as always was the best you will find anywhere around, and the flat iron steak with zinc potatoes (their version of au gratin potatoes but with no cheese) He loved the steak, a perfect medium, and the potatoes were creamy and perfectly cooked. We do miss the cheese though!   I started with the tuna tartar, which is served with rye toast points and a cornichon paste, it was so good my husband, who refuses to eat raw fish, even tried a bite.... and liked it! Then I had the short ribs, which were melt in your mouth tender, as short ribs should be. My only issues was the amount of vegetables with the ribs... I think I literally had three slices each of carrots and celery... But they were delicious as well :)   We were then surprised with a little birthday treat for my husband which I will not ruin for anyone else who decides to celebrate their birthday here. I will just say that it was a perfect ending to a perfect meal.   Overall, I will have to say that Zinc Bistro is honestly one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley and I have never been disappointed in anything I have had there. Not to leave out that the service is always amazing and the staff is fun and friendly. Definitely try this place out!
3	Decent french bistro.  The Parmesan truffle fries are delicious the Monte Cristo is excellent.  Great place to have a nice lunch outside and people watch.
4	I love the food here. It's a bit pricey, but if you're looking for great french food this is the place. I love the tuna tartare. I get it every time!
4	I thought I stepped in off the streets of Paris, not Scottsdale.Five Star ambiance.  Great Pate, cheese-laden onion soup, awesome Mussels, and super delicious bread with which to sop up a marvelous sauce.Will back SOON for dinner.
5	Love Zinc!  I get my Parisian fix here.  The French cuisine is top of the line, and the waiters are on their game.  The ambiance evokes a true bistro in Paris, complete with the bar in the front of the house.  The soups, salads, and entrees are all wonderfully prepared and presented.  I have had only the best at Zinc Bistro!
5	Take your lover or BFF for the dinner for two on the patio in March.  It doesn't get any better than this.  Their duck, foie, steak, lamb... I've tryed and loved it all.  Only other five star in Phoenix (NOCA is the other) for me...
2	Dined here twice....or tried.Once for lunch.  Which was delicious and a wonderful experience.  Great lunch menu and the waiter was super.Went back for dinner this evening....and the waitress was so pretentious and unhelpful and downright rude that our party of five left before we ordered.Will not be returning.
3	Changed my view after Dinner there.  Great Food, Mediocre Service, Excessive Prices.
4	This place is as close to sitting on the street in a Paris bistro as you can get. Instead of Parisian snobs you get Scottsdale snobs, and instead of historic buildings you get teenage girls with victoria's secret shopping bags giggling as they walk past, but at any rate, you get the drift. I was expecting the service to be more pretentious than it wound up being; the host, server, and bus boy were all really straight forward and made us feel quite welcome. I only got to try the Zinc Burger which I must say is one of the best burgers I've ever had. Zinc Bistro proves that a burger is defined by the quality of the beef and not by all the extra sauces and spices. I think I remember trying the French Onion soup the first time I came here a few years ago and it was great as well, but it is excessively expensive in my opinion ($10) for a bowl. Overall I think this is a great place to go especially if you have some time to enjoy the patio and sip a cocktail.
5	Just got back from a lunch with a girlfriend, neither one of us had been to Zinc before but I chose it and now it's our new favorite lunch restaurant.Go for the food. Go for the multiple atmospheres to choose from; patio, indoor or garden cafe.Go for the drinks.Go for the food.Go for the service. Go for the frites.We had chicken sandwiches and every bite was the best. The chicken itself tasted fabulous.This is the perfect place if you are eating alone or with a small group. Can't wait to return for dinner and cocktails soon.
3	I really like the atmosphere at Zinc Bistro, and it has wonderful outdoor seating (unfortunately it was all taken).French Onion Soup ($10):  I'm a sucker for FOS, and it's pretty much a guarantee I'll order it if it's on the menu.  For $10, I had high expectations, but sadly they were not met.  There was just a little too much vermouth for my liking.Crispy Duck Confit sandwich ($12):  Now this was a winner.  Crispy duck, garlic aioli, and onions...YUM!Picture:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2lP2q37FzGh__FEb-vrlig&userid=WMLaiOmjm-Y8EUWZ_edJlAOur waiter talked us into getting this "amazing" fries and went on for a couple minutes about how they make them and what not.  I thought they were average at best. *shrugs*
5	Amazeballs. That's French for something good, right?It's not...It's English for freaking amazing, which is the best way I could possibly describe Zinc Bistro. Top to bottom, a fantastic meal.Started with Duck pate, my wife had a salad,  we each had the flat iron steak at the recommendation of the server, and we shared a chocolate souffle for dessert.Going piece by piece...Salad was very good, fresh greens, vinaigrette and a warm chevre crouton that was delicious. The duck pate was very flavorful and rich, served with marbled rye bread, an herb infused creme fraiche, cornichon, and some sort of meat gelee (which weirded me out). That was a dynamite appetizer, incredibly rich and satisfying. Our flat iron steaks were cooked to medium rare perfection, pepper crusted, and finished with a red wine reduction and shallots, which created an awesome sauce to dip the pomme frites that came with the steak. Special shout out to the chef(s) at Zinc, the steaks were really cooked perfectly. So often even at really top end steak houses, medium rare can mean medium. This was not the case at Zinc, which I appreciated. Pomme frites were great, crispy and flavorful, and were awesome when dipped in the sauce.The souffle to finish was incredible. You get your choice of a finishing sauce (we chose chocolate), so you get the cakey exterior, warm, soft interior, molten center and then the sauce that pairs well with the whole thing. A wonderful way to cap the meal.I had a Manhattan after dinner that was good, service was very good, timely and attentive, with spot recommendations as well. I also love the atmosphere at Zinc. They do a nice job making it feel Parisian (without the smoking and the judgement...I kid, France...I kid).All in all a wonderful meal, and I am sure to be back to Zinc soon!
3	I'm torn about this place. I wanted to love it but then didn't. :/We ordered a couple different things when we were there... Started off with the Pate Maison... It was okay. Not terrible but not amazing. Next we tried the Dungeness Crab and Truffle Omelette which was very good when you got a bite loaded with crab and truffley goodness. The bad thing is that those bites were few and far between. This was a full on omelette.... There was SO much egg. I could barely taste anything other than the egg. We also ordered the truffle and parmesan fries and they were amazing- we loved them!Strange that french fries would be the highlight of our meal... I would like to go back sometime during lunch though. Their chicken salad sandwich and their chicken and brie sandwich both sound awesome.
5	If I lived closer to Zinc I would be a regular. Instead it is the spot me and my husband always end up going to for date night, anniversary's, and birthday's. Great atmostphere, amazing food. Sometimes it's a little bit of long drawn out meal, but I think thats part of the fun and it's worth the wait!
1	Food mediocre, service equally mediocre and bartender is on some I wish i were somewhere else powertrip. Other then the regular following  (which manages to sustain them/but no one said scottsdale has a discernible palate for food or service) , haven't met anyone who would return a second time.
5	another phenomenal dinner at Zinc Bistro. The Flat Iron steak special seemed like an excellent choice along with sharing some of the Fruit de Mer--specifically, Shrimp and oysters. Everything we ordered was excellent!Great meal and very good service!
5	We chose Zinc Bistro for Restaurant Week last month - lucky pick!I was expecting a lot of snobbery, but the waitress was very polite, not condescending at all, and helpful. She brought me wine samples without me asking, which I've never had happen before.We had the foie gras ravioli and one of the salads for starters; both were fantastic. Our entrees were the salmon and filet. Oh my God, they were both AMAZING. I could eat them both every day. The filet was melt in your mouth tender, and my salmon was bright pink and hot all the way through. I've never had such great salmon. The vegetables served with were delicious as well.For dessert, the beignets (with blackberry and caramel sauce) and chocolate souffle were both divine. I mean, I am a chocoholic and I was scamming beignets off the boyfriend left and right, they were SO DARN GOOD with the sauces. It was pretty pricey even with the restaurant week menu, but then we also had wine and cappucinos (the cappucino was even executed perfectly! Gah!)Now, excuse me while I go dream about Zinc...
1	My wife and I had a 8 o'clock reservation at Zinc.  We were ushered to a two top in the traffic pattern, easily the worst table in the room.  there were several banquets available and we were told noway, no how we are fully booked.  One hour and ten minutes later all these tables were still empty. Our waitperson was efficient and officious.  we felt like we were more in a diner than a "fine dining restaurant".  I had the chicken dish - $28.00 for about 6 ounces of chicken, 2 ounces of risotto and about 20 green peas?  Draft beers are served about 2/3rd of a glass at $7.00?  There isn't anything about Zinc that is French except for the Frisee salad and the attitude.  $140.00 plus. Way over rated.  One plus,The ambiance is great.
5	I had the pleasure of dining at Zinc recently on a first date. At first I was a little apprehensive, expecting a hoity toity atmosphere and snobby employees, but I am pleased to agree with other reviewers that that was simply not the case. It was pretty quiet when we arrived around 8pm on a Tuesday, but we were warmly greeted by the hostesses and given a nice little "date table" on their patio. I started with a delicious glass of Sauvignon Blanc; my date had a Pinot Noir. Our server recommended the ahi tuna "steak tartare" appetizer which was absolutely yummy. I was a little sketched out to see it served with rye bread, but somehow all the flavors meshed very well together. After debating between the salmon and the scallops, I went with the latter. I am a huge sucker for scallops *wink wink nudge nudge to any prospective dates ;)* To be honest I'm not even sure what all the pretty sauces and garnishes on my plate were, but I liked it! I know the black sauce was squid ink, after being cautioned by our server that it has a distinct taste that you either like or you don't. I didn't find it to be offensive, and actually dipped one of my lightly breaded shrimp in it. The scallops themselves were very good. I cleaned my plate! (Is that bad first date manners? I couldn't help it!)My date had the flat iron steak which came served with truffle fries. He's a Zinc "regular" and claims the steak is his favorite thing off the menu. I didn't try it, not a huge red meat eater. But I did steal a few fries which were tasty with their house made ketchup. It was a very pleasant dining experience, unfortunately I didn't save room for dessert. Our server was there when we needed her and absent when we didn't. The busboy was prompt with water refills and removing dirty plates. Although Zinc has a heftier price tag than I'd probably pay for myself, I'd go again if asked on a second date!
1	My wife and I had a 8 o'clock reservation at Zinc.  We were ushered to a two top in the traffic pattern, easily the worst table in the room.  there were several banquets available and we were told noway, no how we are fully booked.  One hour and ten minutes later all these tables were still empty. Our waitperson was efficient and officious.  we felt like we were more in a diner than a "fine dining restaurant".  I had the chicken dish - $28.00 for about 6 ounces of chicken, 2 ounces of risotto and about 20 green peas?  Draft beers are served about 2/3rd of a glass at $7.00?  There isn't anything about Zinc that is French except for the Frisee salad and the attitude.  $140.00 plus. Way over rated.  One plus,The ambiance is great.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix, even though I don't get over here as often as I'd like. First of all, the interior is stunning. I love coming here when the weather is nice enough that the opened windows let in fresh air and crisp white light that fills the place. I've never been for dinner but that will have to be next.The first thing I ever tasted here had me trying to recreate its magic at home - a basil chicken sandwich: a large grilled chicken breast on fresh crusty bread smothered in brie aioli, basil and mushrooms. Their fries - truffle parmesan and otherwise, with tasty unique dips - are addicting. The zinc burger, mac and cheese, hanger steak are all very good. I loved the haricot verts and shitakes and ate the whole plate myself. However, the best thing I've had here, which is in the top things I've ever eaten in my life I'm so enamored with it,... is the dungeness crab crepe. If you like crab (which you should if you have a tongue) you have to try this and savor every little bite. I am a fan! Please continue making deliciousness forever.
3	Ok food here, probably living a little too large off the tourist traffic in Keirland Commons. Had the fois gras raviolli, it was pretty so so - not enough goose to make up for all the pasta; the duck consume with it was very good. My wife's French onion soup was good by her account, I thought the smoked gruyere cheese overwhelmed the flavor. The main course was good, pretty small portion though. I had the RACK of lamb, which was two cutlets with a couple of bites of lamb belly. Both had a nice taste. My wife had the short ribs which were pretty good, had a nice slow cooked taste to them. For dessert we shared the beignets, which were very average. And where I previously read that there French press coffee was THE bomb, I thought it bombed. It hardly had a coffee flavor, it was made very weak. Overall, I'd give Zinc 2 1/2 stars.
4	I love this place, great food and atmosphere, but on my last visit wasn't impress with new addition to menu
4	We went here for lunch one day and it was great.  Food was delicious...wine was good.  i suggest going here for nice lunch or dinner.  The service was also very good!!
3	The food at Zinc Bistro is absolutely fantastic! I went yesterday for the first time and had the curry chicken sandwich and bites of my family members meals. Everything was great. The reason I'm giving Zinc Bistro three stars instead of five is  because the service was horrendous. After looking around, it seemed that it just might have been our waitress as the people around us didn't seem to be getting great service either. Everything was fine until our food arrived. When it did, I asked for another glass of water and my sister asked for some french fries. Neither came until the end of our meal. We would have asked again, but our waitress didn't come see if we needed anything and it seemed nearly impossible to flag her down. When the fries and water finally came, the waitress put the rim of the pitcher right onto the middle of the glass where my mouth had been! She continued to do this for the rest of my family! This pitcher serves the entire restaurant, it was definitely unsanitary. However, I again stress that it just seemed to be our particular waitress.
4	I've been here a couple of times for lunch. Cute atmosphere and decorated nice around the holidays. My fav is the ham omelette with potatoes that reminded me of scallop potatoes. Outdoor courtyard in middle of rest cute. Definitely senior citizen crowd though and the inside smelled like it too last time I went.  I think fluke. I drank at the bar one time w friend and had good time.
5	We went in at that odd hour when happy hour ends and the lull before dinner service starts.  That could of been reason to not get good service or food but Zinc didn't miss a step.  The food was great, I love their baked French onion soup!  The duck was amazing and my wife's short ribs were so flavorful.  Highly recommend zinc
4	I've never gotten anything here that I didn't enjoy.  If you're there on a cold day try the French Onion Soup.  It is delicious.  Probably not a place I'd take my little kids though.
3	We liked the ambiance a lot. It had a cool feel to it. Also, the decor was very French, which we enjoyed.The food was good, but we are not sure why everything is priced so high? It is definitely more expensive than it should be. $12 for a cup of onion soup? What?!
4	I have never been a huge fan of French food, but my friend lived in France for 12 years and knew just what to order.  Everything we ate was right on and fantastic including the wine.  Spinach salad with poached egg, plate of cheese comes with bread, apples, nuts, jam and olives and the duck sandwich was just enough mixture with duck to not be to overly rich. My friend said the decor looked just like if you were in Paris.  We sat at the high-top next to the bar, light breeze coming in and great service from the bartender.  Sorry, cant remember his name, but he has been there a long time and is always friendly and not to mention eye-candy.  Cant wait to go back.
5	Went there last weekend with my husband.  One word can describe this place-outstanding.
4	Don't miss the duck sandwich! Truly amazing... I requested they make it the "old way", before they added bells and whistles. I am already craving it again. And, our server, Autumn was incredible... knowledgeable, personable, extremely helpful, and professional. Love the atmosphere, especially the lunch crowd. Definitely going back again. I highly recommend it for lunch or dinner.
5	My partner and I have dined in France so we really like what Zinc Bistro is doing for French cuisine here in Scottsdale Arizona.  The decor from floor to ceiling is spot on.  I love the inner patio.  When the weather is nice I like to see "the ladies who lunch" in their hats/bonnets.  On my last visit to Zinc I ordered a sandwich.  We were there for lunch so it was a sandwich that day.  Curry chicken salad to be exact.  Just the right amount of spice and curry.  I had a side of truffle Parmesan fries.  They were so good.  I couldn't stop eating them.To drink, I ordered a Duvel.  Its a Belgian beer/ale.  It has a high alcohol percentage.  Boy does it ever.  One was enough.Zinc Bistro is our French lunchtime getaway.
4	I was taken here because of the French onion soup, and liked it, but honestly on parity with others. I like their creative "bistro" takes on certain foods (very good tuna), but it seems like the portions are tapa sized. Appeals very strongly to scottsdale-ites I'm sure, but if you don't have money to blow then pass this place up because they have exorbitant prices because of commercial rent they must pay.
4	This is seriously good food in an atmosphere that is pretty hard to take seriously. Between all the Scottsdalians dressed in their finest D&G and Tommy Bahama and a decor that seems more Disney's version of a French bistro, I didn't have high hopes when entering the place. The wait staff further cemented the impression when two different waiters tried to wait on our table leaving us completely confused. They got it sorted out and the service improved from there. However, once the food came, I cast all doubts aside. The Man started with the foie gras first course while I had the ahi on rye. Both were outstanding. For our seconds I had the duck and he had the steak. The steak was nicely cooked, maybe a little too salty. The duck was a very large portion with intriguing complex flavors. Very good. We also had a great and reasonably priced Cotes du Rhone. I came in skeptical but I left impressed.
4	The St-Germain Cocktail was perfect on a warm spring day in Phoenix. You can immediately tell the quality of ingredients here is superb. Enjoyed the wide selection of French menu options from Provencial Bouillabaisse to Gascon Duck confit and Burgandy Coq au Vin.
1	Arrogant, a-hole bartender with a condescending attitude.  Not one compelling menu item.  Intelligencia sort of atmosphere, that was not appealing to me.  Very comfortable patio chairs...great view for watching people...but if you are craving dinner, walk 100 steps to another Kierland establishment.I will never darken their door again.Very French in their attitude....if you know what I mean.
2	Unimpressed for a couple of reasons.  One, the service was mixed, our waiter was ok but had to be reminded of what we wanted.  Then the food took over 45 minutes to show up.  And no one seemed to remember who ordered what, they seemed confused and busy even though the restaurant was nearly empty.   The food was pretty good, depending on what you get.  I had to re-order my green beans and it still wasn't correct.
3	Onion soup was very good but at $12?  Coco vin was good, but not great.  Service and atmosphere were both good.  Priced too high.  Will try another place next time when I'm at Kierland Commons.
1	Waitress super rude    All my friend did was ask to change her order (from a $16 app to the au poir) When we asked for the manager he was completely ignorant.   We Have been there Several times prior.  It was like they Were Trying to be rude for no reason.  II cannot believe all the good reviews here because I've heard many stories about how terrible they can be.
5	I went there wanting a snack around 5 pm. Their happy hour lasts until 6. I had an amazing seared Foie Gras appetizer. It went perfect with a Moscow Mule! If you're staying in the North Scottsdale area and don't want to trek down to Old Town, this outdoor mall is a great alternative, and you have to hit up Zinc!
2	Bummed, the only thing that was truly amazing was the foi
2	Service was a joke. It truly, absolutely took 11 minutes to get a waitress to acknowledge my presence. No happy hour menu. "Communal bar table" is a great idea but situated that you get bumped in to by staff with no apology. Or at least I didn't.Food is good but no thanks. Won't return.
5	Have dined here a number of times over the years.  There is patio seating for people watching, dining room seating and a fabulous secret garden type French courtyard, too.My favorite is the huge cheese/olive/nut board with a choice of 10 different exotic cheeses from various countries to choose from.The cheese is served with warm olives, spiced walnuts and crisp bread. This usually ends up as my meal -- along with a glass of fine wine.This is a wonderful place to just sit, relax and enjoy the afternoon with a friend on the patio -- or for a simply romantic date night in the courtyard.
3	Although it is registered under the French restaurant category, the food is more American French. We ordered mussels for appetizer, which is cooked with white wine, herbs, and lemon. For entree, we ordered duck with risotto and halibut with corn bread. The duck is tendered and the halibut is fresh. The food is decent, but it's not special. The restaurant has a lot of sitting areas (outside along the street side walk, garden seating, and indoor seating). The staffs are friendly and prompt.
4	Over the years, I've eaten at Zinc Bistro quite a few times.  It isn't somewhere I think to go often, but when I do, I really remember having great meals, so I'm not sure why I don't pop in more often.  Anyway, we decided on Zinc for Sunday brunch on Father's Day, and I was glad we did.We all ordered drinks and I had a bellini.  It was quite tasty and refreshing.  For lunch, I ordered a salad and the rest of the party all opted for the steak frites.  Everyone really enjoyed the steak and frites, especially the sauce it came with.  The salad I had was their take on a caesar, and I really enjoyed it, especially the added touch of fresh dill.  The service and overall experience was awesome.  I would highly recommend this spot for a "fancy" special lunch/brunch and even dinner.  The patio seating outside is also nice, but not for the summer months!
4	When I come to Scottsdale in the springtime I invariably make a stop at Zinc Bistro.  The ambiance is very nice and informal, with a small-scale replica of the Eiffel Tower inside.  The crusty French bread is good with their mussels.  You can't go wrong with their sandwiches and salads.  Don't forget to order some frites.
4	Reasonable lunch prices. Refreshing cocktails. Pretty good Croque Monsieur. I'd go again to try their dinner specials.
3	Great place if you are craving french onion soup. Delicious chocolate souffle. The main course wasn't amazing but the soup and dessert is worth it once in a while.
4	This place never gets old...I love everything about it.  You feel like you are walking into a genuine French bistro...amazing food, great location in Kierland Commons and great staff.  Our bartender this past visit was amazing...great personality and he hooked us with drinks.
3	Food is not bad but it's not spectacular. Considering the bill for one appetizer, 2 glasses of wine, and 2 entrees came to almost $120, it should have tasted fantastic instead of merely "meh." The service was top notch though. Giving it 3 stars because of the quality/taste and price disparity.
4	Fancy dinner, super rich, little salty and kinda pricey but I thouroughly enjoyed my food. Cozy patio. Loved the charcuterie.
3	The appetizer french fries were tasty, esp. with the sauces that accompanied it. For lunch, I had the duck confit sandwich. Great flavor! I'll have to go back and try out the dinner menu.
4	Really good burger and French onion soup. Nice cheese's too.  Good Parisian atmosphere and menu. All imported wines by the glass. Saddle up to the bar and hang out & people watch.
3	Nice atmosphere.  service was great.  food was just ok.  ordered oysters, tuna ahi, filet, and rib eye for two.  the rib eye came out already cut up.  didn't like this as I like to cut into my own steak!  a little bit too much salt on everything for our taste.
5	We love outdoor dining at this place.  My wife loves the people watching as it is in the middle of the shops at Kierland.  Of course, the weather needs to be right. The food is the same indoors but the ambiance isn't the same. We have been customers since it opened. Our most recent visit was typical. We sat at an outdoor table. We bought a nice bottle of French white wine. (They have a good selection in all price ranges.). I had a chicken Caesar though it wasn't named that. My wife had croque Madame which is a small upgrade from croque Monsieur. We had a chocolate dessert. Matchstick fries were good but we need to remember to tell them to hold the paprika. Several other excellent salads are on the list. Several sandwiches are there too. I enjoyed the omelette main course once, the bouillabaisse another time, the asparagus side several times, the Mac and cheese once, the oysters several times, and the mussels many times. There is a great, but expensive seafood selection.  There is a nice afternoon menu and a good dinner menu too.  Be aware it can get expensive but it is very good. The service is always great too.
3	My boyfriend chose Zinc Bistro for a Friday date night spot for two reasons. 1: The quaint Kierland location and 2: The mussels appetizer. He was right about both. The mussels were divine... Dipping the bread into the tangy juice followed by a glass of Merlot was just heavenly. If our meal ended there I would be back in a heartbeat. I did not care for the dish I ordered. At first glance the crusted black sea bass sounded perfect but I soon remembered the reason why I avoid the daily specials. Shame on me. The bass was tasty but the mushrooms and endives did not pair well with the fish. Separately, these three would be a delight. But something was off and the flavors just did not blend. The boyfriend was happy with his filet topped with a generous portion of foie gras. Two bites of his rich meal with the side of mac and cheese made up for my lackluster entree. If we try Zinc again I'll be sure to ask for recommendations.
4	Had a great great boys night out with my 6yr old son. Our waiter Nick took great care of us. Whole staff was awesome. Zinc is always our goto place for relaxing and consistent meal.
4	Good food, good service.
5	Went here for lunch with Mom before a long road trip home. Now I can't wait to go back when I'm in town again! The house frites were soooo good. Crispy and well seasoned. I'm a big fan!If you're looking for a good salad, try the spinach & frisee salad. I had a similar salad at Mon Amie Gabie in Vegas so I thought I'd give this one a go. The dressing wasn't as good but this was definitely a great salad. I'm a poach-egg-on-things type of girl so this was right up my alley. I even saved a couple lardons for my puppy. She sat quietly through the whole meal and was rewarded for her behavior. Scottsdale is definitely a dog town, most of the stores in this area had dog bowls full of water for their patrons.I hope to get back here on a Sunday before 2:00 so I can take advantage of their brunch. A couple at a nearby table had great looking plates of food. Don't worry, I didn't ask them for a bite. I wanted to but didn't.
4	Made a reservation for 8pm on a Thursday night and was surprised to see how lively it was. I was led to the back of the restaurant and sat at a table with a view of their grand Eiffel Tower replica that stood at the center of the restaurant. Ceilings were softly lit with red and white rounded hanging globes. So gorgeous!  The room screamed Paris and all I needed was the room to fill with cigarette smoke to feel like I was no longer at the scottsdale commons. My server was extremely helpful. I went with the flat iron steak and matchstick potatoes. Huge!  But sooooo buttery delicious. The matchsticks were a little hard to eat at first but once I discovered that I can mash it down with my fork it was a potato party on my mouth. I had a great glass of Pinot noir (earthier of the two options offered) and was in a frenchy bliss as my mind bended 1) from my food coma 2) from the wine and 3) from the nostalgia of my own Paris adventures once upon a time. Definitely recommend!  Would definitely come again if I visit scottsdale.
1	Tried to make a reservation for three on New Years Eve & to inquire about the menu for the evening. She told me to "call back later because I can't assist you with that right now." Haha really?!What a customer service disappointment in one of my favorite spots in North Scottsdale. Guess my wife and I will have to find ourselves a new favorite. R.I.P. Zinc.
1	I cannot believe the reviews on Yelp.  Here is what you really get.   A very small portion that hardly is enough for a child. Everything is ala cart.  Salad, is very expensive, Side dishes  very expensive, and entries are ridiculous. A small piece of chicken is 30 dollars,  a steak very small is 48 dollars. Service is OK, taste is good, but I would never go there again.
5	I stopped here the other afternoon for a quick drink - It was a beautiful sunny afternoon in Scottsdale and I was out shopping and maybe quite possibly afternoon restaurant/bar hopping! I was slightly enjoying the fact that everyone else in the country was in a deep freeze and here I am in beautiful sunny 75 degree in January Scottsdale Az.We sat down and ordered a couple bloody mary's and then my eyes rested upon the fresh oyster display they had next to the bar - I LOVE oysters and frankly I had to try some! I ordered half a dozen oysters - I can't remember exactly where the oysters were from, but I ordered two of each of the available oysters. All 3 varieties were fresh and delicious! Service was great and our bloody mary's complimented the oysters perfectly! I can't wait to come back here for a leisurely lunch.
5	Really Really Good!  Mussels were outstanding which are steamed in a really good sauce.  Crab Crepe was really good. Like a crab and cream cheese filling.  Oysters were fresh.  I had 3 kinds.  Blue Points, East coast. Fanny's and I forgot the 3rd.  I don't think an Onion Soup can get much better than theirs.  Perfect flavor in my opinion.  The house salad with the goat cheese crouton was good.  Dessert was really good.  Hard to choose between all the goodness.  We settled on the chocolate suffle (takes 30 min to cook) and the Binette with 3 dipping sauces.  Sooo good.  We sat in the garden.  Such a nice atmosphere.  We will be back! Only thing I would say is they need to update their prices online because half the items we got were a few bucks more than what they have stated online.  Kinda pricey but for how good it was It didn't bother me..  You get what you pay for.  Made reservations online which worked out great.
1	I really loved my server Ashley and the lit Eiffel Tower in the center of the restaurant.  Now for the bad part.We ordered the spinach/frisee salad, duck confit with white bean cassoulet and steak with "frites"  Two drinks were ordered: a bloody mary and a french martini recommended by Ashley.  Both drinks were well prepared and strong.  The spinach/frisee salad was fresh with bacon dressing, a poached egg and lardons.  It was fresh but nothing to write home about.  The duck leg confit was ABYSMAL.  While my husband  was eating  I saw his unenthused expression, so decided to take a taste of it.  THE DUCK LEG HE WAS SERVED HAD TO HAVE BEEN SITTING AROUND THEIR REFRIGATOR FOR A WHILE PRIOR TO BEING SERVED.  I cannot believe that Zinc Bistro would serve such an unappetizing, unflavorful , dry "meat".   When we got home, I asked my husband why he didn't tell the waitress how bad his food was and his answer was that he didn't want to spoil my birthday dinner.  I would have been kicking and screaming before I would eat anything so vile.  My steak and frites were NOTHING LIKE I AM USED TO IN PARIS!!!   The steak was cooked medium rare,  au poivre but the meat had no flavor whatsoever.  It also had an excessive amount of peppercorns.  A person who sat across from us returned his steak because of this.  I have eaten steak au poivre many times both in the US and abroad.  This is definitely an excessive use of  peppercorns. None of the restaurants I have experienced do it this way.  Doesn't mean that Zinc Bistro can't be unique.  But, it must be unique and edible.  The frites  were a total disappointment.  They could NOT HAVE BEEN FROM FRESH POTATOES---NO WAY, NO HOW . No WAY, NO HOW... HOW MANY TIMES CAN I SAY THIS?  In Parisian bistros the frites or fries are to die for---simply sprinkled with salt and they are amazing.  Zinc Bistro's fries had this or that sprinkled on them but this did not improve the lack of flavor from the potato.  OMG,  what can I say about a restaurant that  charges more than a Parisian  bistro but none of its flavor.  One saving grace was that they gave me a complementary mini-chocolate souflee as I was celebrating my birthday.  Zinc Bistro management.... check that duck confit dish.... go into the kitchen right now and taste it.   Get ready to spit it out.  I am feeling super-uber guilty that my husband ate that vile dish and kept quiet about it so he wouldn't spoil my birthday dinner.  Zinc Bistro,  how long can this quality of food continue before Scottsdale patrons realize that they are not eating anything like what is served in a Parisian Bistro.  I have to give Zinc Bistro one star--earned by Ashley and the complementary chocolate souffle.
5	This place is great all around with a strong representation of French cuisine with an adaptive flair.
2	I'll give two stars because my husband enjoyed his lunch.  I used to love Zinc and have eaten there many times for lunch and dinner.  After today I won't be going back. I had to send my lunch back.....how can they ruin a Gruyere omelet? It was barely warm and the cheese was hard.  The side salad was microscopic and the potatoes were insulting. It was a bad lunch and someone was asleep in the kitchen. Not acceptable.  The service was just OK. Not acceptable either.
5	I have came to a realization why they decided to call this place Zinc Bistro, or at least I think. But boy oh boy, this restaurant is delicious. Dined for lunch with the Varzi salumi salad and butter leaf champagne with a glass of a refreshing red sangria. Salad was extremely tasty and the sangria was light and perfect for a sunny day. I contemplated giving 4 stars since our server was not the friendliest nor did the hostess allow us to sit where we wanted. But the food was so delectable, I have decided to wave that off (which never happens)! Great atmosphere and outdoor patio in the Kierland area.Every time new dishes were brought out to the tables, my mouth watered, yum. I can't wait to try Zinc for dinner one night, it will be worth it! Enjoy!
4	Table for one..nice wine list..fresh oysters..fresh bread.  Spinach and frisee salad with poached egg is amazingly delicious.  The flat iron steak is very good...heavily pepper crusted and undercooked at the med rare, but tasty.  Pomme frites are nicely seasoned with smokey paprika, but need to be much crisper to be called frites.  Nice place, pleasant atmosphere..would come back.
1	Well, when I pay $18 for a glass of sparkling I expect my server to care a little. Asked for check from server assistant, host in ear shot and they said they'd send the server. Well, that never happened. Wasn't busy either. Pass.
5	Fantastic!! I had the onion soup and ravioli with oxtail! Raw bar is excellent even coming from New England. If you go, ask to sit in the courtyard; the ambience is incredible. Service and food was amazing! Highly recommend it!
5	This is one of my favorite places in the Valley.  True French atmosphere and a nice bright courtyard.  I've always had great service and food.  I mostly go for lunch as it can get $$$$ but if you get what you pay for, this place certainly provides excellent quality.
4	Cosy and romantic and a cool bar to grab a drink. The deserts are to die for! Didn't try the food! :-)
5	The reviews do not lie!!  Truly the best French Onion Soup I have ever had!!  The entire menu was great!  So many options.  We also had the Mac and Cheese and a Risotto dish.  All were good enough to make us want to go back really soon!!!
5	Excellent menu and authentic French cuisine, true bistro-style! Superb wine list, amazing desserts, and all of the food is A-1! Great patio to people watch.
5	Just saying it was delicious and a wonderful dining experience isn't enough. Zinc just does it all right. Our server Cara did a great job of explaining the menu and while attentive, she did not hover and allowed a relaxing experience. Dinner of flat iron steak and the crab omelet were perfectly prepared, a carafe of wine, and chocolate souffle for dessert. The bread was crisp and warm. We sat on the outdoor patio with other couples and business associates nearby but the atmosphere was quiet and pleasing. It is in the Kierland Mall among shops and apartments, yet you felt far away as if in a sidewalk cafe. This was our first visit but we will go back. We both saw a number of other menu items we would like to try.
5	Food is amazing - authentic French food! You can choose to dine inside, dine outside for some Kierland people watching, or they have a private patio lit with lights and candles for a more romantic setting.
3	The only reason I come to this place is the little patio, I love sitting on the patio while grabbing a bite with a friend.  I think the menu needs updating.  It feels a little dated.  Last time I had the chicken salad sandwich, because nothing else seemed appetizing.  My friend had the same.  Kierland is one of my favorite malls and this spot can offer some good people watching.
5	We tried Zinc Bistro for the Restaurant Week Menu.We both started with the Vichyssoise (Classic cold potato leek soup) The Zinc Bistro's version of this soup was kicked up a BUNCH with these tasty Salmon Croquettes topped with PASTRAMI CURED SALMON topped with radish and lemon pickled onion. The creamy soup was laced with what I think was leek oil and what I think was Esplette and was great alone but with the addition of the adorned Croquettes it became amazing and really was one of the best things I had anywhere this year. This soup was OUTSTANDING and should be on the summer menu as it was PERFECTION for a summer meal.  I sure didn't mind ordering Scottish Salmon for dinner as it was meticulously well crafted with many little details. They took the time to roast a baby fennel till it turned caramelized. They Pickled a pretty red Endive and turned it into something interesting and pretty. The nicely crusted and seasoned Salmon sorted of popped a little with the addition of sweet and tangy Kumquats. This all at on a pillow of creamy rich puree studded with Beluga Lentils that pop in your mouth like caviar. The Confit Lamb Shank was just as wonderful being melt in your mouth perfect and was a gastronomic journey of Moroccan Style Seasonings with interesting crafted vegetables.The Hazelnut Toffee Chocolate Torte was good and rich! The creamy Ice cream seemed to lighten it up a bit and the Burnt Orange Honey Carmel complimented it very well.The Show Stopper Dessert was the Canelles De Bordeaux with Vanilla Brandied Cherries, Espresso & Valhrona Mousse. The little Cake Towers were delicious and had a texture like no other. They were firm and almost caramelized and the inside sort of melted in your mouth and had a rich pastry cream taste and soaked up the light very chocolate Mousse and Cherries. It was maybe the best dessert I had this year!Service was friendly and efficient. This was a Great Dinner!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Arizona. Often at lunch my wife and I will split the flat iron steak and fries which is only on the dinner menu but is still available.
1	We were doing some shopping at the Scottsdale Quarter and around Kierland and had decided to eat lunch here. I had read past reviews and had always wanted to try it. It was also really cute decor. I have been to France several times and felt they really nailed the "bistro" look so I was excited. However as soon as we walked in, the hostess immediately stopped us and explained that they have a dress code: men in tank tops are not allowed. As she's saying this, I see a family with small children wearing regular, casual clothing and another young woman dressed about as casual as you can get.  Let me preface that this was late June with temperatures over 100 on a Saturday at lunch. I can understand a dress code for dinner but lunch? Here in Phoenix? Really?? I've been to weddings where people wore flip flops. I've lived all over and phoenix is by far a very casual place because its so hot. I was pretty surprised. Granted, the hostess wasn't rude about it but I guess I didn't see the place as being that high end. Needless to say, we left and went to North instead. Their staff was incredibly friendly. What a difference. I guess Zinc is taking the French thing literally.
5	Try the Mussels in the hot buttery sauce and then dip your bread in the leftover sauce... just amazing! Ive been here three or four times and it's still one of my favorites. Will be back soon!!!
4	I've been here a bunch of times and everything on the menu is super good.  The service has always been great.  I recently tried the crab salad with some hesitation but was pleasantly surprised.   This place is much better for lunch than it is for dinner.  There's a funny sort of crowd that comes here for dinner, plus I think the lunch menu is better than the dinner menu.
4	What a nice, quiet, cozy spot to unwind after a long day. This place has so much character! I went late in the evening. They were out of their favored teas but the plain green tea was delicious! The bartender was very helpful in choosing alternatives. Outdoor and indoor seating available. I will go back and try some of their dishes.
5	My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. I have never ordered something that I didn't like. I take my out of town guests here and they all love it too. Highly recommend. I never thought that a french restaurant would be my favorite, but definitely give it a chance.
5	I think this is my favorite restaurant in Arizona.  Been 3 times in the last year, not a bad thing to say about this place, not even close to a bad thing to say.  Food is unbelievable with a ton of options.  I love the a la carte seafood.  Great beer choices too - I don't drink wine but the wife raves about what she gets every time.  Quiet and great mood.  Servers are among the best I've ever had. It's not cheap but totally worth it.
5	Dropped in late after a disappointing stop at another restaurant and we were pleasantly welcomed by Jesse the bartender and although it was late and the kitchen was closed he managed to get us a cheese and meat board .  He created a drink based on our tastes- nailed it and had a genuineness that is refreshing.  We were fortunate to have walked by and discovered this gem.  Can't wait to comeback.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had, and I'm a foodie... The ribeye was sliced, cooked to perfection, and ideally charred and flavored. For dessert, I had a stick made from Frozen lemon custard, rolled in toasted coconut and served over toasted marshmallow sauce drizzled with blueberry coulis. Might just have been the best desert I've ever had....like Baked Alaska, but better!!!!!!!!  The iced tea was berry flavored and delicious.
3	We are dining here right now (7pm on Saturday August 23) .  Apps - my wife had the pate which was more of a terrine than a pate.  TAsted good but was dry and just ok.  I had the foi gras mousse which was also just ok and a bit watery.  The duck special included a duck sausage that had a southwestern flavor.  A bit odd in  a French bistro, the duck breast was cooked correctly but was a small portion.  I had the scallop which had 3 medium sized scallops that had a bit of an ammonia flavor usually indicating that it was not fresh.  And, at $36, that made each scallop $12. All in all a bit over priced and over rated.  This is a Scottsdale attempt at French bistro that comes up short.
5	Without a doubt the BEST French onion soup I've ever had! Great service and the great ambiance made the evening effortlessly lovely.I will be going back for more soon!
5	Now this place has a great menu! Came for lunch and was very happy with the food. Sat at the bar and had a nice beer and sandwich. Food was seasoned well, prepared with care and tasted dang good. It's not somewhere most people will want to go for lunch every day. It'll probably cost you around 20 bucks and that's a bit much for most. I do think that their food is worth the money. Fries were great and so was my salad. Bartender was nice and the place was full in the middle of the day with a pleasant afternoon crowd. It's a fun place.
2	Had high hopes for a good night out with friends with great food after reading the reviews. Visited on September 6th and won't be back. From the second we arrived I could tell that wasn't going to happen. It was pouring rain and when we walked in the hostess had her back to us and was having casual conversation with another staff member. She made eye contact and kept right on talking. When she finally stopped talking to her friend she didn't even say may I help you just looked at us like we ruined her night. Told her we were meeting friends there and gave her the number of people and the name and she corrected me because I was off a number and said that "party has already been seated". Duh! that's why we said we were meeting people there. She walked us half way to the table and said they should be in the back on the right, which was wrong but we found them anyway since the place is so small but would it have killed her to walk us to our table. Our waiter was only half bad and just seemed overwhelmed which I won't fault him for because they did get busy but I only received one refill on my glass water after asking twice and the wait time for our food took longer than it should have for what we ordered. The food was just ok nothing to write home about. My husband ordered a simple salad and was the last one at the table to be served.  My salmon was cooked so oddly (over cooked in some spots undercooked in others) I only ate half. I usually will give a place two tries before writing them off because everyone can have an off night, but I was not impressed at all and won't be back
5	My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale for a few years now. Charming French atmosphere makes it an intimate dinner setting! Really interesting mix of ingredients that you won't find anywhere else. A must-have: the truffle fries. They come w/ 3 different sauces, all to die for. The prices make it more of a special occasion spot for me, but I would highly recommend Zinc Bistro. Well worth the cost. The wait staff is superb, and they are attentive even when the restaurant is packed.
4	Our recent dinner at  Zinc Bistro was excellent. The food seemed better than we remembered from previous experience and so did the service. Also, because we were seated in front, the noise wasn't as deafening as it can be there. It didn't hurt that we ate early and that the restaurant wasn't overly crowded at that time. We were pleasantly surprised and will go there again.
5	On so many levels, this is THE place to go when in the neighborhood.Why?  Because it is always sincerely friendly, has a great French atmosphere, has wonderful food, and a really good bar.Then add to that they can make excellent espresso drinks to go with their superb deserts.  (I find that very few places can make espresso to rival that found in Europe)The street-side patio is also well designed and comfortable.Another comment seems appropriate here.My wife and I have been regulars at Zinc Bistro for about four years.  Yes, we did have one incredibly clueless waitress one time out of all the times we have dined there.  But we also have had occasion to observe some of the best customer service in town, as was the case when we met our son's family of four there for dinner, but arrived 40 minutes late due to a freeway accident.  I apologized profusely upon arrival. But they said everything was OK, and that our grandchildren had been given Shirley Temples, and that my usual Saphire martini was just taken to our table (prompted by my son).Of all the very good restaurants in Scottsdale, I put Zinc Bistro up there with the very best.  What are the other best places in town?  Please see my other reviews.
5	We were a bunch of French people  I must admit the lunch was absolutely fantastic we really enjoy all our meals and the desserts, amazing Thanks to the chef and to the servers  for the very good service.
4	Arrived on a Wednesday evening at 5:30.  Just a few parties were there when I arrived.  Service was excellent.  Sat on the patio and enjoyed the quiet view.  Most parties chose to sit outside.  Muzack inside was a bit loud and seemed empty and lonely inside.  Food was very good.  Delicious spinach salad with bacon dressing and lots of pieces of bacon along with a perfectly soft poached egg.  Followed this with delicious, super fresh mussels  in white wine, cream, and herbs which were perfectly cooked.  The mussels were an appetizer size serving, but in combination with the other things I ordered, I had plenty to eat.  Finished off with the chocolate souffle with Grand Manier chocolate sauce and french press coffee.  The coffee was disappointingly weak (water to coffee grounds ratio was wrong).  The chocolate souffle and sauce needed to be a bit sweeter and richer and did not live up to the other reviews that I read.  Next time I would skip the souffle and coffee and try something different. Cost of dinner was $38 including tax, before tip. It was a very enjoyable evening and I would definitely go back. I agree with others who have said the prices are a little high.  I kept the price of my meal down by ordering 2 appetizers rather than ordering an appetizer and an entree. This saved $10-$15.  I also did not order anything to drink.  If you plan on ordering a 3 course meal with a glass of wine or a cocktail, you should plan on spending about $70-$80/person.
1	Tried to grab a dessert with the fam (4 of us) at Zinc. Got denied by a rude Manager(?), who told the super cool hostess that we cannot tie up a table in the patio or courtyard if all we wanted was dessert. Bummer, the dessert was supposed to be a special treat for my daughter who just recovered from being in the ICU for a few days.
5	Great atmospere.....excellent food.......and awesome desserts. I always get the duck confit it is to die for......their french fries are great, they come with 2 different dipping sauces........you can sit indoors, out on the back lush patio or out front on the sidewalk...very French atmoshere......
4	Wow. Just happened by this place with my friends. We were seated quickly right in the middle by a cool lit up eifel tower. Loved the ambiance and the food was AMAZING!!! A little pricey with small portions but so elegantly prepared. We waited a little longer than usual between appetizers, main course, and dessert, but it was worth it, and it was also a busy Saturday night. Everyone was friendly, the food was to die for, and the decor and atmosphere was so very nice.
5	Had a nice Cab last night at Zinc. Love the atmosphere, great service and great food. Flat iron steak salad...awesome. Really great signature drinks as well. The seafood sampler platter...wonderful as well as their cheese boards. Truffle fries...wow...they have won awards with their fries!! Also, a great place to lunch....they have an atrium room with brick and fountains that is open to the outdoors from above...quaint...you feel like you are in a small french bistro. I have been frequenting this restaurant for the last 4 years...regularly for lunch and dinner...not once have I had poor service or a meal I had to send back to the kitchen. :)
2	Went back in August (for Birthday dinner).  After Mission I had huge expectations, and unfortunately not one was met.  Almost empty restaurant but service was terrible.  On multiple occasions had to seek out an employee for a basic request (silverware and water kind of thing).  Food was ok, but considering my expectations that ended up being disappointing.  Everyone has an off night so I'm hoping this was the case here, but I doubt I'll return to find out.
1	Guano Our night began with a stroke of luck, or so we thought. My consort found a parking spot 10-feet from Zinc's front door. We usually have to park a block or two away, so we started the evening with a smile. Three couples met for dinner, my two cousins and their spouses. We toasted a mini reunion with a bottle of French wine. Our favorite appetizer, mussels, were large and succulent, while the rest of the meal only adequate. We were served four slices of bread among six hungry adults and had to request more. This is not a restaurant for anyone on a budget. It's a bistro, although not very French, except for the Eifel Tower done with cheesy Christmas lights in the middle of the room. I almost forgot--our server did say, "Au revoir" after she handed us the check for over $300.00. Yes, you math is correct. It's was an overly expensive meal.  We said our goodbyes at the door and hugged as crazy cousins do. They asked where we parked and we pointed to our car right outside the front door. "Oh, you are lucky," they commented.  "We parked down the street." As we approached our car, my consort said, "My car is covered with guano (bird excrement)." And that's when the trouble began. My description of our vehicle is the following: We weren't able to see out the windows except in between splatters of guano. We had to refocus our eyes and twist our heads to see through the carnage. Our collateral damage, which was noted as soon as we pulled into our lit garage, was a work of art worthy of Jackson Pollack. The colors were magnificent, brown and white splotches on new car silver. It was museum quality. The morning after, like so many we know, proved to be a nightmare. My consort drove to the nearest carwash where workers pointed and howled at his misfortune. Everyone wanted to know where his car had been and of course he told them, Zinc Bistro at Kierland Commons. We called Bistro's manager in charge that morning and told him what happened. He was no stranger to the problem--he had heard this tale many times before. In fact, we found out that Zinc Bistro has known about the Guano problem for the past ten years--since they opened.  After talking with two inexperienced and unsympathetic managers, we tried to reach the owner, Terry Ellisor, who we were told, doesn't think the guano problem is in his jurisdiction. Neither he nor the managers feel their patrons should be warned when parking in front of this eatery. And I quote, "We spare our customers the discussion of dangers of bird excrement before they dine with us." That's where my consort and I have a problem. So, rather than just ignore what occurred, we want to alert the public to the gangs of vandalous birds nesting on the trees directly in front of Zinc Bistro. You'll save yourself aggravation and the cost of a VIP wash complete with detailing and don't expect any sympathy from the BISTRO. Read all my reviews on www.dinnerSlut.com
5	Love this place. I've been going to Zinc for several years and look forward to going for years to come. It's dark?  Well yeah, that's the point! Those who are uncomfortable in the "beautiful people" world of North Scottsdale will not be happy. BTW they have someone the best bartenders in town. Go on a Friday afternoon/evening, sit at the corner of the bar and have fun.
5	I've gone to Zinc several times and each time the service has been consistantly good and the food...heaven.I don't believe I have ever been anywhere else that had foie gras, let alone perfectly cooked foie gras. The seafood is so fresh and delicious. I have an addition to oysters but have no where to go to get good oysters in Arizona. So you can imagine my delight when I tried theirs and it was beyond what I expected.I took my husband who isn't as easy to please as I am when it comes to expensive food. When it's higher priced he tends to be even pickier. But he loved everything we ordered. I will definitely keep going back to this place.
2	They put paprika on the frites and have American flags behind the bar. 50% French 50% ?For real French food check out the French grocery on 7th ave in downtown Phoenix. They didn't have as much $ to sink into the ambiance, but quality is top notch.
4	We were staying at the Westin Kierland next door and came to the Commons to get our grub on.  We decided to go with Zinc Bistro because we saw some beignets on their menu!  What we ordered: - Grilled Curry Chicken Salad Sandwich - Dungeness Crab Salad - Crab, lime, pickle, iceberg lettuce, tomato- Basil Grilled Chicken, Arugula, Mushroom Sandwich- Truffle Fries- BeignetsFood:  Everything we ordered was delicious.  Our one comment is that the basil chicken mushroom sandwich... had one or two mushrooms.  We were a little disappointed.  The beignet weren't really beignets.  They were like mini donuts.  Still good.  We were just expecting something a little different. Service:  Very nice.  Water service was good as well. Ambience:  Casual.  Outdoor seating is the way to go if it is nice and sunny outside. Overall:  Great lunch spot.  I would recommend it if you are looking for a good sandwich at a decent price.
4	Went there with my cousin and his Mother for lunch. We were seated promptly and served water. Our wait person, Frank, was extremely professional and kept my iced tea glass full and I drink a lot of iced tea! Had to try the French Onion Soup which Food Network singled out as one of the best in the nation. I thought it was excellent, but not superb and at approximately $15 you didn't get a large portion. It was a small bowl. I had the bleu cheese bacon burger and it was very tasty. It cost less than the soup! I would eat it again. We sat in an semi-outdoor room that was comfortable and had lots of large leafed plants. Overall, our experience was quite good. I would go back again!
5	If I had to get lost in a corner spot, this is it. I have a thing for the French and Zinc Bistro makes my top 3 places here in Scottsdale. Whether it's lounging on the terrace with my girlfriends or determining the compatibility of flirtations, you'll find me happily sipping on wine and soaking up sunshine. Otherwise, plant yourself in the darken room or back terrace for mysterious adventure.I don't think their menu items have escaped my insatiable appetite. My favorites are the beignets, pork belly, and truffle fries for starters. Trust me, you will perk up instantly with these. I never pass up the mussels because they know how to seduce me with the leeks, rosemary and garlic fries. I will almost loose my ladylike composure and pick up the hot pot to drink up the sauce. It's that frickin fantastic. My fave dinner item is the duck breast. Fatty goodness with black truffle. How does one go wrong with that? Your wallet might cringe but then I guess that depends on how you value self investment. I'm all about the return and this place is a sure thing for me. Service is always attentive and friendly with top notch quality food. Bartenders are fun and lively so you are never short of conversation or company. Seriously, you instantly become a Parisian dining here.
4	Just brought some friends from out of town (NY) and their only request was to sit outside to enjoy the weather before going back to the snow. Told the 1st host we had 7 people but forgot to mention "outside" but she had left to check out the table already so we followed up with the 2nd host (Asian girl) and asked if we could be sat outside and she said "We'll see what we can do". Ok. 1st host comes back and our table is ready and 2nd host (Asian girl) who we've been with the whole time walks us back to the table inside which prompts me to ask "So I take it this means we can't get a table outside?" To which she says "No". She didn't even try! We were with her the entire time! I look out on the patio to find that there was indeed plenty of seating so I just asked the busser who was about to set down our drinks if we could sit outside and he took the initiative to go find if we could. Sure enough, it was no problem and 1st host made it happen (who was never informed of it in the first place). So long story short, thank you to the busser and host #1 but Zinc Bistro, please tell Asian host lady that ignoring and blatantly lying about patron requests is no way to treat frequent diners. All that said, after many times here, this was the first time we've ever experienced anything close to poor service. The rest of the meal with our friends was great. Don't let lazy Asian host lady ruin your rep.I'm keeping a high rating because the food is great and the service is TYPICALLY good. It wouldn't be fair to let one lazy person ruin the overall experience.
4	A "quality" experience but it lacks intimacy, the service can be detached and the room nioisy. There are also too few good tables.
