4	I like to think of this place as Hummus Heaven.  There's plain hummus.  Roasted garlic hummus.  Kalamata olive hummus.  Hot pepper hummus (which is completely orange in color).  My personal favorite is the smoked white bean hummus.  Choose between a small tub or a large tub--the small tub's about the size of a container of hummus from the supermarket, a little more expensive, perhaps, but worth the extra money.In addition to hummus, the Greek Gourmet carries containers of fresh baba ghanoush, sleek, Greek bean salad, and rice pudding.  I'm also tempted by the glass display case of pastries.  There's baklava, of course, and spanakopita, and a variety of other sweet and savory pastries, most of the phyllo-variety.  I enjoyed the generous square of spanakopita I had, though I might have liked a few more layers of phyllo to better balance the hearty amount of spinach-feta mixture.There's also a $5 sandwich special--I believe the choices are hummus & feta, gyro, or falafel.  I haven't tried this, but it seems like a good deal, and the price includes a soda.  The Greek Gourmet closes kind of early, so it's probably better for take-out for lunch rather than dinner.  It's a nice alternative to other eateries on the block like Mineo's, Aiello's and Zaw's.
5	The Greek Gourmet is the go-to place for hummus.  Forget Trader Joe's, forget Whole Foods, definitely forget Giant Eagle.  All their hummus is made in-house (yes apparently there's a difference between something made in-house and something that's housemade; housemade can be made in someone else's house).  They have their hummus out for you to try before you buy it.  Apparently they also are one of the sources of hummus for Whole Food's, as they were out of their smoked white bean hummus the last time I went (its absolutely delicious and the smokiness reminds me of a summertime cookout).Most of their pastries are made in-house; their meat, cheese, and spinach pies are shipped in though.They also have other things like pastas and olive oils and what not, but I'm always drooling over their prepared foods to notice anything else.
4	Best Hummus in Pittsburgh.  By Far.
5	Some of the best hummus I have ever tired exists at Greek Gourmet. The store is literally a block away from my place, so I am very lucky to have such a great Mediterranean one-stop market so close by. They have a variety of different kinds of hummus. I like the smoked bean hummus and the hummus with horseradish. When you first walk in, the smell of fresh olives overwhelms you. This is olive heaven! Much much better olive selection compared to Giant Eagle up the hill at a lesser cost. I need to try out their prepared pastries and desserts the next time I go, which should be in the very near future. Overall, a really great Greek market for a mid-sized city.
5	I'm a huge fan of this place, located next to mineo's I've been right next to this place dozens of times and never gave it a look, boy was I wrong.  The hummus is amazing, I love the roasted garlic and I'm a big critic of hummus and this place has to have the best I've ever had.  The staff is so nice and inviting and I really love their gyros.  I believe it is 5 bucks for a gyro and a drink and the gyros are a pretty good size.  One had me stuffed but satisfied.In an area with so much to choose from this place is still original and has some great food and really friendly owners.
4	Satiates all of my Mediterranean cravings from hummus and olives to pastries. As previous reviews have mentioned, it is a bit more expensive but you know how the saying goes, "you get what you pay for". Paying more is definitely worth it when the quality of the product is superlative.
5	The best Greek food in town! The BEST hummus! Fun atmosphere! Cheap takeout YUMMY YUMMY!
5	I'm going to say the magic four words again: Smoked white bean hummus! Smoked white bean hummus!Get it. Enjoy it. It's one of the things I'll miss most about leaving Pittsburgh. This is not an exaggeration.The staff here is super nice, and the baklava and the shredded wheat pastry (kataifi?) are the perfect size if you just want a lil' bit of something sweet. While it's no $5 footlong, I'll take Greek Gourmet's sandwich special over Subway's any day.
5	Great, great place for cheap and authentic Greek food.The special that probably catches people's attention is $5 for a gyro and can of soda.  Every time I get it I'm always surprised at how much there is.  I'm always full after that.The hummus is definitely the best in the city.  It's all homemade and they change the varieties all the time.  One of my favorite parts of going there is sampling the different hummus they have on the counter.  I haven't found one I didn't like.And everyone who works there always seems happy to see customers coming in.  Just a great place to get some great food.
4	Go for one reason and one reason only- The many types of excellent hummus. Every flavor I have had is good and I will update further once I've worked my way through the whole menu.The other items are meh. The service is always warm and there are always new samples to try.
5	Holy hummus batman!!I mean, it's like a hummus party and everyone's invited.  Seriously, if you're a true friend you would invite everyone to this hummus party because it's so good!  Apparently with over 20 kinds of hummus, you can please them all.I tried a plethora of different ones but loved the buffalo, garlic and horseradish one the best.  I went home with the horseradish and have been happily eating it every day since.  Man does that horsey sauce give you a kick in the butt, but it's goooood!I also had a gyro with all the fixin's.  The pita bread, soft and chewy.  The lamb, loads of it and nice and moist, no dry meat here!  The sauce (maybe to me one of the most important parts) was awesome!  Love me some cucumber yogurt greek sauce... load me up with it and I'm good to go!  Plus, it's cheap cheap cheap, with gyro's at around $5 and the hummus being around $3.  You won't break the bank with this lunch/dinner/snack!It's a family run business and the owner is SUPER friendly and easy to talk to.  it's so awesome to see an owner that's so passionate about the business and happy to be there.  I know I'll be back for my stock of hummus, I'm hooked and I can't turn back now!!
5	This place supplies hummus to most of Pitt. Best place to takeout a hummus wrap or falafel any day. Also look out for 3 hummus packs for $10 deal with one of the widest range of delicious hummus.Fresh food, great taste and best value for money !
4	Very tasty gyro. It gets stuffed full of meat, vegetables, and sauce. Honestly, the stuffing full is what brings it a bit shy of 5 stars. While I appreciate the attention to quantity, the sandwich disintegrated in my hands before I could finish it, which made for a very messy lunch.
5	This is the BEST Greek Take Out Ever !I ordered the Greek Salad with Gyro Meat. And not only was it GREAT , But very reasonably priced and BIG. All the ingredients are fresh , and the staff is friendly and fast.I will be back to get the world famous Gyro and Hummus, but for now , i'm full.You have to give this place a try. I don't think you will be disapointed.
4	Love The Greek Gourmet! You can get a gyro and drink for $5! You don't have to get the standard Gyro-any of their Gyro sandos are only $5-which is a steal if you are in a pinch for dinner or lunch. Also-they are DELICIOUS! In addition to yummy gyros and friendly service they have a variety of hummus choices. MMMMM. If you are a lover of hummus like me you will super like this. The hub's favorite was honey habanero, my personal fave was spinach and feta hummus-but the gal at the counter let us know they come out with seasonal treats and will soon be having a sweet potato hummus- I'd try it :)The only down side to this place is there is only a small seating area (like one bar with two stools) so get it to go an enjoy it in one of Pitt's fabulous parks or come with a small party!
5	Great gyro and great service...I've had baklava before but the crap that comes in a box at SAMs club...I didn't really like the SAMs club version but I got to try some from this place...wow!!! Totally changed my outlook on the desert...it was like eating honey paper with walnuts...they heated it up just enough that it was ooey and delicious..mmmhGyro was awesome...lots of meat and veggies too...great cucumber sauce ...a lil sloppy tho.,.like a sloppy Jo Ill call this one a sloppy go...haha
5	This is the best  Greek take out in Pittsburgh. I usually get $5 Gyro that has very generous topping which also comes w a free drink. A true hidden gem.
4	LOVE IT!There's a million places to get falafel and humus in squirrel hill, but as far as I'm concerned the rest can take a hike, this is my spot. Everything they sell is delicious - all the humuses (humi??!?), tabbouleh, falafel, gyros, pastisio, mousakka . . . my only problem going there is I leave with way too much food!Also I really love family run businesses. My boy friend said he wasn't sure he likes Greek food. Grandma looked at him like he was stupid and told him to go wait outside. They have pizza next door for people who don't like Greek food. Love the food, and love that spicy granny too!
4	4.5! The hummus is SOOOOOOO good. Oh and I just had the most amazing gyro wrap there today too actually. I'm pretty sure it's family run, which is always nice. The space is a little small and old, but there are a few tables to enjoy your food there if you can't wait until you get home to eat (like me). We'll definitely be stocking our fridge with this place's hummus.
5	I have never liked gyros until I got a chicken gyro at this place and it was so delicious. The man who worked there was so friendly and helpful. Overall, if you have never tried this place, you should at least once.
5	If you don't work in Squirrel Hill, I feel bad for you son. Just kidding. Kind of. Not really.Greek Gourmet on Murray Ave is my goto move for lunch. $5 for a gyro AND a drink is the best deal in the city. Can't be beat neither. Their gyros and Greek salads are fresh and generous. Also, if you like hummus, they have a selection to die for. Personal favorites are their buffalo hummus and spicy avocado. Staff is super friendly, Mike & co are great! Be sure to get a punch card! 10 gyros and the 11th is free!
4	This is my go-to Friday lunch when I'm working at home. The gyros are huge and a solid deal at $5. The lamb is standard and the chicken is breaded which is a little odd. The sauce is heavy on the dill which makes the gyro. The hummus is worthy of 5 stars. Always solid and lots of flavors to choose from. My father-in-law, who refused to eat hummus, gave the buffalo a shot and loved it. Too bad he lives all the way out in NH. Other great flavors we've had are siracha, Gorgonzola and chive, and olive.
5	This place is the best!!!The gyros here are incredible! And huge! For $5, you can't beat it. Make sure to grab some extra napkins! I like the falafel too, but the gyros are best.And the hummus?! Holy cow! I can't even begin to pick a favorite kind. Honey habanero? Buffalo? Cilantro jalapeno?? Last time I went, they were 3 for $10. That's a price that can't be beat, either! (The same homemade hummus from this place are sold in other stores in the area but are more expensive with a smaller variety).You can buy ingredients and other stuff in the store, but I never have. There is only a small table or two inside the restaurant, so plan on taking your tasty lunch/dinner to-go.The people who work there are incredibly nice. I heard somewhere that they do catering as well, but I'm not sure if that is true.A gem in Squirrel Hill! Highly highly highly recommended. I recently moved away from Pittsburgh, but if I'm ever back, I'll be stopping here for sure.
4	You have to believe me when I say that the $5 gyros are HUGE. 3 days later, and I still have leftovers from the falafel gyro I ordered. They use high quality stuff in the gyros, too; the falafel was great, though I think I'm falafel'd out now! I'm going to go back soon to order a chicken gyro + baklava!
4	The size of their 5$ gyros are ridiculous. So much food, and solid too. Good staff
3	First off, the gyros here are good, and at five bucks, they are a strong value. The meat appears to be baked, sliced and grilled as opposed to spit-roasted and shaved, so the consistency is closer to meatloaf. Although I prefer the spit-roasted variety, the flavor is still very good. The rest of the sandwich was okay. Good pita, but the greens were basically a bunch of spring mix (tasted too strongly of beet) with too much tzatziki. The whole thing was sort of hastily assembled and didn't physically hold up. That would be okay if we didn't wait so long for the thing.Even before the lunch hour, our wait was very long. There was a single person working here and it showed. They were out of stock on sodas and it took about five minutes before they even knew we were there. The space itself needs repair: broken floor tile, damaged veneer, a mopping. I hate to bag on a small family-run business like this, but that stuff has to be taken care of and the service needs to be faster. I would pay more for that.
4	The gyros are not bad here - and if the sweet grandma makes it for you, they're huge! Otherwise they're a normal size, which is still very filling :). $5 with a can of soda. They have alot of different hummus flavors for purchase here too. Also, can everyone please stop calling them jai-roes?
5	This place is the best. HUGE portions, delicious, fresh, made to order. It is a family run business and they are adorable and lovely people, especially Yaya. I highly recommend the lamb gyro and the sun dried tomato hummus. Or the spinach and feta hummus, or the classic hummus, or the buffalo hummus, or the olive hummus... :)
