4	4 Stars because of the service from Marley. I have been to this location a few times just for ice cream, and she has excellent customer service skills. The location is not in the best of locations, but it is newer and the product has been correct on each visit.
5	I give it five stars :)The place is clean so I took a picture. But upon each visit their are flies inside the building. I gave a picture of my breakfast also and yes it was sooooo good. Yes, it was worth the drive. But I don't know about eating inside anymore because of the flies. I think I would like to take it to go. The staff are professional, nice and kind. And I give it 5 stars. Because the staff cannot control the flies.
5	By far one of the cleanest Dairy Queen which is a plus for me. My coworkers and I had lunch here since we were craving for some Blizzards, so Dairy Queen was what we all voted on. I ordered the chicken strips basket which came with fries, toast and 4 chicken strips. I also ordered a Butterfinger Blizzard, which was delicious and satisfied my craving for some ice cream and candy. The staff was really friendly and asked if we wanted our blizzards after our meal so it wouldn't melt. I also order my coworker a blizzard since he couldn't come with us and the lady put in the freezer so when we were done we can just grab it.
2	If you go after 7pm, you can bet that your order won't be right, or will be done half-a$$ed. On multiple occasions blizzards are half mixed, missing ingredient, or shorted the portion size. Its in a nice location, food and ice cream are good, service is the downfall.
2	It's just Ice Cream... 4 bucks for a 12 oz blizzard is crazy.. For that money I should have gone to a creamery and had something higher quality...
5	I come to this location every time I'm in the Vegas area! Best DQ I've ever been to. The service is top notch! Levi helped us out and was pretty amazing. The food here is pretty good and especially good when recovering from a rough night.
2	DQ has great food for the price point. I grew up eating DQ while living in both Texas and California. However this DQ always seems to disappoint. The food has the consistency of the other DQs I've visited. However the service here is always horrible. On my most recent trip here they gave my food to the table next to me. Previously I've encountered rude cashiers and people who I'm skeptical to allow them to get anywhere near me much less my food. If you can locate another DQ nearby I recommend avoiding this one ..or going to In N Out down the street.
3	Get it to go, the  counter chick is either deaf, or..... well, deaf.  She's been screaming orders the whole time we've been here. Screaming hello, scared a kid. I'm not joking. AND the Blizzards would NOT have stood the upside down test. It's clean, bathrooms, clean. Parking is iffy, stay on your toes, they cray cray in this lot. Fresh hot food, or fresh cold food, it's all good. The Pumpkin Pie Blizzard is better by far than the Apple Pie Blizzard. By far. Add Pecans to either one to make it triple good. Plus nuts are a superfood.
