3	This is a new Walmart in the Belmont area & it's a super Walmart....or whatever they're called. I do most of my grocery shopping here & they do have quite a large selection, but I mainly shop here because of the prices. While they don't have all of the specialty items I may like, they do have a good variety of things in each category. They have a deli/bakery as well to get your fresh bread & meat.I really don't frequent the other parts of the store that often, but it's just like your typical Walmart with so so much under one huge roof.
5	I highly recommend the Belmont Wal-Mart.  It is new and good looking.  Both the interior and exterior of the store are clean and bright.  This is a Super Wal-Mart, so their grocery section is extensive.  I have been here many times and haven't ran into problems with the employees.  This location isn't any different in regards to the staff not being easily accessible if you need help, but when you do deal with the staff they are friendly.  Prices are good, as expected with any Wal-Mart.  This is easily accessible from the two Belmont/Mt. Holly exits of Interstate 85.  It is also adjacent to Highway 74 (Wilkinson Blvd.)  I recommend this location over the East Gastonia store (too crowded, not overly clean), Ashley Rd. in Charlotte store (dangerous.. ghetto, crime problems but the store is clean), and the N.W. Charlotte Brookshire Blvd. @ Mt. Holly-Huntersville Rd. (nice store, but out of the way for most people).
3	I don't think I've ever reviewed a Walmart on yelp before, but there is always a first for everything!  This Walmart location in Belmont was pretty convenient, right off of I-85 (exit 26) and is right next to Lowe's Hardware Store.  I was in and out in a matter of minutes and didn't run into anything unusual.  Seems like the store was transitioning for the Easter Season so there were a lot of empty sections.  The store was clean, but I didn't get greeted at the door - must have come in during a shift change.
3	You take your life in your hands shopping at Wal-Mart late at night. Instead of a crowd of moms dragging their screaming kids around, you're dodging pallet jacks and stacks of merchandise in the aisles as the night time associates are restocking shelves.This is a Supercenter Wal-Mart, which means that it's as large as a small village with hundreds of associates that include a Tire & Lube, Vision Center, Pharmacy, a huge grocery section (with frozen, meat and produce) and the usual clothing and electronics sections. You honestly can't see from one side of the place to the other!Massive parking lot that is even bigger at night when it's empty.Associates were friendly enough and seemed to be pleased with the work they were doing. My cashier got the job done. It's a decent Wal-Mart.
5	My favorite Walmart I can get in and out quick
2	I'm so sick of this Walmart. As far as Walmart goes, it's a good Walmart overall, but there are like 5 items that are on my every-trip shopping list and they are out of stock 90% of the time. So frustrating. I'll be damned if I go another day without my spicy hummus. They still get 2 stars because when it is in stock, it's like 2 bucks cheaper than at Bi-Lo. Also, they have a new large self-checkout section that usually goes pretty smoothly.
4	It's Walmart...what can I say about it?! I do despise walmarts as much as I hate a dirty public restroom but this one ranks a 4 to me. If I have a choice in walmarts I'm going to belmont (if I really have a choice I'm going to Target!)This one always seems to be less crowded, less stinky and fat people and less women with mustaches. Plus if I'm dying to use a Walmart restroom (literally on the brink of death) this one is cleaner than most. I can always find a close parking spot and the employees are pretty darn nice for mega-chain marts that could careless if they piss off one customer. Plus their claw machines are awesome.
