5	Stopped by for their grand opening last night and had a great night. Never been to a PT's before so I figured this was a perfect opportunity to check it out, even though it was far SW. Apparently this place used to be an O'Aces tavern, but you would've never guessed it because the inside looked brand new and was not smoky at all. We arrived at 7 pm, about an hour late for the event and it was already packed inside! So packed that it took a while to squeeze into the bar area to place drink orders. Eventually we were able to track down a waitress to take care of us the rest of the night, otherwise there would've been a lot of waiting at the bar!They had a couple specials going on including $2 Stellas and $1 vodka or tequila shots...which were kinda gross, but hey it was only a buck! The gf had a couple of signature cocktails, which were full price but wasn't bad at $6-7.50 each. There were a couple of Stella girls promoting their beer and handing out gifts to people drinking Stellas. We got a Stella chalice glass and a bottle opener for pounding down Stella pints all night long.The bar area is big, and there are non gaming seats for those that just want to have a drink or watch the game. There is also a small seating area to the right of the bar for dining and another dining area just to the left of the restrooms. Overall seems like a pretty nice place to hang, especially with the 2 pool tables and a small patio area with gas heaters, which is where we sat despite the light rain. The staff was friendly and fast once they actually got to you and I don't see it being as packed on normal nights here. They have happy hour from 5 to 7 PM and again later on in the evening, featuring 50% off drinks and pizzas, so I'll have to come back to check that out in the future!
5	Love, love, love this place! Especially Jen the bartender! Never have to ask her for anything.  She knows what we wants and keeps them coming. My fav after work spot!
5	Great place to relax after work!!! Jen the bartender is the Best!! I recommend this place to all my coworkers at Southern Hills Hospital
4	Very nice new-ish PTs off 215 and Durango. Large bar, plenty of table seating and very spacious. Wasn't too smoky or crowded on a weekend night after work. Service was very good and food was decent. A great addition for drinks and grub in the area. I'll definitely be back for some drinks after those rough days at work!
5	Best PTs in town. I went here for a Paintnite event w/ my girl friend and the service was great. Our waitress was very attentive and always made sure we were taken cared of. I've been to a Paintnite event before; at a different venue but by far PTs hosted it better b/c of their wonderful hospitality. I will definitely come back here on a regular night.
1	Came here for a paint nite event and while I enjoyed paint nite, I didn't enjoy the venue.  I will avoid coming back here for a paint nite and won't be back for a regular night either.  Poor service.   The server in our room never asked my friends and I if we wanted any drinks and also skipped a lot of people in the room too.  I understand if it had taken her awhile but she just skipped us. The bartenders were rude, we weren't sure what to order and asked if she had any recommendations.   She just goes I have vodka, gin, rum, everything.  Well thanks for telling us what we already know but that's not what we were asking.  They weren't even busy but she acted like we were taking up her time.  I work in the service industry and would never respond to a question like she did.
5	Haven't come back to this place since it was an O'Aces Bar.  Glad I came back!  Jen is an excellent bartender. She is caring and always on her "A" game when she is there.  I will definitely come back when Jen is behind the bar.  Keep up the great work and service.
5	Fantastic location near west 215/Russell by the hospital.  We meet here 2X every month for our networking leads group. Gotta love 1/2 price happy hour 5-7 daily!
2	1.5 stars     Got a beer pretty quick, hence the two stars (Initial greet was quick). Feel like they are soo concerned with their switch over.      Most of staff kept skipping us- not even a look. Took 30 minutes & over half a beer to get a menu.     Got better after the female bartenders left. Don't come right before switchover because I feel that the female bartenders can only concentrate on one thing at a time- smh.     Later on the night, male bartender talks too much to one set of people. Ignores rest of the guest. Total time at bar. 11:30 pm- 12:55am8/22/14-8/23/14Total guest that came in and out: 9Is it cuz we're the only Asians? Soo hard to find a local bar where "everyone knows your name". Will be going across the street on Fort Apache. Got a 12x12 Togo container for 5 slices to go- smh. The guy met to me got a pizza box!!!
4	I used to go to this bar for a short while, before it was a PT's. It was always a nice bar. However, the service did not meet my expectations. I went there with my wife for our anniversary, to do a Pant Night... I was very impressed with the overall experience. The reason they received 4 out of 5 Stars, was the fact that it's very difficult to get in and out of the parking lot. The bar tenders were great! Quick to serve, friendly, and very efficient! I was very impressed that they remembered my name very quickly! The layout of the bar was very cool! It's an open floor plan, with an outdoor balcony, and private area!The bar was also very clean in all areas! I was especially impressed with the bathrooms.The food was uniform to any other PT's. We ordered the Pretzel Bites... The only difference I noticed, was that my regular PT's is better at presentation. I would definitely go to this location again.
