5	Great Price!! Customer Service is great!! Offered me different varieties and  the employee here helped me out with what ceiling fans I should get for my new home. I will be coming back for sure!!! 5 stars!! Amazing!!They Sell Lamps, Fixtures, Ceiling Fans, Pretty Much everything you can think of that you can put in your home.
4	Things to do on New Years day...Recover from a hangover !Well no, I am now an older, more mature Dave, so it's ceiling light shopping...Seriously, my life has come to looking for ceiling lights :-(Oh well, the wife wanted a new light for the bedroom, we hunted around (these things are expensive !) and we have totally different tastes, but we agreed on one we found here.original price $349, marked down to $159, the magic words "best price, cash, out the door"The response, $100...Sold !Ok, the have a good selection, the prices are good, the people are friendly, what more can you ask for ?
2	This place gets two star for the lack of motivation and want to wait on people. How does anyone enter a business and they turn up they nose and treat u like go away. They need lessons on home training and classes on how to treat customers and life lessons on how to treat they fellow man. The odd thing is all the people who work here are older they know better. I asked fifty time for help did I get it no. I was getting ready to leave when one lady decided she should at least see what I wanted. I spent 200 with her just to show the others what a little hard work can do. Will I return sadly yes the husband loves this location. Although I cant see for the life of me why
5	This is their outlet location. The prices are great and the people are friendly. Best bargains in town. All their clearance items are here. This is where you need to come to get great fixtures at low prices!
2	I bought a great lamp shade for a vintage lamp here. Yes, it WAS an outlet store. Yes, I got a great deal, however they only had 1 shade. I special ordered the second shade in April. Today's date is July 3 and almost $100 I prepaid. The store is closing or closed today. Still no special order shade so I went to their Summerlien location with hopes to find 2 shades. I don't know if I went at the wrong time but the customer service was horrible. They are either understaffed Or have incompetent sales associates. The sales woman tried to sell me a new lamp - I have a vintage lamp, why would I want to spend the $ and defeat the purpose. I was fed up, bought a shade and not happy with it. Is it really difficult to buy a lamp shade?
