3	Came here since we had free tickets...can't beat free right? The dancers that were half naked were totally unnecessary but I guess we needed something to watch while he changed outfits. The hypnosis was pretty believable. I don't know if I could allow myself to get hypnotized since I can never seem to fully relax. But the last trick of the show was pretty amazing. The only reason I gave it 3 stars was because he kept promoting his other financial advisory seminar throughout the show. Ok we get it, you want us to go to that too. It got pretty annoying. But other than that, I had a good time
4	Everything you want in a Vegas show! Comedy! Magic! Dancing! Drama! Hypnosis! Scantily Clad Women! And oh yeah, the star of the show, Marshall Sylver!This show is a solid 90 minutes of pure hysteria! Before the show starts you have some pretty women walking around asking if you want to volunteer to be on stage. My advice is to go for it! Now whether you are kept to stay on stage or not is another story. Either way you will have fun!So right when the show starts, those very same pretty women are up on stage dancing dressed in less clothing than they were earlier walking around. Of course they had some good looking guys dancing with them as well (no homo). As for Marshall, well he kind of makes a grand entrance which I wont give away but I thought it was pretty awesome! Once he formally introduces himself, he gets right down to business by having all the volunteers go up on stage. From my recollection I think there was about 40 us. (yes I volunteered!) To my surprise, out of the 40 I was selected along with 9 other peeps. What happens afterwards, is definitely in tune to "What happens in Vegas........" As much as I don't wanna give away the show, lets just say he has people doing stuff that they normally woundnt do. As for his finale, its definitely worth the climax building up to it. I have seen Anthony Cools, Hypnotique, and Kevin Lepine. I would say this one is pretty good considering its PG 13 type material.The only thing that was negative was that he had another business on the side he was promoting and it seemed like he was mentioning it all through out the show. I think just mentioning it once at the end should be good enough.
2	No. Just ... no. The most entertaining part of the entire show was the audience member seated to my immediate left -- who throughout the entire thing went absolutely bonkers for everything as if he were a plant (if he indeed happened to be a plant, then he might be the most enjoyable facet of the show for you too). This show is awful. Both definitions of awful: full of awe (in how shitty it is) and the new definition synonymous with terribly bad. I normally would one-star it but I must be getting merciful with age. This is bad. Just ... bad. - EEpilogue: the extra star in the two star rating is for the remote possibility that the audience member was a plant. I wish I can take him to every shitty show I suffer through: films, concerts, et al.
