2	i was in a bind and had to find a place close to work to get my nails done before i went to a concert.  luckily when i walked in i was taken care of right away.  the lady who started my nails was really nice and shot the breeze with me for a while.  then i had to wait 10 minutes for someone else to finish the nails.  the guy that came over to finish them had no sense of humor at all.  i would try talking to him or make jokes and he just sat there and didn't smile or anything.  the price was ok.  it cost $32 to get a full set with white tips.  i would recommend this place to anyone but make sure that you don't get the guy!
5	I've been coming here to get my nails done for about 6 years now. I love that they open a new package of instruments to work on your feet. Also, they're extremely friendly.  I always go as a walk in and they never seem to mind! Tanya does an awesome job, but they are all good!
1	I went here for a straight year. But my last visit has convinced me to never go back. I went for a fill in for my acrylics and they have me a person I have never used before. I waited a while because he was busy (which I totally understand) then he started with my nails. While shaving them down he cut my fingers (twice both times drawing blood) with the spinning device then whenever I winced he would get upset with me and tell me to stop moving so much. Then I asked him to make my nails shorter he filed the tips of two of my fingers instead of my nails (again drawing blood) he cut me 4 times in a single appointment! I haven't gone back ever since.
5	Ancala Nails  are the best!!!  They are like family.  They are friendly and professional. I have gone there for many years and they treat u like family. I love this place!!!
2	I've had my nails done here a couple of times. The girl that usually does the pedicures is great, talkative and personable, but the last time I went I also had my nails done. Just a straight manicure, nothing special. The girl was young, never uttered a word, got fingernail polish all over my skin, left me and worked on someone else when I said I'd like the paint cleaned off my skin, The worst part was that she used the same tools on the new customer as she used on me, making me wonder if the tools were clean when she started my manicure. Don't know if I'll go back, and wouldn't really recommend this salon now that I think they don't use clean tools.
