4	The rich wood decor gives you the feeling that 20- and 30-somethings don't belong here...but stay a little while and you'll soon learn that the menu is very modern (Asian-Pacific fusion) and their happy hour specials at the Fusion Bar can make you really happy! We definitley go for happy hour! The appetizers during happy hour are half-priced (and we're not talking fries and peanuts here!). The menu includes a whopping kobe burger and crab cakes and kabobs that are drizzled with mouth-watering sauces that I can't even pronounce. Well drinks and house wines are 3.5 and draft beers are 2.25. Plus, there's this musician named Ivan who does a mean Lyle Lovett, Counting Crows and even the Beatles (acoustically!). I consider this place a hidden gem!
5	wow, the happy hour here is killer for the gourmet food selection they have.the food is asian-fusion ( i usually hate when restaurants throw "fusion" into any description, it's such an overused trendy word, but i don't mind because it's so good), and during happy hour, their tasty and elegantly served creations are so affordable.think of it this way, you can either have chicken wings and fried zuchini for happy hour snacks, or, for a few dollar more, have a Kobe beef burger with matchstick fries, seared ahi or tiger prawn spring rolls. it would be a great place to take a new person your dating... familiar foods cooked outside the box that look and taste like their really expensive but are very reasonable.
5	Consider it a hidden gem!!! Shhhhh do not tell no one though.Tucked away by the south mountain and hidden from a casual observer the resort itself and its restaurant Latitude 30 are not something you accidentally run across, but totally worth seeking out. Restaurant itself is very nice with beautiful leaded windows and dark wood paneling. It nicely presents itself as a very classy, rich atmosphere lifted from somewhere early last century (And if you kick out all the people with tank tops and baseball hats, it will totally work for the set of some period movie.) Patio is very spacious and adorned with great flowers, trees and shrubbery. Hidden in there corner there is small lit fountain. It really is very romantic and peaceful. That is where we spent our evening - On the patio.Service was excellent without being obnoxious. We received free appetizer compliment of the chef. Actual food itself was superb and arrived rather quick. Their menu is not huge but full of interesting stuff you might be hard pressed to find easily. Wine list follows same guidelines. Our desert was free, which came as surprise to us, because i told them it was our anniversary, so that was unexpected and cool.All i can tell you - if this joint would be in Snotsdale it would be crawling with people, line would be insane and prices would be 3x as much. But, as its not, it was 1/2 empty, we had almost entire patio to ourselves, and whole dinner with a bottle of wine was a bit over $100. It was friggin great!!! Absolutely romantic place for a special occasion or a date."I like""Very nice"Eugene
4	As several reviewers have already said, this place is a wonderful spot for a quality-driven and affordable happy hour experience. The bar food is all 50% off during happy hour and well drinks are $4. We went around 6 pm and had two well drinks, a delicious Kobe burger, a chicken sandwich, and ahi tuna for ~$22. What a deal! The bartender was very cordial, and we had a great time sitting at the bar enjoying our meal and drinks (and, yes, I said MEAL!). I love happy hours that let you have a whole dinner but pay half the price! If you're ever in the South mountain area or near the Baseline/Guadalupe exit on the I-10, you should definitely check this place out for happy hour.
