4	I have used these folks for three years now. I added another of our properties this year. They make my lawn green and thick with grass.This is something that my brown thumb has never accomplished on my own. A little pricey but well worth the cost.
1	We have used this company for a couple of years.  They rescheduled multiple times due to all the rain we have had locally this summer and we rolled with it.  We called because of a weed issue and they came out and treated but it killed our grass in front and back.  We called them to report this and they came out and said they would fix it and we were thrilled with the wonderful customer service, great right?  Wrong, they later emailed us telling us it was basically all our fault because we were not consistent with our treatments and that they would only fix it if we purchased additional add on treatments and didn't miss one treatment for the next year or they would come back and make us pay for what it cost them to fix our lawn from their error.
3	UPDATE: After this post the president of the company reached out to me to apologize and explained the situation. He explained there were a series of items that were documented on my account incorrectly which led to the mis-communication. I've updated the rating from 1 star to 3 stars on the basis that I appreciate the follow-up and cannot provide comment on their actual product.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------NOTE: I did not receive any services from Secure Turf and cannot speak to their actual output. But, I set up an account with them and a consultation. The goal was to use SecureTurf to give my friend a lawn "make-over". What I got out of the experience was this:1. Unresponsive until it's convenient for them.2. Does not return voicemails.3. Does not follow simple account instructions (unable to differentiate between a service contact person vs a billing contact person)4. THE IMPORTANT ONE - Their quote was 5Xs more expensive than another vendor. ($125/hour to lay pine needles seems a bit excessive)Thanks, SecureTurf, for giving me valueable insight into the lawn-care industry.
