3	Three floors of a slightly more upscale version of Urban Outfitters. Cute crockery, dish linens, some decor items, scented candles and the Italian perfume line Tocca; also, small sized clothing for the young and 0 sized. I missed the shop at first , as the sign is on the side of the entrance and not very prominent, so  be on the look out.
3	The entrance is sunken and subtle as Lu mentioned so yes, keep your eyes peeled. Once inside it stretches up and outwards in a satisfyingly labyrinthine manner, getting bigger on the higher levels like a tree. A tree full of over priced but lovely stuff. The metaphor sort of breaks down at this point. There are lots of dresses, flouncy tops, blazers and pants that seem designed for the funky working girl to go, as they say "from day to evening." It's a bit too flowery (put a bird on it!) for me most of the time, but then I turn a corner and gasp, love, purchase some slinky little number, so I think I'm pretty close to the target demo. Cute housewares a la Urban or Pier 1. There's a discount section with some slightly marked down stuff tucked away in the back. The staff when I was there were very friendly, chill, smoothly bilingual. It's an American chain, better than some, and for the gal pals of mine who have been ordering from them online for years, a welcome savings to be able to skip the shipping costs and try the duds out downtown before buying.
1	Anthro Montreal, WORST customer service ever. I am not sure what is going on with Anthro in Montreal. Every other anthologie store I have been in has had amazing customer service but this store definitely does not. I wear a L or XL in most of their clothing. There is never an XL available on the floor. So a few times I have had to ask for a sales associate to check for an XL in the back and EVERY time I am told "there is no XL" without checking. Twice I went to someone else and asked them to double check and they found the XL!!!!!!! What kind of laziness is this? I am not sure if it's because they will have to climb three floors to check but the service is pathetic. They never offer to check another store or to call me when an XL  arrives. And t,hey have a lot of attitude to top it off. Even the manager does not seem to care or take the customer service issue seriously, so there is no recourse left. This store give Anthropolgie a very bad name. To make matters worse you cannot access the website because of the nazi French language laws. All the more reason, the store management should go out of their way to help you, but instead, they continue to perpetuate the stereotype that the concept of good customer service does not exist in Quebec. Sad.
2	I guess their target market isn't Mom's with babies... but I don't see why not - I have visited Anthropologie in every city that I've gone to that has one.... and I've dropped much moolah there over the years.... so I must fall into their target market...Anyway, I had to drag my stroller down several steps outside to get to the entrance, then down more once inside....   and then on that main level, I was able to look at a VERY select few items of clothing and some jewellery, and then I had to leave.  When I looked up, I realized there were two more storeys full of great selection of beautiful Anthropologie clothes... but how does one get up 2 flights of stairs with a stroller?   Staff didn't acknowledge me.  So that's why I left.
