4	Up until recently, Lorraine Graham Flowers was just a small store on Causewayside which I passed on the way into town or university - often noting a change in the wonderful window display or how bright the colours were of the flowers stood outside in the sun.For the latest mothers day then, I decided to go to this store with the intention of buying a nice bouquet to take home. However, as I stepped into the shop I froze - I know literally nothing about flowers.Thankfully, this wasnt a problem. One of the kindest staff members ever - who I was later told was the Lorraine who owned the shop - helped me pick out flowers, and was just generally very nice and chirpy.The flowers were beautifully presented, and there was an option of delivering - but I didnt take it up, so I am not sure how well the system works.As a result, i'm pleased to say was that my mum loved the flowers, and I will be returning again if the occasion ever presents itself.
4	A very cute small flower shop, and its obvious that the owner loves what she is doing. The place is literally overflowing with beautiful arrangements.I wanted something for my friends pre-graduation party that wouldn't cost me too much. The girl there was so friendly and helpful with great suggestions. She respected my budget area and didn't try and push it up like other places try to do. The flowers I got were beautiful and according to my friend lasted for a long while. Very pleased and would certainly return here for future flower needs.
5	Anna pretty much took the words out of my mouth on this one. I'm going to add one more thing. They have a extremely unique way of arrange flowers, very modern and bespoke looking. I can't (and won't) describe it any further, visit to see!
5	Lorraine Graham flowers can be recognised not only by the polka dot sign outside the shop but also by a little polka dot car that drives about with the logo on it. This is a nice little touch and every time I see it, I never fail to smile or the overwhelming urge that I'd like to go and buy some beautiful flowers... ahh the powers of advertising.The actual shop is stunning, one of the most beautiful florists I've ever seen with gorgeous chandelier style lighting and every flower arrangement designed to perfection. It's such a beautiful shop to browse and whether your looking for a bouquet gift, a potted plant, a single flower or catering on a larger scale then you can't go wrong here.
5	Just received a bunch of beautiful flowers from Lorraine Graham!Excellent made up flowers and very creative.Not sure the cost but is doesn't really matter when they look this good xxx
