5	This review is for a nail service.I called in the middle of the morning on a Monday to inquire about the new Shellac Gel Nail Polish service.  They do provide the service, but the nice young lady who answered said that their nail techs were not working that day.  We chatted for a few minutes about my dissatisfaction with my previous polish service at another place.  She then offered to place me on hold and call their nail tech and see if she wanted to come in to do my nails for me.  I was amazed that such a thing would even be thought of.  The nail tech said yes so we set a time for later that afternoon!  Yelena was the lovely young lady who did my nails for me.  She did an excellent job!!  I was thrilled with her attention to detail and how great my nails looked!  Everyone at the salon was very nice, friendly and professional.  The price was more than I was paying elsewhere, but you get what you pay for!  I will be a regular with Yelena from now on.  She is well worth the price AND a tip!
5	I was thrilled with my experience at Salon Vivace.  I went after work to get my nails done and a pedicure Lina is so awesome.  She has incredible patience I had an acrylic set that needed to come off badly and she wanted to be careful not to break my real nails so she soaked them until they all came off.  My nails look awesome she did this really cool half moon design with shellac love them!  She is great at freehand painting and can do just about anything she showed me some pics this girl has real talent!  The receptionist was very friendly and the salon itself was very cozy.  I highly recommend Salon Vivace!
4	My wife and I went to Salon Vivace because we had a gift certificate for their spa services through a hotel package. The package included a manicure and massage.The location is easy to find with ample parking in the connected parking garage. We were greeted with a smile and showed the waiting area for our appointments. My wife was taken back for her massage as I waited to be called for my manicure.The only drawback was the receptionist didn't tell me the nail technician was running behind, so I got up to ask if I would be taken to the back soon. She did apologize and informed me that they were running behind because a customer was late for their appointment.The manicure was my first and I was made comfortable by Lina who did an amazing job. I've never had my hands look so well.The massage was relaxing and the therapist worked out many of the kinks in my back.The atmosphere was nice and chill. I would return.
5	Salon Vivace is great. I've been a patron of a couple of other locations in the past, so when I moved to Charlotte I figured I'd give this location a try. I called on a Saturday morning to try to get a same-day appointment, and they were super accommodating and squeezed me in! I got lost on the way there (my fault, I thought it was on the other side of the mall) and called for directions - again, super nice! I ended up being 20 minutes late, but it wasn't a problem at all. No complaints about my service either (lip wax). I'll be going back!
