5	First of all this place gives you some space to look around and they don't follow you asking you every few minutes if they can help you. That being said when you do need them they are right there ready to help. This shop is packed with most of your wants and needs to get you on the road again. If you need any work done on your bike tell them and they have a few ideas of who can help you. Great Shop, Enjoy!!!
5	I love the Cycle Gear on Decatur! The staff there is friendly, but not pushy. They give you room to look around at your leisure, but are right there if you need any help. They are even willing to help order things they don't have in store. They have a huge selection of motorcycle gear, from helmets and jackets to oil and tires. They do offer military discounts as well!
5	Needed a tinted visor for my Shoei RF-1100 and picked one up a day later.  Employee named Charles helped me attach it right there.  He then offered to hold my original visor in the back since I had no room on my bike.  Great service!  Will definitely be back in there when I need some gear.
5	This place is great, after spending tons of time on the phone calling other cycle places looking for a battery for my Vespa, I finally got to calling them. "Yes we have it " was the friendly answer I got-and cheap too! I will be right over. I am a very happy customer! And they are open 7 days a week-zazz!
5	Cycle Gear is the best shop in Las Vegas for accessories, gear, and parts. The next best option will always be online sites, but with Cycle Gear they have people to talk to about your needs and inventory so you can see it first hand.They are the only shop in Las Vegas that carries Dainese, high quality riding gear. The staff is awesome! A few years ago I wanted to get a pair of Dainese Rossi Replica Boots. I went into the store and James had to try and track them down as they were a limited release. He found out they didn't have any more left, but still took the initiative to dig a little deeper. He asked for my info and the size I was looking for, I left and a while later he called to say that he did find one pair of the size I needed, it was at a warehouse location, but it wasn't in the system (which is why he said they didn't have any more). I told him I definitely wanted them and he had them shipped to the store, I picked them up a few days later.
5	Oh, Cycle Gear. You are the best for all things motorcycle. SPort Bikers and Harley riders alike come here. The staff all ride and are all awesome.
4	Awesome service from knowledgeable employees. Some disorganization in the store especially the riding boot/shoe section but that's more because of other customers who try on stuff and put them back in different boxes. How do you open a box that says size 11 and find a size 8 shoe?One of the employees apologized for this and got to fixing everything. Overall the service was really good and they're not too pushy about sales. They're actual riders who can offer feedback and personal experience with it comes to riding.Knocked off one star because they have A LOT of BiLT brand stuff. like...A LOT
1	I avoid this place if at all possible. Every time I see somebody or myself buy a tire from this place they give a sob story about how many people are ahead of me for mounting and it can't get done till tomorrow because of man power shortage and what not. The last time the one employee gave me the sob story about how many people were ahead of me for mounting then she asked the tech that does the mounting and he said none, but I'd be lucky to get it back the same day insert "excuses here".  It's not the employees fault though, they are all pretty decent. It seems like a management issue.
4	A friend of mine took me over to cycle gear so I could get sized for a helmet and jacket. Upon walking in, the staff was very friendly and immediately assisted me. They sent me over to the helmet section and someone was there waiting to help me! Sadly, the helmet I was looking for (Icon Airmada in rubatone) was not in stock. They let me know they could order any helmet or jacket I wanted though, so that made me feel much better! Since they weren't carrying that particular model, they let me try on other Icon helmets to figure out my size. Besides letting me try it on, they let me walk around the store with it for a few minuted so I could see if it was a good, true fit!Next stop was the jackets section. I was a little disappointed that there weren't many women's jackets on display, but the staff immediately put me at ease by letting me know I could order any jacket off their catalogs, and they would have it in a matter of a couple days! I really enjoyed my experience at Cycle Gear and will probably come to them again for my streetbike needs. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful, especially to newbies like me.
5	We've been coming here since we first got into our dirt bike hobby, and have been coming here regularly every time we need something or whenever we're bored and feel like buying something just for the heck of it. They seem to have the most merchandise in hand compared to other shops and always have a variety of selections of gears, parts, clothings, accessories, you name it! And if they dont, they can order it for you and it'll be ready to be picked up in a few days. If you don't like it for any reason, no worries... easy return!  Everyone that works there is awesome, friendly and honest. What more can you ask for? I love their Clearance/Sales section, they always have plenty of things there for fairly cheap :) They offer 10% military discount, but that doesn't apply towards clearance merchandise.
5	Great place veyr helpful staff without being invasive or pushy. Stopped by on impulse and walked out with some new gear.  Spoke with a very helpful guy named Darren i belive.  Great selectiin and great prices.  Will definatly be back.  You guys rock
5	It's hard to find fault with anything about this store.  The staff is ridiculously helpful and the products are top notch.  While the "everyday" prices are sometimes higher than online, the sale offers are usually downright cheap.  Add to that the no-hassle return policy and Cycle Gear is my favorite local place for motorcycle stuff.
4	Allways get good service when I go I  there.They have alot of good stuff..I usually buy every thing I need from there.But when you need tires changed they allways take for ever.  Usually a day or so.
3	i have always had pretty good customer service at this store but there are 2 things that just bug the crap out of me.1) its damn near impossible to find anything. I'm not sure who on the corporate level make the merchandising plans but shit is spread all over the place.2) here is my big one BILT. yeah there house brand of equipment. it started off small but it has taken over the whole store. its damn near impossible to find gear that isn't BILT brand anymore in the store. sure they still carry some shoei and aria helmets but even that is dwindling. want boots,gloves, jacket good luck. Sure they can order it for you and it really does come in quick but i want that stuff now. i want to try it on first not order it try it on then return it and order again.
4	I walk Cycle Gear at least once a month minimum just because of the stuff they put on sale. I don't ever really need anything, but for the right price ill pretty much buy anything if its a "deal". Super knowledgeable staff and is always helpful. I have had tires mounted here pretty reasonable cost, picked up boots and gloves for great deals, and even had an experience with a pair of gloves where the stitching was coming apart and they took them and replaced them no questions asked (now that's service). I buy all my oil change and chain servicing items here because i like to give them the business for my regular purchases just because their service is in point.
3	Very friendly staff.  MUCH larger location than the Pecos, but it feels like a lot of wasted opportunity because (1) it is a disorganized mess and (2) it's "Bilt" (their house brand) as far as the eye can see.  I am currently in a Bilt jacket, gloves, and boots.  It's generally disappointing and I won't buy it again.  That's about all this location has to offer.  The few things I might have bought, like some Icon gloves, Aplinestars boots, were extremely limited in options and again, entirely disorganized.  Just boxes randomly lining the boot wall.  Not organized by brand, type, size, anything.  Just grab a box you see in your size and prepare for the surprise! It's just rack after rack of Bilt.  They may as well give it up and change the name to the Bilt store.(The Pecos location is just much better organized so I know it can be done!)
4	Cheap prices on gear and they are always friendly and willing to help.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed  spending money there. The employees are very knowledgeable and friendly. Thanks Tanner and Kristin for your smiles. And last but never least DARREN!!!!! The most awesomest (LOL) one of them all. I enjoyed cracking jokes with ya and I appreciate your helpfulness and bringing that awesome summer jacket to our attention. We will be back for it!!!!!
5	I've purchased items a few times from this location and seriously every time the employees are awesome, knowledgable, and even beat prices on the Internet! Cycle Gear is my number one choice for motorcycle gear. Thanks to their great employees - keep doing what you guys are doing.
