5	These folks were SUPER! The dispatch/people who answer the phones were kind, professional and FAST! The electrician himself was really quick, professional and understood both my side as well as the clients side (this was a fix in a retail store). I WISH this branch could work all over the country because I would use them exclusively.
1	My electricity went out in both of my bathrooms.  I went down to the circuit breaker and reset all of the breakers.  The power was still out.  I read a positive review about Mr. Electric and called them to look at my issue.  I spoke with the operator who was very pleasant and was told that the electrician would be there at 9:00am.  He did not arrive until 9:45am.  My wife told him the issue that we were having.  He went to where the circuit breakers were and to the side of the circuit breaker there is an electrical outlet with a test and surge protector button.  He pressed the button and all was fixed.  The electrician was at my house not even 5 minutes.  He then proceeds to charge my family $150 for the 5 minutes of work.  I understand charging a fee for coming out for a job, but $150 for 5 minutes of work does not seem justifiable to me.
5	I had a problem and they couldn't get someone to my house right away. They actually talked me through the problem over the phone and it was fixed. I wasn't charged a dime - though it was a simple fix. Because of this, I will use them again
5	My power was out. The guy came quickly and fixed it in minutes; in fact, he didn't even charge me and wouldn't accept a tip. very nice, informative people. will never go anywhere else for my electrical issues
5	Very, very happy with their service.  I had every possible worst case scenario on how much I was going to have to spend and/or they would even understand my problem.  I have a home automation system, and it has been quite a chore getting everything working right.  Although the tech had me worried when he said, "I can't help with that", he troubleshot the actual power problem in minutes, and then reconnected my remote switch and "Let There Be Light"!  Better yet, I mentioned to him the other problems I'd been experiencing and he gave me very professional, logical answers as to what failed and why no work really needed to be done!  My Kitchen lights kept failing; turns out remote lighting switches don't like compact florescents!  I mentioned that my smoke detectors had started going off randomly after I installed the switches (they are on the same circuit) and he told me that the detectors are only meant to last 5-7 years... I was at 6!  Time for new detectors and bulbs!  When all was said and done, he only charged me for the service call.  Thanks SO much for your expertise, Adam!
