4	Had a quick dinner here a couple of weeks ago. Upon arrival I was the only customer and the place was still practically empty when I left but that I expect is down to a combination of it having only opened very recently and to the road outside being dug up.Certainly the service I received was good and the homemade lentil soup and the falafel salad which followed were both tasty, filling and good value for money.This is I think the only place of its sort that is open pretty late in the area and deserves to do well.
3	I love Turkish food and when done well is one of my favorite cuisines.  I have been to Istanbul and tried several restaurants and was blown away by their amazing food and ability to utilise every particle of selected meet and veg, so lets see if Truva is up for the challenge.The breakfast I had here today was very tasty but when it comes to representation and the first saliva creating effect of impression it didn't hit high score. I have worked as a chef de partie years ago and easily spot when something has been microwaved and sadly those dry crunchy micro beams was all over the edges of the turkish sausage. Other then that it was really good food and looking at the kitchen they are equipped for greater cooking, so maybe the musakka will be a surprise? Will try one day.Decor is beautiful with red walls and beautiful oriental lamps creating a relaxing atmosphere. I can imagine a great buzz here in evenings with turkish music and dance and hopefully this will happen soon :)One point I'd have to mention is that I had a cotton mop string right next to my table, not too appetizing, other then this it looks clean, but I think they would have more customer if they had an eye for details like mop strings and didnt use microwaves for food, only a bad organised menu needs microwaves in my opinion.
3	We were in the area of Lauriston a couple of months ago and when we saw advertised the "Lahmacun" (or Turkish Pizza, - meat with dough) we had to try this as we were a) very peckish b) keen om Turkish Food c) our last visit here was at the opening of the cafe and we always said to return. So to make good on that promise we choose a table. The place is big. It wasn't busy so plenty of space.The waitress was lovely and made some recommendations for us to order with the Lahmacun. Which was very filling but not as spicy as I was made to believe. I thin this is because Scottish/British people do not tend to eat spicy and they try to cater for that. Shame cause it was very very tasty! I understood that they were trying the dish out for inclusion into the menu - and offered it as a special. They even explained how it was made.I think they should put in the menu as it is a great dish and especially around the art college with all the students they would do a good trade! We had a nice meal and when in the are we will certainly put this on our possible places to eat / snack.
