5	I've been looking forward to trying Khotan ever since social house closed and I finally got to check it out.This review isn't focused on the food as much as it is on everything else the restaurant does right. We rolled in around 9 and got seated inside, facing the TI Pirate Show. Unfortunately there was a large, very loud group next to us so I asked for a different table and almost immediately we got taken to the loungy section of the restaurant that seemed much more secluded and still had a great view. They had some mellow music (random trip hop and electronica from what i can remember) playing in the background and the dim lights give the lounge a very mellow secluded vibe. Some of the decor is a carry over from Social House but it all comes together really well. The manager totally made sure we were comfortable with our new table and even the waiter made a nice comment about it.When the pirate show started we went outside on the patio to watch and our waitress later came out to let us know our food had arrived. The patio outside gives a great view of the show below and its way better than crowding on the sidewalk and i'm sure in the winter when it gets cold, its way better to stand up there by the heaters than in the 40 degree cold on the street.Towards the end of our meal we asked the waitress for a couple of club recommendations as we've all been out of the scene for a while and she threw some ideas at us. Even checked with a coworker to give us extra options which was definitely nice.Unfortunately we came there after already having dinner and weren't all that hungry. Ordered an appetizer and the dark chocolate eggroll which rocked. I can't comment much on the food since we ate so little of it but will say this: obviously this isn't a traditional restaurant so expect a fusion style menu. Also, if you're eating 2 normal adult sized dinners and your gf isn't some anorexic who considers a tic tac "a big dinner", I don't see how you can get out of this place for under $100.if you just need to put something filling and cheap in your stomach then go to chipotle or wienerschnitzel. Don't come in if you're on a super tight budget b/c stuff adds up but I feel like you have to splurge occasionally and this place is fun and sexy. The service is the best I've had in a while and made this experience excellent. I didn't get any snobby vibes from it. The manager even gave me a handshake on the way out which kind of surprised me but also left a good impression. Definitely coming back here the next time I'm in town. Hopefully i'm much more hungry too! I felt a little bad for barely ordering any food =/ Sorray!
3	We came here for dinner to celebrate my friends Birthday.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and the service is incredible but for some reason I felt like something was missing.  The food was decent but way over priced.  I guess for the money we paid I was expecting something else.  Overall it was a nice evening and my friend had fun so thats all that matters right?
3	Came here for a friend's birthday dinner. It has a cool atmosphere, but it's super expensive and the food is so-so for the price you pay. It's also super dark, so it's hard to read the menus. This is probably to hide that you're paying $45 for a few pieces of steak. If you're here at the right time, Treasure Island's pirate show will play right outside your window, so you can listen to the cannons and fireworks go off while you're eating a romantic dinner. That could be a good or bad thing depending on your personality.
2	Worst sushi rolls ever -- the shape and size of a box of Tic Tacs with chewy rice and a rectangular layer of raw fish on the top. Bland, difficult to eat. We were hoping it was the same chef as Social House (restaurant at what is now Khotan's spot) because there was a jalapeno yellowtail sashimi on the menu (like the amazing one we'd had at Social House two years ago). The jalapeno yellowtail sashimi was actually excellent. The rest of the meal was totally downhill. When we started walking upstairs to get our table, the maitre 'd called out, "Watch your step because if you fall, I'd have to laugh at you."So, they can't make sushi and they have some clueless staffers too. Don't waste your time or if you insist on going, try the hot foods versus the sushi rolls.
1	Not vegetarian friendly, the waitstaff lies, or the wait staff have no idea what ingredients they are serving. You take your pick, most likely all three are true. I asked our waiter a simple question, "Most miso soup is made with fish broth, do you know if your is?" He responded no and listed the ingredients. He reassured me it was vegetarian. As soon as my soup arrived and I tasted it I could tell it contained fish broth. The waiter was apologetic and I ordered another side dish.As we were leaving we spoke to the manager who claimed he came by our table and spoke to us during dinner. He had not. I left feeling like place was full of a bunch of liars. It would have been catastrophic if I had a fish allergy instead of being a 20 year veteran of vegetarianism.Too bad I will not be returning, the restaurant has a great view.
2	My girlfriend and I stayed at TI and we were looking for an easy dinner one night, so we decided to stroll into Khotan.  Meh...I wouldn't say the food was bad, but it wasn't good.  I think the best word to describe it would be: amateurish.  It would be hard to believe that they had real sushi chefs in the kitchen, or that they used high quality fish.  Some of the fish didn't taste like anything!  No taste!The service was pretty good, but our waiter didn't seem to know much about fish.Don't waste your money on the Jalepeno Hamachi appetizer.  I don't know how anyone could have the nerve to charge $22 for 5 tiny pieces low grade Hamachi (if it even was Hamachi) on a chip.  The Tuna Tartare wasn't that great either...  I've had better hors d'oeuvres at weddings.The concept of the Salmon Parmesan roll sounded good, but when eating it, the Parmesan didn't make sense.  I was in the mood for noodles, so we also ordered the Crab Lo Mein.  It was basically ramen noodles with a few pieces of tasteless crab on top.  I could've made ramen noodles and topped it with imitation crab for about $2 and it would have been just as good, or better, than their $14 dish.
1	This place was really good when it was Social House, now its just an expensive place to get sub-par food.  The place reeks like Ed Hardy perfume (below the restaraunt).  The service was ok, but the food was over priced and not up to Vegas quality standards.  I would definietly try somewhere else and not waste my money here again.
1	What a waste of time and money.  We had dinner thinking that the chef from Social House was still there but I guess I should have read the other reviews posted by yelpers.  I guess if I had to describe the restaurant it would by con-fusion...horrible creations that make you think twice about eating there (salmon parmesan roll, crab lo mein Alfredo, wtf?).  Terribly expensive and it seemed that the staff didn't care too much about what was going on around them.
2	The best description I can give about this restaurant is that it is the Panda Express of asian food and not worth the price.For appetizer we had the crispy asparagus. It was just japanese crackers deepfried around asparagus. Too weird of a texture but okay to eat. Only 6 sticks. So to me, 6 asparagus heads is not worth that price.I got the lobster curry. Again, for the price, it was not worth. i can get thai green curry for $5.95 down the street and throw in some steamed lobster and get the same effect. hubby got korubuta pork chop. okay, but have had much better elsewhere.the place is also really dark, to the point where you cannot read your menu. you have to put the menu an inch away from the candle on your table. lame.and the TI sirens show in the background is VERY annoying.skip this place. and TI, please don't make lame asian restaurants. it's an insult to the main demographic of your casino.
2	Was craving sushi after walking around the outdoor mall at Treasure Island. Just happened to come across this place. The food wasn't bad but it wasn't necessarily good either. Decor is nice, service is average, the bartender was cool though. For the price they charge I would pass on this place. I know it's Vegas but there's some standards you would expect based on the price and the food just didn't meet the standards in my opinion.
2	Sushi was very average and very expensive with no wow factor. Tasted just "bleh". Miso soup was very salty and ginger salad was made from a lot of weird lettuce that was not cut small and difficult to eat. Took a long time to get the salad. We asked to sit on the balcony to watch the show and they gave us a table at the backside so we couldn't see. Service was barely ok and kept making excuses why it was taking so long.
4	I can't say from my experience that I understand the mediocre reviews for Khotan. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal. We didn't have the sushi and stuck to mainstream pekinese type dishes; lettuce wraps, edamame (ok, they're Japaneze), lobster curry and sweet&sour chicken, all of which were fresh and tasty. I suspect this place may suffer from an expectations standpoint. It is not that expensive, we paid approaching twice the price at Jasmine two nights before for a similar quality meal. I am going to brutally honest here and suggest what is expensive to a TI guest is not the same to a Bellagio one ( we are neither by the way). Give this place a try. We really liked it.
5	You can IGNORE all the complaints regarding price as this restaurant (formerly Social House, and formerly Khotan Pan-Asian Cuisine) now goes by the name of Khotan Asian Bistro and has a NEW menu with lower prices.More importantly, there a few restaurants in Las Vegas that offer a more impressive atmosphere.  Anyone comparing it to "Panda Express" or even "PF Changs" is simply not doing this place justice.  The modern and sleek decor hasn't changed too much from the days it was Social House except for the fact they have added some stunning jade and ivory sculptures on display.Most importantly, the food presentation, taste and service are well beyond expectations for a "reasonably" priced restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip.Can you get Asian food as good or better at a lower price down the street (Spring Mountain) in Las Vegas Chinatown?  Yes, of course, but no where near the same dining experience in terms of location, seating (indoor/outdoor), ambiance, and cool vibe.I would challenge some of those that previously rated this place less than 4 to give it another try.  Unless you are a complete foodie-snob and/or have no clue what a "normal" price is for a Las Vegas Strip restaurant, it will be difficult to rate this dining experience lower than a 4.  Of course, that's IMHO.
4	***for lounge only****Maybe I like this place only because my friend and I stumbled upon this place during happy hour.  Oh the two best words ever.  We ordered from the cocktail happy hour and I got some cranberry concoction (don't remember the name) and my friend had the asian pear.  I liked mine since it's tart as I like it but my friend didn't care for it. She did love her asian pear though since it was pretty sweet.  We were going to have dinner so we didn't splurge on appetizers but the couple next to us took advantage of the happy hour prices.  I took a peek and it looked like it was good since they ate every bite of their sushi rolls.  Bartender was really nice as well.  Noted, maybe on a weekend this place is poppin' but I enjoyed the quietness in the busy Vegas atmosphere on a Thursday night.
4	While looking for a restaurant on the strip that had excellent decor and a romantic atmosphere, but at the same time a reasonable price, i found Khotan.The service was good, our waiter was very social and always kept our drinks filled. I tried out the orange peel beef and my girlfriend tried out the Khotan beef both were very delicious dishes, but me being a fat ass was still hungry after since there isn't very much in the plate.what i suggest: 1. Eat out in the patio if you are going to be there at nightfall, Khotan is right above the pirate show at T.I.2. Chicken lollipops! really good appetizer
2	I was extremely excited to visit this restuarant since I"d been planning my reservation there for weeks, thanks to a smart groupon buy.  I have to say our seating was amazing out on the scenic deck.  However, I do have to say, that the food was blah.  I ordered the Salt and Pepper Prawns and the waiter expressed to me that they had a few shells underneath HOWEVER the Prawns came whole, fried with shells and eyes.  I mentioned that I was expecting a few shells but couldn't eat through these,,,he said well, I told you that it came with shells and half-heartely offered to recook them.  This only after the plate had been sitting for twenty minutes.  He avoided our table like the plague as I could tell he could clearly see I was NOT eating.  AT the end he offered a free dessert but by that time it was a little too late for me.  I don't like to compare high end asian restaurant to PF CHANGs but on this night PF would win.  Try The GRand Wok in the MGM grand.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to go resturant hunting on our visit in LV for our 1 year anniversary..we didnt have a spot in mind but on our many, many, many walks on the strip we found Khotan. So I decided to call and make a reservation since I didnt know whether it was a forsure spot we would get in for dinner. *WHICH I DO RECOMMEND, BTW!* We got there and were greeted and waited in the longue/bar area..it was def cute, we were soon taken to our seats in the patio area (which i also do recommend esp if you come around the 9 o' clock time frame for the pirates show.) OMG, when were going up there are beautiful gold deposit boxes all around then you hit the patio/seating area and you get a great view of the strip AND the pirate show..feels  like the fireworks are going to hit you haha.The food was great, me and my bf def recommend the chicken lollipops for a appetizer (get two bc i could finish that whole plate if i didnt have to share with my bf HAHAHA). You def wont regret it, I ordered the Khotan Beef plate and it was actually good! I wish it did have a little more but I was full forsure. My boyfriend had the Orange chicken plate I believe and he enjoyed that plate as well although he did wish he had more food on there...just b/c hes def a fattie. hahaOverall, great place for some pan Asian food, GREAT SERVICE btw!, great views, free show of the pirate show w/o the bussling of the crowds, patio seating is great and def a great overall resturant in vegas.
4	My four stars are for the lounge area and the food.  The service in the dining area was lame.The lounge was great.  During happy hour (5-7PM) there are drink and app specials. And since ISLA was packed to the gills, my fella and I decided to check out Khotan.  The barkeep was friendly and chatted us up while we sat and watched an NBA game. We were so pleased with the service and food (spicy tuna roll -- YUM) that we decided to come back a couple hours later for dinner.The dining area is upstairs.  Getting up there is quite a sight - floor to ceiling gold drawers. Pretty impressive.  Once seated (inside) we quickly realized we should have sat on the patio.  The inside of the restaurant was dark.  Not mood-making-romantic dark.  More like push-that-candle-here-so-I-can-read-the-menu dark. Oh well.We ordered a couple entrees (pad thai and singapore style noodles) and a Tom Yum soup.  The soup was super tasty and chocked full of amazingly tender chicken.  My one gripe about the soup...there were pieces of fried scallion (or something...I couldn't really see what it was) that was really fiberous and unpleasant to eat.  I ended up picking it out of my soup.The pad thai was to die for. Super tasty and a really great portion.  I did raise an eyebrow at the price ($15) - but hey, it's Vegas baby.  My fella loved the singapore style noodles.  He would have licked the plate clean if he wasn't so classy.We enjoyed a two-for-one cocktail with our complimentary voucher from Treasure Island and both opted for the ginger mojito. (Give me anything with Canton in it and I'm set. Yum.) So - let's talk about the service. The servers were polite and great when we saw them.  We had four different servers at one point and before any of them could get to our table to take our order, the barkeep came by since we had been sitting (unattended to) for about twenty minutes. This could have definitely had to do with the fact that for a while we were the only ones inside the dining area, but the servers never acknowledged the crap service.  A simple, "Sorry 'bout the wait" would have sufficed.  Oh well.Good thing the food is so good. I'm dreamin about that pad thai. Mmmmm...
3	I'll echo what others have said.  The service was poor.  This is a $6 million upfit and it's gorgeous.  The food is good, but not spectacular like the atmosphere.Lots of potential here in the front and back of house.
3	I ate at Khotan tonight with my husband, sister-in-law and her husband. We were there to use our Groupons before they expired.The service was really good. So was the lighting. We ordered the sliders, Tom Yum with chicken and the crispy asparagus to start. The sliders were pretty darn tasty with a side of pickled ginger that our server recommended. The Tom Yum was really good too. The asparagus came out ice cold. They brought us another one, but it still wasn't great hot. The coating is way too thick. We all agreed that they use Rice Krispies for the "fry."For dinner, we ordered the Pad Thai (awesome), Khotan beef (decent), and crispy walnut shrimp. All of us like walnut shrimp from Ping Pang Pong and China Mama. We were expecting it to be hot. It was cold. Apparently, that's the way they serve this dish - fried cold shrimp. Once we knew, it wasn't that bad on the bed of vinegary salad. Just wasn't what we were expecting.Our dessert of mini-cupcakes was comped. The worst cupcakes I've ever had. Three cupcakes - mango, coconut and chocolate, each with their own sauce. I really, really wanted to like them. They didn't taste fresh and were too cold. The cake wasn't fluffy and was really dense. The restaurant is beautiful. Worth a try. Don't expect miracles.
2	Khotan sucks as a place to eat. The girls and I went to this place for "Dinner" but really all we got was appetizers. We went during happy hour so it was suppose to be cheaper, but it don't mean the size is bigger. I ordered some spicy tuna and it was $7 for like a tiny portion that didn't do anything for me at all. The roll were so tiny it was about the size of a quarter and I got four of those. BOO times 2. The only reason this place got two stars out of me was the bartender. They both were entertaining and he gave us some drinks for free. Atmosphere is really not impressive either.
3	Like several other reviewers, I went to Khotan because a friend had a Groupon and we of course waited until the last minute to use it.I checked out the menu before going and was really scared.  It really looked like a Panda Express menu with such exotic choices as sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken, and beef and broccoli.  Authentic, Khotan is not. But, hey, it's food and we had a coupon.The decor inside is really wonderful, with really interesting jade statues, ivory carvings, and a wall of gold, vault-like boxes. A++ for effort there.We were seated outside and it was  a nice night.  But, seriously, that Sirens show is craptastic and if you're not a fan, sit inside.We ordered Khotan lobster, chicken lo mein, brown rice, and a tempura platter.  The sauce in the Khotan lobster is great, but, gasp, it's $36. The chicken lo mein was "eh," very boring and the chicken was slightly overcooked. The tempura platter was delicious but anything fried always is.  I'm conflicted because I generally liked the execution, food, and service, but it was such a boring menu I'd probably never go back.  If you want expensive Panda Express-esque food with a strip view, however, this is your place.
2	I came here back when it was social house, and now Khotan. I tell you it's like night and day. And I don't mean that in a good way. While the decor hasn't really changed much. The menu sure has and not for the better. My experience here while being social house was so wonderful. I figured regardless of the name changing I'd give it a shot. Boy was I wrong. Like I mentioned before the decor is still unique. Dim, sheik, very Asian like of course. But wait, they use to have a dj in the lounge area. Gone, go figure. And the waitresses from what I remember were a lot nicer. Anyway. I ordered a few sushi pieces, with some chicken like kabobs. I believe a salad. Had a few beers. Sushi was very Mediocre. Chicken was dry. Salad was salad. Can't really remember anything memorable from my meal. Aside from the overpriced food. A big disappointment. I doubt I'll be coming here again. Only reason I'm even giving this place 2 stars is because it was once social house. Anyway if over priced wanna be asian food is your gig. Along with half ass service. Be my guest.
4	Only 4 stars because of the expense--without our $55 Groupon, our meal for two, including one large house sake, would have been over $100.However, even if we hadn't had the Groupon, it would have been WELL worth the money. What a find!! The decor is gorgeous, we were waited on by two attentive garcons (sat at the sushi bar so chatted with the sushi chefs as well), and the menu is extremely creative and--most importantly--DELICIOUS. Our waiter recommended the yellowtail appetizer with tempura jalepenos in a light, yummy sauce and WOW was he right. We both "mm'd" through our whole meal, starting right from the tasty beginning. Every piece of sushi (we got the large maki for dinner so we received about 20 pieces of sushi) was fresh, generous and absolutely fantastic. By the time we finished our large dinner order we were almost full, but definitely not ready to stop eating! We each ordered another round of nigiri--my boyfriend got tuna and I got salmon, YUM!What a hidden gem...thanks to Groupon for helping us find this one! We will DEFINITELY be returning next time we're in Vegas.
4	Recently ate at Khotan. The food was quite good. I had the cashew chicken and my wife had sweet and sour chicken. While somewhat expensive, and the service a bit slow, it was a good experience overall especially with the Groupon discount saving us $25.
3	The restaurant was pretty slick, great atmosphere and a really cool patio. If you happen to go for dinner the pirate show is pretty cool since you are watching it from the back side of the boats. The Edamame was really buttery and apps were spot on. The drinks were great, and my ginger mojito was really refreshing after a long day on my feet. The reason this wasn't a 4 star was because my diner was rather salty and not much better than something I would get at my local Chinese take out place. The food was so so, but the drinks, app and atmosphere were great.  Worth a visit and they frequently have Groupons and happy hour specials.
4	I love the decor and vibe of Khotan. A little hard to find at first but once you enter, it's worth the search. I really liked the safe deposit boxes in the entryway - made for some cute pictures. Food: Yum! I think it *may* be hit or miss based on reading other reviews but we chose wisely. Here's what I liked:Spicy tuna roll - just enough spice, quality fishCurry noodles - love the curry they used, definitely singaporean. big shrimps. Ginger chicken with broccoli - a lighter option with clean flavors.Service: Great! Our sever recommended his favorite drinks and was helpful answering questions about the food.This would be a great date spot. I'll be back to enjoy the atmosphere :)
2	Not worth the money. Bad drinks and equally bad overpriced food. The pay roll was bland and possibly the worst I've ever had. It made the $35 roll taste even worse. The mongolian beef is better at P F Changs.Service was good. Decor was very nice. It takes alot  for me to say these things about any place. Good luck.
2	Mediocre food. 50$ for one person. I could have had better food at Panda Express. The orange peel chicken was cold and lacking flavor. The veggies in the dish tasted like they weren't washed before being cooked. Only good thing about this place is the atmosphere, it is the only reason I didn't give it 1 star.
2	We went there to celebrate our anniversary. When we called to book a reservation, they asked if it was for a special occasion. When we got there, no one congratulated us. No one seemed to care that we were even there. There were lots of staff walking around, but most of them seemed to be chatting amongst themselves. The food was ok, but not worth the $67 bill for 2 dishes and one drink. The jade exhibit was amazing and the atmosphere was good. It could have been better. We were interested in dessert, but got the impression that there was none, until we were asked after we finished dinner. I would have made room if I knew there was dessert.
