2	The Wild Elephant has a problem. The food is nice- I personally recommend the Thai Red Curry, which was very good. The service is also good, with excellent and attentive staff who are friendly and charming.At this point, you may be thinking 'but isnt the food and the staff who serve you your food what makes a restaurant great?' - but I can assure you, there are some big problems.Firstly, The Wild Elephant certainly is a wild one - with eratic opening times which one would assume has no bearing on actual peak times of people wanting to eat in Thai restaurants, its best to ring up and book to make sure you are not dissapointed to find out that the restaurant isnt open when you want it. More so, as our night wound on the feeling that the staff were waiting for us to leave was awkward and unpleasent - but the staff (to thier credit), did remain happy and helpful until we were finished of our own accord. Secondly, the interior designer needs to be shot - an update to the 80's decor is desperatly needed! Not a huge thing, but enough to put a downer on the evening on account of being so dull.Lastly, and this is a big one - the price. The Wild Elephant is expensive, and needlessly so - other restaurants of this standard are charging half the price for the same food.The over all experience is of good food and friendly staff, but in an atmosphere of being unable to relax, for fear of being thrown out of the 80's with a huge bill.
3	I love Thai food so I was very excited to try this place out. As you walk in you sort of forget the busy street outside but you are sort of pulled into a restaurant that could do with a makeover. The lady serving us was very polite and efficient. The food was good,  I particularly enjoyed the duck dish (I'm terrible with names) but my friend's soup was rather tasteless.  They do take away too (you have to pick it up) but as Jonathan mentioned it's rather pricey for what it offers, and it's not like it's in the most upmarket area of town either. Oh and definitely call beforehand!
4	I had walked passed The Wild Elephant everyday when I was in first year going to my classes and I always intended to go in as I love Thai food, but it took me till my second year to actually step foot in the restaurant. The inside decor of the restaurant looks very 1970's and it is covered in elephants and you could easily be mistaken for thinking you were actually in Thailand. The staff were incredibly inviting and attentive and there was an excellent selection of dishes on their menu, with a great veggie section too.I chose dishes which were house specialities and I had the chicken in Thai Green Curry which was gorgeous and my friend had the tempura which she adored as well. The portions were a decent size and I thought the dishes were reasonably priced for what they were.  I saw other customers in the restaurant bringing in their own bottles of wine which would definitely be a cheaper option than ordering the restaurant's wine. The White Elephant is definitely worth a look.
