4	I happened to see one of those roadside signs advertising this place, when I was on my way to the other market that I usually go to, and, having a little spare time to squander, I checked it out.  It seems like they will be a market similar to the Kings' Drive market, only inside a big warehouse space. They aren't quite open yet, they are "soft open", which means they are in there but they don't have a full selection.  I got a watermelon and some delicious little tomatoes, and the staff says they'll have over 150 items in stock when they open for real next week.
5	Large selection in small quantities. Every thing looked very fresh. I bought tomatoes, cucs and potatoes. REALLY wish I had bought the blueberries, they were cheaper than Food Lion. Super friendly staff! I will definitely go back. I was a little confused about where the front door was (big bay door opening that looks like a loading dock) but I managed :)
5	This place might be the one thing that keeps me living in the general neighborhood for longer than I intended to be here. I've been twice since they opened and both times it was better than going into a supermarket.My first visit I got all organics (cucumber, kale, peaches, sweet potatoes) except the watermelon. My second visit was specifically for those organic peaches, which tasted better than any peach I can remember eating. Ever. I also picked up a few lemons.It's all so so fresh and so good. And so close. This place makes me feel like I could become a summer vegan...
5	This is my first stop for fresh fruits and veggies now.  They have a descent selection, and I enjoy supporting local businesses.I wish they got more traffic.  I encourage everyone in the area to stop by and check them out.They are in the lot across from Amelie's, sharing a building with that big antiquing place.
4	Hurray for Groupon for introducing this place.  I try to support local businesses and local enterprises as much as possible, and luckily, this place has allowed me to do just that.The other day, I was seriously lamenting that Charlotte does not have enough markets that are open on Sundays.  And then I saw that this place was open seven days a week, which made me very, very happy.  This market is located indoors, across the street from the plaza that houses CAST and Amelie's.  It's pretty easy to get to, and it has a decent amount of parking (albeit, the lot is kind of tight), and will be open year around.  While they do not have a giant selection right now, they have a large space that can easily house more produce.  The person working was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about the future plans for the market.  Just make sure that you realize they are cash only right now; however, they do have an ATM inside, just in case you forget to hit the bank along the way.Right now, about 90% of their produce comes from local North Carolina farms.  Much of what they sell there is also organic.  I was also told that they plan to expand soon by offering local grass-fed beef, pork, free range chicken and eggs, which is always quite exciting.  As far as prices go, I thought they were very reasonable.  I walked out of there with two peaches, two large tomatoes, three ears of corn, a cantaloupe, a head of garlic, and two cucumbers for around $11.  I just sliced open the cantaloupe a little bit ago, and it was very ripe, juicy, and delicious.I can't wait until they expand and offer more selections.  However, that won't stop me from going back to get some fresh, local fruits and vegetables in the meantime.
4	I am no Suzy homemaker but I like to visit farmer's market, for one it's good to support local businesses, and it inspires me to eat veggies I normally wouldn't have tried. This place is relatively new, only 2 months old, and it doesn't have as much items to offer.  However, the guy in charge mentioned they are in expansion mode and will be including other items (like prepared food and bakery and dairy).  And they have a suggestion box, you can always throw in your ideas for new items. They open everyday which is rare and excellent. I cannot wait until it gets bigger and better. For now 3 stars is the honest rating for the actual offering, but 4 stars for the service, the hours and the potential.
5	SUPPORT SUPPORT SUPPORT. I love that we have this fresh market in the neighborhood. Understand that the owner tries his best to keep only the most fresh (and local) products in stock do his shelves aren't going to be as full as Harris Teeter. He's slowly transitioning into having more than produce but it's going to take some time. He's also working on getting a butcher in there do that we can order some fresh meat. My husband and I try and stop by at least twice a week just to pick up some fresh veggies and support. The more business we send his way the more he'll be able to grow/expand. We love it and hope you will as well.
2	Perhaps I caught this place on a bad day. I wasn't as impressed as other Yelpers. I went to use the Groupon offer. It was limited to just produce which should have been cool in a place called a produce marketplace. There just wasn't a lot to pick from when I went. The vegetables didn't look particularly vibrant. I ended up tossing two ears of corn after cooking them. They weren't good.I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt. Maybe the stock had been picked over by the time I came through.
