4	One of the best places I've found for an oil change.  Especially for a chain, they are always honest with me about how much I can safely get away with, and explains all of my options thoroughly and don't mind me walking away to compare their services to other providers before I make a final decision.Highly recommend the staff here for a relatively honest and low-pressure experience.
5	Very professional and fairly priced. The manager Chris is super friendly and personable. As a female, it's not unusual to be given higher prices and taken advantage of. This does NOT happen here. In fact, their prices were most competitive.  I will use this location for all of my auto needs.
5	Every time I come to brake masters, I leave feeling the crew care about their jobs and car service. everyone is professional and they get the job done with VERY reasonable prices.
5	I got a quote from kia dealership for new brakes.  The quote seemed high so i called brake masters.  The gentlemen, i think his name was Ken... was so friendly and customer service oriented.  I did not need an appt and they took me right away.  He told me all the things that were wrong and i paid $100 less than i would have for genuine parts at the dealership.While sitting in the waiting room, the asst manager was just super friendly and a nice person.  I would highly recommend this location to anyone who needs new brakes.
5	Great service great price!!! They'll take any competitors coupon even if the deal is an amazing deal. I paid way less than I expected for my very worn out breaks.
1	Terribly incompetent. Three days, two alignments 300.00 worth of unneeded parts and car still needed aligned from a different place.  Not to mention that my car was returned with the check engine light on.
5	Had a serious flat on a holiday weekend. Was with my 5year old and couldn't drive at all on the tire because it wouldn't even hold the slightest bit of air (I sliced it when I hit the curb on a turn). Popped over to these guys who were already closed but they opened up their workshop to put my spare tire in for me. Thanks so much for the help guys!! Makes me remember that there *are* still good people out there :)
5	Very professional and polite customer service. David is very knowledgeable and helpful. The prices are the most reasonable and they will beat any other quote you bring them. They don't try to pressure you into anything, but they do inform you about your car and show you so you understand what, if any, service your car needs. I highly recommend them.
