5	As far as auto repair places go, Airpark Auto is one of the best. They are professional, organized, and most important, they don't seem to be out to rip people off.I've never had a problem making an appointment at Airpark Auto, and they have a free shuttle service to take you back to work or home and pick you up again when your car is done. The desk staff is courteous, and sometimes the owner will even answer when you call.  The shop is AAA certified which means their repairs are guaranteed to some extent, and there is an arbitration process they must go through if you have a dispute. They are also certified as a "green" shop which means they meet certain standards of environmental responsibility.I've brought several cars to Airpark Auto numerous times and I've always had a good experience. They are honest with their estimates and will not perform unnecessary repairs or inflate the work order. They post coupons on their web site but will give them to you automatically.The only complaint I have about this shop is that the oil change technicians seem to lack a degree of attention to detail. I started bringing my cars here for oil changes so I could get certified mechanics rather than whomever they dig up to work at Jiffy Lube. On two occasions they returned my car to me missing valve stem caps, which baffled me because I was getting low tire pressure warnings at the same time. If they removed my valve stem caps, presumably to fill my tires, why was the pressure low? I brought it to their attention the first time and they replaced the caps. The next time I came, the caps were intact when I picked up the car. The time after that, two caps missing again, and low tire pressure. I was pretty annoyed and I didn't want to scream at anyone, so I just left.Overall, great place, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. If I had gone in and complained about the caps that day, I'm sure they would have made it right.
5	I've had three visits to Airpark Auto Service to date and I'm very happy with my experience with them. Two of the times were simple oil changes. It all ran smoothly. After each oil change visit, they would provide recommendations on what else needs to be done with my car, but at the same time they weren't pushy about selling me on anything.On one of my other visits, they changed my brake pads. I knew I had to have them changed because I could hear them squeak everytime I stepped on the brakes. A mechanic from another shop told me it was time to change the brake pads on all my tires. Well that turned out not to be so. Airpark Auto told me I only needed to change the pads on my front brakes, but my rear brakes were still at 60%. Sure enough, after they changed only the front brake pads, I couldn't hear the squeaking anymore. Thank you for the honest assessment. That goes against the stereotypical mechanic persona.What's more, I had asked them to rotate my tires. They didn't do so. At first, I didn't quite understand that, but then I realized that two of my tires came from Discount Tire and they are under warranty. By having someone else rotate my tires, I void the warranty. Again, thanks Airpark Auto for not performing any unnecssary work on my car.Another example of why I trust Airpark Auto Service is when I asked them to fill up a hole under my front driver side wheel well. A rubber cover had fallen off somehow. When my vehicle was returned to me, they advised that I could easily get this piece from the auto dealership for about $20 and easily install it myself. Airpark Auto also said that if I had them do it, they would charge me labor.So overall, I found Airpark Auto Service to be an honest auto repair shop that will only perform repairs that are absolutely necessary. That's just golden.
5	OMG! I just had the oil changed in my car and was out in less than 30 minutes. Called this morning, made a 1:00 pm appointment, got there a bit late - 5 mins. - and was given fabulous customer service. I use synthetic oil in my car. The price was reasonable already, but they gave me the coupon discount and it made it even better. They offered to rotate the tires, but I just had them done 3 weeks ago. Next time I'll do it all here. Thank you Kevin and team! Definitely a go to.
5	Airpark Auto Service has repaired 3 of my vehicles in the past year or so, one of them several times. ( a VW, go figure!)They are polite, helpful, courteous and knowledgeable. Above all, they will stand behind their work 100%. No high pressure sales, no unnecessary parts or work. They fix it, and do it in a timely manner. IF something appears wrong, they will stop at nothing to make it right. Your total satisfaction appears to be their goal every time I go in there. I used to check their prices against other shops, but no longer bother. Their prices are in line, and I have never felt more confident in a shops ability and fairness than I have with these guys.
2	I found this business via Yelp.  Great reviews so I went on a whim.  This is NOT the place to go, 1. near or at lunch time, and, 2. if you only want a quick oil change.  I specifically said I didn't want my tires rotated (I am actually getting new tires tomorrow morning!) but they did it anyway and the counter guy argued with me.  He said it didn't take any "extra" time which I can't believe.  I was there OVER an hour and while I appreciate all the 'extras,' I wasn't told it would take so long.  They even applied my insurance company's sticker on my window.  The women working the counter exited for lunch and there was virutally no customer 'service' while I was waiting.  Then their printer broke and I had to wait for that to be fixed as well. Hoping I got a fluke bad experience.  I might go back for service work but not for an oil change.
5	Great service.  Very customer centric.  Not like going to a dealership.  Totally trust these guys.  Highly recommend them.
5	I have been going here for 20 years, and have been treated like family since the beginning.  They are not cheap, but the quality is excellent, and they get the work done when they promise.  They have fixed innumerable tires for me, handled a problem that came up during an emissions inspection, and solved a dozen rattles, all gratis.  Perhaps best of all, if you don't need expensive repairs, they will tell you so -- many times they have suggested cheaper alternatives.  My son actually worked there one summer doing cleanup and driving people home, so I got all of the inside dirt.  Aside from what he swept up, there wasn't any.  Hard to believe, but for once, true.
5	This morning, my car would not start and even after replacing the faulty battery, the car alarm would start screaming without stopping till I would disconnect the battery. The car would not even turn over to start. This seemed expensive, and now I would need a tow. I CALLED Airpark auto and told them what my car was doing and one mechanic told me to put the battery in, then lock the door of the car with my key and unlock it. He said he thought that my car was not understanding that it was not being stolen and that the anti-theft system was what was actually keeping the car from starting. SURE ENOUGH! I did exactly what I was told and my car started. Saved myself money on the tow and having it looked at. I was amazed. I must have called half a dozen car shops, they all told me to bring it in. I hardly ever leave reviews, but this was well deserving. Should there be any car trouble, I totally will bring it here because Airpark auto seems to truly want your problem fixed, not to just make money on looking at it. I cannot say enough wonderful things. AWESOME!!!!
5	Just got my oil changed here as well as brake pads replaced and was very satisfied with both the quality and speed of the service and staff. The people at the front were really friendly and I did not feel as if they were pushing all sorts of unimportant fixes on me like some mechanics do. They also offer a shuttle for people to get back home.
5	Never once left here thinking that I was taken advantage of.  Which lets face it....is everyones first concern when they leave their vehicle someplace to get work done.  They can be busy, but they work quick.  I have taken the 3 vehicles I have owned here.  I will chose Airpark Auto over any other place.  Thanks guys!
5	This was a friendly and professional shop.  I took my van in and showed them what the problem was.  They called me back to let me know what they found and when they would work on it.  The quoted me the parts and labor.  When they tested it they found the other issue I told them about.  They didn't stop until they they had fixed both problems.  They didn't over charge on either parts or labor.  They gave me a free ride home when I dropped it off, too.  Over all I am very impressed and will go there again.
4	Took my car to AirPark because of the nice things I read on Yelp.They took care of the problem, noted other things I might want to get fixed in the near future, and other things longer term that would be coming up. Put it all in writing, so I don't forget.Very nice, honest people. I will return and I will refer.
5	Friendly people
5	This is the best auto repair place!  Great service and you leave feeling like they didn't take advantage if you.  Replaced my side mirror for much less than the dealer.
5	Everyone was so nice! They took me to and from my place ... Honored a coupon... And we're just great!!
1	These guys held my son's car for nearly a week without even looking at it.  Had the BMW toed there on Tuesday.  Wednesday: still haven't looked, you're next, tomorrow morning.  Thursday: still haven't looked, tomorrow morning.  Friday at lunch we stopped in, still hadn't looked at it, we took it with us.I'm sure these guys are great, but we had a terrible experience.  Do they really think it's acceptable to hold a car for nearly a week w/o even diagnosing it?  What century are these guys from?
5	A/C wasn't working great on my f-150, and they fixed it for $200, it works great now!I had gone to firestone by scottsdale and thunderbird, and they wanted to replace the entire system, they said the compressor was leaking, and wanted to change the whole thing, radiator and everything... Airpark auto di a great job, I will definitely return for service!!
5	I took my car here for the first time because my exhaust system was making a funny noise and I drove by this place daily on my way to work.  They told me they could keep my car to diagnose it and offered to drive me to work.  They called me later to explain that a piece had rusted off and said they could order the part and fix it, but it would be less expensive to go to an exhaust person they recommended because he could weld the piece and fix it for much less money.  As a young female I really appreciated their honesty and they earned themselves a customer that day.  I have been back for an oil change and for some other routine issues.  They have excellent customer service and treat everyone well that walks through the front door.  I never feel like they are trying to pressure me into doing anything that isn't necessary.  If I have questions they are always helpful and willing to thoroughly explain things.  It's nice to have a place to take my car and not feel like I'm being taken advantage of.  If you are in a super big hurry this may not be the place for you because they are always busy.  For me that's not an issue because I work around the corner and I'm willing to wait because I trust them and appreciate how awesome they are.  Keep up the good work!
1	Was a little annoyed after giving this place a try, for something as simple as an oil change. Came to these guys because I wanted to get a second opinion on a repair, figured I'd get my oil changed while I was at it, and they're close to my work.Oil change ended up being $20 more than I was initially quoted on the phone. A went with synthetic because it's a high mileage car, and was told it would be $40, which is great, and it ended up being over $60. Part of that was due to the service guy offering to rotate my tires, to which i shrugged my shoulders and agreed to, but he failed to mention that was a $10 charge. My usual place does that for free -- i guess this is what i get for straying.In addition, their quote for my larger job (shocks / struts) was outrageous. $400 more than the lowest quote i got, and $300 more than the quote from the dealership.The people I dealt with were all nice enough, but there's not a chance in hell i'm ever going back here.
5	Very friendly guys over the phone and in person. My ride broke down on the side of the road next to the shop. They helped me wheel it in, realized it was a simple electric issue an hooked me up with what I needed. No upsells, no pressure, just quick friend service.
1	So my buddy called me to let me know that his car broke down and he was having it towed to the shop that he and his brother have been going to for a long time.  I am talking like 10 years.  And yes the shop I am referring to is Airpark Auto Service.He text me to let me know that this place quoted him $1300 to do his water pump, thermostat, and coolant expansion tank. When I read his text I instantly thought that they were trying to screw him. Here is why. On his car if the water pump or thermostat were bad the coolant expansion tank would be fine and if the tank broke the other parts would be ok.  I told him that he should not have them do anything to his car and that I could do it all in an hour or two.  Keep in mind that I have replaced his water pump and thermostat in the past.  It is a very easy job on his car.  He called the shop when they 1st opened to tell them not to do anything to his car, and that is when they flat out lied to him.  He was told that his car had already been disassembled.  Well, I work in the airpark (at an insurance company) and told my friend to meet me there and that I would look at it.  We met there at 8:00 and went into the garage with his service writer and a tech was "working" on his car.  It was not disassembled beyond taking off two plastic panels, one under the car which is only held on by a few screws and the other which is right under the hood when you open it.  I would say that it might take someone with no mechanical skills about 5 minutes to take those off and that is being generous.  So let me recap that lie.  He was told that they had already taken everything apart and started working on the car.  That was not true!When we all walked up to the car my friend asked the tech that was standing there how he came to the conclusion that the thermostat, water pump and coolant tank were all needing to be replaced.  The tech told him that he looked at them with a flashlight.  That kind of made me laugh (on the inside).  The thermostat is in a thermostat housing and the tech does not have x ray vision and the water pump is behind the fan clutch/fan blades, and then the water pump pulley.  Another thing that would be hard to diagnose unless the shaft that goes through the water pump broke.  It was not broken at all.  The 1st thing I did was spin the fan blades and it was smooth as can be which let me know that the water pump was probably OK.  I then looked at the coolant expansion tank which was blown up.  There was a huge crack down the side of it and the top was 75% blown off.  Well there is your answer as to what was wrong.  It was his tank and nothing more.  At this point my friend had them stop what they were doing and had the car towed to my house.  I had my friend pick up a new coolant expansion tank and bring it over.  Well, I changed out the tank, and put an ac belt on his car and it is back on the road.The moral of this story is to NOT TRUST Airpark Auto Service, and NEVER go there.  And even if they did want to change all 3 parts they quoted him they should not charge anywhere around that much.  I don't care how long the "book" says it will take. Stay away from this place.
4	I used to get my oil changed at places that have Jiffy, Quick or Speedy in their name. Yes, they were generally fast but I was always concerned about the quality of the inspection they did.  I started coming here on a recommendation from a friend. I was concerned that it would cost more but they always have a $10 coupon on their website so their price is more than competitive.  They always ask if I'd like the tires rotated and don't try to talk me into it or anything else if I say no.It's not as Jiffy, Quick or Speedy as the other places but I like to think that they're taking a bit more time because they're actually inspecting my car.  Taking the time to do that benefits me and them because it's likely I'll have them do the repair work if they find something.I should note that I've always felt ripped off when I get my car repaired.  Since you probably only have 1 or 2 water pumps replaced in your whole life you have no basis for comparison so it sounds like a lot of money. Just an FYI, you can go to http://www.automd.com/repaircost/ and get a general idea of what your repair should cost before you give any shop the OK to proceed after getting their estimate.
1	Read "previous review" first.  Several years ago I had the pleasure of meeting and listening to Scott Waddle.  He was a Commander in the U.S. Navy and the captain of the USS Greeneville.  While Scott was in control of the submarine he hit a ship from Japan that had high school kids and crew on it.  Lots of them died.  Google it if you want.  Why am I writing this you might ask.  Good question.  I am writing this to explain how important it is to take responsibility for your actions.  That is what Scott did and he now does speaking engagements to try to get people to do the same thing (take responsibility for your actions).  As a business owner you have to take responsibility for not only your own actions but those of your employees too.  I am happy to say that the owner of Airpark Auto Service did this (kind of).  I told my friend that he needed to speak with the owner so that he could get everything off his chest.  Seeing how he had been going there for a long time he could only think about all the other times he had probably been ripped off.  Well, he had a meeting with the owner and they had a conversation about what happened, and she took responsibility for the actions of her employees and told my friend that they were in the wrong.  She refunded my friend the money that they charged him and I hope she had a long conversation with her employees.  I am guessing that she was pissed that her employees were caught red handed, but who knows.  If it were me I would have lost trust in all the employees involved and fired them!  But lets be honest, this is something lots of shops do;  They take advantage of people.  Here my friend had been a loyal customer for a long time and was about to get ripped off by a shop that he emphatically trusted and referred people to.I guess all this means is that I am glad that the owner of Airpark Auto Service took responsibility for the actions of her employees but I still would not trust this shop!  Once trust is lost it is very hard to get back!  Almost impossible.
5	Very friendly and very helpful.  I have recommended Airpark Auto to family and friends, they have all had great experiences. When I lived in Scottsdale, it was my "Go To" place!
5	I want to thank you for helping my wife with her PT Cruiser problem. We live south of Tucson and away from our local mechanic. You diagnosed her check engine light problem, reset and she was on her way. I'm so glad to see there are honest shops around where service is#1.  I hope this review brings you more business. You deserve it.Paul K.
5	Very helpful and friendly. Had problems with my AC and they got me in quickly as no AC in Phoenix summers suck and fixed my car while I was at work.  They worked with me to pick up my car later hours also since I had to work late.  Awesome place will continue taking my car there for any issues I have!
5	They are the best!!! I have been a customer for approximately 15 years. The service has never let me down. I have always found that if they told you that you needed something repaired, you do. My daughter's car was towed to the AAA shop on Hayden in Scottsdale. They provided a written estimate for over $700. She was told she needed among other things, a battery a starter and a brake flush. I had the car taken to Airpark. They checked everything and found that it only needed a battery and an oil change and a tire rotation. The final bill came to $230, nearly $500 less than AAA quoted. This is a shop with the highest integrity. Aaron, Craig and Kevin were great. Give them a try, you will not be disappointed.
5	I was referred by a neighbor and brought both of our cars in one day.  Nice and convenient with a shuttle available.  They fixed the first one quickly.  When I brought the 2nd car (Lexus) in and explained the problem, the guy said I could probably fix it myself after going outside to ran diagnostics on the car for free.  He reset the error codes and then he told me how I could run down and get a part at the Toyota dealership, saving myself money over going to the Lexus dealership since they used the same part.  So my 2nd car was fixed for $25.  No charge from Airpark Auto.  They could have charged me $100 or more but now they have a loyal customer.
