4	This is the cutest little place.  You instantly feel like a true lady or gentleman when walking into this place.  They have all kind of gourmet salads and sandwiches to go with your afternoon tea.  They also have a variety of wines to have with dinner or you can take a bottle home.  They cater and do private parties, so whatever it is they have you covered.
4	La-Tea-Das is very cute and lots of fun. It's definitely for girls...I can't imagine going with my man, or really with any man. There hours are kind of limited and the menu isn't so elaborate, but the place is worth it for the ambience alone. The tea selection is excellent, and I'm kind of a tea geek. I agree with Lindsey R. that it's not a place to go necessarily for the food...it's more for snacks and tea and chatting with friends in a fabulous atmosphere. I'm glad we have little places like this one. It's a rare and wonderful find.
5	I had a birthday party here about 5 years ago and I brought about 9 of my closest friends and we dressed up in ballgowns with fancy jewelry and took pictures, then I got this super delicious vanilla cake with pink flowers on it. Of all of my birthday parties, this one wins hands-down. I know little about their food-but their cakes are pretty amazing! Adorable little place to have a party or sit down and drink some tea...kind of like a fairytale cafe...La-Tea-Da's is the coolest party place for girls in town.
5	About me: female, New Yorker, foodie, design-loverLa-Tea-Da's did the reception catering for my wedding. Kelly Matthews was my catering lead and Jessica also helped on the day of the event.My expectations were dramatically exceeded. I would recommend them to anyone for these reasons:1. Flexibility - As an out-of-town bride, Kelly was quick in responses, edits to estimates and suggestions to queries via email since I couldn't attend in-person meetings too often.2. Professionalism - Team worked so I didn't have to think about anything on the day of the wedding. They even prepared plates and drinks for my husband and I so that we didn't wait in the buffet line and had a few minutes at our table to eat before crowds arrived. Jessica helped by directing us during the event as well and giving us heads up on timings. In addition to food, they helped set up decor - even lit lanterns and candles on tables!3. Fair Prices - I wanted interesting food combinations, which doesn't usually go hand-in-hand with reasonable pricing for a big event. However, Kelly was great in offering many choices and speaking to the chef several times to ensure we had great variety.4. Presentation - Food was displayed beautifully. Kelly gave helpful suggestions on how to set up the buffet for good crowd flow throughout the event. My favorite presentation was a small bamboo plate with a BBQ slider and homemade potato chips - delish!5. Quality - I received a lot of questions about who did my catering from friends who are also in the wedding planning mode. Guests loved the food and flavors were appealing to all.Again, can't recommend them enough - definitely add them to your list when interviewing caterers!
4	La-Tea-Da's just catered an early Thanksgiving Day luncheon at our office. They did a wonderful job with everything.  For starters, they had an assortment of small biscuit sandwiches that looked like mini-ham sandwiches.  Since I don't partake in pork, I skipped those and headed straight for the good stuff.  The buffet included sauteed green beans with carrots (fresh of course, not canned or frozen), broccoli & cheese casserole (delightful -no condensed cream of mushroom soup in that casserole!),  whipped potatoes with turkey gravy on the side, turkey, cranberry sauce (they had 2 - one with actual cranberries, and one of the icky congealed canned stuff), and a large assortment of breads and rolls. They also brought sweet tea, unsweet tea, and bottled water.  They also prepared an entire table of desserts which included pecan pie, tiramsu, pumpkin pie, assorted brownies, cheesecake pops, and a few other things.  Again, everything was delish but I guess we'll all be wearing our fat pants to work tomorrow!  (Seriously, we eat WAYYYY too much at our office - they need to install treadmills & elipitical machines in a breakroom or conference room!)Since I didn't plan the event, I can't say how easy they were to deal with, but I asked the person in charge of planning and she said they were great. I did go online and check their website, and the prices I saw for corporate events were very reasonable. All in all, I would definitely recommend La-Tea-Da's for catering.
4	La-Tea-Da came to cater our neighbor's party which I attended. It was absolutely amazing! It seems like they do a lot of events for the party planner (our neighbor's son) so I believe they were expecting nothing less than awesome.Their food, I thought was very cute. They served mini burgers, chips, meat balls, pork, vegetables on sticks, rice, and dessert (which I thought was the best). The service was amazing, very courteous and nice, getting all the guests what they needed and happy. The dessert was a sort of a strawberry cake mixed with strawberry topped off with whip cream. I thought it was amazing.In the end, I believe all the guests had a wonderful time. The food was part of it and well the alcohol was another! I would definitely think of this catering if I ever need them in the Charlotte Area.
5	La Tea Da's catered both my rehearsal dinner and wedding this past April, and I don't even have words to express how amazing the whole experience was. Being a foodie and someone who works in the industry, I have pretty high standards. I certainly didn't make it easy on them! We brought La-Tea-Da's on as our caterer at the last minute. Seriously last minute - like a week before. Did I mention my wedding was multicultural and I wanted to include a good amount of Venezuelan and Spanish inspired dishes? Janet met with me to discuss the menus only days before the wedding, and she put my mind at ease instantly. All of the challenges I thought would be insurmountable, namely my eclectic taste in food, only seemed to excite her more as she threw out creative solutions and suggestions with the enthusiasm of a kid in a candy store. In the end, I wound up with my dream menu. Incredible passed hors d'oeuvres, Paella, tapas, shrimp & grits, ceviche, gazpacho, tacos, sushi, a Venezuelan parilla station, late night philly cheese steak sliders, and more somehow all came together beautifully to create one of the best food experiences I've ever had. My guests consistently echo my sentiments as well. My only regret was not taking the time to eat even more (though it wasn't for lack of trying on the part of the staff! We arrived to the reception venue to a lovely candlelit sampling for two while the cocktail hour wrapped up and the amazing staff diligently kept our cups and plates full the whole night.) I could go on and on, but let's just say I'm anxiously awaiting a ten year vow renewal of some sort so I can call La-Tea-Da's up and do it all again.
5	I will never be able to say enough about Elizabeth and the staff at La Tea Da's. They are beyond amazing! They catered our wedding reception and I have never heard so many compliments about food from guests at a wedding!! They also created a signature drink that was a huge hit and went above and beyond to make sure me, my husband, and our guests were enjoying ourselves. Elizabeth is a dream come true. She helped me from the initial stages of wedding planning and served as my day of coordinator. She is truly outstanding at her job!! We LOVE them and will be recommending them to all of our friends!!
5	The food was absolutely delicious! But the service was even better. Hats off to Debbie! Service with a smile and great conversation.
