4	The Good Stuff: This is a great store if you're looking for key books at a bargain. The prices are adjusted via e-bay and the owners seem willing to haggle a bit if needed.  The key observation I noticed is that the display system is really cool and unique; all the books are in a case similar to a high quality poster rack with shelves that span from floor to ceiling. The store has a vast collection of comic cards and other various small items alongside the comic display racks. Compared to other AZ comic shops, this store is really geared towards hardcore fans looking for back issues and key books more than new issues.The concerns: The store currently has no consignment or new issues. A lack of new stuff could drive some customers away. The store also has no comic supplies yet. I'll give them a pass for now as this shop just opened last week. I'll definitely be coming back to this place in the future to see how it improves.
5	I absolutely loved the place, the prices were very reasonable and they have A LOT of comics! The displays of all the comics are amazing too - you'll have to see what I mean.Definitely loved this shop and would recommend it!
5	"You must unlearn what you have learned" (Yoda)  from other stores because "the force is strong" with Dreadnought Comics!!!!  Never has there been or will there be anything close to what Jacob & Jeff, the owners of Dreadnought Comics, have created with an amazing sense of customer satisfaction. The pair has crafted an innovative display system allowing over 5,000 vintage comic books to be seen at any given moment, no more digging through long boxes, YAY! Another perk, killer prices on books; a better deal elsewhere would be hard to find on most books.  Even pricing on the many toys & cards, "smalls", as they call them, is very reasonable. In addition, their lighting system was done keeping the customer in mind. It was designed so when viewing, never will a glare you have, bringing the books to light. Jeff & Jacob are very passionate about crafting an amazing experience for their customers, always willing to go above & beyond. "Already know that which you need" (Yoda)  Hard time finding it? "Happens to every guy sometimes this does" (Yoda) If they don't have it, leave them with your info & in a day or two, voila! (in most cases anyway)  Again, that above & beyond attitude will keep me coming back for sure.  May the force continue to be strong with you Dreadnought Comics, well done!
5	This was the most awesome comic book store I've seen. They have some vintage toys and old collectible comic books. The stuff is so well laid out and easy to access and the managers are so friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this place
5	Awesome place, the way its set up is so unique, and the staff is so friendly. Go check them i promise you wont be missing out!
5	Amazing place! We'll stocked and really clean. Price points are not bad, they really make sure that you leave happy and with something you didn't even know you wanted!
5	Went in to just browse around and ended up talking Magic The Gathering with Jeff and James for a while. Super nice guys and a great store. Im definitely going back to check out more of the comics. If you are looking for a place to buy MTG boosters they sell them 3 for $10!!!!
5	Where other places put there best stuff out of reach or behind glass. Dreadnought comics puts their eye candy out in the open. How the comics are displayed are unlike anything I have ever seen. Custom made by the owners themselves. Are these ingenious wooden walls on wheels that hold comics on both sides. No more flipping through comic book boxes here. You are actually moving walls. Comics are organized by titles, artists and also by writers with the price stickers on the comic bag. These guys are hardcore comic book guys and the store is for hardcore collectors. Someone new to the hobby could be intimidated coming in here but don't be. The guys who run the place are nice and helpful. They will steer you in the right place. I myself was looking for some Uncanny Xforce first run Remender issues. He actually had some behind the counter for me to buy. Gave me a great deal and I left happy. Support your local comic book stores especially the good ones. In the state of Arizona, in Glendale is Dreadnought Comics. They are doing it their way and they are doing it right.
5	I am new to comic book collecting and this place is great. The owners are very knowledgeable and were able to suggest other titles I might be interested in. Definately my go to place.
5	With a unique display and excellent selection Dreadnought Comics is the best in town! Owner Jacob was friendly and knowledgeable! Definitely my go to for comic book needs!
4	Pros: Clean layout - The comics on display are easily accessed in an unique setup.  It almost reminds me of a private art gallery.  Both men enjoyed talking comics and the industry and were willing to help find what I was looking for.  Finally, back issues, back issues, back issues.  It's great to see a shop based on back issues.  When thinking about the state of the industry, why not sell back issues?  In a lot of cases the back issues were priced reasonably especially when comparing them to the average price of a modern comic - $4.  Con: Only one I could think of was a price discrepancy of a comic.  Seems to be some issue with the price tag and what the owners want to charge.  Minor issue that was cleared up quickly.  With Heros Comics closing their doors, north Phoenix is left with only one shop.  Dreadnaught is for the serious collector but is eye appealing thanks to their display racks to the novice.  Keep in mind the shop does not carry very many new issues.  Support your local comic shop and visit Dreadnaught Comics!
5	Very cool store! Very friendly and awesome people!! I highly recommend coming here everything is clean and orderly. If you don't see something just ask and they will get it for you.
5	Amazing store. I went in to try and build a Magic deck. I have barely started playing so I know hardly anything about it. I was asked questions by the guy at the front, I feel terrible for not knowing his name. He was so very helpful. He built me an awesome deck which I know will help me defeat opponents. They also have some amazing art work on the walls which I had to purchase. I highly recommend this place and I will be going back in the future.
