3	there's only one reason i come to Chili's and it's their to die for  Southwestern eggrolls.  delish!
4	A group from work went to Chili's for my Birthday lunch. Given we only had an hour for lunch, the staff was extremely quick and accurate. There were 12 of us and they were even so kind to give us all 12 separate checks. Ive been to plenty of places that will sigh and reluctantly split the checks. It gets annoying. The food was great. Im a huge fan of their new 10 items under $7.00 menu. It is really is the perfect portion for the perfect price. I ordered the Sweet Chili Chicken Crispers with fries. AMAZING. The whole table also ordered Bottomless Chips and Salsa....I LOVE their chips and salsa, the chips are thin and lightly salted, while the salsa is cool and refreshing. Not too spicy. The nice thing was that only one of the people that were with us ordered the bottomless lunch that includes the chips, and they brought out 3 bowls, and didnt charge us for 1. I will definitely go back again and again. Read my other review on the Chili's in Niagara Falls....not the best experience.
3	The first time I ate at this location, I ordered their chicken crispers and one of them was completely raw. It was disgusting and I kind of freaked myself out that I was going to get salmonella poisoning and die. Luckily, that didn't happen. The staff were really kind to me after that, and my food, drinks, and dessert was free. They also gave me $20 in gift certificates for the restaurant. I've come back a few times since then and the food has always been solidly good. You can't really go wrong with Chili's. I've just refrained from ordering anything with chicken in it since then.
3	We have stopped here on several occasions for something different.  Today's stop was not typical.  When we went to be seated, they suggested we sit in the bar area as they had two large parties in the main dining room- one with 70 people and one with 20.  We were told that it would be difficult to take our orders and get served in the dining room.  We decided to sit in the bar area.We didn't know it at the time, but our orders went to the kitchen right after the orders for the 70 something party.  Little did we know it would be a long wait.  After about 20 minutes, pour waitress came by and apologized for the delay and said the food would be coming soon.  She offered us chips and salsa to munch on until the food came.  We declined.Ten minutes later, she stopped by again and asked if the manager had been by.  She said the manager would be bringing our meals presently and again she apologized.  WIthin a few minutes, the manager did bring our meals and apologized offering to give us two desserts or a discount on the check.  We declined dessert and when she brought the check, she had deducted the cost of the one meal.  That was great customer service and was certainly a way to bring us back.  The thing I wish, however, is that they would be honest up front.  Had I known the wait would have been that long, I would have gone elsewhere.  Had I known -  had they told me.As for the food, I had chicken fajitas and my wife had their Chicken Monterrey.  Both dishes were normal Chili's dishes and everything tasted great.  It's a shame the dinner was diminished by the service issues, but I can understand the problem of dealing with that many people in one large party.Kudos to the manager for the way she handled the situation.
4	-- VETERAN'S DAY DINNER --Decided to try out Chili's right after Applebee's on Vet's day.Again my mentality on free food: A corner has to be cut from somewhere to damage control not breaking even on the inventory.The Chili's menu wasnt as robust as the Applebees, there was a burger, a salad, a taco, a pasta and a chicken dish. We didnt want to hit up Chili's originally because other then the burger everything was a chicken dish.Celebrating Vet's day and it's a free dinner so what the hell. Ordered the Chicken Margarita and WOW.The beans were delicious, seasoned to perfection. Normally i hate any kind of bean dish because i've been tormented with boiled beans with no flavor when i was younger but beans that get a seasoning treatment, superb.  The chicken itself didnt have a lasting flavor to it, you pretty much forgot what it's suppose to taste like after the first chew. But it was VERY tender. Cut with a fork tender and this is a piece of butterflied breast meat.At the end we decided to order a chocolate lava cake dessert because we all drank water and the meals were free and none of us carried cash for the tip.The dessert was about average. Cant say much about chocolate cake with ice cream on top that oozes chocolate out.
4	Short & Sweet Review:It's Chili's people.  You get what you pay for at a cheap chain restaurant.The following are the only two things that I order:Bottomless Chips & Salsa for $2.99!  Seriously, I love this salsa!  Its not chunky and has heat.  The chips are hot and delicious!Cajun Chicken Pasta- Penne pasta with creamy garlic Alfredo sauce with Cajun spices and topped with tomatoes and green onions.- I get a to-go box and have enough for lunch the next day. The call-ahead option is great and they make sure to pack everything up nice & tight!$20 for an appetizer & two entrees.  Perfect for a cheap date night! :)
4	WIth a place like Chili's you know exactly what you are going to get. The service is going to be decent, the food is going to be consistent and the prices are going to be reasonable. I think we hit up this location about once a month or so when we need a quick bite to eat. Typically we start off with Chips & Salsa (it is $2.99 but free during Happy Hour if you sit in the bar area) and for our meals we usually get the Big Mouth Bites (sliders). They come with fries which are tossed with some salt and pepper and they are delicious and one other dish.
2	Poor service today!  Took about ten minutes to take drink order during lunch hours, then another ten to order food.  I asked waiter to bring lemon for my tea (who serves tea without lemon?)  He never brought it (thanks joey I'll get it myself). Upon finishing our lunch we waited for 10 minutes to get our bill.  Probably wil not be revisiting this location.
4	Can't really go wrong with the boneless buffalo wings.  Am I right?
2	We ate here last night and I will never go back. The restaraunt was somewhat busy, but nothing too crazy. Maybe only half full. We only ordered a burger, a chicken wrap and 2 kid grilled cheeses. We waited over an hour for our food! The waiter, although very nice guy, was very slow and seemed overwhelmed. By the time we finally got our food, paid and left we had been there 2 hours. We had others things planned and did not have time to sit there for that long. Plus we had two restless kids with us, so I need somewhat speedy service. Service is just way too slow at that place. I was really mad by the time I left, and it takes a lot to get me that way as I am normally very patient and understanding. But that was just ridiclous. Don't go here unless you have a lot of free time and no where to be for the evening. Food is just okay.. definitley not worth an extremely long wait.
3	So Ive been to Chilli's several times, and I am not a big fan of there food! Ive ordered several different items such as there mouth bite burgers, there chicken fried steak, and the ribs...So Ive definitely given them plenty of chances every visit I have been disappointed!!! It taste like a microwavable dinner! Food is rubbery and tasteless! YUCK On the other hand I do still return for the bar! I must admit I do LOVE there appetizers/drinks!!! I LOVE there Southwestern Eggrolls mmm mmm good so yummy!!! There stuffed with chicken,black beans,corn and jalapeno jack cheese, and is served with this delicious avocado ranch dressing. I also love there Crispy Onion Strings & Jalapeno Stack very very tasty especially after having a few Presidente Margaritas! MMMM I love the Presidente Margaritas they come in a shaker and you can poor as you go and there very delicious! So overall this place is great if your just coming for some snacks and some drinks, unless your a fan of microwavable food!
4	I love Chili's. This location is iffy sometimes when it comes to service but the food is always good.I love the cheese steak and usually don't stray from that.Sometimes we order the sampler if we go during happy hour yo have some yummy munchables while sipping our margaritas. I do love the options they have for blended drinks!If you sign up for their e-mail list you can get cool coupons that are worth it and help a bit with the bill or allow you to try something you hadn't before.
4	Ok. Well when you go into a Chilis on a Saturday at 6:00pm and there is no wait that is red flag. The food was ok and the wait staff was pleasant. But the GM has to be the most unpleasant and miserable person in the food industry. Maybe he just can't talk cause he never said on word to us even though he was working the host stand. Food was typical Chilis. I would go back but it was not that memorable.
4	Great staff,friendly,attentive and clean restaurant. I never come to chili's but decided to for the all day happy hour on sunday.you can't beat the prices and at least you can see some sunshine and not be tempted by any gaming. It was a fun Sunday drinking and eating their nachos and onion jalapeno strings.I'm coming back next Sunday:)
5	I have to give this place major props for the great service we get EVERY time we go.  We have an 18 month old who behave fairly well in restaurants.  What I love most about their service is that they really know how to cater to families.  Any time we bring our daughter, they make sure her food comes first (because what little kid can wait very long to eat).  They also make sure she always has what she needs.  As a parent, I can't tell you how much I appreciate when places cater to families and helping them out!
1	We went to cash in a new gift card. The blonde waitress said that its value lowered to $0 over time, but we later found out that was a rumor. This is very sickening, and I can't say I'll ever trust Chili's again.
5	Chicken, steak, and shrimp fajitas are unbelieveable!!!!!!! Would recommend to any and every one!
3	My boyfriend and I got a gift card for Chili's and so we went to this location; I'd never been to one before, and I got what I expected: mediocre food. I really can't say much about it, it was so forgettable. The chips were really the only thing I liked, but you have to basically arm bar the waitress for more- even though it's suppose to be endless. I got some kind of enchilada thing... and really it was a thing, not very flavorful, not very good. The sauce was bland. Actually, everything was bland.
3	I ate here a couple weeks ago. Almost forgot to Yelp it. Guess that shows how memorable it was.It struck me as a typical chain restaurant. The food was bland and unmemorable as was the staff.Would I return? I suppose so. Nothing special here but it'll do for a quick lunch or dinner.
4	Happy hour 9p to close.  $5 sangria saturdays. $5 martini fridays.  2 for $20.  Pretty good food.  I need to come here mire often.  Open till midnight
4	Great service always
3	Came with a party of 20. Our food took forever to come out in fact mine and my children's food did not come out till after everyone was done eating. It took forever for refills as well. The staff was very apologetic about the orders getting mixed up. The place was clean bathroom and all. Although the food came late every dish was prepared correctly. In the end the whole meal for the whole party was comped.
3	This was a nice experience. Stopped off for lunch as I was working. The atmosphere was great, service was excellent!I sat in the bar area. The Diet Coke was non stop! As my cup was almost empty, the next one was there. Nichole was an excellent server.Getting in and out was a bit difficult as its located on a very busy intersection.The food was good. I felt it was a bit pricey, but that's a corporate thing!Bathrooms and restaurant were clean. I noticed staff cleaning the entire time I was there.I would go there again, would love to do the 2 for $20.00.
4	Vegas Football Happy Hour for Sunday Football!!!We ordered our own personal buffet of appetizers and all were awesome! Our Apps were the Cheese Fries, Spinach Dip, Buffalo Wings and Onion Straws. We also had two double margaritas and four Baily's with coffee. Our total was $68.00. The service at the bar was great. Our bartender was very nice.My only complaint?? Their televisions are placed along the walls rather than above the bar. It makes it hard to sit at the bar and enjoy a game since their TVs are only about 32".Great Specials for Sunday Football.
3	My go to when I don't want to sit in a smokey bar to eat dinner.  Fast friendly service and good food.
1	Poor service once again, several empty tables, so it's not that busy where we should be ignored by our waiter.  When my drink is empty I consider it a bad thing.  My son' drink was emptied half way through his meal, we would have ordered him more but we never saw the waiter.  Steve was in attentive and as we finished out meal all four if our glasses were empty.  I'm sorry that's not good in my book.  He didn't offer dessert he asked if we were all finished.  I think we found another restaurant to mark off our list.  Food was good though!
4	Chili's is usually predictable but this location is great. Good items on the Happy Hour, would love more variety. What makes this Chili's great are the servers. Go see Jamie, lots of fun.
4	Just had the best service we have had in a long time.  We ate at the bar and Manuel was our server and he was the best.
4	I love this place since you can buy a whole lot of food for like $35.  And they actually check your to-go orders every time so you don't have to wonder why you're missing a sauce or what not.I think that it's actually great in this sense since I know a couple places that consistently screw up to-go orders.So to the to-go crew?  You guys rock it out for this national chain.  Which is saying something since it's like giving 4-stars to McDonalds. :)  Oh wait... have I done that? hmmmmm....
1	I'm sitting here right now and am receiving terrible service. Our server never looked looked us in the eye, we ate all of our appetizers with empty drinks (no refills), he never ordered my margarita, never brought me a side of honey mustard, and after waiting 20 minutes after finishing we had to ask another server for boxes and our check. It clearly seemed like our server was over his shift and ready to be cut. As a server, myself, I've never written a bad Yelp review but this is the worst service I've ever had. No Bueno Billy :(
5	I eat at this chili's all the time! I actually get the same stuff every single time. Cajun chicken pasta with an extra 4 ounces of chicken, extra parmesan,  green onion, tomatoes and Cajun spice all on the side. I also get the cheesecake here with extra strawberry puree on the side as well.The cheesecake here to be honest is the best cheesecake I've had that is inexpensive as well. Im a sucker for cheesecake. Especially if its with strawberries. Its really good stuff!
2	The fajitas were oily and soggy.. Way too many onions and not enough meat. I could only get 2 burritos out of it (I got the $15 trio fajita) and I usually get 3-4 out of the fajita skillet. The chicken tasted fake, it was slimy and had a weird texture. The steak was ok and they have a convenient ordering system at the table. The waitress in the bar area took soo long I was there over an hour. She never came to get change for the check and she was talking amongst other servers not paying attention. She took checking on us too. The watermelon lemonade was not refreshing, it taste like fountain lemonade and syrup. However, the chips and salsa were great! I usually like chills, but this location doesn't seem up to par.
1	We ate here around 2pm today.  There was no greeter at the podium and we waited several minutes before seating.  Our server sat us so I guess they don't have a host/hostess this time of day.  I immediately noticed these tablets on tables that raced through advertisements.  There are ones on every table.  It made the background very busy and distracting, especially since they were not all on the same sequence.  These seem like an awful idea. This by itself would make me not come back but there were far more problems.Our food was very slow to come out.  My wife's food was cold when it finally came out.  apparently they made it and let it sit there while they made fajitas, that were too oily. The quality of the chicken was quite poor too.We would have complained, but our service was terrible and we never got checked on.  It was not really the server's fault. They only had one server on the floor for about 8 tables and he was also seating people.As we sit there we are finished and the server comes over and asks if we want dessert. We say no. This means we want the check, right? Not here.  We wait another 10-15 minutes and notice the people at the table next to us are just as annoyed and discovered they could pay their bill on the tablet.  I wanted to pay cash though.  We could not flag anybody down.  We finally paid the bill on the tablet.Bad food. Bad service. Stupid annoying tablets on every table flashing screens every few seconds. No way to pay cash for bill anymore apparently.
1	Well I didn't get to eat my dinner. Lost my appetite after finding a hair in my food. Broccoli was ice cold...won't be back
5	Our server Erica was very sweet she was so polite and had a smile the whole time! our meal was hot, fresh, and even looked better than the picture, that's hard to find! and im hard to please! I haven't been to Chilis in about 8 yrs I had a bad idea of the quality however I was surprised overall it was great! we will go back! note to others the table games for the kids do cost money, and were not aware.
3	It's tradition of my bestfriend and I to go here once of month. The food varies, it's ether a hit or miss sometimes. Hands down you have to always get the South Western Eggrolls. The staff is always pleasant and the bar area has these sweet legit arcade game tablet that also acts like the bill for fast and convenient paying.
5	Easy to get the best of the best food and friendly service.  Thanks for sharing this with our family
4	We decided to go here because they are very close to home. We were pleasantly surprised by the very good service offered to us by Cody. He was accommodating and thorough offered suggestions for food and drink. The table side guacamole made by Cody was excellent . The food was good, served hot and with any little changes (sauce on side) etc. the drink prices are not listed anywhere but are very reasonable. The hostess was fun and friendly.
5	I absolutely love,  love this Chili's!  I had a bad experience at Applebee's just down the street. Applebee's ruined our great family night until... we came to Chili's!  The hostess Nina greeted us with a huge smile and seated us right away. Then our waitress Toni came and greeted us (who by the way had a great smile ) took our drink order. Then the manager came to our table to greet an apologize for our bad experience at Applebee's. We got our appetizers quick, and our food right after by Nico which was excellent.  Toni came by several times to check on us. We will definitely not go back to Applebee's and will frequent this Chili's location more often. Love the employee staff at Chili's!  Go in and see for yourself!  Thank you again Nina, Toni, Nico and of course the manager Patrick!
3	Chili's is what it is, they are all basically the same, with only slight variations in details that make it better or worse.  I feel like this one falls on the better side of the Chili's experience.Employees are friendly, they don't look at me like I am crazy when I tell them to please remove the hepatitis-ridden mini monitor things on the table.  Which is nice.  Good night, I hate that thing, too many people use the bathroom and don't was their hands, sneeze in their hands and don't wash, lick their fingers and press on that thing, and now you want me to press the screen to order, no thanks.Same food as every other Chili's, prepared and presented in a manner that is reasonable.  Nice servers and easy parking make this a place we return to from time-to-time.
4	This is our regular family go-to place. Great food & much more reasonable than a lot of sit down places.
3	This place is pretty slow and the service is okay. I thought it could have a bit quicker service. They  are out of silverware on the night I've come but they "found some".  How does  that happen the bar is empty and there are not any patrons on the larger side. I may come back just to give it a second shot because you can't beat $35 for 2 margaritas an appetizer 2 entries and dessert.
2	Went on a Sunday around 3pm. At first it was slow, but when we were ready to box up and check out the bartender (our server too) was busy at the bar. Manager 1 was watching a football game on t.v. while his bartender was busy. Manager 1 sees and talks to manager 2 (must have been about the football game) manager 2 walks right in front of a t.v. and watches the football game. After manager 1 makes eye contact with me as my guest and I tried to flag them down. We get manager 2s attention and get boxes and change. For the food... it's what you expect from a chili's Applebees tgifridays type of place. Ordered ribeye medium rare(as any good steak should be cooked) to be served an uneven cooked ribeye. Some parts super rare. Some parts medium well. But again I have come to expect this level of cheffery from these types of restaurants. At least my beer was poured well.
2	FREEZING in this restaurant. they have eliminated SO MANY appetizers.  my pretzel sticks were over cooked.  service is slow & there is almost no one here. probably won't return.  go to Applebee's instead.
