5	I checked this place out when my husband got a new job and need to have his shirts ironed or pressed. I can do a lot of things, but ironing is not one of them. My friend and fellow Yelper Dyanna L suggested I try Deluxe Cleaners & Alterations. I am so glad I did. They have very reasonable prices and have a quick turn around time as far as getting your items back. I have even started getting some of my dresses cleaned here as well. I also had them do an alteration on a bra. I was so pleased with the work they did and they even got it done sooner then they originally said!  If your in need of a reliable dry cleaner make sure you check out Deluxe Cleaners! They have a really nice and professional staff and my clothes always come out looking beautiful. Best part is it won't cost you an arm and a leg like some other places I have tried.
1	Brought in a sweater to remove spots from the front of. Got the item back 2 days later and all of the spots looked exactly the same as when I dropped it off. The sweater was folded on a hanger and did not even look cleaned When I pointed all of the stains looked the same I was told "well they tried". So I asked, when I noticed her ringing me up, are you going to charge me for this and I was told I had to pay, without even a discount or an apology. I was sorely disappointed and told that my only option was to come back in 2 hours and talk to a manager! I don't have time for that .I asked that they take my name out of the computer as I would not be returning and I brought the sweater to Classic Cleaners on Warm Springs who said they would try and if the stain does not come out there would be NO CHARGE. I am shocked that to get 3.50 today for a job NOT  done they would give up a potential life time neighborhood customer .Good luck with that business model, I will not be back nor recommend you.
5	My boyfriend gets all his work shirts cleaned here which is how I knew about this place. Really friendly staff and had a few dresses altered here and the guy does a great job. Price is reasonable and worth it because his work is wonderful and as long as the dress is perfect I'm happy !
