1	Insanely rude staff. Couldn't get any help even after asking where to find a certain pair of sandals. One of the girls was trying on shoes while on the job!!! Ridiculous!
3	Staff always seems friendly towards me! I don't ask much since I go in for things I already know where they're located. The clearance area is almost always in order and correctly sized (besides today's trip!)Overall I like this location. Only 3 stars because of size, parking, and one of the underwear pairs I purchased had already been ripped (but I'll blame a rude customer for that one)
5	I took my daughters to Rue 21 yesterday to spend their Rue Bucks and Cash and gift cards.  They were having a pretty good sale and the store was busy.  To be expected a few days after Christmas.  The staff was helpful when I asked a young man some questions about the coupons and the rules in using them.  I wanted to make sure I understood how they could be used.  The young girl we helpful when I asked if the buy one get one for $5 applied to all buy one get one for $5, or just on the same rack.  I could see how my questions may be annoying but with so many loopholes these companies have on sales, I wanted to be cleared BEFORE we got to the register.  I overheard that their credit/debit was down; some customers were mad at the manager for this.  They were also getting mad about the rue bucks; they apparently didn't read the small print or ask questions.  The manager handled these people very patiently, probably more patience than I would have had with them.  They treated her really badly, as though SHE broke the debit/credit machine and SHE made the coupon rules.  I had the pleasure of her helping me ring my enormous pile of merchandise up, used 4 rue bucks cards, and in another transaction $30 in rue cash.  She was friendly, patient, engaging, and overall very customer service friendly.  5 stars for her!!  We ended up paying $80 for approx. $210 worth of merchandise.  5 stars for that!  My only suggestion, if the credit/debit machine is down, I would put a sign in the door so people know before they begin shopping and take their items to the register.  Or inform shoppers as they're shopping.  I could see how it would be frustrating if you didn't have cash to spend time shopping, never knowing, until the end.  Nonetheless, it wasn't THEIR fault; people need to chill.
