4	Only been here once, but the food & atmosphere is pretty good. Much like most of Belmont, you're going to pay a good price for the food, but this warrants the price. Although I think they put too much into the presentation of the food, it's full of flavor & usually is enough to fill you up.They have a nice patio area that is covered and they have a couple tv's outside. The bottled beer selection is extensive, along with their wine list, but I can't seem to understand why they have 0 beers on draft. It seems that a nice steakhouse would have a nice draft beer to go along with your meal, but maybe that's just me. And being located next to Sammy's & in the heart of downtown, you can walk to another bar after dinner or to the stores in downtown Belmont.
4	We went for the first time the other night for my girlfriend's birthday. i went under the impression that this was more of an upscale restaurant, probably because i heard they were a tasty steakhouse. It isn't as upscale as i thought. For example, the patio area featured a neon Bud Light sign and one group actually had a dog sitting under the table. Anywho, we sat on the patio area and ordered a Surf and Turf (8 oz. filet mignon and came with 5 shrimp) with mashed potatoes. i thought the filet was just good, but i thought the shrimp was excellent. The lady friend loved the mashed potatoes.  We also tried a tasty burger with steak fries. The fry seasoning was delicious as the other review said, but i thought it seemed like a small portion of fries overall. The tasty burger was indeed tasty with jalapenos, pimento cheese and bacon. The coolest thing was the special we saw on their Web site. During your birthday month, you can get 1/2 off any dinner entree! Crazy good deal. Of course we reinvested that savings in a martini and beer, but that works for me.
2	Had big expectations and was sorely disappointed.  The lettuce wedge salad was weird, the bread grainy, steak was overcooked and it was very hot inside.  The elevator music blared and our waiter had the personality of a bath mat.  Same verdict as The Woodshed - just pass it by on the way to Ruth's Chris.
4	This place must be lucky. When I first interviewed in Charlotte for my current position, I ended the evening at the Old Stone Steakhouse. A short time later was when I got the offer! It's been approximately 2 years since that night and returning recently was just as sweet.They offer a great, relaxing atmosphere. I went with co-workers and we chatted over 2 hours about business matters and we never felt rushed.I got the salmon salad for lunch and it was very good! Everyone else ordered a different salad and by the end, we had eaten all our greens! Yum. Maybe I'm used to eating carbs like crazy, but I was hoping that they would serve some warm bread with our salads (like I remembered during my last visit). Overall, great restaurant in a nice area! Service was good, salads were yummy!
1	I have been to the Old Stone about a dozen times. It's been OK. I usually ordered something other than steak since they do not serve USDA Prime. The meals were usually OK. I once tried their Signature Black and Blue Sirloin just to try it out. It was OK. But last night 8 of us wanted to celebrate a small occasion close by our home in Belmont so we all got the higher end steaks. Score: 6 steaks, 6 disappointments. I was the only one spoiled by the higher end Prime but everyone else in our party was let down. We got there early on a Wednesday night and the place was not crowded so that was not an excuse. My son and son-in-law, both chefs, knew right away that the steaks were not cooked to timed order. They were put on the grill the moment the cooks got the ticket then put under the salamander until we were done with our salads. When that happens our rare steaks still cooked a little too long and became medium rare. No juice on the plates at all is also another sign. Hardly anyone else was in the place. Could they have waited 7 more minutes? How long does rare take anyway? My son had to send his fillet back because it was overdone. The second problem was that 3 of the steaks were tough. Really tough. My dad's rib eye did not even look like a rib eye cut. It was only 3/4 in" thick. Our other 2 bone-in strips were the worst steaks we ever had. I know I should not have ordered a strip in the first place if I want super tender but it was bone-in and prepared in their signature fashion and was assured it was mouth watering.. Again, mine was an inch thick and my son-in-law's was an inch and a half. Both 18 oz. What's up with that? Even Bi-Lo will cut me 1.5 inch steaks. How do you even cook a 1 in steak rare? So the cut, the preparation, the quality of the meat all get failing grades. I thought a place that bills itself as a steakhouse - even serving USDA Choice - would at least be as good as say Outback. It wasn't.
3	We hit up the Old Stone during restaurant week (yes, another tardy review - sue me).  The place was hopping.  What I do not know, since I am not typically this far out, is if they are usually this busy.  I am going to guess not, but it is really tough to say.  Whatever the case, the service suffered a bit.They were friendly, but they were really slow.  In a more upscale steakhouse, that might not be bad - but here you have an upscale vibe, set off by the televisions and casual porch, so it really needed to be a bit faster.  At least they kept the bread coming and brought out the wine quickly.As to the food?  It was passable.  What I found really interesting was that here we were, at a steakhouse, and the steak was probably the least interesting thing on the menu.  Not bad at all, but the chicken was easily the best thing we had on the table.  The ribs were fall-off-the-bone tender - possibly helped by the Cheerwine sauce - and the nearly bite-sized dessert portions finished things off well.  I just wish that the steak could have held up its end.
2	Our first experience with this place was shortly after it opened. It was terrible. So terrible in fact, that we boycotted it. The service was horrid, the food lackluster, and the management? I won't even get started on the lack of professionalism there. We didn't go back for nearly 3 years. Then we heard about the crab legs, so we gave it a shot again. Great crab legs, great service. We thought they had been redeemed. 2 weeks ago, we took our family there for a family night out. We were going with the intent of having the crab again but were told that they no longer served it. So we all ordered steaks. My mother and I both got the ribeye. My daugher went for the NY Strip. I ordered medium, daughter medium, mom medium well. What we got was: Daughter rare. I got medium rare. Mom got medium rare. And the staeaks themselves were tasteless, non descript, lumps. Terribly tough. I liken chewing it to chewing grape nuts. You keep going and going and going but you don't know why. Both my mom and I ended up not eating ours. Yeah, that bad and I LOVE ribeye (normally). The server was terrible, the food was worse. Boycott is back on. Its way way too pricey for the quality. Its not worth it. I would rather spend the money and go to Chima or Outback. Better food, better service, better attitudes.
4	Definitely a fan of this place!  Great deal during restaurant week with three courses and a bottle of wine per couple.  Great decor and the building is the old police station.  Everything from the appetizer to the deserts were very tasty and lavish!  I highly recommend this small town gem in the heart of the cute lil town o belmont!   Enjoy yelpers!
2	My finance and I had a 'couples night out' coupon from Old Stone and decided to make the drive down to Belmont on Saturday night. It was packed when we got there, so we sat at the bar and had a drink before a table became available. The bartender made really good (strong) drinks so I have to say I would rate the bar service much higher than the overall experience. When were were seated, the waitress immediately asked us if we knew what we wanted to eat. We politely told her we needed a little more time, but she came back about two minutes later to check back in on us. We ordered a wedge salad and the goat cheese for starters and were disappointed. The dressing on the wedge wasn't very good and instead of the traditional bacon topping, they served cranberries on top of it, which was odd. The rest of the meal was just ok. My steak was over cooked and my the peanut butter dessert tasted like it was out of a box. Steve had the pork chop, which was the only wonderful thing we had last night. The website advertises 'five star dining'. I have to disagree and we probably won't go back to give it another try.
1	the worst time of my life in this place, went for lunch. ordered the piled high burger, so overcooked it was the size of a hockey puck and just as hard with two pieces of fat laden roast beef $10.95 are you kidding me. hair in the salmon salad, fishey crab cake the worst food ever. then the manager had the nerve to say well there was nothing wrong with the drinks, i wish i new who owned this place, the worst manager ever, i live and own a small business in belmont, and if i treated my customers the way we were treated i would be out of business.
2	My husband and I decided to try this steakhouse last weekend and were sincerely disappointed by it.  After reading the other yelp reviews, I was expecting a nice juicy steak and what I got was a bland and undercooked one.  I ordered my steak medium and received it rare.  How could I tell that it was rare and not medium cooked?  Well my husband ordered his steak rare and mine was cooked a lot less than his was.  Regardless of it being rare, it was just not flavorful at all.  The only flavor that I could get was from the cheese that was added to it.  My husband's steak was lacking in flavor as much as mine and the only thing you could taste on his was the Danish blue cheese sitting on top of it.  I'm sorry to say that the best part of our meal were the dinner rolls which were actually very good.  It is very safe to assume that we will never be going to this restaurant again.
2	I visited Old stone about a year ago and it was excellent.  I used to get the filet tips and grits, and they were so flavorful and delicious.  However, I recently went there, and the food was absolutely terrible.  For an appetizer, I got the spinach and artichoke dip and it was gross; they decided to put lemon in it which just ruined it my opinion.  Then for an entree I got the filet tips and grits just as I had in the past, except this time it was terrible, totally flavorless.  I will not go back to Old stone again, its slightly overpriced and now the food is atrocious.  If you are in that area, go to Sammy's Pub right beside Old stone, there food is great!
1	Don't bother.  Overpriced, supermarket cuts of meat and rude customer service.  You could honestly get a better steak at the likes of Ryan's or Golden Corral.  I'm amazed people like this place so much.
2	I've wanted to try Old Stone Steakhouse for while, and from the outside it looked promising.  Service was great, atmosphere was very nice, but the steak was a huge let down.I ordered the RIbeye and asked for medium-well.  Now a Ribeye should have some fat on it, because fat is flavor!  There was not a scrap of fat on the steak.  Also, I've bought thicker cuts of Ribeye from Walmart.  The steak was thin, rubbery, overcooked, and flavorless.  The only flavor came from the giant glob of butter they put on top.The fresh mixed vegetables came from a microwavable bag I watched the waiter dump on my plate at the pass.If you are looking for a great steak in Gaston County, I recommended heading up the road 15min to Stanley to true Steakhouse!
2	I have been a fan of Old Stone for a while and was expecting the same great experience.  I was pretty disappointed.   We had the boneless buffalo wings as a starter.  They were beyond hot (three mile island style).  Since there were no choices of how to order the wings, I was expecting mild or medium at most.  We had to ask for blue cheese / ranch as well as rolls.   My wife had the filet, which she ordered Medium and came out rare.   It was mediocre at best.   Honestly have had better at Denny's.   I got the filet tips and Cheddar Grits, which were a huge let down.  The tips and grits were covered in cheese and sauces, which is what I was expecting.  However, the tips themselves were untrimmed and had huge pieces of fat.The dessert was a let down as well.   We shared a Peanut Butter tower, which turned out to be two tasteless pieces of chocolate cake with peanut butter piped on top.  It reminded me of the sad little desert that you get from a healthy choice dessert box, only less taste.My recommendation: Save yourself $40 and go next door to Sammy's.
5	i went to old stone last october for lunch. we sat outside on the patio, it was kind of a chilly out but they have fire places that were on that made the patio very comfortable and provided a nice ambiance.  i had the rib eye steak sandwich which was fantastic. the wait staff was very polite and attentive.  overall it was a great experience and i plan on coming back next time im in the area.
5	Rarely do I enjoy a restaurant enough to write a review but Old Stone is one I'm happy to vouche for. I lived in downtown Charlotte for several years and made a point of visiting Old Stone at least once a month. I would recommend the 8 oz. filet or black and bleu sirloid if you want something with a little kick. While it may be a bit pricier than chain restaurants it's well worth the price and still very reasonably given the quality.Great staff starting from the owner, very friendly and makes sure you're enjoying your meal and overall expereince, all the way down to the busboys. I hope to be back soon!
5	filets here are great. I rarely eat steak, but when I do, it's a filet. I love that they have sweet potatos rather than the traditional. overall, great place to grab a steak.
5	Been here three times now and have found myself ordering the same thing every time...the ribeye. I am one who enjoys a medium rare steak and Old Stone has done it right each time. Enjoyed the patio during the summer and the cozy feel in the inside during winter. If you are a sweet potato fan, I would reccomend getting a side to split. I guess I should be better about changing up my menu orders, but its hard to change from a well cooked steak. Ill be back again soon!
1	Let me start by sayig that Old Stone used to make a pretty dang tasty meal. It is a bit pricey but it was pretty close to a Ruth's Chris or similar prime steak house. But in the past year or so the service has become HORRIBLE. The food quality has gone down signifigantly. And the drinks are no longer strong but still have that high price. The salads used to be huge and were awesome with their house made dressings and craisins that they put on them. Now the salads are small and dressing tastes like it was poured straight out of the kraft bottle. The steaks used to be well sized and cooked perfectly. Now the filet's we orederd were tiny, tough as shoe leather and overcooked. Everything has gone down hill about this place and the prices have not followed. I could not recommend this place to anyone. You would get out cheaper and have a larger meal from texas roadhouse or lonestar. I really hope the owners get their stuff in order and turn this place around into the great place it used to be. I will give it another chance in a year if it is still around.
4	I am from Chicago and was looking for a good steak place to eat. The food was very tasty, and I would come back to this restaurant to eat again.  I had the ribeye steak.
5	This place nails it. Great food -- from appetizers, salads, steaks, sides, desserts, beverages. Great service -- the right speed and drinks kept full. Fair prices. Great ambiance. If you are in the area and want a steakhouse meal, this place will more than fulfill the need.
3	Great setting and cozy, warm atmosphere.  However, a semi fail on food.  Go to a real steakhouse if you want a nice piece of meat cooked properly.  My 'medium rare' filet was actually cold inside still.  (Med rare should be at least warm and pink, not cold and red.)  The side of potatoes were also cold.  We sat at a high-top in the bar area.  Bartender needs to learn some manners and realize who pays him...the customer!  He was just grouchy and said the minimum possible for us to be able to place an order.  His service was terrible for someone that I believe has made a career out of bar-tending.  He was talking to the table next to us (folks he clearly knew) when we were about to walk out and he didn't even say "thanks" or "see you later."  Just POOR customer service.In summary, decent atmosphere but food and service need some real help.  Ill try them one more time to see if we just had a bad night.
2	For the past year I've come to Old Stone about twice a month for lunch. At first, the soups and salads were delicious and the prices excellent. In the past few months, however, the prices have increased and the portions have shrunk quite a bit. At first they just cut back on the amount of toppings on the salads (smaller portion of salmon, less steak, etc) and that was a bummer but now they've even decreased the amount of lettuce! I don't understand that. I might as well go to Panera and get a much larger, much tastier salad for half the price. What a disappointment.
3	Okay, I'm not a pretentious food-snob, really! The food was fine, but this review is mostly about the service. I'm sorry, but I had to ask to be waited on three times before I could get a waiter to come over to us. On top of which, I ordered a martini and several glasses and a bottle of wine. This was not an inexpensive dinner.The service was TERRIBLE. I couldn't even get a waiter to come over to us--I had to ask two different servers to send someone to our table. Food was great. My parents got the wedge salad and loved it. My NY Strip was excellent and cooked perfectly.Get control of your waitstaff, please.
5	I think I will have delicious dreams about that filet mignon for the next week. The service was fantastic. We came on a Saturday night with something called Nashville filming a scene across the street so needless to say, the place was PACKED.  Despite my initial feeling of extreme claustrophobia because my group decided to try to squeeze up to the bar for a beer during the week, the entire wait staff was smiley, friendly, and the hostess managed to find us several times to update us on when we would have a table. Our waiter was quick, attentive, friendly but not over-talkative which is my idea of excellent service. Now, the food was AMAZING. I ordered a filet mignon with mac & cheese and a wedge side salad. The dressing on my salad, a sherry vinagerette, was to die for. I practically licked the plate clean. Then, my filet showed up right on time, medium well as requested, and it melted. in. my. mouth. Beyond delicious. I mean it, I will dream of that steak. Then, the side dish of baked mac & cheese was fantastic. Melty in the center with a variety of cheeses, topped with baked, crunchy crust with a hint of bacon. I have paid 6 times as much to eat this exact same meal at Morton's and I would choose this place first every single time. The atmosphere was just as wonderful as the food. Lively, buzzing, casual. When the hostess showed our party of four to a table right in the center of the restaurant, I wasn't thrilled. I much prefer to be in a booth or off to the side when I'm in a group so that I can hear the people I'm sitting with but not feel like all the tables around us are in one big conversation because we're all so close together. However, we didn't have that problem at all! Whoever set this place up must have had the acoustics in mind because it was slam packed in there, and it was loud, but it was just the right amount of loud. We were still able to have great conversation, hear every word, but enjoy the fun atmosphere too. Needless to say, I will be back here SO MANY TIMES. Mmmm.. filet mignon dreams..
4	A small local place. Small town feel. Greeted immediately on entrance. Sat in the small bar for a beer and then over to dinner. We were seated but were holding an impromptu business discussion. Kandace was our server and very patient.   We got two 6 ounce steaks which were perfect sized, priced and cooked. Salads were very good with the homemade ranch. Our guest ordered a buffalo chicken salad and liked it. Wish they would have held the steak order until we could have finished our salads. We were about half way done when the steaks arrived.Good wine and beer list.
4	The atmosphere is very nice and they have a lot of great choices on the menu. I got the shrimp and grits with a field green salad. It was all very delicious. The only downside was the service, I waitress would disappear for 20 minutes at a time.
4	Excellent dinner on a long trip away from home.  Highly recommended
2	For it to be called a steakhouse, there certainly wasnt a lot of flavor. I ordered a bleu cheese steak and it tasted like nothing... no bleu cheese flavor, no steak flavor.
4	Great Dinner ... very good food !!!
4	What a romantic place to dine! The steaks are the center piece of their business.. However, my sister in law bought a lobster tail filled with beef and veggies. Surf & Turf with veggies if you will.The appetizer was delicious fried calamari!  Fresh and crispy! I had the 16oz Prime Rib.  Very tender and juicy!  Mashed taters were awesome!Service was excellent and menu has plenty to offer a finicky eater!
4	PROs. -Food: Very tasteful, I had the lobster and filet mignon, Service: Very good, Wait time: 15minutes, Ambience: fair, Dessert N/A did not try Price: $$$
3	I was only going to give 2-stars but added a 3rd because of the lunch menu.  I've only been in once for lunch but it was an overall good experience and I thought the price was decent for the food.  But the food is just okay--as far as steakhouse dinners go in this price range, you can do better.  The location, atmosphere, and service are all good but not exceptional.  If my husband and I are going to spend this much on steaks and prime rib, we're going to The Woodshed in Stanley.
2	Everything was great except the steaks.  The lettuce wedge salad was excellent and the service was good as was the atmosphere. My wife had a small fillet that was just ok. I had a NY strip that didn't look like any NY strip I've ever had before. It was 1/2 inch thick and looked like a breakfast steak. There are way better options for a steak at this price.
1	The wedge salad was good.  I had read the reviews about the steaks being bad so I ordered a burger.  It was okay but the waiter was the WORST!  First, he got my order wrong and then did not bring me any condiments.  It was a large party of 20+ people but he was the worst server that I have ever had.  He never came back to refill our water glasses and never asked if we wanted dessert!  I won't be returning.
4	This place has a nice atmosphere, casual or dressy, it's your choice.  The food is very good.  It's expensive, and you will have to decide if the expense is a value or not.  I like to eat here when I want something good but do not want the drive to charlotte.  This is by far, the best option for fine dining west of the   Catawba river.  I had the ribeye tonight and it was good, not great, but we'll seasoned and cooked properly.  The wedge was very good.  I have also had the half rack ribs on two occasions and it is one of my favorites with its cheer wine BBQ sauce.  Overall, the place is a hit.
3	Had dinner here after a very long day. The patio was amazing, and made for a great spot to relax and have a casual meal. Service was fast and friendly, and price fair. The good was somewhat lacklustre, but passable for the price and locale.
4	We visited for the 1st time last night.  Food is good but a little pricey.  We sat outside on the patio and it was nice.
1	Quite possibly the worst food experience I ve had this year.  I had the clan soup / chowder first and about two bites into my trout dinner I was running for the restroom.  I doubt it was the trout because I only had a couple of bites but the destruction it did to my stomach was wrenching.  Food poisoning at its best! I had always heard this place was good but my experience was horrible.
4	One of the best dining experiences I've had in awhile. My ny strip was cooked to perfection. The macaroni and cheese was phenomenal. The manager/owner? even came by and topped off our bleu cheese chips.
