5	I hesitate to write a review because I want this gym all to myself :-pThe owners, Robert and Vicki, are super friendly and informative and still manage to teach me something new each session (I've been working out for a while now, so I was sure I knew everything. NOT!). They do a great job with offering a well-rounded health and nutrition plan to get results fast, and it's the good kind of results-- less body fat and more lean muscle, not just numbers on a scale. I'd definitely recommend this gym to anyone struggling with motivation and struggling to get their body where they'd like. It's tough, but it's been worth it!
5	In my athletic career I've had the opportunity to work with Olympic Trainers and Nutritionists......they have nothing on Robert at Spartan Training!  He has mastery knowledge in all aspects of fitness and nutrition.  He and his wife Vicki take the time to explain what's actually happening in your body during exercise and how nutrition plays it's role.  I have personally never seen the results I've had with Robert this quickly.  Its been a long time since I've felt this good! As a Paralympic Gold medalist, I highly recommend Spartan Training!Thank you Robert and the rest of the Spartan Training team for all your efforts!
3	I have to say upfront that I was not a direct client but more a spectator! Lol My son (11) and his Dad were participating. I had a broken foot at the time. I was able to see that this facility is nice and clean and they have a lot of equipment for varrying levels of fitness. I saw a range of training and routines being offered and they were very knowledgeable and patient with everyone. My son that day was the youngest and they were very supportive and encouraging. There's no way I could have done the excersises they had him doing! And he was having a blast! They also combined team type excercises for his Dad and him to complete together which was really cool. I only heard some of their pricing which may have been too specific to quote. Seems like a great place for all levels of fitness!
5	I am delayed in writing my review of Spartan Training, but as you read, you will understand why I choose to write it now.  My son first met with Robert when he needed to drop considerable weight and body fat to qualify for enlistment in the Army.  My son's goal was to drop the weight as fast and safely as possible.   After investigating several gyms and personal trainers, we went to Spartan.  Robert did a complete assessment and unlike the others he also determined my son's mental readiness for the transformation he was about to undergo.  My son followed the Spartan plan, exercise and diet with very little variance.  He dropped over 60 pounds and got his % Body Fat down to 25%.  I believe that without the Spartan team he would not have been able to achieve this goal.  When he started he could barely walk 2 blocks.  Last week my son completed the Army Air Assault training at Fort Campbell Kentucky.  To pass this very aggressive program you must repel 80 feet out of a helicopter, and complete a 12 MILE run carrying a 35lb Ruck sack in less than 3 hours.  He completed that run in 2 hours and 50 minutes.   While I could not be prouder of my son's accomplishments, I don't believe that it would have been possible without Robert and the team at Spartan Training.  Proud Army Mom
5	One of a kind training studio. I have been a client to a fair amount of gyms and training studios over the years and Spartan Training is amongst the best. The staff are actually knowledgable about the human body and how to get results pertaining to each individual clients needs. There are people of all different shapes and sizes working out here and the atmosphere is upbeat, positive, and professional. They don't cheat you of any time and don't waste half your session stretching (but do make sure you come stretched to avoid injury). It is even encouraged you stay after your hour to hit the cardio machines which are available for your use anytime during business hours. Miss a session? Don't worry, there's no charge for no-shows and they are extremely schedule friendly and try to accommodate you at a time that best fits your needs. Personally, I have always left completely satisfied with my workout and if paired with a clean diet , results here should be easily attained by any client. Overall, I would recommend Spartan Training to anyone looking to make fitness part of their lifestyle. Whether it be body building or just overall good heath and wellness. A+
