5	Met with Stephen and Adrian today at Lavidge's office, along with my client (they are doing my client's site and blogs). I was totally impressed at their professionalism, humor and knowledge. They do their research and know their stuff, great staff, beautiful office.
1	I will keep this short and sweet and to the point. 1. Their design is nice and what you may be looking for. 2. When they developed our website - they went over budget by over double what we said we had and fought us on the fact that we should pay up. 3. They never finished the site properly - they only did what they thought was enough to say the site was complete. The site is still not functioning with our forms and lead generation. Ben talks a great game at the "sales" portion and then when it comes to the project management and making sure the the site is complete with customer satisfaction - they fail miserably. I will not recommend anyone and go out of my way to tell anyone my horror story..
1	Breaking News: Santa Added Lavidge to his Naughty List My company had a profoundly terrible experience with Lavidge.  We went to them with an internal budget of around $100,000/year to create and manage our online presence.  I have some experience in website development and to me this seemed like a very high expense, but my colleagues insisted that the scope of our Marketing required the best talent, and because of that we went with the most expensive, largest entity in Phoenix.  Don't make the mistake we did!  Not one person in our company today is happy with their service.  Lavidge is an impressive business, their office is amazing, and the sales people are articulate, but none of that follows through from pre-sale, to post-sale.  Ben was our sales person, and Stephen/Becky/Liz were assigned as our customer relations group.  I was mainly involved in the website portion of the project, so I did not see the interaction of the logo design/name change/intro video/letterhead development... etc.  The horror I experienced was in regards to the development of the website.  We signed their "Technology Service Contract" late January 2013, it took 10+ months to get our website live.  Terrible communication is the norm at Lavidge, they will get back to you in a timely manner with a phrase like "I will get back to you on that", but real/helpful answers are in short supply.  Try escalating any serious items to management and you will be lampooned.  Apparently traditional, common sense ways of treating customers does not apply to The Lavidge Company.   Feel free to visit our Lavidge designed website www.ec2software.com.  I realize that part of any website roll out is the job of plugging in type/content, so we take responsibility for a month or two for inputting our content.  This has to be the most expensive website of its kind.  You be the judge, is it not a simple layout?  The amount of money we spent on it would numb your mind.  Any other web design firm would have treated us like kings for that amount of money.  We were treated as a nuisance, every escalated call we had with Stephen was miserable.  He is supposed to be the manager of the group and would say things like "that's not our problem" or "we can't do anything about your communication problems with us" or "we never said that".  I am in the customer service industry and it seems to me like these three phrases are something that should never be said to a customer.Well what do you do when you have a terrible experience with a company?  NEVER GIVE THEM BUSINESS AGAIN, and post negative reviews every chance you get.
