3	Decent for a Half Price Books, but less interesting than the Frugal Muse. OK selection of older "nostalgia" books. Annoyingly, the checkout staff loaded my Half Price Books bookbag up so that it ripped, and then failed to comp me a replacement -- they wanted a buck, and I had already spent a hundred. Great customer service, guys.
3	This place used to be better and more knowledgeable and helpful.  I guess I hit bad staff day or something.good prices and a great selection.   Need chairs to sit and read.
2	While I think their selection is alright, the stuff they get in is usually crappy editions (e.g. Barnes & Noble Classics Editions). I don't normally leave with anything when I go in, however, one time I did manage to score the entire series of Mr. Show for under $30, so that was cool. It's hit or miss.
3	This location, while convenient (steps away is the Metro Bus West Transfer Point), doesn't have the selection of books and music that the East side Half Price has. I don't know if it is a different customer base in each location or what. Still, it has comfy seating while Barnes & Noble has none, and they do have coupons during the year.
4	I don't know why so many people are complaining about the selection here. I stopped by here looking for a few things to read on a long flight, and I walked out with a collection of poetry by Andrew Motion, a Zelazny SF classic, and some stuff by Mill (On Liberty, The Subjection of Women, and Uitlitarianism), for $9.My only complaint is that their inventory isn't hooked up to amazon or abebooks, so you have to go to the store to see what they have. Well, that, and someone I knew from high school works here now, and I don't think she recognized me (sadface).
5	I see a lot of negatives posted about HPB. I want to give my posotive opinion. My wife and I tend to spend a lot of time here. We like to peruse the entire store for interesting new books to read and often leave with a nice little treasure. The prices are very low. We buy ALL of our dvds here as well. What is nice about shopping here is that each week we go in, they have something new for us. We find each experience here to be relaxing and non-rushed. When I go in looking for a specific book that they don't have, they can search the HPB website and often have another store mail it to you free of charge.  In closing, I love HPB!
