3	This one was ooooooo k as far as Carl's Jr. goes. Staff was friendly and was greeted the second I walked in the door. Order was taken immediately, Food arrived promptly. I enjoyed my #6  Double Western Bacon Cheese Burger meal with Criss-Cut fries, and washed it all down with delicious Strawberry soda. I only give it 3 stars because its a little small inside, so its kinda cramped while eating.
4	Always good. Great service. I did not care for the new burgendy or brandy burger. It was dry and the flavor did not blend well. I should have stuck with the grilled chicken santa fe sandwhich.
5	Great service. Will put you in agreat mood.
4	Still good, still great service. I had the Big Carl, lol that soulds bad. I ate the Big Carl, lol that sounds just as bad. I munched.... I devoured, I shoved Big, ohhhh... nevermind.It was good, the frys were good, the place was not too busy.
3	I went today for lunch and had the $6 original burger.  The burger was pretty good especially considering it is a fast food joint.  That is all due to the charbroil vs. the microwave technique I think.  : ) Sorry McDonalds.  Anyways they have a good soda selection with Coke products so you get Fanta and Dr. Pepper.  The only reason I didn't give this place a 4 star is the french fries.  They were absolutely horrible.  I tried to eat them but just couldn't I ended up having 4 fries.  They were some of the worst I've had on my burger tour of AZ.  So if you go to Carls get the other options like criss cut fries or onion rings.
4	I'll stick to the Sante Fe grilled Chicken sandwich... it rocks!
4	Carl's Jr. is my office away from the office Monday thru Friday. I come here to read my IBD and grab something to eat. I love the french toast and when I'm feeling really cheap I get the Sunrise Croissant for a buck. The croissant comes with eggs, sausage and american cheese (I request pepperjack instead). Lately the Sunrise has not been agreeing with me so I guess I'm stuck with the french toast for now on. So come by and say hello if you're in the area before 8:30.
3	PROS: - Most of the food is very tasty for the price.  For drive-thru fast food, their burgers are some of my favorite.- They have really good unsweetened ice tea here for $1.  Also, their spicy chicken sammich is pretty tasty when you consider it is only $1 too. CONS:- I hate their "grilled" chicken salad with a passion.  I don't know what mush they put into the "chicken", but the only items that can be distinguished are the fatty / gritty bits of chicken. No. Thank. You. - Drive through at this location suuuuucks during the work week lunch rush. - Some of the food is a little too greasy (not just this location though, in general).For fast food, it is good/acceptable (as long as you don't come during lunch time during the week or order the salads!!).
4	It's a typical fast food burger place... food is just fine. This is my local place and I like it because the staff is friendly and the bathrooms are clean and when you review fast food places, to me, the customer service and the cleanliness is what makes a difference from other places.
2	I'm really bummed that Carl's jr is starting to skimp on the food. The chicken sandwich has shrunk and the sandwich was 90% lettuce and the large fry was hardly a medium when dumped out. Also Carl's jr has a new rewards app and you get rewards for checking in and the location was selected but said it didn't recognize any Location nearby. I asked the person at the register to help me and she said "I didn't know we had an app" and the other person said "it's having problems". They did even offer to honor the initial register/check in offer
3	This is NOT a Green Burrito location. But they have good burgers and decent customer service.
1	So slow you need a calendar to time them. And attitude? Oh yeah. Super sassy bad attitudes with every order. Not Coming Back - Ever...
