1	It SHOCKS ME that the OWNER of a business would deliver rude, condescending custmer service and ACCUSE the customer of lying. Even when I delivered proof that HER employee made a mistake and my account was debited in error, the OWNER STILL DID NOT apologize!!! (She did refund me but said "it's only $20 bucks I am not going to argue with you, mistakes happen!)  A sorry?  NOT.  I DO NOT recommend you do business with Tangible Tanning at 67th & Peoria.  After a fairthful 3 months, I was treated like garbage.
5	I have been tanning at Tangibles for nearly 10 years. It was the first tanning salon I went to and still love it. The owners are very friendly and helpful. They give great deals and great service!
5	I have been tanning at Tangibles for nearly 10 years. It was the first tanning salon I went to and still love it. The owners are very friendly and helpful.They give great deals and great service!Still as good as it gets just wanted to update!
5	Tangible tanning is amazing! They are by far the best tanning salon I've ever been to. I've been going there for a couple years now and I won't ever go anywhere else! They are very clean and ALWAYS nice and helpful when I go in. I recommend them for sure:)
1	I had amazing first impressions of this salon, until the owner opened his mouth. Rudest person I have ever met. Treated me like a child instead of a new customer and made me feel stupid for asking questions that many other salons have no problems answering. Bought a single session and never returned.. If you cant handle being nice to customers don't work at your own establishment.
1	I had a coupon for a $12 Mystic tan so I decided to give this salon a shot - that was a mistake!I hadn't been tanning or spray tanned in quite a while so I was quite fair when I went in. I asked for the "light" option because I didn't want to end up orange or streaky (the options are light, medium, and max)...the employee told me that I should do the max option so that my tan would last longer. I expressed that I didn't want to end up orange or too dark and she told me that the different levels did not affect the tan color but rather only affected how long the tan lasted. She said that if I did the "light" option, my tan would be gone the next day. Against my better judgement, I agreed to do the "max" option because I figured she was the expert and knew what she was talking about.Immediately after stepping out of the Mystic tanning booth, my worst fears were realized - I was already way too dark and streaky. I wiped off as much as I could after exiting the booth and ran home to take a shower and SCRUB off as much of the tan as possible. Thankfully most of it came off and I didn't have to walk around looking like a cast member of The Jersey Shore for a week.I'm so disappointed that I wasted $20 on nothing and that the employee would try to up-sell me and convince me I needed the max even though she knew it would be too dark. I will definitely be taking my business elsewhere in the future.
1	STAY AWAY! I bought a Groupon for $20 to receive One Month of unlimited tanning in a level one bed. Once I tanned twice, I was interested in upgrading my service to a level 3 bed and continuing every month with auto pay. The employee advised me that the price is $80 your first month and $40 every month after that, however since I already paid for the groupon and it was half way through the month so I only needed to pay an additional $40 to upgrade for the rest of the month. I swiped my card and signed up for a monthly auto draft. THEN.. I come in a few days later and the manager had her employee tell me I was miss quoted and didn't like the price that the girl gave me. If I wanted to tan in a level 3 bed I would have to pay an additional $30. WHAT!?!??!? I am sorry your employee didn't give me the right price but that is not my fault. The math doesn't add up either ... $20 groupon + the $40 I already paid + another $30 totaling $90 for two weeks of tanning. NOPE you're sketchy...I told the girl I wanted my money back and I will no longer tan with them. Of course only a manger has that right, I left my info and told the girl to have this woman call me. Did she? Nope! Needless to say I had to file a claim for services not received through my bank AND I had to cancel my card so they could not auto pull money from my account next month. Terrible customer service on her end. They missed out on a repeat customer every month, my refunded $40, and future Luminary lotion purchases.
