2	Eating here was quite disappointing. A group of 4 of us came for lunch today (Sunday) at 1 pm.  It was not too busy at the time and we were seated immediately.  It'd be rated 1 stars if it weren't for the fact it was kind of a pretty place and new.  I believe they only do all you can eat, and no a la carte.  I've been to Ye's Sushi a number of times though not recently and I'd have to say that Ye's is better and that's saying something given how quality has deteriorated there over time.  This place opened about a month ago I think so they really don't have a similar excuse.  Restaurant staff communicate with each other in mandarin - which isn't so much an issue I suppose, if the food quality were better.  The spicy salmon looked soggy, and the presentation was not good at all.   Something I find a bit annoying for a lot of all you can eat sushi places, though it's undoubtedly to keep the costs down for lunch, is that you you can't order sashimi at lunch with lunch costing $12.99 / person pre-tax and pre-tip.  What I liked the most from this place were the beef skewers (it was ordered towards the end so I probably had fairly low expectations by that point) with possibly the scariest looking dish being the spicy salmon pizza - which as noted, it appeared as if the salmon was soggy. The rolls were generally too loose which made them look sort of odd (pictured as uploaded).  To be fair, the food tasted ok though salty at times (too much soy sauce on the dragon rolls?).  Some of the rolls were remarkably tiny - and like Ye's they would invariably forget portions of orders.Hopefully quality will improve in the future though I can't say I will be returning anytime soon.
3	Good food, nice ambiance, and good presentation. The service however was extremely slow. While the rolls were plenty delicious, it took forever for them to make it, and bring it out. Unlike other places, they did bring out individual rolls, or ones that were ready, instead of bringing it all out on the same platter. The kitchen items/entrees came out rather quick, and left us waiting a long time for out rolls. Overall, it was pretty good, and got pretty packed quickly.
3	I've been to Sushi 99 several times now. I must say their service and food is very consistent. The food itself is excellent for being Waterloo, its remote so I can't expect any good sushi like in Toronto or Vancouver. However the service is really bad. The waitresses are rude and are extremely slow. One time I went and they doubled my order and another time my ice cream never showed up.The best thing to get here is their deep-fried ice cream. Other than I highly recommend trying the Sukiyaki which is stir fried beef.Overall I believe they much better than their competitor Ye's.
4	ONE OF BEST SUSHI PLACE IN WATERLOO! The sushi 99 special roll is definitely my all time favouite roll. Lots of choices on the menu too! The price is typical of any other sushi place... but it's super cheap during lunch time so if you're feeling cheap come by during the day. The service is a little slow and sometimes not too friendly but I guess it can't be helped since it is such a huge place.Oh and also the decoration is nice and they play Korean/Japanese/Chinese music.
5	Oh How I miss Sushi 99!!!! I would come all the way from America to have it if I could but i live on the West Coast. I lived in Kitchener for 2 years and i had hard time finding good sushi for a on the budget price.  This was one of the best place...love their rolls especially the spicy tuna/salmon and i absolutely love their salads and seafood pancake.
3	The sushi here is mediocre, but pretty decent for the Waterloo area. Definitely go there for dinner instead of lunch. The sushi at lunch is much worse than dinner, especially the rolls; tiny and poorly done. Love the fact that you can just write down what you order. Service is mediocre, but good enough for a university city.
3	I am giving 3.2-3.7 ish? Will update if I get impressed more.This place was pretty great overall, upscale, pretty clean, spacious and comfy, reasonable prices. Went with a friend, we came in and got seated more or less right away. It was lunch so we got lunch AYCE.  Lunch AYCE is 1.5 hrs max.The first and probably only gripe I had bout my experience was the menu that the waitress gave me. It had some left over cabbage from who knows where that was stuck and smeared on. However, granted the menu was in color and it was understandable that it was missed. We got rolls (don't know which ones since my friend ordered those), and yes, at least for lunch, don't expect the freshest rice and ingredients. However, they weren't terrible or anything. I'm almost certain dinner would be more fresh although I haven't tried it. The tempura shrimp was a little bland, but tender. The ramen soups were pretty good too (not over flavoured). The kalbi was simply one of the best I've had in a while!The manager guy (I presume) came by when we were done our meal. We were pretty well pass our max stay time and we thought he would be handing us the bill. Instead he was just there to help cleanup the table and even asked if we wanted more! We were full so we asked if he had ice cream for lunch AYCE since it wasn't listed on the order form. He could have easily said no, but he said yes, he took our orders and immediately brought it out. Overall, not the freshest place for sushi but their kitchen menus are quite splendid, and service is definitely commendable here.
2	I am going to assume I went on a very bad fluke-of-a-kind of day since my experience with the food is far from anything mentioned in the rave reviews before me. I came here a while back with my then at the time boyfriend since he loves AYCE sushi and a few friends mentioned this one was very good.The rice. Let me tell you about it -- it was awful. I was attempting to eat the very well-decorated dynamite roll that graced our table. After chewing for what felt like a century, I was beginning to realize this was going to be a long and painful meal. The rice was overcooked to the point it was like chewing on a piece of mochi. I'm pretty forgiving of sushi rice, but this is just not acceptable at any standard.The actual fish and such seemed on-par with most AYCEs. The portions again about the same. But the fact the rice was so gluey just made it inedible. Even my boyfriend at the time said something about it and this boy eats anything without complaint.I'm much too forgiving and willing to try it once more since it has been a while, so hoping they've improved since!
4	Service:We were greeted kindly at the front. For the most part, great service. Although some of the waitresses didnt seem overly happy to be working there, they did their job well. We actually got refills on our drinks often (not common for KW sushi). Appetizers came quick, sushi was a little longer but that was understandable because we ordered alot. Food:The appetizers were tasty, although some of the beef teriyaki was a little on the luke-warm side. Shrimp tempura had way too much bread. Portions are very small: 50 pieces of salmon sashimi could pass as 30 in another restaurant; however they were good and fresh. Their fire dragon roll was particularly good, I'd recommend giving it a try.The restaurant's decor is modern and homey. Everything was clean and service ran smoothly. I highly recommend Sushi 99 if you're looking for quality sushi in KW.
3	I went here for all you can eat lunch. I thought it was costly at $17.99 (I was expecting fifteen dollars or cheaper). The food was good. There was no sashimi on the lunch menu though, which I was disappointed in, especially for the price we were paying. I particularly liked the spicy salmon roll which I normally don't like. It was exceptionally good.  Everything else was average. The service was slow, it was okay. The place was really big and really busy.I liked it but I wasn't thrilled with Sushi 99.
3	This is exactly what you would expect from an all you can eat sushi restaurant in a university town.  The value is excellent (if you go hungry you can definitely get your monies worth) but the quality is not what you could get at an actual Japanese restaurant.The atmosphere at sushi 99 is a lot nice than some other all you can eat places in town and it is great to come with a group or with just two people.On Monday's they offer a discount!
3	We all get it. The inescapable drowsiness which follows order after order, volley after volley, barrage after barrage of all-you-can-eat food. 99 sushi is a prime purveyor of food which induces those badass mid-day naps.Pretty standard AYCE setting, structure and quality of food. Nothing spectacular or disgusting but middle of the road stuff.It's a large location, sporting dark wood, and nothing but booth style seating. Lets just say, you'll never have to wait for a table and you'll always get a bench seat.You order off two separate sheets, one exclusively for sushi and sushi like things (rolls, maki, sushi, pizza) and the other is for entrees, salads, soups, apps, tempura, etc) the choices are wide and they have everything you could want from a typical sushi resto. I recommend the beef skewers, I really liked those for some reason. I didn't like the sushi rice they used, and the raw fish was sliced too thin.The price is 13.99 for lunch which excludes sashimi. Not a bad price for the variety.Overall, worth the money and I'd probably only come for lunch.
4	When this place first opened, there service was absolutely horrible. It took them 2 hours to get 3 of our orders. But luckily they picked it up after a week or 2 and there food was great!. Even after a couple of months of opening the quality was still good and the service was good. Would rather come here then ye's sushi, and would only go there if 99 was too busy.
4	I ate AYCE lunch today at Sushi 99 with some friends and I think the overall experience was great!The place was fairly busy however our orders still came relatively fast.  Although they did miss a few of our orders, I don't blame them since we almost ordered the entire menu haha and this kind of stuff usually happens at AYCE places anyways.  The waiters and waitresses were constantly going around to clean up empty plates and platters which was great since that allowed room for all our dishes.  Food wise, I cannot say I am knowledgeable about sushi or Japanese food since most of the time I only consume AYCE Japanese food.  However, I think that the quality of the sushi at Sushi 99 was very good.  The sushi tasted fresh and there was actually a good amount of "filling" in the sushi and hand rolls as opposed to some places that provide more rice than "filling".  Also, the tempura was very delicious; it tasted very fresh and crispy.  I also enjoyed the deep-fried banana the eel pancake and the chicken and beef skewers.My friends and I all left very satisfied and full!I would definitely come back to Sushi 99 for AYCE again.
2	Went for dinner on a friday night, place was kinda full. This place strangely has a lot of people, come eat here if you're interested in getting stuffed with extra additives. Dinner or lunch, not worth the money...Coming here means, slimy shashimi and mushy rolls covered in thinly sliced fish. The pieces of red tuna were so thin on our sushi in comparison to the rice it clung onto, it was so skillfully sliced that it shows where their priorities lie. Although kw is mainly students, it doesn't mean you need to maintain cafeteria lunch quality. Best not to go if you have less than 4 people who will enjoy fatty meat and slimy rice.To be honest I rather spend the dinner price at a real a la cart restaurant like Watami or something, instead of paying so much for room temperature fish.. Service was ok, but they tend to pay less attention to you as soon as they give your first order. They trick you with your orders, giving close to 20 pieces of fish instead of 10, hoping to fill you quickly. They only care to remind you that there's an extra charge for leftover food when the place is packed. Ultimately filled with regret spending so much for a few orders of blah....Mixed feeling since this seems to be one of the better ayce places in kw..Good luck with your food!
1	Food was mediocre. What will forever keep me away again - the service. Sure, they were fast. Basically stood beside our booth, waiting for us to clear a plate. No time to even swallow. Staff looked absolutely miserable! No one was able to answer any questions we had. No refill on coffee. Brutal!
3	I had AYCE dinner post-game..Food was quite good, however, they messed up our order a few times.Service however was bad. Waiters were kind of throwing food onto the tables, constantly rushing themselves. Students come here often to eat so it can be busy at times
1	I really liked this place UNTIL I realized that they don't clean their shrimp. Our server asked what was wrong and she told me that it's okay to eat that way and that they never clean their shrimp. Thanks, but that's gross. CLEAN YOUR SHRIMP.
4	First time going to Sushi 99. Food was really good and it got to the table really quick! My favourite of the night: miso soup! :) only thing is that there seemed to be a few waiters/waitresses just walking around. Noise level wasn't too bad and I think I would go back! :)
3	It's hard not to be disappointed when I come here, but it is sushi (yum!) and the prices are competitive.The rolls are small and rushed with poor presentation. However, at least they don't fill their sushi with mostly rice and have a good amount of fish.Service staff drop your plates at the table and run away just as quickly. Items that we order never show up. Service charge is included in your bill. 10% discount by cash.I've also heard that the owner keeps the tips. If you're going to tip, leave cash at the table, and not with the cashier or through the debit/credit.
