5	You know how some places don't give a crap about you?This is not the place!Every time I go in I have a good time!GO!
5	This place is AWESOME! My Fiance and I come here for our hookah flavor and coals. The owners are very knowledgable in their products and have great suggestions. They also have great prices! If you come as often as we do, they give great deals on their products and also give you free samples. Great Smoke Shop! Highly recommended.
5	This place is great!! We moved from Los Angeles and found this place as soon as we moved. Owners and workers are really friendly and knowledgeable about there products. And have a great selection of hookah flavor. Check out the place and see for yourslef.
5	So I am from out of town and I was in need of some smokes. I stopped by this gem and all I have is to say is wow. When you first walk in, the cleanliness and the organization of the store are eye popping. They have an amazing selection of items from e-cigs to juices to vaporizers and everything in between. What differentiates this place from other smoke shops are the prices and the staff. Best prices in the area hands down!! I highly recommend you stop by and see for yourself!!!
5	Huge store with a huge inventory of smoking accessories.The staff were all very personable and knowledgable.  Besides answering my questions he made suggestions re: what I was looking for.I ended up buying a pipe he recommended and he took a couple bucks off and threw some cleaners in for free.  They're prices are extremely reasonable, and the customer service is not your average smoke shop counter help.Kudos to the owner (older gentleman) for getting down with the techno music obviously chosen by his younger staff. :)
5	Very friendly staff. They have no problem pulling out any product to let you check it out. Their selection is HUGE. Not just on smoking pieces, but weapons, legal highs, legal lows, EVERYTHING it would take to be a well rounded smoke shop. Of course it goes further with every accessory, cleaning solutions, and synthetic urine. The selection coupled with the great customer service goes great with their pricing as well. I will definitely repeat a trip there.
