5	I LOVE that they have a candy and prize section here! The candy section is like a mini Willy Wonka factory. Every time I've been here I've left with everything that I sought put to get and on occasion some extra's. The employee's always seem to be in a great mood, helpful & curteous. This location is so much better than the Eastern location in Henderson.
5	Wow! This place is a party planner's dream! They have lots of goodies, favors, decorations, etc. at great prices (esp. the favors). They had an Easter section (as I'm writing this in April 2011) and a clearance section in the very back aisle. I received great customer service and the store was so clean & organized that I didn't really need help finding anything. I adore this store!
3	Honestly, the only time I come here is during Halloween to browse for Halloween costumes and accessories. I have never actually purchased anything here, but they have a pretty good selection. I have to say that the staff is hit or miss as far as customer service goes. We were at first helped by a very enthusiastic sales associate who was eager and willing to get us anything we might need from the back room and then when we actually did need some assistance we could only locate a very sullen and low-energy associate that acted as if our requests were cutting into her standing around and acting bored time. Overall, the store is good and has a lot of options and is a nice well-kept location.
2	Last minute Halloween costume shopping, they didn't have any of the costumes I wanted. Wario was nowhere to be found, unfortunately. Service sucked. The girl working there had moved like a snail and clearly didn't want to be there.
1	Went here today and literally had the crappiest service.  It was only 7PM, and there was about 6 other people in line while only one cashier was working while the other one was hanging out behind the counter eating.  Where is the professionalism?  1 Star, should be 0 stars.
3	Party City is my go-to party store. I especially love to stop by and browse during October because their Halloween selection is top-notch. This location is clean, neat and organized. The prices are good and their party supplies are thoughtfully organized by theme. They also have a huge selection of helium balloons in every imaginable shape and size. The reason I've knocked off a few stars on my rating is the checkout scenario. The line is always out of control no matter when you are shopping. The employees aren't the greatest here and it takes FOREVER to checkout. If you are prepared to wait, you'll love this place.
5	I went to party city for decorations for my child's birthday and to purchase a costume for him for Halloween. Everything I needed (and more) for his party was in stock. I also ordered balloons to be picked up. They were fast and courteous for the initial sale and when I came to pick up my balloon order. I also had to return to the store a third time because the costume that I purchased was missing items out of the package. I went in expecting a fight (since that seems to be the way things go with customer service lately) but the girl at the counter was very pleasant and she apologized for me having to come back. The store associate went in the back and got the missing pieces for me and she apologized as well. Very good shopping experience. I appreciate that they take care of their customers when something is wrong with the purchase.
5	I put off buying a costume for too long, but long story short, I got what I came for.I needed a full length red cape with hood, and not only did they have it, they had a bunch! Price was a bit higher than what I think it was worth, but hey, that's retail, right? especially for waiting too long. Cest la Vie.Party city is always my go-to party supply house, for everything. Keep it up guys.
5	The best place for party planning! The staff is extremely helpful from beginning to end.  Made sure I had everything we needed and were very responsive with kids.  The staff was helpful on best selection and plan for balloons, they were helpful in helping me find what I needed and also everything was ready to go right when they opened the doors with no waiting first thing.  Their system of having emailed receipts and finding receipts in the computer is very efficient too rather than having receipt paper.  The selection of dress up costumes, kids party supplies is the best in the valley.  The store is very organized and good selection. Good party store but the customer service definitely earns this place top rankings for me.  Things that make party planning simple are great!
3	I am torn between 2 and 3 stars for this place, but I went with 3...it is probably more a 2.5. Sometimes I have a great experience here, but more often, not so much.I feel bad because some of the staff are really great and helpful, but it is very inconsistent. The lines are almost always out of control, and they seem really unprepared to handle more than 3 people at a time, which always strikes me as odd because it is a giant party store!I ordered balloons a week ago and waited in line for the one checker, and told her I wanted to get a balloon bouquet. She had me walk back and forth up front to pick out balloons which held the whole line up behind me. I felt bad and got a ton of death stares from people waiting, but there didn't seem to be any other way to get the balloons I wanted, and no one else came up to check out people behind me. Then I came today (at 11:45) to pick up my balloons (supposed to be ready at 11) and they weren't even blown up yet, so I had to wait while they did them. Not a huge deal really, but they make such a big deal about taking down all your information (email, name, phone number, pick-up time) that you would think they would actually have them ready 45 minutes past the time they were supposed to be. The guy was nice and apologetic, but the girl he looked at when questioning why the balloons weren't done, just said she forgot...okie dokie then :-\However even with all that said, I know I will be back. There really isn't anywhere else you can find such a large selection of party supplies, Halloween costumes (although the place is a mad house zoo all of October), or holiday items. I just wish the staff were a little more on top of their game over there.
4	The best party store I've been to. Tons of supplies for different themes, plenty of nice people to help, quick balloon inflation, and chairs to sit and wait. Great place.
3	They Have A Good Selection Of Costumes And party supplies. Some of there items are on the higher priced end and some things are not.  The place isn't too crowed which is nice. I'll come back to get certain things I know are cheaper here then anywhere else.
