5	Paul is the real deal!  When I went to see him I was already in shape and in good health but I just felt there was something else out there better than what I was doing.  At the time I was eating 5-6 small meals a day, low fat, very healthy with lots of fruits and veggies, boneless skinless chicken, tilapia, etc...   I had counted calories so long I pretty much knew my calorie intake every day.  Once or twice a week I got a "cheat" meal and I really looked forward to that.  It was hard not to overly indulge with those meals because the rest of the week was such bland low-fat food. It was so time consuming to plan ahead and prep six meals a day that I hired my nanny for lots of extra hours to get it all done for me.  Fast forward two months after Paul's program.  I don't need my nanny to come extra time every week to prep my food because its so easy that I can do it myself.  I only eat  2-3 times a day but I feel so much healthier and energetic then when I was eating 5-6 times a day.  My body has learned to be self-sufficient so I don't NEED fuel from food every 2-3 hours a day. This has freed up my life so much.  I enjoy my kids more and I'm not dominated by "meal time" every 2-3 hours.  The best part is that I ENJOY my food PLUS I'm leaner then ever.   I don't even think about cheat meals any more because I'm so satiated with the food I eat. PLEASE just call Paul and set up a free consultation so he can explain how he can change your life. His program WILL change your life in more ways then you can imagine.  It is the product of a life time of intense research and trial and error.   He knows his stuff. I have hired 3 nutritionists in the past, two of which were professional body builders and they don't even hold a candle to the knowledge Paul has.  Paul is an innovator.  He thinks "outside the box" and therefore he gets "outside the box" results. Give him a call, you won't regret it!
5	There are so many unbelievable ideas, moments, personal accomplishments, both physical and psychological that came to fruition during my families experience with the SuperHumanTransformation I find it truly hard to talk specifically about one.After trying a vegan, vegetarian, juicing, weight watchers, and many 14 day, 30 day body cleanse diets we were left without the results and feeling we yearned for until we met Paul for his introductory seminar. It was that night in January we knew he would deliver his ideals and practical goals.Since, I feel better than I ever have, seen personal growths on many levels, and continue to be connected to this lifestyle. The most important component to me is Paul's ability to connect to others and spend the necessary time educating us allowing my family to continue implementing these practices once our challenge was completed.I would highly recommend Atavist Nutrition to all my family, friends and acquaintances alike.THANK YOU Paul,The Lochner's
5	I started working with Paul through a nutritional workshop.  I thought it was going to be just like all the other nutritional journeys I had done.  I was doing everything I had read and learned about, eating little carbs, all wheat, every 3 hours, protein shakes, workout supplements, and for a moment I debated if I should take the nutritional challenge because I thought I was just going to hear the same thing that I already knew.  But BOY, I WAS IN FOR A CHANGE!!! Paul and his method change my life!! I felt happy because I was eating real food, he brought the flavor back into my life. I was not worried about calories, portions, or even time in between meals.  By the end of my journey with Paul I was stronger, feeling healthier, and happier than I had been in a long time.  After the challenge was over I was in the best shape (inside and out) of my life!!!! At 40 I'm having friends and family comment on how they had never seen me this fit, or this happy EVER!!! And Paul is there every step, through the meetings, facebook, texting, phone, he is always accessible, he is always keeping an eye, and even after I know if I need anything he will be there for me.  He has made me a better healthier person, a better mom, better wife.... He has changed my life and if you let him he can change yours.
