4	I rate this show as one of the very best FREE things you can do in Las  Vegas.For 15 minutes the dancers at the Rio give it all they have on a small stage in the Masquerade gambling are of the Rio.Their performance is the equal of many shows you pay afternoon vegas prices to see. Along with the dancers, there are a variety of floats that swing by over the stage. I understand that you can buy a place on one of the floats, so you can be a part of the show. When the show first started a few years ago, the "Brazilian Carnivale" performers would parade through the casino trying to generate that party atmosphere for the show. They may still do that, but I have not observed the parade during the past few times I have watched the show. The performers throw out beaded necklaces during the show, always a treat for those that catch them.What you want to catch is the high energy performance of the dance troupe. They are supurb.Great show, even greater price.
2	I remember visiting the Rio when it first opened and watching with new eyes the Masquerade Show in the Sky which was off the hinges. You would see mobs of performers walking around the casino floor spurring guests to join in the party atmosphere they were trying to induce. However, fast-forward to the present and this show really has lost that luster. I sort of felt embarrassed for the present performers when they tell people, 'I throw beads off a floating vessel at The Rio once an hour.'The "burlesque" show at the beginning remains the same with beautiful people doing their thing. Singing and dancing because they are using what their mama gave them. You can't beat the original Vegas experience... for free nonetheless.
3	If you plan on going to Vegas but on a low budget end and you feel like watching a show, but for free...come here! They run a show every half hour, but make sure to grab a good seat on the house because it's situated around the casino and plenty of by-passers seem to bump into you from left to right. Plus, the entertainers will happily throw mardi gras beads to the audience just to get them pumped up and hype up the show! I know it isn't one of those Cirque du Soleil that's supposedly a lot more spectacular, but hey....would you rather spend more than $100 to sit through a show that lasts for how long...an hour or so....OR would you spend 15-20 minutes to watching a Masquerade show in the sky then go straight back to the tables or start dancing your booty off on the dancefloor? Call me cheap, but I like budget friendly places.
5	Dancing ritas, Beeds, And cheesy music.I like to be very drunk when this comes on. ANd on the floor because i hate fighting with a team of tourists who practically stumpede you(because you know i was there first waiting like a half hour for the perfect spot) who want those stupid beads. like another reviewer said, they are cheap.so the floor where the dancers are and the stage, way cooler and plus you can get pictures with rita or a chippendale... i chose rita. i want a colorful hat like hers! :)
3	I guess I expected a little bit more... but they changed it a bit.  You no longer get into costume or throw beads as they had previously done.  The dancers and performers though were HOT!  Hopefully you'll be placed on a float some some hot performers.  I enjoyed being on the float, but it was a tad too short.  I thought that they go around twice as with a show I had seen, but it was pretty cool while we were on them.The performers made me want to leap up out of my seat and just perform with them.  Initially I thought the performers were people who paid to be on the float... I was like, damn, do we have to learn a small routine (as my excitement built up)... too bad :P...Watch the show though cause it's a pretty good free show... and do ride a float as it is an experience.
4	It was definitely one of the best free shows around. I remember one night the Thursday I believe I stayed here and saw the 10, 11, and 12 midnight show and honestly each one that was later seemed to get better. It is a nice very sexually charged show and it is cool that these little Mardi Gras beads get thrown around.  Imean it is funny seeing how silly some people are to run around all over and trample people for these though. I would recommend seeing this show to anyone that is the area of the Rio hotel for sure.
2	Um.. not sure if it was worth the rush over to the Rio for this show... compared to all the other free casino shows on the strip, this one is definitely outdated..
3	So we don't have any family here in town and Easter afternoon we had not planned anything for dinner so we decided to hit the buffet at the Rio. I have reviewed the buffet and will leave that out of this.Making the walk back to the parking garage I noticed the group of people gathering under the tracks waiting for the show, so I figured; Hey, why not? I lifted my daughter onto my shoulders and headed up to the top floor. It seemed to me that every person in the Rio had decided to watch the show, so of course I was getting a little excited.Once the show started on the stage I have to say that I was let down. It was a very Karoke-esque performance and for all the kids around it was a little risque. Before i go any further, please refrain from the what the hell do you think, your in a casino comments. This I am fully aware of and was just giving my opinion.One the wall went down and the floats begin to come around it was like 4th of July for my 2 year old. She was loving every minute of it, I happen to be a rather tall person with very long bead snatching arms so she left looking like the queen of the Mardi Gras. I am giving this show 3 stars for a few reasons, First of all Free is Free and Free is never a bad thing. second, My daughter was quite entertained and will be for quite sometime with all of the beads we took home. This is something I would say is worth checking out but it is definitely not something that you Will find me making a habit of.
4	One of the FREE shows at The Rio casino, that delivers a fun time (feels like Mardi Gras or Carnaval) by beautiful elaborate costumed women in these equally adorned custom carriages, (oh, the ornate costumes!) happy music, and colorful freebie beads that people seem to still want, after all these years- hey, I see people wearing them around town. (Some locals used to hang them around their rear view mirror. Years ago, there was a mascot personality, Rio Rita, who appeared in commercials and other promotional events- she wore a red frilly costume adorned with a fruity head dress.) The show has changed over the years, but still feels like a party atmosphere, though, which is exactly the point. Just to see the costumes, is enough for me, but that's me and I like that aspect of it.If you still want more for FREE, check out the Bever-tainers- they dance on these platforms above the slot machines for a song's duration;  it's not burlesque, but it is still sexy- people still stop to look at it.
4	Sure there are shows EVERYWHERE in Las Vegas, but for a free show, Show in the Sky is one of the best.  They don't hold back, Hot dancers, not One but TWO outstanding singers bring this show to a roaring crowd Thursdays to Sundays.  6 times a night, 3 completely different sets, glitz and the glamour, they got it all.  Sexy body shaking good time... Don't miss it!
4	I am surprised that this is a free show! The performance was good and the dancers really know how to dance. At the beginning they danced on the ground stage, then some ships sailing along rails along the ceiling would come out and they would be dancing in those ships. Then I understand why it's called a sky show. And the dancers threw out some necklaces like people do in Mardi Gras. It's an interesting show and you should go see it when you are in vegas!
5	What else was there to do when you know you can't gamble any more? Walk around and take in the sights.The Masquerade Show in the Sky is a show performed within the Rio Casino. Free entertainment! Filled with seductive song and dance numbers which begins on a stage that eventually carries on over to these floating boats circling about on rails in the ceiling, where the performers throwing beads like that of Mardi Gras or Carnival. You can sit at the slots on floor level, or stand on the second story hallways, where you'll be eye level with the carriages.It's not something suitable for young children, though there isn't any nudity and performances run in the evenings. Just keep in mind: shows are performed hourly from 6pm-11pm Thursday through Saturday. Be responsible, parents!You can purchase tickets to ride on the ships. Not that I did, but you could.
5	Very fascinating (and free!) show that Rio puts on every Thursday-Saturday from 6-11pm at the top of each hour. Supposedly, there are three different kinds/themes of performances all the dancers do. For those interested in riding the three floats with the dancers, they can do so for an extra $12.95. You can also watch the entire show from either the first floor balcony (be prepared to run into a lot of wandering gamblers!) or see it from the second level (which provides a good vantage point!). When the floats in the "sky" come around (hence the name of this show!), you can expect the dancers to toss out free beads of several different colors to random parts of the crowd that cheer!Immediately following each show, there were a couple bartenders next door at the Village Bar on the first level performing really incredible tricks and I was amazed how they were able to handle the bottles and drinks without making any mistakes.The whole show lasts about 30-35 minutes and make sure you get there early to get a good spot to watch!
5	I love the flair bartenders! Such a fun show! I have a blast every time I come here with friends and the locals drink deals can't be beat!
3	This isn;t the best show in Vegas.  It is however one of the top free shows in las Vegas.  With a stage in the middle of the seafood buffet wing, ships flying in the sky with sexy showgirls and chippendale dancers throwing beads into the crowds, the young ones will be amused as the adults clammor to catch some beads or the attention of a dancer.  The show ended with the flair bartenders doing their thing and we resumed our trek to dinner.
5	Free show at the Rio, every hour on the hour.  The show happens above the casino by Chippendales' box office.  The view is better if you're on the 2nd floor, and you're not looking up and twist your neck.  If you're lucky, you might catch some beads without having to show your tatas!!Fun, energetic, and it's free.  If you're at the Rio, make sure to check it out.  I wouldn't make a special trip for it though, it's short.
4	It's free!  The show is fun to watch while you are in the casino.  The show takes place above the casino floor with the dancers and guests dressed in costume.  They toss beads to the people down below.  So after eating at the Carnival world buffet, stop and watch the show.  I believe they have a show once an hour starting in the afternoon.
3	Last show happened on March 30, 2013.This show is now closed...http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2013/feb/14/rios-show-sky-close-march-after-16-years/The Rio website does not even list it anymore.It's possibly one of the longest free shows I've seen in Vegas. You would think it's a five minute singing and dancing but it turns out to be a full blown production with beads flying all over the place in true carnaval spirit.Farewell Masquerade Show in the Sky!
4	RIP. I loved this free show. Sad to see it go. Thrown beeds from lovely ladies. Music and dancing. It was great. You will be missed.
