3	I love pizza, in fact, Im a self-proclaimed pizza extraordinaire. I can sniff out a great pizza a hundred miles away.  Im particular of crusts, texture, toppings and amount of sauce on a pizza.  I will never let a pizza eating opportunity slip by, so when I got a 'buy one get one free' slice coupon in the mail, I dropped by after work to get my fill.  Now Ive eaten at Fuel 3 times before, so its not the first time.  The other times were pretty good, but today was kinda weird.  The service was great though: quick, friendly and very efficient.The pizza (one cheese slice and one spinach/ricotta) did not fare so well though.  It was hot but seemed a little too limp and thin.  The cheese layer seemed to crust, so when I bit into it, the entire layer just slipped off :(  I ate the rest of that slice with just a crust and sauce on it.  The other one (spinach/ricotta) had no spinach that I could see.  It had some sad, bland slices of tomato and a little slather of ricotta cheese.  The oregano flavor was a little overwhelming.......but I enjoyed this one much better than the other.  I give 3 stars because this was the first time I was unhappy with fuel, and also the girls behind the counter were very friendly and fast.  Hope my next trip will be better.  p.s:  Hey fuel, send me more coupons ;-D
3	You know, I kinda like Fuel.  This is the only location I have visited, but we have had good luck with the staff and have found the place to be clean and nice.  I guess you have to realize where you are.  It is a fast casual place, not a sit down pizzeria.  Likewise, you have to adjust your expectations. I have been twice now and both times I ordered a veggie calzone which they allowed me to customize with the veggies I want.  Just the right amount of ricotta - most places use too much - and tasty crust.  The pizza is so-so.  Kind of reminds me of the cut rate pizzas we would get in college.  Not bad, hot, filling - but nothing to write home about.
4	I had visited Charlotte a couple of months ago and read about Fuel in a tourist magazine. I ran out of time on that trip and didn't get to stop in then, but when I came back to the city last weekend, I figured it was finally time to see what all the fuss was about. The setting is nice and has a theme to go along with the name. It will remind you of an old time gas station, (though not a dirty one). There's plenty of seating inside and even a patio out front. I went with a slice of cheese pizza and a garden salad. The pizza was great! I As for the garden salad, it was good, too, but I thought they could have gone easy on the cheese. All in all, great place to stop into to fuel up at.
3	The pizza is good and as expected, the selection that is already prepared and ready for warming during the off hours is limited. But it's off hours - is it really appropriate for a $3.50 slice or plain cheese?Wifi was not working when I stopped in. TVs were tuned to sports.
5	My husband works in this area & I visit him once a week for lunch & he suggested we try Fuel Pizza this week.  We each ordered one slice of pizza & two beverages.  The cashier suggested we just order the two pizza combo then & pay for an extra drink.  It was so refreshing that she went out of her way to help save us money. The pizza was pretty good as well. :)  This will now be our weekly location!  Thank you Fuel Pizza for looking out for your customers!
4	Great pizza by the slice.  The knots are tasty and fresh.  I haven't tried any of the specialty type pizzas, but the pepperoni keeps me happy :)
4	I want to commend the manager for adressing a little problem we had last night with an order we called in.He handled the problem professionally and resolved the issue .Very good PR!!!
4	Fuel is just a solid spot for good 'za.  It's more pricey than Domino's and Papa John's and the like, but you can taste the difference. The ingredients are better, there are more options, and it's a better overall experience.You can dine in, carry out, or even get delivery.  The website allows for placing a delivery or pickup order online which is super convenient and easy.  Fuel is a Charlotte original and it has succeeded and grown for a reason!  It's good!
1	We went there the other day and the service was terrible. We waited in line for 15 minutes and didn't even make it to the front of the line. And, there were people who had been waiting for over 40 minutes to get their pizza. We finally said forget it.TERRIBLE SERVICE!
5	The atmosphere is great (I'm a fan of vintage decor like they have).  My wife and I have lived in the area for about 8 months and drive past Fuel almost every day, so we finally decided to give it a shot.  We ordered the Chicken Taco pizza and an order of Garlic Knots and we were very pleased with the quality and taste.  The toppings were really fresh and tasty, which is a nice change of pace from the standard pepperoni and cheese grease pit that is common (not that it's a bad thing).  The manager gave us free drinks while we waited for our pizza (we did carryout).  He also had nice things to say about the other pizza places in the area.  We will definitely be coming back to this location for sure.
1	We walked in and everyone who worked there just kind of stared at us like we were bothering them. We ordered our food and sat outside. I got my salad first, which obviously didn't take long since their salads are already pre-made and refrigerated with the meat already inside. GROSS. My husbands sandwich on the other hand was obviously forgotten about and once it came out we realized it was made wrong but at that point we weren't really surprised. We went to throw our food away and the garbage can was over flowing with trash. This was my first and last time here. There are many other places in Rivergate that are WAY better.
1	Refuse to eat at this location due to an experience this winter. Called ahead during snowstorm and asked what time they were open/serving. Got there 30 minutes before I was told they quit serving. Manager said they were too busy and refused to take our order even after I told him I called in. If that's the way the general manager thinks business should be handled, I'll let my wallet put $$ in a different pizza places register.
1	I like Fuel's pizza, however they have lost our business.  We wanted to get one of their meal deals (pizza and garlic knots), and asked for two slices of pizza with everything on it.  They said we could not get that as they were not making specialty pizzas today, so we could only choose from the five they had out.  Why they can't have customer service and give people the type of pizza on their menu is beyond me.  They could have easily taken the cheese pizza and added toppings to that.We left and forever said goodbye to Fuel.  Customer service goes a long way, and when you don't have it, we will go somewhere else.
1	i normally have a great experience here. We have been ordering here several years. I called in today to place a pickup order, was told there would be a 30-40 min wait which was fine. But then Danny placed me on hold and didnt pick back up. So i called right back only to be told i could go somewhere else if i like. Thought that was very rude so i asked for a manager. She then stated she was the manager and they had new workers and was very backed up. Stating she should have told me this the first time. Never met this person but everyone else is normally very pleasant. And i really wanted this pizza tonight
1	How do you mess up an online order - its printed out for you.  We ordered a pizza and wings online - forty minutes later they call to tell us the sauces we wanted wouldn't be possible as you only get one sauce.  I explained we thought they would be on the side as the website charged us for each (four in all).  After speaking to them we agreed to just toss the wings in one of the sauces and substitute extra celery/blue cheese for the sauces.  Another 50 minutes go by and I called to see what the delay was.  Apparently the driver was on their way.  A total of an hour and forty minutes later the order arrives.  Wings had NO sauce on them or on the side.  Pizza was warm but dried up - too bad because their sauce seemed like it could have had potential.  I didn't bother calling back as I couldn't wait another hour and forty minutes for a repaired order.   Pitiful.
2	Ordered online. One gluten free the only reason I eat here, and two large. Only made one and I had to wait like I didn't want to do.
5	Pizza was good. Service was great. My five year old had a blast looking at all the vintage stuff.
4	One of the best pizza joints in or around CLT. Fast, friendly service. Good selection of pizza including by-the-slice. Great crust.
