2	I went to the supposed Grand Opening of Joystixx Gamer's Lounge inside of Hooters last night after April S. and Melissa S. promoted it at the Vegas Young Professionals mixer Thursday night. As you drive in, you get the feeling that you are entering the ghetto as you try to maneuver around the parking garage. Once you enter the casino, it gets even worse, so much so that you are EXTREMELY lucky to get a cell signal in the place.  You find Joystixx in a corner near the buffet and they have an air hockey table and some pool tables near the front and at least 3 rows of video games as well as some basketball hoops and skee ball. I've been to Insert Coins on Fremont and that place is heaven compared to what Joystixx is trying to accomplish. My friends and I left after about an hour since there was no one in there. We don't think the place will last very long especially if they don't advertise or try to advertise as something they are obviously not. There is HONESTLY no comparison to Dave & Busters at all.  It's pretty bad when the employees outnumber the clientele.
2	Hooters decided to shut down Dixie's Dam Bar and replace it with this gamers lounge concept. I went in on opening weekend with 4 friends and we were the only people in there. The security is at the front door to check IDs (21+) and to avoid allowing people bringing in outside beers. The bud lights at the casino bars are $1.50 and inside they sell them for $4. They really need to charge $1.50 if they want any chance at keeping people inside and they also need to have a wider array of games inside. The bartender was saying that they want to get actual video game counsels inside (i.e. xbox, ps3) but who knows if that will happen. We stayed about an hour inside mostly because we were gambling amongst each other with some of the games. They do have a jukebox inside but if you don't pay for it there's no music going on and it really kills the little atmosphere that they have.
1	Don't even bother. Cause I won't with this review.
