4	I just had lunch with some of my co-workers at Indian Paradise 2.  They have a full menu you can order from, or they have a buffet.  The restaurant serves both North and South Indian food.  The restaurant was very clean.  We all had the buffet for $9.99.  Let me say that EVERYTHING I tasted was delicious.  The service was great, empty plates cleared right away, water glasses always full. My favorites today were the Paneer Masala and the Dosa.  The General manager, Jesse Garg, stopped by our table a couple of times to make sure everything was to our liking.  It was indeed.  I will definitely go back!
4	I stopped by with a friend for dinner this evening not knowing what to expect because my last couple indian restaurant experiences were not positive. As you approach the building confidence is inspired with a tidy entrance and colorful landscaping. The menu offered many options and while we were waiting the glasses were always full. When the food arrived it all came together brilliantly. Both dishes were excellent and I will absolutely be back.Oh, one more note. We didn't have a single waiter, we had a team throughout our visit with everyone working in sync to get us what ever was needed! The manager stopped by a couple times and it was clear that he took pride in his restaurant.
5	Indian Paradise is my favorite buffet in Phoenix. I was thrilled to find Indian Paradise 2 just opened down the street from my office.  Located right at the NE corner of I-17 and bell, just next to the Shell Station. I don't remember what the restaurant was before, it's a nice newer building with rustic decor facing south on Bell. Only open a month, I found the food on the lunch buffet as delicious as I remembered from Indian Paradise. I had the Palek Paneer, Chicken Curry, and Chicken Tika Masala.  All great. We ordered some Dosai and everyone loved it.I'm not an authority on Indian food, but I love it. This is much better than any Indian Buffet on the Avenues.I'm excited to have such a great place for lunch closer to where I live and work.The service was great and very attentive. I'll be back many times.
5	Best Indian buffet!  Large selection, great for parties, yummy garlic naan, and Coke products!
5	If you own an Indian restaurant you food has to be terrible or your service has to be awful to get a bad review from me.  This place I found while driving to a customers house and needed to eat lunch after my appointment.  They seated me right away and, as usual, I went right for the buffet and served myself a big plate.  I love seeing how each place I visit makes their version of my favorite dishes which is almost everything on the buffet.  This place, however, is the first place I've been to where they have a type of bread I've never had.  It's like a crepe with spicy potato in it.  It was so yummy.  Try it all and don't miss out on all the staples; sag paneer, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, dal mak, chana masala.  Enjoy!
5	This place has the best chicken tikka masala around!  We have tried a ton of other places but hands down, it's the best!
4	Don't be turned off if the parking lot is empty. We trusted the Yelp reviews and we're glad we did! They have a nice buffet of non-spicy items.
1	First, I'm going to call out several of these fake reviews and welcome any newbie yelpers to be my 'friend', but i know it won't happen.Secondly, within a two mile radius two indian food restaurants closed within a year, one just a month ago, and three new indian restaurants have opened. You have to either question the intelligence or admire the huevos of any business owner opening a restaurant amidst so much competition. Unfortunately, in this case, it won't turn out to be such a bold, impressive move. I can't see these restaurants all surviving in the area at the same time, and the best will find it's way to the top. It won't be Indian Paradise 2. After a couple of tries, this place is just not that good. They offer a somewhat larger appearing selection than some of the other indian buffets. The first visit, when they had a busy rush due to their grand opening, this larger selection seemed like a good thing. However, on the second visit, when it was slower,  the food was sitting out aging for too long compared to their customer count, so it did not stay fresh. The dishes are decidedly unimpressive, and ethnically confusing.  Imagine a dish that is basically a chinese lo mein noodle, with a flavor profile similar to mexican spanish rice, and there's also a chinese chicken dish with indian spices.  There was a decent curry, but the masala tasted like salsa. (Perhaps the written recipe had a typo, who knows?)  The "mango" chutney and custard have mango-flavored pears and other mixed canned fruit bits.  The bread that came as I finished my lunch was hot and fresh, and very full of fresh garlic bits, but also had some weird anise seed baked into the dough, imparting an odd licoricey flavor that I didn't enjoy.Sitting down to a Stella Artois water glass was just stupid, and the multiple pieces of FLY PAPER strips hanging from the ceiling, one over a food prep/bar area, the other over a customer dining table, just really ensured that I won't be back, not even to fall for another $2 off coupon.I am not sure which dish it was that my body chemistry altered as it attempted to digest, and it made me all burpy the entire afternoon - and the burps tasted like the non-marshmallow, oatey, catfood bits of Lucky Charms.
3	Came for dinner with a friend with the $2 off coupon. The service was attentive, friendly, and overall excellent. The english conversation is less than stellar but the fact they took off $2 from both of our meals more than makes up for it. Still a little pricey for two gals with small appetites but not bad. Pani poori, naan, mango lassi, hot chai tea, tikka masala, paneer makani, lamb curry, and many other options available. I would avoid the gross spaghetti noodle option and awkward as it sounds mango flavored other fruit custard.  Overall a good experience. My favorite part is that the separators still have bears from when it was a black bear diner!
4	We really enjoyed lunch today.  Very good service and many choices. Coming early in the day - when the buffet is at its freshest  is usually our m.o. ... especially ones with so many choices and slower turnover. That said, we came late afternoon, and were not disappointed. The stew-ish type dishes were flavorful, all the spices bold. I would like to try their fresh dishes from the menu some day - like the Tandoori chicken. I agree about the noodle dish. I got a little bit on my plate, but it just didn't feel right. Everything else was pretty authentic, based on my experiences. Our first time with the Chaat bar... I really don't get it.  But, we will definitely be back for the lentils, masalas, curry, rices, paneers. It was worth the $30 for a Sunday Brunch for two with coupon. tax and tip. And a free glass of champagne!
4	I ate too much when i came here.  I AM NOT an indian food expert by any means. Just talking about this as food. I liked it. I went for the buffet (go early for buffets to get the food when it comes out fresh). The meat was nice and tender. Good food to just eat. No complaints except the fact i ate too much and wanted to die afterwards, but thats my own fault.I would come back to this place. You should go and make an assessment for yourself..one thing i have to say though, is that it is a horrible location.
4	Good selection for the lunch buffet. Came by for lunch because I've enjoyed the spread at the Scottsdale location. I wasn't disappointed. Separately, though, admittedly, the place was relatively empty when I visited (meaning the wait staff resources weren't overtasked), I wanted to mention that the service I experienced wasn't bad (some other reviewers have said otherwise).
5	Now we've got 3 Indian restaurants within a mile,all very good. I suppose the demand is there especially from non Indians who are discovering the vast and flavorful menus offered by these eateries. We checked out Indian Paradise 2, NE corner practically of I-17 & Bell next to an old shell station. All I can say is these guys have got it right. North and South Indian, Veg & non veg, chaat masala ,wholesome fresh food in a clean relatively new setting that used to be the Black Bear Diner. The ambiance is decent,and the service is great, with good presentation in a clean open well lit space. The buffet is the usual route, on a first visit and as of now the best value in town at $7.95 Mon. thru Thur. and $10.95 on the weekends for wonderful grub that'll please any palate. That's not the only unique feature because they also offer a dinner buffet at similar prices. Yes by all means, skip a meal before and the one after, because this'll fill the day and you won't regret any of it. They also have a group dining area you can reserve for company or family events. Great addition to the Valley  dining scene. I think I saw a mini bar over to the right, so go do it and give us your take.
3	The lunch buffet was decent, with standard Indian dishes found in the other Indian buffet restaurants. I enjoyed the tandoori chicken, tikka masala, lentil and curry dishes, all of which went well with their fragrant basmati rice. I found the other dishes to be just OK, including the limited dessert options. Service was friendly, and the place is clean and spacious - not suprising for a building that used to be a Black Bear Diner.
4	Great Indian buffet.  Great vegetarian dishes as well those with protein.  Great price.  Great service on the drink refills.  My new favorite all you can eat Indian.The bad:  Your feet will stick to the floor all the way our of the bathroom.  Come on folks, ever heard of a mop?  (would have given it 5 stars)
3	Maybe what I picked wasn't exactly the best they had to offer.  I did try the tomato soup and it was really good, with just the right kick.  The rest of the things I tried weren't that great.  It wasn't exactly bad, but it was just a little bland for my taste.  I just felt like having vegetarian that day, so perhaps their meat dishes were better.  I might give them another try again.
4	Chai included, and, something that is like mango lassi... I loved it.We have been here a few times, for dinner, and I find this place kind of... weird... the setting of the buffet is kind of odd, and they have a table with various items.However, it has been a nice experience. Services is very friendly, the food is good, they had stuff I had not seen before, and that is something that I like.For example the mango drink,  I have never seen that in a buffet before.It is kind of out of the way but we will be back.
4	We went there for lunch with a big group and the food and the service were good.To my disappointment they don't seem to have the mango lassi for lunch buffet. Neither they had the table with various items. Just the sign where the table usually is... something 'chaat' I think.Tandoori chicken was way too red, and kind of too tender... like it was steamed or something, I like my tandoori chicken a little drier, even a tiny bit burnt.I asked my vegetarian friend what he thought about the choices, and he said it was OK, but the paneer had a weird consistency.Anyway, still 4 stars because they have a good variety (some of them spicy), they have free chai, and they had gulab jamun... which I love because I sweeten my chai with the syrup from the gulab jamun : PAlso, the staff was very friendly, a lady with blond hair and a young man took good care of us.I had a little bit of kheer (rice pudding) and it was very very tasty.Overall, a good experience.
1	We had a terrible experience at this lunch buffet. The table was not very clean with food in the crevices. The owner assured us that there was plenty of safe food for my son that is allergic to egg and dairy. The tomato soup tasted canned. The vegetarian korma had frozen vegetables. The lentils had kidney beans mixed in which I have never seen at an Indian restaurant before. It all ended with my son puking on the floor. So much for a dairy free meal. Not sure how this place got a four.
4	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =This nice Indian Buffet has closed but a new one, Mayuri Palace is up & running in the building.  (I plan to try it today & will post a Review.)     :-)
