5	We enjoyed an outstanding Thanksgiving buffet with a wide array of menu items. All the basic turkey fare,but also peel and eat shrimp,salmon,prime rib,etc.  Because the weather was pleasant we were able to take advantage of the outdoor courtyard to enhance our experience. The price was more reasonable than other buffets and I highly recommend it.  The Mission Palms is right off Mill ave. as well.
4	I've been here for breakfast and gladly it was paid! They have a buffet but because I was with some ASU guests I had to stick to the menu. It is not a big menu, but still has a little bit of something sweet, salty, healthy, high carb, veggie.I had the Greek omelet and it was more than enough! the potatoes were a bit salty, but the rest was just a good combination. Employees are really courteous and helpful!
5	This place is the best American buffet in the phoenix area.  The quality of food you get here is comparable to good wedding food, fathers/mothers day buffet, or other banquet type events.  All this for only $15 which includes a drink and a wide selection of desserts.  I go here once a month and the staff is always friendly and very  professional*insider tip: mention you are a culinary club member and they will give you an additional 20% off.
5	Great place! Service is awesome. Try the tacos- perfect! Table side guacamole is the best. Plate sizes are great for sharing. Nice place for date night or meeting with a group of friends. We are here on vacation. Can not wait to return!
4	Went with 3 co-workers to the Wednesday lunch buffet, which always features Prime Rib.The star of the show is the Prime Rib.  It was DELISH and was the main thing that makes this worth the $15 buffet charge.There was a sandwich station with various cold cuts to build your sammiches, a salad bar, and a "hot food" bar with 4 different "meat/veggie" combinations.  All those were just so-so, nothing to wow anyone.But the Prime Rib Carving Station was TOP notch.  Worth every penny of the cost.The desserts were fairly mundane (brownies, pecan pie, 4 kinds of cookies) with the exception being a Strawberry Cheesecake Parfait which was delumptious.  We will likely be going back on future Wednesdays.
5	A great restaurant staff! They go above and beyond for their customer.Try the buffet you will not be disappointed.Bacon is cooked to perfection. Fruit is fresh and the seating is perfect for large groups.
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =This Buffet lives in the nice Tempe Mission Palms Hotel & is open for lunch Monday through Friday,  featuring a different food theme each day. Today Thursday was Mexican day, & I was joined for by Mike C. to give it a try.The appetizers were two soups.  The Tortilla Soup was good, the Pablano Chowder amazing!  Moving on  to the rest of approximately 50 main food choices there were two prepared salads out, plus two kinds of greens & the usual other goodies to make you own salad.  The main dish items included beef Fajitas, beef roast, Chayote Squash with lots of other goodies in there with it, Spanish Rice, Charro Marinated Cod (with lots of other goodies in there with it, in a tasty sauce), fancy grilled chicken, pork loin, & so on.  There were also tempting sandwiches with various kinds of thinly sliced meat, lots of fresh fruit choices, & a number of sweet desserts.Delicious food here with friendly service in a lovely dining room, but somewhat smallish selection & the price of $15.95 bring down the rating some.     :-)
3	Had the lunch buffet here and all the food was pretty good. The seating area was modern and comfy but no booths. The dessert selection was Ok and worth an extra star.I do prefer a lot of the other buffets that are in this price range and will not return. why pay more than wandering horse buffet fot half as good?.
1	We actually walked out of this restaurant. Now, it may have been that we went while they were transitioning from breakfast to lunch; however, a hotel restaurant needs to be better prepared for such transitions. The food MAY have been great but I never had a chance to taste it. The MAIN reason was a RUDE hostess, acting as though our concerns did not matter to her. Even if I had tasted the food and it was the greatest I have ever tasted, RUDE employees will NEVER get my return business.
1	You know what parents just Looooove?  They just love it when the hostess counts the party of six and says "four?.....and two kids."  That's right because since kids don't have credit cards they aren't technically a full human in the eyes of a restaurant. Then we sit down and we're given FOUR menus.  Not only is my daughter old enough to read, she's old enough to know when she's been rudely blown off.Then there came FOUR glasses of water.  She asked, "Daddy, how come they didn't give me a water?"  I gave her my glass and told her she should assume that they rudely forgot to bring MY water.  After about 45 minutes of waiting in frustration and embarrassment with no food, we all got up, paid for our coffee and left.  "Oh but your food is ready now." Sorry, I was insulted when we walked in the door and after 45 minutes of stewing in insult am too fed up to complete the purchase.  If you can't scramble eggs in 45 minutes, I'll find someone else who can.
4	This is located within the Tempe Mission Palms hotel. This is where lunch was served while I was in my training. Many options. Salad bar was great! Lots of veggies! A lot of the warm food was greasy or creamy. There was always 1 option that was pretty healthy. The staff is great and friendly. Very on the ball when it came to serving us. Dessert was also awesome!!!
1	I come to this place once a year for business, this year it hit an all time low for quality, our meals were so bad that we couldn't eat them! We tried not once but twice to have a meal here and both times things had to be sent back. Even though we talked to the so called manager nothing much was done for the really bad meals. We did receive credit for one meal but that was only one and after we had finished our 2 meals and the lady with us had to eat alone. Sorry but there are a lot of good places to eat well within walking distance. NEVER AGAIN!
2	Stayed here for 3 nights.  Hotel employees were great.  Called room service my last night for 30 minutes and no answer.  Unfortunatly I called the front desk after room service closed and was told they could not me.  Will not stay here again for that reason alone  .
2	I had breakfast buffet here. This is a hotel breakfast type of place. Pretty limited selection. Their hot items were: bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, pancakes, and cheese blintz. They also had omelette and waffle station. 4 kinds of cereals, oatmeal with topping station, fruits and juices.  POSITIVE: no long wait, buffet so no long wait for your food. Negative: very limited selection.
