4	This is a very nice quaint little Starbucks with some nice outdoor seating near the Surprise Stadium. We met up with a friend from SoCal who was in town the same times as us and came here after the game to just chill. The staff was very nice. We placed our orders. It was a pretty quiet Friday night approaching closing time. We were very happy to find that even in this part of town, closing time for the Starbucks was 11pm. We though for sure that, since everyone in this area had already been in bed for 3 hours,  they would tend to close earlier. Thank goodness no. I ordered a tea and was very happy to find that they had honey to put in it.  SG ordered a decaf frap. They were just as good as any other starbucks and perfect for what we had in mind. Oh, and the bathroom was very clean. A key point when you are drinking lots of tea or coffee....
4	Yes, it's a Starbucks... what's there to Yelp about, you may wonder? The staff. They're friendly and welcoming; they're prompt; and they're accurate. I frequent many locations, and have come to really appreciate these qualities. Great job, kudos to the team at this one!
2	Seriously slow tall old man doesn't know how to make drinks.
5	I love the staff at this store. They are the reason I keep coming back.  This store is usually very busy - however the employees take the time to talk to you, get to know what's going on and really build a relationship with their customers.  Any Starbucks can make you a drink - this Starbucks is more about the experience.
2	This particular Starbucks has some very friendly barista's however you're positive experience at getting a tasty cup of you're favorite caffeinated beverage and doing some light reading or surfing Yelp stops there unfortunately.  They are very inconsistent at making their drinks.  They seem to have different people working each time I visit.  Their is nothing worse than spending TOO MUCH money for a cup of coffee already, let alone have it made wrong with either too much ice, not enough coffee or too much water...  Argue...Another note, they need to focus more on cleaning their table/chair area for their customers. It was so dirty I could not stay and enjoy my watered down, over iced, not tasty beverage...
3	Starbucks coffee: you know what to expect.Surprise: Always something interesting going on.Combine the two: one jam packed starbucks that is way too crowded.  I do not think it would be possible to find a seat that was not occupied by a geek-squader using a laptop.
4	This Starbucks is close to my work, so I'm in here on a regular basis. Though it can be busy at certain times in the morning, the staff is always friendly and they work hard to get everyone's orders out as quickly as possible. I appreciate their customer service and will continue to go here when I need my morning caffeine fix!
1	This location is the worst around. The baristas were rude and pushy with their products. When I refused to buy their nasty tea or over priced coffee the cashier became overly sarcastic and short with us.While waiting for our drinks, the baristas loudly bad mouthed a coworker and one even went as far as to talk about cutting the hated girl's hours so they didn't have to work with her as much. Not professional, not impressive, just plain rude and off-putting.The inside dining area is small, crowded, and disgusting. The girls could spend less time talking trash about their fellow coworkers and more time doing what they're being paid to do. The outside dining area is mismatched (not in an attractive way) and is reminiscent of walking through crap at a yard sale. I won't be returning here and I won't be recommending this location to anyone.
2	I hit up Starbucks all over and my iced green tea is not what I've come to expect, it is very weak. Have been to this location before and had whip added to my no whip soy latte. I hate giving a poor review, but my experiences here have not been the greatest.
3	Stiff competion from the other 2 starbucks near by.  Employees are nice, but I often forget about this location since it is hidden from the street view and this intersection in surprise is such hell, I rush past everything in this corner. I hate trying to get out of this parking lot, be it onto bell or onto grand.There's one right across the way inside of B&N... i usually go there.
1	funny how one bad experience leads the way for all the others to fall into place.the staffing here is terrible.  two people on register, one making drinks...and the ones at the register are clueless.  i gave the girl 5 dollars to add on to my starbucks card and we purchased two drinks.  she essentially pocketed 5 dollars because of her incompetence.  I had 6 something pre existing on my gold card and my total came out to 9 dollars.  somehow she ended up charging me twice and because the website does not reflect pre existing balance after your transaction is complete, I can't go back and try and get my money back.  and when I mentioned something, she said, no.  you owe more.NEVER AGAIN!! TRAIN YOUR CASHIERS!
3	Service could be better, but everything is usually quite acceptable.
2	Ehh its ok!! The location at bell & reems is 10x better!! Better service there & better drinks. This one is okey..
1	We have been to this location before and decided to give them another chance.  Wrong.  Same as before, it took forever for the girl at the cash register to ring us up, she forgot both of the food items we ordered.  Finally we sit down to wait for our coffee, I get mine pretty quickly, however it took way to long to make my boyfriends drink, which was less complicated then mine.  5 other customers received their drinks before he did.  I didn't really understand what the problem was, our drinks should have been ready at the same time.  1 lousy cashier, 1 person making drinks and 1 loud mouth female talking and laughing so loudly, we left because of the conversation she was trying to carry on with one of her co workers.   The first time we went to this location, we stood at the counter for quite awhile without being acknowledged.  We definitely will find another location next time.
3	Starbucks...what can one expect...the coffee is decent. What makes each one different than another is the employees. This one has okay morning staff but much better evening staff. Not a very spacious place to hang out, so if it's busy, there will most likely be little room to sit and it will be cramped if there is seating.
4	I can't, for the life of me, remember the Barista who assisted me, but she was HILARIOUS and fun!  I would come back just for her customer service.  She was a little short blondie.  The customer service was great.  It is located near a frozen yogurt place as well. Win!  Win!
4	If you make chai tea lattes, they will come! At the very least, I'd show up for sure, lol!This location is small, has some indoor seating and outdoor seating. Service is friendly, but they always seem to be training new batistas when I visit of late & the wait time to get my drink (not order) seems to be higher than in most other locations. The drinks are as great, as always :)
2	I've never been a huge fan of this particular Starbucks location, the coffee is almost always lackluster and the shop just seems messy. On my last visit, which was about 2 weeks ago, a young man maybe around 19 was working as the barista and couldn't seemed to be bothered because he was busy flirting with some young girls that we're hanging out there. I just had a tall cup of coffee which was burnt... Needless to say I won't be going back and instead I'll be going to the Barnes and Noble cafe across the street!
5	I'm a Huge fan of this Starbucks!!! It has awesome outdoor seating and if someone is smoking (which they are not supposed to) You can ask the manager and they will have the smoker stop immediately. My family loves coming here and it's great for business meetings too!
3	Seating inside is very limited, there was more outside however hopefully you like the sound and view of traffic from Grand. Staff is friendly however they didn't seem like they know what they were doing. Plus they messed my order up, ordered a tall chai tea and got charged for the grande, I tried to explain but he didn't seem to know the difference. Not the Starbucks you want to come to if your trying to read a book or study a bit, it's more of a social Starbucks.
1	Slowest and most disorganized Starbucks ever! 25 minutes for 2 regular coffees and a pre-made spinach wrap.
2	Have been coming to this location for about 3 years now and I have to say that the level of service has declined. While I realize that payroll is always top of mind for any business I can't begin to understand why you lack sufficient staffing during your peak business hours. Very disappointed...
1	This is the worst Starbucks I have ever been to. The last two times I have been here there has been 2 employees and about 5 people in line and 10 waiting for drinks. It's really sad to have such a bad experience multiple times.
