5	You will not find a more loyal, hardworking trustworthy individual in this business. Lisa is caring and very detail oriented! Never misses a beat! I would recommend her pet-sitting company to anyone... she definitely has a great thing going and her vastly growing clientele speaks for it!
5	I can't recommend Lisa enough.   I was pleased that  Lisa came over to meet with us before she did her first "sitting" session with our pooch.   I could tell right away we selected the right person because she asked many more preliminary questions than other services I have used in the past, so that made me feel very confident.    Our dog was immediately comfortable with her, that was the second bonus!When we returned home it was great to find a note about how our pooch had done on his visits, which we really appreciated.Her prices are fair, she's very responsive to calls and emails.  It's important to have someone that you can trust with your pet and access to your home and Lisa definitely fits the bill.    She has a lot of information on her website as well, you should check it out!Two paws up!
5	I agree completely with all the previous 5-star reviews. We moved here recently and just had no idea whom to pick to watch our dog and cat. Reasonably priced, excellent service, and just overall fantastic.   As stated before, Lisa is VERY responsive and responded to texts and emails much quicker than I was expecting. Her initial consultation is very thorough and I immediately was put at ease after I met her and her mom. Both are very pleasant and easy to work with. They were very patient with me and my texts/alterations of what to do on a visit.  They put us at ease from day 1, and it was very nice not to worry one single bit about our pets during the trip.Also another awesome 'feature' about them is that you actually are talking to the people who visit your house, not like other sitters who I initially called and say "we'll send someone" out. I didn't like the fact with the other sitters that I wouldn't  get a face to face visit with whoever is coming into my home.  Lisa and her mom visited our house and we were able to explain where everything is, etc and it was nice to know that they were the only people who could enter the house.They even threw pasta out in the yard to feed our 'pet' wild bird, "Ben" for us !I would strongly recommend them to sit your pets - they're the best!
5	Lisa is always very professional and accommodating. My dog loves her and everything is always perfect when I get back. I had used someone else I found on Yelp before Lisa and would get back from a trip and my dog would need to be taken out immediately and would poop three times before coming back inside. Not the case with Pick of the Litter! I can tell my dog has been well walked and loved on while I was gone. It's nice being able to leave knowing my fur baby is ok. Lol!
5	We have two very spoiled Boston Terrors and an ancient cat. Our babies are used to a set schedule, needed regular medication and lots of patience. Ophelia is not easy to win over and she doesn't take any candy (or medicine) from strangers. Lisa set us at ease right away. She was professional and prepared. She was very thorough and obviously knowledgable about pet care. It was important to us to hire a professional. (We did interview four other pet sitters.) We signed up for twice a day visits. She kept us updated all week and put up with our endless texts and emails.And she won Ophelia's trust.After eight days, we returned from vacation, to find happy and stress free babies.  Corky, Ophelia and Esme, strongly recommend her as a pet sitter. Mark and I are relieved to know we have someone we can count on
5	SO happy with Lisa's services. We found her through yelp and decided to give her a try. We went on a cruise and had no cell service and Lisa was so great at sending us emails and pictures that we could check periodically during our trip. It was so nice knowing he was being taken care of and loved. When we got home he was happier than ever and not stressed out at all. I highly recommend her to anybody and will for sure be using her again on our next trip.
