3	Mardi Gras provides all the comfort and smoke of a good dive bar, but manages to charge sports bar prices. They have done some great renovations in here to take it from full-on trash dive to sporty dive. Any way you spin it, it's still a dive and might be moving along a little too swiftly with the price hikes. I saw some great live music here and the new sound system pumps out the tunes smoothly and effortlessly. For a good live band, go check it out. If you're looking for a great dive with great dive prices, keep lookin.
2	Mardi Gras made the switch from comedy club to full-fledged live music venue last year and has attracted a new crowd with its revamped atmosphere. The dive rock 'n' roll bar, which features a jukebox and attached restaurant (the Voodoo Lounge) is a great place to see live music. The sound system is awesome. The club is lacking a big following however since they tend to book anyone with a guitar. Some of the bigger shows included national alt-country act Shurman, Scotty Johnson of the Gin Blossoms and Steve Larson of Roger Clyne & The Peacemakers. Sadly there's more bands you probably haven't heard of that play here than well-established acts (like the above mentioned) with a following. Hopefully Mardi Gras will get a clue soon and start booking some better talent.
3	Divey bar that supports local music. It's very much like Jugheads, but not quite as filthy. All this place really needs is for a specific 'scene' to take it over. It would be perfect for a local rock or punk scene to thrive and grow. It's a great location, but you wouldn't know it from the lack of visitors.
4	One night, after a particularly difficult shift at the Southwest Naturopathic Medical Center, a fellow student and I decided to let loose and head over to the bar next door, Mardi Gras.  We were just looking for a drink to wind down and possibly an appetizer.  We walked in, not knowing what to expect.  The bar is rather open and not at all crowded.  Actually, I think there were half a dozen people in there, not including the bartender Breeana.  And someone was painting the ceiling (that was a little odd at 10 PM).  After a minute to peruse the specials listed on signs all over the place, we decided on our beverages and an order of chicken wings.Let me preface the rest of this review with the fact that I was born and raised in Buffalo, New York, home of the original chicken wings.The wings are fantastic.  They're fried to a perfect crispiness, not overcooked and dry, nor undercooked and gummy, and definitely not breaded.  The sauce is not the original Buffalo sauce of Frank's and butter, but it is really good.  It is a perfect combo of vinegar-y-ness and spiciness.  I guess they have other flavors, but that would be heresy for me to even try.My only complaint is that they have ranch and not bleu cheese.  Not that I often use the bleu cheese, but it's comforting to know that it's there if I want it.  And there is only carrot sticks, not carrots and celery like I'm used to.The guy who makes the wings is super friendly and comes out to check if they were cooked right (note to self: learn this guy's name).And the bartender Breeana (I have no idea how to spell her name) is friendly and used to work at Houston's.  This week she was making a mojito for another customer and let us try a straw-full.  It was very yummy from the bit I tasted, but I think I'm going to try it next week.  The Mardi Gras quickly became our Wednesday night ritual, and I'm going to miss the trend at the end of this quarter.  But I'm still at the clinic on other nights, so I'll just have to make it over there on a new night.
3	Not a big fan... the bar is fairly large with several rooms, though all are pretty dumpy (not so much in the old school "good-dive" kinda way). The crowd is somewhat interesting. Drinks are pretty strong, but smallish. Prices are fair. No smoking patio here - go outside the front door and wave at cars on McDowell while you puff.I have yet to dine here.I did see a band play here recently, and that was pretty decent. Without a band - no thanks...
4	I've been coming here for 5 years.  There have been a few different owners.  Tonight was only the second night I've ever peed here.  Why?The ladies' room floor was always sopping wet and the toilets didn't work.  Or, the lid was off the back.  Gross!The sound used to SUCK.New ownership for almost a year now.  I gotta say, Mardi Gras has really improved!There's the Voodoo Lounge in front.  Used to be a comedy room I ran.  Really nicely painted and furnished.  It's the "class" part of the Mardi Gras.Then, the main room, where live music is played.  I've been several times in the past few weeks to see some of the bands play.  I cannot BELIEVE the improvement in the sound system!  The crowd isn't as "haggard" as it used to be, though I did meet some cool peeps back in the day.  I like peeing here now.
5	Part local bar part nightclub. It offers diversity and a place for all walks of life.Whether you show up in the morning or in the evening, you will find something that you will like about it, namely, the people.If you're looking for a place to just kick back, whether by yourself or with friends, Mardi Gras offers a place to 'just be'.The owner, Liz and her husband, are very warm people and make sure that their customers are well taken care of. This is a comodity that other businesses should try to establish.
1	Several bands have had problems when they've played at this place in the past, but thinking that the ownership had changed, I was willing to give it another chance and go...The band line-up and their respective fans in the crowd did not quite mix well so it made for an uncomfortable night. Heavy metal/screaming angst followed by 60s instrumental surf??I concur with the other reviewers which stated that they need to figure out what exactly they want to be. I am sure not every show is as awkward as that night was, but there's only so many 2nd chances I am willing to pay a cover charge for.
4	This place is what it is (an expression I loathe, yet it's so fitting in this case). Other Yelpers comment that Mardis Gras isn't sure what it wants to be. Maybe that's why I like it. It's not trying to be anything other than a place for people to come together and have a few drinks. The bartenders are nice and astute so they won't let you go thirsty. The owners are always there and they are real friendly and nice.The food here is surprisingly good! You wouldn't think it but it's awesome. I'd even go out on a limb and say that the fries are better than McDonalds!The place has a stage for live acts. My brother's band has played here with no problems and the sound system was awesome. Comedians come through here, too. There is a pool table, beer pong table, darts, Golden Tee, etc. There are TV's to catch the game.Karaoke nights are great here as well. There's always a good mixture of people and nobody cares what kind of song you do. The KJ Shawn has a great selection of songs.If you're in the area stop on by. Come witness the un-snooty side of Scottsdale.
4	This place is one of my Cheer's bars. You can conveniently find my brother and myself effin' up karaoke all night anywhere in town but usually here on Sunday nights. The people that usually show up here are pretty cool and kick back and you get the occasional weirdo who walks in and entertains until he gets kicked out. It's also a great spot to get a variety of entertainment thru-out the week. They have a local amateur comedy night on Tuesday (which I've yet to attend and partake in) and a new country open mic night, LIVE MUSIC on the weekends with the occasional BIG NAME comedians that roll thru town. In addition, they also offer other miscellaneous bar activities thru-out the week like beer pong, duck races, etc. The bar back staff is aways cool (HI MARY!!!) and the food is pretty good too (if you're constipated and in need of relief....) I KID! IT'S GOOD, I promise... FOR MUSICIANS: From a musician's view point, this place has an awesome sound system and usually has a good in-house sound guy to add to your sound. My old band played here a couple of times before we broke up and we were always satisfied with the sound quality. ***The Bafroom: Ah yes, my infamous bathroom report. Liz, I love you and your bar but as my public duty and fiduciary responsibility to fellow Yelper, your bathroom doesn't rank the highest; DEFINITELY NOT the lowest either. It's a basic bathroom that takes care of business; nothing more, nothing less. Oh yah, they recently installed a new modern urinal! Looks like a GIANT egg with a hole cut in it but it's designed like that to help reduce splash, I assume. (LOL) Good thinking ;) I always hated coming out all soaked and (I keed, I keed lol). I also wish we had the nice purdy flowers painted on the entry wall, like the ladies do, to set us in a different mind set as we walk in to take care of business. It's a psychological thing. Or how about some clouds and some sunshine and, and, and.... okay, maybe I went too far on this... I LIKE YOUR FOAM SOAP?!?! :)
4	Good prices, friendly staff, great drinks, live music!
