5	My daughter has attended The Goddard School for 8 months now, and we could not be happier to have found such a caring and fun environment for our little girl. My wife and I toured three other schools in the area, and we know we made the right choice.Staff- Really, this is probably the most important aspect for us. Our daughter is treated so well by the teachers, and the front office staff is very welcoming and helpful. The staff are nurturing and patient, and they genuinely seem happy to be at work each day. They also have a low teacher:child ratio.Curriculum- They offer sign language and Mandarin, as well as the building blocks of learning such as reading, writing, math, etc. Facility- The building is very clean, easy to access, and parking is ample. The classrooms are alive with student artwork and happy students engaged in learning through play.A few extras: Unlike some other area preschools, we have the option of bringing our own food or purchasing the catered lunch options. This is a great benefit for us because our daughter has some dietary restrictions so we appreciate that flexibility.The playground is much nicer than others we have seen. It is safe and clean, and the kids have a blast playing outside when weather permits. During the summer months, when it is too hot be outside much of the day, they have 'water' days which mean varied activities depending on the age group.
1	We signed my little one up to attend 2 days a week, T and Th.  I just wanted her to interact with other kids and have fun.  When we arrived, the teacher wasn't the same one we met at our tour.  They assured me she was great.  Things were fine until she moved up a few months later to the 2's.  There was another transition in teachers (it happens A LOT there) and this new teacher was 'so great' I heard.  My daughter moved to her class when she turned 2 and things just went downhill.  I picked my daughter up the first few times and she was wandering around or in the bathroom crying at the top of her lungs.  The teacher told me, 'she's having a bad day.'  I told the teacher AND the assistant director/curriculum director to PLEASE call me if she is crying and I will be there in a flash to get her. I took it upon myself to call that day and check on her.  (She only went for 3 hrs in the am.)  I could hear her crying in the background!  The teacher told me, 'this isn't the right environment for her.'  WHAT!?!?  I couldn't believe it.  My daughter is healthy, happy and LOVES doing activities and playing with kids... what is going on?!?!I picked her up immediately, and when I walked in, the assistant director had her head down, ignoring me as if I wasn't there... WHY?  Who knows.  She probably knew I was upset because NO one called me.  I got my daughter, and left.  The assistant and the curriculum person was up front chatting, no one asked why I was there early, or what is going on.  This place has SO much turn over (just being there a few short months there were teachers coming and going.)  Do they care about the kids?  They sure didn't about mine.  It's not some fancy place they pretend it to be... it's a daycare.  A regular daycare that shoves capacity amount of kids in a room and collects your $.  We since have found an actual pre-school program through a church in Gilbert that is run like a school.  All of the kids start and go home at the same time, and NOT ONCE has my daughter cried!!  My husband and I are shocked at the difference of the 2 places.  We bought in to the hype of the place and the fact it was made out to be this preschool program.  It's not.  If you want a preschool, this isn't it.  If you want a babysitter type daycare, this is a VERY low grade place to go.  :-(
5	Love this place! We have floated from place to place looking for just the right care, love and learning for our children. We found that at Goddard. We were hesitant enrolling them because of tuition costs, but they are worth every single penny. Love the staff, the location and the fun that they provide for my children while I work. Thanks Goddard!
5	This is the third school my kids have gone to because we have moved around a bit. Both kids (age 2 & 4) LOVE everything about the school: teachers, activities, special visitors, even the administrators are hands on as well as cheerful! As a parent I can't believe I ever lived without the great communication I get from Goddard. While I'm at work I get pictures of what's going on with my children at school and a full emailed report with MORE pictures at the end of the day. It has enhanced our evening family time ten-fold because we can better talk to the kids about their day and even re-inforce the things they are learning. All of this coupled with the way the staff are all loving toward my children and so easy to talk to when I have questions makes this THE BEST school I've ever seen!
5	The Goddard School is amazing!  I have a 2 year old and a 3 year old that attend M-F.  They are always happy when I pick them up and when I mention their teachers to them outside of school they always smile and have great things to say.  I travel a lot for work and love receiving 5-10 pictures or videos of activities my kids are doing throughout the day.  There is nothing better than getting picture of your child smiling and enjoying an art activity or a video of them singing a song with the group.  The 3 year old class has a lot of structure and learning - I can't believe my kid can count to ten in Spanish.  The 2 year old room provides a lot of love and getting the kids to play and interact with one another.  This has been a perfect fit for my children and I couldn't imagine them any where else.  Thank you Goddard!
5	I have a 2yo and 4yo attending Goddard School.  My 4yo actually asks if its a school day on the weekends because he wants to go, and at pickup once told me to come back later. The Goddard School surpasses so many other preschools in so many ways:Teachers with degrees.  Daily Reports- Even pictures of your child during his time at school.  They even have parent teacher conferences.Bathroom Access in each room and potty training assistanceHealthy lunch option Snacks posted so you know what your child is havingClass sizeCurriculum that is fun.  Making learning fun is a talent and Goddard does it.Higher Standards. They must uphold to Goddard as well as State StandardsPlayground with grass, shade, and even a splash padAvailability- 1/2 days, full days, school hours, and even attending different days of the week are all options
