3	Newly opened Bojangles that claims to serve Breakfast all dayWhat they don't tell you is that all day means 7 AM - 4 PMSo when I leave my all-day meetings at 5 PM & I'm looking for their yummy Egg & Cheese Biscuits & Seasoned Fries, there are none to be hadThank goodness I can go 3 blocks down to the *other* Bojangles & get my Seasoned Fries fix  (they do not serve all day breakfast)Lunchtime is THE time to be there to get your fix but I must admit that the E Trade St location is a bit yummier......so a BIG A-OK for you since you *just* opened & I give you credit for what I imagine is your working out the kinksWill revisit ratings next business trip!
3	Oh Bojangles, your Bo Berry biscuits sing a siren song to me every day I pass by you yet I only indulge every now and then. If you're cold and passing by, step into the Bo, this place is like a sweat box and will keep you warm for a few minutes. Bo Rounds are my choice of hangover food and while there is always a line, sometimes you get lucky when you can step right up and order. And you gotta love their world famous ice tea which I can slurp down in a few sips and sometimes I get saucy and make an Arnold Palmer concoction. Their hours confuse me though, they close around 5P on week nights yet open on the weekend so I think if they stayed open later, they would definitely get some after hours business. Even though their commercials are way  "interesting"  (meaning that I think their marketing exec is on crack after seeing some of the ads that come out with) I always come back to Bojangles. When I need a finger licking fix or something to soak up the fun I had the night before-this is my place!
4	2 words for you..... BoBerry Biscuit OMG are these things the bomb! Soft, flaky, proper southern biscuits w/ lots of blueberries baked right in 'em & drizzled w/ tons of icing I had to wait a full 5 min for them to come out of the oven - as if that would be any kind of sacrifice! But how nice of them to ask me if that was okay as I was placing my order Hot, *super* soft, fresh-out-of-the-oven biscuits?? Are you even kidding me?! And if you're torn between the Cinnamon or the BoBerry, do what I do & just come 2 days so you can enjoy both..... ...... cause I sure plan to be back tomorrow for the Cinnamon Biscuits!
3	Great Biscuit & Decent Chicken For the Price.I ate here every morning prior to going to work & I would order their biscuit breakfast.  I tried their ham & cheese; bacon, egg & cheese & their cajun filet biscuit.  All three were just okay.  The biscuit is very soft & flaky, but with an extra layer of grease!  I even tried their dinner menu (leg & thigh) & the chicken could have been more flavorful & less oily.  I'm not sure if there were more than one variety of chicken, but the one we got was their original.   I must say, the chicken was pretty crunchy & crisp.  I had it w/a side of dirty rice, which i really like and a large mash potato & gravy...nothing spectacular.  For some reason this place really reminded me of Popeyes, but maybe its because they have the same theme colors.     Overall, decent chicken, but perhaps I'm being too harsh on it because i had chicken from Price's Chicken Coop & that place has delicious chicken!
3	Hello Friends, This BoBo's (Bo'Jangles) is located in the Old Ivey building, beside (Qdoba). This is a carry out only location. Very hot on the inside. The place is so small you really can't comment on much. But, this is where I come for my greasy biscuit fix. They have specials that a lot of other BoBo's don't have. Go try em out.
