2	i like to think of myself as a fairly easy going person that is accepting when things don't go exactly to plan.  however, my last visit to Mother's was a serious test of my patience.previously i've been a fan of Mother's.  it's a good space that the Yelp book group has found handy for our monthly meetings.  food is good and drinks are reasonably priced, these two points still stand.  however, the real downfall of Mother's is its service.during our May book group we reserved a table since many of us were planning on eating prior to our cocktail quest.  i arrived just the back of 6pm and proceeded to wait with the others for over 20 minutes to place our orders.  most of us sat for half an hour without a drink and a further half an hour was added to this for two poorly made martinis to arrive, which were apparently warm and one had a rotten olive included.  it was well after 7pm before anyone received starters and as i had only ordered a main i had a further wait to see any sort of food in front of me.  the most insulting part of the evening was that when mains did arrive, one of the orders was wrong.  after waiting over an hour and half for food it was fair to say we were all fairly annoyed, especially so that the waitress argued that she had taken the order right when we had all clearly heard our fellow book grouper order a beef burger not the beef kabobs that she brought.i do have to say that the food we had was good, i found my chicken, mango, and avocado salad tasty.  but not tasty enough to wait over an hour and a half for, although at that point i was hungry enough that anything would taste amazing!!  there was no apology issued over the order mix up or the extensive time that we had to wait (mind the bar wasn't even busy!!) so once we got our food we paid our bill and swiftly left.  i'm rather disappointed as it's unlikely i'll return to Mother's due to the incredibly poor service as this did appear to be such a promising new bar.
3	I haven't had a drink in this place yet, and as it markets itself as a gin bar I'm sure that is it's niche. They had some pretty tasty sounding cocktails, but on this occasion I was in solely for the food!The decor of the place is cozy - hip without being unattainable,and just dark enough to not be dingy. Full points for creating a great bar atmosphere and having super friendly staff to boot. The menu sounded enticing, and I grabbed a mango roast chicken salad with sweet beetroot dressing without a thought. Though beautifully presented, the food was slightly underwhelming; nothing WRONG with it, but nothing to have me rushing back. The 'dressing' was more of a sticky sweet syrup which added little. My mother had the skewers with tzatziki, and was dissappointed to find minced beef instead of steak. Whilst all was fine, just all a bit.... Meh. Maybe just a drink next time!
