2	I don't recommend this location for buying your eye glasses. They do their best to 'up sale' you. The Dr. was fine, no complaints there but the guy selling glasses was a total hack and I'll never visit this office again because of him. My insurance pays for a pair of frames & lenses every year and I don't pay out of pocket for glasses. He kept telling me not to worry about the cost of the frames and handing me $280 ones that are well over what my insurance pays. When I told him I wasn't paying for frames, he just walked away. Then when it came time for me to check out, my eyes were still dilated for the final exam from the Dr., he told me I was free to go. I said to him, I still have to see the Dr. NOT GOOD!!! So, from now on, I will take my business elsewhere and I suggest you do as well!
5	I went to the Independence location for my exam and their selection of frames was limited so I came to the Randolph location. Everyone was friendly and helpful from the moment I walked in. They have a great selection of designer brands and are truthful with their opinions, overall great experience!
5	I recently had an eye exam by Dr. Ahua--she was awesome.  I had 3 sets of lenses made at the Randolph Road office from her prescription and they turned out great.  Andrew really took the time and initiative to measure and make sure the lenses were going to be right.  These are the best lenses I've ever had...and I'm very picky about my vision.  Thank you Dr. Ahua and Andrew.
4	As far as the staff in this office they are simply the most amazing and helpful people there. They make the experience great and the wait time was really nonexistent. They have the most flexible and convenient hours with hours extending into late afternoon, and even open on Saturdays. My doctor was Dr. Ahua and she was wonderful. She was very thorough, easy to talk to, and yet very professional. The only reason I'm providing this office a 4/5 stars is simply the price of the frames. I just wish they provided more affordable frames and lenses that don't lose their style for individuals who do not have eye care insurance. I'm totally in love with my Ray Ban frames and Crizal lenses don't get me wrong but I'm lucky enough to have health insurance that pays for most of it. Without it I would not have been able to cover my almost $700 annual visit plus new glasses.
