5	I love Uncle Bear's. This is where I go for happy hour. Either this location or the one on Rittenhouse in Queen Creek. Good happy hour prices on drinks and sliders. I love the hot dogs and usually order that because a) they are very good b) big and filling and c) $7. The wings are $8.50 and sometimes a little too skinny, but other times good. I have not had anything meal-wise that is bad. The desert - I ordered the ice cream cookie sundae and really it is best to skip that. Other restaurants have it is a mini pizza pan, it comes out hot and gooey. This came out in a bowl, was the thinest layer of cookie that cold still be molecularly called a cookie and there were three huge scoops of ice cream that never melted because the bowl wasn't hot and there wasn't enough cookie to retain heat.
4	My kids and I love this place.  My kids love it because they get to make a mess and no one even bats an eye. (peanuts on the floor) I love it becaue of the menu, service, and quality.  The menu is expansive, you can order American, Mexican, Italian, etc.  The sercive that I have had the couple of times that we have been in there is awsome and the quality has been pretty good.  Their pizza is good, and wings are pretty good too.  The portions are huge also.  The doggie wall of fame is a family favorite of ours as the kids love to look at all the dogs.  This will be one of our favorites for some time.
1	Walked in for a drink late on a Saturday night.  There were probably 30 douches singing bad karaoke.  Bar tending services were so poor that after 5 minutes left to a local dive bar across the way that was douche free.That said, I have heard they have good food here and maybe outside of late evenings it might be worth going to.  Will have to give them another try at a later date.
5	This is a great place to go without having to drive too far!  I go to the one on Rittenhouse.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff.  The outdoor patio is nice with the great weather we have been getting.  Pretty happening on a late Friday or Saturday, actually this place always seems busy.  I haven't personally tried the food yet, but menu offers a diverse selection and it all looks pretty good.  Definitely worth checking out.
4	We're new to Gilbert so I don't have a big frame of reference, but I LOVE this place!  The bartenders are great, and tonight we had a server, Stephanie, who was awesome.  The food is varied (typical bar food, and also Mexican, Italian, just about anything you would crave going to a bar) and everything has been good so far.  The chicken sliders are amazing - my favorite item so far, and with $3 off during happy hour (regularly $8.99) it's a great deal too!  FYI, the "hot" wings aren't that hot - the "atomic" are perfect if you like typical "hot" wings.  Yum.  Oh, also, during their happy hour they have martinis for $4.50!  Finally, if you're looking for a good place to watch sports, this is perfect as they have HD flat screen tvs everywhere - not a bad seat in the entire bar.  This will be one of our regular spots for sure.The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars was that last time we went the server was just "OK" so I'm not sure if it's hit or miss since our server tonight was exceptional.
4	Went here while visiting my family in Feb...this place is great. They are a bar with bar food, but they do gluten free and Vegan if you want it. The wait staff is super friendly and will even swap pictures of their puppies with you. The place is dog friendly, like bowls of water on the outdoor patio and even dog treats.
3	Visited this particular Uncle Bears after our Super Strange experience at Trophy's Steak House. We needed some normality, proof that not everybody in the world, like those at Trophy's belonged to the Adams family! We bellied up to the bar and had a beer or five. The service was good, the beer was cold and Thank God the people were normal!!! Wow what a difference between in two places that sit right next door to each other. Food and ambiance are standard bar fare, but after escaping from Trophy's that exactly what we needed. Good Stuff!
3	Went here for lunch with the family.  The food was pretty good, nothing too memorable, but the atmosphere is really great.  Sports bar, but family friendly.....and dog friendly.  Nice to have a cool "hang out" bar/restaurant in this area of gilbert.
4	Good food! Buckets of peanuts! Semi decent looking waitress & good specials! Try the tai peanut pasta or fajita salad! Yum!
4	OMG! I had so much fun listening to karaoke! And the food was pretty dang good food. I was pleasantly surprised. There was a good atmosphere, friendly people, and some really bad singers which made it that much better.
3	well not that our experience was horrible but this gal must have been new she brought me the wrong breakfast she did not seam to know if toast came with my wife's breakfast, though she was very nice there was no offer of compensation for her and or the kitchen staffs screw ups and we did not get our side of fruit which is shown on the menu to come with our meals. the side of gravy i ordered was cold by the time my breakfast showed up the second time. 3 stars are being generous
1	I have been coming here for a while now. I like a few of the bartenders. Joe is my fav!!  I was asked to move(by a server not Joe) because I brought my dog.. A dog friendly place kicked me to the corner telling me its a health code violation! BTW it's not, Look it up! It's totally up to Uncle Bears if someone sits outside with a dog. I am a huge dog lover, that is one of the reasons I go there. But no more!! Foods not that great, but I always loved the out side seating and all the TV's. I would always send ppl there too. I work in the food service industry and I let a lot slide with service and food knowing its a every once n a while problem. But this, NO way! I know I got moved so other ppl could see the football game, While our group sat where the TV was so blury I felt like I needed glasses.  I have been there many of times when dogs where sitting on the patio. They were never asked to leave. So from now on I will let everyone know it's NOT a dog friendly place. And don't go it's not worth it!!!
2	FYI - This place is no longer named Uncle Bear's, it is now TC's. Compare the address with TC's - 7205 Power Rd.
