5	Ahhhh artery clogging McDonalds how I semi like thee! I LOVE their sweet tea, with lemon! Its a deal for only 1 dollar for a large!! Also, their play place is pretty rad! My son likes it anyway... I like it when the mosters actually have socks on!I also like the hazelnut iced coffee and love the fries!
3	It's McDonalds.  Always consistent.
1	Cold food and  cheap night male.manager. You really that hard up for a 20 pc. Nuggets handing out only two packs of BBQ with NO napkinks. Ronalds been NOTIFIED
1	No air conditioner! We all sweated as we ate, it's an oven in here!! Worst mc Donald and dinning experience of the summer. How can you have the dinning room open when you have no air and it's over 100 degrees
1	Ended up finding a piece of glass in my boyfriends pie at this location, waiting for them to take action. I dont trust the pies anymote
2	It feels weird reviewing a McDonalds again, but here we go anyway. Unfortunately I've only had the pleasure of visiting this location after hours and have had different experiences each time. Sometimes they allow me to order select breakfast items off of their 24 hour breakfast menu, and sometimes they don't. Sometimes they allow me to pay with my debit card and sometimes they don't.Sometimes the drive thru is open and sometimes the entire restaurant is closed with no warning save for traffic cones blocking the drive thru.In case you haven't noticed a pattern, this is the most inconsistent fast food joint I've hit up. And if you do end up ordering some food late at night,  be prepared to take a mini siesta in your car while you wait for your food order.
2	We hit the drive-thru for dessert tonight and I was very disappointed. I ordered a snack size M&M McFlurry and a sundae. The McFlurry ended up being vanilla ice cream with M&Ms sprinkled on top. Perhaps children don't notice that laziness but I'm no child and mixing the topping in is the entire point. Lame!
1	Come on McDonalds, you can do better than that!  Last week I ordered an Egg white Delight and got a regular Egg Mc Muffin, today I ordered an Egg Mc Muffin and Got a Sausage mc muffin with egg. Not sure if they just throw whatever has been sitting there the longest into your bag or what.
1	Thank you for wasting my money and time! You guys have me one sausage egg mcmuffin and a sausage mcmuffin for my order of two egg mcmuffins! Didn't even find out about it until after I left! Really guys? How was the order so wrong????
1	Gosh I remember when you could go to mcdonalds and get a fairly ok meal for like 3 dollars. Today they like to think of themselves as hip slick and cool pawning off god knows what kinda meat that is. This was the absolute WORST visit I have ever made to McDonalds. I was in a rush wanted to grab something quick as i was already late for a meeting about 1 minute away. I pull up order cant understand a word through the universal translator.I pull up and this kid was on drugs or is a paint huffer on the reg. Takes him about 3 minutes to figure my correct total and order at the window. I pull up wait another 8 minutes and am handed the wrong order. Then I am told to pull around to the front and wait for "fresh" fries. Pull to front,15 minutes later i get out of my car to get my order and it is coming out. I ask for ketchup and pepper,sorry sir we are out of both...WTF? you guys have one job make sure there are basics to accompany that nasty food you serve so i don't feel as though i'm eating a dog shit sandwich. Anyways,I get to my destination sure the fries were lava hot and my big mac was an fing train wreck. Cold,tasted like total crap I suspect it been sitting there since the last ice age. and to complete my abused visit I felt like i was gonna hurl afterwards. Nice going mcdonalds you guys sure have increased you're value and over all quality. i would not serve this slop to my worst enemy that would be inhumane. take a guess when i will return. Oh and what should have taken 5 minutes turned into 30.
1	My coworker got us lunch from this branch and were disgusted with the quality of their fries. We got 4 combos and NONE of us were able to eat it. Sadly we couldn't return them because we had to get back to work DISAPPOINTED because we didn't get to enjoy our fries since they were old/oily/stale/ and plain gross! On a separate visit, I asked the drive though cashier for ketchup and was told that "we are all out" when there was a whole bunch on their counter! I mean, seriously???? ZERO STARS, go to a different mcdonalds!
1	Thee most incompetent staff of all time. After I ordered food I remembered I needed a gift card. I asked if I could purchase one and they said they don't take a credit cards--after I just paid with a card. And I asked to order inside and then I'll come in and pay, they said I couldn't. Wth!? What business doesn't want to make money or make their customer happy? And to top it off my order was wrong! Way to try to ruin my day
2	The grease needs to be changed! It's a dark brownish color, I know because it oozed out of the hash browns. @__@ My moms a freak, we all know that, but they pushed her over the edge by not having drinks ready until after the food. It's serving 101, and the Sausage McGriddle is so tiny now! The other McDonalds nearby are much better.
1	This place is close to where I hang out. I just want a new clubhouse meal w/crispy chicken. Why did the cashier ask me what number is that. Why did I not get what I ask for and everybody looks at like I have three heads. Sorry to disturb you and the drink station is infested with ants. Yeah not going to be back. Had to go to the bathroom and that was a mistake. Looks like the place wasn't clean in months happy my kids were not with me. The garbage was overflowing but no lines in drive-thru no ppl waiting upfront
1	walked the entire strip, 2.7 miles and come here for a 6am breakfast, the service is horrible. and their ketchup has gone bad!!!!! dont come here!
1	Why are the iced coffee cups smaller in this store than every other McDonald's yet the price is still the same?!?! Not impressed! :/
1	Bad customer service. Very rude. Food is really bad and oil used for fries hasn't been changed in a long time.
1	If I could give a -5 stars I would everyone is very rude and look like they don't even want to take my order and the food is beyond terrible I would rather eat horse shit than this garbage
1	This is the worst McDonalds I have ever been to. I have come here twice and each time they mess up my order. They can't speak English which is probably why they can't get my order right. The play place has no doors so the kids just run around everywhere. Don't go here and waste your hard earned money.
