5	I love the Starbucks here.  The bakery is fresh.  I was very pleased with my venti iced carmelmochiaato.  I actually dropped my starbucks card there and didn't realize till 10min later when I was at my bf's apt across the street.. I ran back to track where I might have dropped it and thank goodness they had it!!!  Friendly and honest staff here.  Great busy atmosphere and by concordia university.
5	I am visiting from the states and finally found something that reminded me of home! I met Sammy who helped me pick out some coffee and a mug for my week in Canada. He was very helpful and offered me free samples of the flavored VIA, I recommend everyone stop at this starbucks!
2	Unfortunately I find myself at various branches of Starbucks around the city far more often than I would prefer. I used to visit this branch fairly often because of it's incredible location, but now I avoid it like the plague. Quite simply, it's just too crowded and the baristas move at a snail's pace. It's fairly small as far as Starbucks go.  There is a small seating area in back, a couple tables in the walkway and a few more mixed in with the merchandise. Lines form fast and there isn't enough room to queue so people end up standing in the doorway and vestibule. During the winter, cold air sweeps straight into the seating area each time the door is opened destroying any potential ambiance. Once the weather turns nice there is a huge area for outdoor seating located just feet away from the constant rumble of traffic on both Guy and Maisonnueve.There's not much to say about the food or coffee. It's exactly like every other Starbucks around the world. Not terrible and not great, not cheap and not expensive.
3	Starbucks is my go-to place when Cafe Myriade is too packed, or it's raining/snowing way too hard to get to Pikolo Espresso Bar in a good mood. This coffee shop is in my area, so it's convenient. But that's about it. It's hyped up and commercial coffee. It's always got a ridiculous, unnecessary line up, and the baristas can NEVER (I really mean NEVER) get my name right when they insist on putting it down on the cups - even after I spell it out to them it comes out in the most bastardized form. But... I'll still walk in on my break from work or class to get a good Americano and walk out satisfied.
3	Not the best Starbucks I've had. The service was not very fast, and the tazo fraps was not as good as the ones I've had near McGill College street.The ambience is alright, and the place is very close to the metro.
3	This location is more aptly named Slowbucks. It's also two completely different stores in the morning and evening. I'm used to fast serivce in the AM, and relaxed service in the PM. This store has it backwards. Lucky for them I don't do snapshots.
