2	Was excited to try Johnny Rockets Kennywood location.  Have been to other locations....do yourself a favor, stick with the other locations. Was told 30 minute wait due to kitchen backup, there were probably about 30% of the tables open.  Signed in and sat next to hostess stand where I watched 3 groups of people who came in after me, get seated before us.  Approached hostess to inquire as to why and she argued with me that she called me 3 times....I was sitting RIGHT there.  Got seated and Brittany was our waitress....she was AWESOME and made us feel better about coming in.  I noticed many employees talking and standing around....one girl just wiping the same spot on an empty counter for 20 minutes.  The manager (Ana?) was more worried about her cell phone than the customers and never checked on anyone....so it's easy to see why the place runs in a disorganized fashion.  My burger was cold and I wasn't going to complain because I had already been there for an hour...just wanted to get out....I have friends who have had similar experiences.....so, eat a corn dog until Johnny Rockets Corporate office can retrain this inept staff....I'll spend my $46 elsewhere in the park
2	We were told there is a forty minute wait....looked inside  and the place was close to empty....took off like a rocket!!!!!
3	I wasn't expecting to sit down for a real meal at Kennywood. I'd been to other Rocket locations before and knew the food was good so I said "What the hell?" And I went for it. The service was slow and they did these dumb dance routines while I waited for my food and others waited to be seated. It was good food, meh service that was slow. There was a 45 minute wait for some people and so many open tables! The review is getting a 3 cause of the sauce that comes with that smokehouse burger- the sauce is a must on any burger you get!
1	If I could rate it lower than one star I would.  Poor service, been waiting an hour for burgers.  When we questioned the waitress regarding the wait for food she replied, the kitchen isn't equipped to handle this many people.  It would be a nice location to open a freaking restaurant.
3	We enjoyed our experience at Johnny Rockets, but they are certainly going through growing pains.  When we first went to the restaurant, it was pretty empty but we were told there was a 45 minute wait because they kitchen couldn't handle a large amount of orders and was backed up. They do have a system where they send you a text when your table is ready, so at least you will know when to go back to the restaurant.When we came back, there seemed to be some confusion about where they were actually going to seat us as some tables were apparently not "ready" (even though they were all empty and clean).  Our server was friendly, but there were some long wait times for simple things.  All of our food was correct (and tasty) and we all got a laugh out of the "ketchup smiles" they made.  One person in our group had the chicken salad, one a chili dog and two of us burgers.  Burgers were tasty and there is a nice variety but the burgers themselves are kind of small for the price that you pay.They have only been open since the end of June, so I truly believe a lot of it is just trying to get the right system and work out kinks.  I hope that it will improve with time and training.If you are looking for a place to cool off and relax in the middle of your day at Kennywood, Johnny Rockets is a good option.  Just know that it will likely take a considerable amount of time.
1	We came in here for a good late night meal. But they were so slow getting us seated and serving food. We waited a total of 1.5 hours to get seated and another 1.5 to get our food. Waiters are so worried about their cellphones and each other. They just gather around and talk. They do not care at all if the food is being served or not. Despite many waiters sitting around, foods are not being served. Horrible place to dine at...
