4	I came here for a margarita and stayed for two pitchers. My oh my, Diego's makes a mean marg. Plus, we got free warm chips, fresh salsa, and super-attentive service, even though we were just bumps on a log most of the night. Made me a big fan! The music got louder the later we stayed making us want to put on our dancin' pants and head out for a night on the town. Although I haven't eaten there yet, I think it'd be a perfect place for dinner and a pre-game margarita (or four) before bopping around State Street.
1	Alright, we'll for starters the food is decent. It's reasonably priced but rather mediocre in flavor. Great margaritas! I gave this place a one star because even though the servers were friendly and knowledgeable the manager and (seemed to be owner) were awful to the staff. I witnessed them yelling at my server (who identified to us that it was her first day flying solo)-- she was nearly in tears! The manager and owner need to get their attitudes together before displaying them infront of customers. Again--- great margaritas!
4	3 pm on a Tuesday: about to fall asleep at work, drank 2 cups of coffee.5 pm: About to leave work, had another coffee.7pm: Just finished working out, had a bit more coffee.By the time 8 o'clock rolled around, all the caffeine hit me HARD and I was bouncing off the walls.Being a poor-just-out-of-school "adult," I decided to hit up Diego's for their $1 margaritas to drink my caffeine high away. After 4 drinks, I decided I've had enough, and paid less than double digits. Moral of the story, $1 margaritas = awesome :)
4	SO easy to miss....actually I did...twice!!! I was headed there for an impromptu birthday dinner for a friend and walked by twice.....do they have a sign on the front??? Because I didn't see anything!! Finally one of those dry erase boards out front caught my eye and I saw there written in green marker "Diego's". Really though?Anyways, made it in and it has a casual atmosphere. There's a long bar and high tables in the front and towards the back are the actual tables and chairs. That's where we sat for our meal. It seems like people in my group enjoyed their food thought I heard that the enchiladas weren't spectacular. I had the ceviche appetizer which was pretty filling!!! Unfortunately for us we were there the friday before halloween and I'm not sure if this is normal but a DJ set up in the corner across from us and started pumping out some songs.....then the waiters stacked up all of the chairs and tables as people finished and left. Soon enough our table was the last one left on that entire half side of the restaurant. It was awkward for us because some of us were still finishing up our drinks...a friend had just bought a pitcher when we broke away from our conversation long enough to realize that were the only table left.No one bothered us to finish faster and when we finally did get up the manager (i think) came over and apologized for rushing us and brought over a round of drinks for our group of 6!Very smooth Manager ;) But next time we'll be heading here for dinner a little bit earlier just in case that's a regular friday night event.
4	The food is decent, not excellent. Great service and a nice environment.The dishes are not going to blow your mind with taste explosions or anything. Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it was close to my hotel and they have tamales, yes they have tamales. Nice....
2	What was once Zanders, then Moe's, now Diegos in the matter of less than two years.Came here for a weekday lunch and ordered the fish tacos.  (see uploaded picture)The tacos themselves were average.  Nothing spectacular, but nothing to complain about.  The beans were terrible.  They were very bland, not very warm, and poor consistency.  Rice was ok.Service was appropriate.   Their atmosphere is hard to review.  It's basically a bar-restaurant scene.  I have nothing against this type of setup, it just doesn't deserve any extra points.   We sat at a high top table next to the bar where they were showing soccer matches on ESPN.2 stars for a mexican restaurant messing up refried beans, and only average tacos.
2	We arrived at 8 pm on a Tuesday. It is 10 and our food still isn't here. The food is decent, but it's not chipotle.
3	In short: I'd go back.Went out last night with some friends for the gut-wrenching $1 margarita/$2 taco night.Had 3 tacos: Carnitas, pastor, chorizo.Had 2 margaritas.They really try to do the whole "authentic" thing with the double corn tortillas, onions and cilantro, etc. Pickled red onions on my chorizo were a nice touch but had no place being there because of authenticity.Tacos were a bit greasy but otherwise totally nommable. A really good deal at $2 and definitely winning the label of "tasty." Chorizo was probably my favorite, except for the aforementioned grease.Margaritas were lime, frozen, and sickly sweetening. But hey, they were $1 and had over a shot's worth of tequila in them, so how can that be anything but a bargain?!Total with a 22%-ish tip for all of that was $10. How the hell can I possibly complain?!Great deal for going out on a Tuesday night. And, like I said? I'll definitely be back.
5	Half-price margaritas on Thursdays and the food is absolutely superb. Overall, a great atmosphere and plenty of bar space.
1	We walked in on a Tuesday night with our child. The Yelp info said it was kid friendly. It most certainly was not. We felt like we walked into an American Apparel ad or an Of Montreal concert. The place was packed with 18-24 year-old drunk kids.  The only things missing: face paint and glow sticks.We had about a 15 min wait. As we were being taken to our seats, one of the waitresses said, "Who brings their baby to a restaurant?'  To which I replied, "We do, you ass!"  Nothing like a 22-year-old punk with a holier-than-thou attitude trying to ruin your night!The food was only mediocre.  We all agreed that the tacos were overly greasy and all kind of had the same flavor.  Margaritas are margaritas.  The "empanadas" were not empanadas I have ever had.  They most resembled empanada-shaped eggrolls.  The best part of the meal was the chips and salsa. They also charge extra for a refill of the salsa.  I've always thought it was lame to charge extra for a condiment.Overall, the food is not bad for a cheap Taco Tuesday.  I'd keep the kiddo at home next time. However, If I decide to bring her somewhere it will be my decesion and not up for review by some blond, jerk-off waitress...thank you very much. I give it one star because of the rude staff (even just that one girl). I don't have time for poor service and bad attitudes when I am paying for food that I can make better at home.
4	My taste buds (and wallet) lucked out when my first trip to downtown Madison happened to be on Diego's $2 Taco Tuesdays. Not expecting much due to the price, I was pleasantly surprised. Or was that just the $1 margarita talking? No, I assure you, I wish I could go back every Tuesday. Walking in, the appearance doesn't waver much from a stereotypical Mexican restaurant with bright colors and Latino wall murals. If you're looking to watch a soccer game or catch sports highlights, there are several large flat-screen TV's throughout the surprisingly-spacious restaurant.I tried the "Carnitas" taco along with their "Carne" taco, which was the perfect portion size for lunch. I thought the "Carnitas" version needed more of a kick, so I added a bit of salsa. The dinner options are reasonably priced, too. However, I would guess that the two large bars would attract a lot of noise when happy hour rolls around, which may not be best for children.
3	I've been here quite a few times, mostly for the $1 Margarita/$2 Taco nights on Tuesday.  They're both decent but with the price, you can't complain.  I'm a fan of the pastor and chorizo tacos personally.  I've also had the nachos and a burrito here as well before and likewise, I wouldn't say this is truly authentic Mexican cuisine but it gets the job done.This place at night is also quite fun.  Karaoke on Saturday nights is done pretty well although get there somewhat early if you want to request a song.  Overall the drinks are alright, nothing exceptional good or bad comes to mind.Overall, I'd say come here and take advantage of the daily deals.  For its price and location on State St. it gets the job done.TIPS: - 10 dollar minimum at the bar with a credit card.- Free 68 oz. Margarita on your birthday with purchase of food which is more than enough.
5	A great place for dinner or drinks!  I discovered this place before a show one night.  Was looking for a a place to get a few nice cocktails and a good meal and all my expectations were met.  They have a great list of tequila, from which we had a few selections, and a great meal.  My tacos were perfect and my girlfriend had a veggie taco she really enjoyed.  We have returned a few times and always have a great evening.
3	This place is fun and cozy if you're willing to hang somewhere that isn't high-end.Their food is average and enjoyable for a night out with friends or some munchies while drinking, but I wouldn't take mom and dad here if they're visiting Madison. Drinks are reasonably priced and typical Mexican fare.I really like their burritos the best. The veggie one is my favorite.It can get a little crazy on Friday and Saturday nights, since they do karaoke, but if that's what you're into, stop on by.Overall, it's pretty fun and a nice little hole in the wall. Also, it has 3 floors with ample seating, so there's almost never a wait.
4	Not a fan of:1. Slow service. My date and I were seated right away, but waited at least 15 minutes before our server came over. The food came out very quickly, so that sort of made up for it, but our server still didn't come around very often after she initially took our orders.2. Pickled onion overload on my ground beef and chicken tacos. Easy enough to pick off, but I think next time I'll probably ask for my tacos without the pickled onion party on top.Definitely a fan of:1. Taco Tuesday prices! I am so glad we decided to see what the hype was all about, because it was WAY worth it. I had 3 tacos, my date had 4, and we had 3 margaritas between us - barely more than $20 after tip. Such a great deal.2. Deeelicious tacos. One of my favorite things about good tacos is the tortilla, and Diego's nailed it (warm and flexible, but not falling apart). Generous and tasty fillings, too.3. The margaritas. I've had margaritas at Pasqual's, and Diego's comes in at a VERY close second. (For a classic lime margarita on the rocks, it might actually be better. Must drink more margaritas to confirm.) Great balance of sweet and tart, and none of that nasty aftertaste you get when you go too heavy on the tequila.Two words: Taco Tuesday. You won't regret it. (Sorry, six words. Oops.)
4	Everything's about perspective.  If I still lived in Madison I'd probably have given them an A-OK and I don't think there's anything wrong with that.  They are better than most options in my current area.  My friend and I enjoyed the pork and shrimp tacos with a couple IPA's before heading to the Overture for a show.  It was Friday night and busy.  I'd stop in anytime.
3	Serious mixed feelings on Diego's, almost gave it 4 stars but since I personally don't feel like the food is very authentic I have to give it three. They have good specials, Monday and Thursday is half priced house margaritas (house includes a bunch of flavors including mango, guava, coconut, raspberry and more, not just lime - woohoo!!). Tuesdays they do 99 cent house margs and discounted tacos. The food is decent and the menu has all of there gluten free options labeled. I went with a bunch of girlfriends and we split the queso fundido, empanadas (gluten free), and nachos with chicken (gluten free). The apps were good, I would pass on the guacamole though as it tastes kind of fake. Basically, go and get some margs and free chips and salsa Monday, Tuesday, or Thursday and you won't be unsatisfied.
3	Friendly staff, quick service, cool selection of taps, good prices. Stopped here a few times, usually during the day, and have always enjoyed it.
4	The salsa they bring to your table is fresh with a little bit of heat.  We had the nachos appetizer and was in luck, they had a special so we snazzed it up with chicken and guacamole and sour cream.  The chips were not too thin nor too thick and had a great hearty corn taste and crunch!  It was quite tasty and they were good servers.  I'd come back and try another taste ...might be soon, I'm getting a hankering.
3	Love Diego's for their Tuesday night specials! Boyfriend and I decided to come here in search of some yummy nachos on a Friday night. We ordered a few drinks (margarita and he ordered some sort of margarita-crispin mixture) and they were very good. Service could've been a bit quicker, though. We also ordered nachos, an order of flautas and some carnitas tacos. We were just going to order the nachos, but the waiter made it seem like that wouldn't be enough food. LIES LIES LIES LIES. The nachos are huge!!! Unfortunately we made the mistake of overindulging on the free chips and salsa they bring to your table. The salsa was good, but the chips tasted kind of stale. Which was weird because they were still warm. Another issue we had was we wanted the nachos first and told our waiter that, but he still brought all 3 plates together. It was all very overwhelming. There was so much food that I didn't even get to try my tacos. The nachos were good, though. And the guacamole was amazing. We ended up taking most of the food home but much to my dismay my boyfriend ate it all at 2 AM that night (haha). I think I'll have to return just so I can properly enjoy a meal here.
2	I normally like this place but it seems like they are going downhill.  Went there today for lunch.  The outdoor patio was full so we sat inside which was not packed.  There were 2 servers and one trainee. The female server and trainee took our order.  Shortly after that, the bar and tables got full and other patrons inside got food and ours never came.  The cook has stopped cooking and was cleaning up.  Once we complained all 3 servers went to check tickets sitting there. The male server offered a very piss-poor apology indicating we did not have to pay for our drinks.  OK?!  No offer to get what we ordered, a free meal for next time, nada.  We walked out at 12:45 no lunch.
1	Service was good. It took over 40 minutes to get the food.  The salmon was not very good and the talapia was very plain. One and only time we will go here.
3	This review is just for Taco Tuesday! 2 dollar tacos, everything on the menu except for the pescado (fish) and camaron (shrimp). The chorizo taco is where it is at! Delicious, definitely my favorite one since it is the most flavorful. The Al Pastor is supposed to be topped with pineapple, but it wasn't. I'm not sure if that's because if you're only paying 2 dollars for a taco you don't deserve pineapple. $1 margaritas as well, only in the lime flavor. Which aren't bad. I usually like mine frozen.
4	The food was delicious; fresh and flavorful. And they clearly marked their gluten-free items on the menu, which always makes my restaurant experiences so much easier. I'll definitely be back. YUM!
1	This place was awful, slow, and the bathrooms were disgusting. It took me 68 mins from seated to check to get a root beer, tea, soup, side salad and fajitas. Took the waitress about 15 mins to get me lemon and Splenda for the tea. The chicken tortilla soup is basically chicken noodle soup with tortillas and avocado. Thank god my company paid for this meal. Gross.
1	Food was ok. Margaritas were good (only because they are cheap on Tuesdays). However, the most absolute ATROCIOUS part of the restaurant is that even if you show up one day later than your birthday, you will NOT get a giant margarita. Extremely false advertisement on their part. I explained that I was unable to come on my actual birthday because 1) It was a Monday and 2) I was a bit ill. I tried again to reason with them on Wednesday and they STILL would not oblige. The service was not understanding or respectful about the situation at all.
2	The food was good but there was this man sitting at the bar with a laptop who I assume was the manager or owner and he kept yelling at all the staff. It made us feel VERY uncomfortable. He kept going behind the bar and grabbing the drink shaker out of the bartenders hand and yelling at her In front of customers for making drinks wrong. I get it if you are the owner and you want the staff to do things a certain way you don't yell at them in front of customers. I could tell our waiter was so embarrassed every time he came to our table. I don't want to come back here because of how uncomfortable I felt.
4	Let me begin by stating that the food here was amazing.  I ordered a beef burrito, which was packed with flavor.  It had some sort of tomato based sauce which was just amazing.  My wife had some sort of carne asada tacos and we both shared a magarita.The salsa was fresh tasting, tangy and light - just wonderful.I'm not a drinker, but that margarita was delicious as well!I *really* wanted to give them five stars, because their food was delicious, but two things kept me from doing that:1) The first little bowl of salsa is free, but the second they charge you $.95 for.  I have never had to pay for additional salsa and believe that it's a horrible idea to charge for any sort of condiment....ever.  Chips and salsa are a staple of Mexican restaurants - don't be greedy and try to make more money off the back end.  I happen to like salsa on my burrito and my wife put salsa on her tacos as well.  Horrible, horrible idea to charge for additional salsa.  I understand it's fresh, it's great and all that, but suck up the cost - an $11 burrito has enough of a profit margin to give the condiments for free.  I speak from the perspective of both a foodie and a commercial food photographer - I eat at and work in a LOT of restaurants and can say with complete authority that it's sort of thing makes people walk out and never return.  Charging for salsa would not fly in Vegas.2) We were served quickly, however one table next to us waited so long for service that they walked out.  Another table next to us had a messed up order (the waitress forgot to put in an order for guacamole).  While this did not happen to us personally, it's an indication that there could be a service problem.3) The manager glared at us angrily when we walked in.  Don't stare at your customers, but if you do, freaking smile.Normally the downsides would have me leaving a 3 start review, but the food truly was incredible.  We live in Las Vegas and we often complain that we can never find GREAT Mexican food.  I don't care about authenticity, I just want excellent taste and this place really delivered on taste and we are sure to be talking about Diego's until the next time we find ourselves in Wisconsin!
3	Came here fairly late at night the Sunday before Labor Day. It took a while to get my party of 5 noticed and seated. The two servers seemed a little stressed out despite the place not even being half full.Two trays of free chips & salsa came promptly. We ordered the bucket of Mexican beer, which was the Sunday special. I chose the chicken flautas appetizer since I wasn't too hungry. The food didn't take too long to come out, but I could tell that it had been ready for awhile.The flautas weren't as crispy as I would have liked, but tasted ok. The overall consensus was that the food was alright, but the service was slow.
2	Don't bother with dollar margarita Tuesdays. They're so syrupy it's impossible to drink an entire glass. I recommend splurging an extra two bucks and going over to Madison's where they serve a delicious, fresh $3 margarita on Tuesdays. I also was not very impressed by the tacos. I don't get why there are such mediocre restaurants in such a prime location in Madison!
1	From start to finish, our party of seven on a Friday night spent over three hours at this establishment. The waitress was impressively neglectful and rude. I stepped away from the table at the end of our meal, explaining how long we had been waiting that night. The waitress then followed me back upstairs to our table to confront / scold me in front of my friends, accusing me of yelling at her in front of her manager. I felt extremely uncomfortable by her misplaced anger. None of our food had been compensated. The waitress also accused us of trying steal from them, when in reality, she never brought us the seventh persons' bill. The one redeeming moment from the night came when the manager visited our table to apologize for our servers' behavior. These guys have no idea what they're doing. Save yourself time and money by going to Taco Bell instead.
1	Awful service. Just terrible. Came here with six friends for dinner, and it was a three-hour tour of the worst food and service we have ever received.The restaurant was about 2/3 full, but it took the server a full hour to bring our drinks. She takes our food orders at that time, and it takes another hour to actually get them. Having sat around for two hours now, when we do start eating we find that the food is cold. As though it was made an hour before and just sat around. Half an hour after that, we get the checks. She misses one, and when she comes back to collect them, she actually accuses us of lying and hiding one so we don't have to pay it. Convince her she's wrong, she leaves, and one person goes to complain to management. Our server came back and actually loudly berated him for "going to [her] manager to yell about her service."The manager comes over, makes excuses  - and acknowledges that they are excuses - makes a quick non-apology, and leaves. Not even an offer of comping their disaster.Worst restaurant service I've ever had.
3	Stopped here for lunch yesterday after an event at the Overture Center. I was looking for someplace that still had outdoor seating, given the beautiful day and this fit the bill.  They don't seem to have a lunch menu, though Tuesdays are $2 tacos (excluding the seafood tacos) and they had a decent wrap selection.  I went for the steak fajitas wrap which was tasty, but light on steak.  The 99 cent margarita was overly sweet as another reviewer mentioned.
3	The only reason why I give this place 3 stars is b/c of the horrible customer service once I walked in. The hostess looked so miserable like she didn't want to be there.  I walked in and said, "Hi, how are you?" I asked her if they sold chicken tacos and she just shook her head yeah. She takes me all the way around the world for a table (that was dirty for one) and sat the menu down, walked off and didn't say enjoy your meal or anything. I started to leave, but the waiter was so nice and apologized for the greeting from hostess. Went back down to the bar area and the same waiter took care of my order and my drink. Apparently she needs to go to customer service school of some sort with the rudeness. At the end of the night, I did end up enjoying myself, especially with the $2 Taco Tuesdays and .99 margaritas.
2	We went on a Sunday when they had some specials going on. $6 wings and $6 chilli fries. They also had all taps for $2. The place was not to busy and we were greeted promptly and sat at the bar. I ordered wings and a Diego Burrito. The wings were good. They were large and crispy but not a lot of flavor. I had the garlic chorizo sauce, I guess I was just expecting more of a kick from either of those two ingredients,. The burrito fell apart as soon as my fork dug into it. Again, not a lot of flavor. Actually, the burrito was just bland. The special price on the wings was worth it but the burrito was not sadly. I will go back to try some different things and update this when I do. The saving grace of this establishment was the bartender. Very friendly and super upbeat. That being said check out their daily specials. They have some good drink ones and it would be worth it to go. Also a large selection of tequila and margaritas.
