5	I actually have to disagree with the comment from LCDR P.  I typically don't like pizza hut and dominos. I did try papa murphys many many years ago and it was horrible.  So to have one open at the corner of where I live, I was totally willing to give it a try but didn't expect much.  I only went in because they had several coupons that arrived in the mail.  So I went in and ordered a family size pepperoni pizza.  I got it home and baked it in my convection oven (which always bakes better then a regular oven) and to my surprise, it was REALLLLY good.  A few days later they had their official grand opening specials and I went back again this time to get a sausage, mushroom and onion.  I was kinda caught off guard cause I was offered white onions, or the onion mixture. I was like well what is an onion mixture?  It's white onion, green onions, and red onions. Well hell I'm a huge onion and garlic fan so I went for the mixture.  I also played one of their games for the grand opening and won a card FULL of huge discounted coupons for several styles of pizza.  I went again 2 days later before their specials ended and got a large 2 topping pizza for only $7 Then 2 days later they called me telling me I won a family size pizza.So all in all, let me sum this up.  Service for this location - Very nice (especially since it was all young teens/kids who usually don't give a crap) I met 2 of the managers and they were very nice too.Quality & Taste - I honestly really enjoyed it and am looking forward to trying some of their combo type pizzas.Price - Well this is the only problem I actually have.  I honestly won't ever goto this place and pay full price. I think it's over priced just like every other pizza place.  A typical large pizza should be $5  (little caesars and cici's pizza) Don't mis understand me though. Those 2 places are definitely cheap pizza, but they are decent.   I think papa murphys is definitely a step above those 2 place but again their prices are high.  However I''ve already noticed that they frequently have coupons and as long as I have a coupon I would DEFINITELY go back.  I mean come on. $7 for a family size (x-large) pepperoni. YUMMMMI look forward to being a regular customer at this location.
5	Yes, they put the pizza together and then you cook it at home. I know, that's weird. You'd think it would affect the quality, but it doesn't. The ingredients are fresh, the choices are plentiful and the price and quantity you get is very high. There's a reason Zagat has rated this the best pizza chain multiple times, and there's a reason people listen to Zagat and not random biased reviewers who only get noticed by virtue of writing the first review. Papa Murphy's gives you quality food for a good price and you don't even have to deal with waiters, seating, or any of the trappings of a normal restaurant environment. It's a low key good quality experience.
5	Papa Murphy's back on the west side! I missed this place when the one on Flamingo and Jones closed years ago. We ate it every two weeks. New store:Pizza: Awesome as usual. Their large pie is larger than most other joints, around $10, Family size is $2 more. Dough is very good and when you bake it at home, you can control how crisp the bottom is. They are not skimpy on toppings either. The baking tray it comes on is super. By making it at home, your pie is hot out of the oven, not lukewarm and soggy like delivery pie. The pizza will bake perfectly.Staff: Very friendly and helpful.Value: All things considered, size of pie, fresh ingredients, large topping selection, great dough, bake it hot at home, it is worth every penny! This is not like Cici's or Little Caesars, much better.Give it a shot and I think you will be happy.
5	Love it so easy to bake I put mine in the broiler for the last  2 mins
4	First time I tried Papa Murphy's was at a friends who made some for my friends birthday and I really liked the pizza. Especially the fact that it is hot, and fresh out of the oven and you can control the level of doneness that you desire.  We had Chicken Bacon Artichoke deLite, And a pepperoni sausage pizza. Ingredients were fresh, the chicken was of good quality as were the other ingredients.  I look forward to trying more flavors.
4	Who'd have thought take n' bake would be so good? Very friendly staff and they deliver a great tasting product.My only problem with Papa Murphy's is they take food stamp cards. I hate paying full price for my pizza and someone else's.
5	When we moved out of the Pacific Northwest, I sadly left my favorite place to pick up a pie on the way home from work on a cold and rainy night.BTW do NOT miss those cold and rainy days one bit! Just missed the pizza.  Called my beloved spousal unit and told him the oven temp and when I hit the door, we would have a hot pizza in less than 20 minutes. That being said, I was so happy to find this Papa Murphy's though I would LOVE to have one here in Summerlin for my convenience. LOVE the Gourmet vegetarian with red sauce (instead of white). Loaded with spinach, artichoke hearts, onions, zuchinni & tomatoes....add some olives and I'm all over it. They accommodate my beloved spousal unit's penchant for MEAT on one half and peace reigns in the LV Valley. Papa Murphy's, Thanks for bringing a taste of home to the desert!
5	It's the subways of pizza, only you bake it at home. The stuffed pizza is the way to go.
2	whenever I write a 'less than stellar' review, I always wait a few days. I just like to take all emotion out of the review. I have waited almost 2 weeks to write this - mainly because this Papa Murphy is less than a mile from my house and I always root for the local businesses in my neighborhood.Here goes:I have been to this location enough to fill up a punch card (12th visit gets you 50% off your next order)... So I thought - AWESOME! On Halloween, I don't want to cook and we are having people over before going downtown for the Las Vegas Parade. I bring a friend (who has never been to Papa Murphy's). I have talked up the place to her and convinced her that pizza would be better than Mediterranean food for the occasion. We walk in, there are 3 others in the shop, two are waiting for their pizzas and 1 is paying. We walk up to the registers, pick a couple of salads and grab a menu. We we not greeted, but, you know, people get busy - and we are gabbing away anyways. Well.... after standing next to the workers 'building' the pizzas and a few feet from the left register for 5 minutes - Another woman walks in to the shop. The manager or owner (I assume) who is building the pizza, asks another employee to help 'the guests.' The employee proceeds to greet the other woman and start taking her order. After a moment, the 'Manager' asks us if we've been helped. We let her know we hadn't. She proceeded to tell us because we weren't standing right at the register, thats why know one had helped us............ *REMINDER* : I've been here enough to earn the complimentary 50% discount. It's not my first rodeo at this place. AND we did go straight to the registers when we arrived. How would we have picked out the Greek Salads (which are in between the 2 registers).... Needless to say, a place that makes it the guests fault that they weren't helped is not a place that I need to spend money at.... It's really too bad! I have had no issues the other 11 times at this location - but those times I came in after 6pm (this visit was around 1:30pm). I have always been helped by the night male 'manager/owner' (assumption on title, but these are franchises that are proprietor owned)..........I will say, I've never seen it busy at this location, so maybe when they get more than 1 or 2 people in their store at once they get a little "overwhelmed....."But, I think it will be awhile before I return, and needless to say, my friend will never get to try Papa Murphy's because she doesn't like rude service- especially when it's at a pizza place that you have to take home and cook yourself.
3	I go here way more than I'd like to admit.  I think I've actually convinced myself that because I'm baking it, it's healthier (and homemade).  Makes no sense, I know.I am also lured to the Papa Murphy's by it's copious coupon deals.  They regularly mail out a book of coupons that contain some pretty good discounts.  Obviously, cheap,"homemade" pizza cannot be resisted.Overall, Papa Murphy's isn't the best pizza.  It's worlds better than the freezer section and, to me, better than places like Dominos and Pizza Hut.  P.S. This location is spotless and provides quick service.  Also, if you're on an EBT diet, they randomly accept those.
5	I was iffy about having to cook a takeout meal in my oven myself at first, but it's worth it! Their pizza is really good, and unlike other pizza places I've been to they actually use gloves while preparing your food, so it seems more sanitary as well.
5	I have only been going to Papa Murphy's for a year and it's my favorite carryout pizza. I love the fact that the ingredients are fresh and you can bake it at home. I think the quality is way better than most of their competition. It's a much better value than a lot of places. The staff at this location is always very friendly and helpful. i've always had good service and it's always a good experience. I've gotten several of my neighbors hooked as well. This location is super clean and always looks neat and tidy.
4	Great pizza that you take and bake at home. Fresh ingredients that are weighed out in front of you as they prepare the pizza. I like that I can get the pizza early in the day and then take it home and bake later.  Great price for a family.
1	I just had the most buzzard experience ever. I live near this Papa Murphy's and always see the sign so I decided to give it a try. I called and asked for a Cheese Pizza. They asked for my name and phone number and I went to pick it up about 10 min later. I get there and there is a uncooked pizza on the table. I asked the lady this is not my pizza right? She says yes, we are a take and bake. I'm respond, nobody told me. She says oh we don't have to tell you that's how we are. I say I have hungry ppl and I don't want to have to bake this myself. She gets mad and says that's rude. At this point I just walk away and tell her you need to inform ppl on the phone as you have a different concept and many people don't know. Unbeliaveble.  Papa Murphy's management. Freaking include as part if your phone etiquette. We are a take and bake pizza how may I help you. Not that hard to do so. I'm so mad I shouldn't even give you this business tip. I will never ever ever be back there or any papa Murphy's ever!!!!!
1	Just had the craziest experience. My mom had called the store asking for a certain person who worked there (our order was messed up before and we were told that we would be comped the next visit). Immediately the "owner" Carrie yelled "Jason doesn't work here!" and slammed the phone on my mom. In complete disbelief, we called again and this Carrie lady yells "I told you there is no Jason here! Were too busy to deal with this." And slammed us again. We decided to take a stroll to this location and we were greeted nicely (not one person was in this store, must be pretty busy), and once my mom asked to talk to the owner Carrie knew who we were. She screamed at us saying were not welcome and that they're too busy, running out dough, and product. There was a huge scene caused by this Carrie woman and I have never been treated so rudely in my entire life. We've been to this location HUNDREDS of times and never once did we encounter something like this. I wouldn't even give this place one star.
1	Wow. I get a pizza here almost every Friday night and the pizza has always been good and the employees always pleasant. But tonight, I was treated so rudely on the phone by someone who said he was the manager that I will never go back to this store again. I bet they see a huge Dip in business with this guy running things.
5	It's rare that we go any other place for pizza. We enjoy pizza from here because the ingedients is fresh and yes the down side of it is you take it home and bake it yourself. But the upside of it is that it will be hot and fresh out of the oven onto the table immediately. The taste is what always brings us back and the prices aren't that bad either. The taste, service and prices you can't lose.
