5	It is so hard to find someone you can trust with your hair, but look no further. Chelsea takes the time to go above and beyond on my hair everytime. She wants everything perfect and her hi/low lighting has been among the best I have had done. She listens to what my vision is, gives her professional advice, and I am always happy. I highly suggest her for anyone who is looking for someone who is an expert with color.
5	Where do I begin?! I was able to stumble upon Chelsea after moving to Arizona. We all know how scary it is to move to a new place and leave an amazing hair stylist behind. Well Chelsea has replaced that hair void in my life! I cannot say enough great things about her and the work that she does. I truly enjoying my appointments and look forward to the time that I get to spend with her. I highly recommend Chelsea!!
5	I have been getting my hair done by Chelsea for multiple years now and I couldn't be happier about my hair. She literally does everything! She has done my extensions, my color and my cut and she's done one of my best friends' weddings and their hair was STUNNING!! She is such an experienced stylists and truly loves what she does. I love coming to see her because she is so genuine and sweet and you know she wants the best for your hair as well. I HIGHLY recommend seeing Chelsea! She's awesome!
5	I have been my hair done by Chelsea five years now. She always does such a great job. Always fits me in last minute when I need my hair done. She also did my hair and all of my bridesmaids hair. I absolutely loved my hair and so did all of the girls. I get compliments on my hair all the time. Chelsea is a joy to be around  always so upbeat and positive!
5	Chelsea is absolutely FABULOUS!!! My hair has never received so many compliments as it has after my appointments with Chelsea.  My color is exactly what I've been wanting and has lasted without fading beyond my expectation! Chelsea's creative abilities with color and cut will leave you feeling like a million bucks when you leave Sachi. She is not only a truly talented stylist but is a sweetheart. She is flexible and always gets me in.  If you are looking for someone who will not only listen to what you want but will deliver go to Chelsea!
5	Chelsea has been doing my hair for years. Even though I have since moved out of state I make frequent trips to Arizona and make it a point to schedule appointment with her first thing. I am constantly getting asked who does my color by friends and coworkers. I like a natural but warm blond and she does it perfect every time, I can go months without noticing a grow out. She is a true natural at her craft. I love that I am not sitting in the chair for 4 hours to get my hair done. She takes her time, but doesn't waste mine. She is fast, fun, efficient, and the sweetest girl.
5	Fantastic! I just saw Chelsea as a new client for the first time this past weekend. She did a phenomenal job on my hair with my favorite cut in years! I am still getting compliments 3 days later. Blessed by this lady's sweet friendship & great skills. Thank you!
5	Chelsea really is as good as it gets when it comes to hair stylists. From the very beginning, she invested her time and energy into learning about my style and personality, which has allowed her to go above and beyond my expectations. I have seen Chelsea for extensions, cuts and colors and have received significantly more compliments on my hair than with any other stylist. I really can't say enough about how much I appreciate Chelsea. It is apparent that she has dedicated her life to serving her clients and becoming a master of her trade. On top of all of this, she is fun, stylish and down to earth and I always have a great time at the salon.
