5	this is where i fell in love with the '07- '08 fall/winter prorsum collection. i was very tempted to make the purchases when i saw it then, but waited till i got back home to get the pyramid spike knight bag. the bag is now recognized everytime i wear it. the shoes and sunglasses that go with it are also a hit. the customer service here is great. you don't get the snottyness that some of the high end designer stores may give. thank you burberry for being awesome.
5	Before i really didnt like burberry cuz it always didnt have the size or the stuff i wanted but now i can find all the thing i want from burberry. its a great store.
5	Place was great.  We even got a card sent to our house telling us thanks for the purchase.  Quality.Just say no to Coach.
5	Fabulous.  I'm not usually a big fan of Burberry but their latest goodies are far more edgy.   And hell, even the shopping bag and tissue paper are high quality.     Customer service was excellent, as it should be if yer dropping a metric f*ck-ton of cash.Bought my Warrior bag (sans trendy metal crap... mine is plain black leather) and matching wallet here.   Happy birthday to me.Be aware that the Burberry in The Palazzo and the Burberry in Caesars can have different selections...
4	Just as nice and about half as large as all the major city stores like SF, Beverly Hills, and NYC.  I only come here to buy gifts for loved ones, inparticularly mom. So I am not really a shopper per se. The one in SF where I live will suit you just fine, except I have been a little annoyed by their sales staff there so now I just shop at the one in Vegas. This one is located in the original section of the Forum shops that connects from Caesar's Palace on the same side and less than a stone's throw from Wolfgang Puck's Spago. Joanna Hernandez is the one who always helps me, and her service is top notch. She even personally delivered my mom's birthday gift after her shift ended while we were eating dinner. I can't go to anyone else at Burberry but her for that reason alone.
5	If this is the one in Venetian, than I'm complimenting it. If not, go to the one there instead.I've been to quite a few Burberry's and this is the best one because of the service. I wouldn't consider myself a Burberry fan, but after my last time there, I'm becoming one.I bought a pair of sunglasses there, nothing fancy or anything. I was looking for a particular shade after seeing a pair in San Diego. All three reps went searching for me. Desperation for busy? Maybe, but it shows that they were at least willing to help. I honestly couldn't say no to the glasses: 1. because they were that hot! and 2. after the reps worked that hard, I would feel like a heartless cheapskate to say no. Less than a month later what do I get? A personal thank you card from the rep who sold me the glasses. It was HANDWRITTEN too, not some preprinted generic thank you card, but one personally written by the rep. I didn't buy anything super expensive and yet they worked for me and thanked me as if I bought out the store. Good service regardless of who and what you are tells me a lot about the standards and expectations there.Kudos to you Burberry!
5	400th Review!A British Luxury Fashion House! - What's not to Love?!I am girl who has very expensive taste and Burberry just happens to be one of my fave's brands.... It is gorgeous Plaid.. seriously, how can you not love it?!Nice store with a great selection of items, super friendly staff that don't give you "the look" because it is a hign end brand.The newest addition to my wardrobe super hot
5	took my team to las vegas to celebrate a good year of lots of hard work and ended up with an hour or so to kill before we all went to see Mystere. since we stayed at the bellagio, i was able to make it back and forth from Caesar's palace mall in time and bumped into burberry. normally don't review places like this but geez, what service.  i was due for a new wallet. the last one must have been made of cheap leather or something because it wore out too fast. i have a lot of burberry stuff and liked the looks of their wallets so was going to go with that.  made a pathetic attempt to wait for a sale by postponing my purchase till after xmas.  note to self: burberry wallets don't go on sale, ever. futile attempt to get a discount abandoned, i needed to haul my butt into a store to buy one at retail price. so here i am. and for buying a wallet, they really give you amazing service.  they sent me - not only thank you emails - but actually sent me a _handwritten_ thank you note , hoping that i was enjoying my new wallet from the sales lady that helped me, with her card included!  wow.  definitely a creative way of motivating people to come back to the store next time they visit vegas.
5	Classy.Friendly staff, they dont follow you like as if youre a theif *ahem..people in 90210..shame you!* I love expensive stuff, but too bad i cant afford them. so i like to window shop. haha. this is the best place to window shop because the staff treats you as if youre really gonna buy something. i feel special. no sales. bummer.
5	Service is the best. Thanks to Arnie. He is not pushy like most sales person. I came i tried on few coats, he is friendly never forcing anything. And then i left. The next day i went back  bought the coat from him. Never been to burberry store with a more friendly staff than this one. The store is not as big as the one on wilshire los angeles, but they can order anything if you are willing to wait.
5	Amazing customer service !! I had walked in to the store looking for a specific item. The item was OUT OF STOCK and was pulled out of the website just then. The lady at the store took my information and called me back a month and a half later stating that they had reintroduced the item on their website and she wanted to let me know. She was a Santa in disguise and her name is Leslie !! I would absolutely recommend this store against the other Burberry stores in LV.
5	I can die here anytime donning my coat/s...Burberry at The Shoppes is my favorite Burberry branch...sorry, SanFran...I love you too...but my girl, Melody just helps me every time...omg, no qualms on helping out...just pure genuine customer service... Melody  sincerely listens and checks all my items online (yes when I call them) or on the tablet when I'm in the branch...No sigh/irk moment from her ( we check a few before I purchase)...again, just genuine customer service.... Bought a few coats here via over the phone or in person, this is the best Burberry branch because of Melody....I've been a fan of Burberry for ages and started with purses..but when the love for coats started, it just blossomed....and I don't think it will wither any time soon...Love my plaid...love the buffalo horn buttons..even the jacquard lining...ahhh....my Burberry...even your name sounds so elegantly sweet...
