5	Service was awesome today I normally go sat night but May have to toggle 1130 service was great thank you for the great word recieved today and every weekend
5	The Church at South Las Vegas is the best place in the valley to be! Pastors Benny and Wendy Perez are amazing leaders with hearts for ALL people, saved and unsaved. Their drive and passion for leading people to Christ and shepherding His flock is unsurpassed. When we moved here from San Diego, we didn't expect for Vegas to be our permanent home. That changed when we found The Church. We love our church and our pastors, and there is no other place we want our family to be. Our children love it just as much as we do. Thank you Pastors Benny, Wendy, Mitch, Paul, Jabin, Henry and Rachel. We love you all!
5	greatest church EVER! gotta experience only ONCE and if you're REAL, THEN YOUR SOLD.
5	Son, you have sinned too much, "You aren't dressed right", "you don't fit in", "you aren't acting as you should". These are all things that you WONT be told when coming to this church. I have been going to another church in the area for the last 3 years and one a whim decided to try out Church of South Las Vegas for a few reasons. One, I wanted something more schedule friendly since my only day off is Sundays and the other reason was I have been looking for a place that really puts an emphasis on the children. Yes, I understand that we are responsible for our children's growth but you cannot tell me that your children growing up in a church community that concentrates on them and puts as much if not more time into the youth as they do the adults is not a definite plus. We have been to two services so far one was Pastor Benny Perez in the Our House series and wow. I personally have not felt the overwhelming presence in a room like that in that last few years. and this last weekend a guest speaker that really put it on. 3 years ago I was in a spot that I was not sure if I would ever return to church at all. I did and recently I had found myself wanting more, wanting to be challenged and I think I have found that. Just this last weekend the fun fest that put on for the kids was awesome. I have really been missing things like that for my daughter who is 4 and my son that is 15 months. It could not mean more to me as a parent to have my daughter come to me almost every night of the week super excited and asking to go to the "new" church. She really enjoys her time spent in the children's programs, especially since they have a praise and worship time for the kids and anyone that knows my daughter knows she loves to sing and dance. I am very excited about this new part of our life and cannot wait to see what is to come. I have listened to almost all of the podcasts and recent messages on the website and I am digging Pastor Benny's style.
3	The music was just way too loud.  Much too loud.  I'm 30, I enjoy drums and electric guitars in my worship music, but this was much louder than it should have been.Henry Sneed, an Associate Pastor, was preaching the Saturday night I went.  I liked him.  He spent a good amount of time actually referencing the bible.  He was interesting and animated.The pastor did mention that he believes in other pastors (maybe himself too, he didn't say) having the ability to prophesy.  This is just something I don't personally believe in.  I feel most of the time it's a way for greedy men to make money and for powerless men to pretend they have an ounce of God's power.Also to the man wearing the Dodgers hat, I understand you need God more than anybody, but would it kill you to take your hat off indoors?  Especially in a place of worship?But anyways....music....too loud.
3	It's time for me to write some reviews of the churches i've attended since living in Las Vegas full-time ( 2006 ) My church reviews are limited to Sermon attendance on either Saturday, Sunday or Wednesday but primarily Sunday.  Also, another confession - i have yet to "formally" commit to any specific church ( I won't bore you with the details as to why. ) I've attended The Church three times and i just haven't felt  the message by Pastor Benny.  I did observe many in attendance were in tune with the pastor's words but for me, it just didn't resonate.The music was decent but i sense they do not play music of  the contemporary christian artists ( maybe they write their own songs ??)Not sure what to make of what i've read about the financial issues of the Church ( at least what i read last year - maybe its water under the bridge now ) - I hope it's all good now since it's clear many call this church their home.
4	Moving across the country and leaving your church family behind is not an easy thing to do. I'm really glad we found The Church of South Las Vegas and Pastor Benny Perez. I love the ambience they've created in the sanctuary, and the message is hard-hitting each and every week. The congregation is very diverse culturally, which we absolutely adore and there's an extremely active social calendar to truly get you involved in what God is doing here in the valley. I'm excited to see the big things that are to come for The Church at South Las Vegas. We can't wait to dig in and get involved. :)
5	Love The Church LV!  They have a great worship team!  Pastor Benny always has a great message, that is relevant to current times. I like that he uses life experiences to help with his teachings.  They are currently planning the expansion of our campus which is walking distance from the current location.  I don't have kids but have volunteered in the children's area and the teachings are great and age appropriate.  The kids have their own worship services as well performed by kids who have grown up in the children's ministry. On Wednesday's during the school year they have Real Women which includes a potluck style snacks, worship, and teachings that are geared towards women.  Day care is provided during this time.   This is great to meet other ladies from the church.
5	This is a church full of God's love. I was attending off and on for a year or so when I fully committed myself and started serving in the children's ministry. I adore the pastoral team here at the Church LV. You might read some complaints about the church on either a super religious scale or a cultural one. Religiously, I've heard (and read) "speaking in tongues" or the gifts of the spirit is not something they believe in and the worship experience is "too loud." some people enjoy a quiet church. It's hard to leave what you know or we're raised into. It was hard for me with a Pentacostal background. I love the focus on groups outside of the services and how involved the church is with the community. The sermons are so relevant to my life and with what's happening with the world today.           I don't remember Pastor Benny specifically preaching on any specific sin (which is what I grew up with). He has undergone hate mail and email from religious people saying he is not "hard on sin." I have heard plenty of messages about the goodness of God and his grace and I can tell you a better man writes this review today.           If you are shopping and for churches and you don't plant your feet here at the Churchlv then that's okay, I hope you find what you're looking for. This church can be classified as a Nondenominational Charismatic Church, for those that want to have an idea of what to expect. You can also stream the sermons live online during 8:30, 10:00, or 11:45 Sunday morning services as well as the Saturday night 6pm worship experience. God bless!
5	I love this place!! I'm from LA I use to go to dream center at echo park. I have seen P. Benny at Angeles Temple (dream center)When I moved here i became a regular at Church LV and love P. Benny.
5	This was one of two churches that my family and I frequented when we first moved to Las Vegas in 2003. After a while my parents decided that The Church LV would become our new church home. It was hard for my dad and I to get used to the church style at first. The music was wasn't like the traditional gospel music that we were used to. But beyond that, my family and I all love coming to The Church LV! There's so many ways for people to get involved and connected; whether it be by being an usher, serving in the children's ministry, or even helping out and being a parking attendant. There's also various groups that members of the church form that people can join. If you need a church home then you should definitely give The Church LV a try! It's so diverse here and the pastors are craze amaze!
4	Visited from NJ. It's good church that preaches the Gospel appropriately. I'd go back again.
5	I'm so grateful for The Church LV! My life has changed for the best since I've came here. The leadership and Pastors Benny and Wendy Perez are amazing. There's many areas and events to get involved in to serve and grow. The worship experience is one you'll never forget, incredible worship and an incredible word from Pastor Benny. A great place with great people to do life with.
5	This church has changed my life forever grateful for our Pastors 4 experiences,  Saturday 6pm and Sunday 8am, 10am 1145am.
