3	This review is more about the process of obtaining a marriage license than of the building itself, but since marriage licenses are issued by Maricopa County, this was the closest location for us to go to.We arrived at 4:40pm... I had no idea what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised.  Once through security, I found the office and the paperwork needed... Kyle walked us through the process telling us that he loves his job because he gets to deal with happy people all of the time.  He apologized for the delay as their systems were slow, computer delayed printing, and credit card machine not functioning either.Aside from those things, the process was simple... We left the building a few minutes after 5pm with an official marriage license.  It will become active once it's signed by the rabbi on our wedding day and mailed back to the Clerk of the Court.  In addition, we were given a wedding present from the state of Arizona - a  "marriage handbook" that we have yet to explore!
5	This review is for the records department. I needed to update a record from a very old court case. This review is very long overdue; and I wish I could remember the gal's name in the record's department that helped me, because she was so friendly. She took my information and they needed to call me when the records arrived at their office. Sure enough, 2 days later, I received the phone call. I explained I couldn't get to the office for another week, and she said that was fine. When I did get to the office, she had everything ready and even worked to save me money by only giving me exactly what I needed. To be honest, I didn't expect good service for my request. It was old and really what do they care? However, I have nothing but positive things to say because they did care and they took the time and energy to provide a great experience.
1	Tried to get there first thing Wednesday morning to renew 4 passports @ 8:00 am and then off for a 9:15am dental appointment. There were 2 clerks working @ 8:00 am with 2 more @ 8:30 am. Appearantly Carmen had a money balancing issue from the day before and was dealing with that and built up a queuing line of 15 people while Isabella had to service everyone. I was starting to get very mad that we just wanted to get the passports renewed and go and then when the other 2 clerks came in they were trying to help Carmen with her issues rather than help the people that were waiting for passports and marriage license. We finally got helped at 8:45am by Isabella while the other 3 were still dealing with Carmen. If I could give them zero stars I would for the 3 and 5 stars to Isabella. Please wake up the people and have them see that people are waiting on spring break for these idiots to resolve their problems and service the people who pay their salary.These people reinforce the problem with city workers.
3	The process for getting a marriage license couldn't be any easier. We showed up around 8:30am.  There was a short line to get through security and the office to get a license (and passport) is easy to find.  The employees were quite pleasant and efficient.  We were in and out in less than 20 minutes.The process is simple.  Fill out a form.  Give the clerk your driver's license with the form.  Sign an affidavit and swear everything you filled out is true.  Pay the fee ($76 plus $27.50 for certified copies).  Take license.  It just needs to be signed by the bride, groom, witnesses and an officiant, and mailed back.
