5	By far the best one around
1	I have went to this location and the customer service is terrible.  The food is not bad but the people are very rude.  They got my order completly wrong,   forgot part of my order.  So with part of my order I drove back.  Asked the manager to give me the burritos that I asked for and to remake my order cause the food I had was going to be cold by the time I got home She refused.  So I paid for a part order and cold food that I had to heat up once I got home.  Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I won't be back....  My advice check your order before you leave.  Don't expect managment to try to make you happy.  The manager was a woman.  I would say lady but she didn't act like one.
4	Mmmm nothing better than a late night Filly-B run! Had three shredded beef tacos. High Quality with all of the ingredients that you love is what you get here! I know they are bad for me but they taste so good..nom..nom..nom..
4	Pollo asado (that's grilled chicken, whitey) burritos and quesadillas were bigger and better than i expected from AZ. You guys might want to check the kitchen staff for their papers, cuz the flavors were too good to be legal...someone here needs to be deported.
5	Woke up at 5 am craving a burrito and came here since it is open 24 hrs.  The place was clean and the staff was very quick, friendly and knew what they where doing and doing it well. Had the steak and egg breakfast burrito and it was awesome!  This is my new favorite spot to eat!
5	Lives up to the local fuss. Quick, cheap, tasty and one of the few fast Mexican food restaurants that utilize yellow cheese, which is my cardinal rule of good Mexican food.
5	Love this place , they have the best breakfast burritos ( about 5 bucks)  I have ate here at all hours and the food is always good.  Plus it is open 24 hours a day!
4	We go to this store because it's close to our house. The place is clean. They just got new tables and chairs. We love the breakfast burritos they offer. The lunch and dinner items are very good as well. The price is reasonable. They are open 24 hours. My first choice for a quick breakfast.
4	This place is the go-to fast food joint that is economical, and fantastic food every time.  I would have given it a 5 but the restaurant has a very casual bland dining area.
4	Love Filiberto's. I always make sure to get an Arizona burrito each time I'm in Arizona visiting some cousins.
1	Last  night I ordered the #17 two Chili Rellenos and #19 Burrito and Enchilada.  First, the enchilada, refried beans and rice were cold on both plates.  The green chilis were tough and needed a steak knife to cut.  The burrito must have been made by an Asian.  The only thing in it other than tasteless meat, was sorry onion and green bell pepper (like your last Asian dish).  NEWS FLASH:  NEW ASIAN AND MEXICAN VEGETABLES - ONION AND BELL PEPPER.  NO THANKS... I WILL eat at other places.
