3	If you smoke or want to learn how to roll your own cigarettes you should check this place out.  I just stopped in because I was in the center and it is between the Vietnamese restaurant and 99 cent store I was going to but it was kind of an interesting store to see.
5	THESE GUYS ARE GREAT!  theyhave a good selection and they are proced way better than trials or headquarters.  i have sent several friends down here and they have all walked away with some great peices!
5	Best selection and prices in the valley! Great service, and they have EVERYTHING!
5	They are the best smoke shop in town.  Great selection and prices, and the guys that work there are nice, and smart about the product they sell.
5	They have a variety of interesting things in this store. Not that I would purchase any... but I stop in quite often with my hubby to by cigs.  Everyone that works there is so nice and it's like an old style mama & papa business. That is what keeps us going back. There is something to say about friendly outstanding customer service!
5	A little further drive since we moved to Scottsdale, but we still happily make the trek.  The selection is great, and the people who work their care about the products they sell. If you want it, they will most-likely sell it. Very reasonable prices.
5	This is a great smoke shop with tons to choose from!  Great customer service, very helpful.  I liked how big and bright the place was, not all dark and seedy.  Even wound up splurging and getting myself a little birthday present since they were cutting me a great deal!  Will be back again and again!!!
5	Super friendly people. Had exactly what is to be expected from any good smoke shop. Tons of selection. Will be back!
5	I've been shopping here for a few years and this shop is the best. Fantastic prices, friendly staff, shelves full with great selection, open late. I'm always glad to support my local businesses!! Highly recommended!!
5	I visited several smoke shops before purchasing an e-cigarette 'starter kit'. This is THE place to go. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. The shop is well stocked and clean. The lighting is great which makes searching the merchandise easier. I highly recommend this establishment.
5	I love this place. This is by far the best smoke shop around. The crew there is very friendly....and willing to go above and beyond to make sure you get exactly what you went in there for
5	Love this smoke shop! My cigs are cheap and sometimes they have the cig reps in for extra discounts. Amazing selection of pipes, bongs and vapes. Great selection of incense and other accoutrements lol. Friendly staff, that recognize you after only two visits. I love a family establishment! Always a pleasure to pop in and be remembered :)
5	I really like this place. A nice selection, with a clean and well stocked shop. The staff  is ALWAYS friendly and very helpful. The owner is very humble and nice as well :) no wonder he calls it the best smoke shop in Arizona! Try this place out if you're looking for a quality smoke shop :)
