4	We were on the hunt for an awesome carpet cleaner due to puppy training and ended up here. We waited a good length of time while the 1 sales associate helped a couple of other customers - it was the weekend. The wait was pretty long and I was getting antsy. Antsy enough to walk out but we stayed.The guy was pretty good as far as demonstrating the various products that met our needs. He gave us a demo of a dry carpet cleaning system - NEATO, no more soggy socks or waiting for the carpet to dry with those other carpet cleaners. The price tag on the carpet cleaning machine was pretty high, but we figured after paying to rent a system and buying the necessary cleaning solutions it would be worth the investment and it has been. We use the machine a ton.The machine (as well as I'm sure many of their other products) comes with a 10 YEAR WARRANTY!!!! Just bring your item into the store and have it maintained! LOVE IT! During my many visits to the store to pick up the necessary cleaning solution I have seen other customers bringing in their products for upkeep. What a lovely service.The machine is totally worth the money. It does an amazing job...way better than any of those wet carpet cleaners and even better than having our carpets cleaned by professionals! All that money wasted on those services when this little gem of a machine was waiting at the store just around the corner. Guess I should give ya'll the name of the machine, it's called the Orbital.So happy with our product, the location of the store, and the expertise of the one-man show!.
1	I went here looking for items for my son's birthday - he loves vacuums, so we had a vacuum party for him. The salesman was very helpful and I ended up purchasing vacuum bags to use for the pinata. Unfortunately, there was a problem with the computer. It kept getting disconnected and so the salesman was unable to print me a receipt. I waited about 15 minutes for it to connect and then I had to leave. I asked if I could return the bags if I did not use them and he told me yes, as long as they weren't opened.To make a long story short, I went back to return the unopened bags and was told I couldn't because I didn't have a receipt. I explained the situation to the manager at the store and customer service online and nobody seemed to give a $%&*. I can't believe Oreck lost a customer over $16.
2	This is the first time I've had a bad experience at an Oreck store. My 6 year old sweeper suddenly began spewing dirt out. The bag wasn't close to full yet and it didnt appear anything was stuck. The sales associate without opening it up began to insist I needed a new roller brush for $40. When I showed him it looked fine to me and wouldn't that be covered by warranty, he got upset with me and began stomping around. I also showed him a warranty sticker from 2010 on the machine which stated that there was a new roller brush installed and also asked him to look up my Oreck warranty. He found my name in their system and then began shoving my sweeper at me insisting I just take it and leave then, since I obviously didn't trust him. This man was totally weird and his behavior and attitude felt very unprofessional.  I still like Oreck but do not recommend this store.
5	I have been coming to this place for many years now. My daughter bought me a great vacuum here one year for Christmas.It truly is a great vacuum.Every year they over a free tune up. Where they had always cleaned it up,changed the bag and made sure it was in good shape for me.Some years I had not taken it in,because I was traveling an incredible amount of time for work. So I had a cleaning service come in. Which they used their own vacuum.Last year I took it in and they kept it for 2 days and when I went to pick it up they had not changed the bag even..Hmmm,that makes me wonder if they did anything.Anyway,this time I took it in on a Saturday. The man working (who may of been the owner) said I will do it right now if you can just wait a few min.This was a first, usually I have to leave it.In a very short time he brought it out nice and clean,with a new bag and said it looked great.I bought some new bags and I was on my way. Fabulous!What a great experience.A few people came in after me. Which is even a better experience, because, he took the time to fully help me. If you are going to get an Oreck, this is the place to go.
5	I have shopped at the Oreck store since 2003, and my vacuum is still operational. They attend one customer at a time and give them their absolute attention. I love this. My vacuum was expensive but it works like new. Definitely worth your money.
