5	This place and these girls are amazing! Dayna did my spray tan and I can't wait to go back! Highly recommend!
5	I was nervous but upon entering the studio as this would be my first spray tan my nervousness quickly disappeared.    Bobbi who greeted me soon as i walked in was so kind and personable.  Dayna took me back to get started and she really made me feel comfortable.  She sprayed me down and told me how to take care of my new tan.  She took my my pale skin and turned it a lovely golden color. it was natural looking.  My tan was amazing.  It lasted for a good week or longer, didn't look orange or fake and quite possibly has made me addict.  What will make me keep coming back to them is that all of there products are organic and eco friendly. cant find that in many places  If you want the color without the sun damage or if you have a special occasion (Ii would highly recommend sunless glo thanks Dayna i love my new tan!
5	I am a traveling nurse so depend on sites like Yelp to find great places to go to. I am an Irish girl with red hair and blues eyes so needless to say tanning is not something my skin is capable of doing. I tend to choose places that are green or organic and when I read the reviews for this place and talked to the owner about their products on was impressed!! I have never had an airbrush spray tan before and this experience was amazing!! Bobbie was so amazing. She was very through. Stripping down in front of strangers is not something everyone is super pumped about doing but bobbie was so great. It felt like I was having a close friend spray tan me. She was professional and friendly. The best part is the tan!! It is even and looks so natural. She gave me a great tan that looks natural. No streaking, no orange color, just a beautiful natural glow. The price is also amazing!! She offers great deals and when you wrote a review she gives you and extra $5 off when you come back in the next time!! Can't beat that!! I will most definitely be going back for the remainder of my stay here. If you have an event coming up and want to look sunkissed go see the amazing folks at Sunless Glo!!
5	As an employee at Sunless Glo I am pretty picky about my spray tan. Happy to say the newest addition of our team knocked it out of the park! Love my tan! -feeling famous!
5	Loved my tan and had lots of compliments!
5	I love this place! The staff is very professional and they always make sure I get what I need. I am a male model and sometimes I have to make last minuet appointments before a photoshoot. The staff always works with me and my schedule. I highly recommend them to anyone!
5	I cannot say enough how awesome Bobbi is! She was so friendly and walked me through the whole process so I knew exactly what would happen. She made sure that the color she used was perfect for me and I didn't have one splotchy spot on my body. My tan looked so natural and lasted 7 days until it faded evenly. I made the mistake of trying another place closer to my work and I learned my lesson to stick with what works! Cannot wait to get my tan on again with her!
