5	I finally got my chance to check out Xtreme Couture in Vegas, when I was visiting for UFC 74. At the same time I also attended the Eddie Bravo seminar at Xtreme Couture. Anyone who trains in any martial arts knows that's its extremely hard to find a martial arts gym with this much space, equipment, quality instructors, and being this clean all at the same time.   Xtreme Couture has a very military theme, which is interesting, and better than nothing since most MMA gyms are usually a strip mall location with a bunch of mats, with a few punching bags, mits, and pads stacked in the corner. and if you're lucky will have some rotting weight training equipment in the corner..and if extremely lucky maybe a ring or part of a cage.   Xtreme Couture has a good size ring AND cage to train in, a matted area with a long line of bags, a bunch of pads to work with, and a seperate matted room for jiu jitsu. Oh and a good amount of weight training and cardio equipment that all appear to be in good working and cosmetic condition. Oh and there were showers, clean bathrooms, and a pretty good size pro shop as well.  Although I did not look for it..i'm pretty sure there's a sauna for weight cutting. Overall, I was very, very impressed by the facility.  Sadly I have not taken any classes at Xtreme Couture, but from what I remember the monthly prices are a bit higher than most MMA gyms. However, with most mma gyms you may require a membership to a seperate gym if you desire decent weight training equipment.  However, you're lucky again if you're mma gym is being taught by maybe one professional mma fighter. Xtreme couture has a very impressive roster of instructors many of which are well known professional fighters.   My only concern with Xtreme Couture is that given the amount of pros out of this gym and the popularity of it's fighters. My guess is that the classes are quite packed so 1 on 1 time may be hard to get. As well as time in the ring/cage if you desire it.   If you live in Las Vegas and desire some training in MMA, I wouldn't hesistate to give Xtreme Couture a try.~G
5	checked it out... its Randy's spot.. along with alot of elite MMA fighters.Learn from some of the top MMA fighters in the world.Price is above.. but look who you are training with.
5	This place is amazing!!!  There are classes throughout the day and even though the pros train there, it feels surprisingly comfortable to workout there as a female.  It's the largest MMA gym in Las Vegas (I checked out the others) and the staff is great.  I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to get in shape and enjoy their workouts at the same time.
5	The Brand Name is backed hard by quality.I love martial arts and have studied at many places since a young age, and also have experience professionally instructing. Needless to say I am pretty particular in where I go. But with Xtreme Couture I get Top notch training, great physical work outs, and most importantly a great opportunity to learn and grow. And if you're just curious to dip your toes into what Jiu-Jitsu is, or how to box, or even just a new fun way to stay in shape they do a great job at mixing it all in with an egoless environment full of excellent coaches to fellow members. I've been a member for almost three years and have never experienced a problem with any bad attitudes or drama. And if you're looking for a good talent pool of guys to work with or a place to really grow as a martial artist you really can't go wrong. They offer a very flexible schedule of classes during morning and night, they also do private lessons in the disciplines of your choice. As far as the rates go they have plenty of plans with & without contracts that are very reasonable, especially if you compare it to other places in town. Besides the quality and diversity of high level instructors is invaluable and the Gym is HUGE & fully loaded with amenities. There are 2 official size Boxing Rings, 2 different regulation size Octagons, 2 huge mat/heavy bag areas, I privtae mat area, and a general fitness area(Treadmills, Bikes, Weights, Benches, etc.). Sorry for the long winded review but I am very passionate about Martial Arts and highly recommend you give Xtreme Couture a try =)
5	Great gym!!!
5	The boxing class was great with Ron Frazier. I was visiting Vegas and thought taking the class would be good and it truly was!!
5	Anyone who says anything remotely negative has obviously never trained here.  You can't argue with the pedigree that Xtreme Couture carries, with fighters such as Gray Maynard, Martin Kampmann, Mike Pyle, and Jay Hieron training here on a daily basis.  With the recent expansion doubling the size of the gym, there really is no place I would rather train.  I am incredibly lucky to train here with world-class coaches and fighters.
5	This review is for the Xtreme Couture MMA camp.  Randy Couture hosts these camps about twice per year and they are limited to 40 people.  My significant other recently attended the camp and had nothing but positive things to say about the experience.  Not only did he receive instruction from top trainers, but Randy also provided the attendees with coaching and took the time to talk to every one in the class.  I watched a couple of the sessions and was amazed at how large and clean the gym area is.  I have been inside several MMA gyms and most are much smaller and don't always smell so great.  Not only is the gym extremely nice, but Randy Couture seems to be a class act.   He definitely wants to go back for another session.Additional note--the gym also sells punch cards that allow people who are just visiting the area to drop in and train.
5	Firstoff, I must warn that this is going to be a very long review, but hopefully for those that stick with it, it will be a useful one. I have been to many gym/academies/stables/whatever-you-want-to-call-them in my lifetime; none have been as good as Xtreme Couture MMA. I will stick to the grappling and facility/staff, and later when I have more firsthand experience with the stand-up I will update. BJJ: Vinny Mag. It does not get any better than the reigning ADCC Heavyweight Champion teaching you BJJ; it truly doesn't. He is laid back and ultimately helpful with advice on how to clean up your technique so you can fix happy accidents that exist in your game. He has promoted none to Black Belt so maybe you can be the first, if that is your thing.Catch Wrestling/Submission Grappling: Neil Melanson. What an absolute monster. The stuff you will learn with Coach Neil will open up your game to a whole new level of ultra aggressive grappling and his Pro team and regular classes is populated with tough, challenging rolling partners. Try to make it on the Pro team if you can. He has promoted only three individuals to Black Belt: Randy Couture, Patrick Begin, and Frank Trigg. One could be in worse company for sure. Pat also instructs classes that are really beneficial for improving grappling skill.Facility: Four different showers with soap dispensers that always contain the finest smelling soaps so you can not only avoid the dreaded staph but smell better than a bag of shit after leaving the gym. The giant training areas are self-explanatory: big cages, big rings, big mat areas and a small one upstairs. A sauna with a radio and clock attached to it. A SAUNA! Maybe I need to visit more than just BJJ academies because I had never been a member of a gym or even visited one with sauna for members. This thing is not for octogenarians to sit around and chat about their prostates, like you will find at Gold's or 24Hr Fitness, where it is set so low you cannot use it to cut weight. This motherfucker heats up. I cannot recall exactly how high it goes but lets just settle on hot. Rowing machine and other stuff I would never use. Full athletic therapy setup where you can get massages and so forth but I have never used that either (I believe it is complementary for members); try and find that at another gym. Microwave so you can heat up your leftovers you brought in. If I left anything out, go check it out for yourself.- EPostscript. They always run ridiculous promotions that make it a no brainer to sign up; all up on their website.
5	I came here in search of getting my son some MMA training. So whereas most or all of these reviews are about getting yourself trained at Xtreme Couture, this one is about taking your kid there.Everyone at XC was great. Amanda at the front desk answered all of our questions honestly and was very thorough in her presentation of the gym. She introduced us to our son's potential coaches and we got three free classes to see if he was age appropriate. She and everyone at the gym were open to trying my son who was barely eligible (5). The coaches were excellent in dealing with the kids; we went to both Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai classes and not only were the coaches good with kids they were clearly teaching them at a high level and not just babysitting them. Weird aside: I was surprised at how well the kids were welcomed by what is an elite group of gym goers. My child got patted on the head alot; in a good way. The vibe in here is about as friendly and as welcoming as you could hope for in a fight gym.The facility itself is just worn enough to be a real fighting gym but is overall very clean, well organized and has a spectacular sense of history. Many of the greatest have trained here (not to mention it's eponym) and you really feel excited about being in a temple of mixed martial arts while you're here.The sad temporary end to this story is that it came out pretty clear that my son is not quite ready for MMA training; all the coaches were extremely open to teaching him and I have no doubt they would have done their best but we decided to wait a couple more months and work on his attention and his handling of structure. This really bummed me out as we had such a great experience. Also, and this was kinda surprising, after seeing how much fun the adult classes were, and not just the fitness ones, the real ones, I am now see why someone would want to focus on this at this level.Giant Bonus: The gym doesn't post prices, so I'm going to respect that and not post them here, but I was stunned at how reasonable they were. It's not cheap, but this is one of the most elite fighting gyms on the planet and everything I saw demonstrated this fact; all things considered the prices were surprisingly low.
5	This place has such a well rounded and extremely gifted coaching staff.  I joined this gym with wrestling, jiu jitsu, and a little bit of boxing experience, and I found myself being very challenged in all of those areas. It's a great place to go if you want to go to the next level in your fighting, whether you are just starting out or have been training for years. The "Bootcamp MMA" class, coached by John Hahn, has pushed me the hardest, and I am in the best shape of my life because of it. If you take your training and conditioning seriously, this is the place to be.
5	I visited Xtreme Couture on a trip to Las Vegas but I brought my gear because I like to train when I'm traveling.  I asked the cab driver to take me from my hotel on the strip to the gym but it took him a bit of effort to find the gym because it is in a remote area that is not easy to locate.  There does not seem to be much around the gym, coming from the city, this was not familiar with me.  I did not get to train at the gym because of conflict with the class schedule but I did take a fairly detailed tour of the facilities and observed the classes that were going on.  This place is a true MMA facility.  It is one of the most complete gyms I've ever been to and is well planned and maintained.  There is an army theme going on with green camouflage prints all over the gym from equipment to walls.  You will get a feeling of space as there are high ceilings so you don't feel claustrophobic like some gyms.  There is a full sized ring, octagon, grappling mat area with fence, viewing benches, apparel store, strength & conditioning equipment, sauna, and showers!  The youth boxing class I was observing was impressive with kids fully engaged with their coach.  I will surely check out their schedule the next time I visit and try out some classes!  This would be a great gym to train in for those in the area.  You owe it to yourself to check out this great training facility.
5	Best gym in Las Vegas. Thanks to the coaching staff I was able to improve as a wrestler and make the USAF wrestling team. Everyone is humble and friendly, the workouts are challenging and well organized, and the coaches CARE. Worth every cent.
5	Best gym in Las Vegas and I have been to them all... Lovely staff who treat everyone like family.
