5	can't say no to s_a_n_o..!
5	Stop in for lunch on a quiet Saturday.  Initially, we hesitated to do so b/c Yelp reviews for this place was slim.  We ordered the Greek salad, Tostada Pizza, and Penne with red sauce.  Greek Salad and thin crust pizza were both very good and flavorful.  We enjoyed the generous portion of mozzarella in the penne.  With flavorful food and generous portions, Sano was definitely a great find for us.  It was also a pleasant surprise to receive a 25% discount on our total bill.  With the on-going 25% discount, this is a great time to viva Sano a try.
4	I'm not sure why they changed the name of this place from red brick pizza to Sano Brick pizza.  Anyway, it's pretty good,  the staff are polite, and it didn't take long to get my pizza when I stopped in after a long bike ride.
5	I LOVE this place I'm a little addicted haha the pizza is too good and the people that work there are very friendly! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic, great tasting pizza! I'm so sad they don't deliver :(
4	A couple menus were dropped off at my workplace so I decided to give them a try. I ordered the Supreme Pizza. Loved it. All the ingredients are fresh, ordered some bread sticks as well. : ) I'm sure to be a regular. Haha.
5	The guys that work here, we're right. This pizza was delicious. I really like how they make the personal size pizzas as well. The dough wasn't rubbery, it was fresh and hot. And very good.
5	Excellent value, excellent customer service, excellent pizza. I came here with 7 co-workers and ordered for the bunch. One of the co-owners was working the register, and realized it was my first time here - he offered me 10% off the entire bill, outright, awesome start. He was super enthused about his product, and you could tell he really believed in it - "best Pizza in the valley." I figured I would be the judge of that.The price was certainly right, with all the specialty pizzas being right around $7 including a drink (about 8" round, cooked to order).I had the margherita, and it was fantastic. I always say the secret to a good pizza is in the sauce and crust, and they had both absolutely nailed - crispy thin crust (but not too thin), with a moist slightly doughy, but not too doughy center along the rim, and a perfectly savory/fresh pizza sauce (none of the sweet/tangy processed stuff here). The one tiny, tiny thing I would have improved would have been to bake the pizza with the tomato slices on top rather than adding them after, as a matter of personal preference, but it wasn't enough to detract from this amazing pizza, that I am craving as I write this review.Will be coming here regularly for my pizza fixes in Phoenix.
1	This place was awful, just awful. 1) Value is horrible. The prices look good but the pizza sizes are actually VERY small. A large at sano is maybe a medium at normal pizza shops at best. I usually get 2 larges for my family, 2 larges from sano did not feed everyone like usual.2) They are very skimpy on toppings (we got meat lover pizza). 3) Very little sauce on the thin thin crust. 4) Taste was average. Overall my whole family was very disappointed. We had to go somewhere else because our order was way too small. pizza wasn't even good. will not be returning. EVER. I can see someone eating here if they were eating alone. the sizes are just so tiny which makes it seem like a great value.
5	This is by far the best pizza I've found yet here in Phoenix, and that says a lot coming from a NYC transplant! The food was wonderful, made with all fresh ingredients, including homemade sauce. The service was awesome and the place exceptionally clean. These folks could certainly teach a few things to other restaurants about hospitality and customer service!!
4	This place is really good and has great prices. I've been here for lunch a few times, as they are right by my office. However, they DO NOT understand what dressing on the side means. Instead, they drench your entire salad with way too much dressing. I, as well as a few of my coworkers, have asked them to put it "on the side" multiple times and they just don't get it. Pizza is delicious though.
5	You wont find better.  Incredible service, great pizza, and by far fair prices.  Freshest ingredients.  A true pizza oven, and very clean environment.   The people that work there are the icing on this cake.  Down to earth, and genuinely kind/funny. Make sure you go there and have a comment on Nebraska Huskers....lol
5	Totally new taste!! Sano's is not greasy heavy gut bomb pizza. The ingredients are fresh and tasty. The crust is light with a crunch on the outside and chewy on the inside. All the pizzas we've tried have been delicious. Highly recommend.
5	Best pizza anywhere even close to Lavven. People were nice, food is great and only took 10 minutes for two pizzas.
4	That is one pretty pizza! I mean PERFECTLY round! Great crust! Good pizza! The staff are super friendly! Try the lunch special it comes with a small pizza and a soda! Not bad for the wallet! Clean establishment.
5	We ordered chicken tostada pizza and BBQ chicken pizza along with a Greek salad. Great pizza, they delivered to our hotel room. Would order again.
2	Not good. The crust is fine but the fixings are not. The cheese is not authentic mozzarella, it's cheap mozzarella that is manufactured with oil. This causes a congealed transparent look when it cools down. The sausage crumbles are cheap. Real sausage becones firm when cooked, the sausage used is oily and a soft texture. I would have given one star but my boyfriend got the pizzandwich which was much tastier than my pizza. If you stick to just the pizzandwich then it's 3 stars.
5	This place is awesome! Delicious food, friendly service and prompt! Love the gluten-free crust, it's much better than most GF crusts I've tried. If I lived in the area I'd eat here more often, but I definitely make a stop here whenever I'm in town :)
3	Small mom and pa place it seems like .. Was at lunch with family and she recommended it , im on a diet so had a salad which was good .. nothing to brag about but ok .. When I can eat pizza ill try again and give a better review .. Great service and a really clean resteraunt though!
1	Just moved into the neighborhood and looking for a good pizza place, read good reviews on Yelp so wanted to try Sano's for the first time today but unfortunately I can't because I've been trying to call for delivery but cannot get through to anyone. Been calling constantly, it rings but no answer! It's a bummer I can't get a hold of them!!
5	Have to say this is the best pizza in the area! Staff is always friendly and has always been welcoming. Outside there are a few tables where you can also eat if you don't want to eat inside. My children beg to come and eat here. Have yet to come across another pizza joint that has come close to the taste of Sanos. We love there pizza. The crust, the cheese,  the toppings all so yummy. This is the only place where my family and I go where there are no left offers. I usually don't write reviews but when it comes to this pizza it's such a treat. I had to let everyone know.
1	Sign on the door said something a about the lease. Not sure if closure is permanent.
