5	Ladies, go here. From the first interaction with Flash's owners: Melissa and Tina, I knew this was going to be a great time. Just looking at their website you can see what beautiful work they do. They took me on a tour of the studio and then had me lay out my outfits and piles of high heels (yes, I'm kind of a shoe addict) and helped me pick out the most flattering outfits for my pictures. Have I ever done anything like this before? no! Was it enjoyable and easy? Yes! Do they offer you champagne to help put your nerves at ease? yes...yum!After my session was over they gave me a sneak peek of some of my pictures and I am super excited to get them!! Forget the usual watch/tie/etc gift that you get for your boyfriend/husband...THIS is what he wants! Besides, every girl should have the chance to get totally pampered beautiful and have some gorgeous photographs to look back on. I'm really glad I took the chance to do it this year....it really was a good motivator to not only get some extra toning in (uh oh...three months until I standing in skimpy outfits in front of the camera!) but also to have something memorable as I get older....because let's face it, nobody has learned how to turn back time on our age...haha :) Totally worth the drive up from Tucson!P.S. I saw photos of women of all shapes/sizes/ages in their studio...they really are talented at bringing out the gorgeous in everyone....will update my review after I see the final product :)
5	Melissa and Tina are amazing at what they do! They are both very passionate and their studio is awesome. If you want to get some awesome photos taken for your man from the best in town, go to Flash Boudoir!
5	I was trying to think of a fun way to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday and thought he might enjoy a totally different kind of gift!  I was hesitant about doing boudoir pictures but Melissa is a friend of mine and I know that she takes fabulous pictures!  The whole experience was wonderful!  I cannot say enough positive things about it!  Tina and Melissa helped me pick out what to wear (I brought about 10 different things), and suggested backgrounds and poses.  I felt totally comfortable, and relieved that they knew just what I should wear and how I should pose.  I was treated to champagne and they really helped me feel very relaxed during the photo shoot.  Tina and Melissa are very professional, creative and amazing!!!!  They have great ideas and it is obvious how much they enjoy what they do.  Their studio is beautiful and filled with incredible photos that they have taken.  I was very impressed by the work they do!I was so excited to get my photos and chose an album of 10 pictures to give my husband.  He was completely shocked to say the least!  It was such a fun surprise!  He has not stopped talking about the pictures and loved them!  It was a fun thing to do and definitely a gift that he will never forget!  :)  I highly recommend doing this ladies!  You won't regret it!
5	I'm so glad I found this amazing Studio!  Tina and Melissa are absolutely amazing and talented.  I wanted to have some beautiful sexy yet tasteful photos taken for myself and to also share with my hubby.  I was able to make an appointment for my shoot pretty quickly and took the time to explain what to expect for my shoot.  Upon arrival (with my small carry-on suitcase) Melissa welcomed me in.  They keep the studio locked while a shoot is in process to avoid interruption.  I was pleased and felt comfortable immediately.  My pictures turned about even better than I had imagined!  I'm ready for some "special" holiday pictures now!
5	It was a great experience, if my husband wouldn't of bought the session for me I would of never done it, but I'm glad he did. It was a relaxed atmosphere and very comfortable setting. The pictures were AMAZING!I look forward to doing it again, soon! Get enough pictures for a calendar for a xmas gift for my wonderful husband!Thanks again....
5	Want to make your man happy?  Go here!I bought the groupon to use here and I think it was the best deal I ever got from Groupon.  I worked with Tina for my photo shoot.  I wasn't really sure about doing photos in lingerie but she was nothing but professional with me.  I laid out my outfits with her, tried them on and she helped me select what flattered me most.  During my shoot I was offered water, champagne and chocolates.  I wasn't so sure about my photos at the end of the shoot so she uploaded them on the computer and showed me how she could edit them to take away some of the flaws I saw in my body.  I can not wait to see my finished product.  This is going to be a surprise gift for my husband before he deploys.  I think he will be VERY happy with the finished product.  Who doesn't want to be a sex symbol to their spouse?
4	Getting an appointment was a little rough, but they called as soon as someone cancelled to fit me in last minute (thankfully!).  I found it a little strange that they called me at 8pm on a Friday night, and again at 830am the next morning (odd business etiquette?) I arrived with me mum and guns in tow and they girls seemed super excited to work with me.  I'm not to sure who was who, I don't recall an introduction, but these women have a really great business going on.  They're totally professional, guided me through tons of different poses, and made me feel beautiful.  I CANNOT wait to see my final products and put in an order for a sexy little book!! This is a great way to capture your beauty.  I'll be proud when I'm old and grey and my daughter can look back and say "damn mom! I had no idea!"100% Recommend Flash Boudoir to anyone of any size any color.  The re-touched photos (before and after book) are pure art work, and capture each persons best features.
2	quality of photos is great. Professionalism of the photography session itself is good, they are very good at making you feel relaxed and helping you pose, etc.The photos are extremely expensive. And yes, I've had photos with other photographers, none charged close to this price.The reason for the 2 stars: Extreme order confusion and delay in getting my prints. They are doing multiple living social deals, all with different offers and they can't seem to keep track of who has what package.I had my photos done in Oct, ordered the prints in Nov. I emailed in Dec (hoping to have them for Christmas, they said they were busy) and then in Jan checking on the status of my order. In Jan they had no record of my order so then I had to resend them my email order. Then they tried to tell me I owed them more $$ (this was a living social deal). Argued over that for a bit. Then they finally tell me Feb 2 they sent my order. I received them on Feb 14. The living social deal included champagne and chocolates during the photo shoot, I didn't see either. My order included 5 digital images, I only received 4. Honestly I'm just tired of dealing with them. Yes, I would recommend them if you want to spend  over $500 on some pre-wedding prints or something of that caliber but I would also allow 4-6 mos for processing. Also be ready to keep on top of them and to keep track of exactly what you order.
5	I have always been a bit modest, so when I bought the a groupon for a sexy photo shoot, I knew I stepped way out of my comfort zone and I was nervous.  When I called to schedule my appointment, I was told they were booked til after my groupon expired, so they were extending it, which I thought was lovely.  The girl on the phone was super nice and asked if I wanted to add hair and makeup, which I immediately said yes to. I also added on an outfit change, woohoo!  After booking my appointment, I was emailed a list of what to wear and what not to wear and other important tips.  When the day finally arrived, I was super excited, but still a little nervous.  When I got there, the makeup/hair chick was super cool and helped ease my nerves.  She was fun to chat with and we were cracking up while she curled my mane.  I usually am pretty minimal with my makeup, so I almost crapped at the amount she put on my face, but she said it looked better to have more on in the photos.   Then Melissa showed up (my paparazzi) and she was super nice, too.  She showed me around the studio and I showed her the outfits I brought and we talked about what we were going to shoot first and background colors, etc.Now, clearly, I'm not a model...however, she gave really helpful directions and made it a little easier for me to pose for the camera. Well, a glass of Champagne was also included in the shoot, so that helped a little, too:)  After the shoot, I sat down with her and we looked through all of the photos and chose my faves for her to email to me for me to decide which ones I wanted prints of.  They just arrived in my inbox yesterday and the little lady and I looked them over together.  Needless to say, it's going to be hard to pick just a few, as I really love a lot of them!  They did a great job making me look hot!  Oooh la la!
1	A friend and I purchased the a couple groupon's for this studio.  Both times we had to go back to the studio and ask to see all of our photos in order to be able to find a few that we liked.  Both times we ordered our prints they left our a photo from the original cost, and told us that we never ordered the photos they left out.  They also did not make all the corrections that we asked for. For example to remove tan lines.  I would highly recommend bring in your personal lab top if you order a CD of your photos to review your photos before you leave the shop, I would also recommend that you double check that they included all the photos you ordered.Do not try calling this studio if you would like a response your best chance is to email them.  I found that this is the only way they would communicate.  Very unprofessional for a business. I would not recommend this studio to anyone.  They are one of the most over priced and difficult studios to work with.  Many other boudoir studios offer groupon and livingsocial deals.  When purchasing one of these make sure you know the pricing of there products before you buy.  Many studios will give you a CD with all of your photos on it.  Flash boudoir charges 140 for 4 photos .Overall very disappointing experience will never go here again.
1	As a follow up.  The images that were purchased where done so strictly because the deals that were purchased for the studio included an amount to be used for images.  I would also like to point out that no not all corrections were made on my photos when I was told they were ready for pick up. The only reason they were corrected is because I reviewed my photos in the studio.  In fact they did not include all images that I had ordered on the finished product CD.  Though I will say that once this was pointed out to them it was immediately corrected.  In response to my requests being unusual for their clients that may be true.  But so you can understand what I was asking for here were the requests I made.  To me they did not seem to be anything that anyone else would not request. Image 1 - please blend all tan lines, and remove breast and neck crease, remove shadow at the bottom of the right eye and lighten the shadow around the point of the eye curving to the top of the eye, smooth the creases in the corset around the front arm and waistImage 2 - please fix all tan lines both on me and me in the mirror, please remove the white wall strip, and lighting leg seen in the mirror, lighting shadow in right eye corner, smooth our crease under left breast in corset, smooth the top of the left breast next to the arm pitImage 3 - please smooth out breast creases, remove cord across the bottom of the photo, please make my breasts fuller so there is no huge gap between themImage 4 - please fix tan lines, breast creases, and creases on corset around waist, remove the shadowing under left eye and lighten shadowing around the inside of the left eyeImage 5 - please remove the lighting stand from behind the black fabric, please remove the white wall fixture along the middle of the wall and white floor board, remove the shadow cast from the black fabric I don't know about anyone else but I don't want my eyes to look like I have black eyes.  I also don't want photography equipment to be seen in my photos. I will also say that when I went in to pick up the last of my photos, I was told that I was  "extremely rude" for writing my first review.  I was then handed my photos and told "goodbye".
5	1. Extremely professional.-I was nervous about this bc I am modest.2. Quality customer service.-They were very prompt at emailing back to any requests including rescheduling of my appointment twice and any other questions I had.  They also were accomodating scheduling my friend and I together with back to back appointments.3. Quality photographers-I was shocked at how many pictures I wanted to order.  It was hard to choose because I had so many favorites and I didn't even have an outfit change.-They make you look beautiful and sexy, but not trashy...that is a tough job!-Final order came out just as I wanted and expected.  Beautiful pictures and they followed all of my requests for retouching.  Before they order anything you approve all of the retouched pictures and make sure you are happy with them.4. Pricey -This is the only negative.  You have to pay for each print or item.  The price structure basically works that you might as well get an item and then they give you a CD with any proofs that you used in your order.  This was disappointing because I wanted all of my proofs but simply couldn't pay for all of them.  I had bought a groupon and it was my own fault that I didn't read the fine print.  However, the saying "you get what you pay for" with photos is true.  They do great work, and you have to pay for it.
