4	We weren't sure what to expect, but we left happy! They have an assortment of breads, sweet baked goods (cinnamon rolls/cookies/etc), and create-your-own sandwiches.We both got sandwiches and were happy (~$6 per sandwich). He had a grilled sandwich on white bread; I had a cold light wheat sandwich. Mmm, I love wheat  bread!
4	Simple... and fabulous. Fresh bread, fast and friendly service and reasonable prices are what makes me go back to Great Harvest whenever I am hungry and in the area. When you enter Great Harvest, one of the friendly staffers will most likely offer you a free slice of bread. Can't beat free! The only food served here are sandwiches, although they do have some shelves with different spreads for their breads and yummy looking breakfast cereals. Sandwiches are ordered piece by piece... Meaning you pick your bread type, your cheese, your meat, and your toppings individually. They also have the best chocolate chip cookie I have had in a long, long time.
5	Want warm and fuzzy....how about the fresh smell of baked bread!Walking into Great Harvest Bread is like walking into your grandma's kitchen on "bread" day. The store is very warm and inviting with all kinds of breads displayed that have been freshly baked that day. Overwhelmed at what to buy...don't be. They  give FREE samples every time you come in.I have only tried two breads from here so far and am addicted1) Pumpkin chocolate chip bread - it will change your life! It is so good that I will probably give everyone I love it over the holidays. YUMMY! ($7.00)2) Cinnamon Sugar Spice loaf ( I got a free sample of this one) It is so tasty, sweet and buttery. Delicious.GHB sells made to order sandwiches as well that I am yet to try but will in the future.All I know is that these breads really RISE to the occasion! :)
4	i come here often for the fresh bread. i love crazy things like sunflower seeds and flax all with wheat. i don't mind paying up to 6 dollars for a loaf of bread if i love it and that i do with this little bundle of carbs. (good carbs though! promise!) as soon as you walk in they offer you a slice (more like a chunk, but I'm not complaining!) of one of their breads offered that day.my three favorites of the healthy loaves being flax oatbran, dakota, and the high 5 fiber. the cinnamon swirl always makes me want to buy a huge loaf of it and warm it up topped with some vanilla ice cream. i'm sure it would be good right now with the holidays! i would go and try a chunk of it if i were you. they have sweet and savory breads, so whatever your little tastebuds desire that day you can get your fix!i have never had any of their sandwiches made in shop, but i can only imagine the love i would have for them. also make a note that they are closed on sundays.happy loafing! be sure to get a punch card because i am sure you'll be back.
4	Mmm Great Harvest!!  Fresh, yummy bread and free samples.  Does it get any better?  Pumpkin bread, sour dough bread, cinnamon raisin bread... it's all good.  But really, my favorite is just their standard light wheat bread.  So soft and delicious and I don't feel quite so guilty eating all those carbs when I know it's made from super fresh ingredients and no preservatives.The only thing that keeps me from giving Great Harvest 5 stars is their sandwich prices.  Don't get me wrong... their sandwiches are really fresh and delicious, but they're smallish and are pretty much just like something you'd easily throw together at home.  For $6-$7?  That's pretty steep!  Even with fresh-made bread holding it together!
3	Great service, Great smell of bread, Free samples, cant go wrong here.The one thing that made it one star less than a perfect five was the breads they had on sale made specific to each day. i was craving the walnut coconut bread (as I saw on the menu). Come to find out that it was only made on tuesdays and sundays. :(I got another bread to sub for the bread I wanted. Its not the same. Also, I find it weird that they closed the store when they sold out of bread. I thought whoever owned the business should know what their sales are per diem and make enough product for that day. I guess they dont teach franchisee's cost management  info.
1	First let me say I will never come back to this place and they jacked my Coach sunglasses!! I was impressed upon initially walking in b/c it smelled great. They offer you a free taste of bread as you walk in. My bf went w/ red, white and blue. It was good but not spectacular. I went w/ Coconut Walnut. OMG really good. but the service RUINED it for me. We came in for a brkfst sandwich of which they only have 2 options eggs and ham or eggs and bacon - seems simple enough right? you also (acc'd to the paper you write your order down on yourself ) to add tomato or green pepper. Odd combo but ok. mybf ordered 1) ham, egg, cheese, tomato and green peppersme i ordered:2) bacon, egg, cheese and green pepperswell first she came back .. do you want cheese? yes.. i circled cheddar.. okthen she came back.... we are out of wheat bread do you want another?well.. yeah (i dont want to eat a bread free sandwich)... what do youhave?her: we have xyz and soudoughme: ok Ill have soudough (my bf ordered white)we finally get our order - both were on sourdough I might add.. Neither had tomato or green peppers... my bf took his bk and asked about it and she just looked @ him and said well.. what do you want me to do?the BF: he said well can you fix it? she started  um... well.. um.. and um... er... finally my bf just said well can you give it to me on the side? HER: yeah that's a good idea. you can see the photo on the side.I walked out and realized I had left my Coach glasses on the table. I went bk in and they were already gone. This was not a place I'd ever go back. After this neither of the girls would look us in the eye. it seemed like 2 girls that had no idea what they were doing.. One of them commented to my bf that they had been there since 5 am to bake bread.. um.. so that means its ok to mess up our order b/c you start your workday early? The fact this place was empty should've tipped us off. As we left there was an elderly couple walking in, I said whatever y ou do just stick to the bread - the sandwiches are TOO COMPLICATED for them to make and they've been working since 5 (she said it, me.. so this was not an insult, just a disclaimer I was passing along)
4	Next best thing to a neighborhood bakery.  The specialty breads are good. The simple sandwiches are elevated because of the fresh bread. Customer service is great...can't go wrong with young, nice, pretty girls.
1	Imagine going to McDonalds for a Big Mac and finding out they've decided to only serve that particular sandwich (their most popular) once or twice a week.  That's what purchasing bread at Great Harvest Bread Company is like.  Well, no...that's what Great Harvest would be like if the girl behind the counter was flipping you off with a smile on her face at the same time.In my opinion, their best item (besides their oatmeal chocolate chip cookies) is their loaf of Cheddar Garlic bread.  It's quite possibly the only reason why I still stop by this place anytime I'm in the area.  However, it's been a few years and I figured they may have replaced that item in that time.  So, I called one of their locations and was told that they still serve that particular bread on Wednesdays and Saturdays.This past Saturday, my father was looking for breadbowls for a soup his wife had prepared and I suggested Great Harvest.  We walked in and each got our complimentary piece of bread by the rudest girl that I have ever been helped by.  I looked at their racks and noticed a lack of Cheddar Garlic bread.  At this point, my sister asked the same girl if they had any in the store to purchase.  She responded with a scoff..."I only make that bread on Thursdays."  Trust me when I say that you informing me that this item is unavailable will hardly lead to a meltdown on my part.  What I can't handle, however, is your show of annoyance at my inquiries and complete lack of customer service.  I not only won't be back, but I'll make sure to provide any friends, business contacts or general aquaintances with an alternative business that is only too happy to treat their customers as if they're actually wanted.
5	I'll get straight to the point. I walked in and was greeted by a super nice girl who immediately asked me if I wanted to sample any of their six or seven breads they had ready. I had a hard time choosing but eventually settled on the White Chocolate Cherry Swirl. She cut me a good one inch piece off and put a dab of butter and evened it all out for me. I realize this place has a religious affiliation but man oh man is their bread HEAVENLY. Soft and fluffy with bites of cherry to give it some crunch with the white chocolate so amazingly creamy. I was blown away. I had been wanting some ice cream or yogurt all day but after having some of this I was more than satisfied. At eight dollars for this particular loaf I can't say I will make this a weekly stop but every couple of weeks they can bet on seeing me in there. Great bread, Great service. Little bit on the pricey side but I think it's worth it. Especially when you get an entire loaf which will probably last you at least a couple of days unless you are like me and use it as a meal replacement.
5	If I could make bread like this I would open my own bakery and be awesome!  This bread is so delicious and their sandwiches are pretty great!  The price is right and they give you free samples of their amazing bread while you wait.  Big samples.  Like whole slices of bread, not mini little bites.  I don't eat a lot of bread so when I do, I want it to be worth it!  My wife also told me this place originated in Montana.  Anything from Montana is good in my book.  This place, Moose Drool, my Wife.  All top notch, and from Montana.
4	My three favorite things about entering a Great Harvest are: the warm greeting on initial entrance, the delicious smell lofting in the air, and the thick slice of fresh bread offered at the counter. The way Great Harvest prepares their breads is one of the reasons why it is worth every penny. When you break into any of their loaves, the bounty of ingredients is clearly visible. For sandwiches, I love to get their cheddar garlic and have them slice it up. With bread like this, it is unnecessary to add any cheese to the sandwich or anything besides protein and veggies. I could make a meal out of it on it's own. Then follow it with some of their Sin Amen Swirl.
5	You know when you really want a sandwich and you have that perfect image in your mind of this stacked up beauty of a creation?  It has that toasted bread, fresh colorful veggies and those perfect slices of cold cuts all stacked perfectly as if it's a tribute to the sammich gods?  That's exactly what they make here, it's the sandwich of my dreams a SILF if you will.  The consistency of quality here is amazing and I've never been disappointed by them at all.The staff always makes you feel welcome and greets you as soon as the door is opened, almost too early... I mean they're not quite waving at you as you park but they notice you right away.  They always offer a slice of their fresh baked breads and ask if you want a little butter on it.   The breads are perfect and there is really not trick to them at all, their secret is they just made the bread the way people used to.  No additives, no flavor enhancers, nothing besides quality ingredients and a staff that knows what they are doing.  As the girls behind the counter have been there as long as I have been coming I think they have it down by now.There is also an assortment of gift baskets, cookies, spreads and other nice touches that would be great for a gift or an office party.
5	I love Great Harvest for many reasons.  Reason #1 is that you can go in and get a free slice of fresh bread with butter--two of my favorite things.  I CAN live on bread alone, unfortunately.  Reason #2 is the pumpkin chocolate chip bread that they sell and this is the best time of year for that.  Reason #3 are the gift bags that you can get and give, especially during the holidays--I've gotten one at Christmas time for the past 4 years from my boss and I always look forward to the loaf of fresh wheat bread and 2 giant cookies nicely wrapped up for my enjoyment.  People love receiving delicious edibles and Great Harvest offers a selection that should satisfy anyone on your gift list.
5	DELICIOUS!  We went for the first time to grab a little snack. We were surprised that they offer a free slice of bread.  We bought a berry bar and chocolate chip scone...yummy.  For our free slices we tried the pumpkin spice and the cinnamon swirl bread.  These were heavenly. The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The restaurant was clean and enjoyable.  We can not wait to go back and try other goodies.
5	This was a little gem I found right by my house. They make all of their breads fresh daily and you get a free slice every time you go in, so you can try every bread you want! My mom and I ordered sandwiches and they were amazing! A bit pricey but I would rather get a sandwhich there then go to say Panera. Definitley try the white chocolate cherry bread and next time I go in I have my eye on the pumpkin choc chip bread! MMMMM!
3	I had this chain in Corvallis, OR and really enjoy the cinnamon rolls. Last time I was in I tasted the sourdough, strangely too sour for me but the fact that they bake fresh bread will keep me coming back when I'm in the area.
5	Nothing beats grandma's homemade bread...except the breads at Great Harvest. They know their stuff. Staff is so friendly. Met the owner today. Her joy and enthusiasm is infectious. You can tell she loves what she does and, boy, it sure translates. Don't forget to grab a free slice of bread.
1	Very over priced and crappy customer service not even a smile when I walked in I had never been there before and they acted like I put them out by asking questions. This place gives small business a bad name only reason for the 1 star is Starbucks is next door. And the day old bread racks were empty
5	Love this place!!When you go in wether  it is to look or order they give you a slice of homemade bread with butter as your there!! I have had sandwiches, rolls and bread from here and they all are fantastic..The service is always great and this time we were welcomed by the store owner in which he told us how they make the breads. They do the whole wheat there where in back they have an area where they grind the wheat etc by hand!!Awesome place and will always go back
5	Amazing. Customer service is the best and I will be returning for gift baskets each time I have a need. I was surprised that they give you such large samples of their bread. And it was delicious. The baskets hey custom made for us were affordable and very professional. Good job guys.
5	This is seriously THE most amazing bread shop and sandwich shop in town!!! I love it! Always such friendly staff and immaculately clean!
2	The bread here is absolutely outstanding! The pumpkin spice is one of my all time favorites and I have never had a better cinnamon roll!! However, I have gone the past 2 Saturday's around 8am (bare in mind they open at 6) only to be told they have no fresh bread (or any bread really for that matter) and wouldn't get a shipment in until 10 or 11!!! Such terrible business structure to have the bakery open but nothing to serve!! Was so broken hearted to walk away empty handed two weeks in a row!!!
5	Love this company. Bread is baked fresh daily. They sell there day old bread for 50% off. They have great lunch specials with sandwiches. I would recommend white chocolate cherry swirl or pumpkin spice for bread. But if u cant decide they will give u a free taste.
5	Omg, I don't know where to start. If you love bread and you want it fresh over the grocery store stuff, this is the place. I was in there last week and bought pumpkin bread along with apple cinnamon swirl. Omg!!! You can even try samples. You can't go wrong.
4	Great service!  Had the "perfect pastrami" sandwich on asiago sourdough (homemade ). Very tasty!  Perfect lunch portions. You may also purchase homemade bread here of all sorts!
4	I love freshly baked bread. This place is tucked away, so most of the time it is not busy. The honey whole wheat and the walnut coconut bread (only offered on Saturdays) are my favorites. They also offer a selection of honey, including cinnamon honey, and vanilla honey, which are pretty good although a little pricey.The staff are pleasant and helpful, just remember to look at what bread is offered each day, as not all breads are offered each day throughout the week. I made the mistake of coming in for walnut coconut bread on a Tuesday, and was promptly rejected as it is only offered on Saturday. Also, closed on Sunday, kids.
1	They are under-staffed so don't expect decent service during lunchtime. Sandwiches are not made in order, so don't be surprised if customers who arrive after you get their food first, even if it's the exact same sandwich. They seems to prepare them in no particular order and don't communicate with one another to identify who arrived first. Highly disorganized.
1	No excuse for lackluster treatment of customers! Being under new management, late night out partying??? What ever the reason customers should always be offered a slice of bread the way I understand it.  Yes there is a tacky reminder at the door re: did you use your punch card.
