5	I had a Frozen Shoulder, then I received  manipulation. 2 hours after, I was at A+ Physical Therapy. I felt comfortable the minute I walked in the door. I want to Thank everyone from the front desk to all the members on the staff  for their kindness and for being so professional. They have helped me work though stretches and are working on strengthening my shoulder.  I am very confident that I will be going back to work shortly. They continue to in courage and motivate me to work harder. I would not hesitate to tell family , friends or co workers about this place. They send updates to your surgeon and my insurance company. This is a clean and inviting office!
5	These guys are great!  Went to them for several months after a major foot surgery.  Dave, Jessica (aka Amazing), and Lisa will take care of you.  Family friendly an professional, it was strangely sad that my therapy was over.  I experienced major improvement and would recommend them to anyone.  Thanks guys!  Sam
5	These guy's are great and truly know what they are doing. I would recommend them to anyone! I have been seeing them for about a month after a major car accident. I came in one day unable to stand up straight or walk due to severe lower back pain. Dave and Jessica had me standing up straight and walking better by the time i left! I am looking forward to a full recovery!!
5	Dave and the rest of his staff are great.  My wife felt therapy is useless until she went to A +.   We would use them again no  questions asked.    They are very professional and personable.  We told her ankle doctor about them and the doctor is going to send his referrals there.  great results!!!
5	I tore my meniscus, could hardly walk, and was told by a couple doctors and many people that I would need surgery-- I decided I wanted to try the physical therapy route instead, and after only about a month of PT with these guys, my knee pain was completely gone, I was walking normally again, and I was back to running, working out, and playing basketball again...only with stronger legs then before I started physical therapy! It was awesome to get the physical therapy on the acute injury, but then also get strength training to help strengthen the muscles around the injury to make sure that: a) the injury healed, and b) the injury didn't come back! The knowledge that this facility practices with is impressive and comforting, and the staff really is fun to be around. They really work hard and care about each client, and make sure that you get the most out of every visit to their place. And finally, the education that they give you regarding your injury and care plans for you to take home are almost worth as much as the PT itself! Great staff, great service...I would definitely recommend this place to anyone with an injury that PT could help!
