4	It's always a gamble  when you visit a restaurant on their opening night.  Luckily, there was no "walking away, knowing when to run" from me as Haveli delivered.  I'll be honest...this location has been haunted by former failed restaurants (Fitch's, Good Times, Kickshaw, Jimmy's) and their gigantic footprint.  In this case, the owners did the right thing and only used 1/3 of the former space.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  We ordered Samosas for our appetizer and Aloo Mutter and Goat Curry for our entrees.  While the filling of the Samosas was a little too heavy for my liking, the crust that encased it was great. Both entrees were very solid.  The flavors worked well with one another.  I was particularly impressed with the Goat Curry.  In the past at other places, the meat can be a little too "goaty".  Here is was well flavored and fall apart tender.Haveli also has a lunch time buffet that I am eager to try.Still early in it's existence but if it continues to dish out great food, I think it will be around to stay.
4	I went here to try the lunch buffet last Saturday and was impressed.I have been a regular at Maharaja for years, but I might now be an even bigger fan of this Indian restaurant.The lunch buffet has a lot of great offerings.Though the space around the buffet is crowded and could be opened up more, the buffet items were delicious.I had an amazing eggplant dish, the Tikki masala was so good (even better than Maharajas) and they give you a choice of regular Nan or coconut Nan. The coconut nan is out of this world! Their tandoori chicken was nice and tender and not too dry, also an excellent dish. I also tried their rice pudding and Mango Lassi which were both excellent.I think being a newer restaurant there are a couple of kinks to be ironed out like making sure the buffet has enough plates and bowls available.The staff was friendly which we appreciated.Maharaja upped their buffet prices on the weekend which I think was not their best move and not only is this place more affordable but I think has better food overall.I will be back :-)
4	My wife and I went to their lunch buffet very recently, the food is good and the service is pretty sweet. Not too outstanding wrt the food variety but the tastes would be super good considering the price. location is nice and it is a good fit for a work day lunch.
3	New place in Fitchburg  and I must say I am pretty excited for it. We ordered the coconut naan with shrimp korma. I the the food was really good the only complaint was the shrimp dish seemed a little overpriced at $13.95. I would probably give the food and service 4 stars but the price was just a little high off the menu. The lunch buffet said it was only $8.95 and that would be a steal if the rest of their food is as good. The buffet was open at night too but opted for the order off the menu. They even said I could get carry out buffet. Pricing for the buffet seem much more reasonable. Glad to have a seemingly good option for lunch in the Fitchburg area! I will update after I try it. Hopefully it's a four or five :)
5	Awesome Indian restaurant good spread for their lunch buffet tasty dishes glad do not need to drive all the way to Madison now
3	I hate buffets but this is a solid 3 star buffet. The buffet area was constant kept clean and food was brought our regularly. They offer mostly curry dishes which is a huge plus for me. It varies from chicken, to vegetarian to goat curry dishes. They serve cheese and garlic naan bread with the curries.Everything was delish. I will say that I was turned off a bit by the chicken curries having dark and white meat in it. Of all the chicken curries I've had, they were cooked with white meat only and being someone who only eat chicken breast, it was a bit of a turn down. However, the sauce and rice were great and there were some chicken breast pieces in the curries at least.  We dinned in a Sunday afternoon where lunch buffet was served for $8.95. Great price. For dinner, you can only order off of the menu. Shockingly for a early Sunday lunch, they had plenty of customers. Wait staff were very friendly and prompt. Interesting note, my boyfriend and I noticed how similar the establishment was to Dhaba Indian Bistro out in Middleton.  We asked the server if there was a coincidence and come to find out, they are a sister restaurant of Dhaba. That being said, if you like Dhaba, you'll liked Heveli. The big difference is Dhaba doesn't have a buffet.While the buffet was good, I think is enjoy ordering off the menu instead. I will try that next time. I would recommend Heveli's for anyone who loves curry. I will be back to dine in the future.
5	We went for the lunch buffet. I am thrilled to have Indian cuisine close to work, and a reasonably priced buffet.  Since we paid in cash, it was $17 for 2 people for buffet with water as drinks.  I thought the chicken Tikka masala was OK. Everything else was wonderful. I am looking forward to coming here again with my family for dinner. The food quality is good, prove is reasonable, and the location and building is very nice. The staff was friendly and helpful! No wait for a quick business lunch. If you're riding on the bike path, this is a great lunch stop for the price.  All you can eat and mango I've cream for dessert!
5	Since I enjoyed lunch, I took my husband and daughter for the buffet on Sunday. All the staff were very kind to my daughter, and made us feel welcome to bring a 3 year old who does spontaneous song and dance.Since it was father's day,  several more young families were enjoying their buffet as well. I'm pretty sure they didn't charge us for a our kid- we had 2 drinks and 2 adult buffet trips for $24. Short of having a toy area, this place was very kid friendly. We will be coming again!
4	Extremely gracious people run this place and the food is both authentic, abundant, fresh and just great.  Highly recommended for lunch and dinner!  We hope Haveli is successful here.
1	I have been to this place couple of times now for buffet, the food quality is becoming terrible. Restaurant is not for indians or those who like authentic indian dishes. Disclaimer: I am vegetarian so i haven't tried chicken or lamb entrees. Cons- Not great food. - During recent visit, malai kofta was pathetic, other entrees were not that great either. - They had rice without daal. I don't think any indian eats rice this way. This restaurant is probably for those who are not that familiar with indian food. - they had one dish called aloo zucchini which isn't punjabi or south indian dish. Is this really indian buffet ? It tasted horrible anyway. Pros- Excellent ambience- Friendly staff
5	Easily the best Indian lunch buffet in town. Priced right at $8.95, chock-full of options, the thing I like most is they offer it every day of the week they're open... weekends too! The staff is simply lovely, and everything is labeled so incredibly well, that when I stumble across a dish I'm not familiar with, it's labeled above, often times described if it's a tad unknown. The salad to start is a pretty rad and refreshing way to begin, and from there it just gets better. My last trip they had coconut naan. COCONUT NAAN! Is this a thing everyone knows about but me? It was stellar, sort of salty, sort of sweet, simply lovely soaking up all my curries!
5	This restaurant is a jewel. Best food-it's delicious. Best service-gracious and attentive. Best atmosphere-quiet and sophisticated. It is my new go to place for a great meal with family or friend. The food is fresh, delicately flavored and beautifully served. I am very pleased to have a high quality Indian restaurant in Fitchburg. This is a great addition to our community.
3	Haveli is exactly A-OK!It is the closest Indian restaurant to my place, and serves good Indian food. If I cannot make it out to Dhaba or Minerva- it works. But it is not my go to Indian restaurant. As people have noted it is similar to Dhaba in ambiance but falls short in the flavor. The comparison is  natural  because their menu is extremely similar too but Haveli has a a lunch buffet. The service is always good as well.So overall is works but you don't have to go out of your way to get to it either.
4	Beautiful people, lovely restaurant, excellent food. My only thing even close to a complaint is that when I ask for very spicy sometimes it's not the sweat evoking fireball I was looking for. One problem with serving food in the Midwest is everyone is running on a different schedule of what " spicy . I understand it can be a challenge to make everyone happy. But for me? I'd rather learn my lesson and adjust accordingly than ask for fire and get something else. {\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252{\fonttbl}{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}}
