4	I helped a friend get a car from Enterprise this week and I was surprised at how quickly and smoothly everything went.  Usually when I went a car it is a whole hullabaloo or problems, but this was quick and easy.  The service at this location was great, and John even gave us some complimentary bottled waters since we had to wait for a few minutes while he helped another couple..  The car was returned a few hours late, and she had called the corporate number to let them know, but she received a very polite courtesy call after 6 or so hours just checking up.The only thing is that we ended up with a Dodge Caliber which, besides being really ugly and uncomfortable to drive, wasn't really the type of compact car she was looking for and would have preferred something smaller for gas consumption purposes.
1	You've got to work hard to get a one-star review in my book, and these guys managed it.  It wasn't really the staff's fault; they were overworked with way too many people trying to get their car.  I get the feeling they had to go out and clean the cars themselves or something, because they disappeared for ages and ages and getting through the queue took an eternity.  It took about an hour to get our car!It's not like there isn't a million other places to rent a car in Vegas, so just go somewhere with more staff so you can get going with the least amount of fuss.
1	Thank you enterprise for ruining my day.  What should've been a simple transaction turned into a 45 minute nightmare where my husband and I were interrogated and made to feel like criminals.  I've been renting from enterprise on and off for quite some time.  Almost 5 years now I've been renting for vacations, family emergencies, car accidents, and as of late, basic transportation till I can afford a new vehicle to get to and from work.  But no, today you have lost a very loyal customer because being told, "it's not personal," repeatedly while looking at me and my husband disdainfully does not sit well with us.Neither is an exceptionally rude staff member who boasts of being in the company for 3 years yet questioning her upper management while out at lunch.  "Well I don't know how they used to do things but they are not here right now and I am just doing my job."  All you are doing is pissing people off by your callous attitude. Finally after verifying insurance, addresses, blood type, etc my husband was asked to sign the papers.  Again, more rudeness by her mannerisms and overall attitude and after everything still saying, "I'm just doing my job."  All I could say without imploding is that I didn't want to talk about it anymore and that I wanted to just get on with it.  After checking the car, which was not properly cleaned, we were given the car.  I was not offered insurance through enterprise, I was not told the amount of gas in the car, and I was basically shooed away because we were done with.Customer service, whether it be a a store, a rental place, a restaurant, is a big thing for me.  In my book, you can get away with a lot by just being cordial and having a smile.  Even when things are difficult keeping an upbeat attitude can go for miles.  What I experienced today was a shrew of a woman who didn't know how to handle anything with any kind of decorum.  We were made to feel like we were criminals trying to steal a car or something.This is my last time going to enterprise.  You have lost my business, my respect, and my reference to all business and family associates I have to come to our destination city.  I would rather have my people take bus than deal with judgmental people who treat repeat customers with such behavior.  Again, I kept my cool as long as I could.  I am amazed I did not start screaming.
2	I will say this... Customer service improved with a personal call from mike.. The area manager.  Things will be remedied, training of staff will obviously be revamped.  Am I appeased? Yes and no... As a service oriented individual I can honestly say more could have been done.  Did you listen to me and try to empathize with my experience? Yes.  But remember this is your face.  Your sales reps are your face to the world.  This is not the face you want to represent.  I am sad to report that while Mike tried and was sincere, enterprise has not earned our business back.  I don't know if they ever will.  For all repeat customers and new customers, pls put on your website as you make your online confirmation to have all of your paperwork out and have your addresses match.  As for your staff, either everyone follows the same procedure and check for all these documents or none of you do.  I've been renting from enterprise for 5 years and my husband religiously has for about 20.  We were never asked for utility bills, pay stubs, matching addresses, etc.  all we were asked for is debit or credit, my current drivers license, and whether or not I want to use my own insurance or use their coverage for the vehicle.  2 days of free rental is not enough for rude behavior and overall humiliation I experienced. Finally, never leave reps alone.  Always have at least one manager present at all times to handle situations with customers so they can leave with grace and dignity.
5	I had to rent a car last minute and this was the best deal. The problem is that it was too far away from me and I had no idea we could be picked up so I took a cab.Great service, fast, they don't push you trying to sell you the extra insurance in case you don't want it and I did have to mention that I wanted to get the gas with their fixed price as I think this is a great deal to begin with. Gas price is ridiculous nowadays.I thought I had to return it by noon but it turns out it was by 11 am! I called and they said it was okay as long as it was before 12pm. They were super fast in checking that the car was ok and then they gave us a ride back to the Venetian. It was great service all around. Congrats to the two people + driver working in that office they were amazing.
