5	Am in deep fried heaven, the deep fried Oreos , oh my God and the  Nutella sandwich  , frito chili pie need to say more.Everything on the menu is under $10 for big portions and delicious freaking food!They even do deliveries! =)
5	Great food. I went with my Co workers to try this place for lunch and the service was great!  And my spinach wrap was delicious. I loved the fries and omg!! Their fried oreos are out of this world. I'll be coming her more often.
5	I found this place wandering around lookjng for a new chill slash eat spot and so i stoped bye and they never disapoint and also i new these gus from the swap meen good to see they got ther own place keep up the good work
5	The food is great and especially the dessert, can't have enough of that Oreo ... The price is also soo reasonable.I met with the owner and also spoke with the employees, they offered great service. Thank you for making me try the food for free!!Highly recommended place and will refer my friends to your restaurants...
4	So I've been to this place a few times now. I've had the wings, which were excellent. The owner is from Buffalo and I guess that's one of his specialties. I also really like the fries, crispy and perfectly seasoned.I guess the best thing I've had there were the deep fried Oreos. This you can only have maybe once in a while. So rich and good but I don't want to even think how many calories I consumed. I did have a fried PB@J as well though, it was gigantic. Really good and same principle goes for it as the Oreos. Great service, looking forward to coming in a lot more, it's very close to my house.
5	Amazing place! Fried p&b is my favorite! I also really loved the Blt! You can tell the food is made with top quality products! Service was great! They had REAL sweet tea ! To die for!  Honestly I I have tried more then one thing and have not been disappointed at all! I will be a retuning customer!! Tell your friends! Also there prices are just so good! You can actually great food for under 10.00!
5	The bbq chicken wrap is great! If you havent tried the deep fried oreos your missing out !!!
5	I've been to this little restaurant cafe several times and been delighted each time. The people in the establishment  are cordial and kind and a lot of fun. The food is really good ,prepared when ordered not sitting around for hours waiting for you to walk in the door . :-) its in a location that's easy to get to easy to get in and out of and never crowded. I would recommend it to anyone that loves delicious almost homemade tasting food! I will keep going back as long as they will let me in the door :-) lol
5	WOW don't have to go to the county fair now to get fair food I found it right here in my own neighborhood. Had the deep-fried Nutella sandwich unbelievably good. Sampled the funnel cake also tasty but those Oreos were a slice of deep-fried heaven. Prices were reasonable. Will be back.
5	Juicy burger loaded with deep fried pickles with a side of fritto boat... seriously!  Great owners. Coming back for dreep fried nutella PBJ.
5	The Big Tony was delicious!!! Btw the fried pickles are a must. I'm excited to come back and try something different.
5	This food was delicious ... Never tried food like this before and great service.- deep fried Oreo- best wings- friesThis my third time this week eating here and you will see plenty of me again. Highly recommended!!
3	Tony Marc's Eats has some great reviews here on Yelp, so naturally I was anxious to give the place a try.  You know what they say about first impressions; they last forever. Upon entering, we noticed the place was empty, save for one diner who we later realized was one of the employees, yet there was a table covered in dirty dishes.We approached the counter and were greeted by a gentleman who was apparently the owner.  He answered our questions about the menu, offered suggestions, and engaged in some playful banter with my mother in law.  We placed our order and looked for a table.  Again, the diner was empty, but we couldn't find a clean table to sit at.  I ordered the Big Tony, a double burger with all the fixings, some special sauce, and deep fried pickles. Justin ordered the same and we also ordered a Frito Pie to share.  The food was served fairly quickly.  The burger was a good sized portion, and looked delicious.   The flavor was good, but nothing spectacular or memorable.  The deep fried pickles added a strange texture to the burger that I wouldn't describe as pleasurable, and the bun was slightly soggy.  The fries were crispy, hot and tasty.The Frito Pie is a bag of Fritos opened up with chili and cheese sauce poured on top of the chips.  While it was a decadent treat, it's very obviously canned chili and canned cheese sauce.  We enjoyed it, but it's nothing to write home about.Even though we were pretty full, we all decided that we couldn't leave without trying the deep fried PB&J.  The presentation is nice.  Two thick slices of bread stuffed with peanut butter and jelly, dusted with powdered sugar.  It was warm, sweet, and satisfying.  It is very rich - the bread is almost like French Toast, and in conjunction with the PB, Jelly and powdered sugar, this is a treat you will need to share with someone else.The gist?  Decent food, good service, not so clean.  Another issue we had is that the place is uncomfortably quiet.  They could definitely benefit from some music in the background.  But that won't stop us from going back.
5	If you like "Fair Food" as in "food from the county fair" (and not "average"), well, this is the place for you. Impossibly light fried pickles! Frito Pies! Chicken Wings!Fried things like Oreos and Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwiches! This stuff is great. It's horrible for you, but it's so well done.For me, the true star of the show was the Chicken Fried Steak Sandwich. Look at the photos, this is exactly how it tastes. Anyone who's ever eaten from a Drive In diner in the midwest with some misspelled form of "Dairy" or "Freeze" or an exceedingly close to copyright infringement of Dairy Queen in the name of the joint knows EXACTLY of what I speak. This thing is awesome and messy and perfect....now if he only had pork tenderloin sandwiches!
5	Great service, delicious food, as well as great prices!! Will definitely be back :)
