5	Absolute treasure for the University of Illinois, and anyone within a reasonable driving distance (hello Chicagoans!).  It's one of the best arts centers in Illinois, and probably right up there in the nation.  The music performances include the local symphony orchestra, faculty music recitals, and nationally recognized talent of all genres.  The facility features four theaters, including an acoustically superior music hall where the Chicago Symphony Orchestra has done recordings.  There's an underground parking garage, a la the benefactress who didn't want to walk from her car to performances in the rain.  Check out their schedule of events at http://www.krannertcenter.com/.
5	how do i love thee, let me count the ways...if anything ever happened to krannert center, like a fire, or an explosion...i would have to move from champaign to a major metropolitan area.  this place is like an oxygen tank with a mouth piece under 10,000 feet of murky sea water.  ok, it's not thaaaaat serious but i figured if you were reading this you might be into drama so i'd give you a little.  ok here's the deal, i can be working in my office and leave my desk 15 minutes before the beginning of a performance and still make it on time, not pay to park, see a zillion people i know walking into the performance and then sit down to see YoYo Ma.  If that doesn't make your musical mouth drool then try this:  I can be having the meal of a lifetime on Green St. at Cafe Luna, leave at 7:15 and be in my seat by 7:30 to see Liz Lerman Ferocious Beauty: Genome, then afterwards attend a discussion with a few world leaders in genomic biology along with the director and realize we're all a little bit smarter and happier than we were a few hours ago.
5	This place is a diamond in the rough! I fulfilled my lifelong dream of listening to the Vienna philharmonic orchestra here, as well as performances by National Russian ballet and other high profile orchestras from all over the world.And of you are a student of U of I, it is cheap too! You're regular concert is $2 to $10 ($2! One third a movie ticket! OMG!), and I got the Vienna philharmonic ticket for $40. No where else you can get a ticket to such a high profile event with such a cheap price.
5	Ok, I thought I had died and gone to purgatory when I moved here from the San Francisco Bay Area...until I met Krannert. Seriously, it is the only social and artistic saving grace I have found to keep me feeling connected to something bigger than my lovely neighborhood. If you are new to town, run, don't walk, to Krannert. Of course, getting tickets to anything is another story, since apparently everyone else has figured this out too. The people are lovely, the performances are excellent...and well, it's a sure way to feel like your getting back to the big city, if only for one night. One well spent night.
5	While living in Champaign, this was one of my favorite places to go to. Champaign is a great college town, especially if you're in computer graphics, but I had to drive to Chicago regularly for theater and museums, collecting many speeding tickets along the way. Yes, after driving for 2.5 hours on the straightest freeway you can imagine, a road with not a single tree, a cop would give you a ticket for going 73 mph.
5	My favorite building/complex in all of U of I.  It was here a very shy psychology student accidently enrolled in an acting class for acting performance majors only, and was forced to play multiple parts in a play with MFA students in the audience.  I have never been scared of groups since.  I also caught Leslie Nielsen here doing a one man play of Clarence Darrow, multiple operas and symphonies, plays plays plays, and accidently stumbled upon the dressing/rehearsal area of a Parisian ballet troup.  Ah the memories.  Krannerts main hall has some of the best acoustics for music that have ever heard.  The smaller theatres are great for plays and small performances.Go to events here!  you won't regret it.  Take a class here an you won't forget it.(yeah rhyming, lame, I know)
5	Krannert plays host to world-renowned performing artists every day of the week, it seems.  Home to multiple large theatres, krannert also houses underground floors of classrooms, dressing rooms and a sew and wood shop.  I remember running around the bottom floors of kcpa when I was little and feeling as if nothing could be more limitless or exciting.  Performing at krannert is always a treat as well.  ALSO:  the parking garage has the best acoustics EVER.
5	I LOVE KCPA!  I'm a dancer major at U of I so I practically live here.. but besides that there are 3 main things I love about Krannert.1. They offer EVERYTHING here. Music, Dance, and theatre from all over the world plus works performed by students.2. There is literally something to watch every single weekend. You can never get bored! 3. Tickets are INCREDIBLY cheap. 10 dollars to see mark morris dance group. 10 dollars to see Merce Cunningham Dance Company. WOW. It really doesn't get any better then this. I highly recommend just taking a copy of their events calendar and just flipping through it and mark what you'd like to see. Take advantage of KCPA while you can!
5	It's nice to have a big spacious facility full of reasonably priced fine arts performances. If you don't live in the city normally, you really need to visit this place because you're not likely to find anywhere where you can find great performances at these prices in your hometown.
5	Krannert is awesome!! Its affordable for students like me, and the Baroques, C-U symphony orchestras, and the Chicago Symphony orchestras are the ones I go to most. Foellinger Great Hall is amazing to sit in, and since I live like 2 blocks away, getting there is never a problem. Occasionally big names (Zakir Hussain, Lang Lang) come to perform, and the Ellnora guitar festival is pretty well known all around.
5	I love KCPA.  The venue is awesome for just about everything.  I attend the symphony series, the chamber music series, and the ballet.  I've enjoyed some of the greats in music and dance there. The staff and volunteers are cordial and efficient.  I also attend the Salon series that showcases rising young talent who have earned prestigious awards.  This is a fun series.  The seating is limited and on the stage, up close and personal with the artist.  Prior to the performance, champagne and finger foods are served.  The food is exquisite.  After the performance, coffee and truffles or petit fours are served.  It's a wonderful way to spend a Sunday afternoon.  The Promenade shop offers an array of esoteric items ranging from the ridiculous to the sublime.  Intermezzo offers some tasty sweets and savories and a yummy Jamaican coffee blend.  Only complaint here is that they only have one cashier which slows things down, especially during intermissions.  I do remember fondly the old Intermezzo that had an even wider array of decadent sweets to delight the palate and destroy the waistline.  And then there is the Stage 5 Bar.  I have sampled several of their wine offerings and can only say that I have never been able to go beyond one sip.  I have abandoned further attempts with the wine and moved on to my old standby cocktail, the Black Russian.  There is a young lady who frequently tends bar there who makes the best Black Russian.  I've yet to try the food platters at Stage 5, although I have seen them.  Meager portions.  It seems, however, that they are always out of the one(s) I want.  I am a contributor to KCPA and urge others to do likewise.  This great venue brings in a wealth of fine entertainment one would only expect to find in big cities.  For a fancy night out, a romantic evening, a family outing, or whatever, KCPA is a good place to be.  The Godfather highly recommends it.
5	For my 500th review I'm giving two virtual thumbs up to the building at 500 S Goodwin where I spent most of my college career. In addition to being the building where I earned my BFA in theatre, it was also the space where I saw world class music, theatre and dance performances on the venue's multiple stages.
5	This center is beyond awesomeness
4	Beautiful building.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this show space. Theatres are designed well and seating is comfortable. I've been to orchestral concerts, new music events, operas, Jazz nights, dance performances, musicals, everything. Highly recommend this venue. Staff are friendly and helpful too, which is a big plus!
3	Go here for Uncorked. They are free wine tastings at Thursday at 5pm. There are usually shows you can sit and enjoy some of the wine and even some complementary cheese and crackers.
5	As a student an a teacher at UIUC, Krannert is one of the resources upon which I depend and value as part of my tuition. It meets the needs of the ideological investments of students here with its mission as a professionalized training ground. While I would prefer more of the classics, there studio productions and opera offerings are really fantastic. Plus, the student rates ($5-$10) and flex membership make this an affordable way to see theatre and get exposed to new material outside my interests in an affordable way.
5	At par with the best Chicago has to offer in terms of venue and programs. Have enjoyed memorable performance here over the years.
5	Krannert really is superb. I went there last year for several plays, and also to watch the Haifa Ensemble. Performances are excellent and the facility itself is breathtaking.
