5	This place has great food and live music at least 5 nights a week.  The food is great, try the burger and fries or the grilled pimento cheese sandwich.  There are also many vegetarian options for people who don't want to eat meat.  This place is small and can get very crowded.   Locals are always around, but Friday night is when everyone packs in to hear the "boys" play (Lenny Federal and John Wicker- the owner, headline the band, son Johnny rules the drums).  The music ranges from old rock and roll, blues, and bluegrass depending upon what night of the week you're there.  This is Dilworth's neighborhood bar, the owner's are actually my parent's next-door neighbor's, and it's a family run place.  Always good to stop by for food or booze.  Closed Sundays.  Oh, and they have won many of the "City's Best" type awards for their fries and burgers if you're into that kind of thing.
3	I tried this place after seeing it in the loafer so many times with rave reviews. I enjoyed my burger and fries although my guest didn't so much. I will note that they DO NOT have air conditioning. I was melting...
3	This eclectic little pub in the Bi-Lo parking lot is super tiny and sometimes you really have to beat the rush to do lunch or dinner.  Everybody in here knows everybody in here.  How can you not...  They're closed on Sundays but for pub grub it's lighter fare than most and worth remembering to check out the rest of the week.  I can't believe they have live acts in this tiny space.  But I'm pretty sure they have repaired the air conditioning since some of the other reviews on here.  Their ads in the loafer say under new management too.
5	Great music!  Not to mention some of the most friendly, approachable people you will meet in a bar in Charlotte.  The band that usually plays there can really get groovy on some classic rock renditions and their own original material.  My college friend, Seth, is related to a couple of the members of the group and they hold a family reunion there once a year.  The group put on a solid three hour set and really blew everyone away.  There are two levels to the bar, but I usually like it on top, that way I can have a bird's eye view of the rest of the place.  It can get a little hot inside, but get over it, the food and service is wonderful.  This a great place to go with your buddies - toss back a few and groove to some heady jams.
5	Owner, Tommy Noblett has continued to make the Comet Grill stand up to the expectations of patrons from years past.  Live music every week with Friday night legends, The Lenny Federal Band, tearing it up without fail.  Furthermore, the food is delicious and the weekly specials will help you save a buck or two.  There is always a friendly mix of locals and newcomers, young and old, where all are welcome.  The porch has been completely transformed and offers a great gathering place to chill with friends on a lazy summer's afternoon.  Go there now!
4	Great food all around. I don't eat meat anymore, but when I did it was the best place in town to get a hamburger (especially if you life pimento cheese)! The fries are to die for! And if you go on a Friday they have incredible tuna salad (and I know my tuna salad)! Also on Fridays is the Lenny Federal band. Not only do they play excellent originals, and an array of covers, they're also really fun to watch! By far my favorite place in Charlotte! And yes the AC has been fixed.
4	Pimento cheese + delicious burger + flat top grill =  LOVEI've been meaning to grab lunch from Comet Grill for some time now as it's known as the super friendly neighborhood bar and grill. It's nestled in the shopping center off of Park Rd., right next to the Bloom. The bar itself has a pretty comfy layout including a decent sized patio, the bar and a few tables downstairs and cute little second level. I will note that the second level has two long tables bordering the overlook. These tables would be perfect for flip cup. Just sayin'...Hubs and I rolled into Comet Grill for a late lunch and right off the bat I was super impressed with their specials. Not only do they offer a great menu of lunch specials for $7 each, but they also have fantastic daily drink specials.I ordered the American Burger lunch special - a well sized burger finished off with my choice of toppings (pimento cheese, natch). Our waitress was really friendly and offered great suggestions even though she's a vegetarian. That's service, folks.My burger special was delish and came with a small side of fries. The fries were well seasoned, but next time I'm going to ask for them crispy. My bun was a little dry but it was really no big deal to me as the burger itself was great. The pimento cheese is an absolute must here and I really want to try their pimento grilled cheese during the next go around. Oh I'll be back Comet Grill...I'll be back really soon and hopefully check out some live music too!
4	Yep...OFFICIAL PBR JOINT! $2 everyday along with Highlife...$1 on Monday's & Thursday's! That's worthy of a visit and extended stay by itself! However, lucky for Comet that they have a great menu and killer burger! The place is hidden near Bloom, and isn't the fanciest place in town, but it's not trying to be. Small tables, good bar and great staff make this a fun place to run to. Especially if the regulars at at the bar mid-day talking about nothing/everything. As the reviews mention...burgers are awesome - cooked on the flat top. Fries and onion rings are a great side. That's all you really need to care about; however, they do have many other options to choose from. Can't beat a cold PBR and a perfectly toasty pimento cheese sandwich that's busting with flavor...hmm, hmm, good!They've got a nice enclosed patio to enjoy on those sub-90 degree Charlotte days. Comet Grill...I will see you soon!
3	I don't often get to this part of town.  It's like the proverbial tree that falls in the forest when no one is around - does it really exist when there isn't anyone to hear it?  Now I'm sure there are all sorts of people around the Comet Grill, and the area in general is pretty cool, it just never pops up on my radar when thinking of somewhere to go eat.As for the locale, it's so-so.  For one, as I grow older, I'm a wimp.  No air conditioning in the middle of one of the hottest summers on record means I don't want to hang out inside.  A big old fan is sweet, but I need some serious cooling after all this eating.  And I think they have a deck, but I could not figure out where it was.  Maybe it's only open on certain days.There isn't a bunch of room here on the inside - either on the ground floor or the small upper deck.  But it's cozy.  Just make sure you like the people who are there with you if possible.Staff is friendly, and prices aren't bad.  Overall the food is solid.  The chips and pimento cheese dip was good, but the cheese was a bit goopy.  More cheese and less goo would have made it better.  Better flavor would have helped too.  The cheese performed better on the burger where it wasn't as important to stand out.In fact, the burger was pretty tasty - it was cooked a little more well done than I usually prefer, but it has a nice crispy char on the outside and was still juicy on the inside, so I can let it slide.  The house-made chips had good flavor, but they were a bit uneven in their done-ness.For a bar, it seems like a good place to add to your list of stops.  For eating, not quite so much.  I may have to stop back in to find that deck.  If I don't get hit by a tree.Sweet Tea Report: The tea here is pretty good.  It's not syrupy, and the bartender did offer to bring sugar if it wasn't sweet enough (blech), but it went down really well.  It helped that the place was a bit stuffy.
4	Omit the U and we finally have Charlotte's first O(fficial) YE. Yeah buddy! Some say eclectic, but I prefer eccentric (like me!). Comet Grill really embodies what a neighborhood dive should be. It's the type of bar that established the counterculture which made dive bars hip and trendy. This is the type of place where the locals run, and not because it's the talk of the town, but because it's real, original, and unique. There is nothing superficial about it; no glamor or glitz here. It's just a great place to enjoy drinks and food with good company. I didn't grab any food, but the rumor is, everything is tasty. Everything is made in house, so you know there must be some love attached to it. As others mentioned, AC is incredibly underrated. It wasn't a packed house, but still insanely hot. "Heat rises" so avoid the second story in the summer months. I debated on 3 or 4 stars because of the heat index, and while 3.5 is more deserving.....eff it. The bartender was really nice and walked the equivalent of the Appalachian Trail up and down the stairs for us. Now you heard it before, but I'll say it again. $1 PBRs on Thursdays. That's cheaper than bottled water!
4	Love the spicy pimento cheese !!!  Good music !
2	In the past, I've been able to get a meal here and listen to some good bluegrass on Tuesday nights but it was a totally different story recently.  I stopped in during the day for lunch and it took 1 1/2 hours for us to realize that the table ahead of us just had their food put on the grill.  We were 1 of 3 tables that were there to eat and not only did it take so long for the orders to be placed but we had to get our drinks at the bar ourselves.  Now, granted, it's not a very big place so this wasn't a huge hassle but isn't that what you tip the wait staff for in the first place?Needless to say, if you actually get the chance to eat here, the food is good but the service is horrible.  We walked out and haven't been back since.
3	Another on the list of "best" burger places to try.  Comet Grill is small place at the end of strip mall.  The staff is friendly and the service was good.  I ordered a burger and a beer.  The burger was OK, it came with the standard setup, lettuce, pickle, onion, & tomato along with mustard, ketchup and mayo.  The burger comes with a side and of course I chose fries.  The burger was well done and a little dry, but not too bad.  The fries were not very good.  Even though they were hot out of the fryer they were limp, no where near crispy.  The price was pretty reasonable.  A good burger, but not as good as some I've had.
5	Had lunch at the Comet Grill on Monday. Food and service were great. My brother-in-law recommended the burgers, but I went either Chicken Philly instead. Daily lunch specials are $7 (which includes drink). The atmosphere was pub/bar like, but very welcoming. Would love to go back one night for some live music. If you're looking for some good food and a cool place to hang out, look for the Comet Grill.
5	Awesome local, neighborhood dive! Been going here for years and it never disappoints.  They have great local musical acts most nights of the week.  The food is great and the beer prices are good.  Can you ask for anything more? Not the place to go if you are looking for a nice quite sit down meal that you need to get dressed up for.  If you feel like hanging with good people who wont judge you, listening to good live music and you like beers then this is the place for you.
4	The Comet's a great place for a beer with friends, but the real star of the show is, well, the live show.The Comet's got a great line up of live music, and the place gets hopping regularly.  There's nothing that compliments a good beer (or a cheap beer for that matter) better than some raucous country music.Go and get yourself a beer and a balcony seat.  You'll enjoy your evening.
4	Great hole in the wall bar.  The atmosphere is inviting and not your typical Charlotte cookie-cutter crowd.  Places like this are the heart of Charlotte.  You will not see any pink polos here!  Go here if you are looking for a stiff pour and some authentic greasy bar food.
4	Good 'dive' bar... had wings, they were ok, could have cooked longer. Drinks were cheap, good specials and great service.
5	I have found my new local bar.One of my buddies told me... Kev, you gotta try out Comet Grill, they have the best burger in Charlotte.  To which I replied, "whoa, bold statement my friend, bold statement."  I have now made it a plan to try as many burgers in Charlotte and to narrow down my favorites.  I have to admit, Comet is on my short list with their Comet Classic.  By far the best burger I've had in Charlotte with Pimento Cheese.  The best part was that they don't over-do the whole deal.  It's a normal size serving, perfect ratio of toppings to meat, with a great quality bun that isn't froo-froo gourmet baked bread.  It's just a great burger sticking to the basics.  That's what makes the perfect burger after all.My bride quickly jumped to the conclusion it is her favorite burger, but her obsession with great fries is what sealed the deal.  They have a great fresh cut fries that just don't disappoint.  Twisting her arm to make this a family staple is going to be so easy!The buffalo shrimp are simply the best I've ever had.  Not too much breading, fried perfectly, tossed in a sauce that perfectly compliments the shrimp.  Comet is less than a mile from my new place so this is a neighborhood gem that is sure to be my favorite 'watering hole'.  I'm from the Boone area so the service, chill vibe, great food, and cheap beer brings me back to the days of the smaller town with a great little bar.  They are also said to have great music there so I'm excited for late night adventures!
4	They have the best pimiento cheeseburger in town, plus hand cut French fries and a nice selection of beer on draft. It's one of my favorite lunch spots.
4	Amazing burgers and great wings.  The atmosphere suggests 'dive' but its all comfort.  I make it a point to stop here whenever I'm in the area.
4	We love this place great food and great service.
2	Hit or miss? maybe...but it was a miss for me.Keep in mind that I'm not reviewing the bar part of Comet Grill, just the grill part.  My wife and I popped in for lunch the other day.  We have heard raves about the burgers and fries being the best in the Queen City so with that lofty build-up in mind along with a hankering for some great fries we stopped in.  We both love good french fries and I realize that they are not easy to cook properly.  If you are using fresh cut potatoes (frozen fries need not apply) then they absolutely have to be cooked twice to get the crisp exterior that stays crisp and the cooked and fluffy interior that actually tastes like potato.  Single cooked fries are good for a few minutes while they are hot, think 5 guys, but go downhill and get limp and soggy quickly upon cooling.  We ordered cheese fries, along with chicken wings as well as a grilled pimento cheese sandwich with even more of the supposedly award winning fries.  We didn't order burgers because, quite frankly we have never found one in a restaurant as good as our fresh ground home made burgers. The fries: they were not good, they came out pretty hot but were not crisp and they went downhill from there.  Oil not hot enough, only one fry and potatoes that may have had too high of a moisture content can all contribute to anemic, limp fries and these were all that and then some.  The cheese was just clumped on and cooled the fries down even faster.  Green onion on top was a nice touch but the fries should have been the hero but they were a zero.  Big disappointment.Chicken wings were well cooked, hot and crisp.  We got the garlic Parmesan cheese flavor and they were OK  flavor wise.  Too much salt but proper frying gets them 3 stars overall.Pimento Cheese Sandwich.  I wanted to like this thing.  I am a huge fan of pimento cheese and this was like nothing I have ever tried.  Strange recipe and I can forgive them that.  but the killer was the smell of the oil on the bread.  The sandwich had been grilled on the flat top or in a pan with some old, rancid smelling and tasting oil.  I let my wife smell it and she recoiled at the first whiff.  The plain fries that came with the sandwich were no better than the others.  Anemic, light in color, soggy, limp, seasoned with what tasted like Lawry's Seasoned salt.Maybe the beer is good and cold and the live music is hot, but as for me, if these are the best fries Charlotte has to offer, I certainly don;t want to try their burgers.
4	I attended a private party in March. Gwen was great and handled the large group quite well. The Comet is a relatively small space which means bands have to be loud to get above drums. So when the music is playing - there ain't no visiting.... However it is a perfect place for a private party. Sunday only.
3	Dive bar, local bands, cheap beers, and few local craft on tap. This place is right next to food lion and I would have never noticed.  I haven't tried their food, but it looks like they have 2 deep fryers right next to the bar.  You will see a lot of locals here.  There is an upstairs and outside patio if you wish not to be bothered.  Beers are cheap!
1	My wife and I went here for burgers about two years ago and remembered them being pretty good. Well no idea what happened over those two years but the food at this place is now disgusting.  We had their pimento cheese dip appetizer and it was literally not edible, their burgers are small and dry and the fries were just plain disgusting. I think this may be the first time in history my wife and I left fries on our plate.   I don't know, other reviews seem positive maybe we hit this place on an off day but our experience here just wasn't good.
3	This place is pretty cool. I've only been here once to grab drinks and I liked upstairs and the patio. Some woman threw her beer from the balcony and it hit my boyfriends shoulder and shattered on the ground. A huge piece of glass thankfully landed in between my toes. The bartenders didn't kick her out or anything which was weird. She did it because she thought it was funny...anyways. Besides that, we would pick some food up from here and it was good. Good veggie burger and good patty melt. The fries are alright.
1	Comet Grill might still have great food, but when I tried to take my daughter & her husband there this noon the server did not like the looks of my son-in-law's NY license, and asked to see his passport! It was clearly discrimination against a person who's of Hispanic descent. Totally inappropriate, and such a disappointment to the good time I was trying to show my kids. I can't in good conscience continue to go there, or to recommend it to others. It hate it, because this used to be my favorite place to go for a cheeseburger, but no more.
4	Comet Grill is a great neighborhood hole in the wall.  Looking in from the shopping center, you have no clue that this gem is inside.its a two story, bar/live music venue that has some great bar food (they won best fries in Charlotte awhile back).  Tuesday nights the bluegrass band Red Rocking Chair performs and if you're not a regular, everyone will stare at you when you walk in the door. There isn't any AC, so in the summer beware.  Check out the pimento cheese dip and their $5 Saturday burger deal!
4	Great bar and after work place to hang out. I've always loved this place but moved out a bit farther out of the area so we don't go so much anymore.  I guess I'm getting old, 57.  Not the same anymore.  Food was always good.
1	OMG! how is this place still in business? It must be a front for some sort of money laundering scam or something...not going to waste too much time here...been there twice..both times...cramped, rude, horrible service, and last but not least FOOD POISONING! enough said..
5	The Comet Grill is by far my favorite place to grab lunch/ dinner and a cold beer. Their draft selection is awesome and having $2 miller lite and PBR bottles everyday is an additional bonus. The entire staff is VERY friendly and even the other customers that I have met up there are friendly. Beer and food prices are right on point. This is truly a feel good neighborhood place to go.
4	Went there for the first time today to use a groupon. Monday night is 50 cent wings so we tried a few of the dry rub wings. I am not a wing person but they were very well seasoned!!!! We also tried the buffalo shrimp. They were very flavorful as well. They were a little overcooked but the sauce was really good. We both had burgers. The meat was well seasoned. I just wished they had buttered the bun and toasted for a minute. The fresh cut fried were very good as well but like the shrimp were cooked just a tad but too long so they were extra crispy but great flavor. I would definitely go back here again. Service was a little slow but waiter was great.
4	My daughter would walk past this on our walks, but I don't really enjoy "bar food" so we never went in.  One of our favorite places to eat was Persu-asian in the same strip.  We walked down on Saturday to Persu-asian only to find they were now not opening for lunch on the weekends.  Disappointed, we went into Comet Grill.As far as bar food goes, Comet Grill is about the best you can get.  It was excellent.  I was able to get a salad with fresh veggies.  My daughter ordered a hot dog off the kid's menu.  Service was friendly and food was great.Saturdays they have a cheeseburger for $5.  I don't eat meat, but I would like to try a veggie burger at some point.  I'm very happy we decided to give this place a try.
5	Awesome!Been about 5 years since last visit (moved from area) and the place is still great.Laid back and cozy, pub style. Limited seating, has a small upstairs too.Pimento cheese hasn't changed at all...the BEST anywhere hands down! Great taste and some kick. Burgers are tasty and juicy done perfect!Drink prices and pour on point ...wait Guinness on draught nuff said!Love it
3	Come here a lot for work lunches. Food is pretty decent. Have had their salad with shrimp and veggie nachos and both have been pretty good. The nachos are huge so be sure to share with someone. Service is usually pretty good unless you are upstairs and then it gets a little more intermittent but not bad. Parking is usually no issue.
4	I came here based on Yelp reviews alone. But I'll be back on my own for sure.I had the Comet Classic burger based on the recommendations and it was totally worth it. Had a little kick to it (maybe in the mustard) and is topped with pimento cheese. Just enough of everything so it's not a towering burger. The fries that came with it were also really good.Maybe it was a $1 or $2 more than I think it should have been, but it was close enough and good enough that if a craving strikes, I'll meander back in.I'll also be back on a Monday night because they have $.50 wings and I couldn't get them to go. Which is fine because it looks like a great bar to hang around in.
