3	I loved this huge electronic store, that is located right by the major shopping mall in Montreal.They had a sale that day, buy 1 dvd and get the second half off. I grabbed two movies for the long Amtrak ride home to NYC. Good prices, friendly staff and so much to choose from!
1	This place is good only if you know what you want and need to buy, otherwise do not bother, the staff could not care less about customer service, they are rude, arrogant and most of the time have no technical knowledge whatsoever, especially the guys at the computer department which is the worst department in the entire store. If you want to buy a computer or almost anything else go elsewhere, they are poorly stocked, and usually the items on sale are missing from the shelves.
2	My advice is that you check the items online first and if possible go to the manufacture's website for more info on the item because the sales people  at Future Shop know squat about anything, especially at the TV&Video section. I bought a BluRay player and had to take it back because I followed the suggestions of a salesman who had not a clue of what he was selling...needless to say that the staff is rude and dismissive with the customers.
2	If you ever go to buy something that you saw online then you should take a printout of the webpage. I went today to buy an Windows 7 upgrade listed at 129.99 on their website. I got there and I it was listed at 240-something told one of the douchebaggy salesmen at the computer department and he retorted that 240 was the right price, did not even bother to check on his POS...at the end Staples got my money...Staples $ 129.95...FutureShop  $0
4	Its the better Future Shop in the Downtown area. The one at Place Alexis Nihon never has the item I'm looking for and provides poor service. However this one, always has stocked shelves and friendly service.
2	This is the worst future shop in the world! It's dirty and sloppy. They don't make an effort at all at keeping this place organized. And good luck in finding a smiling face to help you. Everybody looks miserable. I'd rather get in my car and drive to another future shop in the suburbs.
2	Terrible store. 1 star for the terrible service and another star only because the security going out was nice and the item I wanted happened to be on sale at checkout which was a nice surprise ! Other than that, the service sucked no one helped and the guy left while I was paying like what the heck. Also, I had to ask for help not offered (odd for future shop normally it's the opposite haha). Also they were playing music obnoxiously loud in the stereo section.
2	What I hate, when I have to shop at this particular Future Shop, are the salespersons: they will be insistent to come and ask you if you need any help, or even give you their unasked advice when they see that you have a product in your hand and are reading the information on the boxes. If I want an advice or have a question, I'll go to you, sales guy; otherwise, just leave me alone!If you know what you are buying, just put some earphones and go straight to the alley where the products you want to buy are: otherwise, the salespersons will just constantly annoy you with their attention, trying to make a commission out of you.
2	This place makes me angry and gives me anxiety, I'm not sure why exactly, maybe the fluorescent lights or the stacks and racks of single purpose tech, or the hordes of matching staff everywhere who seem to communicate both that they are vaguely superior to you and in desperate need of a sale.  I've had some good interactions with some smart friendly folks here, don't let me get carried away, but the overall taste in my mouth is sour and To Be Avoided. It's two stories and central so that's good. End of the day, just another chain trying to make a buck.
1	BAD BAD BAD service.I went there to shop for electronics and the sales guy was too busy chatting on his phone with a smile on his face. I honestly felt like I am intruding on his private chat. I waited few moments hoping that he will notice that but that never happens. Execute me I said and I asked my question, he pointed with finger you will find there and did not move an inch from where he was. I decided to leave and on my way out I asked two other salesmen to speak to the store manager and that I am not satisfied. They both had the same answer, manager in a meeting. What pissed me off even more the other 2 did even offer to help or was curious to know why I was not satisfied. I left there and I promised myself to never step a foot into their shop on St Catherine
