5	I love Barry's Capezio! My daughter (5 years old) recently started taking dance classes. Barrys was right down the street from my home, so I stopped in for tights and a leotard. The staff was unbelievably friendly. They treat you like a long time customer. They were very helpful in finding the right ballet shoes for my daughter. The merchandise is of great quality, and they have a huge selection. I have gone to other dance-wear shops and none can compare. Barry's Capezio has been in business for over 20 years and I can see why. I will be going back tomorrow to get my daughter one of their beautiful tutus for her class recital.
5	How about a second five star review for Barry's Capezio?My wife went here recently to get dance supplies for our daughter.  We are familiar with the Capezio name as we went frequently to their store in San Mateo, CA when we lived in the SF Bay Area.  Service here was as good as back home--very friendly and helpful.  Plus, they weren't pushy to try to get us to buy a bunch of stuff that we don't really need.If you're looking for dance clothing/supplies in this part of the Valley, this is the spot.  Highly recommended.
5	I've purchased shoes, leotards etc. from Barry's over the years and have always had a generally good experience. I heard they were sticklers about returns/exchanges etc. though.Recently, there was a mix-up with two pair of shoes I tried on - I unknowingly left with the too-small pair instead of the bigger one I needed. Of, course I didn't find out until I stuck them on the night of the show...and Barry's was already closed!! I was so frantic that they wouldn't make the exchange after an awkward phone conversation with them, but I went in and they took care of it, no problem. Thanks, Barry's!
4	Good place to find dance stuff. There was an issue with my wife's shoes but they worked with her to make the situation right in the end.
5	I purchased costume and costume items from Barry's Dance Theatre Shop since the 1960''s.  I am a Costume Designer/ Dance Instructor  and  shop for costumes and accessories  from Barry regularly.  I  have confidence in the knowledge and customer service of the staff that I refer  my clients/dancers to their store.The staff is highly knowledgeable and experienced in fitting Dance Shoes.   If I need an item in  short notice  that they do not carry they will order and rush the item so that my needs are met. I highly recommend shopping for Dancewear and Shoes at Barry's.
1	Perhaps there are less customer-friendly stores somewhere, but I'd be surprised. I went into the shop to buy my first pair of adult ballroom shoes, and despite the fact that there were no other customers, I had to ask the woman who watched me walk in if she could help. She pointed me in the direction of the shoes. She started out being annoyed that I wanted to try on different brands for comfort. Finally, she crossed her arms and glared at me, demanding to know if I was "prepared to buy" shoes that day.  I would have said, Yes, except I certainly didn't want to buy from her. Appalling.
