1	---------------CUSTOMER SERVICE REVIEW ONLY--------------This is a rant but you know what, filter me for all I care but it's a valid rant. My first interaction with these folks was an email that said "RESERVATION CANCELLED"...which was conveniently 3 DAYS BEFORE I'm even set out to fly this weekend. In the email they stated that they tried to get a hold of us because apparently the CC on file kept declining (long story on that but thanks a lot for that one Amex). They tried to get a hold of us?! Shoot, did we miss a call? Did we miss an email? No calls, and after going through all our emails, we found their ONE contact email in our spam folder. It was titled "cc decline" from Bailey Roberts. Who the hell is Bailey Roberts?  Doesnt even say Jet Luxury Resorts unless you were to open the spam-looking email. Doesn't even bother to capitalize your subject lines (normally I don't care but if you're a professional company, use proper grammar). FROM THE ONSET, THAT ALREADY LOOKS LIKE SPAM and NOT professional. Turns out, the email was sent 24 hours prior that simply said they needed a new card. First off, sucks that it got sent to spam because it LOOKED like spam mail but man, you don't even bother to try a second time?Here's why I'm really pissed off. This hotel was booked 6 months ago yet they cancelled on us last night. You're telling me we could have easily resolved this in the past 6 months but decided to not let us know there was a problem until the week of?Btw, the reservation was for this coming weekend which happens to be Memorial Day Weekend. Not sure if you've heard of this holiday but it's pretty big. Which also means, when you're booking a new hotel reservation 3 days away from a big holiday weekend, your prices are now almost 100-120% MORE than what you would have paid if you booked 6 months ago. Should've booked 6 months ago. Oh wait, WE DID DO THAT! And then we got it cancelled on us. And yes, it's our bad that we had a CC snafu so I understand that but man, couldn't customer service have tried harder than sending a hapless email?Thanks but no thanks.
2	Same experience as above, booked months in advance and when I called to confirm they couldn't find me. The initial reservation was for Vdara but because they dropped the ball they had to book us a day before we were going to Vegas. The only had suites at Signature (which is supposed to be nicer) bur still. They sent us a confirmation number and all, but when we called Signature on the way to Vegas to confirm the reservation they said that it was cancelled by the owner. Multiple calls to Jet Luxury and multiple calls to Signature and we got a suite booked. Extremely frustrating and weird business model, not sure how they survive. I want to mention Yolanda who was most helpful on the phone, but I the whole experience with Jet Luxury was weird, frustrating and bad overall. This was a TravelZoo deal so maybe they have a different standard for their full price customers. This review is for Jet Luxury, not related to Signature, I have a separate review for them
5	I love this place not one complain. I would definitely recommend booking with Josh Gee through Jet Luxery Resorts. He gave me a really good price cheaper then going directly through MGM (702) 410-2903 :) they also have other properties.
1	I had a similar experience as the above.  Purchased a deal through Travelzoo for Mondrian Miami Beach.  Great deal.  But 10 days before my trip I was notified that my reservation was canceled due to the relationship between JET and Mondrian breaking down.  I had booked months in advance as well.  Customer Service was nice but uninformed and completely unhelpful.  I was told that they had a suite available at another location in Miami Beach (Fontainebleu) but I would be unable to get any break on the rate.  Expedia search resulted in a decent rate and when I told the agent he advised me to go with that rather than booking through JET.  Already received my refund from Travelzoo but still waiting for the room tax/resort fees I paid to JET.  Although they refused to give me a deal on Fontainebleu, I searched rates through their site just before departing and their rates were actually better than what I booked through Expedia.  WTF?  Why weren't they willing to give me a better rate when I was on the phone with them desperately needing a room because of them?  Final insult was during my stay in Miami Beach, I constantly received emails from JET reminding me of my upcoming visit and urging me to download their app.  Ridiculous company.  If you book and it is fulfilled consider yourself lucky.
1	Jet Luxury Sucks!This could be the most poorly, unethically run, hospitality company in the United States.  We booked the Mondrian in SoBe and after the front desk taking forever to find our room, solely due to Jet's mistakes (not the Mondrain's), we got our room.  I've stayed in the Mondrian several times and LOVED IT, and while it would be hard to screw up such a cool room, Jet did.The bathroom door was covered in orange blotches (blood?  pasta sauce?).  It was so gross that I put my bags down and immediately got a rag and soap to start cleaning.  The signature Mondrain sink (oh so cool) was replaced by a basic Home Depot looking version.  There was no where to place toiletries so we had to use the table outside the bathroom- what a pain!  The bathroom mirror had the light bulbs in it at eye level but several of the glass shades that should have covered them were missing, blinding me.  The towel/dryer stand looked like it was from Target, or maybe the Salvation Army thrift store, -cheap, chipped, nasty.I read that the carpets in Jet's rooms were filthy and after counting over 15 different hairs, I agree.  Gross!  I called Jet only to be put in a telephone prompting game where they never answer, but let me go in circles back to the same messages.  When I called reservations, I got someone who said he would take care of it.  Later that night I got a nasty message saying that because I went out that night (like who wouldn't in SoBo), housekeeping couldn't enter my room.  So how do they do it for ALL their rooms in the morning?  Of course they have a key!!!!So after being greeted by a filthy door, cheap bathroom, gross carpet, and shitty customer service,  I find out that the resort fee doesn't cover complimentary internet (that's a first) and The Mondrian explained that because they're fighting with Jet, I can't even pay for it.I complained to Jet again and was told a manager would call me right back.  -never happened.  Instead they dinged my credit card  for bogus charges, which were treated as fraud (committed by Jet) and all removed by American Express.  This review is simple- JET SUCKS!!!
1	Be careful with this company. They are dishonest.  The agent I was working with gave me a quote that included $75 extra. When I questioned him about it, he didn't reply. When I left a review here, he signed me up for spam (both can play at this game). BTW it isn't resort fee because resort fees are $28 a night at Vdara and that fee is charged by the resort itself upon checking in. $28 x 3 =  $84.He later wrote me back and told me it was the resort fee. Liar! Person I was working with was J Gee.Also note that this company advertised the rates to be "30-60% OFF HOTEL PUBLISHED RATES" which is another lie. The cost was exactly the same as booking on Vdara's website except with Jet, there is an additional $15 booking fee. Here is the quote he sent me:11/22 $19911/23 $13411/24 $134 Booking Fee $15.00 Taxes $66.84 Grand Total $623.84
1	I was not able to go on vacation with jetlux. Place looks really nice, but the service provided by the rental agent, Jetlux resorts was not good. Initially, I tried to book under a different VRBO number and it was a scam. Apparently someone had copied the listing to another one and was requesting a money transfer to Slovakia! I informed the company about this and their President told me that he, himself, would call me back with another villa to book or another one of their properties somewhere else. I didn't hear from them for over a week. Nearly every phone call went straight to voicemail (some of which were full and wouldn't even take a message), most phone calls were not returned at all; those that were returned were not returned in a timely manner, and emails were not answered. I finally was able to reach them today, and they are now all booked and have ruined my vacation. I would not recommend you do anything with this company, even if the property is good -- I would not have confidence that if anything went wrong, they would be around or available to fix any problems. Definitely not a "luxury" or "high end" experience.
