3	You can't beat the price with 5 people and thanks to a buy one game get a second game free for staying at the Orleans (w00t) it came out to $27 for 10 games and that's with shoe rentals! Tons o' lanes with a good selection of balls, but here are the downers:- No Music Playing- Lanes were slick (the approach) and when asked to get them wiped they never did it- Arcade (4 shooting games; which two were working; 1 racing game, SFII and DDR) meh!- The guests next to us (they were friends of one of the workers and they were annoying as HECK! With no bowling etiquette. And you figure the employee would have 1. cleaned our lane or 2. moved them to a lane with noone near them)So pluses and minus'. You make the choice to enjoy the lanes here or to go and venture else where say Red Rock Lanes....which resemble Lucky Strikes in Hollywood.
5	My husband and I had our reception here and they are the greatest. Our coordinator, Fawn, was amazing. She went above and beyond, and we hardly needed to talk to anybody all night! They just let us do our thing!!Great place for any kind of party.
4	Damn... this place was a lot of fun. We played for the $1 per game bowling special (weekdays, no Friday, after midnight). Shoes were relatively cheap (I think $2.50?). Honestly, this was a blur of a night, so the details are a bit fuzzy. There was music (in response to another review), but it wasn't super loud, which was nice. That meant we could actually hear each other talk (unlike when bowling alleys turn off the lights and pump up the music to make it like a club... which can get annoying). I didn't get a turkey, but I'm going to blame it on the alcohol...The desk was overworked (2 people for all the lanes), but they still were friendly and got their shit done.No lie, we were all pretty drunk, but we had a good time.
4	Locals frequent this bowling alley in a casino. It is actually a very interesting concept, but one that works. It is pretty typical in that it has bowling lanes and a bar. However, since the casino is open 24 hours, this bowling alley is open 24 hrs, another plus. It is so hot in Vegas, the locals have to do something, right? So they bowl! Yeah, it could be better if they did have music since Vegas is all about partying right? At least during the wee hours of the morning. It looks like they have midnight specials as well so if you come here, it would be worth it to do some research about that.
5	The Orleans Bowling Center has 70 lanes! Yeah, it's HUGE! And there are some pretty sweet deals if you go at the right times. $1 bowling! How could you go wrong?!Bowling is $1 per game Monday-Friday from 12am to 8am. Shoe rental is pretty decently priced as well, if I remember correctly. I believe it's somewhere around $2.75.  And, happy hour at the bar up there is the shizzzzzz. They also have these sock vending machines, just in case you forget yours. (Cute vending machine socks, another plus!!) I got a pair of socks with cute little pandas and a panda head attached on to the back of each sock by where the Achilles tendon lines up. Anyway, bowling here is a lot of fun. I would highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area or when you need a break from gambling.
3	I came here on a Friday night to have bowling night with some of my co workers. If you can carpool with someone then I would suggest that you do because even valet had a huge wait. The bowling alley has a lot of lanes. I think two games with shoe rental cost about $13.00. They play music over the speakers but they didn't have cosmic bowling though. There is a lounge where you can have a couple of drinks while waiting for the rest of your group. I went to the snack bar to get a snack before we bowled. I had the hot dog it was a little too salty for me. The seasoned fries that came with it were delicious and crispy. I would be happy with just ordering the fries! My coworkers ordered tons of chicken wings our table was filled with chicken bones. I didn't try them though cause I didn't want to get my hands greasy then bowl. I'm weird like that! They looked good though!
3	I am not necessarily a bowler, but I like to go bowling from time to time with family and friends.  I believe the only real reason people come to this bowling center is $1 bowling at midnight!!QUICK SUGGESTION: If you like to bowl often, invest in some bowling shoes! (My brother did, and all he has to spend is a dollar per game). If you play 2 games and don't have shoes, the bill comes out to 5 bucks per person. JUST A THOUGHT =).So... some of my friends have told me why they dislike this bowling center, and they have told me that the lanes are way too oily, that their balls don't go in the direction they were intending it to go to, but what can you do?! Sounds like an excuse right? Haha.I still need to practice my whole form, technique, and throw, so I'll suck it up and deal with the oil until I perfect it all. HAHA
5	$1 bowling at midnight can't go wrong also a lot of lanes.  Also if you wanna take a break from bowling and not go down stair to the casino u can get a beer for a $1 at the bar. If ur a bad bowler like me blame it on the beer.
4	Huge alley with a ton of lanes.  Reasonably priced! $1 dollar bowling at certain hours.  Check for the times.  Even at peak hours the price is decent.
4	Aside from the wet carpet the bowling alley was awesome
3	Great simple bowling alley.  Close to the strip. Fun thing to do for a break with friends if you are tired of doing the Vegas thing. Cheap bowling. Shoes are clean and some are new. The bowling balls are okay, could be better maintain. We had a good time and definitely will come back for more fun!
5	$8 Buckets of beer and good people just wanting to have fun.  Never had a bad experience
4	Losing your butt in the casinos? Why not "fall" on your butt in the bowling center as I once did!!! I was on a losing streak and had to relax and protect  myself from financial ruin, so I thought I'd go bowling. Good idea. It is fun to just take your time, bowl a game or two, even if you're like me and if you got a dollar for every point you made in bowling you'd go broke!! That's one of the reasons I like staying at the Orleans, not just for the comps, but for the variety of activities that are available.Take my advice and step back for a bit, it'll do you wonders!
4	Holy cow! This is the largest bowling alley I've ever bowled at! 70 lanes. I had my bowling tournament here. I practiced Friday night at 1:30 in the morning(open 24 hrs!) for only $3.75 a game. The place was clean and bright.
4	2012 Review #155:Contrary to popular belief, there is such a thing as too much Vegas. Too much gambling, too much heat, too much walking around in a sugary drink-induced haze, listening to the hum of the casino floor. Bowling is a really great pick-me-up at those times, because you pay up front, you have your fun, and it is what it is.If you are staying at the Orleans, you get a buy-1-game, get-1-free, for up to 3/6 games. Games normally are around $3, but from 12am-8am, games are $1.Shoes are $3 no matter what, though, so one day I'm determined to get some cheap bowling shoes so I stop paying excessive show rental fees. And I can know whose feet had been in those shoes. The attendants are pretty mellow, but they are really good at placing you just far away enough from another group to give you some space, but not make you feel ostracized. In my second visit, I forgot to bring socks, but rest assured, the city of "we can fix that mistake!" has a sock vending machine here. Not only are they socks, but they are clean, and absolutely adorable. I got some sky blue and yellow socks with little stuffed bear heads on the backs of the heels. They are pricey, for socks, but they have a nice memory attached now.I'm always amazed at how well-insulated this place is, because you would never know there was a bowling alley here, nor would you ever know there was a casino below the bowling alley. Also, for a bowling alley, which normally is one of the smokiest places in town, this place is not very smokey at all. There is an arcade, a set of restrooms, a snack bar and a bar, that has nice prices on pitchers of beer. I realized that a pitcher of beer is somewhat hard to come by in Vegas, but they have them here and they're reasonable. Pitchers, cheap bowling, and late-night fun almost make you feel like you're not even in Vegas at all.
5	f, there is such a thing as too much Vegas. Too much gambling, too much heat, too much walking around in a sugary drink-induced haze, listening to the hum of the casino floor....
4	I'm going to beat Adonis tonight!!! Love this place, if you work in vegas you bowl for a $1.00!!!The bar has a wonderful beer selection!!!I always for get my socks and they have a cute sock vending machine!Great simple bowling alley.  Close to the strip.
4	Brought my little ones here to bowl. Everytime we go to Vegas they look forward to the Orleans for the pool, the movies and of course the bowling.  This visit was pleasant and fun. The staff was friendly. The place was clean enough. If you need to have the lighter 7 lb balls for the kiddies just ask at the desk. They'll take an extra shoe. But, it's well worth it. There are plenty of lanes here (I think about 76 lanes?).  So, we have never had to wait. However, we always call ahead of time to see when the bowling league has the place reserved.
4	For a bowling alley it's pretty much perfect. After midnight it's only $1 a game, although shoes were fairly expensive at around $5(can't remember exactly). A decent amount of drink specials along with no real complaints make this place probably the best bowling alley I've been to in Vegas.
4	Bowling alley pretty clean and a lot of lanes.Food at the snack shop was not bad.Drinks were pretty cheap. Bucket of 5 beers was bout $8 bucks.Was there to watch tournament, but would definitely go there to bowl if i run out of money from gambling!! lol
4	Came here for one game of bowling while in Las Vegas for New Years. I didn't know such a Hotel/Casino existed that contained a bowling center but here we are. I really enjoyed playing a game of bowling here as it looked really clean and there were many lanes in this place. Unfortunately, its located far from the Strip and is more of a place to come out with others to play than it is to party. Just from the one time here however, I am a fan and with the right people this place is fantastic and cheap!
3	This is my family's go-to place for bowling and even celebrated sibling's birthdays here. The lanes are nice, clean, well-maintained and there are a lot of them, 70 in fact. So there's rarely a wait to get lanes unless it's league night. Call ahead to make sure. The bowling balls are pretty standard, some are pretty banged up since they've got a lot of miles on them. Speaking of a lot of miles, their shoes have that too. I own a pair of bowling shoes so I don't need to rent them but some of my family have and eww, they're pretty grungy. Which is why I don't understand why you have to leave one of your shoes as collateral. So you don't run off with their old icky bowling shoes? Bwahaha! I suggest buying your own bowling shoes even if you only bowl once or twice a month for fun. It eventually pays for itself and you won't get other people's foot cooties.Seriously, I dig this bowling alley because it feels like a local joint. I would recommend this place for a fun date night or moderately-priced family activity.
4	Came here after midnight the past Labor Day weekend and had tons of fun! Besides Gold Coast, I know this place offers great deals on bowling. The venue is spacious and clean. Highly recommend!
5	Lots of lanes. Clean. Easy to access bar, and tables and slots downstairs in case you're still fighting the urge to gamble a little. This place rocks! And it's a great step away from the regular lounges and nightclubs.$1 games on week nights from midnight-6am. With $3 shoe rentals. Including Sundays.
5	We came origianally for the buffet and realized that the casino had a bowling alley. We decided to take our 3 kids upstairs and do some bowling. It was $26 for 4 of us for one game (residents get a little discount when you show ID). It was pretty clean and we really liked it. Will be visiting again for some more fun
4	A clean bowling alley with lots of lanes. Stay in the hotel and receive a 2 for 1 game coupon. It's a nice option to have when you've lost all your money downstairs or need a break from all the winning you're doing. There's also a small arcade attached and a snack bar for your noshing pleasure.
5	Awesome Bowling Alley! Best Lanes in Vegas! Don't come here for food unless you want to get fat!
4	Great family place when you are in Vegas with the under 21 crew.
5	BIG BIG Bowling ally!! There's so many lanes! Came here on a Saturday night around midnight after a long day of gambling and shopping. There wasn't a wait to bowl and it only cost $7.00 for a round of bowling (two people) I love that this bowling ally is open 24 Hours! How convenient!! This is totally one of my late night spots in Vegas
4	I used to league bowl on the East coast.I don't know how many of you know this, but when you bowl out here, your average drops 20 pins from what you bowled in the East. I don't know if it's the climate, or the fact that they have pro tournaments out here pretty often.In any event, I've bowled in at least 10 different hotels in this city, and the Orleans bowling alleys are by far, the most challenging lanes that I've ever played on.I think the main reason that they were so difficult, was that this particular league was an afternoon league, so we always bowled on freshly oiled lanes.I loved the challenge, and the fact that my team took first place that winter, has no bearing on this review.Their pro shop is good, but they're not open for night bowlers.My only problem, is that they ruined bowling for me at any other hotel, because the others are less challenging.Oh well...so my average will just go up a few pins.Anyway, if you want a real challenge, bowl in the early afternoon at the Orleans.It's great.Oh...and they also have good French fries and burgers.
5	Only been once so far, will update after a few more outings, but was quite impressed with our first visit.  We'll definitely be back, best bowling experience we've had in Vegas so far!Service - Probably the best front-desk experience we've had;  very fast, attentive, organized.  Seems like they had more staff around than Red Rock Lanes or Sun Coast's alley combined.  We ran a bit over on time & they were extremely friendly & courteous to our group of four in terms of providing options and had no issue with us opting to just take a refund for our 8th game.  Best experience we've had with bowling alley staff so far.Prices - Probably towards the higher end of the spectrum in Vegas but on par with the overall quality experience.  Plus, they do provide a small locals discount on bowling games which is nice.  Lanes - They're *fantastic*!  Incredibly well-oiled, and frankly the best we've seen in Vegas so far.  The equipment is very solid.  And most important to me, appreciably fast ball returns, nothing worse than waiting on your ball!Bar - Friendly, fast, good bartenders.  Only negative is no pitchers and the tap selection is fairly poor (a few standard domestics & shock top) but the prices were fairly reasonable given the high quality experience.  Atmosphere - It's great, very spacious, clean, and comfortable.  Overall it just seems to have a "classic yet modern" feel to it.  Only negative would be that the score-keeping screens are located just behind the ball return for both of the adjacent lanes which could get a bit awkward on a crowded night but wasn't an issue for us on our first visit.  Top notch otherwise, though!Music - Mostly top 40 which is pretty much perfect for a night of bowling & beer.  Very happy with the energy & ambiance of this place.Food - We didn't have a chance to try the food on this outing, will give it try next time!All in all, this will be our new go-to place for bowling for the foreseeable future!  :-)
4	I only come here a couple times a year whenever I visit Vegas. Whenever I go there is usually only one worker at the front and every year I go, he's always extremely friendly and has a good sense of humor.There are SO many lanes! when there isn't any league it's pretty empty..it maybe it just feels that way because no one is really close to each other.
4	$1 games from midnight - close! can't beat that price!
3	I was between 3-4 for this place, but it just feels more like a 3. Best part about this bowling alley is they have a ton of lanes, and the prices are good. Worst part about it is it feels very rundown, old, not very nice. Not to say it's bad, but having been to newer more themed bowling alleys, this place just seemed real outdated. Other than that though, bowling was fine, price was good, and I would go back if only for the price. ($3 per game)
4	Ever wondered how it would be like to own a bowling alley to yourself? How about playing bowling during the zombie apocalypse? This place was empty on a Tuesday early morning. I've forgotten the feeling of human warmth and commoderie. Other than the workers  ever so frequently float on by in the back like the ghost of Christmas past, it was just the sound of my focused breathing and the sound of lonely balls rolling it's way into the gutter - story of my life. $1 games are never bad. Go if you're not a gambler. Lanes are straight and unbiased. Place is well lit. Air is cleaner upstairs too. Or if you're a parent. Give your kids $20 and tell them to knock themselves out playing here for the next 2-3 hours while you win yourself a new pair of shoes.
3	So we initially came to this establishment because we saw a bowling special for $1 bowling after midnight on weekdays. In my mind, I thought that Friday was still a weekday....don't let your mond think like mine! They mean Mon-Thurs... I s'pose that Friday after midnight is technically Saturday... so we paid full price. Full price isn't horrible, but there are definitely cheaper places (check out Red Rock's bowling alley). This ended up being about $10 per person here... again, not horrible, but there are cheaper. We didn't drink or eat, so I cannot really comment on that. As far as the bowling goes and the lanes... we had a fun time! It serves its purpose...nothing extravagant or crazy. I wish they had more of a ball selection though... kind of got stuck with heavier balls (sorry, I can be immature and I am CRACKING UP writing this but I cannot think of another way to arrange my wording :/) and that's no good for me. I never did find one that was 10lbs. Not sure that we'll come back here outside of their Mon thru Thurs special... but if it's the mearest alley to you, it's not bad!
2	First I should say - I had a great time. The facility is great, clean, etc.  Could have played some better music but, whatever. For the most part, the Orleans Bowling Center is a good time and deserves 4 stars...However.. I hosted a group on Labor Day weekend which I had called ahead and planned for months in advance, with this venue.  They ended up double-charging my party.  we paid $160 dollars for 7 people to bowl 3 games.  That's outrageous.  I thought so, day of as well but I was in a hurry and time was of the essence - I had to catch my ride back to my hotel (I'd have had to pay for an extra hour for the driver if I took too long)When I called them to have them explain to me, the high cost, the fellow I spoke with couldn't come up with the price I paid either. He told me he'd have their manager/finance person call me back but I never received a call back.  If you have a group, PLEASE make sure they give you an exact cost, ON-SITE, prior to starting to bowl so that you don't end up getting screwed.
