4	I think we made our first visit to this restaurant on March 21st 2008 at about 6 p.m... I can not really comment on the interior of this place as we sat outside. It was a wonderful temp with the orange blossoms giving off a fantastic fragrance. We ordered;I had the stewed lamb shank in tomato saffron sauce served with basmati rice. All the flavours were there. I enjoyed it as is but suggest it be served a bit warmer.My sister had the Combination of filet mignon and Koobideh kebob served with basmati rice. She also enjoyed her food but too found the temp off.My mate had a mixture of ground beef, minced onions and seasoning, skewered and grilled to perfectionon a bed of basmati rice he too enjoyed his food but again the temp was not as it should be. So since the temp was not spot on I can only think the food sat for a bit before being served. We all shared a colorful plate of fresh cut mint, basil, Radish with Feta cheese along with some hummus and pita..       All of the food had good flavour and was enjoyed just not as hot as it should have been. The wait person was a nice young man. He obviously has never been trained as a waiter, I am sure he will do much better if given some instruction assuming there is someone there that can do such.The cook/chef should not stand on the sidewalk next to the restaurant smoking and spitting in view of the clients. Not appetizing at all.
4	Nice variety on menu for lunch and dinner.  The chicken salad/wrap is delicious along with burgers, soups, hummus and other choices.  Seems to be a favorite for morning breakfasts and coffee, especially out on the patio.  I saw a sign for a night with a belly dancer there too.   Very nice owner and good local place.  I think I saw it can be delivered by the youbuywefly.com delivery service group too.
2	Service took forever! It was a quiet Sunday afternoon with people at only 3 other tables. Why did it take 25 minutes to get 2 sandwiches out? My husband had ordered a refill on his soda before we started to eat and it didn't come out until after he was done eating. The sodas were flat when we got themm AND they charged the full amount for a refill on the soda. The food was OK but not really worth the wait. It seemed like a ripoff too. close to $30 bucks for 2 kebab sandwiches, no sides were included, and 3 (should have only been charged for 2) sodas. I would not come here again...
5	How did it take me so long to learn about this place?!!  If you are looking for a really comfortable, casual place to grab GOOD food, check this place out.  The food is outstanding!  The lamb is juicy, succulent, hot....perfect seasonings.  I cannot wait to go back in the cooler months and sit outside.  Seems family friendly, although our booth was situation up against a wall of bottles of alcohol so if you have the kiddos, avoid that table!  It seems as though they also offer coffee drinks in the mornings, as they have a coffee bar towards the back of the restaurant.  I will have to check their coffees out next time.  The server was VERY friendsly, perhaps a bit too much for my table of four and our ongoing conversation but it was fine.  She was excellent in informing us about the belly dancing shows and to please come back for dinner sometime. My answer: Yes I will!!
5	I love this restaurant! My favorite dishes are the Koobideh kebobs or shrimp kebobs with saffron rice. They also have live entertainment such as belly dancing and bands. They even have a hookah bar! I personally love the ambiance and decor in the restaurant.
3	Nice atmosphere and delicious food - but a bit pricey for what you get. We ordered the mix appetizer plate ($12) and the lamb kabob plate ($12-$15 can't quite remember). The mix plate came with hummus, grape leaves, tzatiki and an eggplant dip (not baba ghounosh though - slightly different dish). Everything was great - really good flavor, but once again would expect more food for the price - especially compared to other middle eastern places around the valley. Same thing was true with the lamb dish - lamb had great flavor and was really tender, but only got a single kabob and rice. There was no salad/soup/side with the dish. Generally at other mid eastern restaurants, I'll have enough left to take a to go box for the next day but not here. We'll probably go again to try some of the other dishes - they had lamb shank but were out last night. Hoping some of the other dishes come with a bit more.
3	I bought a gift certificate for AJ's on restaurant.com so I came here one night to try it out with a friend. Walking in, the atmosphere is pretty decent. It's clean and is decorated more like a cafe.We started with the hummus, which was mediocre. Then we ordered the big mixed grill plate which included grilled chicken, kabob, and filet mignon. I was somewhat disappointed that it was the only option on the menu that had a mixture of grills, but it didn't include lamb. The filet was tough and not very tasty. The kabob was pretty decent, and the best meat was the chicken which is usually my least favorite. Overall, I thought the food was okay at best. The price seems over-priced for the quality and quantity of what you're getting.Service was friendly, which was a big redeeming factor, as well as the fact that they have hookahs even though we didn't try it.It wasn't a bad experience but I wouldn't go back there. I'll have to try other places in the Valley and see how they compare. I would of course take my review with a grain of salt because the last time I had this genre of food was in the Middle East, which was simply amazing and I don't know how I'm going to find anything as good in the states.
2	Overpriced, underserved and ignorant.AJ's charges the same prices as The Persian Room, but serves a laughable portion of sub-par food. The koobideh was too stiff and too salty. The barg (filet mignon) was tolerable. The joojeh kabob (chicken breast) wasn't even seasoned with saffron or citrus. These guys are doing it wrong.To top it all off, the server suggested I get an extra side of rice because "it's the best part, and our rice servings are kinda small." Dude, rice is cheap. If it's so good and you know it's a small serving, MAKE IT BIGGER. I'm paying $16 for lunch, you can afford another cup of rice.Anyway, our server admitted never having tried Persian food outside of AJ's, which should have been a huge red flag. He also had a rather dopey, unaffected personality that really didn't add to the experience.Neither did the light rock radio station playing in the background. Could you buy some Googoosh CDs, please?With places like The Persian Room and Tasty Kabob, there's no reason to visit AJ's.
1	I came here during the Litchfield Park arts & culinary festival. I was seated by a young girl who apparently didnt tell anyone so I was then accused of sneaking in & seating myself! The waitstaff was then rude & innattentive to me. One of them was apologetic but I dont think i'll be back.
5	Delicious!  The first time I had it, I didn't love it...the second time I tried their food turned me around.  Really...really good and the owner has such a great demeanor about him.  Two dollar Tuesday...great deal!  Cheery, friendly and they give military discounts.  You have to love any company that supports the military!!!!
