4	Fountain Park is one of those soulless leisure complexes that is there to use up your hard earned cash.There is a large Cineworld cinema, Pizza Hut, Nandos, a casino, Virgin Active health club, bars, bingo, bowling alley and a kiddies soft play center. I actually quite like Fountain Park because it is right on my doorstep and it has everything I need for an evening on entertainment. There is a large car park so you can drive here and if you use the cinema or other businesses your car park ticket is validated making the parking free. Free parking in Edinburgh is a bonus! You can go for something to eat and know what to expect in the chain restaurants before heading off to the cinema/bowling alley/casino. It's perhaps not as large as some of the out of town complexes you see in the likes of Glasgow, but it does have everything you need and something for everyone.
3	Every city has one: one of those huge complexes that houses a cinema, a bowling alley, a casino, a Nando's, etc etc but not a lot of atmosphere. In Edinburgh, it's a tie-up between here and the Omni Centre.Despite how ugly and soul-less they are, these places do serve their purpose. You're all agreed on the fact that you want to do something with your evening, but nobody's up for a big full-blown night out; nor can anyone decide where to go/what to do. It's a simple solution - hope in a taxi to Fountain Park and you're bound to find something to please at least most people.Be careful though, it's one of those places where you come out having spent way more than you planned to. In the bowling alley a vodka & coke costs the same as in the average George Street bar!Word of warning number #2: it's chav central, especially on weekends.If you're in a big group, you'll invariably have a good time here because there'll be so many of you that you won't notice all the annoying/tacky things about this place. Otherwise, there are plenty of other restaurants and bars and even another casino much closer to the city centre.
3	The main attraction of the Fountain Park complex, in my fair opinion, is absolutely the Cineworld cinema encased within its leisure orientated walls. Otherwise, I'm not really sure why I would come down here, unless it was to go bowling, which I attempted to do recently, and embarrassed myself to a degree where I don't really wish to return unless I get some private coaching before I do so.It's not the most hip, stylish or attractive of monuments to fun, then again, there's nothing that unattractive about Fountain Park either. My attraction levels towards its aesthetics remain fairly neutral, but positive things to mention about it would include that there are lots of parking facilities, and considering it's fairly near the city centre, where there are slim to hardly any parking spaces, this is a useful thing to know. If you're a fan of the Nandos chain, there's a large Nandos for you to feast at here,  although it always seems to have really long queues, and consequently waiting lists, so if you're planning on having a big chicken dinner before you go to the cinema, then get here early.
4	If you're the type of person to complain about a venue being soulless, characterless, or lacking in atmosphere, then one would think you would know not to come to an out of town leisure complex. Soullessness is a requirement of such complexes, and in some ways is a benefit if you're looking for an evening out but can't face the thought of using your brain or imagination.Cinema, chain restaurants, bowling, casino. It's all here, and all perfectly dull and acceptable.
4	Well located in the city? Check.Bus links and good sign posting if you are driving? Check.Big car park? Check.A few chain restaurants? Check.Cinema? Check.Bowling alley? CheckBingo? Check.Gym? CheckFunctional soullessness? Check.Sorted.
4	I have many happy memories of spending regular winter Saturday afternoons wasting money at Cineworld, the main attraction here at Fountain Park Leisure Complex.Cineworld is the big million screened cinema you were expecting. Come here for blockbusters not for art house cinema. Don't expect the latest French silent film about a cat who's also a plumber to be shown here, expect Toy Story 3 played night and day for 6 months. The upside to this place is that its a bit cheaper than other chains like Odeon. Contrastingly the food is, as always, expensive. (Psst there's a newsagent across the road where you can buy cheap snacks!).Fountain Park also contains predictable restaurants like Pizza Hut and Nandos, as well a Ten Pin Bowling and an arcade where I've been known to waste a few too many coins pretending to shoot aliens.
1	I'm really not a fan of complexes in general, whether they be architectural or psychological. They remind me of being stuck in Lubbock, Texas, where there's nothing but enormous overly airconditioned malls and churches. I mean, a leisure complex is essentially an excuse to put 10 chains under one address, in a building that stays lit all night long and is too shiny to have a soul. Also, there isn't any cold water in the bathroom of the cinema, which is almost a sure fire way to get people to purchase a bottle of water instead of just refilling their own bottle (tsk tsk, what a waste of plastic!). Anyway, this complex is the home of a bowling alley, a cinema, Nando's and some other stuff in the same vein. To be honest, I think the bowling alley's possibly the only thing worth going to there, as you can go to a better cinema (Cameo, Filmhouse), or a Nando's somewhere else. Also, there is a bowling alley in Duddingston, but it's nowhere near as large as this one.
4	Although a bit further out than the Omni Centre, this is definitely better. It is in exactly the same mould, a cinema complex with a few eateries and other entertainments. The main attraction is the cinema which is much better than the Vue in the Omni. For a start it's substantially cheaper and has more screens so there are more films to choose from. The staff are much friendlier and the food here is better and cheaper than the Omni. Also the do an all year round 2 for 1 on studentbeans.com meaning that it's effectively Orange Wednesdays every day. As well as the cinema there's Bingo, which I've never been to but I assume it's pretty hard to mess up Bingo. Also they have a bowling alley which is really good fun and not too pricey. It does lack eateries though, with the only one around being Nando's. I am not particularly fond of Nando's, I think it's overpriced for average food, but the one here is quite nice, it's modernly decorated and the staff are cool.If you want to go to the cinema in Edinburgh and are prepared to travel a bit out of town then come here, it's noticeably better than the Omni Centre.
4	If you want a night where you can do casinos,bingo, game of bowling or just fancy a slice of pizza this is the correct review you should be reading. Mecca bingo, Circus casino, tenpin, pizza hut, cinema, mexican bar and mccowans bar amongst others. go on try it.It's a shame the Mecca Bingo closed down, I quite liked that pace.
4	I used to work here as a cleaner in Gambado. I can tell you this the place is not a really pretty place at 6.15 in the morning as there is a casino there called the Gentings Club that is open sometimes until 6am. The cineme isn't that bad but make a night night of that if you go to the cinema. There used to be a Mecca bingo here that I enjoyed going to once or twice a week but its closed now and joined up with Mecca at the cappy in maderston street. Old Orleans bat upstrairs some nice cocktails there. McCowans is a nice place for a meal or a drink. And a bowling alley is the best. I will say though some of this place used to be a brewry and is still infested wiith mice. Don't let that put you off because Gambado is the only place I've seen  them and it may only have been a part of the place where I only saw it because I was a mamber of staff at time.
3	This is a very modern and well-maintained leisure complex and I've enjoyed going to the cinema here a few times and, on a different occasion, coming here to the Nacho Fiesta restaurant. The complex also has a Nandos and a casino. It seems to me that it isn't exactly a place I'd come to to spend time at the complex in general but, rather, I tend to come here for one specific goal at a time. The location isn't ideal as it's a bit far from the city centre and, walking here, the area doesn't feel very safe for a woman to come alone to this area. All in all this complex is nicely kept and very modern but seems to have mainly big chains. The upside of the not ideal location is that things are generally cheaper here, or at least the cinema is quite a bit cheaper than others.
4	It's amazing how important the proximity to town centre is in a city the size of Edinburgh. I've seen bars and clubs and restaurants come and go on this site over the years and I just don't get it. For such a holistic space, it really has potential to cover all bases, and located a mere 10 minutes from Lothian Road.For example the restaurant space up the escalator of the indoor concourse, the back windows of which give one of the best views of the Edinburgh skyline. Why that continues to go through incarnation after incarnation is beyond me. THe view alone should command a flurry of table bookings. Granted maybe a chain like Old Orleans isn't the best cuisine for attracting the kind of crowd who would book a table based on its view. The food is important too.Pizza Hut, Nando's and Megabowl are all hardcore staples of Fountain Park, and the cinema, although it has gone through a few guises, has always been a cinema.A lot of boxes are ticked, but I do feel this place could with a Lazerquest or an Alien Rock... something a bit more current to add to it's line-up and update its calling card.Deserves more attention than it gets.
3	This place could be so much more than the some of its parts, but it ain't. You have a half circle of a partly frosted glassed building on top of an underground multi storey car park. It houses just about what one desires in an entertainment complex.. and that is what it offers, nothing more than a way to be out of the rain and entertain yourself. . You have a casino, Nando's Chicken Restaurant, 10 pin bowling, massage chairs, virgin active, Pizza hut a massive Cineworld (with Starbucks) and then some other restaurants and bars. A little play area with shuffle hockey and that is about it. Once you are done what you came for - film/bowling/gym, whatever, it is difficult to find pleasure in hanging around. There is a Taxi rank on site and a bus stop close by with bus 1 / 34 / 35 servicing It is surrounded by building sites  (currently still - Dec 2013) and I understand that by 2015 this is supposed to be the hubbub of modern student living - seeing what is being built, this Leisure Complex looks will be outdated. In conclusion, it serves its purpose and provide all in one access to entertainment venues. More than a 3 stars - but not a 4.
3	Fountain Park Leisure Complex is some place i've not found myself frequenting often.  most likely it's to due with the distance from my flat all the way out to fountainbridge, but i have found this place handy when wanting to see a movie or go for some bowling.  i've been the bowling lanes about three times and enjoyed it, so a good place for a different sort of night out.  the cinema is quite good as well with loads of theatres and all the new releases.  this is also the only cinema in Edinburgh where you can go to see movies in IMAX 3-D.  the restuarants in the complex are ok, hard to go wrong with nando's, but i feel like town offers far better options for eating out.  basicaly an A-OK place if you're looking for a movie and quick dinner.
