4	Gordon Biersch, especially at this location does one thing really well:  Great cold beer on a great patio!  I can't really comment on the food, but their beers are good (only on tap please) and when the bring in a special, like their seasonal maibock at 6.5% abv, you know you've got a seriously well crafted beer.  Scottsdale does not have many good breweries, but the quality at Gordon Biersch and the chance to have a cold one in the sun is a great step in the right direction.
3	Each time I eat here...I always look at the menu and end up having the same thing - the ceasar salad with salmon. Nothing else really interests me on the menu. The service is good - no complaints there. But its nothing special. But I will tel you this - there is nothing like a cold beer on a hot day!
2	I've been to the location in Tempe, which is typically pretty good. This one was terrible. We ordered the "pot stickers"... supposedly precooked and then pan fried. I will tell you that the chicken was raw and the dough was chewy. We made one complaint, and the waitress assured us that they were "cooked." Then after cutting into another, the chicken continued to be under done and pink. We sent those back, and waited at least another 20 minutes for our main meal. That was just mediocre -The Southwest Chicken sandwich. Will say the beer was good as usual.
3	Very average burger joint.  A little expensive for what you get.  Didn't know any other places in Tempe.
4	Great beers served in traditional German 1/2 litre glassware with a diverse menu of American to American fusion entrees.  Garlic fries are one of their signature entrees, and the bread pudding dessert is one of my favorites.Nice contemporary brewpub atmosphere, cute outdoor deck with fireplace & fire in the winter months.  Reliably good service & good corporate model.  I've had their frequent diner's club card for over 10 years now.
2	The only reason I am giving 2 stars is the beer.  As for the rest, imagine overpaying for not-so-good food in a restaurant that smells like dirty dishwater and looks like it came from chain restaurant heaven.  I guess I just prefer local restaurants over chains.
3	summerbrau is light, lots of citrus, low alcohol% and 40%-off menu specials before 4pm--hummus and goat cheese salad with chicken; it's worth the trip.--wedge salad with blue cheese and bacon is my comfort food.--MEAN garlic fries; use caution.--gorgonzola potato wedges, $1 extra, but SO good.--rib-eye, though most expensive on the menu, is awesome, and it's with a pile of mashed potatoes and veggies.--specials may have expired by the time you read this, but rigatoni, corned-beef reuben are my favorites from the 40%-off menu.--check the burger specials, (though if you're a purist, the beef patties arrive frozen)--veggie or pepperoni pizza, but order it extra crispy--staff is always extremely friendly, helpful, will fix ANYthing without question, so don't be afraid to ask if you have a request--cool shot-glass desserts, if that's your thing.If only they'd have freedom to use fresh ingredients to create "chef's specials"; i'm sure they'd be great.
2	I really want to like the place.
5	Two words.. Garlic Fries! No one can beat this garlicky goodness. Your breath will ward off lurking vampires that i guarantee but you will not complain..soo worth the breath!
4	Just had dinner here with my mom. Our waitress was very kind and attentive to all that we asked. (woohoo!)The food was great and very satisfying. I had the Steak-Frites, which was excellent. Perfectly cooked, which is rare these days. The atmosphere was nice and I got to watch the sun's reflection over the McDowell Mountains in the east as it went down, absolutely beautiful. Dessert wasn't the best, but that's okay. Now I need to go running to burn off the intense amount of food intake I had at Gordon Biersch!
4	I have been to this location many times and for some reason I am just getting around to writing a review. I was there with some coworkers for a luncheon and the service was as good as always, heck maybe even better considering it was party of 19! Let me start off by giving a HUGE shout out to Gina and John, our waitress and waiter of a table of 19. They were OUTSTANDING!!! Well almost as I am giving someone who shall not be named a half star for not asking if we wanted to have dessert before presenting us with the check. Hello! That was no-no. However I must admit this person redeemed themselves hence the reason why I go back to saying OUTSTANDING service! The table started off with four orders of the southwest appetizer sampler which included bison sliders, jalapeno cheese and spinach dip, and the southwest egg rolls. Everyone dived into them immediately as we had four of them on our table and were a hungry bunch. I must admit, they I tried a little of everything and it was quite good. I had never had bison before and it was very lean and very juicy. Very, very good. Next everyone ordered everything from theSpinach Salad, crab cake sandwich, burgers, Tuscan chicken pasta, and slew of other things just to name a few. I ordered the lobster and shrimp tacos with those fabulous garlic fries. Now I must say that I was disappointed in the lobster and shrimp tacos as they were overloaded with old bay seasoning which made them EXTRA salty. I am a fan of old bay but you gotta use that in moderation because that is some salty seasoning. FYI if for some reason I am mistaken and they did not use old bay (which is sure as heck tasted like it) then my apologies but it was still do darn salty. The garlic fries however were yummy as always. If you are not a fan of garlic I would NOT recommend that you try these fries or you will be beyond disappointed. I am just happy that I don't have to talk to anyone in the near future because I am sure I reek of garlic. No vampires are coming near me that is for damn sure. We also ordered dessert after of course I made a fuss ( but in a good funny way) and believe me it was well worth it. My one coworker ordered the warm apple bread pudding and she swears it was the best bread pudding she has ever had. I am not a fan of bread pudding so I will have to take her word for it. Everyone else ordered the mini dessert tasters that come in tall shot glass. Just enough for a little taste of heaven without going over board. I ordered the strawberry cheesecake and although it was very good, I dang near choked on the crust at the bottom of the shot glass. That is what I get for being greedy. Other coworkers ordered the carrot cheesecake mini, chocolate peanut butter mini, chocolate fudge cake mini and of course a couple of the strawberry cheesecake minis. Someone also ordered their pumpkin pie cheesecake and like the bread pudding, it got rave reviews. Again I will have to take their word on it. I will give them 4 out of 5 stars. Why not 5? Well my particular lunch was not outstanding, although everyone else seemed to have enjoyed theirs and not exactly offering dessert. Again I do give HUGE shot out to Gina and John and also to the cute hostess (I will let them wonder which one I was talking about) Awesome service indeed!
2	I am one of those people that talk crap about Gordon Biersch behind its back but I'm nice to its face. I go there and continue having expensive yet mediocre meals, but like I just said- I go there. My boyfriend asked me once "why do it to yourself when you don't enjoy it? " I don't know. Maybe I'm a masochistic eater. Actually, I'm just very agreeable and I work super closeby. AND if I didn't go there I would just walk over to Whole foods and spend a zillion dollars on a goulash-y takeout container that I don't even like after I pay for it. For me, lunch is more about getting out and doing something else for an hour a day. If someone wants to go to GB I will happily tag along and probably eat, even though I know I wont like it. At least there's not much harm in that, except to my wallett! PS- Lori is the nicest, sweetest server/bartender ever and chatting with her makes up for the crappy food!
2	Can somebody please give me a tongue scraper??? Quick! The taste (or lack thereof) of the crappy $9 bloody mary is piercing my tongue! One of the things that irks me the most, is when you go to a restaurant, spend ten dollars on a "signature" cocktail and it tastes like garbage. In this case it tasted like water tomato juice, with a sprinkle of pepper. And a massive celery stick that engulfed the glass. So you say, you should drink beer when you go to these places. You're right! But then don't put crappy drinks on the menu, just to fill up space. All in all, we are in Scottsdale after all...there are a million places to go that have more to offer.. I left after the drink. You got me at "hello?" No, not so much.
4	They have the best Garlic Fries, but I was actually impressed with their Cajun Style Pasta, I did not expect it to be so delicious! Nice beer selection and even on a Busy Fri night, not a long wait for a seat. Definitely a Great Happy Hour spot.
4	Love their beer, garlic fries and the service!  never disappointed with my meals at Gordon Biersch...we were there last night and caught the tail end of their happy hour and it was perfect!  Try the tappas plate...their hummus is amazing.  Our servers were great especially for the bar area being packed.  Got out of there with a few drinks each between the 2 of us and 3 items off the hh menu for $36 including tip!  woo hoo... love it!
4	Family in town from the midwest - looking for a little variety of different foods and of course - beer! What a great choice . . from steak to chicken medallions to burgers to mauhi mauhi or and don't forget the garlic fries and mash potatoes.Price - a little priceyService - greatAtmosphere - relaxing and upbeat (bar and flat screens for the sports fans)Definately will go back
5	The Marzen is what I usually drink here. The Southwest Egg Rolls are tasty. The bartender and waiting staff is top notch.
2	Food was great as always, but the service is a little lack luster. Got the wrong drinks a couple of times and the staff in general is not very courteous.
2	Had some of the happy hour dishes.  While I didn't have the kobe sliders, they didn't look very appetizing.  Calamari was a bit too oily and the squid was a bit too mooshy, as opposed to a slight crunch.For my main dish I got the seared tuna.  It was a bit sub par.  Seemed like it was frozen and forced to thaw a bit too quickly.  The raw portion of the tuna was too squishy and broke apart like it wasn't supposed to.  The taste seemed a bit off.  I had to dip it in the wasabi cream which killed whatever flavor the tuna had, which made it consumable.  The green bean sides were too hard and crunchy.
4	I love their pizza. i order pizza at traditional pizzerias and then wish it was more like the pizza i've gotten from here. bad taste on my part? i don't know, and i don't care because i like it...Unfortunately, i haven't tried most of the menu otherwise.  in terms of the pizza alone i'm happy to give this place at least 4 stars. the crust is good (chewy but crisp and not too thick or thin), there is neither too much nor too little cheese, and the toppings are flavorful. my favorite pizza is the vegetarian. it's topped with a small assortment of  veggies and fresh spinach (raw), with what seems to be a little sprinkle of viniagrette. yum. of course, their beer is good, especially the hefeweizen. i'm not a huge fan of the corporate atmosphere, but the pizza helps me forgive that relative flaw.
2	Hostess staff were a few unorganized morons-- it appeared as if it was literally their first night on the job. Maybe too many of them? The service was fast but I wouldn't say friendly. She made a few mistakes with our order-- gave my daughter a cheese pizza when we ordered pepperoni..  She put a glass right in front of my 22 mo old who grabbed it right away of course-- few other rookie mistakes like that. Calamari- gross. Lobster/crab tacos with white bland rice-- don't order it. My husband was happy with ribeye and atmosphere is cool and clean.
4	My wife and I have been going to the Gordon Biersch on Mill for years and this was our first visit to this location.  The Mill location is a lot larger and a lot less crowded.  I think the ambiance and view of the Mill location is a bit better to my eye than this location.  Anyway, the service, food and beer is pretty much the same at both locations.My wife is a member of their Stein Club thing and so we get invited to several events per year where we get some free food and beer.  After the event we normally stay for a bite to eat.  I'm really not a fan of their food but stay partly because I feel bad for drinking the free beer and partly because I am too lazy to get dinner somewhere else.Last night there was an event featuring their Maibach beer.  I had a few of those and sampled some of their orange chicken and garlic edamame.  The Maibach was excellent but the food was just eh.  The orange chicken was slightly better quality than Panda Express and really not very good and very odd for a German beer place.  Actually, most of their menu is odd for a German beer place.  The garlic sauce stuff that they put on their garlic fries was the same thing they used for the edamame.  It was unique but really not very good.  I mean it is a slightly healthier option than the fries but is really just too oily/buttery to put over edamame.
4	Great food and a comfortable bar area, even with kids.
4	This was a good all around experience. I ordered the tuscan chicken pasta, which turned out to be very good. Service was friendly, prices reasonable, and there were plenty of items on the menu that make me want to come back.
4	Ok, so on Gabe's recommendation, I tried the Blackened Ahi Tacos today... they were freakin awesome! The ahi was seared perfectly and they come in a hard shell WRAPPED in a soft shell to keep all that good stuff in!! My coworkers and I come here alot for lunch and after work drinking sessions... the bartenders know us well and take very good care of us... even when we get a bit rowdy! For a chain restaurant Gordon Biersch knows how to bang out some damn good food! Word to the wise: Stay away from the garlic fries if you're only half way through your work day... they are POTENT!
5	The food and beer are always good and the service is outstanding. I had a problem with my order and they fixed it right away without any questions.
4	I've been to this location about 10 times. It is one of a few gastro pubs in the Scottsdale area and the food is consistently good.  Though their beer is actually brewed on the other side of town they have the usual GB beers and they are very well brewed representations of their respective styles. My favorite are the crisp Czech pils to start and then the roasty schwartzbier toward the end of the meal and desert. Some time after Thanksgiving they have a Seasonal Boch that is a wonderful malt bomb.Some of my fellow beer nerds pan them for not having a hop bomb on the menu, but they are missing that Gordon Biersch does traditional German styles and they do them very well--all of them are lagers except the hefe and an altbier that I may have had seasonally.
4	After hearing buzzwords from friends such as "free beer", I decided to go to GB's Sommerbrau keg tapping party. My expectations were greatly exceeded! I stroll in and wait in line to get drink/raffle tickets with my seriously pregnant sister (more beer for me!). The place is packed, the line is long but extreme efficiency is being used. Our friends saved us a seat at the outside section of the bar which is hard for five, but we make do. It's summer and scorching hot but the breeze from the AC kept the outside diners cool. A bartender immediately comes over and gets our drink order, notes happy hour food specials and drinks come quick. Happy hour is great at $5 - $7 apps and $2 off beers/wine = $3 for a good beer. I'm drinking the free beer which is light and delicious! They also were giving out free bruschetta and their signature garlic fries (a must!). Sister and I share the tapas plate ($5) which was very tasty. A generous amount of humus, fresh tomatoes with herbs, a fantastic olive spread and lots of  roasted garlic cloves with pita. We didn't even finish it due to fullness. Our friends got a heaping plate of the house made chips with bacon, cheese, and onions. Looked good as well! We didn't win the raffle but the two girls I was with each won $50 gift cards at the last tapping party. They had several good prizes!I was there for four hours and spent $3 + a nice tip for our attentive bartender for 3 tasty brews and food. I will be back to pay them real money and try their other brews very soon! If you join their e-mail list located on the website you will receive an appetizer coupon ($10 value). They also have a GB card you can get for the VIP treatment and to get points for free things!
2	I really like the location and the layout of the restaurant/bar.  Great place to watch some sports and have a beer.  However, for a vegetarian who likes IPA's this isn't the place to go.  Pizza or salad are your only real choices.  From a beer standpoint, I just don't like German beers, so thats my fault not theirs.  Their Hefeweizen is actually pretty good, but I really don't go beyond that.  I don't like the Pilsners, Lagers or Kolsches.  I wish they'd go outside the box and do some more styles of brewing and add some vegetarian things to the menu.  As it is, we really only go about 2x a year due to the limited options. Not saying it's a bad place, unless you are a vegetarian.
4	First time here - stopped in for lunch as it is close to work and wanted to try something different.  We were not disappointed!   I had a take-out menu so was prepared for the offerings and prices (a tad high in my opinion).  They also had a daily lunch special menu which was more on the affordable end and had a nice variety.  I enjoyed my chicken club sandwich w/ bacon & melted swiss, partner had a GB cheese burger.  Server gladly substituted veggies for fries, and the veggies were tender & tasty - squash, carrots & onions.  Nice atmosphere here and very comfortable sitting in the booth.  Our lunch total came to about $30 including 2 sandwiches & 1 soda.  Not cheap but nice when you want something a bit more upscale than fast food in the area.  This experience has encouraged me to return for dinner sometime.
5	The food and beer is always great and Lori and Nicole are excellent  bartenders with super personalities. My favorite bar and grill in north Phoenix / Scottsdale.
4	Great food/beer - pushy waiter!  This was my first experience at Gordon Biersch.  My parents were visiting, and decided to take my husband and myself out to dinner.  I ordered a beer and the lobster and shrimp tacos.  Both were excellent. My husband and parents all ordered burgers and beer.  I didn't try the burgers, but the garlic fries that came with them were to die for! I loved everything about the restaurant but the waiter.  He was extremely pushy and would not take no for an answer. If it wasn't for him, I'd give the restaurant 5 stars.
4	Went here last night, and really enjoyed the beer sampler.  A deal for $5.    The salmon ceaser and the potstickers were good as well.  I'm a big fan of quick service, and our waiter did a great job.  We sat in the bar area, and the vibe was busy, but not to the point where it was too much.  I used to have my reservations because the one in Hawaii was 3 stars at best, but I have to say they're doing it right here in Scottsdale!
3	I went with large group for a holiday gathering. We were asked to pre-select our entree from a set menu.I understand that getting hot food out to thirty people can be a real challenge. Our server(s) did an outstanding job of that as well as making sure that everyone's drinks, alcoholic and non-alcoholic, were always refilled.About the food: I had the steak medallions - three good sized pieces of peppery sirloin steak served with mashed potatoes and vegetables - it was just OK. The steak was tender enough but there was nothing special about it. The mashed potatoes were dry and the veggies were, well, they were veggies.They served some appetizers beforehand. Some sort of spicy chicken eggroll thingy that was pretty good. Dessert was apple bread pudding that was so-so. They brew their own beer but I was dismayed to learn that they don't offer an IPA. I had a Czech Pilsner that was just OK.Overall the food and beer experience was decidedly middle of the road. I like the ambiance of the place. It's kind of an upscale bar and grill atmosphere with menu options galore. I will have to go back either for happy hour or to try something from the regular menu.
3	Okay, I do love Gordon Biersch as a whole but this one was a little below par compared to others I've been to. We ordered 3 dinners. A kid's burger, a chicken parm and the NY strip with tempura shrimp. The chicken parm was bland and really nothing special. The garlic mashed potatoes were cold and hard, the steak was warm (though cooked medium as ordered) and the tempura shrimp were warm. Given that the chicken parm came out hot, this is classic "die in the window" waiting to be served while the other order was still being prepared. For $20+ entrees, simply unacceptable.The waiter never came back to check on us after the orders were served. That's serving 101 in the restaurant world. If he had, I might have gotten a chance to tell him what was wrong, but he didn't. I like GB in Glendale much better. They seem to always be on top of their game.
3	I've been back a few times now and it's hit or miss.  You can't miss with the burgers or the garlic fries.  Tried a salad recently - pear gorganzola with pecan crusted chicken.  Sounded great but boy was this dull - no flavor to be found anywhere including the abundant boring dressing.  Chicken was thin, dried out and also flavorless.  Friends had better success with tacos, chicken sandwiches and yes, burgers.  Sticking with a burger is probably the best plan, move away from that and you might get an unpleasant surprise.
2	I have been to this restaurant twice, HATED the food.  The last time I went I had a great bartender. I can't remember her name, but she was good. Too bad the food couldn't live up to the service. Very poor quality menu! Great weekend drink specials and service, but food SUCKS!!
4	Gordon Biersch has the best Hefeweizen, I know most people go for the Marzen but I am a sucker for the Hefe and GB has my favorite.Food is ok - hence the 4 stars.  Its standard grill style food, a little pricey but good.  Try the garlic fries!Service is always good at this location.
3	The hefeweizen was really outstanding.  The service was quite good.  The food was fine.  I enjoyed it, but it was very standard chain food type stuff.  My mac and cheese was good, but not great.  My dining partner's steak was quite good.  I would be happy to eat here, but I would probably not go out of my way to do so.   Except that Hefeweizen is really really good...
4	We aren't huge fans of chain restaurants, but this is one of the couple chains we do frequent.   It was the beer that brought us in and probably what keeps us coming back.    Happy Hour is a good time to come and it goes until 6:30 where a lot of places stop at 6!  get the garlic fries if you are a lover of garlic.   Other good choices are the pulled pork sandwich or the crab cake sandwich!   mmmService is hit or miss at this location, but never so bad that we haven't wanted to return.
3	Food's ok, love the drinks though. It's more of a sports bar feel.
2	I wasn't impressed.  I mean, the food was just "eh" my sandwich fell apart.  Going to a Beer place, I expect lots of potions for Beer, and well they only have 5-6 beers to pick from.  Meh.
4	We came to this location shortly after it opened and it was a solid "meh" for me so I haven't been back until this past weekend.  I have to say - it has turned around!  The menu was interesting and varied.  The chopped salad is divine and is a fantastic option if you're looking for something a bit lighter.  My husband raved about his burger.  They have a wonderful list of cocktails which is always refreshing to see (I'm not so much a beer-o-phile so I appreciate the options).
3	Stopped by to grab quick bite while waiting for my ring to get re-sized. They have a good selection of beer on tap. I ordered the Marzen which was a nice amber.We sat by the bar and ordered food. The bartender was nice and the food came out pretty quickly.We ordered pulled pork sliders which were okay and the Hawaiian pizza which wasn't all that great. Overall was okay to come by for a quick bite, but I wouldn't go again.
5	Thank you for being wonderful!The beer is terrific, the Southwest Chicken sandwich is the only thing I ever order because it was the first thing I ordered years ago and I don't need to try anything else.  And those garlic fries are to die for.This is one of my favorite places for a Girls Night or a fun place to take the extended family.
5	bartenders always friendly, nice to come by here after work with all my co-workers and relax for a bit. easy-going atmosphere and hh pricing always good!
5	Try the Moroccan Chicken on the low calorie menu.  I was really surprised at how great it is.
1	I initially went to the Gordon Biersch in Tempe and was not impressed as their beers were flavorless.  However, my wife and I live within walking distance of this Gordon Biersch and a few months ago went there for a snack and a drink.  I can't recall what I had (it was a seasonal), but it actually tasted like a decent beer.  So, my opinion was beginning to change.  until a few weeks ago.My wife and I are from Indianapolis and we wanted to go somewhere to watch the Colts vs. Bills game.  We walked to GB, arriving at 11:30 a.m. (the game started at 11).  There were a total of 6 people in the restaurant taking up 2 separate tables, 1 inside and 1 outside.  None of the 6 people were remotely interested in any of the football games showing on the various tvs.  My wife and I sat at the outside bar and asked the bartender if she could switch a tv to the Colts game as it was not on any of the tvs.  She said someone had called in and requested the game showing on that tv.  (I think it was Cincy).  I asked if they could change a different tv, or put the Cincy game on another tv.  I also remarked that no-one was here, it was 11:30 and my wife and I were there and ready to spend money.  She said she had to ask the Manager.  The bartender returned - yes bartender - not the manager - and said, "the manager said we cannot change the channels since someone called in and requested the games."  I laughed and said, "well we are here, ready to spend money."  Keep in mind, there were multiple tvs - in the remote chance the Cincy fans arrived and wanted that game on that particulary tv, there were other tvs that were not being watched that could have accomodated us or the Cincy fans.  Again - only 6 people in the entire restaurant with multiple tvs - just none of them showing the Colts.  (and the hapless Cards were not playing until later in the day, at home)  The bartender was very professional, and annoyed at the manager's decision, but said there was nothing she could do.  So we left.  I thought it was poor management that the manager refused to change the channel and also did not have the courage to come tell us.Interesting note, we called BJ's and asked if they had the Colts game on.  They said "no, but we will put it on any channel you want."  Guess who we gave our business to?  I think we spent about $50, not counting tip.
2	I went to Gordon Biersch and ordered the Kobe Burger. It tasted pretty bad. The service was sub par too. I might have hit them on a bad day, but I do not have a good reason to give them another chance.
5	Awesome place. Have been here multiple times. Food and ambiance are great. Yesterday we ordered Crispy Artichoke Hearts, Tapas and Taco chips [this is a bar option only]. We also ordered veggie pizza and fresh mozzarella pizza. All tasted yummy and these are the best veggie food I tasted in sometime!!! Their beer and long island iced tea also tasted awesome!To top it all, our server Mr Nolan was so funny and friendly. It was as if we witnessed some classy stand up performance! Thanks Nolan! You were great!!!
2	Not impressed. Food was ok, server was average. I guess I just expected more for the price. Most items $20+. I eat out 2-3 times per week and will pass by here next time. I'd say its worth driving a few miles to desert ridge and eat at BJ's if you want a brewery type restaurant.
3	Eek, this rating is tough because finding hair in your food just isn't A-OK, however the manager's way of handling it was A-OK! Shelly took time to come out and personally apologize. She also explained their policy in which all the kitchen staff wear hair nets. She also said she talked to the head cook and showed him exhibit A so that he could talk to the rest of them and make them aware. Although my friend and I had only ordered 2 apps, Shelly took care of both so we ended up only paying for our drinks. A little bummed about the experience because the service was good and worth going back for.
3	Having loved this place for years as is, they up and changed the menu.  The lower calorie menu is completely hacked to pieces and has only 4 items on it.  The Moroccan salmon and chicken were both gone.  As was my favorite sandwich, the Southwest Chicken, which started my love affair with this restaurant initially in the early 2000's.  But alas, the love affair is OVER!This time I tried the Steak Frites (steak over their garlic fries).  The "tangy" sauce they advertise being put on the steak is freaking ketchup.  It was nasty.  The steak was cooked fine, but the ketchup ruined it.  And the fries were not done (and I think they forgot the garlic).  I was so disappointed. This was our 2nd visit since the menu changed and our 2nd disappointment.  I have no reason to go back anymore.
3	This place in all other respects earns 5 stars; great servers, great patio and atmosphere, always a favorite destination ... so what a disappointment last week to find they'd changed their previously excellent Happy Hour menu and not for the better!  Their best HH items have all been changed.  I admit to being a picky eater, but I can always find something on a menu anywhere ... not this time. I had to order a sandwich off the regular menu to find something appetizing -- and isn't that what Happy Hours are supposed to promote: appetizers?? Please bring back some of the great pizza options for Happy Hour!
5	Wonderful experience.  Everyone raved about their food and rightly so.  I had the seared ahi tuna with wasabi aioli and was soooo sad when I was down to my last bite.  It was a little expensive for two items on the plate but it was delicious.
4	Went there after a not-so-good experience at a local tap room and it was great. I had a great burger (Classic with jalapenos) and a Jamey and Ginger. Service (hostess and server) and food were both fantastic.
5	Hands down, this place is absolutely awesome!  Our waiter was super helpful and made us feel right at home ( I wish I could remember his name to give him the shout out he deserves) and added to the whole experience of this brewery.  Everything we ordered (minus the lobster bisque - which I sent back) was to die for.  Try the blue crab and artichoke dip when your go in!  I will definitely be coming back for more!!!!
3	Pretty good, but something's missing. It's like going on a date with someone good looking, but totally lacking in personality. I feel as if I should like GB, but there's just no spark between us.I don't know if it's the decent but overly cautious / lackluster beers, the food that is just slightly over-priced or the chronically cold and stiff corporate service. As much as I LOVE craft beer and bar food, I just havent made a love connection here.
5	Terrific Tuesday at GB!  From the time Brittany welcomed us to our table with a big smile and conversation, until the last sip of Blonde Bock, it was a delightful experience.  I tried the brew sampler, as I always do, and then the large Blonde Bock to follow that.  My wife had two Blonde Bocks, and they were only $2.50 each on Tuesdays all day!  She tried the Mediterranean nachos small plate, and I tried the filet mignon sliders, which were by far the best sliders ever!  Topped it off with a shared plate of GB's famous garlic fries and our night was complete.  See you there next Tuesday!
4	We come here fairly often. Sometimes the TV & music are battling each other and on one occassion we actually left. Food is good, great selection of beer, good kids menu as well.
3	I really liked the atmosphere here and the beer is great.  Happy hour food was pretty good.  At another visit we had a hamburger and fries.  It would have been perfect except for THAT BUN!  OM-Gosh what a horrible bun.
3	Good consistent food and great beer. Really only come for their great happy hour and to watch football and of course the garlic frys
2	All I can say is that the stars and planets must have been out of alignment as I can't believe the trouble we had last night!Her Royal Highness and I took in a movie and decided to try this normally excellent spot and left very, very, very disappointed.We sat down, waited forever to be greeted, waited even longer to order bevvies, waited some more to order, had to beg for a second drink, had to ask for water THREE times, and when the food came out, we got three orders but not the forth.  Ten minutes later, the manager came and advised that the kitchen had goofed up and they had just now put the order in .....  Let's wait some more .....  That meal came and was so under cooked, her Highness couldn't eat it.And what was funny is the fact that they weren't half full so being super busy can't be an excuse.In defense of the restaurant, they did take the late meal off the bill and they did apologize.The quality of the food (when we finally got it) was OK, not great and not bad, just OK and I thought they were a bit over priced.This normally great joint just slid down the list and hit my "bottom 50" group.
5	Just stopped in to meet some friends for a drink. We had a larger party (8) and the staff was very friendly and willing to get us seated  quickly. We really appreciated this since we didn't call ahead. I ordered a beverage from the specialty cocktails list. The Cucumber Basil Collins was very refreshing and deeeeelicious!!! I would order this again!
2	Giving this place 2 stars because at least our server understood that we had a terrible experience from start to finish and let us leave free of charge. We ate here about a year ago and had great food so we gave it at try over this past weekend again. It took forever for anyone to even come to our table that when they finally did we placed our entire drink and food order at once. Our drinks then proceeded to take forever to arrive but did after about 15 minutes. And we just ordered fountain drinks and water, very easy stuff. So then we waited and waited and waited for our food, and we had a hungry 5 year old too. And waited some more, finally our server comes over and says "sorry the kitchen is backed up today". (This place was not busy at all) it was late afternoon. So after about an hour our food comes out and its cold, the food runner spills soup on my seat and onto her thumb and back into the bowl as she was holding my soup. Gross. And then never cleans up the soup off my seat. Anyway, everything was luke warm but the topper was our child's "chicken tenders". One piece was small and crunchy and had very little meat in it, the other piece was huge and perfectly rounded. So I bit into that one and it wasn't even chicken! Reminded me more of a hush puppy. So we were just so done with this meal by now and flagged down our server. He had no explanation for the weird chicken or anything else, so I asked for our bill and he just told us to leave. So we sat there for over an hour and received nothing that we could actually eat. Good times....
3	Good happy hour, the beers were good but nothing to send home as you gotta visit this place.Got the garlic fries, which were only $5.00 for happy hour. They were good, but again nothing too amazing about them, they were big enough to share though. I would visit this place again, but only if it were a close option, wouldn't go out of my way to go there though!
5	Food was very good!  I & my hubby shared  the BBQ Chicken pizza along with the Chopped Chicken salad. Was delish!The craft beer was great too!  Was a very busy Friday nite, but servers brought out food in a timely manner. Very happy with our choice of restaurant!
4	My coworkers and I like to come here after work for Happy Hour.  The place has always been pretty accommodating with our rather large group of people that usually go there.  It can easily be 10-15 of us if not more.  They'll pull tables together and find a way to seat us all together.I've never really had trouble with billing issues such as them not willing to split a check, or anything else like that.  There drinks and food are pretty good too.  I haven't had anything but their appetizers as my coworkers and I all find it easier to buy a ton of appetizers and share.  But if their appetizers are good I'm guessing their actual meals are delicious too.My coworkers and I are doing happy hour again soon and this will be the place we go for sure.
4	Good food, great craft beer. I your looking for a place that has late night dining with and extensive menu, affordable prices and great quality this is the place.
5	Once again, Brittany from last year was the one who told us not to miss Terrific Tuesdays at GB, so there we went!  We have become big fans of this day!  We have never been to the one in Atlanta on a Tuesday, although we have frequented it often, but always on the weekend, so I guess that's why we happened on this last year, thanks to Brittany.  But unfortunately, she is out of the serving business and has moved back to Georgia.  Alec was our server this time and we were seated immediately and he was very pleasant and took great care of us all night.  Since my usual sampler is not under the $2.50 21 oz. brews banner, I forewent that and went for one of my favorites, their delicious Hefe.  My wife got the special Sommerbrau.  Again we had skipped lunch, so we ordered starters each:  my wife went for the fried artichoke hearts, and I went for the 1/2 wedge salad with bacon and bleu cheese crumbles and dressing.  She then had the chopped salad with ranch for her entree, and I chose the three baby brats starter for my entree!  We were so full we couldn't even order a second beer.  We love this place and it is always delicious and reasonably priced with great quality for the money.  We finally joined the Passport Rewards program before leaving!  Can't wait for next Tuesday!
5	I love the place, especially the beer! Always clean, professional servers, always feels good, and good food as well.
5	Hubby and I are regulars at GB and have never been disappointed.  HAPPY HOUR:Often we just order off of the HH menu.  Some of our favorites include the Blue Crab and Artichoke Dip, the Fried Calamari (with yummy wasabi dip!), Southwest Eggrolls, Baja Tacos and Tapas (although we don't get the Tapas anymore now that they stopped serving it with roasted garlic, which was delish).  And their HH goes until 6:30 pm (which gives us extra time to order seconds!).BEER:We've never been disappointed in the craft beer at GB.  While some of them aren't to our tastes, the quality is always great.  The Marzen is my favorite on the regular menu, but I love the seasonals, especially the Festbier and the Winterbock.SERVICE/STAFF:The staff (especially Kenny and Cicely) treat us great (and we return the favor).  They've always taken great care of us, happily handling our special requests.  We've experienced the occasional slow kitchen, but that's typically been when they've had big parties who all put their orders in at the same time.  They are very friendly and accommodating.REGULAR FOOD:We've tried a bunch of different items on the regular menu, and have never been disappointed.  Some of our favorites are the Beer-Battered Fish and Chips, Cajun Pasta, Jambalaya, Burgers and CBLT (chicken BLT).And the more you go, the more you get back when you join the Passport or Stein Clubs!
5	I went with a friend to attend a networking event. Event didn't happen, but manager Brad and his staff were above professional w/customer service! He even offered to call the other locations to make sure we were at the right spot, then offered us water while we waited!  Courteous, spot-on customer service! Thank you, Brad & staff! :-)
2	Service was good which is important. The crab spinach dip was good. The lobster tacos which are $18 were not edible. They were so salty. The server noticed we did not eat them and we told him the issue and he said he would take care of it. The bill came and there was no compensation. We paid for a meal we did not eat. If the lobster is bad and not fresh then say u don't have it available but don't try to scam your customers into buying it
2	Good service.  Lousy and expensive food.  Wife had Ahi salad, which was the size of an appetizer.  Burger was OK, but fries were limp and soggy.  Sent them back for cole slaw.  Two beers.  Bill $38. Should have gone to Yard House!
4	Always have to check out a local brewery. While none of their beers really amazed me, the service and food did. I had a Kobe Burger, and while I still don't buy into the "Ground" Kobe hype, it was delicious. Their calamari was very solid! Service was great start to finish!
4	This is a pretty good place...except for the beer anyway. I have to admit that this is mostly due to my taste in beer. I like the hops. Our waitress was great! When we needed something, anything, she was there. She was knowledgeable regarding beer and food. The food was great: we enjoyed the garlic fries, the bratwurst small plate and the goat cheese flatbread. The only beers were brewed according of the German purity law of some century and were too bland for me. The seasonal Saison was worth a pint. There were others that tasted good but I need to be assaulted by hops. It won't happen here. But...it is a good lunch.
5	This Gordon Biersch is great. Great food and service! The manager Eddy is why this is my favorite location. He is always on point and you can tell runs the place well
4	What a great place. Always love the happy hour here. Always good, friendly service ! We stop in every couple weeks for guaranteed good food and a cold beer.
5	Wife and I love this place. Always top notch food and service, and their Hefeweizen is pretty damn good too.
3	Enjoyed the experience for the most part. Place was fairly empty and took a while to deliver some pretty basic burgers, salads and mc n cheese for the kids soooo knocked them down a bit for that. Black n Blue Kobe burger was good - went with the slaw as the side, mistake. Tasteless. Beer, however, was great!
4	My first Gordon Biersch location ever, and it was a good experience. I stopped by for lunch due to having my car worked on a couple of blocks away, and discovered that there is plenty of seating behind the bar (the bar itself was packed). The lunch menu choices were decent, and I wound up getting the flat bread. The presentation of it was nice, yet if I had the choice to get something else, I would. The flat bread tasted as if it was a small entree served on a cracker. Very, very thin and without much blended flavor within the bread. Yet I was okay with this, due to trying the various German beers. After sampling a small beer flight (3 samples), I went with the Schweitzbier. In two words: pure bliss. I ultimately ordered 3 Schweitzbiers, which pretty much summed up my lunch order with the flat bread. Customer service was fine, and without issues. I am certainly coming back to this location!
4	We eat here often. The garlic fries and southwest egg rolls are my favorite but the waitstaff is hit or miss in my opinion
2	Staff was super friendly and attentive.Jambalaya was way too salty. The andouille sausage could have been sliced hot dog (please leave the skin on and blacken a bit in a pan! Don't boil it!) Very mediocre. Wish they had added some kind of cool Cajun peppers like Arbol, ancho, anaheim, guajillo, anything! In conclusion don't order the jambalaya. Bf's burger was really, really good, so I'll definitely be back.
2	I feel like I could have purchased their food in the freezer section of my grocery store. Server was nice.
