3	We went to Fairview Grill for dinner and drinks one night. We expected an evening of pub food, draft beer, and an unpretentious atmosphere, and that's exactly what we got.  We had a coupon for a free entree, so to us the prices were VERY reasonable.  Generally entrees (mostly sandwiches and burgers) are about $8, which is an excellent value considering the quantity of food you get. We both had burgers, and we were both very pleased. My husband had fries, which he enjoyed, and I got onion rings (of course), and they were above average. The waitress got our order correct (even the "hold the X, extra Y" order we placed) without writing it down.  She was very attentive, and kept the beer and water flowing.  The atmosphere is one of a relaxed pub--everyone was very friendly there too, including two guys who waved at us upon entering and asked how we were doing.  Because we are right down the street from Fairview Grill, we will definitely be returning.  Might even shoot a game or two of pool. I don't know if it stands out among pubs in town, but it was an enjoyable evening overall.
2	We tried the Fairview Grill once hoping it would have that fun local bar feel and become a "new favorite" hangout.  Unfortunately, it was just an okay experience.  It was dead that night.  The atmosphere wasn't lively and the decor wasn't anything to feature in Better Homes & Gardens.  You had your basic wood booths with hunter green and maroon accents on the walls.   It was very 1980s.  They had the standard bar food menu, only much smaller than a lot of similar restaurants.  There was one burger option, one chicken sandwich option, one hot dog option...you see where I'm going.  There are many other bars to try in Charlotte and we've found some that are more to our liking for casual food and drink.
1	this place was a crap dive when it was on Fariview Rd and is no better here...it smells to high heaven, the crowd there is horrible, drinks and food are not good and the people who work there, who you'd think would be trying to be friendly/helpful to the people who DO frequent this place, are bored and pissy-acting...to give you an idea of the smoke factor, anyone whos ever been to NODA to SANCTUARY bar, its as smoky as that...not that smoke really bothers me but add that to the other factors and w/all the other bars in charlotte, its a big NO-GO!
2	A colleague said "hey, wanna go to the fairview grill after work for a drink?" I agreed having NO idea what the Fairview Grill was.  The name would make you think it's a grill. Well, no.  While the food isn't bad, it is a BAR.  Not a restaurant and bar but a BAR BAR that happens to serve food.  Pre-smoking ban, the place was unbearable as you would have to drive home with the windows down, go directly to the dry cleaners, and strip in their lobby to keep from having smelly clothes from funking up your closet all weekend.  Now with no smoke, it's bearable.It's more the 40+ crowd here but a few of us 20-somethings wander in from time to time. That doesn't bother me because the younger women are always coming up to me, asking for my phone number, telling me how attractive I am, etc.  Player Please!They have a patio and live music and it's not a bad place to catch the game.  The servers are always super nice so I don't mind catching a drink after work.
2	Fairview Grill has changed its name to Lucky Louie's. So what? The service is still horrible. The food is mediocre at best and their beer list is short. I went there last night for dinner and drinks with a friend and walked out sick to my stomach from the food. Even had to pull out the Pepto-Bismol when I got home. The Food...Wings: If you get wings, stay away from the Jerk sauce, it sucks. The Barbalo sauce was decent.Sides: I got the buffalo fries with a side of ranch for dipping and I must say they were tasty...very tasty!Burger: I got the Bacon Cheeseburger and ate about half of it. I prefer my burgers to be well-done and should have mentioned that so I guess that's my fault. However, the bacon was not crispy at all and they didn't even have A1 Sauce for me.Lucky Louie's does have a couple of redeeming qualities though:1) Very Nice Golden Tee and Silver Strike Bowling Machine2) Pool Tables3) Projector Screen in front plus plenty more flat-screen TV's positioned correctly throughout the bar4) They carry the NFL NetworkWill I go back? Probably not unless forced to. Especially not for the food.
