4	This place is one of the better McDonald's I've been to. Service is good. No surprises with the food. Kids love the play place. Drive through can get really crazy! Lots of teens hang out here.
5	We just celebrated my sons 2nd birthday at this particular location and the party was AMAZING!! I know when you think of McDonald's, no big deal right? Well, this one is special! Since we have a very rambunctious 2 year old we have tested almost every McDonald's Playland in the city - this one passes the test with him! We were looking for a location to hold his 2nd birthday and we were running short on ideas since many of the things to do in Las Vegas/Henderson are geared toward older children. In my search for a birthday location I found this McDonalds on a website that lists all the great playgrounds/playlands in the city and it had many great reviews so I called to ask if they did birthday parties and unfortunately (at the time I called) they said that they did not. I was seriously bummed - and continued on with my search. One day we decided to take our son to this McDonalds just to burn some energy. I swear once we walked through the sliding glass doors and my son saw the playland, it was like the heavens opened up and his eyes got HUGE!! So much to do, so little time! This McDonalds was perfect for him, it is equally split between a toddler area (4 years and under) and their normal ginormous playland for older kids (4-99.) The playland is immaculate and obviously very well cared for. I decided to ask again if they hosted birthday parties and the manger said yes they did! I was ecstatic, we had found our perfect party location! It turns out they were doing birthdays and had stopped for a while and JUST started doing them again around my sons birthday...lucky us! All that was required of us at the time was a small deposit of $40 and a guesstimated count of how many children will be attending. The day of my sons birthday was flawless, not a hitch and and not an issue that might be expected of a fast food restaurant. I got to the location early to decorate and to my (totally pleasant) surprise it was already decorated and I had my own "hostess" to help me with whatever I needed help with. Our party had separate seating with balloons, party hats and a banner. Our hostess went around and took individual orders and took care of EVERYTHING which allowed me to really socialize with the parents and spend precious birthday time with my son. We had an equal amount of toddlers and older kids and they were equally having fun. After we all ate (the norm Micky D's selection of food) the hostess brought out a cake large enough for all of us and ice cream too. It was time for the bill and I was so surprised to find that I was only asked to pay for the individual meals we ordered and anything beyond that was just a part of having the party there. All in all it was a fabulous day, my son had a wonderful time and so did his guests. I am so glad I decided to ask if they did birthday parties again!! **On a side note, we took our son to this same location to meet Ronald McDonald a few weeks before his party and we were able to meet the franchise owner of this particular location. She was very hospitable and cared very much about the children there. It is very clear why this particular McDonalds is so well taken care of.
2	I used to spend a lot of time eating drive thru. We are talking 3 times a day, 7 days a week. During that three years, I ate here at least 4 times a week, between breakfast, lunch and dinner. About 10 months ago I stopped eating fast-food all together, including McDonald's. At that time, the level of service that this particular McDonald's provided was on a slow decline.It started when I made the shift from double quarter pounders to grilled chicken salads. frequently, hell almost every time, I would not get utensils in my bag. So, I started asking at the speaker and at each window for utensils. Every time, I would get down the road, be rummaging through my bag, only to find that again I had no fork.My troubles did not stop there. Twice I got a salad, only to find that I could not eat it because the chicken was under cooked. If you know anything about working at McDonald's like I do (I worked my first job for 4 years at a McDonald's in KY), then you know it is hard to under cook grilled chicken. It is almost something you have to do deliberately. None the less, I am patient, so I did not complain.Periodically towards the end of my fast-food stent, the service level was going in the you know whatter. They had hired some 'new recruits' who were obviously to young and cool to care about the customers that they serve. I got full flavor of the chips on their shoulders every time i drove through. I knew that I was coming to the end of my fast food stage, so I just let it go and stopped eating fast food.Now, three days ago my brothers (who i live with), wanted to get McDonald's for dinner. I wound up getting it for them, though I was not getting any myself, cause I'm just that kinda guy. I go through drive thru, like always, and I can't believe it. Not only did I wait at the speaker for almost 3 minutes before anyone picked up, while there were no cars in front of me, but when I got around to pay, there was nobody at EITHER window. I waited, and waited, and waited some more. Finally after another 4 minutes, someone came to the second window scolding me for not stopping at the first window (which for the record I did stop for about 2 minutes). They were obviously having a bad day, and for whatever reason decided to take it out on yours truly. But that is not all. I finally get the food, make the short 2 minute trip home, get in the house, give my brothers the food, start telling them the horror story of our once favorite burger joint, and they stop me. They stop me to tell me that the food was so cold that they could not eat it. We wound up having spaghetti because it was just not eatable. Fail.I waited, hoping that I would just get over it, like I always to, but my voice has to be heard. This is simply outrageous. To think that in 10 short months, a restaurant can go from a family favorite to the worst place in the area is just unsatisfactory. Fail
3	I brought my son here to grab a quick bite to eat one very hot afternoon. It was nice that they have the air conditioned indoor play ground that seemed pretty clean. The food of course, isn't the healthiest but they do have better choices now. I got my son the apple slices instead of frys, and juice instead of soda. Of course he preferred to play then eat so he just ate when we got back home.I had the honey mustard grilled chicken mini meal, which was just average.
4	Its McDonalds, what is there really to say!! This location could potentially get 5 stars but its always alwaysbusy!! Not sure how much of it is slowness behind the counter or just being legitimately busy. Either way, I live close so this is typically my mcdonalds of choice!
2	This McDonald's is in my neighborhood, so I wind up going there on a fairly regular basis to grab food for the family. It's usually busy, but my main issues have been with the drive-through service. Two out of the last three times I have gone through, I have had to go into the restaurant to get items that I had paid for but were omitted from my order. For some reason it usually seems to be a Happy Meal (which I order for my grandson). On one occasion they left it out but gave me the milk I ordered with it. The second time they gave me a small iced tea with it (which I didn't order), charged me $1.29 for the milk that was supposed to come with the Happy Meal at no cost, and left out the Happy Meal itself.
5	There is a lot to be said about this McDonald's. The chicken is great. I love the fresh fruit in the yogurt parfait and if you ever give me hot fries you will see me do my odd but strange happy dance. And this McDonald's has seen the dance of I'm so happy I just have no shame dance about a million times. Oh and the ice creme cones are only a dollar bill. Sure they are extra busy at this location but that's a Plus can u say hot and ready food.
1	Great job, guys.   You just lost a rave, 5 star review and a loyal customer.My husband goes twice a week at least after working out to get a soda and a cup of water.  Cup of water is always free EVERYWHERE, until now...now you have to pay $1 for the cup (which is extra dumb, because a cup of soda there is $1...I guess soda's free and we're just paying for cups at McDonalds).I'd understand if he just walked in and asked for free water, but he was a paying customer, and they know him there as he's a regular.Also, very convenient that they suddenly start charging for tap water right when the hot summer weather hits.  Shameful.
4	This location is a really nice McDs.  What a pleasant surprise!I was in the area running some errands when my daughter wanted lunch.  I always cave in due to my ridiculous love of McNuggets, so we popped in for lunch.  The place was busy, but everything seemed to be flowing at a nice pace.  We didn't have to wait too long to order or for our food, which is always nice with a hungry toddler.  When we did get our food, it was piping hot and super yummy!  And I do know it is bad for me, but those gosh darn McNuggets, I tell you they have cast a spell on me!Now the real reason we go to McDs is so my daughter can play and interact with other little ones since she is an only child...So I really gauge my writing on how nice the play area is at each McDs, in all honesty.  First off, the play area was really clean.  I wasn't afraid to let my daughter go play.  I didn't feel the need to put her in a biohazard suit, so that is a big plus. This McDs has a huge play area with 2 sections for extra fun.  They have your regular climbing tubes and slides for your bigger kids.  If your toddlers are climbers, like my little monkey, they can handle these tubes fine as well.  The have a mini slide for extra little ones as well, which is nice because they don't have to be around all of the big kids, if they are on  the timid side.  They also had a whole separate climbing section that toddlers or big kids could play on.  It is nice for the kiddos to have so many play options.  There was also a lot of seating, so we didn't have to fight for a seat.  It isn't fun to have to stand and wait for someone to leave just so you can sit down.Overall, this is a nice fast food place.  Go check it out, if you need a quick bite to eat or have kids you need to wear out for their nap.
1	They just can't follow direction in getting an order right. If these kids are our future...we're in trouble.
3	The drive thur here can be nuts depending on the time of day. Watch out for the jerks that think they can come in from the back side of the drive thru when it's busy too! And if you're one of the jerks that lets them in when people have been waiting in line, I will yell at you or flip my hands up at you, it's not a zipper people ( you know how a zipper works) The play area is a favorite for my kids. Here is the trick for super hot fries: Order them with no salt. This way they have to drop a whole new basket, because the other fries are all salted! Then you get the hottest fries ever! You can add the salt yourself! Just don't do this in the drive thru because it holds up the line, and yes, you guessed it, I will yell at you!!!!
1	I used to love this McDonald's and it's actually a few cents cheaper then the one on cenntenial. After yesterday though I will no longer support this store. My wife stopped by hear yesterday to get myself and a few of my troops lunch then bring it out to us at work. Placing the order went fine and she got the food. Since it was a large order and she had to drive it out to us 20 minutes away she didn't stop to check it. When she delivered the food we found that a double quarter pounder was missing. No big deal I've been missing food from McDonald's before and gone back to get it. No not today when my wife gets to McDonald's and shows them the receipt and explains what happens they refuse to do anything about it. The manager tells my wife it's her fault for not checking the order for leaving. Isn't it your employees jobs to make sure the prder is completely filled out before you hand it to the customer? Now I'm out $5 because the manager refused to refund or give my wife another burger. Well we called the complaint line about it and complained thinking maybe we will be able to get them to send us a gift card for $5 or something, nope that's not happening either. So now we are out $5 for food we didn't even get. I know $5 isn't much but it's the fact that the store did nothing to right the wrong.
1	Out of all carbonated drinks and it's not the firs time. And when I asked for a lemonade they wants to charge me extra. I told them that was not fair and over 59 cents they refused. Add to that they are always on a long wait and don't have a great track record for getting food orders correctly, why go there. I went at 7:30 on a Sunday  March 6th 2014 so hopefully someone reads this and has a talk with the brainiac manager working that doesn't realize all their customers r regulars and u should be better to them. I guess because the name is McDonalds they don't have to take care of us. Oh if u want to call because of anything including wrong orders, no answer.
1	Don't go to this location the employees are rude and are not customer service oriented at all I got the food it was cold and hard if I could I'd give them no stars
1	The worst McDonald's in town longest lines horrible service.......... my kids hate the place now
1	I wish that there was a option for no stars.this is the worst McDonald anyone can find!!Everytime we go there they NEVER get the order right,their either missing a shake,get the drinks wrong.the last few times we've been they always mess up a happy meal(really,how can they mess a happy meal up).by the time we get home,and realize they messed up my daughters food,I call and then they question me about it and I have to PROVE that they messed it up.i get so upset because this time I waited in the drive thru for 30 mins.I really wish that someone get a New Mcdonalds closer to my home,because they next closest one is on W.Ann.please if you plan on a no stress dinner just cook at home and skip the frustration
