5	Dr. Chow is the real deal for Chinese Medicine.  I've been seeing him for about a year; his methods of healing using natural Chinese medicine, acupuncture, Qi-Gong exercises, aricular therapy and more. He is reasonably priced and he and his wife, Pauline, are true healers.
5	As a Chinese original I always hold a high regard to Chinese traditional ways of therapy yet it is also true that finding a doctor who is good at those is difficult not to mention outside of China. Dr. Chou and his wife Pauline never cease to impress me with their knowledge and care. I had some chronicle issue that couldn't get cured by visiting western doctors or western medicines and decided to go with herbal treatment. Dr. Chou and Pauline did a very thorough analysis on my situation, prescribed me herbals and applied auricular, acupuncture, and cupping therapy on me. After 3 weeks' session I feel a completely different person. My symptom disappeared, digestion improved and the overall wellness has been significantly improved. Aside from the treatment, Dr. Chou also gave me lots of advice on how to maintain a healthy life style, practice Tai Chi and eat properly. And the price they charge is rather reasonable. Both Dr. Chou and Pauline are very nice and friendly and are always ready to help the patients. I recommend them from the bottom of my heart.
5	I met with Peter and Pauline almost one week ago.  I was very impressed with their knowledge and how thorough the initial consultation was.  They seem to be many levels ahead of another chinese herbalist I met with in the past.  It was such a relief to finally learn more about my health and that they can help me heal.  I started feeling better within a few days of taking the herbs and will continue to take them for another 1-3 weeks.  I decided to make my appointment after reading other reviews.  My experience is consistent with them. I would without hesitation recommend them to a family member or friend.
5	This is a follow-up review.  When I found Peter and Pauline I was not well and unable to work.  I have been working with them for a few months now and my health has improved significantly.  I am extremely thankful to have found them and more importantly I was able to return to work full-time.  They are both very knowledgable and pleasant to work with.
