5	Karen did a wonderful job pet sitting our two dogs and cat. She is very intuitive with animals and our shy dog quickly felt comfortable with her. She's insured, bonded, and certified, so you can trust her in your home. We highly recommend her as a pet sitter and will definitely call her in the future.
5	Karen is absolutely amazing!! We unfortunately had to move to CA and have not been able to find anyone like Karen. She truly cares about your pets as if they were her own. I HIGHLY recommend her.
5	I can't say enough great things about Karen. When my cat had cancer and I was on the road, she came to my house and gave him his chemotherapy. She is trustworthy, reliable and dedicated to animals like no one else. I have 2 dogs now who love! love! spending the day at her place. She picks them up at my house in the morning and drops them home at night. She has sheep on her property and my Corgi can't get enough of playing with them. Karen loves animals so much and it shows in everything she does. My dogs have spent more than a week at a time with her while I travel and her prices are very reasonable. No cages! I love that they can spend the day playing in her yard. She also runs an amazing animal rescue for senior pets. She is the best.
5	When our dog Lola was living with diabetes, my husband and I could never get away alone because we didn't know if anyone could manage her disease like we could. Then, we found Karen and everything changed. Karen not only knew how to take care of Lola and administer injections, but she was a pro! Her dog Mingus had suffered from diabetes for years and Karen knew exactly what to do. She also runs a shelter for senior citizen dogs, so she is very good overall at taking care of animals with special needs. Karen is currently our go-to person to pet sit our three little chihuhuas - Jack, Larry and Lucy. We never have to worry when we are on vacation because we know that Karen takes such great care of them. She keeps the crates open as an option for the dogs and only puts them in there for limited amounts of time, so your dogs get to feel like they are right at home. Karen's life is dedicated to dogs and you can see it. You will never find a person as special as Karen to take care of your little ones. She is truly an incredible person and we are lucky to have her as our pet sitter.
5	I would give more than FIVE STARS if I could.I needed to leave my "little one" for a few days. She is an older gal and I have NEVER left her anywhere. I was soooo scared, I did not want  her locked in a cage and ignored. I want to give Karen a BIG "thumbs up" !! I called and met with her, I could tell her compassion and love for the animals she cares for. I saw where my "little one" would be taken care of. I left.. missing her, but was sure of her well being. I feel that Karen is a GREAT caretaker. If I do have to leave my little ones again .. I WILL call her again !! Thank You Soooooo Much For Your Care !!!!
