5	Good coffee, mediocre muffins.  Service is always very friendly and they get my picky order right even without me watching like a hawk.  They have Coke and Diet Coke if you're not in a coffee mood.  Wifi is free, not $10 a pop like at Starbucks if you're not on T-mobile.  They are literally right next to Brueggers Bagels and it's easy to walk in the wrong door.  Five stars because... well just because...
5	They really charge $10 for wifi at Starbucks?  That is absurd!  This Caribou location is great; there is ample amount of sitting area and they stay open until midnight (unlike most locations that stay open until eight or nine)!  The only problem I had was that my Americano was warm and not hot.  There were also little coffee grains that unpleasantly fell unto my tongue.  Besides that, this Caribou is my new coffee spot.  Good atmosphere.
4	I love that Caribou feels like a remote ski resort inside. It's a really pleasant atmosphere for hanging out or getting work done. During the day, it's packed. Just about every person has a laptop with them because Caribou offers free wireless - a huge benefit. The only downside is that sometimes you'll go there to do work and obnoxiously loud people will be watching YouTube videos at the table next to you. Sigh. The outside patio is also a really nice spot. The coffee is good, and the baristas are friendly.
4	This particular Caribou Coffee in Dilworth used to be THE place to go for me.  It's a large enough setting so that you don't feel like your conversations are being overhead.  They have plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  And I loved that it was the same excellent staff time after time.  They would greet me by name and always offer me a smile and thank you.  Then they went through a total upheaval in staff and it was somebody new every week who didn't know me or have much personality.  Then something odd happened and the place started to smell like B.O. each and every time I went in.  Lastly, being a long time Caribou card holder and reloader, they wouldn't give me any of the benefits of people purchasing and loading new cards.  So much for rewarding your loyal customers.  That was it for me.  I started taking my business to Starbucks instead. They've since replaced some flooring apparently (was it mold?) and "reopened," so I gave them another try this past Saturday.  There were new (competent!) staff and no weird, disgusting odors.  The place was also crowded both inside and out.  And I got to have one of my favorite drinks again:  the Lite White Berry (with raspberry syrup).  Mmmm...   Next time I'll add one of their yummy blackberry white chocolate scones.  Maybe this is the dawn of a new Caribou age for me.  But I'm still going to be cautious until they begin recognizing their repeat customers more.  New customers are great, but it's your repeat business that keeps you afloat.
3	Give me Caribou any day of the week over Starbucks. Yeah, I said it. But to be honest, I'd take a small, local coffee place over a chain. But I really do like this Caribou, in Dilworth. It's just a really nice place to grab a cup of joe--nice environment inside (always clean and never too packed, especially if you're not coming in the morning or on a Saturday), friendly employees, lots of places to sit, and an outside area if it's warm or sunny out. The selection is pretty good--nothing that's gonna blow you away, but definitely solid. Kinda what you'd expect from Starbucks, minus the way-corporate feel. Very good baristas, as far as I can tell. And if you're hungry for something a little more substantial than the muffins and bagels they have there, walk through the door they share with Bruegger's and grab a bagel!
2	I was in Caribou today, I bought a coffee and went for a walk around the neighborhood, came back 30 mins later and got a half a cup of coffee in the same cup, the same girl rang me up and asked did I leave, I said yes, so she charge me full price for my half cup of coffee.   I am all for not taking advantage of the situation and saving the same cup for days and always buying refills, but a half of a cup.  Come on. I still tipped the change because I didn't care, but deep down I must have because I am bitchin' now.I will rate them 1 sad face and 1 decaf coffee bean.
5	Favorite place to get some work done. Lots of seating and the staff is friendly. Highly recommend going here.
4	I like it here. Plenty of seating, inside and out. A very welcoming ambience. I especially enjoy this place in the winter...makes me feel all cozy and shiz...It's usually a good mix of peeps reading, being all important on their Mac products (free wifi) and/or mingling with friends. Oh yeah, the coffee ain't bad: Not quite as "bold" as Starbucks, but complex and yummy, just add a shot of espresso to make it a redeye if ya want your head to explode with roasty goodness. I don't mess with the pastries, so look elsewhere for a review of those.The location is my favorite...I like East Blvd. and especially love grabbing a cup of coffee in the fall and meandering through the park. Football season + Coffee + A walk = I can hardly wait for October!
4	Definitely a good place to meet people, read, get work done, or kill time.  The staff is friendly... I don't go here often enough for the staff to get to know who I am, but they are usually quick and helpful if you can't make up  your mind on what you want to have.I've spent anywhere from 5min to 6hrs in here and you get to see a lot of different people frequenting this location.  I normally don't go sit outside, but there is plenty of seating everywhere.  I guess the only gripe would be the lack of tables with outlets nearby if your laptop is needing a "pick-me-up" of its own.
2	It's an alright Bou to visit..... if you can find parking. I would love to know who designer the parking scheme of this place b/c um, it kinda sucks. The main entrance/exit is off East Blvd yet I have to be super aware when pulling out since I feel like I am going to hit a runner.  The spaces are tight, corners are sharp and am pissed off someone who designed this parking lot is making bukoo bucks. Enough about the parking (hopefully this little rant shows how much contempt I have for it)Service is shotty-sometimes it's great, other times not so much. They have a lovely outdoor patio where you can sip on your drink which seems to be the option for me most of the time since this place is always packed to the gills with either QU students, Dilworth-ites or just plain old weird people who come out of the wood works to get in on the free Wi Fi action. The coffee and the visual aesthetics are the only things I dig about this place.
3	When I moved to Charlotte I had never been to a Caribou Coffee location before but had seen pounds of coffee sold in supermarkets...Overall it's not bad!  The ambiance is great (definitely a great place to hang if you're GLBT) and I've always had positive experiences with the staff. The cons to this location are that the interior and parking lot are usually full, and there's not enough seating inside.As for the quality of the product?  I'm not too sure, I'm more of a Starbucks person honestly. Caribou is slightly more expensive and doesn't have as many perks.I think in the rare occasion I want to spice things up I'd come here, but probably only so I could have a lame excuse to go to Bruegger's. *On a side note, Charlotte needs a Peet's Coffee & Tea :)
4	I come here to write papers and get my caffeine fix.  The staff are very friendly and accommodating.  I had my first experience at this Caribou during their "happy hour."  It was a 2 hour time frame where all drinks that had chocolate in it were offered at a discounted price.  I was super excited to try my drink but I was not happy with the flavor.  After trying to sip my way through it, I decided to just ask if I could get an iced coffee.  The baristas cheerfully made my new request.I didn't find the ambiance as warm as the Starbucks down the street.  However, they have way better parking and I rarely have problems finding a spot.  There is also a lovely outside patio and  many patrons bring their pups!
3	I've been here multiple times with friends to relax and maybe play a board game, and it's always fit the bill. The indoor seating area is pretty large with lots of table space (I imagine this location attracts quite a few students/work-from-home types) but at the expense of being a bit cramped. I've always preferred the outdoor seating which is plentiful as well but much more spacious.The coffee is standard Caribou fare. I tend to prefer their mochas over Starbucks' (less gritty chocolate/syrup IMO). I'm primarily an americano guy though, and was pretty disappointed with their version, which felt watered-down both times I had it.I've never had a problem parking here and the lot is decent sized considering the East Blvd location. The Brueggers next door/connecting is nice for a quick bite too.
3	Great place. ALWAYS crowded!
3	The place is fine, but a bit loud when crowded. Plenty of people with laptops and couples chatting away. The coffee was standard fare, as in sugary and tasty. The two things that I noticed are the number of tables made it feel crowded even when the number of people dwindled, and the bathroom was not the cleanest I have seen in other stores. Although not my favorite place, it's a good place to pop in or stay awhile, just a bit tight if at capacity. I would return.
4	This portion of East just makes me nervous. Whether it's the bad drivers, the improper use of the turn lanes, or the previous congestion while they were working on the road - even though it's really close to my home the thought of being able to find parking and enjoy a coffee seemed impossible. Luckily, this Caribou proved me wrong. First, unlike the Starbucks down the block, there actually is plenty of parking without fear of being towed. Inside I've never had an issue with table space or outlets, I love the multiple stations of sugar and creamers so you don't have to all crowd around the same area, and the service is pleasant. Can you occasionally encounter an employee who is suffering from a temporary caffeine imbalance? Yes, but unfortunately that's the nature of the beast. The bathrooms are a little odd but clean, there's a nice patio, and Bruegger's next door is a plus.
3	The place was less crowded this time and the restrooms were a bit cleaner. The restrooms do look and smell like they could use a good bleachy scrubdown, walls and all. The drinks were tasty and service quite friendly.
4	This is my favorite place to hang out and work. The vibe is great, plenty of outlets for the laptop, and the coffee is above average.Atmosphere: The cafe is open, well lit with natural sunlight, and is decorated like a typical coffee store meets mountain lodge. It's comfortably worn without being at all worn-out. Outside is a nice area to sit in the sun right on east blvd, with plenty of people walking and jogging by to gawk at. Anyway it keeps the feng shui up. The atmosphere and location kick this place up from a 3 to a 4 in my opinion. FoodThe coffee here is fine. It's not my favorite in the world but it is on par with Starbucks I suppose. My favorite in the area is Dilworth coffee, but Caribou is an ok second. They use syrup for their chai, and if you read my other reviews, you know this is a peeve of mine. One day this will be outlawed and a federal offence. I've had a few snacks, nothing special, typical fare. ServiceService is fine. I've never been overly impressed with the staff here, but it'll do. They get you what you need and don't give you any extra conversation, so you don't have any sense of small community vibe that this place could easily have.Celebrity most likely to enjoy eating here: That girl from Juno. She seems sleepy and fits the half hippie half hipster vibe here. Half hour to live and I have to get my last meal here: You can just go ahead and kill me so I can avoid the syrupy chai.
5	Great location. Great vibe for coffeeshop. Adequate Parking. Good coffee.If you're lucky, you can grab overstuffed chairs by window. On warm days, the patio is awesome. Clean bathrooms. This is a must-do if near Freedom Park.
5	I've had a few drinks here, mostly Verbana Tea, Hot, HOT, HOT and the Tea too!  Yest I have been here many times and tonight I brought my Fiancee so i could taste the Coffee, YEStp is was Good, two steps away from Doan's Lee's Coffee!Very Nice Outdoor Space, watch the "highrollers" stroll by!  Sole, a good restaurant used to be right across the street!
4	Excellent service and great hot coffee!I prefer Caribou over Starbucks, but that's just me.  My favorite now... Dirty Chai.  It's a chai tea latte with two shots of espresso.  Might I recommend it with Soy! This one is internally connected to Bruegger's Bagels which is exceptionally convenient!
3	I would give it a higher rating because the Caribou Coffee in its self is great but the parking here is horrible. If you are trying to stop in, any time before noon play to circle the parking lot for a while or park somewhere that you aren't supposed to.  They do have two spots for people just running in to grab a coffee to go so those open up quickly.The coffee is great as well as the service. They have fee Wi-Fi. The outdoor area is great when it is warm out and has outlets if you want to plug up your computer.  I wish they would make a deal with Showmar's and allow people to park there before 11am since I don't think Showmar's opens until then. Until they find additonal parking Im avoiding this location for a while.
1	This location as well as many others in the clt area has closed. The park road location is still open.
