5	The staff is wonderful and caring. The kids are always so excited to see their teachers. This facility is amazing! They have a wonderful playground and often have events for holidays and even had a free event at Lied Discovery Children's Museum. My daughter has been so happy here!
5	My daughter Aaliyah has attended Hill and Dale for a year and a half and she loves it. She has mad a lot of friends and I like to help out in the classroom and see the kids light up when I come it. Ms. Tracy, are you here to help? It's the best feeling in the world! I especially like outside time and go and play catch or help them on the monkey bars. Not only has my daughter grown in alot of ways I have too. The teachers and staff are great too! It's great at lunch time when the kids light up with joy when the cook walks in, they just love him! I try to do most of my volunteer time during lunch time right before nap, since it is the busiest time of the day and the kids can sit down and talk with you. The stories from all the kids just make your day better! I thank Hill and Dale's teachers and staff for keeping my daughter safe and keeping the facility clean at all times!
5	My son and daughter went here when they were kids and now my two granddaughters go and they love it there! Nothing has changed. it is still a great preschool. Nice calm atmosphere and the staff are all so nice!
1	I went to this place for a few months and quit taking my 2.5 year old there because that place is more concerned about money than helping with the care of your child. Tami is very difficult to deal with and even after months of going there she was never nice or willing to work with me and my husband's inconsistant schedules. I was overcharged on multiple occasions. My son didn't learn anything from this place, the place is a rip off!
5	My son is almost 2 years old and has been at Hill & Dale for the last year. I absolutely love it there and he does too! He's doing so many more activities there than he would at home. They have a great curriculum and wonderful staff. It has a very nice family atmosphere. I highly recommend them.
5	When my second daughter was born, we started having some issues with staff turnover, etc, at our old preschool. In looking for a new one, I did a ton of research, went on tours at several different facilities, and read about all different early childhood curriculums. I am interested in Montessori, but couldn't find a school that fit logistically (schedule, price, location). I like co-ops, but there is only ONE in all of Las Vegas. Still looking...I found out about the High/Scope curriculum, originally invented in the 1970s (or 60s) in the Perry Preschool Project, which was a research project on the long-term benefits of early childhood care, and which eventually became the original Headstart program. High/Scope is not traditionally 'academic' like some of the schools I toured (Challenger.....ugh! Hated that place!). Instead, they emphasize problem-solving skills, relationships between children and between the teacher and children, and learning through experience. It involves lots and lots of art and singing, using blocks and puzzles to think about math, talking about the world around us to experience science, reading books to learn about language, playing dressup to encourage imagination, etc etc.I knew that High/Scope would be a great fit for our family, and Hill and Dale is seriously passionate about the curriculum. The staff are embracing it, constantly getting further education and training, and in turn, they really seem to enjoy their jobs. That pays off and some of the teachers have been there over 20 years (no exaggeration). They even host parent involvement nights, in which they talk about different facets of the curriculum and the school in general.From my experience with early childhood education, it is mostly treated like day care or like university preparation, which makes me sad. Tamy and the entire staff at H&D have such a different attitude, really treating each interaction like a chance to learn. I only feel a little guilty going to work every day instead of being with my kids ;). Another thing that has impressed me is Tamy's go-getter attitude. She really seems to do her research to find interesting opportunities for the school and the students and especially to go after all kinds of grants so that all these programs come at a reasonable price.My daughters are 3 and 1 and I am so happy we found Hill and Dale for them. I would recommend parents with kids of any age come check it out.
