2	Huge bar, cheap drinks, radio friendly songs you've heard a million times and they let anyone in.  That's both a blessing and a curse depending on how you look at it.
4	Pretty big fan of this place on Friday night, but still a fan on other nights as well. They always have a cover, & the beer is a tad pricey, but the atmosphere is worth it.Friday night is when they play the music & Saturday night is the live band. So each weekend night, expect to slosh around on the dance floor, spilling your drink in the process. The place is always packed, & the crowd seems made up of recent college grads/young professionals. It kind of brings back a college type atmosphere back for me, just with louder music & better dressed patrons. Everyone always seems to let loose at Buckhead and the music usually keeps everyone going till 2. The bar is pretty big, so getting a beverage usually doesn't take too long. And there is a nice outside area to get some fresh air from time to time. Buckhead is always a fun time, especially on Friday nights, & you'll be around people thoroughly enjoying themselves...and sloshing drinks on the dance floor.
2	I'll agree that Buckhead is probably fun if you're wasted. Unfortunately, I've never been able to stand it long enough to get to that point in the night. I'm totally fine with bars that aren't fancy, but I do prefer places that don't have peanut shells on the floor and deer heads on the wall. Plus, as is the problem with many Uptown bars, the guys there tended to be jerks and the girls tended to be embarrassingly trashed. You can, however, go on a Wednesday night and watch dozens of people vie for prizes in the cornhole tournament. That's pretty entertaining.
2	BlackFinn is like Buckhead Lite, if that makes sense. This place is literally like stepping into a good ol' boy frat house, maybe at Clemson or UNC. But as I've previously stated, this doesn't mean that the place isn't fun. It just means that you should know what you're getting yourself into when you head over there. Not a place to go for a casual drink, unless you're going midday or on a quieter night early in the week. Lots of TVs in this huge bar, so it's a pretty decent place to watch a football or basketball game, especially since a lot of fans turn out here to check out their team. Located literally across the street from the Arena, it gets pretty packed before or after Bobcats games/concerts. It gets especially nuts on Friday and Saturdays, so be warned (or advised, if that's what you're looking to get into). There's always a cover, which is a pain in the butt, but it's generally a good time if you're looking to really tie one on with friends.
2	Basically, I look at this place as having paid $7 to get groped by drunk ass bro's.Also...do not wear open-toed shoes here.  The floors are atrocious...flooded with beer and piss and what-have-you and tainted with every communicable disease on the block.  That may be an exaggeration, but probably not.
3	Buckhead is Buckhead. It's a college bar, so if you're in the mood for a college bar, then it's the right place for you. If you're not, you should stay away. It's kind of meat-markety, like Cans and a few other places around Charlotte. Since they are catering to the young-and-horny crowd, they also offer good deals on a few college-friendly nights, so if you can stand the ick-factor, you can drink pretty cheap.
3	Alright, this place is not exactly a value seeker's dream - don't take anyone you respect here.  The floors are gross and covered with peanut shells, the cover charge is outrageous, and the bathrooms have disco balls.However, if you take it for the meat market that it it, you will have a good time.  The dance floor is big and bumping with a live band.Drink prices are in line with the rest of Charlotte downtown, the cover charge is definitely higher.I would definitely put Buckhead on the itinerary for any crazy night in Charlotte.
4	As others have insinuated, this establishment can be summed up by the phrase "It is what it is"If you are looking to go out and have a few beers/ cocktails and listen to james taylor esque music, stay as far away from this place as possible.If your goal is to go out and get as drunk as possible and pretty much throw all caution to the wind, then this place is for you.  At times in my life, I have thought to my drunken self, "oh man I am 'that person'" at the bar in terms of intoxication.  Well at this bar, everyone is "that person".  The ladies who frequent this bar are very attractive, although my judgement could have been clouded, and showed no reservations about grinding up on random guys, which is always a plus.I agree that the cover charge is rather outrageous considering the fact that they seem to book high school garage bands.Overall, I would say that Buckhead should be on the itinerary for a night of pure debauchery and vice in general, but should be avoided if seeking something other than that.Oh yeah, get rid of the peanuts.
3	It's definately meat-markety as previously stated. It's a place you gotta wanna go. If you're lookin for a relaxing evening then don't go here- simple as that. If you feel like taking a stranger home - this is a prime destination. Everyone is beyond trashed, normally. And o-yea, the more clevage you show the quicker you'll get your drink. Hey, I'm not opposed to using womenly wiles. I wasn't terribly impressed by the music but then again I rarely listen to the radio anymore. Anyhow! Huge space, sticky floors, gross bathrooms, and lots of horny people ..... sometimes you just want that.
4	I haven't been to Buckhead Saloon since 2/09. Me and a few friends decided to go last night. I usually have a good time when I go to Buckhead. If you don't wanna pay a cover, get there before 10pm. I believe it's only $5 after 10pm. They had Coronas for $2.50, so that was definitely refreshing. The employees/bouncers/bartenders (male) were all meatheads though...not trying to hate or anything. They must have some rule when hiring that says "you must be a workout buff to work here," haha. Anyways though, this was definitely COUGAR CENTRAL, if that's what you're into. Unforturnately, I got hit on by a cougar....appeared to be about mid 50s and I just felt violated for the rest of the night, haha. I had to use a female friend to kinda shield her off me, haha. The live band that they had was very good, playing the usual popular classics (3am, Sweet Home Alabama, Play That Funky Music, Don't Stop Believing, etc). I think what impressed me the most this night was the upgrade in the music selection. They went way beyond the typical top 40 that they usually play when the live band isn't performing. The DJ kinda sucked though....he was mixing in other songs halfway through songs that just didn't blend in well, and he played some songs twice within a 30 minute time frame. There was some really good hip hop (some old Snoop, Luniz, etc) being played that night. I'm really hoping it's like that from here on out b/c although I believe I could dance to any genre of music (tooting my horn a little), dancing to hip hop is a lot more easier, haha. This is a must go place to hit up if you just wanna have a good time without the pressures of having to get fully decked out like you're going to the Epicentre.
1	Buckhead Saloon; The Worst Jack-hole in Charlotte, North Carolina.Between the overpriced bottled beer past its expiration date to the broken glass and urine on the floor to the snooty effeminate manager, this place should be avoided at all costs, unless your goal is to catch hepatitis. The one time prior I visited this establishment I was let in with no cover even though it was relatively early, because as the guy at the door stated "there are not enough good looking guys in there". The women were leaving in herds, so I walked in and saw exactly why. This place is what is wrong with the universe. Even if there is a semi-decent acoustic band playing, you would never hear them over the drunken squall of pseudo-urban rednecks that are just happy to be breathing. This is the type of place that would brag about being a meat market if it wasn't so wretched. Don't just take my word for it. Read the reviews by the "guys" who gave it 4 stars and you will understand exactly what I mean. On my second and last visit to this dumpster I was given a jagged bottle by the bartender and cut my lip (pictured above). I immediately took pictures of it and asked him to square it away, otherwise I can't control who would know about it. The "manager" came over and basically called me a liar and kept trying to shake my hand for some reason. Some fat girl (who coincidentally muttered the "n" word) was hi-fiving the manager and had informed him that I was just trying to scam the bar, even though I was still dabbing my mouth with the bloody napkin. I don't need this, seriously. If you do, or you think you do - by all means get jacked up at this bootleg Whiskey River wanna-be. Just wear closed shoes, expect racism and drink from a plastic cup.
4	Great bartenders, always has a crowd at night. Thursday nights are 50cent drafts, but you have to be sure to get there before it runs out. Definitely a JWU hangout on Thursdays. Also a great place to head after alive after five
4	Sure, this bar has all sorts of flaws. Smells awful. A lot of the patrons are lame. I've seen girls go barefoot in here. Cheesy cover band at times. So why is this an essential stop each and every night I go uptown?They validate parking! Cheap beer! Free parking uptown is worth a small sacrifice. After one drink and the ticket validation, it's only a one block walk to great clubs at both the epicenter and on 5th.
3	Perfectly fine bar located uptown amongst some other more upscale places.  I can't really find bad things to say about the place as I've only visited a handful of times and each time has been fun and service at the bar, great.  It's not my first choice hangout by no means but it does well in a pinch.
