5	My wife and I have eaten here often and the food is always delicious! I highly recommend this restaurant.  I do not think we've every ever had a poor experience here.  Their Louisiana Seafood Scampi is outstanding & the buffalo chicken pasta is good enough to write home about.
5	My family goes here every monday. Yes, every monday! Well at least my dad does even if he is solo.  I think my favorite thing about the restaurant is the staff.  We always bring my nephew (1.5 years ago) and he can be handful.  I worked in the biz and I know how much of a bummer kids can be but the servers are awesome.  The food is always solid as well. Nothing fancy but solid american meals of a wide variety. Sometimes I can be picky ( esp if I am trying to be healthy) but they are always accommodating.  Pro: friendly service, full bar, wide variety, parkingCon: could use an interior spruce upOverall: its a staple. always will be back!
3	I went out with my friends here on a Wednesday night to have some drinks and a good dinner. They didn't have any beer on tap, only select few bottles which was disappointing. The decor of the place was a drab and it was a little dirty. They had a mirror at my table which had ketchup splatter. The food here is what saved the review. I got a mushroom and swiss burger which was very thick and handmade. The bun was toasted and the toppings where fresh. They had sweet potato fries which were tasty and much better then I had at any other place.
5	The food and custom cocktails are excellent and the cosy atmosphere with the help of friendly staff keeps me coming back.
2	I hadn't been to Whiskey Hollow for more than a couple years and the only thing that hasn't changed is the decor. Apparently it has changed hands. It's now cash only so hello 1980. The menus are cheesy thin glossy paper (my local pizza joint has a higher quality menu). The service was adequate and not a stitch more than what was absolutely essential to get food on the table. The food itself was delicious. My daughter, grandson and I had the seafood chimis, good but pricey at $14.95. Three bottled beers for $20. My s-i-l's crab cake sand was "Good but I've had better." No more "known for our desserts." Now it's ice cream with choc or hot fudge. Overall disappointing. Glad we had a living social voucher so our not-so-great night out for 3 adults + 2 kids was $60 instead of $110.
