5	You are really missing out if you have not consulted with JoAnn.  She is so full of great ideas!
5	There is no other matchmaker like Joann Cohen. She's sharp, knows everything about dating and romance, and sincerely wants to help you find love. Joann is very committed to the work she does, and it shows. She really cares about you and your romantic success, and is a great navigator through the sometimes-treacherous seas of dating and love. If you're looking for love, and have considered matchmaking, look no further than Joann.
5	Joann is a remarkable matchmaker.I have had the privelege of telling some of my friends about Joann and they have connected with her and she has set them up with men that are compatible.Both girlfriends of mine have said how they liked how she introduced them to great guys that were professionals and had good morals and qualities.They both said how they felt comfortable talking with Joann about what they were looking for in a guy and in a relationship and she listened well and set them up with the right type.I will continue to tell women and men alike that the service that Joann provides is a nice, easy and safe way to meet the person you may spend the rest of your life with!
5	Joann is fantastic to work with. She is really one of a kind and has great knowledge of men, women and dating. She is honest, caring and above all has integrity. I would highly recommend her to any of my friends.
5	I am also a matchmaker and do a lot of collaborating with Joann. She is a joy to work with and her clients are quality, lovely people. Joann keeps a quality group of people because she does not take on everyone. If she doesn't feel that she can match someone, or that they are not ready, etc. she will either take them on as a coaching client first, and then match them, or not take them on. I can't say enough good things about Joann!
5	Joann is an amazing matchmaker.  I have worked with many of matchmakers, but none like Joann.  She is very knowledgeable in matchmaking and understanding the dating scene.  Joann really cares about her clients, and is such a great resource of knowledge. I would recommend Joann to anyone looking to understand dating, or wanting to meet the right person. The biggest investment in life is a life partner.  Why not have an expert on your side to coach you all the way?  She helped me realize and understand about me, and what type of partners are for me.  To me this information was priceless. I cant say enough great things about her.  I wish I would have used Joann years ago....
