5	Let me dispell the myth that all Las Vegas weddings are tacky, tasteless, and a joke. Lets put aside the idea that the weddings are quick, devoid of any emotion or feeling, and cheap.We decided to get married in Vegas for nostaligia, as my parents were married there. The town is exciting, and this kind of destination wedding was a blast. Our closest family and friends were there to celebrate, and all made a mini vacation out of it. We chose the Forever Grand Wedding Chapel for many reasons. First and foremost the MGM Grand is my favorite resort, I love old films and the chapel boasts photos of the film stars of yesterday in their gowns. What better place to get married?But thats only the tip of the iceberg. The chapel itself is modest, simple wall and carpet patterns, not to take way from my gown and flowers. Some chapels like the Paris for example were a bit ornate for our taste. They have quite a few packages to accomodate all pocketbooks, including ceremonies in your suite, by the pool and inside two chapels. Our package was the Classic Elegance. We received a limo ride compliments of MGM the day before to pick up our license, flower pedals in the aisle, two large vases at the altar during the ceremony which they delivered to our room to enjoy days after the ceremony. 18 rose bouquet, boutennire for the groom, our own piano player, hair, makeup, manicure and pedicure, a wedding DVD, 3 gourmet chocolate bars wrapped in gold, a wedding album, and certificate holder, all in a lovely gift box. And 24 4x6 photos from the ceremony and studio. We were able to choose the pics we liked the next day for the album. You may purchase more for a fee, but our family had taken so many we feel we have enough. I was given a lovely room to get ready in, where our coordinator met with us and got us ready. The minister also comes in to give you a brief run down on what to expect. You can choose religious, civil, or religious/nondenominational services. So as you can see, you have many options. I  was even able to chose the music for the pianist. They have a list, but if you have something else just bring the sheet music the night before and for a small fee that can be played for you.Some of the extra services we paid for was a bouquet and boutennire for the best man, corsages for the moms, and interent viewing for up to 30 days for family and friends. There are many upgrades for photos and other services too. The staff was warm, friendly and very accomodating. They are also very "protective" of their brides, ensuring she is the top priority! They have a vast knowledge of the wedding biz and aren't just there to take your money and kick you out. They even helped with my bustle after the ceremony. Along the way you will see so many other brides in the hotels and on the strip, and passing congrats to each othe was so much fun. Vegas weddings are a blast!!!
5	My parents had their wedding vows renewal at the MGM Grand in late summer 2009 and it was the best experience ever.  We were staying at the hotel and at the last minute they walked down to see about wedding services.  Within 24 hours they had a full blown Jewish wedding renewal service set up.  While they could not find a Rabbi they found Rev Eddie Peak who was great.  He knew the Jewish service very well.  The staff at the chapel was very friendly and treated us like close friends or family.  When most people think of Vegas weddings they think of cheese but this place was far from it.  I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a classy wedding.
4	We were married here on 7/31/10...we were perfectly happy with nearly all aspects of our experience, most of all with our Wedding Coordinator, Danielle.  The chapel was very nice, the lighting and music were lovely, the flowers were gorgeous and the feel was very intimate and not at all "quickie, cheesy Vegas wedding".  The only thing we felt could be improved upon was the photography. You are obligated to use Cashman in the chapel (you can hire anyone else for the rest of your day, and we did) and their photography was not very professional and the posed shots were in front of a background that looked a bit like your local JC Penney photo center.  Aside from that, the experience was wonderful. Danielle made our day a dream come true for us. OH, and the limo ride to get our license was really fun, that's part of the package.
5	I was married here on 12/18/10 and the experience was great. My husband and I had originally set the date in 2008 but when we found out he had cancer we had to cancel our arrangements and they were subsequently put off. The wedding planning was stressful so I was looking for something much easier on us.The Forever Grand was perfect. While in Vegas in August we checked out several venues, and the Forever Grand was perfect. It is Vegas without feeling Vegas tacky. Everyone was so helpful when we choose to reserve our date here. I was in constant contact with my wedding coordinator (lots of emails). When our families from NY arrived my mother felt the need to go over everything and see EVERYTHING prior to the wedding on several different days which we were able to do each time my mom wanted to see something else. I was just relieved that someone else was handling all of the details and all my family and I really needed to do was show up. Your wedding day is stressful enough without worrying what might go wrong, I didn't worry about anything going wrong.My father was bothered that they basically confiscated cameras before the ceremony (we had already paid for photography - maybe they feel they won't make as much off of prints?). And though we got many great wedding shots, the CD with all shots and copyrights was fairly expensive, I knew it would be an expense considering the copyright but I did not expect it to be the price it was. Also the photographer "lost" our appointment for the day after to review the photos and we had to make another.In our package almost everything was included, flowers, music, photography/videograhpy, even a limo ride to the courthouse, my hair, makeup, and mani/pedi. Overall we had a great experience.Laura and Susan are wonderful!
3	The ceremony was exactly as I expected it to be- quick. The chapel allows 30 minutes for each ceremony, but we were done in about 15. I don't feel as if I got my full money's worth, but the lobby and dressing rooms were nice and the photographer was fantastic. We were only allowed one run-through for the rehearsal, which is most definitely NOT worth $400. The rehearsal lasted all of 10 minutes at most. I understand that Vegas is a busy place, but I think this chapel could slow things down a bit and lose the "drive-thru wedding" feeling. I could have gotten the same service off the strip for a quarter of the price.
5	Great looking chapel. We had about 40 in our wedding and it was a nice, cozy setting. No Elvis or other Vegas flare. Just an elegant setting with attentive staff. Flowers were better than we expected, as was everything else. The photographer was also great. Our ceremony was 10 minutes long, which is just right as far as I'm concerned.
3	I could have married my husband in a dump somewhere and still been happy, so we certainly had a memorable and wonderful wedding.There were a few things I found extremely irritating and some of it was downright unacceptable.When we first arrived into town, we couldn't get in touch with anyone from the chapel regarding our limo reservations. Their phone hours listed on the MGM website were grossly inaccurate and we almost missed our scheduled limo ride to the courthouse. Our photographer was very lazy and decided he'd casually make an appearance at 2:59 pm when our wedding started at 3! They ban all personal photography during the ceremony and charge a fortune for their mediocre service. Our photographer took very few pictures of us with our family and guests. To his credit, he did ask what photos we wanted taken...however as an overwhelmed bride I would have really appreciated him taking charge a bit. He gave little to no input.The chapel was beautiful, the floral turned out perfectly and our minister was wonderful. Our wedding coordinator, Angela, was sometimes a little slow and frustrating to work with. The bride and groom dressing rooms were very nice but bare. My husband said he had to cup his hands in the sink because he was dying of thirst. I found this to be unacceptable. Overall, we had a great time but there was room for major improvement.
5	I just had my wedding here on Sunday April 8th, 2012. I cannot speak highly enough about this place.  I got the package that came with the hair, makeup and portraits and everything exceeded my expectations.  The salon was great, the photographers took pics that I didn't even know he took.  And every photo was perfect.  The Rev. ( Rev Krause) made the ceremony seem so personal like we had known him for years.  The keepsakes everything was perfect.  After being in Vegas and seeing some of the other chapels along the strip I am so glad I chose the grand.  There was actually another wedding going on in the other chapel and no one in my party ever knew.  The entire team made us feel special.  I recommend them to anyone looking for a beautiful stressfree wedding, where you can still feel special even in Vegas.
5	I just married my most compatible mate in Las Vegas at the Forever Grand Wedding Chapel at the MGM Grand on April 11th! What a fantastic group to deal with! Kelsey, my wedding coordinator, was very responsive and easy to work with in advance of the big day. We chose the "Hollywood Glamour" wedding package and added an extra 45 minute session with the photographer to be sure to have some family and friends pictures from our big day. I'm very thankful for that so consider it if you are not doing a traditional elopement (going solo). When we arrived on the wedding day, the package included hair and makeup at Christophe salon in the MGM and Eric was PHENOMENAL. My hair looked so glamorous!  Annie was the wedding planner on the day of the ceremony and she guided both myself and the groom effortlessly into our respective areas. Our wedding party was small (bride, groom, Maid of Honor, & Best Man), so there was no rehearsal required. During the ceremony, the wedding official, Carlos, did a terrific job directing us on what to do and where to stand. Very well done!  Our photographer was Courtney and she was so easy to work with and captured some amazing shots of us during the ceremony and also during our 'Hollywood Glamour' shoot (which took place after the ceremony with just me and my hubby!).  Finally, we met with Ellen Herlihy the next day to review all our photos and the package options to purchase the pictures. Ellen was incredibly professional and treated us like we were the only ones getting married in Vegas -- a refreshing experience since obviously Vegas is a wedding hot-spot. A very special thanks to all the staff at the Forever Grand Wedding Chapel!  YOU ROCK!
2	Tough review to write, because it's hard to separate how happy I am in my marriage from how happy I was with the wedding. But, this review needs to be written.Nichole was our wedding planner. It was a small wedding, just 20 guests total. That isn't an unusual size for the Forever Grand chapel. There are two chapel rooms, one for weddings about our size and one for weddings about twice that size. It would be easy to say that we didn't get the stellar customer service because of the size of our wedding (oh, they must have been focused on bigger events) which is why I bring up the size. If anything, this is in the sweet spot for Forever Grand. Events the size of ours should be where they excel.Most of the folks who get married here do not live in Las Vegas. It's a destination wedding, and we were no different. We were really taken by the Hollywood Glamour package, which was around $1200 and included vintage hair and makeup, some flowers, some photos, videography, the chapel, the officiant, and the services of a wedding planner. The price seemed very reasonable. And no running around trying to schedule and arrange all those different services? Was exactly the "no muss, no fuss" we were looking for.We booked four months in advance. From the very first contact with Forever Grand, I was nervous.The first email reply from our wedding planner, with the contract for us to sign and deposit to make to hold the chapel? It was wrong. In fact, it listed that day's date as the date of our wedding, and listed that as the date to pay the remaining balance as well. Not a good start. First contact and the attention to detail is not there. Any bride (or groom who has a bride) can tell you, weddings are ALL about details. You go on a website like theknot.com and you find out you have a couple hundred decisions to make before your wedding. You need all of those to run smoothly.But hey, maybe it's just a one time thing? So we get the corrected version of the contract. It looks ok. Send it back. Yay, we have a wedding started!Next couple emails are pretty slow replies. But hey, she is mostly working on weddings that are only a few weeks out, so no worries right?We get the questionnaire via email that lets us make about 100 different decisions. So we spend a couple weeks getting those nailed down and send it back. Our wedding is really simple. Just a matron of honor and a best man. No other bridesmaids, no groomsmen, no flower girl, no ring bearer. No rehearsal. Should be as easy as pie.The only real customization we had was that we wanted red and cream sand for our sand ceremony, we wanted a completely civil ceremony (not religious at all), some upgraded flowers at the front, and special music to play when we exited (which we provided on CD). Four things total that we were deciding. Everything else was pretty much, do whatever you normally do.So we get our confirmation email, and it has someone else's name and email address on it. WTF? Seriously? Another call back to Nichole. Oops, sorry, we will send you the right one.Ok, here we go. Check it over, looks good, looks, good. Hey wait a minute. Our contract said there was a $100 weekend premium. This says $200. Another call to Nichole. Oops, sorry. Send you the right one.Alright, I am now pretty nervous about whether anything is actually going to turn out ok. And mind you, I am the groom! I shouldn't be nervous about anything other than oversleeping the morning of the ceremony.So we show up a couple days in advance to Vegas. We stop by the chapel. Everything is good. It's all going to be fine. Sigh of relief. We will be ok.Or not.Day of the ceremony. Everybody getting ready. Stand here. Walk there. When this happens, you do this. Ok, we are good to go. Stand. Wait. Stand. Wait. aaaaaaaand. Here Comes The Bride! Yay! We are getting married! Father of the bride makes his handoff. Female guests are crying. We turn to face the officiant.He starts in on bible verses.WHAT. THE. FUCK.What part of "we want a civil ceremony" was not understood?Now mind you, I have been to church plenty of times. And the bible verses used in weddings aren't exactly the worst sentiments ever. Heck, we all like to hear that we are going to be happy forever with the support of our families. And I am sure some of the people in the audience were happy to hear those verses. But we didn't ask for them.Go through the steps of the wedding. It is far too late to try to change anything anyway. Just take them as kind words. It's a beautiful day. Smile and enjoy.Time for the sand ceremony. And, the sand isn't red. It's tan. So instead of the red and cream, we have tan and white. Sigh.As we leave, our music plays. And we are caught up in the joy of being married. It is a wonderful day with friends and family.If you don't care about details, Forever Grand is 4 stars.If you do, or your bride does? Expect maybe half of your requests to be honored and accurate. Two stars.
5	We got married here in June and it was a wonderful and positive experience all the way around.  :-)  Annie Singer was our wedding planner and she really worked with us to make sure we had the wedding of our dreams.  Every time we asked for something above and beyond, Annie delivered.   She was also good with offering a good and fair compromise when it was necessary to keep within budget or to adhere to MGM Grand policy.  She had great ideas and working with her was joy. :-)  We wanted our reception to be held at the Skyloft Suites at the MGM Grand and even though that's not normally done, they went out of their way to help us secure our room reservation at a good rate.  Additionally, the photographer was amazing.  He was charming, friendly and took the best pictures!  We didn't even need touch ups.  He looked very young (maybe 18 or 19) but you can't argue with quality!   Thank you for a wonderful experience.
5	We got married at the Forever Grand chapel in August 2013 and I was impressed with how beautiful our venue was and our given photographer was amazing!  I couldn't have asked for a better situation by booking an out of state wedding over the phone with our wedding planner Caitlin Tate.  Our guests still rave about our pastor, J. Doug Linderman; he was fun and entertaining.  We has only 40 guests and we loved the space in the chapel, the photos and video we purchased, Thank You Everyone at The Forever Grand Chapel
5	The assistance from A. Singer the wedding planner was incredible - Annie was so much help with getting everything set, since I wasn't in town until my event... was very happy with the results!
5	I can't say enough good things about Annie Singer over at Forever Grand Wedding Chapel at the MGM!  She was wonderful to work with and made our wedding planning stress free!  Our family and friends really enjoyed the ceremony and loved the chapel.  Thanks so much Annie!
5	This month marks the three year anniversary of our elopement. We love Las Vegas and really wanted to marry there. I need to write reviews of a lot of great places there but I have to start with this lovely little chapel located in the MGM Hotel. Not all Vegas weddings are tacky affairs performed by Elvis impersonators. We were married in a gorgeous chapel by a sweet pastor with a lovely pianist who also served as our witness. Okay, that part was a little tacky but we truly eloped and it was just us.Nicole was our planner and she was great. We loved our photos and have nothing but great things to say about our experience. We visit the chapel a couple of times a year just to remember fondly...
4	We had planned to be married at the MGM Grand on 11-12-13.  We reserved our date in January and were actually the first to book this date.  The whole process was fairly easy.  They have several packages to choose from from super cheap to extravagant.  We opted for the "tomorrow is forever" package which included the chapel, minister, music, a basic photo package (upgradeable), a basic DVD of the ceremony (upgradeable), limo to the courthouse to obtain marriage license, $200 floral credit, hair styling and makeup at their upscale Christophe salon, tux, wedding dress steaming, and souvenir marriage certificate all for $1,600 (premium date up charge of $300).  They send you a booklet with several options and upgrades that can be chosen including reception (either at a restaurant, in a room, or in one of their banquet rooms), favors, flowers, photo packages, video packages, decor, etc. They were very clear on what was included and what was not.  When we arrived at the hotel the staff was all very nice and knew we were getting married there.  We were greeted with champagne in our room.  We headed to the courthouse right away and the limo ride was nice and our driver did give us the scenic route as it was my first time in Vegas.  We did not have any add ons and were able to get everything we needed through everything that was in the package.  THe salon experience was great and they did an excellent job on my hair and make up.  The weddings done in the chapel are only 15 minutes long so we didn't think it was necessary to spend extra on decor and bells and whistles if it was going by in the blink of an eye.  We found that the flower budget was sufficient.  I had a bouquet of roses, my daughter had a flower basket, my maid of honor had a corsage and my groom had his boutonniere.  The video of the ceremony was great for not being upgraded and it was great to have after we got home.  The minister did come in before hand and made sure to go over specifics of the ceremony and he was very nice (his name was Carlos).  The only reason why I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is that the prices for the photography were outrageous.  The only thing we thought worth it was the pictures as there's just nothing like professional pictures.  They photographed before and after the ceremony in our own private session.  We were able to view the photos the next day.  They had selected the certain ones to photoshop, blow up into bigger sizes, etc which I would also consider a down side.  They did pick the better pictures but I think it would have been nice to pick the ones you yourself like.  We loved them all and wanted to buy the digital CD but it was nearly $1,000!  We just thought that was ridiculous so we purchased all the proofs, 2 8x10's, 1 11x14, and 1 26x18 (I think) for about $650. I would recommend using this for a classy wedding in Vegas that is fuss free.  This was my second marriage so I didn't want to mess with the whole planning of it all.  I was worried planning a wedding from across the country and that when I arrived that I wouldn't get what I expected.  That did not happen.  I was very pleased with the day.
5	We just celebrated our 10 yr. Wedding vows and i couldnt ask for a better place. Our wedding coordinator was Rosanna she was AWESOME !!! She answered all my questions responded to my emails in a timely matter. I would highly recommed this place!! The  Minister, photographer, front desk and everyone else was super friendly. Also we had our dinner reception at the mgm ,make sure you ask for Shaya she is in charge of cakes n dinner she was soooo nice and always happy to help.  Our cake was Great n our food!!! So glad we decide to have it here.!!!!
