4	There were 10 different yogurt flavors available - no sugar added, dairy free, fat free, and low fat varieties. There was a good size topping bar  not much fresh fruit but lots of candy, granola, chocolate. Plenty of seating and friendly staff.   Outside seating also available. I'll definitely be going back!  Price was 39 cents an ounce.
4	Nice yogurt shop with a lot of flavors to choose from.  Also has an extensive toppings bar with lots of good stuff.  Kid friendly.
2	I love frozen yogurt. But my logic is that if you are getting FroYo, you are gonna want a more refreshing and fruity flavor. If not, you want Ice cream. Every time I have been in here they have had one fruit flavor and it was always something I am allergic to or dislike. They never even had original tart, which I thought all places had.They do however have a pretty nice selection of toppings.The place is pretty clean, the service is alright, and the price is the same as most frozen yogurt places per oz.
4	This is a hidden gem!I've never seen it as busy as others that I have been to, but they are awesome!The are similar to the other self serve froyo places, but I like the layout better than others I have been to.They always have new flavors, and many flavors to choose from.  The toppings bar is an island in the center of the area, which allows easy access for multiple people to use it.  Others have a buffet line type set up, which keeps the flow of traffic moving, but if you want to skip the candy and move to the fruit, you are also cutting in line.  With the island set up, you can get what you want and get out of there.Seating is plentiful, with many spots outside too.  The quality is good and the place is always clean.
3	Twas a relaxing Sunday afternoon and all through S Chandler, not a fro-yo in sight.  I hunted and hunted until I found this 'hot spot'.... and then the fairy tale ends right there.OK, I'm glad there's at least one fro-you place SE of Queen Creek & Alma School Rd, but I should have just driven to Kokomo to get what I know is good.  The boy running this place that afternoon was not interested in helping or giving sampler cups so I literally reached behind his counter to grab them.  Their flavors were unimaginative and even the basic ones were not that good (too watery, too sweet)... seriously, I should've just driven the few more blocks to the NW.I did like their island bar of toppings because when you are in S Chandler, where all the high schoolers and parents with mounds of kids go on Sun afternoons like this, you want to not be stuck in a line for toppings.I'm still loyal to Kokomo so far in S Chandler...
5	This place opened up early in my senior year of high school and I've loved it ever since! Perfect little frozen yogurt shop and the owner is super nice. I live the fact that they have cheese cake bites that you can put in your frozen yogurt.
5	Went here last night with my girlfriend. They have great flavors. We had trouble deciding. Lots of great toppings to choose from. Clean place. Nice staff. Good hours. Will definitely repeat. But not too often. Ha.
5	I really like this yogurt shop!  The employees are always super friendly and the place us always really clean!  My go to flavor is cake batter and I top that with oreo cookie bits - so yum!  The toppings bar is extensive and you can have just about any topping you can think of.  The charge by weight just like all frozen yogurt shops do, the price is comparable. They have a couple tables outside so on a nice night, its fun to just chill outside. This shop is in the basha grocery store strip mall.
5	all I can say is Yum
