1	Worst customer service ever! Customer service told us to come in the store to change out a battery and charger it took them over an hour of fighting with us in store before they finally handled it.
1	This is without a doubt, the WORSE Verizon Wireless store in the valley.  Go elsewhere if you want polite, nice customer service.  All verizon wireless stores leave a lot to be desired, but this one rates a 0 in reality, not a 1 star.
1	I have to echo the other statements regarding poor customer service,never before have I had such poor service from the sales staff.  I went in to upgrade my old phone knowing exactly what I wanted and apparently being an informed consumer at this store means a cold experience.  I knew the Verizon edge program was a ripoff and declined it upfront after being offered it which seemed to annoy the lady helping us.  After declining the accessories she seemed done with us barley saying a few words throughout the rest of the conversation.  When I mentioned that cases were a better deal online she then recommended that I purchase the phones online if it was such a better deal to shop that way.  Some serious training needs to happen to correct this unacceptable behavior.  She did not smile or have anything pleasant to say, maybe having a bad day or just irritated that I was not falling for the sales gimmicks, either way it was a poor overall experience.  I will be seeking out another store where they actually care about quality customer service.
1	Well here's a fun update on my experience at this Verizon Store.  Sydney in sales took it upon herself to "update" my account in such a way that only provided my with 1 Gb of data a month either through sheer incompetence or in retaliation of my denial of accessories.  A call to Verizon customer service fixed this issue where they are not paid on commission and are actually there to help the customer. I found out that i was supposed to be on a 6 GB per month data plan due to my previous unlimited plan which had expired when I upgraded my phones.  No matter what the answer is, either retaliation or incompetence neither is acceptable from a customer service standpoint.  I welcome any contact form Management at this particular store to speak with me as there are serious issues going on at this store that need to be immediately resolved before I or anyone i know will continue to do business there again.
5	Was helped by Amii & was very happy all around. Switched from iPhone to Android and made a lot of changes to my plan. Surprisingly easy & had me in/out in about an hour.Helped by someone else when my fiance went to change phones/plans & it was not the same. My 5-star rating is because of Amii. We went back in a week later & she was there. Got us squared away with a smile & a very good knowledge of her product s & services.
1	If I could give this store and the company a lower rating I would.  I went in to the store to simply cancel a plan because I'm moving abroad.  I knew that I was going to have to pay a cancellation fee, which made how they treated me worse.  Basically, they couldn't cancel my service in the store and I was forced to call their customer support IN THE STORE, which I was hung up on twice!  It took me over and hour and a half to simple cancel one phone line.  What made things worse is they wouldn't let me cancel the contract for an entire month so I had to pay for the cancellation fee + another month of phone service that I couldn't use because the phone was not compatible in Europe.  The manager was obviously trying to hide from me because he made one of his least experienced representatives work with me and he made sure to look busy on the opposite side of the store. BTW, I wanted to sell the phone back to the store, which I was quoted $100 a few weeks prior from their customer service.  When I arrived to the store, they told me the phone was now worth $33.  How does a phone in perfect shape lose $77 of value within weeks?  What angers me the most about Verizon is how I've been a customer with them since 2002.  When I move back to the states, I will NOT sign back up with Verizon.  Verizon is a horrible company.
1	If I could give this store 0 stars I would!!! They replaced my daughters phone that was under warranty and then came back and said we need to charge you there was water damage! They never said anything while we were there, I believe it's their way of making money off of people!!!! I will be changing all three phone lines to another carrier not to mention, telling everyone i know to not use them!!!
1	This store is useless! I had an issue starting up an account and the worker and manager just stared at the same screen for ten minutes shaking their head and told me there is nothing they could do. They didn't even try to help or think of solutions. Then I went to the Verizon store on Valvista and baseline and they made it seem like it was no big deal and completely solved the problem. I will never go back to that store ever again.
1	Worst service of any VZ store I've ever been to, and I've dealt with several in several states. "My word is pretty much gold" is what I was told by one employee (Sergio) when he said I didn't qualify for an early upgrade (20 days before my 2yr contract expired) and that manager approval wasn't an option. He was wrong, in spite of his pride. Next visit was just as poor from a customer service standpoint. The store a few miles down the road (ValVista) took great care of me, and renewed my confidence in VZ.
1	I hope that Verizon realizes that they are literally losing customers because of the terrible service in this store. Went in to upgrade my phone with a deal they had going on--that my husband had JUST used that same day in a different corporate store--and the service rep had no idea what I was talking about and told me that what I was asking could not be done. So then I asked to speak to a supervisor and the guy stalled and told me that the supervisors were all busy and couldn't talk to me. Tried to get my husband on the phone to explain the deal to the guy and he said, "I never talk to people on the phone that I don't know and can't see." Guess the guy must NEVER answer the phone at work then. At this point there were multiple (non-helpful) employees standing around and I was so upset I stated that I would never shop there again. Apparently no one cared that I walked out very upset. I drove straight to the Verizon store my husband had gone to (on Frye Rd by the Chandler mall) and they immediately signed me up with the same deal--no questions asked. Bottom line: AVOID THIS STORE AT ALL COSTS.
1	These reviews are so right this is the worst store I have ever been to. There is a man who works there named Jason that is the rudest person I have ever met.  I have only found one sales person in there that knows what they are doing and has a good attitude.
