5	Now, I'm probably a little older than their target market, but darn, this place is fun! And my teenagers really get a kick out of embarrasing me here. Supposedly created by a Universal Studios designer, Stratun has a giant labyrinth 15 different levels with bridges, ramps, and 90 towers with heights up to 20 feet. Great for groups, families, or a fun-loving date!
2	arena was too big and the equipment was faulty. Went there with a group of friends a year back and there were only 10 of us in the game, i went most of the time in there just looking for someone to shoot. On my pack the sound was out, and I couldnt tell when i was shooting or had been shot. Better options out there, and some not too far away.
2	"I'm sorry...I'm so, so sorry."That's the apology I gave to myself after a game of laser tag here.  I felt I owed the apology to myself, because SOMETHING was owed to me to take the place of a good time that I had hoped to have here.Two things blew it for me.  And these are not two petty things.  1.  The guns and vests.2.  The arcade machines.The guns suck.  Downright blow chunks.  There is a 'heat sensor' on the bottom of the gun that requires you to hold your sweaty hand over it in order to fire.  I've used guns that you've had to hold with 2 hands, and I don't like it.  Its difficult to snipe people below an elevated opening.  Just try it, you'll see what I mean.  That isn't my main gripe about the gun, though.  When you shoot, you hear nothing.  There is no red laser beam.  Just a dot off in the distance.  Okay, okay, okay.  I'm being anal.  But this is just sub-par with any of the laser tag places I've been.  Its not like I'm an aficionado on laser tag guns, but this one just felt cheap and generic and unfun.  I'm used to guns with your friggin NAME on the back of it, telling you when you've tagged someone, where you tagged them, the name of the person you tagged, and what your current rank in the game is.  Now that's TOP tier laser tag.  Even bottom tier made some type of zapping noise and gave you an actual beam you could see. The vests didn't even vibrate when you got tagged.  No sound letting you know you're out.  You have to look down to see if you're flashing red to even know if you're hit (and if your team color is already red...then you're just screwed).  All you get is a number for identification.  No cool codenames.  But I will say this...the targets on the vest are actually accurate.  You won't be shooting a shoulder target 20 times to get a hit. Nothing P's me off more than broken arcade games.  Stratum's has a so-so selection.  Tekken 5 is the highlight.  But...the joystick balls have been stolen.  The Player 1 slot doesn't work.  Garbage.They have a nice selection of racing games...but on the nicest one, the steering wheels are about to come off of the game.There is a neat looking speed bag game...but the dang thing don't work.And yes, there is even the basketball game.  All the balls are flat.Time Crisis 3...but only one side works.  Blasphemy.Area 51...only one side works.Its as if they only want one person at a time to play the games.Well, at least the air hockey works...though the scoreboard is gonna fall on some little kid probably.  Ok, those are the negatives which brought this place down to 2 stars.  But there are enough positives here that you normal, well-rounded people will probably appreciate enough to come back again.The place is clean.  Even the arcade.  Well lighted, airy, and it didn't stink like Parmesan cheese.  The service was friendly.  Although the game administrator or "Commander" was a bit unmotivated.I didn't sample the food, nor did I visit the facilities. The maze is a strong point.  Its awesome.  I can truly say that this is the biggest and most complex maze I've been in.  There were like a million kids in one game, and we all fit in there without running into the same person too many times.  The bases are a little cheesy, but there are sniper points, ramps, hiding spots, dead ends, all the good stuff and a lot of it.  Black lights are in full effect.Unfortunately, just when you find a good spot, the game's over.  It seemed REALLY short to me.  I should've timed it so I could give you all a better idea, but let's just say that I didn't feel I got my money's worth at all.The games cost $8.  They have deals if you buy more than one game.  THere was some kind of deal restriction for Saturdays though, but only in the afternoon.  I didn't peep the food prices.Well, I guess I'm just spoiled.  I lived close to 2 laser tag arenas back in Michigan, and both were better than this.  But maybe this is all we've got here.  And if so...they need to step it up...I'm sorry.  I don't give too many bad reviews, but this place stunk up my experience.Get better guns, have some kind of 'nickname' system, get better vests, and fix the dat-gummed arcade games!  They charge enough to keep the facility up, so do it, yo.
3	Customer satisfaction.  Huh???Customer WHAT?!Customer satisfaction.  Its something that these days only the customer cares about.  And we've been given so little of it over the years, that we've kinda stopped expecting to be satisfied.  We're happy if the guy at the drive-thru gets our order 'mostly' right.Businesses have forgotten that we indeed make their world go round'...and that's not some egotistical statement.  The fact is that the consumer's money allows businesses to continue to operate.  How is it that the business man has forgotten this?  How is it that we, the consumers, have allowed it to be forgotten?The owners of Stratum's are a rare find.  They're the owners you come across every blue moon who actually give a crap.  I was contacted by one of the owners personally about my review.  The series of emails that followed were not the piss and moan conversations usually had between 'managers and customers'.  This was an owner of a business reaching out to a consumer.  I will not go into the details until my final review has been posted.  However, I have given another star for this remarkable effort by this business owner.  I will be revisiting Stratum's and will update my review accordingly.  I realize that Yelp is not just another review site.  Some really great stuff has come from this thing.
3	Let's be honest. You don't go here for the food. You don't go here to be waited on. You go here to play a game, or to drop your kids off so they can play. Sure, if you are having a birthday party there you expect to be waited on a *bit* more, but to expect falling-all-over-you service is just unrealistic in these establishments. It was fun, the kids had a good time, and the birthday party went smoothly. That's all you need.
5	Stratum is a fantastic experience for friends and families. The arena is huge! Larger than any other laser tag place I have ever been to. You can run around for multiple games and still not see every part of the place. The employees are extremely friendly. They gave great tips and strategies and sincerely helped the younger kids to ensure they were having fun. At the end of a game you can see your scores and a lot of details about it. I recommend this place to all of my friends and co-workers. Especially when it is the middle of summer! The place is hella cool.
4	The good: Large arena (bigger than Laser Quest), lots of ramps and openings and such.  Definitely one of the better places to play laser tag.  Finding all of the "bases" is a bit of a hassle, but that's the overachieving wanna-be laser tag champion in me coming out.The bad: It's pricey, and they continue to circulate buy-one get-one coupons that are a bit of a scam.  If you walk in with a buddy and try to purchase two games for the price of one, they will refuse.  Turns out you may only get a future game free for yourself.  But isn't the whole point of BOGO at places like this the chance to go there with a friend?  That leaves a bad taste in my mouth.Update: The manager contacted me and promised to make their coupons more clear in the future.  I appreciate good customer service, so I've bumped my rating up a star.
4	My fiance, his friend and I went to Stratum for my fiance's birthday. The Thursday Thunder deal (unlimited games for $15 from 4:30 - 9) was a grreat deal! I was very pleased with the service from the staff and admired their patience levels with the screaming 10 year olds around them. With that said, I would also like to say that we did have problems with the equipment (only when we played red team for some reason) and in large room like that it is impossible to control that many people (about 40 players). I had more trouble with teens and tweens breaking the rules than I did with anything else there. I do not blame the staff, of course, because there is only so much one or two people can do against 40. I did not get anything from the snack bar so I cannot rate that. I did however play around in their arcade and it is lackluster at best. Very limited and cramped. The flow is very difficult to get through when there are 50+ kids and parents running around. Up until the end (when a bus of about 60+) showed up for a party we had a blast.
1	My kids love this place. I've never been into the arena, but they say it is big enough to be fun.  Unfortunately, they may never be able to return. Not because of the place, but because of the other patrons of the place.  I was appalled at the language and behavior that was allowed in the arena. A 12-year old in our group was pushed to the ground by an older woman who got upset that he snuck up on her (seriously, how old are you, ma'am?) and my kids (7 and 10) were called all kinds of derogatory names by poor sports in the arena.What's more is that I get to explain to my elementary school kids the meanings of all kinds of new expressions they picked up in there. Seriously, this is a game! I can't hold the staff completely responsible for the behavior of other customers, but everything I've outlined above is in direct violation of the "rules" posted outside the arena.  I would expect reasonable enforcement effort from the staff. At the very least, the woman who *intentionally* knocked over the child should have been asked to leave.
3	I've bumped up my review because one of the owners responded and really seemed to care about addressing the situation I described. I agree that giving the place a totally negative review because of some bad customers is not fair to the business. So, a solid three stars for fun. The kids do love it.
5	This is a birthday party review!I've had my oldest son's last three birthday parties here and just celebrated my young son's 8th birthday here. My boys love it. I always let Stratum do everything. Pizza, drinks, cake, balloons, tokens and goodie bags. You give them a $50 deposit which is always scary as kids get sick but luckily I've never had a problem. The birthday package I get gives you a nice room decorated in fun colors. The room has tables with tablecloths, chairs, plates and cups, if you order balloon bouquets you get a couple balloons with ribbons and sand bag. The party is typically for 10 kids which feels like you might lose one or two in the chaos but they give them all color coordinated wristbands and somehow no one gets lost. The host takes care of everything from corralling the kids when it's time to play tag, lining them up, counting, serving food & drink etc. The kids go off and play to give you 20 minutes to relax, play games or they have WiFi (it doesn't work well) for your phone. Then the pizza comes(it actually tastes very good) and the kids are comparing scores and eating. The birthday kid miraculously scores incredibly high every game(I love it). The kids play in the arcade and then their second game, then it's cake and opening presents. I believe the cake comes from Costco - they are awesome.The arcade is always fun (Ms. Pac Man & Galaxia for me) the kids get tickets which they redeem for cheap little things just like Peter Piper etc. The games are a bit expensive at 2 tokens for most. You do get an option to purchase more tokens at discounted price that I highly recommend taking advantage of.   The host then brings the goodie bags which are usually filled with lots of toys and are geared to boys or girls. They are nice presentation. My bill typically comes to $300 then I'm really happy I put down the $50 a month ago makes it a bit less painful. (Which is silly if you watch The Real Housewives of Bravo where they shell out $40k ha.ha.) Then I tip my host what I hope to be considered generous because they really do a great job. I typically leave with lots of extra cake, very happy and tired kids. I can't review the actual laser tag from a user perspective but my kids have fun!I always get great, caring customer service and happy kids!
4	Very good laser tag place, I've been here with friends, even celebrated my birthday here!The arena itself is very well designed. Lots of walkways, multiple levels, sniper towers, and plenty small corners to hide!There's also the base system, if you're unaware with that. Sure, you can shoot your opponent for 100 points, but all three teams (red, yellow, blue) have two bases, totally six, meaning four enemy bases. You shoot these bases, you get a whopping 2,000!!!! Now keep in mind the bases will shortly shoot back on deactivation, making you inactive much longer than if someone shot you. That sucks.Birthday packs are awesome! You're guaranteed one if you reserve a package, but since there were only two birthdays that day and my friends and I got unlimited (more on that later), the staff bro was chill enough to give me the remaining pack! Basically it's a rapid fire gun (muahaha) that makes your shot opponents' packs sing happy birthday every time they're shot by you. Psychological torture more than anything, but it's fun =DPrices can be sold by game. Obviously, the more games you buy the cheaper it is. Best deals are the weekend unlimited packs. Last I was there, there was Saturday 8-12 PM and Sunday 1-6 PM. Always went sunday, $24.99 unlimited! You stay the entire time, you can easily play over 10 games, as each game is about 20 minutes. Fun stuff, huh?You can also get a membership. $19.99 gives you a little device that when you put it on your pack, changes it to your custom name! So rather than Red 4 or Blue 19, it's essentially a "gamertag" if you will. You also get access to special events and more. Not sure on the longevity of the membership, but it's cool nevertheless.There's also an arcade if you're bored. Decent selection, DDR, ticket games, and what not.Very solid experience if you're looking for some fun in the area. I would suggest going during the unlimited times to guarantee people to play against.
4	You may feel suspect of this place in this run down strip mall, however this laser tag is a riot. The arena is well designed, gigantic, and multi-level. I went there with a big company group and had a heckuva time. They have an arcade with that tickets for junk and some crappy snacks. Not much else to say, but if you want a crazy game of laser tag, with many bases and different styles of play, this is the place to be.
5	We love this place!  My two kids have had multiple birthday parties here.  We started going to Stratum when my daughter was having her 9th birthday, and last year we took my daughter's entire court (from her quinceanera) to Stratum for some laser tag fun.The prices are fair.  I usually spend a little more than I would like, but you do pay for the quality.  The food is actually pretty good, much better than Peter Piper Pizza or other places where you have fun, food, and games.  The service is outstanding, comparable to Dave and Buster's which is much more expensive.  It is nice to know that you have a clean place, with servers, and someone coming in to help serve and clean up.  We usually had our parties in our home, so it was nice to come out and have people help serve and clean while you sit around and relax!It is a great place to come for some decent food and lots of fun for kids of all ages.
5	I've been wanting to review this place ever since I first came here for a team builder with my company. This place was so ridiculously fun (the laser tag was the best I've found) and the pizza was so awesome that I booked my daughter's bday party here. The party host was great (very attentive), and my daughter already wants to go there again next year. I'm honestly looking forward to it too. What a rush, I highly recommend experiencing Stratum, it's a blast for anyone of any age.
4	I took my 7 year son today and he and I both had a great time. He had a lot of fun walking around in the dark and shooting his laser gun. The staff was very good about explaining the rules during the briefing. During the actually session they were good at keeping the older kids from getting to crazy and keeping it safe for the little guys/girls running around . The only reason I can not give a 5 star review is the the equipment was a little large for a 6-7 year old. My son had a hard time with keeping the laser pistol firing. as you have to use both hands on the unit to make it work. So he was not actually firing most of the time, but he never knew the difference, he had fun and was excited because he was on the winning team each of the five games we played.
5	We went here for a birthday party on a Tuesday.  The party thrower didn't call ahead and turns out it was closed. The guys were so great they opened the place for us. The kids had fun. Great place and great employees
4	Stratum is the place to go if you are looking to play laser tag! The facilities are really nice and all the employes were great! it can get pretty pricy though! It was about $7 a game! which adds up if you are wanting to play more then one! Last time i went i saw a sign saying that they do "All Nighter" For $20 bucks! I think it was for about 2-3 hours? somewhere in there! but that is the way i would do it, if i wanted to play for a long time! you would save money in the long run! But it is great for the whole family young and old it doesn't matter your age your going to have fun! I will defiantly go back!
1	I have been to Stratum on multiple occasions with groups of friends or school groups. Stratum is a very overrated laser tag facility with numerous problems. Here are some of the main issues i have come across:-The maze is gigantic. This may seem like a plus at first, however, on normal operating days there are not enough people to fill the maze. It is very common to get lost and just wander around without finding anyone to tag since the arena is so large-Heat sensors on the guns. On each gun there is a heat sensor on the bottom that you must be in contact with for the gun to fire. This is meant as a safety precaution must problems arise with it. First off it can be irritatingly difficult to keep it active, making firing the gun inconsistent. And second, the biggest issue with it, a way to override the sensor is to put chewing gum on it to keep it warm. The result of this is that there is CHEWING GUM ON A LARGE AMOUNT OF THE GUNS. VERY GROSS! No one wants to be touching another persons chewing gum while playing.-Bad quality pizza. Just a heads up-Price. This facility does cost more than other competitors in the area. Check prices before you go and see what other facilities are offering.-Cheating. At least at the time I was there, there were people who figured out that it is possible to shoot the vests that were still hanging in the vesting room and still gain points, giving them a large advantage as far as ranking goes. You would expect that Stratum would fix this issue, but it was still present the next time I visited as well. Not cool!These are the main complaints I have with this facility. Check your options and find a different place to experience laser tag, there are others far superior to Stratum.
5	Best Laser Tag in AZ.  The arena is huge and the only one that I have been to that is multi level.  Lots of sniping!   Check out there website for unlimited plays and other specials.  Kids had a great time playing and we always bring the cousins here when they come in from out of town.
4	Eh.
4	Walked in a virgin laser-er, Walked out as Lara Croft (Or so I thought)Had so much fun running around in the dark. Went with a bunch of kiddies for a birthday. Didn't book a package, but did the unlimited gaming from 8-Midnight for $19.99 which ended up being a pretty good deal considering we played back to back the entire time. Games typically last about 20 min. at $8 a piece, so I would say unlimited is the best way to go.Initially I thought I would just hang out and kill time in the nice lil' snack-bar/arcade area, but in the end I was glad I opted to play. The game proved to be quite an enjoyable work out, but you can also find joy in taking it easy in a dark hidden corner and shooting secretly from there, if you so choose. Either way, you can't go wrong with this place. My favorite part was the final play of the night in which we had a free for all. Every man for himself. It's the best way to play in my opinion and the guy even let the game run on a tad bit longer, which I thought was mighty cool of him. Definitely consider this place for an out of the norm night-o-fun, but be sure to check the website for specials first as it seems they have quite a few throughout the week.
2	Very dirty!!!!As soon as you walk in to this place you are hit with a terrible smell. You can tell that it is older so there is only so much that can be done. The laser tag itself was pretty decent but everything else wasnt great. The arcade is small and the food is terrible. Bathrooms were clean enough for me to use but all around not an impressive place.
3	Had my daughters birthday party here today. Kids had a great time. Pizza was real good. Only complaint is the automatic 40.00 "gratuity" if they are going to add it automatically then it's no longer a gratuity, it's a fee!
4	Stratum laser tagIn briefThe good - It's relatively safe the staff is greatThe bad - Public health and fair play issues -1 starDetailed parent review below-SafetyThe location of the facility seemed safe and the online crime maps showed low crime in a 1 mile radius so at least (as a mom and daughter) I felt safe walking to the car at the end of the night.-Laser ArenaThe staff member in charge goes through the rules at the start of every game. Not sure how serious they are about kicking out individuals who break the rules since everyone in all our games were very well behaved. -PersonalI was concerned about the personal safety of my 12 year old daughter, after seeing the local news reports of tween girls accosted at Walmart and Target, I made sure to be proactive and played every game with her. On the one occasion we were separated, she made it back to the cloak room all smiles. I hope the safe game play stays this way. It was reassuring that one of the rules is no touching other players. The arcade area is just like any other arcade. The only people in the arcade were the ones sitting out a laser game or waiting for a laser game to start. So no dodgy characters here like at other arcades around town. -PhysicalThe laser tag areas: briefing room, cloak room and arena, are lit with black light. I had no problems being able to discern the faces of members from the opposing team.We were a small group of 5 and in all but one game we were on a team with strangers. We had two moms with 3 children in my party.  Our laser tag team had two other groups made up of a young family of three tiny ones plus their parents with a group of college kids. In the end no little people were trampled and no big people were slowed down by the the little people. The minuses-Health hazard warning.I hate to point out the down sides after so much fun but there is one huge one.  The sweat drenched vests.  The first time we took off our vests we were drenched in our own perspiration. The four parents on my team quickly realized at the end of our first game that one objective should be to reuse the same vest we had used in the previous game. For all but our last game this was possible since the opposing team kept asking to be the red team.  After losing so many games they asked to be yellow and much to our dismay our team was forced to use the sweat drenched red vests.  We were weary of being thrown out for not following the staff directions (as warned in the briefing room).  So we followed the directions of the staff member.  Everyone in my group whipped out the hand sanitizer at the end of the game. We were disgusted and decided to leave right after this game. We still had three games before the end of the night. Instead we left and hit the showers first thing when we got home. Never in a million years would I put on a strangers sweaty shirt. This last thing marred what had been a rather spectacular time. It also made me worry about infectious diseases. I don't even want to think what microbes might be cultured from the vests. I honestly hope that the vests are disinfected between uses but I seriously doubt that any disinfectant could penetrate through a vest in the short times between games.The fact is that infectious diseases love hot humid places like these laser tag vests and so do the children. I don't foresee people stopping from visiting here but there are many things that can and should be done for public health reasons. 1. Hand sanitizer everywhere! In the cloak room, by the food counter, by the exit of the laser arena, in front of the exit doors to the facility.2. Use of UV disinfectants to reduce the biological load of microbes on the vests.-Another minus: The birthday person is allowed the use of a special vest and gun with better speed and accuracy.It would have been nice if everyone could be given the option to pay an additional fee for a faster and more accurate gun.   Although it made me wonder why the owners would not ensure all their guns were equally fast and accurate.
4	I recently went came here for a group outing and it was my first time playing laser tag. The staff was fun and energetic which really made the experience great. Since it was my first time doing laser tag I don't have many standards to go off of but we all had a great time and it was very organized. Will definitely be coming back here for future events.
1	I will NEVER go back to this place. When it was our groups turn to play, we went into the little room to get the safety spiel. The young man giving the instructions made several jokes with a sexual connotation. One in particular, when he was supposed to be telling you to make sure your vest strap was properly tightened, he said "tighter is always better". He said it in a way that everyone knew he wasn't talking about the vest. My friend and I were so offended that we decided to leave after only playing one game. Before we left we asked to speak to the manager. A guy identified himself as the manager and owner. Maybe he was, but when we told him all about what happened his answer included "they are instructed to say "tighter is better". Which is not what was said. He did offer free passes to come back, but I did not accept them. I will not be going back. I hope they should change their safety speech. I will tell everyone I know that this place is not only inappropriate for kids, but disrespectful to women. They are not the only game in town anymore.
3	Had a Birthday party there, the kids seemed to have a good time, but I didn't think it was well organized or worth the high price tag.  They only got to play 2 games in the birthday package and they were only 10 minutes each.  They were late with the pizza and then hurried them to finish so they could start the next game which was over so fast that they were late with the cake too.
4	My kid loves this place.She decided to have her 11th birthday party here.  The host was great, super sweet and accommodating.  It was pricey for what it was; and many of my daughter's friends couldn't make it so we had a very small crowd, but she still had a good time.  I didn't mind the money since we've put off birthday parties in years past due to reasons beyond our control.Yes.  It gets sweaty.  Yes.  It can be gross.  It's part of being a kid and having fun ... even my short little 7 year old hung in with the 11-12 year olds.
5	When I fist walked in with my gransfson on a Saturday afternoon I thought no way am I doing this. The place was packed. We went I n any way and had a blast. The 10 year old became a leader and I a lowly foot soldier.  Good time reasonable priced. The staff was very friendly and the food was better than I expected.
1	Honestly, don't waste your money and go to Laser Quest. If you have the unfortunate timing to have issues with the workings of the business while Vinny is in charge, nothing will get solved. Vinny is one of the owner's relatives and treats you exactly like one would expect - terribly because he can get away with it. He will smirk at you like a sleezy used car salesman, if it wasn't already obvious that since he already has your money, there's nothing he's willing to do for you. They allow too many people into each game (up to 60) so if you have problems with your pack, which has likely a 25% chance of failure, you are forced into a cycle of being shot and not able to play since everyone else got a 30 second start. Also, if they're having a special that you call to confirm, be advised that the employees may not give you all of the information needed to get the special, such as the need to physically print coupons, and, of course, Vinny will do nothing to remedy the situation. TL; DR: Save your time, money, and frustration and go to Laser Quest, where you also get to make up silly player names.
2	Fun, but for a family of 4 to go two times, it's $78, way too expensive to come back!!
4	The plaza is a bit runned down, it is older and could use some updating along with newer arcade games. However, the employees were very nice and the kids had an absolute blast! $15.99 unlimited on Thursday evenings is not a bad deal.
3	Fun course set up with a bunch of towers. The match was a little short, I would have liked another ten minutes! Wednesday is only $5 per game with coupon from their site.
5	Last year my son went to a birthday here and he just could not stop talking about how much fun he had. So this year, we had my son's birthday party here on a Wed night being that he did not have school Thurs, Fri and it was the perfect night to have it being that it was not too crowded yet enough people showed up to make it fun. They had one game with 21 people- blue vs red, break for pizza, then another game of blue vs red vs yellow- my son and his group of friends won and they were super excited!!!  After the second game, they had cake then I gave them tokens for the games. This setup was perfect for an 8 yr old birthday party. Any more games would have been too much. Just by chance, Angela (one of the owners) was the high school friend of one of my friends so she gave us a tour of the facility!  The place is big- def will not have any problem for large parties. If you don't want to buy one of their birthday packages you can set up your party in the eating area- it worked out just fine. Everyone who worked there were super nice. The girl making the pizza even timed the food so that it was pipping hot for the boys just as the first game ended. To share how much fun the boys had- one of them said the party was better than Mine Craft- didn't even know that was even possible?!  Lol. I would def have another birthday party for my son here again!
4	We did my 10 year old daughter's birthday party here today, on a Saturday in late October.  The party time was 3:30, and lasted for 2 hours.  In this particular package, there were 2 game sessions with pizza in between the sessions.I'd almost exactly ditto the comments left by Daisy W a few reviews below this, including small crows, a little expensive, awesome host, great time, and even a good fit for tiny 7 year olds in the group, so I won't restate those details here.  The party package frankly doesn't add much, even though it was great.  For a pretty good chunk of change, you get a couple of tables and some pizza and drinks, and somebody to carve them up and see if you need anything.  The host was quite good, but just didn't have to do all that much!  For a small group, you really might be better off just doing some unlimited game play passes during a sale and buying some pizza from the snack bar which had abundant tables and seating space.On the topic of food though, I'll also add for you anti-gluten types like me, they have gluten free pizza on the menu.  Didn't try it this particular day, but the regular pizza for the party was pretty good I thought.Net net, we had an awesome time.  It isn't a palatial palace like a Vegas casino hotel or something, but it is a pretty good facility.  The laser tag floor itself is pretty good size, with some ramped and enclosed walkways that crisscross the arena floor as an upper level.Perhaps the best part, the time of day was simply awesome.  I'd read a couple of reviews that made it sound like you had to wrestle your way into game sessions, it might be difficult to get grouped up, etc.  This time of day at least, it wasn't crowded at all.  In fact it was mostly parties, and we had about 2 more parties join us and maybe a crowd of 30 - 35, which fit on the game floor just fine.  As a party, and probably since we were small, or maybe because we had a great host, we were always in the "prep" room for the upcoming game first.  The first go around, it sounded like everyone was there for the first time that day, and the game floor "commander" spent a bit of time going over instructions.  The second time, they were fast, although there was some hold up that we spent a few minutes (maybe 5) of extra idle time waiting in the prep room.So for party host, crowd level, efficiency of getting into a game, and level of fun, I'd probably give it 5 stars.But I'm giving it 4 (which in reality would probably be 3.5) because of a couple of things I would criticize: one they can't do anything about, and one they could fix pretty easily.  First, I said this is a "pretty good" facility because I've been to some of the first laser tag places in NY maybe 25 years ago.  Those places were gigantic, where you could run around and literally exhaust yourself after a single session.  At Stratum, the rules are no running, and the reason for this is pretty obvious - there isn't enough open space to be taking off running, and there are lots of close quarters and twists and turns to create more playing space inside a mid-sized facility.  Running is simply dangerous.The second thing I'd criticize is the length of game play.  I think this is an easy fix, because just another 3 to 6 minutes would probably make a world of difference in the player's eyes, and would probably still work within their turn schedules with just a little bit more hustle on equipment prep.  I never timed one of the sessions, but for the length of time you spend sitting in the prep room waiting for and listening to instructions, the game play seems kind of short.  Not terribly short, but a bit short.  We didn't feel like an outraged "Oh man, I can't believe it is over", but there was consistently a "darn it's over already" reaction.  (Granted, my wife who booked the party was under the impression it was 45 minutes, so she was pretty bummed the first go around, which is probably closer to 10 minutes).  For the business, I suspect that an slightly extended play time (3 to 6 minutes) would have significant return revenue impact. I'd recommend an A/B test using a simple 5 question survey on a couple of Saturdays.  Don't tell anybody, but run one Saturday with regular game length and a survey question asking about satisfaction with game length.  Then run another Saturday with extended play asking the same thing.  I'd bet money that even a marginally higher satisfaction level with game play length would generate 10% greater return business over the following 6 to 9 months.
3	From a 9 year old's perspective, at least mine, it's an awesome place. Him & his friends were signed up for a Sunday 2-6-they played until 5pm when they were worn out & sweating.No long wait times & I think we had a total of 5 games played. In terms of the actual laser tag, I wasn't part of that. The reason I gave a 3 star rating was due to lack of seating for non participants. The only place there to wait was the small cafeteria. Small tables, some had stuff on them but weren't physically occupied, so it was hard to determine if you were stealing someone's spot.The 2nd reason for the 3 star review, is the astronomical prices on sub par food. I paid 18 & some change for 5 sodas & a big pretzel...Advice to parents, bring a book & a fully charged phone, eat elsewhere!!! Otherwise it was easy to locate & again, the kids had fun, so otherwise no complaints.
