5	Their slogan is" Energizing the community through music, coffee, and fresh foods..." and it's true. Since opening in Bellevue they've become a vibrant part of the community. They have great coffee and great bagels and sandwiches. This place used to be a Pizzeria and so they use the oven to make the bagels and sandwiches. Try a Moon Pie! They do catering too. Really great food and atmosphere! It's a great place to hang out at. They support artists by hosting artwork for sale on their walls and having open Mike Nights.
3	This place is really trying to be cool and fun, which is hard to do in Bellevue.  There aren't a lot of hip places to go to after, say, noon in the dry borough of Bellevue, but Acoustic Moose is doing what it can to bring art and culture to the area.  The atmosphere is a little too hipster-trying-to-be-artsy-fartsy for my taste, but at least this place is trying.  The food is okay, as is the coffee.  The music line-up is so-so.  Most of the acts are acoustic and make decent enough background music.  The depressing part is that this joint is often empty--so much that I have to double-check the hours on the door and the open sign before entering.  If the crowd got bigger here, they would have money to book better acts, and thus gain a following--it's a vicious cycle that I'm not sure this place will survive.  But, hey, here's hopin'.As far as places offering any sort of evening events in the Bellevue/Avalon area go, this place deserve 4.5 stars, butttttt as far as the Pittsburgh area is concerned, it's more like 2 stars.  So I balanced it out with a 3-star review.
5	Awesome coffee, great food, especially the bagels and muffins made homemade. Great atmosphere, the owners are very friendly. I haven't made it to any of the music events yet, but I'll let you know how it goes when I do. It'd be a nice place for low-key acoustic singer songwriter acts.
5	I stopped in for a quick cup of coffee and bite to eat yesterday...SO GLAD I DID!Jordan was fortunate enough to be the graphic designer for their logo, so we know how carefully the owners taste and choose their coffee (with precision and passion!).  I had a cup of coffee - BEST IN PITTSBURGH (beating 61C Cafe)!  Jordan had a tea, which didn't need any sweeteners.  And we had a simple veggie wrap that was delicious and fresh.  But seriously - I keep thinking about that coffee.  It was just perfect.  No bitterness.  No after-taste.  Just great black coffee.  Oh how I wish gasoline were cheaper...I would drive there every day!Plus - the staff is super friendly.  I will definitely make it a point to go back anytime I happen to be in Bellevue!
