3	I found the MAN-rack (no joke, that's what they call it.  perhaps that where men also find their man-bags?) to be disappointing.  They carried choice brands such as Salvage, Paper Denim, Hudson to name a few, but that was it -- just a few.  This is your typical overpriced trendy boutique for label-whores, metrosexuals and other deviants -- that you would likely find in Scottsdale, Arrowhead or Chandler.  But here it is in an unlikely part of North Central Phoenix - in (guess?) a Safeway strip mall.  That's HOT.Although the salespeople did say that they're slowly, but surely beefing up their men's line - this hip pricey clothing boutique is a bit lacking - at least for men.   Weird, esp., since this place has been open since 2005.   In reviewing the real estate, it's about 95 percent women's clothing, and 5 percent men's clothing.  So perhaps the ladies will have a better take of this place.   Meanwhile, I'll be elsewhere - even in Arrowhead I can find a larger selection than 6 shirts, 3 pairs of jeans and 2 shorts they had at Muse.   And maybe those places will even play better music than the washed out radio soft-rock.  WTF?
2	I read about this Muse in a local paper. I was very excited to check out this boutique. I was very disappointed in the clothes because I felt like I could go to the mall and find the same shirt/dress for half the price. I don't  know why you would open up a boutique if your not going to have a unique selection of clothes. I'm surprised this place is still open.
4	What a great little neighborhood find! This boutique is a terrific place to find that fab little accent piece to spice up your wardrobe. If you are feeling like the run of the mill mall crap that every one else is wearing is bringing you down, then head up to this tucked away spot in a nophoe strip center and poke around for a while. You will find great accessories and jewelry as well. I love this spot for quick and original girl friend gifts. The owner (who does all of her buying) has a great eye. I have gone in and told her that I felt frumpy. She just started throwing things over the dressing room door and I left with a great outfit that I would have never put together on my own. She also is very community oriented and does a lot of promotions to help out local charities.Yeah, it can be a bit pricey but take a few moments to look around in the sale section and sign up for her email list. She sends out killer discounts at the end of season. AND Oh, guys, good spot for your Valentine's day shopping. In and out with out the confusion and traffic of the mall. Just ask the girls to find you some thing spectacular.
3	While waiting for my Pei Wei take out to be ready, I wandered over to Muse, it is located in the same shopping strip.  When I walked in, I didn't recieve a greeting until a few minutes in and that's fine but it was a bit uncomfortable when it was just the 2 of us in there.  No biggie though.I was with the intention of finding a  unique gift for a friend and was hoping to find a few other things as gifts or just for myself, but I walked out only purhcasing one item-- a really cute feather hair clip.  (SIDE NOTE:  I never gave it to her, I kept it for myself--oops). There wasn't very many options for clothing that very different than what is out there already or really my style, quite a few for accessories.  A few handbags.  But that was really it,  A cute shop, I will check it out again in the future probably.  Oh and once the shop owner and I exchanged hellos, a nice chat came out of it and she seemed very nice.
4	I love this boutique!  The owner Victoria has a very natural and funky sense of style.  She carries some great clothing brands but her jewelry is really unique.  It is hard for me to stop here and not come home with a bag full of treasures. Sign up to receive their emails.  They send our emails less than once a month and always notify you of promotions and sales.  The owner supports several charities throughout the year which brings shopping for a cause a whole new meaning.
4	I love Muse  ..it slowly becoming my go to place for fun jewelry . I have bought several pairs and they are reasonably priced as well as being unique.  Wish I had the money to buy my Favorite Clothes,  Kensie , there. But a gal can dream ...
4	LOVE this little gem tucked away in a strip mall.The clothes are amazing and the shoes are better than most large department stores. The only draw back is that some of the prices can be high and a little shocking. Great place for unique finds and great sales.LOVE! LOVE! LOVE!
4	My girlfriend and I have been shopping here for her for about five years. The owner has a definite aesthetic, and this little label outlet will always have a loyal following that confounds people who do not fit within its range. We love this spot and if I ever need a gift in a hurry a certificate here is a "can't miss". There is an "eye" on display here - and they are very service oriented. The owner has insisted in the past on sewing on sequins which came loosely attached from the manufacturer. Even though it was not obvious to us, she knew they were going to be a problem.  Who does that?Her clothes are reasonable and there is always something with a characterisically wearable yet stylish look on sale. A definite net "plus" for retail fashion in north central Phoenix.
5	I love Muse!  It is such a great store!  The owner Victoria has a great sense of style and love her buying as well as her great customer service!  She or her staff always make it a great experience and honest and help you find cute stuff.  Muse has a great selection of both clothes, shoes and accessories.  I just found this gem and even though I moved to Texas, I always have to make sure and hit Muse on my visit back home!
5	Great service and ALWAYS a unique selection of quality fashion.  I try to support this local business when I need a fun outfit!
5	Muse is my favorite boutique in Phoenix. Fantastic, fun and unique finds that fit my personality perfectly . Muse owner Victoria and her shop girls are great at finding the perfect outfit for any occasion. Great shoes, accessories and jewelry Muse always has exactly what I am looking for. Great sales too! I love Muse.
5	I shop here when I need something extra special to wear. Recently my husband and I were going on special date (it was 10 years since our first date) so I wanted something nice but didn't want to get a divorce over the price,. so I went to Muse. Victoria helped me (she's the owner). We found a perfect little black dress type number (although it is red) for me with matching heels (already had those). Not too expensive, around $100. Most importantly my husband thought I looked smoken hot! Thanks Victoria!
4	I went here again the other day and Victoria helped me again with an awesome dress for a holiday party just $69!! Thanks Victoria!
4	This shop is a great place to find unique items for special events or to pick up wardrobe staples that are different from what everyone else is wearing. I have to give kudos to shop owner Victoria for going above and beyond with personal customer service. She went out of he way to resolve an issue I had, and THAT'S what will keep me coming back in. (That and the ADORABLE little off-white patterned romper I keep thinking about!!)
5	I have a very specific style, and find shopping in many stores very difficult. But As soon as I walked in I was greeted by many different beautiful pieces of clothing.From shoes to accessories to clothes they have it all. The staff is Great. They took the time to help me find what I wanted and made me feel right at home. This is a gem of a clothing store. Be warned that the prices are not cheap. But the clothing is very well made and will last you many seasons to come. I highly recommend this store to anyone who likes fashion or even is looking for a piece of jewelry that  really stands out. A+ store!!
