4	This is a review for the golf course.This was the last course we played on my previous trip to Scotland. Some of the major tournaments held at Dalmahoy include the prestigious Solheim Cup, the Scottish PGA Championship, the Ladies Scottish Open, the 2006, 2007 and 2008 Scottish Seniors Open -- so I figured it had to be a pretty good course. I will admit that my initial impressions were not so good, it did seem a little too Marriot and not enough Scottish. This is a parkland, not a links course -- and so that was perhaps a bit underwhelming too. Don't get me wrong, it was a good course, but then around the 8th hole things started to change and the course blossoms by the time you make the turn for the back nine and head into the the woods. There are many great holes on the back (I actually don't recall a bad one) -- and one of my better shots from the entire trip on hole 16 added to the memory. The 18th was also a great finish, and quite beautiful with the Scottish Baronial Manor as the backdrop.There are two courses at Dalmahoy, we played the East Course which was designed by the legendary James Braid in 1927.This may not make the short list of my favorites in Scotland, but it is a very good course and I would certainly play here again.
3	Functional and unfussy rooms for the recent wedding I attended here were more than made up for by the excellent food served up and the courteous service from all the staff I engaged with. Nicely laid out grounds but they do have you over a barrel as far as booze is concerned.
3	Stayed at the hotel for a conference and it's beautiful.  They've preserved some of its charm as a former castle - it has a beautiful dining room and lounge room, the outside grounds were beautiful.  But it's as if a Marriott hotel was the square peg - it just didn't fit, and I think much of the charm was lost...
4	This hotel is very nice overall. Room was spacious & clean, beds were comfortable.Staff was very friendly & nice. The front desk clerk even had chocolate covered strawberries sent to our room (free of charge). Location is away from main road - so, generally quiet.Grounds were pretty. Parking is free & plentiful. The hotel is about seven miles from Edinburgh city However, a park & ride is only about three miles away & that is how we traveled to Edinburgh while we stayed here. A car is pretty much a necessity.Breakfast was included with our room & was a reasonable buffet. They had an omelet station, but, no one was manning it the days we were there. My husband had to have a staff member find the chef.The golf course is right behind the hotel & looked nice. We don't golf, so did not take advantage of this.Cons - Room was quite a long (& sometimes confusing) walk from parking & the lobby. Hotel did not honor the Marriott Gold point offer of complimentary internet. The internet was over $22 a day. They only have 6 rooms in the older stone part of the hotel - so, the majority are in the very spread out section. Again - a nice hotel. Just not quite at category 5 Marriott standards.
4	There was a point during the taxi ride from Waverley Station out to this hotel that I regretted picking one seemingly so far away. When we turned off the road and drove through the beautiful grounds, past sheep and Shetland ponies, and up to the old stone building ( formerly a castle) I changed my mind. The location is actually quite lovely; very quiet and with lots of space.I spent three nights there, getting the bus in and out of town each day, which took about 40 minutes. The room was clean and attractive with a nice deep bath. Breakfast was included and was excellent. There was a huge spread of breads, cheeses, pastries,fruit and hot items such as eggs, sausage, black pudding and even haggis. The lady in charge of the waffles was very friendly and cheerful.I used the gym twice and was very happy with the choice and standard of equipment.
3	a bit too far out of town with public transport - and the facilities are great but not specifically geared to Spa experiences. Good warm Sauna. I don't play golf - so nothing too exiting for me. Restaurant was good and had simple fare. The clubhouse bar was a little too 'canteeny' for me, great views over the golfcourse though.
3	A 2 for 1 spa voucher for Dalmahoy sourced from Last Minute.com was a birthday surprise received with excited hand clapping. It's worth having a click around for similar deals available as the cost without would make the experience feel far too normal, finding one with lunch included is bonus points!On arrival be sure to talk to the reception about what facilities are available for the day and collect a fluffy robe. Start with the gym, find a class, and embrace. Let music and rhythm with the body work their magic. The body pump teacher was superb and talked through everything needed.Move to the pool for therapy, water does wonders for the soul so take a couple hours here to indulge and snooze in the pool loungers with a book. Saunter to the steam room and allow your mind to enter a dream state. Pad to the luxurious changing rooms and look forward to lunch on the terrace watching the golfers.A good location to switch off from the world. It was unfortunate the sauna was out of action, unbeknown until discovered. Be sure to get your food order double checked as ours went slightly wrong. Other than that, a country club experience which is very enjoyable.
5	I will not soon forget the kindness that Alistair, Katy, and Petor showed us during my Stay at the Dalmahoy Hotel and Country Club. A friend and I were cycling from Glasgow to Edinburgh when the sun began to set.  Exhausted and not willing to ride in the dark on the two lane country roads I checked the see if there was any lodging in the area and the Dalmahoy was the only one. The exterior is exquisite and the entrance reception is breathtaking.  We had explained our situation to the gentleman at the front desk when the general manager came up to us and began asking us questions about our cycling trip.  Shortly after that he let us know that we would be receiving a discount on the room and he would also include breakfast at no charge (the discount was very considerable) The rooms were a welcomed change from what we had been accustomed to on our trip.  The beds and comforters were soft and clean.  Even though we were a bit dirtier than the average guest and this particular hotel everyone treated us with kindness and respect. There are other inanities that we did not use such as the two 18 hole golf courses of the full gym. I cannot thank Alistair and his staff enough for providing us with a true 5 star experience when we truly needed one. I would give 10 stars if I could.
