1	Poor quality cars. Bought a car here a few days ago and after we bought it, the transmission was slipping badly, the starter is going out, found out the back brakes are bad, and the oil pan was leaking. All for the low, low price of 203 every two weeks or 406 every month. Prices are way above KBB values too. I understand that dealers need to make a profit, but the car shouldn't be sold for more than 6500 financed. They say they have "free" labor/diagnosis. It's not really free at all. It's included in the high price of the car. The car has a value of just under 4000 and the total we are paying for this piece of crap 2000 Acura TL is well over 12000. This was the most stressful and frustrating car I've ever owned, and I really regret buying a car from this terrible place.
1	dnsjdhcdn
1	overall a very poor and bad experience i will not recommend to anyone....no matter how bad you credit situation is...it's better to find another better dealership to work with.  i bought a vehicle about a week ago and within the my first day i experience issues with the engine smoking big time however during my test drive everything seemed fine.  i was also reassured by the owner mark st. marie as well as his so called sales person brian whose actually holds a position there as a accountant that the vehicle i was choosing was the better and bestest sounding vehicle they had running.  i put my trust in them that they knew what vehicle was best but apparently you can never trust anybody.  i have bought my vehicle back the very next day to get it checked out by randy the mechanic who looked at it and fixed it what they believe to be what the issues was with the smoking but still was an issue smoking.  i finally gave up took the vehicle back and asked for my downpayment back.... since then i have been waiting patiently for my refund in which these folks rip off customers by not being honest and at least disclose possible mechanical problems known to there possible potential long term customers....after dealing with them eventually the truth comes out that the owner mark knew of the smoking problems with the vehicle before.  i have called left numerous messages for a call back (none) still waiting... bad business ethics no matter what... no customers service...postings on craigslist is not current.  all i'm asking is for my refund back of my downpayment because....but apparently for a business like them they may need my downpayment money stay in business otherwise they cant run there business..  they have to lie to customers to get them in and let the customers face the issues with the vehicle repairs.  although they offer repairs but not the normal or major repairs they have to refer you out to someone else to get the repairs done.  these people are unreal....do not do any business with them...lesson learned for me.... they so call say they help hawaii people....  capital b.s.
