5	I really like this new Thai place.  The food is fresh and tasty with generous portions.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant is clean and very the atmosphere is very nice.We ate there twice before the grand opening.This is just the place we have been waiting for!
5	Yellow curry is very good as is the pad thai and spicy green beans. I have been here numerous times in the short time they have been open the owners are very nice and offer great customer service. The prices are also very good 7.52 after tax for their lunch which is steal for how much you get and the quality and taste of it all. its always clean and they are always nice.
5	Excellent, delicious, and awesome!!! Can't wait to go back! Great decor and service! I think this place is better than Mint Thai Cafe. Definitely worth a try. Me and my husband were more than pleased with the food/cleanliness/service and decor!
5	Was excited to see a new Thai place open up close to home. Was REALLY excited when I tasted the food. My wife and I shared Pad Thai Chicken and Red Curry and both were excellent. The service was friendly and fast, and the restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. We will definitely be back.
5	Food tastes great. Friendly and accomodating staff. Mrthais spring rolls are fabulous.  Egg plant very good. Delicious green curry.
5	We were slightly unsure at first as we walked in and saw no one (but in all fairness it was the day after Thanksgiving), but ended up delightfully surprised! The food was excellent, the presentation was beautiful, and the service delightful. I wish I could give them ten stars!
5	Look up charming in the dictionary and you would see a picture of Mr. Thai, the owner Oh and her husband (the chef).My mom lives very close by and we happened to see the sign about a new Thai restaurant to the street so we decided to give it a shot.We went in at about 8:30pm on a Saturday night and we had the restaurant to our selves, although Oh told us it was packed an hour earlier. The restaurant is clean and has great lighting and decor. While we were reviewing the menu she brought us a basket of still sizzling rice chips that were so good!We decided to order the Pad Thai and Yellow Curry. Both arrived hot and beautifully presented. The Pad Thai was full of flavor and the shrimp were plentiful. The Yellow Curry was just what I was craving, the chicken was tender and the veggies were cooked perfectly. I will say that nothing here has much heat to it, so ask for added spice if that is what you like. They are waiting on a liquor licence (either beer & wine or BYOB). They also have lunch specials for $6.95...Come support this adorable place run by the sweetest couple that really care about their customers!
2	I want to love this Thai place so close to home. Spouse  brought home takeout and forgot to ask them to omit the bell peppers. After carefully removing all the bell pepper from two entrees, I had a dinner size plate full of peppers and the entrees could now fit in a small coffee cup. The flavors were very good. We will try again.
5	Really like have a place this good so close to home.  The service is fast and friendly, the food is great, and the restaurants and very clean.  So far we have had the pad Thai, the eggplant, the yellow curry and a couple of the fried rice dishes.  Everything has been terrific.
4	I love Thai food! Ever since my favorite place in Chandler closed down I've been going around looking for a new replacement. Mr. Thai Bistro is it. The food is simply amazing and it's owned by a little woman her husband so they're nice and they remember me (probably because I've been there a gazillion times since it's opened). The prices are ridiculously cheap. A lunch entree is like 6 bucks and it comes with a free drink. It's also a hefty portion - you either share it with someone or suffer a food baby later.Why 4 and not 5 stars? They never answer the telephone! (GAHHH I want some food, answer the phone!) They also pack the food weirdly - every time I get a to-go order the cartons are broken somewhere and I've had lots of messy stains from it in my car...besides that it's mucho bueno ( i hope that means very good in Thai...)
5	Hidden Gem!  Really good Thai food, nice couple who own it and cook the food.  My wife likes the Panang Curry, I like the Drunken Noodles with beef *hot*.  It's not on the menu but they will make you musasmun curry if you ask.
5	Love this place. The food is fresh and amazing flavour! I love thai and I have try many rsd tsurants and this one is one of my favorites!  The service is excellent...what else may I say..if you want to try something new or if you are thai crazy or if you like fresh and healthy food.. this is the place!
5	Quality authentic real Thai food.  Great food, awesome service and outstanding presentation.  Found my "best Thai" restaurant.
4	Everything was delicious, we ordered pad thai with chicken and yellow curry.
4	We had dinner here this evening. We normally eat at an Asian fusion place when we eat out but my guy specifically wanted pad Thai tonight, so that's what we did.I looked on Yelp in particular to find something relatively close to home with a decent rating. This and another place Thai Basil (which I really like, but have eaten at a bunch and was further from our house than this place) were closest, so we thought that we would try this place out instead of going with the one we know.The waitress was very nice, the place clean, warm, and inviting. This place is small but thats okay, as long as its good I prefer to support local business if it's good.We got yummy chips and spring rolls (the chips were complimentary and the rolls were off of the starter menu)  which were both good. The ONLY reason this place doesn't rate 5 stars for me is because we tried to order satay chicken and were told there wasn't any, when the menu is small, I expect it to be available or told upfront that they are out. Maybe it is a pet peeve of mine when restaurants don't tell you till a time that you ASK for something to tell you they are out of it.I had Red Curry Chicken, he had Shrimp Pad Thai. They were both really good, my curry chicken was exactly what I would expect of good curry. It really was a great meal and really reasonably priced. I also appreciated that though the place was rather small the waitress was perfectly attentive without hovering or making us feel rushed. I really hope that this place sticks around.
5	I continue to return here. The food is great and the staff is friendly.  I ordered the Thai hot spice level for my food this time. It was definitely hot! Not for the novice... I loved it. Just remember that if it goes in spicy hot it will come out the same way. Sorry for the TMI but I wanted to make sure you were warned. I love this place I wish they received more lunch business. Unfortunately, their location is not conducive to a brisk lunch business. Highly recommended!
4	Some of the best thai food I've had in the valley. My husband and I dined there last night.  We started with the crispy rolls- delicious. I had the Yellow Curry with chicken.  It had great flavor, not too heavy with coconut milk and just the right amount of heat. My husband had the Shrimp Pad Tai, he absolutely loved it. He went with the hot rather than the Thai hot, good choice, hot enough to enjoy without burning your mouth off. The service was heartfelt and welcoming. We will definitely be back.
2	As the star rating says, "meh, I've experienced better".  And I'm not talking about in Thailand (where, yes, it is MUCH better).We were recommended here, and had the opportunity, so we stopped-in.  Hostess was very pleasant   There was only one other occupied table at the time (though a few people popped in for take-out while we were there).  We eventually selected a few dishes and were told it would be about 15 minutes.  Which was pretty close to accurate.The food itself was fine.  Nothing special at all.  Just fine.  It had ZERO heat, which for Thai food just doesn't work.  I understand not everyone likes a lot of heat.  Heck, even I can't eat Thai-hot.  But there should be some!  They do provide chili flakes and chili oil, which I used.  It helped a bit.  Don't get me wrong.  The food wasn't bad.  It just wasn't great either.  I think they Americanized too much.The cook (and owner?) did come out and visit the table, which was nice.One big complaint is portion size.  Much smaller than most Thai places I've visited.  The rice portion was absurd.  I think they tried to distract you from the small quantity by doing a nice presentation (cone-of-rice, anyone?).  But it really doesn't make up for there not being enough rice for the dish.  Even though the dish (curry) wasn't that much.  We had to order more rice, which also came out in a small cone.  For a buck.  Usually a dollar buys a decent-sized bowl of rice, probably 2x the amount in their fancy cone.  Face it, rice is cheap.  There's really no excuse to skimp like that.Overall, disappointing.  Nice staff, but a bit skimpy on the quantity and the flavor was just-OK.  There are too many other Thai places out there that have better food (and more of it) to come here again.
4	I ate here with a friend for dinner. We had the summer roll, drunken noodle, and basil fried rice. Everything was delicious. They also bring out some shrimp chips :) We also got salads served in a nice glass. It looked great but did not appeal to my palate. No big deal, it was complimentary from dining in. Another time, I placed an order to go. I had the Mr. Thai egg rolls, which were just okay. For nearly $7, I got 4 egg rolls with a seafood mix. It's not something that I would order again. I also had a Mr. Thai fried rice which was absolutely amazing and the drunken noodles with shrimp.
4	We just moved to this area away from our beloved Thai spot in east Mesa and were looking for a new one and were so glad that we found this spot. We've only had a few dishes the 2-3 times we've been here but so far have not been disappointed. I will point out that they have 4 levels of spice like other reviewers have pointed out: Thai Hot, Thai Medium, Hot, or Medium. There is no mild - I called and ordered that based on another Yelp review and was corrected by the girl there. Oh and this place is spicy!!! My husband was very pleased to find somewhere that was actually HOT (he got the hottest). I stuck with regular medium.
5	Blessed to have a wonderful Thai place down the street that is actually Amazing tasting. Called in for a pick up order of Drunken Noodles with Chicken , medium hot. Arrived to a small cozy clean place. Picked up my order. During lunch they offer a rice paper spring roll and some dipping sauce. I've previously had Drunken noodle at a few other good Thai places and I would consider the taste and quality of this dish 5/5 for sure. The taste was amazing. it wasn't hot and overwhelming , you could taste every single ingredient they used. The price was very fair , just under 8 dollars with tax during lunch. I highly recommend this place as this place is considered a hidden gem for Thai food in Gilbert.
5	First time here. Absolutely impressed! The ambience is nice, the food is delicious, the service is quick and friendly, and the presentation is spot on! We ordered the crispy rolls, tom ka gai (this will be my go to cold weather soup from here on out), drunken noodles with chicken, chili basil, and mango sticky rice. It was all delicious! We will be returning!
5	I love it! I have been to.Thailand and this is authentic.  I had their mussaman curry and it was done the way it should be. I love spicy food sonI got Thai medium and it was extremely spicy and flavorful. I feel very lucky that this authentic Thai restaurant is close to our house.
4	For a small hole in the wall Thai food place, this place was really good. We got dinner to go rather than dining in, but from the moment I placed my order over the phone, the lady I spoke to was so nice and wasn't one of those really mean, yelling ladies like at the other Asian restaurants (you'd understand if you've experienced this). When we came home, the food was packaged really well. We ordered the Panang Curry and Pad See Eu. The rice was shaped into an upside down cone in a separate container. The portion size was really good, the flavors were authentic. The Panang curry was not as peanut buttery as other Thai restaurants, it had more fish sauce and lime flavor, but was still delicious. The vegetables in the dishes weren't overcooked to death and they had a nice fresh crunch to them and not totally mush. I'd definitely come back again.
3	I ordered to-go but I'll probably try sitting inside sometime to see if that's more accurate. The person taking orders was extremely friendly and helpful. We ordered the Mr. Thai Rolls - pretty good, Mr. Thai fried rice - not bad although it had kind of a liver taste, and pad thai - way too salty. Overall not bad and the location is convenient. Just a bit salty even compared to other Thai places I've been to.
5	First time trying this place and loved  it! Friendly service..  Awesome tasting food..  Great portions.  I ordered the Panang chicken with medium spice and it tasted amazing! The crispy roll was also yummy!
3	Meh. It was ok.  I wasn't really impressed with this place. The food was ok and the service was ok, but it wasn't great.  The location certainly isn't great. I may take my family to see what they think and update my review since it was just mediocre.
5	We had a fantastic meal here tonight! It is a great, quiet restaurant with quality food and service.
4	Don't let the outside or the inside fool you.  This place is small but the food is great!  The staff was very attentive and welcoming!  The portions are very large.  Good for sharing.  Great for takeout if the place is too busy!  This rates up there with some of the best Thai I've had in Arizona!  Do it!  You won't be sorry!
2	My family and I were craving some Thai food this afternoon and since this place is around the corner and we had never tried it before we decided to try Mr Thai Bistro.To start, we dropped in at opening (11am) and the door was locked and there was no answer. 10 minutes later the owner walks past and apologizes for being late. Whatever.We are seated and menus are already on the table and our server brings us water. We order spring rolls, pad thai, green curry and chicken satay. The spring rolls were very delicious and beautifully presented. The chicken satay was also very good, though the portion size was a little small. The green curry was also very good. Sadly, my pad thai was the bad part of the meal. The smell of it was terrible and it tasted worse. I only took one bite to figure out that they had doused it with fish sauce and it completely overpowered everything. Now, had this next part not happened I would not have been inclined to write this review, but because of such poor customer service I feel the need to. I let the server know I didn't like the pad thai because it had a lot of fish sauce in it. She looked at me and said, "Yeah, pad thai has fish sauce in it."  I let her know that I was aware of this fact but that it was just overwhelming. At this point she made a face and turned around to take an order from the next 2 tables. After she was finished she came and picked up my dish and walked back in a huff. No request to make something else, no apology, nothing but major attitude. So, all in all I will not be returning to this place. The majority of the dishes are good but because of the bad customer service I got I don't feel it's worth it.
4	My husband and I LOVE Thai food and until visiting Mr. Thai Bistro, had pretty much given up on any good places - too many bad experiences, even with places that we had loved at one point.  Anyway, decided to try Mr. Thai Bistro, and it was Awesome.  The food was fresh and flavorful and I felt the portion sizes were just right.  I think next time we can go a bit hotter, but I appreciated that the waitress/owner suggested to do medium the first time in case her hot was too hot :)  She was very friendly and attentive. We will be back to eat here again.
5	First time here the food and service is fantastic. I had Togo orders ready in 10 mins, the fried rice is one of the best I've had. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5	I've eaten here and got takeout.  this place is better than several in the area that I've eaten such as Mint Thai and Thairama,  I would go so far as to say it beats Mali's on Main in Scottsdale.  the food is great the service is excellent and the presentation is wonderful.
4	I ordered the Pad Thai to play it safe and hubby had the Basil Fried Rice with Beef.  They give you pretty big portion of food in a large plate or bowl. The food is very good. It's also a female chef so that's a plus. Their Thai tea is excellent. I will go back and try other dishes now.
5	We went back to try the pineapple fried rice and chicken matsaman curry. We were not disappointed! Five stars food and service. Again the Thai Iced Tea was excellent!
5	Just finished an excellent and affordable lunch and it's right around the corner from home. We tried this place on a whim and are so glad we did.
5	We love Thai food and have had a hard time finding a place that is spicy enough for my hubby but that still packs the flavor. This place is it. Pineapple fried rice is excellentRed curry, Thai hot is my hubby's favoriteDrunken noodles Medium is my favorite. We've had the soup but it seemed a bit overpriced for what we got. Pad Thai is good, but I like mine more saucy with lots of tamarind paste and fish sauce...this was lacking a little. Other people have commented about the portion size being too small. I disagree. It's just enough food that you leave full and not stuffed.Cute place, great service. Just wish they delivered.
5	We had to-go again, Pipeapple Fried Rice and Pad See Ew with Tofu, love everything about this place.
4	Small location in strip mall. Prices quite reasonable. Ample quantities. Red curry was tasty but sauce seemed like it had separated. Good balance of meat to vegetable ratio. Crispy Thai rolls were served in sauce and greens set in a cocktail glass. Some other nice touches like complimentary veggie roll with meal. Looking forward to next visit.
5	Great food, service was perfect, and very clean! Loved the green curry and the pad see ew! Portions are generous!
5	Stayed open late for us. Reasonable prices. Good selection. Offered more than expected (complimentary rice chips and salad). Delicious food. Courteous service. Cozy atmosphere. A true gem. We'll be coming back :)
5	I am so excited to be here because it's yummy!!I ordered the crispy root appetizer and it was very good and nicely presentedDrunken noodles were so good and looked beautiful!Excellent service!
3	This was my first experience eating at this Resteraunt. I was kind of pleased by the ambiance once I sat down, but thinking I was in just another 'hole in the wall' Thai restaurant when I walked in. We were first served rice chips and a small salad in a glass bowl that was very pleasant. Our food did take a while, but there is a clear warning posted when you sit down. The menu was smaller than I anticipated and the prices a little higher than I was expecting. I ordered the teriyaki chicken. I have had this dish many many many times all over the country. The presentation was better than average. My impression was, you could definitely do worse. The chicken was somewhat dry and crispy, but not too bad. The teriyaki sauce was a bit much on the salty side. I would like to come here again to try another dish, but I would not order the teriyaki chicken dish again.
5	This was the first time I've tried this place. I hardly EVER order food to go because I think something gets lost after your food sits in a takeout container. But tonight, that's what we had time for. I have to say - DELICIOUS!!! We had Drunken Noodles, medium with chicken and Pad See Ew, medium with chicken. The flavors were wonderful, vegetables were fresh and cooked to an excellent doneness. My medium spice was pretty hot! But I quite enjoyed it as it wasn't overpowering and I don't think flavor was lost for the sake of heat. The girl who took our order was so friendly! When I went in to pick up our food, we had a chat and found out we had some things in common; just in a few minutes! I can't wait to try this place again. I'd really like to see what their curry dishes have to offer. Very tasty, great flavor and quality. Large portions, too! Boyfriend and I are both stuffed and will each have leftovers for lunch! :-) Try this place!
