4	Welcome to the sweet scene, Novel Sweets! My husband and I had the pleasure of trying a tasty treat from this new shop located in the 7th Street Market, Uptown. They sell vegan cupcakes! Hooray! Granted, I'm not vegan...but I do love cupcakes with no animal products in them. You may be thinking, who would want to eat a vegan cupcake? Well, you do and you should. The cupcakes here are moist with a terrific balance of sweet. I got the Dante's Inferno and the hubs ordered the Romeo. Dante's Inferno had a combo of Chipotle, cherry, and chocolate. The Romeo is pure chocolate. At $3.75 each, it's a great way to support a local baker putting thought for the special dietary conscious.
5	**No longer has their own booth at 7th Street Market, but their treats are still available at the Assorted Table Wine Shop and Eco-Licious per their website**Definitely as good as it gets. Every time we try a new flavor, we think we have discovered a new favorite. i am currently partial to the mint, however, the peanut butter chocolate is still close to the top spot. Wife is currently in love with the carrot cake. While the vegan cupcakes at Common Market are large and can satisfy the sweet craving, Novel Sweets cupcakes are where it's at. Moist, flavorful and delicious. You shouldn't leave 7th Street Market without trying one...then getting one more for later.
4	You'd never even know these were vegan cupcakes. Seriously. However the owner is making such decadent, moist, and well-structured cupcakes is pure magic. She puts plenty of love into her recipes and even tries some daring varieties. We had the one with pretzels in top (I can't remember the name, but it was awesome), the one with peaches in the middle was equally awesome. Apparently, I haven't done a good job of remembering the names, but the cupcakes are great. The shop is towards Meat & Fish Co at the back of the market. You'll have a great time chatting with the owner. She's very nice and gives you plenty of background on her product. Good stuff!
5	These cupcakes were delicious and best of all vegan! The owner was very nice too! I highly recommend you try this if you want something sweet!
