3	Morningside is an area with an above average age.  Add to this the fact that older generations tend to frequent libraries more than younger ones and you start to get a picture of what this library is like - the World War II section is one of the most comprehensive for starters.That said, if you do belong to the two extremes of the age groups or have a young child this is a good set up for you.  There is a large print section, massive audio book section (generally tapes) and a good range of children's books including some for sale at 10p each.  If you aren't of these age ranges this isn't particularly set up for you, although there are books of interest.It's rarely quiet here and if you want to come out for a quick visit you will be welcomed in, but beware of the predominant age groups if you are one of those people who feels easily out of place.
3	As far as libraries go there's not a lot wrong with Morningside library. It has books, and lots of them. It also has telephone directories, audiobooks, internet access and newspapers. Everything really. It even has a massive separate room for children's books, which is great, because let's be fair, children are irritating at the best of times, never mind in a library. Add this to its opulent setting (the ceiling above the main desk is magnificent), with its original pillars and cornicing and you've got the makings of something great.Why only 3 stars then, you cry? I just felt the whole place felt drab, tired if you will. The carpet looks like an enormous piece of baize, and the tables and chairs are old. A little makeover (and it wouldn't take much) and this would be a truly resplendent place to get your literature fix.
2	I'm so far not impressed.  I mean, sure the ceilings are high but that's kind of where the positives end.First of all, it's quite small.  For a library servicing such a large area, I would have expected a *much* larger space.  Most importantly though, not all of the book cases are labelled so I wandered around trying to find a specific genre of books and eventually had to ask a member of staff.  Beyond this, the staff member who helped me was unable to read the system well enough to see that the book I was looking for had been reserved (I found this out when I looked for myself) and spent a good 15 minutes wandering around trying to find it.  Sure, it was nice that she looked but as a staff member surely she should know how to read the system?So, I left underwhelmed.  I know people don't use the library as much as they used to but maybe they would use it more if it didn't have such a tired and uncared-for feeling to it?
