4	Dear Burrito Bandito, I miss you terribly! I know, I took you for granted during all of those quick dinners before class. I'm sorry! Had I only known that your food surpasses the best that San Francisco has to offer I would have visited a few more times before leaving. Your carne asada tacos were so good, and so affordable. And the El Patron burrito, which could feed a family of 4, was outstanding. I hope to see you again someday!
4	Burrito Bandito looks like a burrito place. It has all the trappings of a Mexican eatery; kitschy art depicting a man in a sombrero, horchata on tap, the sound of sizzling meat in the background.They even have a menu posted on the wall that tells you all the various burritos it makes.But Burrito Bandito is not a Mexican eatery.It's a giant middle finger made of drywall.Sure, the sign says "Home of the Baby Bandito" but what it really means is "Fuck you, Taco Bell across the parking lot. Fuck you and your blatant mockery of our culture's food. Fuck you and your 99 cent hamburger helper burritos. We will not stand for this assfuckery. We will make real Mexican food. You know, the kind where you have to roll your r's just to pronounce it. We'll serve it in a low key yet reasonably aesthetically pleasing dining room of unsanded wooden tables and metal chairs. And charge our patrons an understandably larger price for our food because it's homemade which is totally opposite of your food."At first you might be put off.You'll be saying "Whoa, Burrito Bandito. What's the deal? What's with the 'tude?"And then you, on the suggestion of someone who knows best, order a plate of baby banditos.One taste of those perfectly tiny chimichangas smothered in jalapeno cream cheese dip and you'll be in the know, man.You'll know the score.And before you know it you're ordering off the menu with reckless abandon.Fuck you, GI tract, you'll say.I want Huevos Rancheros with the hottest salsa they have...at 3 in the afternoon. I want an El Patron burrito with a side order of baby banditos.Give me the carna asada tacos, and you know what, screw the Mexican rice. Give me a double order of refried beans, baby. And you better believe I want sour cream in my burrito.I want the guy in the cubicle next to me to suffer.And when some jabroni walks in, looks at both BB menu and the "Faty Daddy" menu (that's how insane Burrito Bandito is. It's two restaurants in one. It's got split personalities) and asks aloud "Hmmmm, do I want a burger?"You'll think to yourself "No, you don't want a fucking burger. If you did you would've gone to McDonald's or Jack in the Box."And then you'll realize that you said it out loud. But you won't care. He ain't going to start shit.That El Patron burrito you're eating could choke a donkey. There's no way this candyass is going to mouth off to you when you are so obviously reeking of badassery.In closing, Burrito Bandito is a loose-cannon burrito shop that doesn't play by the rules.I'll take "Awesome Campaign Slogan Ideas Not Tried Yet" For 500, Alex.
2	I wasn't really impressed with this place at all.  On the positive side their medium salsa was quite good, but they just give you a squirt bottle when you get your food (i.e. don't expect to get complimentary chips and salsa).  My lunch was the chicken taco and green tamale combo.  The tamale was nearly petrified, in fact I had to cut it half way in order to remove it from the corn husk it had grown glued to over, oh I don't know, a week??  The chicken in the taco seemed to suffer the same petrification process.  The rice and beans weren't bad.
3	I have been eating here for years only to eat one thing. BABY BANDITOS. They are like little chimichangas filled with cheese and they give you this jalapeno cream cheese sauce that's to die for. I wouldn't recommend anything else on the menu unless you don't mind having a meal that is just ok. The taco's are nothing special and the beans are bland. I love me some good beans!
2	This was almost a one star review... I really enjoy the food burrito Bandito creates and I'm craving one right now! This happened a while back but the experience was so hilarious I must tell what ensued. I go in to order 2 breakfast burritos, one with chorizo and egg, the other with bean, egg and cheese. It's only 10am and they tell me that they haven't made any chorizo, the cook got a late start. OK I can work with you... make the chorizo burrito with bacon instead. OK. I wait and wait. The burritos finally come out. They are in the bag and the girl asks me if I want salsa... I say yes but she just ignores me and hands me the bag. I tell her again that I want salsa and she then gives me 2 cups. I drive all the way to work where my coworker is meeting me in the parking lot. I open a burrito since it isn't marked and see that there is ham in it. For some reason neither I nor my coworker enjoy ham though we love our bacon. I was aggravated. They didn't have chorizo at 10 am when they open at 6 am, and they mess up a simple order. I get the girl on the phone. ME: "Hi. I was just in there, remember? I wanted the chorizo breakfast burrito, but the cook hadn't made it so I ordered one with bacon instead? Well, I understand people come in late, have a bad day, so I was willing and happy with changing my order to bacon, but it STILL got messed up. And that I am not happy with." Socially Retarded Girl: "Well I wasn't in the kitchen, I didn't make it." ME: (aghast but still trying to be polite) "Yes. I know. But the fact remains that the order was still messed up." (Now I expect her to apologize, get a manager... comp me SOMETHING!) Socially Retarded Girl: (She honestly says to me...) "SO? What do you want me to do about it?" ME: (This is where I effing LOSE it because I can't believe that she couldn't put herself in the place of an unhappy customer and just be nice, I was.) "WELL? WHAT DO YOU NORMALLY DO WHEN YOU MESS UP SOMEONES ORDER?" Socially Retarded Girl: "I have no idea." Me: "Well then how 'bout you give the phone to someone who does!" I am completely stunned at the way she talked to me. I mean, this was a simple "I'm sorry, let me get my manager, let me comp you one." Guy/Manager "I'm so sorry about this. The mess up and the way she talked to you. Let me give you $10 store credit." Done. I'm happy. I use it on BB $1.29 Mondays for tacos and burritos. MMM I could go for some right now.
3	Sadly this Burrito Bandito is gone. I drove by the other day and there is a notice on the door saying they have repossessed the suite and everything inside for non payment. That doesnt sound good to me. Im not sure if the one on 19th ave is the same people but im going there today to check it out. I hope I can still get my tamale's this holiday season I really love those.
