5	It took me a little time to find a place where they buy silver (not just gold). I found it here. In a very safe area near Montford. Nice building. Free water. Quick quotes. I think they buy most monetary thing of value. Silver, gold, coins etc. Check em out if you have a ton of scrap silver like I did!
5	We received courteous, prompt service.  Best of all, we given an very fair quote on the items we had appraised.  The facility is pleasant and appears to be quite safe.We highly recommend that you consider a quote from Cascade among the others you obtain in order to determine the quality of their offering.
1	This company has no compassion and is only interested in making money.  We tried to buy back (within 1 business day), some heirloom jewelry after we found out it had been sold.  They were unwilling to work with us and very rude to my husband.  Even if they weren't "legally" obligated to sell it back, couldn't they have made an exception under the circumstances.  Companies that don't care about anything but making money and not helping someone under unusual circumstances surely don't care about the consumer and definitely don't care if they do the right thing.  They are in business only to make quick money and don't care about anything else.  I hope and pray that they personally never have to go through anything like this.We offered to give them $1000 for their 1 day trouble but they wouldn't accept it and told us we would need to pay them $4000 over what they gave for the heirloom rings.  After my husband went over there to look at it and give them the $4000, he was told ok and then the guy changed his mind and told him to come back at 3 that afternoon.  My husband was very upset and left and asked them to please not do anything until we could come back.  Then I received a nasty email telling me not to contact them again.  Very upsetting all the way around!!
3	For the quality that I brought to them they could treat me better i continue to ask the same questions over again to any business that seems like they are hiding something. It feels like little answers were given to basic questions. They also say the middleman is removed but that again is what they are. They are now the middleman. Just make sure the girl answers your questions like a professional would
