4	Our employer recently decided to have a rotating selection of food trucks come every Friday, which is a decision I heartily support.  Today was Sweet Magnolia, and I had to try their special: Sunny Side Up - brisket on a bun, with a fried egg on top + a side of coleslaw and mac & cheese ($10).  Decent amount of food and the flavor was good for everything, although the brisket did seem a little over-cooked.  The sauce was good, their homemade coleslaw was just right (I hate it when it's too sweet) and the mac & cheese was decent.  Seems to be a newer, smaller operation than some, but the service was great and the seemed to have a nice selection of choices.  If they come back I'll be trying their ribs for sure, definitely worth checking them out!
5	Best BBQ I have ever had... Doesn't matter what you order it's unbelievable. The service was top notch, and they are willing to ship to different states. Do not miss out on a chance to have Az's best BBQ...
5	I just had the chicken breast BBQ and sweet potatoes. Wow! That sauce whas fantastic. The sweet potatoes matched the BBQ for flavor and I didn't think that could be possible. I think this might be the best BBQ in the valley and I've lived here 20 years.
1	I was looking forward to this truck last night at Four Peaks Tasting Room, and what a let down.My wife and buddy liked their dishes, but I seemed to have rotten luck. I ordered a while after they did to see if they liked their food, and I guess that was mistake #1. After I ordered (smoked chicken breast combo, mac and cheese, cornbread for a bit excessive $11 including tax), it took more than 20 minutes to get my food. I know for a fact that other people ordering after me got food before me, because the number they received to identify them was higher than mine. I was close to going back out to the truck and asking for my money back.Then the food came and they had run out of Mac and cheese, and just gave me sweet potatoes. I think he was trying to sneak it by me because I had to say that I didn't order that. He said they ran out and asked if I wanted something else, so I ordered the baked beans. They also ran out of corn bread so I got a store bought roll. The chicken was hard as a rock, clearly overdone. So for just about $11, the only thing I got that I got that I actually ordered was dry chicken and it took 20 minutes to get it. Pathetic. I could have gone around the corner and gotten a huge slice of pizza, wings and a soda for half the price.
4	Tried these guys at the Caravan in Scottsdale and they delivered some decent BBQ, but not enough brisket was present in the dish I ordered. I wanted the brisket burrito, but out of tortillas, so that turned into a burrito Bowl with lots of white rice, baked beans, chopped brisket and solid chopped coleslaw on top of everything. They did not include any BBQ sauce, but luckily I went up and got some warm sauce which was a perfect smoky flavor. The brisket was excellent too, but I just wish they would have dumped some more on there for 8 bucks. I gather that if I had ordered the sandwich, I would have gotten more meat, but next time. I'm glad I tried the slaw and overall the brisket I did get was fork tender and well cooked. Hey, this trailer has smokers inside so you know they are doing it right.
