4	Fired Pie is a fast/casual sort of build your own salad or pizza kind of place that also features a suggested menu in case you don't feel like making decisions. I've been to another one of the eight Fired Pie locations and had the pizza before and do prefer the salads from Fired Pie over the pizzas but that is just my preference and not necessarily yours.I picked the Field Greens with Roasted Vegetables Salad. I soon received a nice big fresh salad with lots of vegetables. I particularly liked the roasted peppers and sun-dried tomatoes in my salad, they were cold but still tasty.My husband had the Steak and Blue Salad. He said it was pretty good but would have liked it better if they warmed up the meat in his salad. Oddly a meatball was found in his salad. Well I guess it was a free bonus like a prize in Cracker Jack because he ate it and we weren't charged extra for the cold meatball.This place is brand new and the people working there have to read instructions on how to make the salads so bear with them.At the time of this review 10-26-14 There is nothing better to eat at Tanger Outlets unless you want to eat the sandwiches next door from that popular chain that carries spongy chicken and soft fluffy fresh baked YOGA MAT bread.  So you have to grab your bite at Fired Pie.3.5 Stars
2	The pizza here is very thin not a Neapolitan style but they use very thin skins.  I think the price is kind of high they must have killer markup. The pizza took 5 minutes to cook which is way too long considering a regular PH or PJ pizza takes 8 minutes. The bottom was only slightly brown nor browned cheese so the oven must be around 425 or so, they need to crank the over to 575 or higher. The problem running that long is that the center of the pizza was doughy and slimy. This to me is not a good concept, being in the outlet mall they may not survive the off season.
3	Everytime I have come here the service is just okay! The employees seem like they could care less about being there! And the manager gives everone some pretty dirty looks and just sits around doing nothing!  And the pizza is not amazing its okay, over all its cool you get to build your own pizza but to be honest I don't really recommend this place to anyone looking to get pizza....
4	If you like thin crust  pizza then fired pizza is for you, pretty good pizza no wings;/  it can get pretty packed.
4	I am a fan of Fired Pie and this store is a nice addition to the Tanger outlet area considering there is not really anything in the way of actual eateries there beyond snacks. The store is new, the staff is new so give it a chance. I love the concept of building my own salads and pizzas just like at Chipotle or Subway. Looking forward to going back! Pizzas were very good though and the roasted veggie salad was a perfect blend. Looking forward to improvements on the comfort level of the staff with the product and the place will be great!
5	Build your own pizza while watching them do it in front of you.- Very  in expensive- great quality- very generous with the toppings- pizza was ready in almost 5 minutesDefinitely recommend for anyone that likes pizza.
