5	I made an appointment with Jeannie for a Shellac manicure.  Shellac is awesome but there is a very limited number of colors available.  Jeannie recommended that I go with Gelish instead.  It is the same type of system as Shellac but there are many more colors to choose from.  Jeannie is very friendly and does a wonderful job on nails.  My nails look fantastic!! I already made my two week appointment for my next Gelish removal and application!!  Check out her website if you've never been her customer before as she has some wonderful specials for first time customers!!
5	Jeannie is absolutely wonderful! I have been going to her for about 4 years now. I get some sugaring done and have had some facials and pedicures, too. She's really personable and makes you feel really welcome. I totally recommend her.
5	I've been coming here for about a year after going to the bargain, no appointment necessary places since moving to AZ ten years ago.  What a pleasure to have a professional again.  She loves her job and is proud of her work and it shows.  A REAL bargain.She knows her clients and her products....
3	This review is for Krista, not Jeanine.  I had a groupon for a regular manicure which I upgraded to a shellac/gelish for only $5 more. I was disappointed that she didn't soak my nails, clean them or push back my cuticles which I've had done at every manicure I've ever had done.  I think it was worth $9 but not worth the full price. One of my nails has already chipped. Wtf?
1	I'm updating this to a 1 instead of a 3 because in the two weeks since I got my nails done, they chipped and peeled significantly and I went and got them redone elsewhere.I would also like to state that Jeannie commented on here that she would give me a gift certificate to come back and get my nails done and after I messaged her I never heard back from her.
4	I learned about Spatini from AZ Spa Girls and loved the $20 gel special. Jeannie told me that is ongoing with $5 for polish removal. Such a good deal. She didn't even charge extra for the French gel manicure. I was thrilled to have the option to book online and was able to make an appointment for the same day. Jeannie did a great job on my nails, and I was out in 30 minutes. The next day, I noticed some very small bubbles on the white tips of some of my nails. That bothered me a little but thankfully, I didn't detect a change in the texture due to it. Overall, I was very happy with my manicure. A week and a half later, they still look good...
5	I went to Spatini for the first time this weekend.  Jeannie is awesome and did an AMAZING job on my nails as well as my friend's.  She likes to experiment and do different designs and both of ours looked great!!!  Her prices are WAY reasonable too!  Will definitely be going back!
5	I love Jeannie & Spatini!!  I have been going to Spatini for a year and a half now and Jeannie is the best gel manicurist around!  She is licensed to teach other people how to do Gelish manicures so she really is the best of the best.  She has tons of colors and is always getting new ones.  She is open to doing fun designs all for a very low price!  Once you go to Spatini you will never want to go anywhere else!  She is by appointment only but she has an online booking option that is super easy and convenient.  My latest "matte" manicure may just be my favorite one yet... good luck topping this one Jeannie! :)
5	Finally!  A day off! Called Krista at Spatini and she had an opening! I got a Gelish manicure/pedicure. My first experience with Shellac/Gelish.Oh my goodness, I LOVE my manicure! and the pedicure is great but I LOVE the manicure! She questioned why I wanted shellac on my toes (do people not usually do gel pedicures?...), but proceeded to do it anyway and not talk me out of it so. Their prices are really good. Hopefully it lasts a while!Go.
5	I went to Spatini today for a quick pedi and gelish mani and there is no doubt I will be back! Jeannie was right on time and did an awesome job on my hands and toes. She was so sweet and an expert is gel manicures. I can't wait to try a new design in a few weeks! I have already told my mom and sister that they must make appointments ASAP. Thank you Jeannie!
5	I came here for the first time with a deal of the day, don't remember which one, I had a really great experience with Krista.  I am now a regular and I love how easy it is to either book online or call/text Krista and get an appointment.  They have the best prices for shellac/gelish manicures.  I wash my hands constantly and this is the only kind of manicure that will last more than three days.  I actually get bored of having the same for so long, which is a great thing.
5	Ok so my last gel manicure..Lasted about 15 days before I took it off. I've since had another that was also great! I think I got sick of it at day 13. It was a darker color and had started growing out significantly, but still was hanging on strong!
5	I often forget about Spatini but don't know why because it is the best deal in town for a gel manicure. Because I am so last minute, I will check the schedule online and book within the same day or next. Case in point, today I decided I absolutely needed a manicure for my ragged nails. There was an open slot for 4:15, so I took it. What I love about Jeannie is how fast she is! I had her do a french mani today and I was in and out in a half hour. Note that I did not have any polish on so no soaking or removal involved. Her prices are so good for manis! $20 for a gel manicure and an extra $5 for removal. The asian spot by my job charges $35 for a gel french mani and they tear up my cuticles like crazy. Not Jeannie, she does a fantastic job.
2	This review is for Krista. I got a groupon for a gel manicure by Krista for $17. I was excited because she told me she wouldn't charge me extra for French. However she should NOT even offer French as an option because she does not do it well. She did not file my nails down to make them all even, then she tried to use the white polish only where the nail extends past the bed. I tried to point out when I thought the white polish was uneven/ too thin/ too thick - she would try to fix it but fought me about one of my thumbs. She also only applied the polish and didn't initially attempt to even it out with a brush, until I specifically asked her to. She also didn't soak or clean my nails before the manicure, which I found disappointing. She is a very sweet lady, but I was not satisfied with my manicure. I'm sure her non-French manicures are better, but I would not recommend getting a French from her in the future.
5	I was a cronic nail biter for, oh...about 35 years, and then my sister told me about the new gel nail polish.  Tried several places around town from a spa in a fitness center to    Beauty Brands, and an Asian place or two.  The one place even used the drill to take off the Shellac and completely ruined my nails.I tried out Spatini over a year ago with the owner, Jeannie, and now I actually have to get my nails cut down!!!  Her suggestion to use Gelish has made it possible to get my nails to grow and not be constantly splitting and peeling because they were so weak before.Jeannie is such a kind person and takes pride in her work.  Definately knows her s@#*!  This week I have gotten 6 compliments on the fun neon tips she did for me!!  I love "em.Best of all she is on time, quick, and talented.
5	Jeannine gave me a lovely manicure today.  She is skilled and very pleasant.  The spa was very clean.  I recommend Spatini to anyone desiring spa treatments.
4	Good prices and the gel polish lasts a long time
5	The word is out. Nail design is an art. Tucked into a lovely corner of northern Scottsdale is a refined nail salon, that takes clients by appointment only. Marisa S. had shown me her artistically done nails a few times before, but never revealed her secrets. Finally I begged. She caved. Today I had the distinct pleasure of having a mani shellac/gel done by Krista. Turns out my wonder darling hails from back east. Long Island! Woot!  I had flipped thru Nail Art magazines and poured through Instagram feeds seeking inspiration. (How often can you get $25 gels that *include* art?) I had bumkis. Krista was very patient with me. I was awed by the copious number of base colors available. If I were to die 11,000 years from now, I'd never finish going thru the colors. (Let's just say they have more than 15 colors.) As I offered my numby little fingers to Krista and little to no inspiration, she found creativity for me. I pointed at something shiny and she created an ombre of sorts. The base coat was a very striking silver. Layered and blended on top, was a black. I'm sorry my photo came out the way it did. (It's hard to take a picture of your own hand!)I {heart} my manicure. My biggest challenge will be waiting two weeks for a color change. You can book appointments online (or call if you'd like). The website is spatini.biz. Note! It's smartphone friendly! Appointment windows range into the late evening which is wonderful.  This is an adorable place that also offers pedicures. Looking at their menu of services I'm eager to try some of their advanced nail art. "Flat or 3D" along with Glitter! Shh! Don't tell everyone!
5	Jeannie is fantastic and ever since my first gel manicure with her over a year ago I've gone back every three weeks like clock work... even when I was out of work! Because she's so good!
5	Jeannie is the best. One of my favorite gel products is CND. Her application and skill is second to none. She's a highly skilled nail artist and keeps up to date on all the new nail trends. Love her!
1	I purchased a Groupon deal for a gel manicure with Krista Scala. I called to schedule an appointment, no one answered so I left a voicemail. I then successfully scheduled an appointment via Schedulicity. The next day I received an email from Schedulicity informing me that my appointment had been cancelled by Spatini, no phone call or explanation given. I called the salon again to find out why my appointment was cancelled; no answer. I then called Krista directly and left a voicemail. Instead of calling me back directly, she texted me (not very professional, in my opinion). During our text message exchange, Krista made it quite apparent that she had no interest in servicing me and even went as far as to recommend that I get a refund for my Groupon. Despite my confirming that I simply needed a gel manicure, she refused to further respond to my messages and phone calls. I called the salon several more times with no luck. I finally cancelled my appointment and received a refund from Groupon. I will never attempt to do business with Spatini again. I now understand why they are offering Groupons for services. Not impressed!
5	Krista is seriously a nail artist! I love how I can tell her a completely random nail design and she can replicate just what I was wanting if not even better! I always get many many compliments after my manicures! But most importantly I am always thrilled at the work she does and enjoy it myself! She is also very patient which is essential to a fabulous manicure! Krista, thank you!
5	Krista is amazing! I've even going to get for almost 2 years and she never disappoints! If you want a simple shellac she's game but if you want a design she goes all out! I have brought her several referrals and they all love her. I highly recommend her!
5	Jeannie is the best.   I have the worst nails ever.  She makes be look beautiful every time. . She is patient and listens to my requests.   I appreciate how she works with me.  I highly recommend Spatini-visit this salon!
