5	Went here 4/11/14 for a jazz show. Great location/nice showroom/plenty of parking/great crowd/good service and wow what a good show.   Drinks were reasonable and we'll poured.  We will definitely be back.
5	Went on Sunday night for jazz and blues open mic night. Saw several singers and a impressionist. All were great. You never know who will show up. We saw Phil Flowers, and Queen Aries, so entertaining. The desserts were the bomb. Homemade banana bread topped with ice cream, Hugh portions. Can't wait to go to a other venue.
5	Owner Ron Decar has brought live entertainment back to Las Vegas at Viva Las Vegas Event Center. My favorite show is "Swinging Sundays" featuring a professional open mic. The band shines with pianist Jeanne Bullet, a talented and beautiful musician, singer, and even dances on occasion. Last Sundays show included Queen Aires and Phil Flowers. The first Friday of every month features a great Big Band Orchestra. Arrive an hour early and you receive free ballroom dance lessons from a professional instructor. Dancing is encouraged at this and every event. Other nights include Pam E. Williams, Central Avenue, Toscha Comeaux, Bill Fayne, and many others. The prices are low, excellent food, great service (you will feel a member of the family), excellent venue and great performers.Note - I am not an employee of Viva Las Vegas Event Center nor a close friend of anyone associated with this venue. I first came to Las Vegas in the early 1960's and really enjoyed the live music featured at almost every major casino. Lounge acts abounded provided great entertainment for little more than the cost of a drink. The major shows featured top performers and amazing bands. Yes there is a smattering of live music in other areas of Las Vegas but for the most part show music is recorded. Today you can drive many mile and catch an occasional live show but at Viva Las Vegas Event Center you can catch a premium show multiple times every week.
5	This was the exact place we have been searching for!!! My boyfriend and I are always talking about a nice jazz spot to dance and enjoy ourselves rather than being shoulder to shoulder with people in a club. We love old school music. Jazz, neosoul, r&b. Live music brings you back to life, keeps you young and lifts the spirit high.  Its location is like night and day from being inside to out. Youd easily drive by not knowing how beautiful it is inside. Extremely elegant setting & dress attire, up most respectful, friendly, & courteous staff, wonderful singers, performers & musicians. Very appropriate for all ages. To be able to have dinner, drinks, & listen to jazz at the same time was perfection for us. We ordered a bottle of the house merlot, which for the first time ever in my life that I've ordered red wine did the waitress asked up if we would like it chilled bc normally red wine is served room temp. For us that was the perfect question bc we definitely prefer it a little icy! That was the first highlight of the night. We both ordered black eyed peas & cornbread( cb was a bit dry so I crumbled it right in the peas delish), then I also ordered the salad without cheese which was a decent size and lots of healthy toppings, he ordered catfish sliders & enjoyed those as well. We realllly wanted to try the collard green egg rolls but they had bacon in them & we don't eat pork :-( Definetly getting some dessert next time, couldn't fit it in my belly this time but I had my eye out for the peach cobbler. Nothing like good ol soul food  So being a chef myself, the second highlight of my evening was meeting the chef, as she came over to each and every table to introduce herself and ask how the food was. Thats very rare to happen when your out eating & I personally love that gesture. Now another plus for the main singer Pam E Williams was she also incorporated audience and child participation into her show, & continuously introduced the members of her band to share the credit of the show. And even another plus, the host of the evening was the owner Ron Decar, who did a wonderful job. The whole evening me n tezzy were grooving,  snapping, clapping, tapping or feet, bopping our heads & having pretty much an evening of perfection. Bathrooma were xlean, lots of parking available,  & very reasonable pricing for everything. I got free tickets from showtickets4locals.com which I am very glad bc I never knew this place existed.  We definitely are returning and apreading the word to friends. Nothing but smiles, full bellys, & lots of sexy time there & after ;-) Winos
5	I've come here the past two Fridays to check out the live music, as my wife was one of the guest performers during the show.  The sound was acoustically very good, although occasionally a little loud.  I was impressed with how nice and elegant the place really is.  There is an "Old Las Vegas" feel to it with a nice blend of some modern amenities.  I've tried a couple of the appetizers and an entree from the menu.  The food was great!  The staff was very friendly.  I look forward to coming back, and seeing more acts.
5	We went tonight for the Swinging Sunday Jazz and open mic night.  This is a great place ...like Vegas in the 80's but updated...live music, great performers. The entertainment is wonderful....so many singers/musicians showed up....really top notch talent.  The house band, singer, and singer/owner also were great.  All the performers seemed to so enjoy themselves as did the audience....very nice venue...not really any bad tables.Food/drinks are very reasonably priced and good!They also have a varied lineup of shows....something for everyone.  This is definitely a place locals should support.  We plan to go back next weekend.
5	Live Music is phenomenal, ask for a purple Martini, yummy! You need to come on down. Gonna have some Southern peach cobbler w/ice cream later. SSooooo glad I'm here. Hope you can get here...you won't be disappointed. I WILL Be Back!!
5	Time Machine found!    I had no idea what to expect.  Located behind the Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel      (...    I Know right?!    I didn't know anything was there either) What a lovely place.   Greeted at the door by the owner (wearing a tux) leads you to either your table in the dining room (all with great views of the stage)   or a bar that seems to have been ripped from a five star hotel on the 40's.   Not that I'm anywhere near old enough to really know anything about that.   Now Im a guy who likes to dress up to go out...    wearing a jacket and usually looking overdressed.  Well...   dress up...this is the place where that works.    I'm sure that has to do with the clientele...       it's local Las Vegas of, shall I say, a certain age.    Well who cares...   the venue designs its entertainment offerings as well as the menu...   that's right...    menu....   Its a full restaurant and bar with good service while you enjoy the show.   Listen...   this place is just something that, at my age, I hoped still existed in a city like Las Vegas.    Actually, correct me if I'm wrong yelpers, but I don't think any place here has a product like this one.    I mean they still do a true big band night and move out some of the tables to make room for a dance floor...   that actually gets used.   Another thing...   get there early and buy tickets for the shows you want to see...  because on the two occasions I was there...   it was standing room only.    The place feels like it holds about 250 people...    Every seat taken.   Well Done Guys Well Done.Please know that I did not try the food....   I was the guy at the bar trying my best to look like Dean Martin with a drink in my hand...   I know I know....     a little pathetic Next time I go I'll review the food.
4	THANK YOU for an amazing performance on Sunday. I went with a friend & even though the show ran over, no complaints, we could have stayed even longer. A variety of singers from shows around the city & each one was really really good (would have said amazing but used that word already). Some were so energetic, others with just powerful, smooth voices. It's not a huge production show like Celine, Britney, Shania, etc, but I think I enjoyed this as much as I did Shania's show. This is REAL & live - no possibilities of lip-synch. Some of these ladies have even better voices than many of the radio songs, just never reached that fame. The camaraderie between the singers is great - they were doing duets, and the end was just a big fun jamfest. We didn't try the food, southern soul food just doesn't offer much for the restrictions of a gluten-free vegan, but the Red Hat ladies in front of us seemed to be enjoying their shrimp & fries. Really this is the only reason I didn't give the 5th star for perfection. Even though I realize it's difficult, but maybe a larger salad than the old house salad (though that is mostly what was available in the era this is trying to recreate, or maybe have a gluten-free pasta option with the marinara)Get there early because the parking lot fills up quick, although there is parking in lot across the street & in the unpaved lot next door. The guy who directed us where to park was nice enough to drive over with a golf cart to pick us up since my friend is handicapped and walks with a cane. He also brought us back after the show. Forgot his name, but he is really sweet & also was helping out inside during the performance. I will definitely be bringing back other friends who will enjoy the old Tina, Etta, Nat, etc, etc, music. Try their Sunday Jazz, Rhythm & Blues. Enjoy the ambiance of old Vegas lounge shows. But please, do NOT take my seat because I will be back.
3	Well, last night was my first visit.  I begin by saying that I dressed up in evening/cocktail dress because one other review said it was the place to do that.  Well, last night it wasn't.  We were the only people there dressed nicely.  Everyone one else wore day clothes, extremely casual.  WHO WEARS SNEAKERS TO A NIGHTCLUB? really! I was disappointed.  So as for the show, I went there to see Michelle Johnson do her Ella tribute.  Unfortunately, she wasn't there due to a car accident.  So they improvised with various singers.  They were ok, but they weren't Michelle. I like the venue, it's a great idea in a great location. My one comment are the table cloths are very weird.  They have a thick embroidery that makes your drinks unstable.  The large tables have six legs which makes sitting without hitting one of them difficult and the chairs are covered and wrapped at the bottom so tight you have to keep your feet forward to be comfortable. So in other words, the decor is strange.  I'm old enough to remember the 70's and this is not from that time.  The stage however is, it's very nice and reminiscent of days gone by. The sounds was excellent and the food was good. Not sure how they can get away with letting children in a place that serves alcohol, but they do. Parents, It's not a place for kids.All in all it was a nice evening out.  I will try it again one day.
5	I came here last night for the first of their Carnegie series to benefit Golden Rainbow of Southern Nevada.  The series of three shows is recreating historic Carnegie Hall concerts.  Last night was a tribute to Ella Fitzgerald by doing many of the numbers she sang at the July 5, 1973 Newport Jazz Festival at Carnegie Hall concert.The place is really well done and a big addition to the live entertainment scene fairly close to the Arts District.  The owner, Ron Decar, owns the Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel next door and he bought and renovated this property to turn it into a banquet hall for weddings in his chapel or elsewhere and it's become an entertainment venue. It's a job well done.  The chairs are your standard banquet type--maybe not the most comfortable, but they're designed for a reception not necessarily for concerts.One corner of the room has been made into the stage area.  There's great lighting for doing various effects, and the sound system in the room was first class.  It really is a perfect venue for this kind of concert.Parking was easy in the lot.  It wasn't large enough for the full house that was there last night, but there was street parking.  The staff was excellent.  Drink prices are very reasonable.I'll be heading back  in October for the next in the series and I'll have dinner there.  The two ladies I sat with last night gave two thumbs up for the food.
5	I came here for the first time last night to see Michael Grimm. We were greeted by the owner at the door. I was surprised when we walked in how nicely it was nicely decorated like a retro supper club. The seating is well done, our waiter was nice & funny and made our night quite enjoyable. We truly enjoyed the delicious dinner the flavors were fabulous very southern style yummy! Only regret is that I didn't have room for dessert, but I will be back. We so enjoyed the show & the dinner very comfortable atmosphere!
4	My BF and I love this place.  Have probably been to 6-7 different performances over the past couple of months.  Can't really improve on the other reviews.  It's a great venue, affordable both in entry, food and drinks.  Haven't had much of the food, but what I have had has been very good.  We went to the big band performance Sat. afternoon and loved every minute of it.  They now have a buffet for that performance each Saturday, and now that we know that, we will definitely be having lunch there next time.  My only complaint is in the shows that feature singers, it is much too loud, and sometimes the songs seem distorted by it.  I told Ron DeCar one time that louder doesn't mean better (as most younger people think), and he promised to turn it down, but it's still too loud.  Most of the singers are very good, but there are a couple of the women who are screamers and its ear piercing (won't mention their names).  One review was correct in that the dress code was supposed to be "dressy old Vegas", and it has definitely gotten more casual.  BF and I still dress up, not in evening clothes, but in nice shirt/pants and/or dress.  And the tablecloths definitely need to be replaced.  They drag on the floor, and care must be taken when putting drink glasses on them.   But we love the venue, and will be going back again and again.
5	This was my first time at this event center and I was excited to see the Joni & Gina Wedding Show. It doesn't look like it, but there is ample parking in the back. When we arrived they looked at our tickets and escorted us to the "The Robin Roberts" table. Each table was organized by famous lesbians. I had never heard of Robin Roberts and the table next to us was Maria Bello (had no idea she was a lesbian) it was a cute idea. We went to the bar to grab a drink, and it was a little slow going and unorganized, but once we had our drinks we felt better. Show 'guests' such as the family of the brides were mingling around and socializing in character. It was very funny. Right away I loved the wedding planner/event coordinator & the both mothers of the bride. Soon after everyone walks outside & around the corner for the actual ceremony. We were escorted by Joni's family and they were great. They play the roles so effortlessly. There's has to be a fair amount of improv, because who knows what the non performers will say. I really like that aspect of the show. The ceremony is hilarious. I just love the actress that plays the master of ceremonies. She was excellent in SST's Arcenic and Old Lace. This is also where we finally meet the brides. I just adore Joni. She is great! Her personality really shines through. Excellent acting. After the ceremony they walk you back to the reception hall, we were lead by Gina's awkward and kind of inappropriate brother. The best thing about this is you get to deal with all the annoying people at a wedding, but without any of the personal attachment or embarrassment. Funny! Once back at the reception, there's a small buffet including salad, vegetable lasagna, Mac and cheese and sliced beef. I don't think anyone is going for the food, but it was definitely Ok. There's also a champagne toast and wedding cake. I thought the cake was pretty good, but I so rarely eat cake... It was definitely a treat. There is also a very nice cocktail waitress that will bring out more drinks. Very organized and she split up our drinks without us asking, so it was very easy to pay at the end. I liked the Alamos Malbec, but it was the only one I tried. My girlfriend really seemed to like the house specialty (vodka, peach schnapps and various other juice)Then the fun really starts... They encourage everyone to start dancing and even form a huge conga line. They really try to include everyone and get you dancing. This is definitely a show that you can have a lot of fun. I felt like all the actors did a great job staying in character and really bringing it. Kudos to everyone at my table for having fun & making the night that much better! The show is about three hours if you arrive on time and totally worth the price.
4	Live band playing some classy/jazzy Christmas tunes!?  Why yes I shall have some of that!  Ron Decar is a long time Vegas singer who purchased an old warehouse and turned it into this gem.  He is trying to bring back the big band productions that Vegas used to be famous for, and I'd say he's doing a great job.  They always have something going down on the weekends, as well as a buffet.  I would say that going to see the big band Christmas show will become a tradition for me.
5	This place absolutely rocks.World class talent awaits you. Music performed by the best you will find, not just from Las Vegas, but Broadway or anywhere else. I recommend the Bill Fayne and Friends shows. Bill Fayne is one of the best musical directors in the world and has a resume of Broadway, international and Las Vegas shows that is the envy of the industry. I challenge you to find a more accomplished musical director anywhere. He marshals incredible talent for these shows you must hear to believe along with new upcoming stars.Also playing now in residency is Micheal Grimm, winner of America's Got Talent who beat Jackie Evancho for the title!Yes it is right on Las Vegas Blvd about a mile north of the Stratosphere. It is tucked away on the side of the Viva Las Vegas Wedding chapel between Sahara and Charleston. Easy breeze y to find and park.Inside you will find a hidden treasure. It is a bit of retro-Vegas showroom but everything has been remodeled, is brand new and sparkling. You are greeted with elegance by people in Tuxedos. Not to worry, the vibe is very friendly (no attitude here) and relaxed.The show prices, a bargain by any standard, start around $15.  Food and drink are also well done and well priced.http://rondecarseventcenter.com/fayne-and-friends.html
