4	I live extremely close by :)I only come here when I'm stuck and forgot to buy something as the prices are a bit higher, yet still reasonable. I would pay the premium for the convenience.It is a unique grocery that is rarely seen in mtl, it has a very large selection of obscure and hard to find items. They do source from all around town and in the province... so instead of going all over town to find esoteric spices and ingredients come here. few examples they have spices from Jean-talon market, macarons from Point G, bread from the famous bakery in boucherville, the list goes on and on, lobster bisque in a can!!! yo hold up what?One time, I was looking for gelatin sheets, which they did not sell, but the staff went into the pastry kitchen and took out a few to sell to me, now if that's not service I don't know what is. this place is just cool, it's not big but it has everything from fresh produce to butchery, pastry, cheese and deli counter. Organic, gluten free you name it they have it. Come here if you're looking for higher quality ingredients or stuff that's a bit more artisanal... you'll find it, if not they can always find you something in the kitchens hahahait's a fine grocery store, for fussy items that you wouldn't find in a regular grocery, even the frozen food section is particular, they even have tourtiere du Lac St-Jean!!! try to find that at metro!!When I'm cooking for two and I want to impress I come here, there's always something that will make people talk... the meat is superb!! fresh thick bacon!!!they even have these degustations/classes (rsvp required) where you showcase something, my friend went to one and she liked it...All in all, very high quality and the convenience of having stuff from all over the place gathered here for you to pick out, cool no? would be 5 stars but high prices loses them one star :) finally our own little dean and deluca just like they have in NYC, but with local flair I like it very much...
5	This place offers such a grand variety of products : Grocery, Lunch, Dinner, Snack, etc. It's clean, nice looking and the staff is amazingly nice. I love the branding and what they did with this place. It's a little bit pricy, but worth it.Quality is the first word that comes in my mind when I think of Fou d'Ici.
4	A good looking grocer with an emphasis on specialty product and prepared meals and yummy baked goods for the downtown crowd. There are local products, though certainly not all local all the time as the name would suggest. The goods are pricey but as others have said, the staff are really lovely, the food made in house is very delicious, and the overall look and feel is kinda gorgeous. Primarily what's so great about this in my mind is that it adds options for grocery in an area that could be in danger of being one of those cold downtown wastelands between summer festival seasons. But instead, people actually live and experience art and life and buy their groceries in the area and that's a sign of a good health so I'm fou for Fou D'Ici.
4	Pricey gourmet/bio food emporium.  Some of the food sold here can be bought elsewhere at far better prices, the packaged and bottled/canned goods in particular.  The breads are higher priced than at other artisanal bakeries, though not perceptibly better, the meat section is for those with fat wallets, the produce looks lovely with prices to match. Good  for those who have the dosh, very conveniently located for the condo owners located all around there. I only ever bought two loaves of bread shortly after it opened and it set me back over $10.00, friends thought I was crackers! Maybe I should have just bought crackers instead.
4	Went the other day for their bison short ribs with roasted vegetables; my plan, gets me some grub, head to the mountain and have a great little picnic! A great little picnic it was, though the venue changed due to rain! The bison short-ribs were very tasty, reasonably priced (10$) and hit the spot perfectly!
4	Gourmet specialty store conveniently located in heart of Montreal, carries a varied range of cheeses, meats, deli, bakery, desserts, and more. One stop shop if you are hosting a party. Did I mention the cheeses and bakery?
4	The first few times I couldn't quite figure out Fou D'Ici. Is it a grocery store for imported goods? Is it an organic grocery store, a la Whole Foods? Eventually, I came to the conclusion that it's neither.  Instead, it's a posh high-end grocery store with only the gourmet food items.You find Ramen noodles or Kraft Macaroni and Cheese at Fou D'Ici, it just isn't that kind of a place.  However, if you if you are in the mood for some truffle infused something or matsutake paste, Fou D'Ici should be your first stop.Compared to a mega grocer like Super C or IGA, the Fou is small, but they seem to have all their bases covered.  You can find a decent selection of fresh fruits and vegetables, assorted cheeses, some canned and dried goods, a deli, a bakery, a selection of cooking utensils and a selection of bulk olives and pickled goods. I'm a big fan of their bakery. I also usually peruse their cheese selection and pick up some of their very nice deli meats.  Fou isn't where I do the bulk of my grocery shopping, but when I'm in the neighborhood or looking for something different or unique I swing in.  It's uncrowded and pleasant to spend time browsing their wares, unlike the big chains which can test my nerves and patience. Of course, the downside is that it'll cost you, the prices definitely reflect the gourmet and posh selection of goods.Sure it's not my corner grocery store where I go to get milk and eggs, it'd bankrupt me, but if I'm looking for something a bit more special Fou D'Ici is where I turn.
