4	This restaurant,  in a small shopping plaza, features the cuisine of both India and Nepal.  We shared traditional Nepalese entrees of chili chicken and meat momo as recommended by Max Jacobsen.  The waiter asked how spicy would we like our chili chicken - Indian spicy was my reply.  Wow - call the fire department - we are talking smoking hot!  Each order of meat momo order includes 9 momos (I love that word) which are steamed dumplings stuffed with ground turkey and vegetables.  We also ordered naan, 2 mango lassis (yogurt based beverages) and 2 desserts (khir and Lal Mohan). The former is basmati rice in milk with raisins and nuts and the latter is similar to or the same as Gulab Jamun, but a bit denser
3	Good restaurant with mediocre at best service and decor. The food was good, a mixure of Indian and Nepalese food. The curries were quite tasty and Naan was great. However, I was expecting more Nepalese and Himalayan food and less more traditional Indian food fare. However, all in all cuisine aspect of the place is definitely above average.Service was poor. We came in for an early dinner (around 5PM), and the place was empty. A few Nepalese gentleman (friends of the owner, I presume) were sitting together talking business and writing stuff on notepad right in front of the customers--not professional. That would have been okay, but to top it off, one of the managers, or possibly the owner was also serving the tables and was quite slow with water/drink refills and was very rude in questions about different, unfamiliar menu items. He even had a smirk on his face a couple of times. The tables were unimpressive and some of the booths were ripped in places and patched together with tape.Overall, for me to return to this place, I would have to make sure that the server/manager was not there that day and that it was busier so I do not have to see creepy business conversations. But, I may come back and recommend this place for unique and tasty food.
4	good food and a surprisingly sophisticated beer and wine menu.  have yet to have something there that wasn't delicious.  hit the lunch buffet for a nice selection of what they have to offer or order off the descriptive (and slightly humorously written) menu.  if you like it hot (and i mean HOT..this is one of the few places i have been to in a while that will make it hot enough for me) don't be afraid to say so...they will accommodate you.  however, if they suggest a heat level for a dish, my experiences there are to listen to them and enjoy the subtle nuances that too much spicy might cover...you can always ask for something spicy on the side if you want to heat it up.  be sure to check what the specials are...often unique and tasty.  good variety and a place that can accommodate your vegan and vegetarian friends, as well.head there for happy hour (can't remember the exact time) and enjoy the two for one beer prices.  they have a diverse selection from around the world, including some great belgian-style ales as well as a couple of organic brews.  or try the ginger energy tea....just the thing to pick you up.**edit 4/10/09....the place in under new management...wasn't happy w/ the food or service the last time i was there (hard to get them to make it hot nemore).  i know they have a different chef than when i gave my first review....will give it another shot, but it isn't the same place as it was***edit 6/1/09...went again last friday.  food was lackluster....not bad, but not at all what it was.  sad that the place that used to have awesome flavor and spice served me two bland entrees.  would drop it to two stars if it didn't have a decent price....and one of my friends did like one of the two things she got.****edit 12/15/10...THEY'RE BACK!!! very happy to say that the food has been really good the past couple of times i have been there. and the lunch buffet is still good and reasonably priced! thumbs up
2	Went to the lunch buffet here and everything was pretty forgettable.   I agree with everything Carly said...except for the cute waiter part.  No point in coming back here when there so many better Indian lunch buffets.
5	I enjoyed dinner here a lot - the service was outstanding with lots of suggestions and guidance. I ordered the mango chicken - "how spicy on a scale of 1 to 10...", asked our waiter, "...10 being a volcano and 1 being a babbling brook!" I ummm and then ordered 7. That was a modestly spicy curry with a sweet tang to it just as promised. The  stuffed paratha has some potato and peas, but not enough for my Indian colleague's liking ;).This place is also a hidden gem for beer. The beer menu is extensive, but there were also an additional 15 beers recently added! "Take a look before you choose", said our waiter as he pointed to the table with 20 beer bottles on. So I did. And came back with a pint bottle of Belgian lager. Very nice with my mango chicken.Try this place. I didn't try the buffet. All in all, the portions are good - my colleague and I shared the curry and rice and we had paratha each. I had a beer too and the bill was $38 incl tip. The decor isn't as nice as the Nepalese place in Pasadena, CA, but it's pleasant enough. Our taxi driver didn't know the name of this place but he'd seen it. But, considering Vegas isn't necessarily a place of culture it's no bad thing if Himalayan is a little obscure and off the beaten track.
5	I LOVE Indian food. It has by far surpassed Mexican food on my list of food I could eat daily.Unfortunately my boyfriend (who I spend the majority of my time with) does not feel the same. In fact, he specifically asks that we do not have Indian food when I am choosing the restaurant. So consider my complete elation when he suggested I look up an Indian food restaurant to go to while visiting Las Vegas. After looking online (not on Yelp, for some reason) I decided on Himalayan Cuisine.  And JESUS were we happy.1. They took reservations. I appreciate this because very few restaurants in Sacramento do.2. It is OFF the strip. Look, dining on the strip is typically expensive, annoying and tasteless, I was hoping that this place would be where the locals go - and it was.3. The food was fantastic. My boyfriend LOVED his dish, the waiter AND the owner both suggested fantastic wine and appetizers and my dish was spicy and delicious.4. The coconut dessert is absolute heaven. And I don't like coconut.5. The owner is AMAZING. Not only was he friendly and took his time recommending wine to us, he brought us out a sample of his favorite wine and even toasted with us. By the end of the evening we were inviting him to the Double Down for a drink. This place was absolutely wonderful. We left with full bellies, Lucky Beer and a special discount on our next bill (oh yes, we will be back).
5	Update: New decor. Bigger restaurant. Same fabulous beer menu. Same silly menu. But the name has changed and there's now a lunch buffet.Sadly, the new lunch buffet is almost all Indian food with little Himalayan or Nepalese. BUT....this is one of the best Indian restaurants in Vegas, and I'd even put it up there with some of the best Indian food in the San Francisco Bay Area.This ain't your typical greasy Indian buffet. The food is fresh and delicious. This is one of the best budget restaurants in town and my old review gave them 4 stars, but I'm adding another star for the new, beautiful decor.Old review: 1) Why go to a Himalayan restaurant and get Indian food?2) Maybe it's because this place has been under new ownership for about 9 months but at least half the menu is Nepalese/Himalayan food. Yes, there is Indian food on the menu. But I didn't eat any of it and you don't have to either unless you want to.3) there is no lunch buffet anymore.We had the Nepalese Sampler Platter (split one between two of us which was plenty of food for a not-heavy dinner) and it was wonderful! The only thing that looked even remotely Indian was the dessert.We had some kind of black eyed pea dhal-ish kind of thing that was a bit bland but still nourishing and tasty.A cucumber, potato, cilantro salad was one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten.The lamb was scrumptious. I'm not huge on chicken but it was pretty good.There was some kind of bamboo shoot salad that was oddly compelling. No clue what was in it.And the momo! Oh man it is ALL ABOUT the MOMO!! I could eat these tasty dumplings all day long.Phenomenal beer selection. Friendly owner. Great food.If you like spice, don't ask for 5. The 5 was really quite mild.
5	Rarely do I find myself in gastrointestinal distress, but after a gigantic four-course dinner the night before with many glasses of booze and servings of meat the size of my head, my poor tum was crying uncle and all I wanted was something fibrous and unadulterated by animal products. I'm a bit biased because I know the owner of the joint, but I don't think he would have served me any less of a fantastic meal had I been some schmo off the strip.  I ate a gingered daal, smoky green beans and potatoes, chickpeas and spinach, and cauliflower in a yogurt sauce accompanied by a mango lassi and was perfectly happy.Although I am not a big drinker, Rajan loves his alcomohol and keeps fabulous and strange beverages for your pleasure, of both the brew and grape variety.  Heck, if I'm not going to drink it, you may as well, but hands off that dessert wine.
5	Visited Vegas this week with my boyfriend and his coworkers and it was our pleasure to  take them to this place. Again, fantastic service, great food and fully bellies. The waiter had us all laughing and talking and the food had us in a bit of a coma.  Thank you thank you and we will be back again.
5	This is my favorite Indian place in town. Their food is very tasty and well spiced and the Naan bread is hot and crisp. The service is attentive. Unfortunately they don't have the lunch buffet anymore =(
4	The food was not exceptional, just good solid vegetarian indian food--but wait! The tibetan food was really good, and I hadn't seen a lot of it before. The sauces were a little underspiced, and the vegetables a little not varied enough, but I still definitely recommend this place. Its menu has a lot of attitude and wonderfully designates all the dishes which can be made vegan--I really appreciated this. The only really downside of the dinner was the owner, who was chatty to an extreme as we were trying to leave. I recommend the channa masala and the tibetan dish similar to yakisoba.
4	I like this place and dine there frequently. It's almost always quiet and empty, which I like. The menu is cleverly written and the food has never disappointed me.Try the makhani!Service can be a little uneven. Sometimes they will bring dishes without serving spoons, or present a shared appetizer without plates so you have to ask for them. At times I've had to flag them down to get the check. Sometimes the kitchen is a little odd. The menu says the tomato soup has paneer, but I recently ordered it and it came without it. So I had them redo it. I was there again last week and as I was ordering the soup I asked about this, and had to point to the menu where it says the soup has paneer. No really, it says paneer, I like paneer, bring it to me with the paneer!I am a little worried about them, however . . . they used to have the biggest beer list in Las Vegas, but now if you want to order beer, they are out of stock of almost everything on the list. They point you to a table where you can look at what is available, and I'd guess there are less than ten selections. Not a good sign that they are not sticking to the brand promise of an amazing beer list. Times are tough I guess, and no one wants to order expensive inventory that is going to sit.
3	Let's get right into this.  The service is adequate.  I haven't really tried Napalese food, but I thought it was okay.  The place looked comfortable.   The server was a bit slow at times even though there were hardly any people.  I also tried a few of the Indian food, and it was also decent.  I've only tried this place in Las Vegas for Indian food, but I don't think it's up there compared to other Indian food I've had in other states.  However, it was ok even though I think the prices could be better.
5	This is a wonderful place for vegetarians, and all the more so since vegetarians don't get too many great options in Las Vegas.  The food is varied, delicious, and healthy.  The prices are pretty reasonable for the high quality of food.For visitors, I'll start by saying that this is slightly over a mile off the Strip, so in most weather you'll need to drive.  However my wife and I walked down from Bellagio on New Year's Day and the weather was perfect, both sunny and cool, and it was about 25 minutes walk in each direction.Note that this food is Nepali food, not Indian.  If you go expecting it to taste exactly like Indian, you'll be disappointed.  As an Indian from Silicon Valley, I'll say that I like Nepali food a lot, because it has more delicate spices and seasonings, it's a whole lot less oily, and it's hard to find around where I live.  In particular, I like the food here better than what I get in most Indian restaurants in my area, even the popular ones.We tried the Vegan Sampler platter for two ($28) and were not disappointed.  There was a mixed bean and lentil soup called kwati that had a delightful smoky flavor.  There were a few other curries including a garbanzo spinach combination and a potato cauliflower combination, each had its own different flavor and all the ingredients tasted FRESH.  Loved it.  All this came on a plate with whole wheat bread and rice.  We also had samosas as appetizers, and they were good though not spectacular like the rest.  We had hot tea (a tasty organic variety) rather than wine, but next time I'm going to try something from the intriguing wine list.We left happy and well filled, though not heavy because the food was not rich.  Of course, your mileage may vary, and you might find it bland.  Also I can't comment on the non-vegetarian food.  We intentionally ordered our food mild because we wanted to taste the seasoning and spices, and it was a good choice for us.  You can order it spicy if you like your chilies.  Overall, I enthusiastically recommend this restaurant for vegetarians visiting Las Vegas, and meat-eaters can try it too if they get tired of the steakhouses and the seafood buffets.  It's a great pity I only found it on the last day of our trip, otherwise I'd have skipped one of the buffets and eaten here twice.
5	It was excellent! I was a little embarassed because I couldn't remember what the yogurt drink i like was called (lassi) and couldn't find it on the menu, but they new what i was talking about and brought it right away. It was all fabulous, we will definitely return!
4	I went here with my uncle and his girlfriend when they visited from California.  My uncle liked the weekend thali special because it included a complimentary glass of champagne.  His girlfriend liked it because it was all-you-can-eat.  I liked it because even the thali special wasn't bad.  One of the dishes, the lentil soup, left a great deal to be desired, but everything else was fresh and tasty.  When the lunch special is mostly good and nothing makes you shudder, then the regular menu is usually superb.  I also like that they do a lunch-wallah card delivery service to UNLV.  I might consider it next semester.
1	Went to this restaurant because my brother saw a lot of "Recession Special" ads on billboards and since he was craving for Indian food, we ended up going there for his birthday brunch.  Presentation was good, portions were on the "smaller" side but then again, majority of Indian food comes that size!  We had the Lamb Kurma, Tandori Chicken, and several folks in my party had the "all-you-can-eat".  The place was PACKED for a Saturday afternoon -- and there was only 1 poor waiter running around pouring water, taking orders, cleaning tables,... and he was probably the cook too 'cause we waited and waited and waited for our food.  Not being too "graphic", hours after brunch, I wasn't feeling too great.  Later that day when I told my brother, he said, "Oh,... I forgot to tell you that last week when we tried to come for lunch, the Health Department shut it down due to some "pipes issues", supposedly."  Nice....  bro!!!  Happy *@$#(*@(*#( Bday!  :-/
4	The best indian restaurant Ive been to. I am not a big fan of Indian food.This is the only Indian restaurant I ever enjoy. Ive been to 10 different Indian restaurant and do not like Indian food.If your a vegetarian, this is the place and it is awesome for you.I am not. I did enjoy there yellow curry and clossal shrimp dish.The price is fair. Lunch deal is excellent.The service is friendly and have excellent selection of beer and wine.
5	Great food at a good price. In Las Vegas this is not easy to find. This is not generic indian food. The menu is varied, creative and will please both vegetarians and carnivores. The service was friendly and good. The restaurant is being remodeled and said it will have a Lassi bar.
4	Walking 6 miles in Las Vegas in 110 degree weather may have not been such a great idea but walking to Himalayan Cuisine was. Since I didn't want to have Indian food that I could eat anywhere else, I opted to try something from Tibet or Nepal. Since their lunch specials were mostly Indian, I ordered from the menu. The Tibetan/Nepalese section was rather sparse in comparison to the Indian section and chose one of two vegan options. I ordered the Chau Chau which was a flavorful blend of noodles and vegetables with chili paste. The dish was pretty good though I wish there was more variety than just noodles and was happy that I chose the half order which was sufficient enough to fill my stomach and left me craving for dessert. The half order was similarly priced as the lunch special. They offered one vegan dessert option which was absolutely amazing. I tried the Gajar Haluwa which is a carrot "pudding" that consisted of carrots chopped up very small and sweetened by its own juices mixed with raisins. Apparently nuts were also in the "pudding" though I didn't see any. Their red tea peach iced tea was also delicately sweetened and refreshing for the hot weather. The atmosphere is alright. It is a lot more casual than it looks on their website. Their right wall is under construction pending a Lassi bar and they use paper napkins instead of fancy napkins. I can only hope that the Lassi bar will include some non-dairy options!
5	I just love the food here. For the time being I honestly think this is the best place to get Indian/himalayan food in town. They are doing some big renovations right at this moment but when it's done they will have their lunch buffet open. I think it will be pretty nice on the inside once they finish, but for now you have to deal with the black tarp that divides the place up. I have eaten there two times in the last week and a hand full of times a year or so ago. I will say the food is much better this time around. I brought my family and we tried several dishes and everything was great. I ate there again yesterday and still consistently great.OH almost forgot. they offer a good amount of vegan options and organic ingredients. (half of my family are vegans)
5	the food and service is great here. it's much fancier than the older version, looks like they're revamping the interior.. but i was most floored when i saw the words "vegan" and "organic" on menu items.. i had to do a double take.. and was pretty skeptical while awaiting my dish but was pleasantly surprised - the food was fresh, not too salty, perfectly seasoned. oh yeah, it's about 50% indian & i recommend this place for indian food too. PS. TRY THE ROSE BALLS ( don't remember the actual name on the menu) they are the donuts thingys flavored with rose water. i've tried these many times in different cities but these are hands down the  most delectable.
5	This place is so good.  The best place to get indian food in Las Vegas and the food is slightly cheaper than other indian places.  And get this, you get the rice for free!  OMG...what your not gonna charge me ten dollars for basic white rice which, is almost should be an inalienable right like freedom? The Makhani with vegetables is delicious.  Malia Kofta is creamy, and not to rich and the kofta balls are nice and fresh.The saag tastes super fresh, not like canned spinach.The beers are on the pricey side but, I tried the kingfisher beer and enjoyed it immensely.  I got a mango lassi for dessert and it was delicious.
4	The food is good here; got the "LSD", which is lamb in some spicy sauce (sorry not an Indian/Nepalese food expert) and I believe there is a hint of curry.  It was served with something reminiscent of grits and a green leafy vegetable.  I tried the mango drink, surprisingly good.  I definitely liked how low key it is and the server was polite.
4	i went to this place last week with my sister and two other people who have never tried Indian food, and we all loved it. We had the Indian sampler for $30 and the Vertical Vindaloo and it was all delicious. The sampler, one other entree and extra order of naan was enough for the 4 of us. The service was also great. I definitely would recommend this place to anyone who wanted to try Indian or even just something different.
5	How wonderful to find this place off Rainbow!Chris, the owner, who is ALWAYS working, is wonderful, and makes a point to great all guests, and visit the tables to say hello and make you feel appreciated.Inside decor is still being worked on, but even in mid-decoration, it's a nice atmosphere.Great beer list with good prices!  Try the Pirate - $8 @ 10% with an amazing flavour - you definitely get your money's worth on that one!Everything we tried there was wonderful: the Chau Chau (sp?)Chicken, the Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Biryani, Chicken Chili, Naan, Mango ice cream....fabulous!  And the yogurt topping is fantastic - a definite must with the spicy dishes.  Servings are well-presented, all come with superb rice, and generous portions.Great service, wonderful food, and decent prices (entrees ranged from $10-13, and the lunch buffet is a steal for $10).Mmmmm.....I only wish I lived closer!  OR, even better, that Chris will open up a Mint in San Diego :-)
5	Having recently been burned by overpriced terrible tasting food at another Indian restaurant in the area *cough* Bollywood *cough* we were hesitant to try more Indian cuisine. We were having a tough time coming up with a new place to visit so I went to Yelp. I started looking up various ethnic cuisines and I did a search for Nepalese food. Much to my surprise a place called Mint Indian Bistro showed up. After reading the reviews it seemed like the place had a mix of Himalayan and Northern Indian cuisine. So we made a resolution, we'll try some appetizers and if we didn't like it we would go to a different restaurant for our main meal.All that plan B contingency stuff went out the window when I looked at the menu. They actually had menu items marked as vegan and vegetarian such that for once I would not have to ask about the ingredients they use in each of the dishes. So we made the plunge. We decided to share the Vegan Sampler and it was good. I want to say it was great, but there were a couple of items in the sampler that I did not enjoy as much as the rest.Additionally the decor and feel of the restaurant was very nice. They even turned the lights up for us temporarily while we were perusing the menu so my mother could see the menus as she squinted without her reading glasses again.With full disclosure and all that jazz I would say the food was in the four star range, but the addition of the vegan friendly menu really pushes the rating up for me into the five star range. I gotta help promote any vegan friendly place here in Vegas because they are not as prevalent as they are in other towns.
5	Great quality food.  Much better than when it was HImilayan Cuisine.  Love that we got a free good quality mimosa w/ our weekend buffet.  Price not unreasonable, food was amazing!  Delicious chicken Pakora (like Indian chicken fingers), chicken tikka masala, tamarind rice and spinach w/ chickpeas.  My husband is vegan and there were some nice options for him too.  Will go back again soon!  :)
4	I have been coming here since 2006. Before it was named Mint Bistro, it was called Himilayan & Napalese Cuisine. They used to not have a lunch buffet. The lunch buffet is great. I go to UNLV and I used to come here often for lunch. The owners are really nice. They food is really flavorful. They try to change the entrees up as often as possible. There is always chicken tandoori, and Kheer, which is all that I need to make me happy. Sometimes they have Saag, and it's so delicious. The music is nice and the ambiance is very pleasant. They have vegan and vegetarian dishes and an assortment of appetizers that go really well with mint chutney. They also have fresh fruit and salad. It is well worth the ~$9.00.
5	This place serves halal meats which is a plus if you are looking for a zabihah restaurant.The chikken tikka masala, chicken tandoori, and lamb vindaloo were all very good as was the naan, bhaji, and yogurt.  Kheer (indian rice pudding) was also very good.  The Indian dishes that we tried were among some of the best Indian items we had tried.  I recommend the Indian dinner plate special, which is $30 and contains about 7 or 8 items to be shared with another person.
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas I must without fail eat at Mint Indian Bistro, because I believe it's one of the best Indian restaurants in the country.  I say this after having sampled the vegetarian food selection at over a hundred Indian restaurants in about a dozen major cities over the past two decades.  The diversity, freshness, and flavor of the Nepali/Indian vegetarian food at Mint is unmatched.I usually order the Lumbini Platter, which is vegan.  This is not cheap at $28 and others may simply wish to try the lunch buffet instead.  But for those willing to try the vegan platter, let me say that it's health food that tastes like gourmet food.  The meal comes with rice, whole wheat roti, a mixed lentil daal with a tantalizing smoky flavor, a few different vegetable combinations each with their own unique flavor, and a carrot pudding for dessert.  On my last visit Chris, the owner, who has become a friend of mine, recommended I try the soy mango lassi afterward, and being in an adventurous mood I tried it and was very happy with the result.What makes the food at Mint so different is that the flavors of all the ingredients come out in a delightful blend and dance on your palate, because unlike most Indian restaurants, the chef here is sparing with the chili powder, uses oil in carefully controlled amounts, and uses different spice combinations in each dish.  As a result you eat to your heart's content, enjoy every bite, remember the delicious curries Mom cooked at home (if you're from India), and end up feeling like you've done your body a favor with all that nutrition.
1	This restraunt provided a less than mediocre expereience on New Year Eve.There were long hairs in the noodles and the desert smelt like 10days old.Donot get there and be cheated.I'm not aware of better Indian restaurant's ,but certainly this one is hopeless
3	Not much to say here - I liked the food, which was tasty and reasonably priced.  Service was very slow, however.  It took about 30 minutes to receive our order - quite surprising since there were only two other tables occupied, and it was only ~7.00 pm.  Bottom line: if you're in a hurry, go elsewhere.  If not, stay and enjoy.
5	The five star rating is for dinner, I would drop a star for lunch. The dinner was perfectly cooked, we had a combination of Indian and Nepalese dishes (amazing shrimp dish). Service was excellent, fast enough (for Indian food) and customized for my needs (extremely spicy!).The lunch buffet on the other hand was very mild and some even bland with a lot of sweet options, which I guess is to be expected with the audience for the lunch buffet but I and my wife was not super happy at lunch.This is a good option if you are in Vegas with a car and would like to get away from the crazy buffets and try some real food.
4	There's two kinds of Indian food, the greasy comfort variety or the savory, authentic kind. As this place also serves Himalayan dishes, one will find the food here is quite pleasantly the non-greasy, delicious kind. And if vegetarian and vegan dishes are your thing, it will be even better. All the items on the menu are clearly marked and the waiters are very receptive to questions. The pakora and the paratha is so tasty, as well as the chau chau. Also, there is a great variety of beers.
4	All the good things everyone has said are true. It's not on the strip, which is great, since it means it's not ridiculously crowded. The Lassi bar is a great innovation, and the thandai lassi with vodka is awesome. We asked for all our dishes extra spicy, but while they were pretty great, they weren't spicy at all. I've known this to happen before to some of my friends at indian restaurants when the server makes a size-you-up decision that you can't handle it, but really, this time they should have concluded that we can, given a) we were indian. b) we kept repeating about how much we loved spicy food. oh well.Minor nitpick aside, the food is pretty great, especially some of the nepalese dishes, which are pretty rare (i've only been able to find one restaurant in chicago!)If i ever decide that going down on vegas junkets to behave outrageously and pretend you're exempt from all rules becomes a regular habit, mint will be a regular lunch spot too.
5	My BF and I were looking for a place a tad more upscale than getting the concierge service at the penny slots at El Cortez--and Yelp led us to a veggie-friendly eating place with a touch of class the was not on the godforsaken strip. We both love Indian food, so Mint seemed like the right choice. I was first pleased to see that we were the only folks there that didn't appear to be of Indian ancestry, my personal good sign indicator for ethnic fooderies. I was also pleased to see that it was pretty packed, but there was no wait to be seated. The decor was simple and elegant, with lots of blond wood and high backed booths. Service was spectacular, we had at least 5 very attentive and polite servers. They kept us up to date on the progress of each course, made sure our water was cold and plentiful, and inquired about our enjoyment. The menu was extensive, with both Himyl and Indian dishes. There was a lot of creativity involved, but the old standbys were also delish. I also liked that the menu let diners know what was veggie/vegan friendly.** Say yes to the samosas my friends. They are the best I have had.** All dishes were at a fair price, and I really liked that you could order half-dishes at a reduced cost. This was especially important when you have no microwave in your hotel, and you were taught not to waste food. Me and the BF were really pleased with our dishes, and two half plate entrees were more than enough food to share and be stuffed--but not too stuffed due to the half portions. I may also have to mention that they serve Frambois, and I would cut someone to have that delicious fizzy nectar. This is the place that inspired me to Yelp. I knew after seeing a Yelp approved sticker in the window, that these reviews actually make an impact. Yelpers, you got gooooood taste. So, thank you fellow Yelpers on leading us here, and thanks Mint for being so rad.
1	I ordered take-out from here not too long ago and I will NEVER go back. I don't know who does the cooking but they need to stop immediately!!!We ordered the Chicken Kadhai, Vertical Vindaloo (with chicken) and Boneless Lamb Kabobs. The chicken dishes were both excessively oily and god only knows what part of the chicken they used. I specifically asked for breast meat and that I would even pay a few extra $$ for it. The guy said no problem. I came home and opened the containers and saw this dark, muscle-ridden meat sitting in front of me. Both chicken dishes looked exactly the same even though they're supposedly 2 different styles. The kabobs were HORRIBLE. Huge pieces of lamb that were nowhere near tender. To top it all off, it was $60 for 3 dishes, some naan and rice. I will never visit this place again! I can make better Indian dishes at home!
5	Excellent food, attention to detail, service and beer list. Wow, we wish Mint was in our home town.  The menu was fantastic and caters to all diets. We loved our visit to Mint!
3	I went here a few days ago because it's like 2 miles away from my house. This place has been a few different restaurants in the few years I've lived on this side of town. It was a Himalayan restaurant, and now it's Indian restaurant. The decor inside is very basic. Moss green walls, some black iron pieces on the walls but was largely devoid of cultural ambiance that I particularly like in ethnic restaurants. I feel like decor really adds to an experience, it makes it feel authentic. This place didn't really have that. It was new, so maybe that's why it was so sparsely decorated. I took someone here because they never tried Indian before, so we just ordered the Indian Sampler. The Indian Sampler had about pint sized versions of coconut curry vegetables, lamb vindaloo, chicken masala, lentils, tandoori chicken, yoghurt, kheer, and one other that I can't remember. It was accompanied by 2 pieces of sliced garlic naan and basmati rice. The coconut curry veggies were fantastic, the flavors were excellent. The lamb vindaloo was good, not great. Not as spicy as i'm used to, but not bad. The tandoori chicken was kind of a joke,  it looked like two cornish game hen legs. So micro chicken legs, I thought that looked horrible.  We ordered lychee lassi and mango lassi, and for whatever reason I was served lukewarm mango lassi. I've never received lassi that wasn't cold, so it was a little different for me since the lychee lassi was served over ice. The service was good, no complaints on that. The owner chatted with us a little and was friendly. All in all, it was okay. It wasn't great, the price points are lower than Origin India, so i'd go back if I wanted to pay something a little more moderate. The experience was fun, nothing mind blowing. Origin India just blows it out of the water as far as the quality of the food and ambiance though, so i'd much rather go there if I had a choice.
5	After a long day at a convention at the Las Vegas Convention Center, my husband and I we looking for a nearby restaurant off-the-Strip (we needed to decompress from an excited, yet stressful day).  Fortunately, we found Mint Indian Bistro, a mile south of the LVCC.  We shared the Indian Sampler (around $30), which was incredibly flavorful and delicious.  Our friendly servers, Rajeev and Biru (who are from Nepal), gave us a lesson on the similarities and differences between Nepalese and Indian cuisines...something we found intriguing!  When we're traveling, we typically like to try different restaurants during our stay.  However, we made an exception and came back to try Mint Indian Bistro's all-you-can-eat buffet the next day...Rajeev's and Biru's hospitality coupled with the food we enjoyed made that an easy choice.When I return to Vegas, I'll definitely come back to Mint Indian Bistro! :-)
4	Lunch special buffet for $9.99? Hell yes. Best Indian lunch buffet around, with dishes also set out for vegetarians and vegans. It is a little smaller than most buffets I have been to, but there is still a great selection. I got the chicken tandoori and tikka masala, tried a bit of the goat curry, and pretty much ate up the vegetarian half of the buffet as well. Overall, an excellent steal for the price!The standout for me was the kheer, it was some of the best I had. I also tried a mango custard which was delicious. I would say it's a MUST if you are in the area or would like some Indian for lunch.
4	I work across the street from Mint, so it is our go-to lunch place for vegans, vegetarians, and meatavores.  However, reading the other reviews, I really need to check it out for dinner sometime!I'm quite pleased with their buffet because A) it is cheaper than most at only $9.99, B) it has lots of clearly-marked vegan options, and C) UNLV/DRI employees get 10% off.  Yay! Cheaper, more stuff, plus a discount? SOLD. We go there so much that the staff puts in a order of vegan roti for me as soon as we walk in the door, which is sweet.  The service is usually very attentive (filling drinks, etc. ).  Apparently they will even make vegans a special version of the vegetarian dishes on the buffet if you ask! I never even thought to try this until I saw some other vegan customers do it! Between the Kwaati (deliciously spiced bean soup), mixed veggie pakoras, Chau Chau (Nepalese noodle dish), two kinds of rice, daal, and usually 3 vegan entrees, I was never really hurting for options.They also have a great beer selection that I never get to try since I go at lunch. Going to make a dinner trip there a priority!
4	One of the best Indian food experiences I've ever had. We started with the veggie momo (dumplings). Based on the level of saltiness I'm pretty sure they came out of a package but I appreciated they were steamed and not fried. The chutney that came with them for dipping certainly upstaged their flaws as did the courses to follow. We ordered a couple different variations on naan (bread) and they were hot and delicious, obviously right out of the oven. I ordered the chicken curry and the bread came in very handy to soak up all the sauce. I'm not sure what my friend ordered but it was wonderfully sweet, savory and spicy. The kind of heat that creeps up on you and makes you want to eat more of it.The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive, they had a good selection of Indian beer. One thing I noticed was how cleverly the food descriptions were written on the menu. The imaginative and vibrant language made it difficult to decide what to order because everything sounded amazing!If you'd like to venture off the strip for something exotic I'd recommend this restaurant.
4	Not a big fan of buffets but I love me some Chicken Tikka Masala. The only problem i had was some of the items in the buffet were out and or there wasn't any chicken left in it and it was just sauce and they really didn't replace it but whatever was available was pretty good the bread was good to.
4	I just left this Indian bistro and overall I was very pleased with my experience. The food was well prepared and the presentation was clean and simple. The vertical vindaloo curry is delicious as is the cream and tomato based curry. (the second dish listed under Indian entrees) the service was friendly and attentive. I will be returning to this great Vegas find.
4	Mint offers a somewhat small but very tasty lunch buffet. The cuts of meat used were of fantastic quality for an Indian restaurant and all the food was enjoyable.I really enjoyed some of the different touches like a coconut chutney and Indian soup options which I've never seen before on a buffet.My only small criticism is I felt some of the seasoning lacked a little of the subtlety I have experienced at some of my favourite Indian restaurants and that keeps mint just a tiny bit lower on the pecking order for me. The curries carried that hint of acrid taste where you can taste all the individual spices rather than having them deftly blend into a combined taste. This is a very minor quibble as the food was still delicious, but it's the only thing I see holding Mint back from sheer excellence.
5	There is nothing bad to say about this place....The food is authentic, delicious, price is reasonable and the spice levels are exactly what you request.  Staff is friendly; and the owner will even take time to say hi and check in with sincerity.Ive have recommended it to friends and taken family and they all thank me later.
5	Prolly one of the best Indian restaurants in Las Vegas area.. A variety of cuisines made in the most authentic manner. The service is just wonderful and food quality is just amazing ... Every time I go to Vegas I go to this place without fail...
5	There's a lot of haters but it seems their issues stem from the lunch buffet, of which we did not partake. I went for a night out with my boyfriend and we opted for the Indian Sampler. Our server was also one of the "lucky owners", an extremely cordial and friendly man who recommended some delicious beers. It's obvious that he's a man who takes his libations seriously, which we appreciated. He explained that during the time of day we were there, he opted to maintain the restaurant himself. Aside from showcasing an impressive work ethic, it allows him to interact with his customers and gain insight on their reactions and feelings. He takes an active interest in the reviews and responses of individuals and mentioned that he periodically updates this page himself. :} So, Hi! Thanks for the meal! We started with the Don de Dieu, a Canadian beer with a high alcohol percentage while still being light, floral, fruity and crisp. It was a nice beverage to sample while awaiting our food and taking in the environment. The interior is a pleasant cool green shade with dark wood tones on the tables, floor and chairs that we found very soothing and appealing. There are several pieces of art on the walls as well as iron work. The bar is well stocked and there is a window that lets you peak into the kitchen. Gently wafting in the background was atmosphere music, not too obtrusive but a pleasant addition.The first food that was brought to us were flat breads that were studded with cumin/coriander seeds. They were folded over themselves and super thin, with a light crunch and pleasant mouthfeel. They were served with a mint and tamarind chutney. The tamarind was sweet and tangy but the mint was cool and savory. I vastly preferred the mint but we enjoyed both. We were given a refill of the bread and sauces prior to our meal. The sampler itself was brought out on a large metal tray, with each dish presented in a small metal container. Initially it looked like it may not be that much food, but as we began to ate we realized that the 9 small containers were  easily enough to feed 3, maybe even 4 light eaters. With a refill of rice, we were extremely satisfied. The meal included; - Fresh baked garlic naan : hearty flat breads with fresh herbs and garlic studded throughout, served at the center of the platter and ideal for dunking into residual sauces/soup- Vegetable pakodas : crispy, deep fried bites of mixed vegetables. excellent dipped into the tangy and rich homemade whole-milk yogurt and a dollop of ghost chili sauce.- Chicken tikka masala : creamy with hearty chunks of chicken in a sauce that gradually ramps up the heat in your mouth. After a few bites it gains an addictive spice. - lamb vindaloo : like a stew, with a spice and sweetness differentiating it from the usual western stew. I particularly enjoyed this and would look forward to ordering it again. - organic tandoori chicken : tender, flavorful chicken with a yummy spice rub coating the outside, giving it a bright reddish-pink tinge. There were two peices and they were a little small, so this would be the only downside to ordering the platter for more than 2 people. They  may be willing to adjust the serving for a larger party if you ask, as they seem quite amicable. :}- mixed vegetable curry of the day : our's had lots of zucchini, chickpeas, tomatoes and a rich sauce. I probably wouldn't order this by itself, but that's simply because I dug the other vegetable based dish so much more. - chef's choice lentil soup : This was delicious! It had a strong turmeric flavor and color, and was very flavorful. The lentils weren't very chunky, so the soup itself was not exceedingly thick. I enjoyed the consistency, personally.- fresh, homemade whole-milk yogurt : One of my other favorite options. It was extremely creamy with a rich tang and was an instant relief from some of the strongly flavored dishes. A great way to cleanse your palate between dishes or dolloped on top of them. - aromatic basmati rice : A chewier, drier rice that easily soaked up much of the sauce from the dishes. A good compliment as the texture of the rice really helped to enrich and fortify the thinner or lighter dishes.- khir dessert : sweet rice pudding with what I thought may have been a hint of rosewater. I ate most of it and really enjoyed it!While eating we enjoyed two other beers, as well;Yeti! An Indian beer that had a hoppy, smokey flavor. It was more of a dry lager, but went very very well with the food. We really enjoyed it and asked our server about sourcing it.We ended with Piraat, a potent amber beer with an earthy tang and a hoppy afterbite. Also quite good, but strong! I gave most of mine to the boy to finish so I could safely navigate our journey home. I definitely intend to go back sometime for the lunch buffet and their other set menus. It's a great introduction to a new culture's cuisine in a  nice, relaxed atmosphere with helpful and pleasant service.
5	I have eaten Indian food all over the world as a touring musician for 25 years. Indian food is one of my favorite foods and I search it out as I travel. The Mint is excellent. I am newly Vegan as well and it provides an excellent choice for the Vegan diet. Also ,my family is not Vegan and I have tasted the meat dishes they have gotten as well and they are fabulous. I am a regular there whenever I work in Vegas. Highly recommended!
4	Mint Bistro is an unassuming gem in the University section of Las Vegas.  Right across the street from UNLV on Flamingo, Mint Bistro is one of the best Indian restaurants in town.  The University/ Paradise section of town already has around 5-6 great Indian restaurants, but Mint Bistro is the best.  The outside of the restaurant makes you think that it is a take-out restaurant, but once you walk in you will feel welcomed by the comfortable Indian decor.  I have been to Mint Bistro about 5 times, and have always had great food.  My favorite dish is the Saag Paneer, which is house-made Cheese sauteed with spinach.  They make a very good version of one of my favorite Indian dishes.  I also really like the Mango Masala with Chicken.  This dish combines the classic flavors of a Chicken Masala with the sweet Mango flavor.  The other dish I usually try to get is the Rebel Curry.  Very flavorful, but spicy, curry, served with your choice of meat.  If you are a vegetarian, Mint Bistro has many options for you, but if you eat meat you have many options, too.  Mint Bistro also has a great selection of Belgian Beers.  My favorite that I had was the Duchesse de Bourgogne, but they have many more.  Although it sounds random for a Indian restaurant to have a great selection of Belgian beers, they have some of the best I have seen.  Definitely try the great pairing of the beer with the Indian food.  If you are looking for Indian and Nepalese food with a twist, definitely try Mint!
3	Before you read the review, you must understand a few things.1) This is the only "Indian/Nepalese" place I've eaten at in Vegas2) The only other "Indian" food I've had has been homemade by ethnic Indians or at Diwali events. 3) I am not an expert in either of these two cuisine types, but I do like good food. We came here for a dinner with some friends. We had a friend in from China, and since she likes to eat, we decided on a place where we can try something new, while socializing. We also know that Indian food meets many different dietary wants and needs, and this place has decent reviews and reasonable prices, so we came to Mint. We arrived at 7pm to a very clean and modern dining room. The dining area was a little over half full. The clientele seemed very diverse with a mix of cultures and varying levels of dress. Mint easily accommodated our party of 12, which was nice. We had a nice big table and were not cramped, nor did we cramp the other tables around us. The staff seemed friendly enough. However, we were waiting for 2 members of our party to arrive for about 30 minutes, but our waiters never asked for drink or app orders. That wasn't a huge issue, but once we ordered apps and drinks our waiter didn't ask us for our dinner orders for about another 30-45 minutes. We were all engaged in conversation, which I guess could have encouraged the waiter not to ask us. Overall, we were there for 3 hours, and the service was only so so.The food was good. The wife and I shared the vegetarian sampler platter. Everything we had was distinctive, flavorful, and delicious. I don't know Indian/Nepalese food too well, so I can't say how authentic it was or was not, but it was pleasing to my palate. We asked for a level 7 spice, but I am pretty sure the waiter did not accommodate that as our food was not too spicy. We like heat, and only one of our dishes had a bit of heat. I was very impressed with 2 things: 1) The wide selection and friendliness towards vegans and vegetarians. We had more selections than we knew what to do with. I am really excited to go back to Mint just to try some more.2) Beer selection: There is a great selection of Indian and European beers here. They range in price from $5-$19 a bottle, but they have selections here I've not seen anywhere else in Vegas. Additionally, they do have a "beer of the month" which they sell cheaper than the others. This month the beer is a very good Belgian White (the brand escapes me).Overall, it was a good experience (other than the service), but I think I will be back.
4	I had dinner here tonight and it was very good.  I started with complimentary papadam with two dipping sauces that were both quite good.  The main course was a fusion Mango Chicken made with fresh mango.  I had an order of garlic naan with the meal and a glass of delicious Mango Lassi.  I guess by now you can see the theme of my dinner tonight.After the main part was over, I had Kheer (Indian rice pudding) for dessert.  It was a small, whiskey shot glass sized dessert that was a perfect ending to the meal.I really enjoyed the place although when it's crowded, the seating might be a little close to your neighboring diners.For out of towners who know the area, Mint is almost directly across Flamingo Road from the Atomic Testing Museum.
5	Delicious & vegan-friendly food.  Chau Chau was out of this world!
4	We were the only patrons on our visit, so the service was first rate!  Appetizers were flavorful, including the MoMo's that we tried.  I didn't realize the Nepalise element here (Turkey on the menu at Indian places is odd!) but the food was very good overall.  Beer selection was impressive but I didn't have the right circumstances to participate in that.
3	I recently tried the lunch buffet there, and it was alright.  You could tell some dishes weren't freshly made and the chicken was also bit dry.  I also felt there weren't enough selection also.  Service was great though.
4	Just had the lunch buffet. The service was good & the food was delicious!! I'll definitely be back!
5	I usually find the food in Las Vegas not very good.  (I am an outsider).  My only experiences have been on the strip, so please don't think this is a blanket statement about the entire area.  But, on and around the strip I have generally found the food sub-par and relatively expensive. I don't doubt some of the food is excellent, but I don't want to pay Morton's prices just to get high quality foods.  Thank you yelp.  Without which I would not have discovered Mint Indian Bistro.!Excellent service with good prices.  We asked for our server's recommendations on a $25 entree budget (for two people).  We had more than enough food and were very happy with the quality and subtle flavors and spices. Also, typically Indian food leaves my digestive track in lurches afterwards.  Not so here.A great reasonable dinner just off the strip.
5	That is...As good as it gets...in Las Vegas!!!!I have been coming here since I found it in its prior name, Himalayan Restaurant.  The first time I came here, we used the coupon from Restaurant.com.  I had a hard time finding a good Indo-Pak Restaurant, so good thing there is Restaurant.com.First TimeAppetizerHimalayan Samosas-Potatoes and peas, stuffed in a light fluffy pastry.  BUT...the best thing about this is dipping it into the tamarind chutney.  Dang this is awesome.Chicken Rebel Curry-Spicy...not much else.  I haven't been ordering this.  Not memorable.  let's move on.Lamb Vindaloo-Spicy and tons of flavor.  The lamb was nice and tender.Garlic Naan-were not short of Garlic.  Top that lamb vindaloo pieces with a shred of onion and dip it into the tamarind chutney...WOW!!Mango Lassi-Is good as ever.My friend said that coupon or no coupon, we are coming back Fo SHO!!Second timeDidn't use a coupon so we were able to get:-Indian Sampler-30.99--garlic naan--pakodas-dumpling kinda look, with vegetable stuffed inside.  the outside is a chickpea batter.  This was dipped into a nutty sauce..interesting combination--chicken tikka marsala--lamb vindaloo--tandoori chicken-chicken was very juicy with a nice spice rub.  --vegetable curry-for a vegetable curry, this is so flavorful--yogurt (this was homemade, it was super tart..too tart for my taste)--basmati rice (I am used to the jasmine rice, but this basmati is on a new playing field)--Khir-dessert is this rice pudding (basmati rice! yay), in milk, spiced, with nuts and raisins.  This is one of my favorite dessert.  Once again, bursting with flavors.This sampler was perfect.  We got to tried out everything.  Recommend for adventurous newbies.  They weren't super spicy either so is easy on the tongue (and tummy) since there are so may other dish that one can alternate between the spicy one...lamb vindaloo.Third time and so on:Ghosht Karahi (Goat Curry)-Flavors remind me of back home...aahhhh, I miss home....Ok, focus!  So, my routine comes to play.  I ask for a side of onion and some lemon wedges.  I mix the onion with the goat curry, and squeeze lemon in it.  It's amazing how the onion would make the flavor even spicier, and how the lemon juice brings out that tang!!!  Now try this with the best naan that I have tasted yet...the naan with fruits in the middle.  This is the only place that have it, as far as I know.  You get savory and sweet.  Have mango lassi with this entree is the PERFECT combination.  Of course I have the Khir at the end of my every meal.  Service has always been super for me.  The owners are sooooooo Fantastic.  They are so kind and wonderful.  I love the decor.  Oh, I forgot to mention, they have a very extensive beer selection.  My friends always order beer and try like three different kinds every time.  I stick to my mango lassi and am happy with it.
5	This was absolutely delicious. Had the Malai Kofta and was amazing.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place! I'd had their food back when they were called Himalayan Restaurant and it was very good. My recent dinner visit was the first time I had actually been inside the restaurant and the first time I'd had the food since they came under new ownership. The waiter was very helpful and friendly. He suggested getting the Vegan Sampler when we informed him we wanted to try everything on the menu. So, we ordered the Vegan Sampler which was perfect for two people. Every item was amazing except for the carrot (I think) which was a little too sweet for my taste. The sampler comes with two sides of basmati rice, roti and six or seven other items. The soup and Chana Saag were my favorites. I'll definitely be back to try the dosas!
5	great food and service. I love this place.
2	My boyfriend and his buddy went here the other night. They ordered multiple entrees, including a two-for-one tikka masala. We all greatly enjoy their yogurt, so they finished off their helpings and asked for extras, which the service complied with. When they were leaving, he asked for an extra yogurt so that he could bring some home for the leftovers. When the check was brought to the table, he was able to take a look at it before another one was quickly brought out. When he asked why he was being given a different check, he was told it was so that they could apply the two-for-one tikka masala. That was untrue- the first check already showed the two for one discount, the only discernable difference was that he'd been charged a dollar for the yogurt. It's not a big deal that they charged him a dollar for the yogurt- the problem is that they obviously felt the need to lie about it after failing to mention anything earlier. That was really disappointing. We will probably be back for the food and interesting beer selection, but being lied to is a big turn-off.
4	Great food, decent service at not a bad price. I will go there again and again. In fact we ate ther everyday except one day while we stayed at vegas for 4 days. Will go back again.
1	We went there for lunch buffet and the food was very disappointing. Even their lassi bar was not good. Will never go back to this place again.
5	Lunch buffet is awesome. A good variety of Indian favorites and they bring out fresh naan. On top of that students get a discount (for lunch and dinner)!
5	ok here is why I am giving Mint 5*. We walked in 10 before the lunch buffet was about to close. The owner offered to keep things as long as we like and even cooked up more food that got low.He personally came over talked to use and went the extra mile, to make this a great experience.
5	NOTE FOR THOSE WITH RESTAURANT.COM CERTIFICATES:Apparently they have a conflict with restaurant.com and aren't accepting their coupons. HOWEVER, they honored the discount themselves and told us to get a refund for our certificate and will probably do the same for others. He looked upset a bit explaining it so it's probably something ugly... I thought it was cool that they will honor it themselves to help out the customers. *********For years I ate Indian food on a weekly basis and for a while I stayed away since I burned out and the BF never had Indian food before so away we went.  The drink selection is one main reason that made me really want to try them. We are beer nerds so it makes for a lovely surprise that a unassuming Bistro would have such an impressive drink menu. The BF wasn't sure of what, and our server (I think possibly the owner) asked what kinds of flavors he likes and gave a few recommendations. I always appreciate a place that knows what they sell since it seems most people don't care about beer the way they do of wine. The BF took his suggestion of a Augustjn Abbey Ale ($7) and I had a Troubadour Obscura ($7) which the guy poured into TULIPS with care to produce a proper head! I had a nerd moment that they had the proper kind of glasses and someone cared about our drinks as much as we do. He treated it like a sommelier would a fine wine. While we waited for food we were served papadam with a tamarind chutney and a cilrantro mint chutney. All really finely made. For food we really couldn't decide to we went with a Indian Sampler ($30). It doesn't look like a lot of food, but we were both comfortably full.It includes:*chicken tikka masala- this was a lovely tikka. I've had a lot and this was one of the better ones I've had. Very robust, but balanced. The BF loved this and raves it's the best curry he's had and he had a foodie moment (aww, I think us Yelpers are getting to him...maybe he'll change his mind about doing reviews one day). *lamb vindaloo- the lamb was very tender and the sauce complimented it very well with a bit earthiness, tangyness and a tad spicy. *tandoori chicken- crisp and nicely spiced outside, juicy inside*mixed veggie curry- had a good mix of cauliflower, zucchini, beans, peppers. The curry had a very light and fragrant flavor to it...I can't quite place the spices, but I liked this. *chef choice of lentils- today it was daal. I like daal since it's earthy and comforting. *we got yoghurt, basmati rice, and garlic naan as well. The naan was pretty noms here. *Khir came with it for dessert. It's a rice and milk porridge with raisins, nuts and cardamom according to the menu. When I was eating it, to me it tasted more flowery than just cardamom, like possible orange blossom water was added. It's the kind of light dessert that would be amazing for a hot summer day since it's served cold and has such bright flavors.We also ordered another dessert that I thought I had and loved at another restaurant and at friends house but haven't come across it in a while. Turns out it was what I was looking for! Lal Mohan ($2.99) the description says it's served cold, but it's served piping hot! It's these round pastries that are fried so the outside is crisp and the inside has a creamy kind of dough. They throw it into syrup and it absorbs it so it flavors it throughout.They come 3 to a serving in a shot glass, balls are about gumball sized so you don't get much of it, but it's quality. It's a comforting kind of dessert that would be a good for people who like fried mochi with honey, warm donuts, zeppolis, beignets. The service was friendly and helpful. I like the little details that show they care like having proper beer glasses or giving us warm plates. Utensils were impeccably polished- no water marks at all. It felt very comfortable with the warm decor and the good staff making you feel good about being there. I just got a strong feeling that they are proud of this place in the pride they take for the little details. I haven't been this surprisingly satisfied in a long time. The BF was super happy with discovering Indian food and having a food epiphany of sorts about it....days later he's still telling me about the tikka and how he wants to go next weekend.  Definitely we will be coming back for a la carte and also the buffet sounds like a deal. If our next experience is as good as this one, it can quickly grow to be a favorite.
5	4.5 stars.It was a very similar day to my previous review. Copious laundry yet to be folded and lazy me coerced my husband to thinking that we need to partake in Mint's buffet this last Saturday. I remembered a message one of the owners of Mint had sent me letting me know that they had taken my previous review into consideration and created a better buffet. It's a rare occasion that small business owners give you positive reactions on a negative review so I was impressed enough to give Mint another chance. Wow...the 2 of us were truly surprised (in a really good way) and absolutely enjoyed this buffet. There was a thin tomato soup that was tangy and a prolific salad/chutney assortment. Also their Dal Tadka was to die for. I filled multiple bowls of this delicacy. The pakoras (Indian vegetable tempura) were excellent. Special shout out to the thinly slivered potatoes coated with the garbanzo flour mixture. Yumminess. Soft and airy idlis with a thick and tasty sambar (the best in Vegas thus far) spoke to the South Indian in me. There was lemon rice that was full of flavor and their spicy chau chau noodles that were oh-so-perfect and what I am currently salivating about. There were 3 vegetable dishes (one paneer) and at least 5 meat based dishes on the buffet. Garlic Naans/Plain Naans/Rotis were brought to the table with the blink of an eye. Now for the grand finale. Dessert...my eyes popped when I saw they served Gulab Jamun (balls of dough and milk, deep fried and served in sugar syrup). The Gulab Jamuns were warm, melt in the mouth and probably the best I've had out here. Dessert Nirvana. Mint pulled out all the stops at their new buffet and I for one, will be a repeat customer as long as I get my belly filled like this. For 9.99, this was a stellar deal and of course, the service was just as impeccable as before with the nice waiters.
4	I've always wanted to check this place out but never knew where it was until I passed it while we were on our way to Mob Month at the library. I definitely wanted to try it so I kept a mental note for after the lecture. We started off with drinks I had the Rose Lassi. The rose flavor was really delicate ..it  didn't taste like I was consuming a rose garden. My husband had the Pomegranate Martini. He thought it was a little strong and so did I but I don't think that taste can be avoided when you are mixing juice with Vodka. I've had a Martini made with Baileys before ....I think that's more my speed. I don't think it was a true Martini but the taste is much smoother. I ordered the half order of Lamb Biryani $9.99. It was good but while I was eating it I came across some very strong spices. You know the feeling when you accidentally bite into a peppercorn..it felt like that but I'm not sure what type of spice it was. It looked like a miniature piece of a tree branch but the tender lamb made up for it. My husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Salad $5.99. The seasonal veggies that came with salad were super fresh. Good size cucumbers tomatoes, and chicken ...beautiful colors. It tasted good too! It's perfect for a late night snack that will not weigh you down. It tasted even better when you put some of the salad on the Naan and roll it up. My husband agreed that I know what I'm talking about it because he liked it . That's no easy feat. We wanted to try some dessert so I ordered the Mango Kulfi. It's basically a milky mango ice cream. It's not sour like a sorbet... it was pretty tasty. My husband went out of his vanilla box of his basic dessert choices .... he also had no choice because there is no ice cream sundaes here! He ordered the Lal Mohan which looked kind of like like juicy brown eggs. I thought the he might be scared off by it but he tried it and like it. I tried some too . If you are the type that doesn't like too much syrup on your french toast then this may not be for you. I'm one of those people. These are milk based pastries drowning in syrup. It was cool trying something new though. The service was awesome ! Our waiter helped us decide on the desserts . He genuinely cared what we thought of the food...which was refreshing.  The waiter had a nice warm personality where when he said "Hope you come back soon" ...you have to believe him!
4	If you like Indian food, go here, you will not be sorry. Delicious food and great staff. I can't wait to go back and try the buffet.
4	Indian buffet has always been a noun combination I could get behind.  Or into my belly.  And then I did!  For ten bucks I consumed heartily a fine assortment of deliciousness.  I wish I had more to say, but really, I enjoyed everything I popped on and in!
4	I was so craving Indian food. It's been months since i've had any and due to my last experience at Namaste several months ago i needed an Indian fix. Thanks to the reviews of fellow Yelpers I took my talemts to Mint!So after reading their Menu on line for a few days I new my wife and I would be getting the Indian Sampler.Served with Rice, Homemade Yoghurt, and Khir for dessert.Garlic Naan  -Fresh warm and pretty much melted in your mouth. I like to use it to scoom the rice and other dishes.Vegetable Pakodas- Fried veggie chips with plenty of flavorLentil the chef's way- Lentil soup. Very tasty had a hint of Cilantro that was outstandingThe lamb and chicken dishes were so warm, flavorfull and comforting. I only chose level 4 spice not knowing how hot it would be. Next time i will leap to a 6, not being brave but curious, and i do not eat spicy food at all. So much to say about these dishes but please go and experience them for yourself, you will not be dissapointed.Not a fan of rice puuding. The Khir which is similar was fery smooth, rich, tasty  ans flavorful. Can't wait to go Back.Thanks to my friends for coming along, who have dinned here before and enjoyed it once again!!
5	Awesome food here!  An impressive menu with tons of veg dishes.  Gulab jamun was a little sweet, but delish savory plates way made up for it.
4	I've been to Mint Indian Bistro for dinner once before, but I wasn't blown away by the food. Luckily, I tried the lunch buffet this time around, and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food. One thing that I did like on my first visit and still like about this place is the decor. It's definitely a good place to go for a romantic date. I also am fond of the service here. Anyways, back to the food. At the table, the server brought us our choice of either plain, butter or garlic naan (we chose garlic) and also roti (a thinner bread made with whole wheat). The garlic naan was yummy- soft, warm and studded with garlic bits, it was perfect for dipping into the soups and curries. The roti was good too, but I definitely prefer the naan. I can't remember all I ate, but I will list off my favorites. There were three soup varieties; I enjoyed the Sambhar soup (a hearty lentil soup) the most. I also enjoyed the seasoned rice dish, as well as the Chicken Tandoori and a vegetarian dish called Paneer Tikka Masala (blocks of soft cheese simmered in a spicy tomato-based stew). I also thought the Chicken Curry dish to be flavorful and good. For dessert, I had a few cubes of watermelon and one piece of Gulab jamun (fried balls of dough soaked in a sweet syrup flavored with cardamom and rosewater). I wish I went back for seconds on dessert though. The best part about the lunch buffet is that it is healthy or at least tastes healthy. All in all, I had a nice time here. I would probably go back again- for lunch, that is.P.S. Parking here during busy times can be dangerous. Small parking lot, too many cars, etc....Be careful!
4	Service is very friendly, 1 million times better than the Indian restaurant we go to in LA valley. The green cilantro dipping sauce for the pappadams is super fresh. Soups are so good served steaming hot tried both the dal & the bean & lentil. Love the $10 AYCE lunch buffet, items change daily, so I need to keep going back to catch the chana masala. Just wish tney offered dosas as part of buffet but they do have an AYCE dosa nite. But there are always vegan options available on buffet & those soups, salad & fresh papadams. definitely a return to place.
5	There are many decent indian restaurants in town, but here is one more yelp vote calling this place the BEST indian lunch buffet in Vegas.  Big selection, so even if one item is not to your liking (ingredient or spice-wise), there will be plenty else to nosh on.  Service is quick to get beverages and naan on the table, and tables cleared for new customers. You feel very welcome here :)(Side note: Always a bummer though to see how much food is wasted at buffets here in town.  C'mon folks ~ take a lil to see if ya like it, and if you do, go back for more! Discarding plates still piled with food is appalling.  And please at least have had a meal in the last 24 hours ~ the single diner next to us sat down and demanded three baskets of naan right off the bat...did he finish them? NO.)
4	I'm usually here for lunch, and they do a very nice buffet every time I've been here.  There's a nice mix of vegetarian and meat dishes, and I've never seen the exact same menu two days in a row for lunch.  Dinner here is good too, they do a nice Tandoori chicken, which is how every Indian restaurant should be judged in my opinion, at least if they offer it.  Overall, very happy with this place, and they also have a limited bar menu, plus wine and beer.
4	I went to Mint a couple of weeks ago with a bunch of fellow computer scientists for a birthday lunch. The place is pretty small and the buffet area seems small, but the selection is decent. If you know me at all, you'll know that the first thing I look for is Butter Chicken. A quick scan of the lineup reveals a disappointing no. So right off the bat, this puts them at a disadvantage against Namaste.Then I found the Goat Curry. At an Indian buffet, I really only need one go-to item and luckily, the Goat Curry was off the hook! It's not quite the Naan heaven that is Butter Chicken, but paired with rice, I enjoyed every morsel.As for the Naan, I like how they bring it out to order. This can lead to moments of Naan-less agony, but at least you know it's always warm and fresh when it comes to your table.  The Garlic Naan has an overpowering aroma and is the only way to fly.I haven't tried any of their Lassis, but that will definitely change today at the CMYE. I love me some Mango Lassi, but the other flavors are intriguing.Overall, I'm definitely a fan of this place. Quite honestly, I'd pick Namaste over Mint for one simple reason (which should be easy to deduce by now). Still, Mint is a solid lunch buffet choice.EDIT: I've since been back and I'm not sure why I thought the buffet area is small. There are quite a few dishes from which to choose. I guess it's because I only found a couple of items that interested me.
5	I've been here many times for dinner, but not buffet.  This review is for the lunch buffet.There were many items in the buffet line, ranging from vegetarian to meat courses. The quality and taste of the dishes exceed my expectations even more now.  I love goat karahi.  I have been to many Indian restaurants where the goat karahi isn't consistent.  I know I can count on Mint to make sure that each piece is tender and flavorful.  I mixed my tender chunks of goat meat with slices of onions and cucumbers, then squeezed lemon on them and tossed it around some more. It was delicious, and the naan was great as well.  However, goat karahi wasn't the only star on today's menu (according to me, of course).  I have tried tandoori chicken at many places, but I find it lacks flavor.  When Debbie said that the tandoori chicken is her favorite, I decided to grab a piece to give it a try.  Boy was I glad Debbie raved about it.  It was SOOOOO GOOOOD!  I tore off a piece of this delicious chicken that bursted with flavor and put it on top of freshly baked garlic naan. I then dipped it into the tamarind chutney and wala, yummy-in-my-tummy.  I was full at this point, but still had to eat my favorite dessert, khir.  I was super excited to see this in the  buffet line.  I love the basmati rice, slow cooked in milk with a dash of cardamom.  I got two servings, one for Roland, and one for myself.  Somehow, they both ended up being consumed by me...Oops...Khir...I can't help myself.I also had the Lal Mohan.  Again, tried this at other places, never liked it.  Luckily, Debbie also raved about this so I gave it a shot...thank goodness I tried it because it is DELICIOUS.And the staff, attentive and friendly, as always.
4	The food is delicious and they have a good selection. I've never had bad service any time of day that I've gone, and their bar is pretty diverse. This is definitely a "staple" Indian restaurant for me.
4	Even I am not familiar with Indian food(only curry and naan) this is really good experience to me. I was little late for the event so I didn't get enough information about every food in there but still I taste most of them.The food wasn't greasy at all. I really like that part. I like goat curry and yellow curry(?) with veggie(I'll find out this one's name next time). I hope their new menu working well.Their drink have different texture but was good.I will be there again.
3	I really want to give this restaurant all five stars, just because the service was fantastic. However, I can't say that I loved the food entirely. This won't stop me from coming back though since I did only try the items on their lunchtime buffet menu. I will definitely have to go back for dinner.I will just point out the positive aspect of my experience for now:1. Fantastic service: Right when I walked through the doors, I was greeted by the staff and felt very welcome. Our waiter made sure to check up on us several times during our meal and was very hospitable. 2. Nice accommodation: Very cute and quaint mom and pop restaurant. The interior decor is nice and their choice of music is very soothing. The restaurant is very clean as well, which is a huge plus.3. Food: I'm not a huge fan of rice pudding but they actually won me over with their rice pudding. Their garlic naan is also delicious--very light and fluffy. Actually, I really loved most of their vegetarian/vegan dishes.
5	This place was a frickin GEM found right closely off the Vegas strip. Authentic, delicious Tibetan/Nepalese food & very testy mango lassie... try the Nepalese dinner (for two) its was perfect, even for 3 people.
2	I yelped and I googled and I yelped when I was in the process of purchasing a voucher from Restaurant.com . The foods was great but not for the money.This is my first time I tried Rest voucher. I took a friend with me. It was definitely a lot less valuable as Groupon (from what I've gathered, there was Groupon offered at this restaurant recently). Groupon imposed no conditions on money spent (I assume you ordered $40 foods or more with your $20 purchase, then you paid the tax and tips on top, for a minimal of $23.24). Rest voucher dictated you ordered twice as much and paid 18% tip, plus tax. For $25 voucher (you may pay $15 for it), you have to order $45 min of food. So the final total was about $49. What's my saving? If I've got the voucher for free, I still paid about $33. How much is my saving then? If I order the foods without the voucher, I would have paid about $49 too. What's wrong with this picture.With this irritation aside, the foods were good. Not excellent, but tasty. I was surprised with a one-page Nepalese section. I have never tried Nepalese foods before. And I don't consume east Indian foods often. So we ordered Nepalese sampler $29.99 and a Tandouri chicken $14.99. There was also a Indian sampler for $30.99 available.The portion on the sampler was so small (2 oz per metal cup) that I could easily finish by myself and still feel hungry. It came with 4 pieces of turkey dumpling, 2 oz red curry chicken (4 cubes), 2 oz vegetarian, 4 small pieces of skewed lamb (in 2 oz cup), 2 oz broth, 2 oz cucumber salad, 2 servings of 2 oz steamed rice, 3 small pieces of brown desserts, and one cut up Naan. Luckily we had Tandouri chicken to contribute a small space in our stomach; it came with 5 small pieces of thighs and drumstick with plenty of onions. I have to be honest, I don't have a fine palate for Indian cuisine. The Nepalese foods tasted like Indian foods.Even though it tasted good, but I had similar or better at various cities. A meat sampler costs $12.99 and Tandouri chicken $8.99 during a visit to Flagstaff (I thought it was a bit pricey at the time comparing to the restaurant in SoCal excluding San Diego).The service was plain ordinary. I can hardly understand our server's thick accent. I wound never have paid 18% tips on this kind of service.The location was off the strip but in the midst of Asian commercial district. There were many Indian and some Filipino restaurants in the neighborhood.So diners, beware what you are getting from Restaurant.com voucher. It feels like a scam to benefit the restaurants. Groupon is a better deal here. I feel the price is at least 50% more than other places, regardless Vegas charm or not. I won't be back for there is no knowledge gain but a bad overall experience and the worse value I have ever had for a long time.
5	Absolutely tasty!!! This place is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to. There mixture of Indian, Tibetan and Nepal is a  refreshing blend. The first time I went there I asked for paneer pakora which wasn't on the menu and the owner went to the kitchen and made me up a plate which tasted amazing. They have lots of beers from India and alot of lassi drinks. Just to prove my taste buds are on the level I recently brought a friend who's wife is from India and she said very tasty and top notch. Well worth it. Nice atmosphere as well.
5	everything was really great. nice atmosphere and delicious food. cant wait to go back
4	If you like Indian food or would like to give Indian food a try you can't go wrong with Mint India. Had their combination plate for dinner some months ago and went there today with a group of friends for the lunch buffet. Fantastic food at a low price. If you're a beer lover have the Taj Mahal with your food and the Tikla (sp?) Gold for dessert.
4	The garlic naan is exceptional!  Stopped in for the lunch buffet and the selection was wonderful -- had all the basic Indian dishes.  There were a lot of vegetarian dishes I winced at.  For $10/person, it's a great deal.
4	I have experienced a few misses while trying to find a good Indian restaurant. This place is the total package. The decor is filled with soothing earth tones. The employees are friendly and attentive. The food is pleasing to the palate. The best part, the lunch buffet is only $9.99. At this price, I can afford to buy lunch for myself and a few friends.Unlike my last experience at a different restaurant, Mint is great at keeping the hot foods hot and the cold foods cold. The salad and fruit selections were limited, but they were crisp and refreshing. I am a sucker for Indian sauces. My favorite being mango and mint chutney. I can eat it with everything. The vast selection of gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan friendly foods makes it a no brain option for when I'm with friends who steer away from meat. The kadhai paneer was one of my favorites, a firm cheese with a mild taste in a curry sauce. Yet meat lovers will not go hungry. The tandoori chicken was cooked to perfection. Nice juicy pieces that were seasoned exceptionally well.  Chicken chilli was probably the best meat dish offered though. The spice is not over powering but strong. Try the rice pudding. The only criticisms I have are that certain dishes were either too sweet or too salty. The masala rice needed to be mixed with some basmati. The galub jamun gave me an instant toothache and numbness of the tongue from the sugar overload.   Other than that, I would happily come here again.
4	We were ravenous and this was the first Vegas eatery we dined at. I believe the lunch buffet is open until 2:45. I chose this restaurant due to the veg friendly sites touting Vegan naan. The buffet had plenty of vegan and vegetarian items to choose from and my omni boyfriend had a few meat options to satisfy his flesh eating desires. While I enjoyed my vegan naan he thought it was just 'ok' and ordered an additional basket of the original version. They had three different soups and I think all of them at least vegetarian. The surprise of our meal was how delicious their Wittekerke Belgian wheat beer ($4) was! It was yummy and we ordered a second round. They also have awesome mango chutney. Our server appeared aloof or stoned, but it didn't really bother us. Great lunch for a decent price.
5	Truly the best Indian food at very reasonable prices!  Kwati soup, Tandoori Chicken and Saag Paneer half orders were plenty for two people to share!Wayne Gorsek
3	We went to Mint with great expectations after reading all the rave reviews. My experience was average at best.+vesThe staff was friendlyVery clean placeThe food looked freshly prepared and was not oily at all They had a variety of chutneys, dips and fresh salad and fruitThe kheer (indian rice pudding) was yummyThe naan was crisp(I would have preferred a dash of butter as that's how I like the garlic naan but the taste was not bad)The sambhar, idli and chutneys tasted very good.not so +veThe vegetarian choices were just ok. The pakoras were cold and therefore not crisp.The potato and bellpepper, and the shahi paneer were ok but lacked flavor.The spinach tasted more like garlic than spinach. We asked for tandoori rotis and got 1 tandoori roti between the 2 of us and had to ask for another tandoori roti and naan.I was told that the chicken and meat dishes were just ok.Am not sure if my experience was colored by my expectation but I was expecting more! The price was great though.
5	Charming & Cheap A wonderful small getaway. Not the typical endless Vegas buffet. Just enough choices to get your buffet fix, small enough to not have to stand in line for 20 minutes just to get your food. Nice and simple appropriate decor. A busy place for lunch, but relaxing as well. Top 5 buffets in Vegas!
5	After 3 days in the Grand Canyon this was the perfect meal.  The Indian Sampler had a little tapas-size portion of all the 'greatest hits' of indian cuisine and was perfect for 2 people.My husband enjoyed the gluten-free beer selection.We asked for it not-too-spicy but it was still pretty spicy...but I like spicy, so that was OK.The staff are very nice and place is really clean, especially their bathroom.I love things in Vegas that make you forget where you are... this is one of those places.
4	My husband and I have been to several Indian restaurants in Vegas, and this one is our favorite.  We drive all the way to Mint from Summerlin b/c the closer Indian places just don't make food as good as Mint does.Restaurant is clean, simple decor, staff is nice, and you can't beat the $9.99 lunch buffet they offer.  Buffet isn't huge, but does offer enough delicious choices to be satisfied.  Also comes with Naan.I'm especially a fan of the Chicken Tikka Masala...it's my favorite Indian dish and they know how to make it right here.  Definitely check them out when you're in the mood for a good Indian meal.
4	Before I was going to write this review, I wanted to check out Namaste so I can compare both lunch buffets.  Let's just say Mint Indian Bistro won hands down!I've had both the lunch buffet and ala carte dinner, both were great but the bargain is definitely the all you can eat lunch buffet for $10.  They had a good variety of both vegetarian and meat dishes, including chicken korma.  They make some of the best around, great flavor, creamy sauce.My fellow diners also loved the lunch buffet, one even exclaimed "if all vegetarian food tasted this good" he'd be a vegetarian!Buffet includes tandoori chicken and a lamb dish and they bring warm Naan bread to your table.They also have an extensive drink menu- large selection of Indian and Belgian beers as well as specialty cocktails.This is a definite "WILL RETURN" spot!
4	We had the vegetarian sampler. Plentiful quantity for two people and every dish was very tasty..
5	I am never the first to suggest a buffet, but Mint's lunch buffet has won me over, hands down!! I LOVE the wide assortment of dishes! My fiance can enjoy the meat dishes, while I've no lack in the selection of vegetarian options. And let's not forget the delicious Naan. Light with the perfect balance of softness and crispness...All for a cool $9.99 on weekdays. Oh, and UNLV students get a discount.My favorite dishes are the Aloo Saag, Chana Saag, and Chau Chau. All are packed with such great spices and full of flavor! I can't leave without having a little bowl of the Khir (rice pudding) and also enjoy their Gajar Haluwa (the carrot pudding).I have dined here for dinner, but find I have such a tough time choosing one dish because I've become so used to sampling them all at the lunch buffet :)The staff is excellent! You can catch the owner (very friendly) from time to time. The restaurant is always very clean. A friend introduced me to Mint two years ago and I've been hooked ever since!
5	Auuuggghhh! I don't want to give out five stars anymore! My reviews are too positive. I have too many five-star reviews, so I changed the way I rate places. I'm more critical now and an establishment has to go way above and beyond expectations or be the best I've had in its category. Unfortunately, Mint Indian Bistro is THE best Indian food I have EVER had, period!I know, my life sucks! All I want to do is give a critical review, but I keep having outstanding experiences.When I opened the menu and saw dosas in the appetizers, I knew I was about the experience something special. Dosas!!! My use of redundant punctuation should indicate the percentage exceeding one-hundred that represents how much I love a good dosa!!! Mint has giant flaky dosas filled with many different types of awesomeness.Both Southern and Northern Indian recipes are included on the menu, as well as Tibetan and Nepalese entree selections. I know of nothing like this back home in Seattle. If someone else does, please tell me! This place was great from beginning to end. I don't do dessert at Indian restaurants so I can't speak to that, but I did have a delicious Blackberry Lassi which I can say served a dual purpose as dessert/beginning of the evening cocktail.They have a lunch buffet, but I didn't get to do that since my friend is a bit of a germophobe about buffets. So, in conclusion, best, awesome, great, and delicious! I'll have to wait another day at different restaurant to be comfortably critical. I can always go back to Chutney's back home, I guess.
3	Really average food in buffet for lunch. It was a good selection but food was a little less than I would expect.
5	My cousin and I are fans of Indian food and when I saw the reviews decided we had to check it out. It was excellent! First a note on the atmosphere, the restaurant had been booked for some event that sounded like a presentation on maintaining your visa. The event ran over and they were not taking walk ins so it's difficult to give a proper evaluation of the noise and the typical crowd. However we had a reservation and the staff quickly adjusted. The fact that an all Indian event would choose this place says something about the authenticity.We ordered samosa and garlic naan to start. The pastry was light and crispy and the filling was perfect. The naan was light and fluffy. For main courses we got a chicken vindaloo which was tasty and well spiced and a shrimp mikhani. I had never heard of this dish and from the description was expecting something like a tikka massala. It wasn't. It had sweeter creamier taste. It was delicious and I highly recommend it. The staff also brought us extra naan with dinner.This place is a gem and if you like Indian food worth a trip off the strip.
5	I can't stop going back!  $8.99 for students!  All you can eat!  Why not!  I love the chicken pakora with mint chutney and the rice pudding!
2	The Indian food we had was pretty good with the exception of the kulfi.  For those who don't know what kulfi is, it is Indian ice cream.  The pistachio kulfi we had here had a lot of ice crystals in it.  A sign that it was either melted and re-frozen (that has to violate some health codes) or that they did not cook the milk down long enough (lazy cooking).  Also, the Nepali dishes I had were not very good and I know this because I've lived in Nepal.  The momos tasted like they were made with ready made wonton wrappers from the grocery store.  The momo dough isn't quite the same as a wonton wrapper.  The kwati soup did not appear to be made from NINE types of beans/lentils.  It also did not look like the beans/lentils had been sprouted.  I give this place 2 stars because I the Indian food here seems decent but I definitely recommend avoiding the Nepali dishes.
5	Decadent, Some of the best Indian food I have ever tasted and I live in sf bay area home itself to some great food. Suggest try the sampler items..Will be back next time in Vegas or might just come to Vegas for them.,
3	3.5 stars.Slightly better than average Indian food.  And when you tell them spicy, believe me, they make it SPICY!  The staff is super friendly and the prices are a nice break from the typical overpriced Vegas food.  And this was probably the best meal I had during my stay in Vegas... and the cheapest... and no ditzy waitresses/waiters.  Woot.
4	Spicy and good quality!  My friend and I love Indian food.  I wanted to bring some over her house to cheer her up.  Usually, I would have hit Namaste (which is not far from my work), but they don't open until 5:30.  So, I thought I would try Mint.  I got the "Indian Dinner."  Honestly, I can't say that I knew all of the things that I was eating, but yum!!
4	4.5 stars!Came on Saturday for the lunch buffet and was happy to walk in and see quite a few tables of Indian patrons.  That lets me know that the flavors are authentic and it was.  Even my cousin who spent some time in India was impressed with the quality, flavors, and selection.  The buffet consists of a mixture of North and South Indian dishes, and every dish tastes so distinct with it's robust spices and flavors. The vegetarian dishes are so flavorful they have the power to convert any carnivore. After devouring 2 full plates, another cousin even made the comment "I am willing to become obese for this". That, in itself, is a testament to the deliciousness of Mint Bistro.  We actually had to practice some restraint from consuming the entire buffet ourselves.  We will definitely be back.
5	We cannot go anywhere in our travels without trying an Indian Buffet.  I have not had a chance to review the Mint Indian Bistro since our last visit to Vegas, so better late than never.  Surprisingly, the experience is "minty" fresh on my mind so I still remember the taste, smells and excellent hospitality.  The variety of food was excellent and more that enough choices were presented for meat and vegetables and the Pakoras were fresh and not overly greasy.  I was both surprised and delighted by the inclusion of eggplant in the vegetable Pakora medley.  Chicken Tika Masala was superb, and the goat curry was just like mamma used to make!   I even liked the Gulab Jamun which is not my favorite dessert, but somehow the Mint made it very tasty.  I always feel a little weird eating with my hands but I saw so many others here doing the same, so I dug in and was up to my elbows in delicious Indian Cuisine.  Maybe some things should stay in Vegas, but not food reviews, especially the Mint, it needs to be shared and appreciated by one and all!
5	My husband and I ate here on our way home from Vegas. I looked for an Indian restaurant on Yelp with good reviews and Yelp saved the day again by leading us to this wonderful gem. They have meat, vegetarian and vegan options. The buffet was huge and delicious. Everything is clearly labeled whether it's vegan or vegetarian, too, which was so helpful. I could only wish to find this wonderful of a vegan friendly Indian restaurant in L.A. I am on the hunt! I will be eating here everytime I visit Vegas!
5	dosas!!!!!!!!!
5	Ever since my beloved Bollywood seemed to take a turn for the worse a couple years ago, my husband and I decided to change it up and give Mint a try. Um, I may have been back here 20 (or 30) times since then. They always start you off with free (and yummy) papadum with mint and tamarind sauces. Their mango lassis are soooo good and the lychee lassi that my husband randomly tried one day was pretty tasty as well. I'm boring and always order the same thing: saag paneer. Theirs never disappoints, however. And you get lots of paneer which makes me extra happy. We've also had the korma and saffron cauliflower and they are both great as well. I have dreams of the garlic naan. I would say that the samosas are not so great, and if I was rating this by the buffet only (and the vegetarian food only), I would probably give it 3-stars. Maybe non-veg have a better experience at the buffet, but I'm not sure. We wanted to try a new Indian place one Sunday afternoon, but got fed up because they are all closed between the hours of 2-5. So we finally decided to go to our old staple, Mint, for the buffet. We had to laugh because the place was jam packed with Indian customers... we said that all the other restaurants must close to come eat at Mint for a late lunch. Most days the food is amazing and occasionally it's just good. Some days the "medium" spiciness is too mild and sometimes its too hot. But we've never had a bad experience here and the staff are wonderful and very friendly. Definitely give it a try, and seriously... order a mango lassi. Note: their menu specifically states what items are vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free. They even have vegan lassis! And they also have a great beer selection.
5	Very good! The lamb was moist and just fell apart in my mouth.  Will visit again!
4	Visiting Mint Indian Bistro two weeks in a row definitely warrants a review!Our first visit was at dinnertime and we were utilizing our Entertainment Book coupon.  For the Husband and I, we ordered:* Karma Korma "A creamy sauce sprinkled with nuts and assorted Himalayan spices." (with fresh veggies $12.99) - * Rebel Curry "This is the Nepalese Gurkha version of the famous curry with a rebelliously inspired exotic blend of curry spices." (with lamb $13.99)* Garlic Naan ($2.99)One thing I absolutely love are papadums and was so pleasantly surprised when they offered these to us complimentary!  (Other Indian restaurants don't offer it complimentary anymore!)  Both entrees were so flavorful and just delicious that we couldn't resist checking out their ever so popular lunch buffet option.  The daily lunch buffet is $9.99 with kids 3 and under being free.  (Ages 4 to 7 years are $5.99.)  It's offered from 11:30 am to 3:00 pm.One thing I appreciated was that they noted what food items were vegetarian and vegan.  As someone who recently stopped eating dairy, I found this very useful.When ordering naan, I was able to get this sans butter, which was quite appreciative in my situation.  And with my  new dietary restrictions, I was still able to enjoy quite a lot of food items and left feeling full and satisfied! Their buffet menu can be found on their website, but it does change. Overall, we were both quite content with their food, a la carte or buffet.  Definitely one of the better Indian buffets in town, especially if you're looking for a vegetarian, vegan, or gluten-free menu!
4	Good food, no parking problem. One of the best Indian restaurants in Vegas.
1	I had such high hopes for this place =(My boyfriend and I stopped here after hearing that they had a lot of vegan options on their menu. First of all, it was FREEZING  inside. SO cold that I had to ask for a cup of tea because I was getting tired of sitting with goosebumps. We were both hungry, and got the Vegan Sampler ($26.99). I got a cup of tea and we got a side of garlic naan.The garlic naan wasn't naan. It was just flatbread (roti) with WAY too much garlic pushed into the top.  Neither my boyfriend nor I could stomach that much garlic, and that's saying a lot coming from two garlic fiends.The vegan sampler was so small...for $26.99 we were expecting something to feed two people. It was more like for one person. You get a small, 1/2 cup serving of 6 vegan dishes, including 1-2 cups of cooked white rice. It was not enough by any means. It was supposed to come with a side of coconut sorbet, but it never came. We were told they had replaced it with the "carrot pudding" that was on our sampler. We didn't want that....we wanted the coconut sorbet! SO disappointed.Way too expensive for the amount of food you get. My bill of $38.00 shouldn't have left us leaving still HUNGRY. My tea cost $5.99. For one tea bag. Never going back.
2	A group of friends and I have a food club, where we get together every two weeks and take turns picking new restaurants to try. Being a huge Indian food fan, I was ecstatic to hear that someone had finally picked an Indian restaurant.The service we received was great. My friend had informed the owner what it was we were doing, and he was more than accommodating. He sat down with us and we were able to talk to him about the restaurant which is really nice. The food, however, was so disappointing. Two of us split the Indian sampler, as it was advertised that it was "Perfect for two to share or one to feast on." Naturally, I was expecting a bunch of food. To my disappoint, when the platter came out - it was nothing more than barely a half cup of each item. It was not enough to satisfy one persons' hunger, let alone enough for two to share. We had even ordered an extra side of naan. It was sad to say, we had more naan than food to eat it with. It's a sad, sad day when that happens. I will say, their mango lassi was good.A majority of my group was disappointed, just as I was, in the food to price proportions. Although, many of them left full, unlike myself - the price they paid for the food wasn't sitting too well with them. But who can blame em? My friend and I spent about 40 dollars between the two of us, to leave the place completely dissatisfied and hungry. Needless to say, when we left the restaurant, the first place I headed to was the Jack in the Box in the same parking lot.
5	And then I went to Mint Indian Bistro in Las Vegas!I tend to be quite the elitist when it comes to Indian food, because I come from a family in the Indian restaurant business. My Aunt and  Grandmother have a joint in the Valley (LA), which I will not review because that would be biased. I'm cool like that.In any case, this place is the jam when it comes to Indian food. Seriously. I walked in with my parents, since we were in the mood for a spicy, delicious feast. I hopped on Yelp and saw reviews from my friends Matthew C., Misti Y., Adina C., Jade W. and the list goes on. These are friends in real life, so I know their 5-star reviews are legit.The restaurant is nice. Very nice. Clean. Dimly lit. Large booths. Very comfortable chairs. And the aroma of Indian food is in the air. It's like a wet dream that you never wake up from. Until you are done with your meal, pay the bill and walk out the door.The menu is quite diverse for an Indian joint. They have south Indian fare like dosas, bhel puri and the like. You also have choices of Nepali-inspired dishes (tend to be on the spicier side). When you place your order, the server punches everything into an iPhone. Kudos for being high tech.We ordered the Daal Tarka (yellow lentils--full order), the Nepali Chili Chicken (spicy), and the Malai Kofta (half order), some roti, and rice.Love the papad, and chutneys that magically show up before your food.Now earlier, I went on and on about how this was a wet dream of a restaurant....the food was the one tugging at you. Definitely the star of the show. The chicken blew my mind. So great, and was like a sensual symphony in my face. Although I asked for it spicy (he probably thought I couldnt handle it), it came out medium (which might be spicy to those of you lacking melanin) Who cares? It was fucking unreal. So delicious. The daal was perfect. Not too much in spice, so you really got the flavor of the lentils! The full portion is quite large. Go with a half.Malai Kofta! This was fantastic too. Typically restaurants will use a heavy cream in the recipe, and this dish can be unnecessarily unhealthy and heavy. The subtle hint of coconut milk helped make this a fantastic item on the menu.Yes, ladies and gentlemen of Yelp. This place is a 5 star Indian restaurant. I am coming back, many, many times. Aside from the restaurant in my family, and India Palace in Memphis, TN, this is THE BEST INDIAN RESTAURANT, I've ever dined at. And, I am Indian.Don't waste your time at Gandhi, Origin India, Mt. Everest or others.MINT!! MINT!!! MINT!!!!
5	My friends and I decided not to go to a buffet, because one of us was a vegetarian.We ordered the Indian sampler and another dish for 4 of us. Everything was so delicious and filling. YUMM!!!
5	I went here with some friends during our recent vegas stay. It was really awesome. Going to vegas, people always rave about the food, but I've never really found anything food wise that I cant live without.I am a vegetarian for almost 9 years now and most buffets are meat/seafood heavy and I just don't see the value in paying for salad.  That makes indian food a really attractive option for me. I was with 7 other people and we settled on indian after a little bit of back and forth negotiations.I am really glad we did!  First, its a little off the strip so parking was easy to find.  Coming with 8 people isn't always easy to accommodate without reservations but Mint was more than accommodating.  We had excellent service.  We had a free appetizer and our glasses were always filled before we had to ask. The menu was fairly extensive.  There were a lot of options, including many of the traditional indian favorites: naan, kormas, masalas, etc.The portions were generous, served quickly and hot.  My veggie korma was really good.  All around everyone was very happy with the dishes they ordered. Some of the items we ordered included: Veggie KormaLamb KormaNaan- Garlic and PlainRiceDinner special menu set 1Mango LassisAnd Chicken Masala. The korma was smooth and not gritty.  Gritty korma is a pet peeve of mine.  The dinner set came in traditional metal serving trays with many little sides.  They didn't make a fuss in my request to substitute 2 of the meat options for vegetarian options.  The vegetables were cooked correctly and not mushy/overcooked.  The spice level was low for me but I also have a very high spice tolerance.  Everyone else seemed to think it was around medium spicy. We split the check in 2, which they didn't give us any heartache about.I'd recommend it as a nice, calm place to get a solid, tasty, dinner while in Vegas- especially if you have a larger group and don't want to fight with the long lines at buffets.  Also Mint is really vegetarian friendly.  All in all, a great experience. =)
5	Very good food, excellent service. I'm planning on coming back for the lunch buffet. If you ask, you can get Gluten-Free Roti (bread) made from Buckwheat. Also our waiter asked how spicy I wanted my dishes, which I thought was great. I got 7/10 and it was pretty darn hot and I like it spicy.
5	Terrific Indian fare with great ambiance and plating. If you are going on a date and you want Indian food, this is a great place to go.
4	An interesting mix if Indian and Nepalese food.  It's a small place in a strip mall but worth trying.  The service is friendly and we met one of the owners (or managers?) who was from the Bay Area and chatted about Indian restaurants back home.  Tikka Masala and Butter chicken are tasty but not at the level of my favorite in SF (Mehfil).  Best I've had in Vegas so far.
5	I don't typically write review updates this quick, nor do I usually write another 5 star review for a place I absolutely love. There's no point in beating a dead horse, but I popped in for the lunch buffet at Mint Indian Bistro with my Dad yesterday and it blew my mind!Indian lunch buffets are usually pretty sketch. In most cases, it's the food leftover from the night before, and it's obvious. Not the case here.Every single item in the line was FRESH, DELICIOUS, and tasted as if had been made right there and then. I know this because I had been here for dinner just a couple weeks back, so I could judge accordingly.I sampled a little bit of everything. The Chili Chicken, the Tikka Masala, Chicken Pakorda, Saag, Daal Tarka, the Idli Sambar....mmmmmm!For 10 bucks, this really is the best lunch in all of Las Vegas! You get a ton of food and it's delicious. If you have Vegan or Vegetarian friends, there are plenty of options in the buffet line as well. Everything is clearly marked, so there is no hanky panky.Service was great, just like last time.I can't wait to come back.In closing, no need to worry about the lunch buffet here. It's just as good as the a la cart menu.Feel free to eat your meals with your hands, and use the bathrooms afterwards to wash up. The bathrooms are spotless here!
4	Overall: Great Indian food at a reasonable price.My boyfriend and I had a hankering for Indian food the last time we were in Vegas and with all the good reviews on Yelp we decided to try the Indian Mint Bistro.When we placed our order the server was playing with his iPhone while taking our drink orders. I thought this was a bit rude but he explained that they have an app to place orders. Pretty cool. We started off with a salty mango lassi which was delicious.For our main course we ordered the Indian Sampler ($30.99) that featured garlic naan, veg pakodas, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, tandoori chicken, mixed veg curry, lentils, yogurt, rice, and a milky rice pudding (khir). We liked the idea of having a little taste of everything and boy did we! The food was outstanding, but the servings were kind of small. I was satisfied, but my boyfriend could have eaten more. They did bring out more rice when they saw we were getting low.  Tip: They also serve Halal meats and they will call a cab for you when your meal is over.
4	Ahhh....Las Vegas.  Being from another city, I imagined the entire culinary landscape bereft of anything not bearing crab legs or all you can eat prime rib.  I'm not sure why I had this thought, but I did.  I admit it.  However, thanks to the aggregated ratings and reviews of my fellow internet users, my wife and I discovered this assumption shattering tastiness.  It's a great location, away from the strip, and the interior is classy and understated.  (Though to be fair, being understated is easy to do in a city full of flashing lights and incessant beeping)  Sure, we waited a bit, but it was Saturday night.  The food more than made up for it.  We had a sampler platter, which came with garlic Nan, delicious tandoori chicken, daal, biryani, and yogurt.  Everything was prepared with delicacy and care, and as a regular consumer of Indian food, I was more than pleased with the quality.  Next time I go back, I will have to try out some of the Nepalese selections available.  They looked amazing.  Significantly more enticing than endless prime rib.
4	It was kind of freaky walking in at 7:40pm to an empty restaurant, but we braved it and stayed.  And it was wonderfully yummy!  Like Sara M., I also thought our waiter was being kind of rude playing with his phone when he approached our table to take our order, but I realized he was using his phone for ordering, what a cute little trick.  I'm glad I refrained from scolding him before I knew what he was doing, because I know you NEVER want to piss off your waiter BEFORE you get your food.  We had the normal stuff--garlic naan, saag paneer, and chicken tikka masala and a large Kingfisher.  All was so great, we are looking forward to coming back next year.  The only disappointment was that the naan was not part of the meal, we had to order it separately, and they gave us a double order because we both said naan.  We ate lots of naan.  'Erp.And the restaurant did get busier, 3 more tables walked in after us.  It was a Monday, after all.   Service was EXTREMELY polite as well.  We hope to see you next year, Mint!  (so please don't close.)
5	Great service and food was fantastic. Lunch buffet is a bit small,  but well worth it.  Definitely one of my favorite lunch spots.
3	Not worth the trouble! The wait here is crazy and the service is mediocre. The food was good, although spicier than I am used to. I think I'll stick with India Palace instead. They have better food and better service.
5	Our absolute favorite lunch spot!! We go almost every week and it's always busy and delicious!! The naan is amazing and the lunch buffet is amazing! We will miss our weekly Indian food lunch!!
4	Love the buffet. Have not ordered anything from the menu, but really love the buffet too much to try anything else : ) The food is great, and I love the fusion of (what I believe to be chow Mein with tandoor chicken and spices!) Everything tastes fresh, and the service is friendly. A must try if you enjoy Indian buffets!
4	I went into this place mainly because it was not too far away from my hotel and a quick glance of reviews that told me that this place was going to be ok,   This place serves a combination of Indian and Nepali food (Nepali food gets branded as indian food -even though I feel that Nepali food is more lamb and lentil(pulse) based). I loved their unique drink menu. I don't think I have seen spiked Lassis before and that definitely was the highlight of my eating activity there.  We ordered Sambosas for appetizer followed by a few vegetarian entries. Food overall tasted real good and the spice level was almost to the level we ordered  (one was ordered spicy and was mostly spicy and the other was mild). I will definitely stop here on my next trip to vegas.
2	Another Lunch for 1 please. I went here on a Tuesday for the $9.99 Lunch Buffet. I got... Basmati rice: good Garlic Naan: good Chicken tikka masala: Cubed chicken breast was a bit on the dry side Chicken tandori: Flavorful Chicken pakoda: Basically battered, fried chicken I can't remember the name of the noddles I had, but they were vegetarian and super spicy. All in all, it was alright. Good variety of items, with descriptions of what sauces they would go well with and if they were vegan/vegetarian.
4	Mint Indian Bistro is an interesting spot. It's not like most Indian places I'm used to. A little more upscale, a little more gourmet, a little more... well... different. My paradigm for Indian food is, in general, that the best food comes from the dingiest places - so a proportionally inverse relationship between the fanciness of the decor and the quality of the food (from the standpoint of taste). When I walked in to Mint I immediately formed an impression about what I was going to eat, and I was not too surprised in the end. Just glad to have some decent Indian food since I come from a place that has none. The food at Mint falls into the higher-end category - better meats, obviously more hand-made sauces, etc. Not as dirty, earthy, pungent, and 'street' as the style that really rocks my socks. But it's good nonetheless, and sticks fairly well to form as being actual Indian and not fusion, which is what I tend to see at higher-end Indian places. I sampled the chicken Vindaloo, which at a half order contained a surprising amount of tender, succulent chicken but not the same amount of potatoes that I'm used to. It has a decent heat to it but not quite the "fiery descent" that's comically described on the menu. The Saag Paneer is quite nice, with a less 'spinach-y' flavor than I'm used to. A much more subtle and balanced version of the heady green beast. The name of our third curry escapes me - a blond affair with veggies. Nice and creamy and delicious - probably my favorite of the three. Paired up with a bowl of basmati rice and a basket of Roti, 3 half-sized (8oz) dishes makes for a beyond-filling meal for two. Props for offering half-size portions... if only the price were half too!The drinks list is mighty impressive, with a very extensive beer selection, some fun cocktails including a whole spate of flavored lassi offerings, and of course wine. My rose vodka lassi was interesting (tasted like rose!) and the mango rum is exactly what you'd expect. Three half-plates, Roti and two lassi cocktails came to a sum total of $54, kind of a lot for the amount of food, but definitely a higher quality of ingredients than I'm used to seeing in the street Indian I usually seek out. The experience, including the impeccable service, also adds in to the value. Papadam to start, clean plates to transition from papadam to meal, and constantly full waters. This is probably the largest departure from the dirty hole in the wall spots I hit in SF for my sub-continent fix. I'd definitely come back after spending some more time exploring Indian options in LV.
4	I love the lunch buffet.  Tons of food and I like that they bring out fresh naan.  The chicken masala and basmati rice are my favorites.  The only thing that is lacking is true raita.  They have yogurt sauce but it's just not the same.  So I have to go to India Palace for my raita fix.  Still very good, friendly prompt service.  Every so often I hopefully check to see if 9091 has reopened and end up here.  It does quite nicely.
5	Delicious!  Interesting selection of Indian and Belgian beers. Gluten free and vegetarian/vegan options. Chicken vindaloo and buttered naan highly recommended. Friendly and attentive service.
3	Eh, nothing screams "I must come back here". Was anything wrong? Not really. Was anything great? Yes, fresh naan of your choice. But now do we go to Indian restaurants for the naan alone? No. They have a lot of vegan choices on the buffet, which I certainly wasn't there for. I enjoyed their version of chicken tikka masala. It was lighter, had chunks of tomato in it. I didn't feel super guilty eating it. My husband did not like it as much as the creamier versions. I enjoyed the chicken chili, nice and spicy. First time I ever had chicken chili at an Indian restaurant. The restaurant was clean, with newer furniture. So anyhow, we will not be back. There are at least two other Indian restaurants in Vegas that my husband and I prefer. Check it out if you feel like it, if you don't, no loss.
3	food was good, but the service took forever, portions weren't very big either - was excited to go after reading all the reviews, and instead got on the road back to cali pretty late and still hungry. maybe save this place for a night you're still in vegas instead of on the way out
4	Stopped by Mint based on the reviews here while in Vegas. Interesting menu (want it with meat? Vegan? Just vegetarian? Just ask!) so I tried some things I don't usually order at other Indian restaurants - a noodle dish called Chau Chau, Rebel Chicken Curry, and dal soup. Everything was very good - very different mix of spices than I'm used to at other Indian restaurants, and obviously freshly prepared.  The only negative was that one person in my party ordered channa masala mild, and it came out quite spicy (and she wimped out and didn't send it back).
4	It was a good experience for me and my family. We tried the Lunch buffet. The food was good and was quite cheap.
5	I never really had Indian food in Vegas, but wanted to try some nice place. The reviews for this place and Tamba were nice, but wanted to find some place off the strip and with easy parking so picked Mint.The place looks little shady from outside, the plaza was dark and the restaurant did not seem very brightly lit from outside. But don't worry it's a great place from inside. The decor is nice and upscale. It's a quite place, with comfortable seating. The lights could be brighter. There were few other table's occupied (All by Indians) - A good sight if you are looking for true Indian spicy food and not tamed down for the American population. The waiter was nice, pleasant and took out his iPhone while talking to us. Realized within minutes he was noting down our order with an app from the app store. Also said they own a software company and are going to start using their own app in some time.Coming to the main part! FOOD! It was really good. We ordered Mint Lassi and Masala Chhas. Both were very Indian and really tasty. Their Menu is very well organized. Great for Vegetarians and Vegans since each item says if its good for vegetarians or vegans. Very happy to see how they describe each item in the menu really well. One of the best organized Menu's among all restaurants (Comparing to all Indian, American etc. restaurants).For the main course we ordered Paneer Makhani, Daal Makhani and Chole With Naans. Everything was really good. Daal Was very tasty, although the color might make you think its not the best, but trust me the taste is nothing short of what you find back home. Naan's were also very good. They also have Nepalese  food but did not try it, but would love to try that too. Overall great place if you are looking for true Indian Food. Would definitely go back again.
4	I only like this place because I am Indian and they serve good authentic Indian food.  Haha.
3	Nice decor, ok service (example: we ordered extra rice and our waiter forgot about us and we had to ask the next waiter who wandered by 10 minutes later if he could bring us some), tasty food. I'm not too sure on the value as my husband and I shared the Indian sampler plate which was all pretty tasty, but wasn't exactly a ton of food for two people (even though the menu indicated it would be plenty). But maybe I'm just used to having tasty leftovers to take home when I go out for Indian... hmm.I'm gonna have to update my review after I try the buffet, because I've heard good things. For now, Mint remains a solid option for Indian food in Vegas, but nothing really mind-blowing.
5	If you are in Vegas and looking for Indian food and don't go here you're not living life correctly.
5	went for lunch buffet. it's great.lots of food selection.they even have lamb and it's cook and seasoned nicely.and 3 different kind of hot soup.they only thing that I didn't like about the naan is that it's a bit under cooked.looks really white and I like my naan to be brown. (slightly burned)
4	I went there for launch.  Their service was very good. They greet and sit me right away and cleared the empty dishes of my table every time I had finished unlike many places that let it linger there forever. Although it was a buffet, the food was fresh and tasty. They offered good selection of vegetarian and meet items.  In general the atmosphere in that place is good. I will go back. I gave them only four stars because I went for their launch buffet not dinner. Therefore, it will be wrong for me to give them full credit. but I might will, after I'll go there for dinner.
4	We made a reservation last night for 8pm on the OpenTable app while we were out running errands. When we arrived, every table was full and the manager expressed that he thought the reservation was for 8:30. I pulled up the email and he apologized profusely. They seated us to the side with menus while they figured out where to put us. The manager continuously apologized and we were seated within 20 minutes of our reservation, with drinks (which we ordered while we were waiting) and papadum arriving quickly. My husband is still coming to terms with Indian food (he was convinced he hated it when what he really dislikes is curry, so he's been slowly discovering things that aren't curry), so we ordered the Indian sampler to give him the widest range of options. At least one other reviewer suggested that this wasn't enough food for two, but we found it to be more than worthwhile. True, there were no leftovers, but that isn't what we were expecting. The tray is artfully presented. Each item comes in its own small, circular metal container with naan in the center and extra rice on the side. The containers are easy to pick up, which is really useful when sharing. There isn't really enough naan for two, but our second order came out fast and warm.Everything expect the vegetable curry was a little mild for my taste, but that was the price I paid for sharing with someone who asked for medium.I had the lychee rum lassi. I really like the idea of alcoholic lassis, but the lychee flavor was a little mild. I think I'll start with a stronger base flavor next time. Lychee was too delicate.I had the lunch buffet a while ago and came back based on that. It was definitely worth it.They did rush us out without be drink menu I asked for after we finished our khir, but when I saw the grandmas in saris sitting outside in a line about five tables deep, I decided that my darjeeling would be just as good brewed at home. They were apparently the place to be on Christmas Eve.
4	Waited for 10 minutes despite reservation.  No problem, but at least they could have offered us something to drink.  The host and others were very nice and cordial.  We ordered and waited 40 minutes for our food.  It was myself, my wife and our little boy.  The food was awesome.  They were a little skimpy with the Basmati rice and brought some more when we asked.  The beer selection is impressive.  We will go back.
5	I came here for the great lunch buffet we have been hearing about on yelp.  Let me say it is true.  Great service and a great line of food.  The salads were great, but do not be tricked with the spiciness of some of the peppers.  I was tricked by thinking it was a bell pepper, but after five minutes of crying, I have learned my lesson to chew more no matter how hungry you are.  The curries were delectable.  The goat was especially wonderful.  The soups were good.  My favorite was the tomato.  The others made me feel like it was lacking something.  The naan was great.  The misses liked the garlic one while I liked the original.  Although we came early, before they opened, they let us come inside away from the cold and sit while they finished preparing the buffet for us.  The service was wonderful.  I love how their menus have descriptions of everything.  From the ingredients to the drinks to the little anecdotes about how particular drinks were not really Indian.  When I come back to Vegas and I am craving Indian, I am coming back to this place again!
5	If you like Indian food, you MUST try this place out.  BEST Indian lunch buffet you'd every get for $9.99!!!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=C-4_Sty9KaYPEFTIugumEghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=MqHNz380wuIl0CRBnIwbPAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=rW4XgF2v6TlLAlLlP-w_5whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=Rh-nqM059aha5VQk8KOBOQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=pB8-Xqx6-Dmxl0D00fBqkghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=p64zLEyMMnAA8cJU7M96iwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=Bk8D407zNs5eDgSDWi-h2gwww.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=xcmxpP3nOszlom9jQwHs7Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UV2Jt8slktGu14gLZeNCjA?select=cIU2s6vHL7LHByxfwjvcEwThe variety is unbelievable, including several chicken and lamb dishes but also many vegetarian ones.  I've never seen an Indian buffet with that big of a spread!  There is also a salad bar.  Everything was delicious!  The Garlic Naan was out of this world!  The chicken curry and fried chicken (strip) were very yummy and the chicken tandoori was the best I've ever had!  They even have desserts!Love, love this place!  You will, too!
5	Dinner review. Excellent staff - humble, paid the right amount of attention to me. Excellent food: I had the sauteed cauliflower and potato vegetarian dish. Try the ESH 28, a german beer - a strong beer with a very smooth taste.
5	Simply just delicious Indian food. The owner Kris is very attentive.
5	Unbelievably great Indian restaurant. Hip, classy, reasonably priced, and the food is outstanding. Everything in this place is really well put-together; even the menu is a delight to read (the beverage section says something like, "while we're waiting for the Himalayan snow to melt, perhaps you'd enjoy some of our other water selections..."The Indian sampler was so tasty, with a wide variety of dishes and perfect proportions (the perfect dish for a first date). The Mango Lassi was flavorful but not too sweet. The organic tomato soup is unlike any tomato soup I've ever had.The owner stopped by our table, and it was clear how much pride and thought he had put into the restaurant. I plan to return to Mint Indian Bistro every time I go back to Las Vegas.
5	The food here is absolutely delicious. I highly recommend the lunch buffet, since you get to try so many of their dishes. As a vegetarian/semi-vegan, I also appreciate the variety of veg options available, as well as the labels they have on the buffet line noting if foods are vegetarian or vegan.The staff is very nice as well. Recently my boyfriend and I arrived just before the lunch buffet was scheduled to close, but they said we could do the buffet anyway, and even brought us some vegan naan!
4	Solid 4 stars!Is nice to get away from the strip if you're there for an entire week!!! The ambiance here is great! Very calm and the service is great. They are so high tech! The waiter took our orders with his iphone and it was submitted into the kitchen! He said the owner created an app. Genius!  You can never go wrong with Tikka Masala!! We came here for dinner with a party of five. No buffet--a la carte. We ordered an assortment of dishes, but my favorite was the tikka masala with garlic naan. I also ordered the peach lassi, which was pretty good. It tasted like a peach yoplait! hahahaOh, I forgot to mention, but they have a GREAT, extensive selection of alcoholic beverages!!!
4	The best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas so far. Don't get me wrong, Mint Bistro's food is not the best Indian food one can find, but well above, for instance, Gandhi Indian Bistro, which is just a short distance to the west.Four stars is probably a little high for the food, more like three and one-half. The cons: in every chicken dish that I've tried, the chicken is overcooked. I routinely expect that in chicken tandoori, but not in tikka masala, or even the chicken chili at Mint Bistro. Additionally, the food is definitely toned down for American tastes. I have to load up on the chili paste at the salad bar.I do the recommend the chutneys here, all of them but especially the mint and coconut chutneys.The service and smiles on the staff merit five stars. I like to see happy people in a restaurant. That makes me believe the management cares enough to consistently produce a good product.Finally, the beer selection is very good, though for some odd reason, Mint Bistro carries no American beers, not even some of the premium micro-brews.I definitely recommend Mint Bistro and my criticisms are only offered in the hope that the management will strive to improve the minor deficiencies I have listed.
4	this place is not to shabby. went for the lunch buffet which was good. the quality of the food was pretty good. the service was great. wish they had more of a variety. meaning not the same type of food everyday, (ate here about 2 different times). the naan here seems to be doughy. its a thick piece, im not sure if they make it like this because they are from a different region but i've had some where it was more on the thinner side. wouldn't mind coming here again. definitely enjoyed my food here.
4	Lunch buffet is relishing here,each dish has its own richness!! Also, versatile range of buffet dishes allows you pamper your cravings to the core.Right from the ambience to the food,its worth to be there!!Good work..:)
4	This is a nice little Indian Restaurant not far from the Strip.  The decor is hip, the workers are polite, and the lunch buffet is delicious.   The price is $9.99 and they usually have a good variety of indian dishes.  If they have Tikka Masala, it is usually watered down... but everthing else is good, especially the Chicken Pakora.   I like the salad area, where they have some nice chutneys.   The nan is good, but they don't always ask if you want more.....and sometimes they get busy and don't refill your water... and if you have a burn going..... that could be dangerous.  Of all the indian restaurants near the strip, this is probably the best.  This place can get full very fast, because it is small.   Parking is not so good, as it is in a busy little strip of stores.  They open at 11:30.   Enjoy!
3	This place wasn't Mint when I originally reviewed it so it isn't fair that they get the reviews grandfathered to them when this business was called "Himalayan something something".  Decent buffet.  4 stars if you eat meat but 3 if you don't.  They do offer a few unique dishes I don't see at any other Indian buffet like their version of lo mein, chaat and 3 kinds of naan and soup.  I just prefer the overall selection a little more at other places.
5	Move over Namaste - there is a new Indian Buffet Champ in town or maybe I'm just way too late discovering...I knew I was in the right place when we walked in to a filled up buffet at 1pm Saturday, hall full of Indians.  They brought us a pitcher of water and asked what kind of naan we'd like between regular, butter, or garlic.  I know a few places that bring your naan fresh table side but this is the first that offers you a selection.Their buffet selections also provided some refreshing new items such as the their Chicken Chili, a Saag which wasn't your standard spinach but a combination of flavorful veggies, and a ridciculously tasty Goat curry which i proceeded to get 3 plates of.I passed out for 3 hours after eating their buffet and can't wait to use my Restaurant.Com coupon for dinner as you can't use for their lunch buffet.I was thoroughly impressed with their buffet and know dinner will only be better.  Definitely check it out.
4	Came here NY day to celebrate my friends engagement.  Kind of a random location, but not far from the Tuscany (which I love).  Had the lunch buffet and everything was very good.  There were also a lot of Indian people, so you know that's a good sign too.  They have a little bit of everything to suit all tastes and spice levels.
4	I love the Mint!Not much to say that hasn't already been said.Many vegetarian and vegan options (and labelled as such!).The menu itself is an enjoyable read - very cleverly written.My most recent visit was on Valentines Day 2012, when they had a pre-fixe menu - which was a four-course meal with several options for each course. At $40 per person, not including drinks, this was a more expensive meal than the usual dinner here. If anything, there was too much food, but I love leftovers for breakfast, so I'm okay with that.The meal was delicious as always, the waitstaff friendly and prompt - especially considering how slammed they were on this big dining-out night.Two special little treats were the Rose Mintini - a slightly sweet, rose-flavored cocktail that was a perfect compliment to the spicy fare - and the kulfi, which was a cardamom flavored cross between rice pudding and ice-cream. Extremely rich and flavorful, it was served in tiny cups, but was creamy and wonderful - and just the perfect treat to end a lovely meal.
5	My husband and I went here for Valentine's Day while in Las Vegas.  We were blown away with how amazing our night was!  The service is nonpareil.  Before we even arrived at the restaurant, someone gave us a call to let us know that the menu was prix fixe and wanted to let us know that we can look on the website to make sure that we were still interested.  And, once there, the staff were all very attentive and we didn't have to wait long for any of our courses to come.There are many vegetarian options and each course was, quite easily, the best Indian food that we've ever had.  The Mango Lassi is also quite enjoyable.We will definitely always come back to Mint whenever we're in the area!
5	This restaurant is a gem. The daily brunch is a steal! It includes a variety of meat & vegetarian entrees from throughout India and Nepal.  While many others already have reviewed this restaurant, since this is possibly my favorite restaurant, I wanted to add my applause.
4	Great place to sit down and enjoy great quality food. New Menu and great selections are now available. Was not too impressed with the service this time. Usually pretty good yet today was rather disappointed.
5	Very good food and prompt service. Lamb Khorma is amazing. waiter  had exceptional recommendations and could explain the spicy index to my wife. Ask about the beers bc they are unique.
4	Out of all the Indian restaurants in the Las Vegas area this one is my favorite.  I have never had a dish that I didn't love and service has always been great
5	The best Indian food in Las Vegas. Tons of Vegetarian and vegan options. Tons of chicken and lamb options. If you have never tried Indian food, there are several options that will get you introduced  to it with familiar flavors. They really do have something for everyone. They have easy to read descriptions and so many different flavors to choose and love. They only think that isn't 5 stars is the cocktail menu. The descriptions are nice but the flavor is just OK. Stick to the virgin Lassi or their nice beer selection for better options.It has been fairly or very quiet every time I have gone and the service is always friendly and excellent.  You can control the spice of your food as well on a 1 to 10 scale. I usually go with an 8 or 9 depending on the dish. Good spice with excellent flavor. Great for a date night or to try somewhere new.  Food is 4-5 every time, Drinks are 3 to 5 and service has been 5 every time so a 5 it is for being the best Indian food in Vegas.
3	The food was pretty good. The dosa and nan were very good. The lamb vindaloo and chicken tiki masala were just okay. Certainly not bad but not the best I have tried for sure. The service was very slow.  It took 45 minutes from when we ordered to get our food, that's not an exaggeration.
5	We had dinner at Mint tonight and it was amazing! We had a few items:Potato and Pea Samosas - these were ok, a little too much seasoning for my liking. Vindaloo (chicken thighs) - Full portion - very good with a tomato base. It was a great recommendation by the waiterTikka Masala (chicken) - *our favorite* - this was the best Tikka Masala we have ever had.  It was absolutely delicious.  We also had a full portion of this. Garlic Naan - also SO yummy! Between all of this food, my hubby and I were stuffed. We could have even passed on the samosas and been more than full. The staff was also very attentive, and although the restaurant was packed, we only waited about 10 minutes for a table.  Overall, thanks Yelpers for all the great reviews! It was a fantastic choice for dinner.
5	Best indian buffet in las vegas and top ten in the country yes indeed. Good selection but much more authentic than the usual buffet fare and the honey ball desert is to die for! did i mention the endless naan?
5	This place was so good!! The decor was chic and the service staff was very nice and helpful. The menu was huge (sometimes a bad sign) but everything we ordered & every dish that passed our table looked and smelled delicious. We had been craving Indian food, so before we stepped foot in the restaurant, we already knew we were going to order momo and chicken tikka masala. Lucky for us, Wednesday happened to be chicken tikka masala night, which means if we bought one, we'd get the 2nd one half off. (You can choose the level of spiciness you prefer.) Along with the naan, this meal really hit the spot. I'm not from the area, but I will definitely come back here anytime I'm in Vegas again just to try more tasty dishes, especially those on the prix fixe menu!
5	Their buffet was the best amongst all in the sin city. Ambience and service was good and timely.
4	I am from NJ and an Indian. NJ has large Indian population, but there are only two restaurants that are good. I moved to LV two years ago and I had been trying out different Indian restaurants for sometime. When I went to mint for first time I thought that this was best Indian restaurant in LV apart from Namaste. I just could not believe that I've not written a review on this. So, here is my experience from last weekend.Last weekend I went to Mint with my friends and my gf. Some of them had never been to Indian restaurant. They were excited to try it out. So we ordered the following.Shrimp Khadhai - $19Chicken Tikka - $15Lamb Rebel Curry - $153 Butter Naan (my gf's favorite)- $91 Bhathura - $2.99Daal Mahkhni (lentils) - $13Chicken Biryani (fried rice) - $152 Chaat appetizer - $16We ordered everything very spicy and it was delicious, specially the shrimp khadhai. My mouth is watering just writing about it. Also, the free basmati rice that comes with the curries is very delicious and smells amazing. All the curries were amazing, the chicken biryani was little over cooked, but it was spiced well.My only complaint that I would have is that their full size portions are very small, and their full size portions are way smaller than their some restaurant's half sized. Now I know its a good trick to get your customers to buy more food, but i think they should be honest on their serving size. Final Bill was $140 plus $30 tip for 5 people. Not that bad, but we had to order more food and we did not order any alcohol.Positives  - Delicious food - Good Ambiance Negatives - Prices seem unreasonably high for the quantity of food. (I guess that's what happenes when a restaurant gets famous.)Overall,Its just as good as Namaste if not better. P.S.Their lunch buffet is good, but its not as good when you order of the menu.
4	Good food lunch buffet has food value.   Staff is helpful and polite.  Worth trying
5	Everytime i drive out to Vegas I HAVE to stop here.  Bar none. the BEST Indian food I've ever had and well... I'm a vegetarian. I eat a LOT of Indian food.  The greatest thing is they have all regions of Indian food so, you don't have to pick just one, you can have them ALL. Plus, the wait staff is super nice and willing to chat with you about the food.it's a little bit pricey, but even for the frugalest person it's worth EVERY STINKIN PENNY.
4	The place smells great when you go inside. Some of the best tarka dal I have ever had. My Karia was good, not spicy enough my friend had chicken vinaloo which was also tasty. The service was at a glacial pace.
5	My fave spot! We love their buffet options. They cater to your needs and service was superb. I have yet to try their DOSA Buffet on Sundays. Maybe soon!
5	Great Servers ;-) Delicious Food..Outstanding Owner ;-)
4	The food and service was wonderful. We had the vegan sampler for 2.  Way too much food and left very happily full.  Highly recommended.
3	After reading all the good reviews we came here because my wife was in the mood for Indian food.  Its not a big restaurant and It is a buffet.  The mother's day special included a mango lassi (yum!) and  a dolsa (a rolled up pancake with lentil in the middle).  The cold bar had varius kinds of churney, a salad, some fruit, and other sauces.  There were also 3 different kinds of soup.  A tomato soup that tasted a bit sour, a lentil based soup, and a spicy soup.Its got a lot of the standard Indian fare.  What stood out to me was the goat curry.  The goat meat was fall off the bone tender and the curry had an excellent flavor.  Also, the tandoori chicken was nice and juicy.... not dry like a lot of other joints.  The paneer sagg (a spinach and cheese dish) was also pretty good.There were some vegetarian dishes but being the carnivore that I am, I did not partake.  I got a taste of India without blowing out my palate on ridiculously spicy food.  That makes this a decent restaurant in my book.
4	Good food both in quality and taste.  The staff is friendly a well
4	There used to be a couple of wonderful Nepalese restaurants in the Detroit Metro area, and I've missed them sorely since they closed.  Mint's Nepalese offerings made this a must-stop place during business & pleasure trips to Vegas, and I've been here several times.  This latest visit in May of 2012 found Mint as more fusion-oriented than I remembered it; they appear to have dropped some of the Nepalese dishes, which made me sad.  However, we found a great deal at Mint to be happy about.1) Lassi bar.  Both my husband's mint lassi (not sweet) and my blackcurrant lassi (sweet) were sublime.  The color, the flavor, and the texture were all just perfect.  We did not have liquor in either lassi.2) Drinks list is extensive, with many beers I remember fondly from my visits, including a wonderful lambic, a beer named "Troubadour Obscura," and a bock that is probably one of the best beers I've ever tasted.3) Diverse menu-- mostly Indian with some Chinese, Tibetan, and Nepalese-influenced dishes-- with many can't-fail choices.I've enjoyed the "Rebel Curry" on a previous visit, but this time we had the momos-- delicate meat-filled dumplings similar to a potsticker, served with a spicy tomato-based sauce.  I had the tamarind rice, a vegetarian offering that worked well as an entree after the course of momos.  My husband had the chicken Chau Chau-- one of the Tibetan noodle dishes-- and a bowl of the delicious noodle soup.  I had the warm sweet carrot Halwa for dessert and my husband had kulfi; our two fellow guests, both newcomers to Tibetan and Nepalese food, both enjoyed the Chau Chau with shrimp and the lamb momos.  Service was spotty-- the server had to be asked three times to provide lemon wedges for our water, and frequently missed at least one person at our four-person table when providing refills or removing dishes.  And during almost every course-- beer, entree, dessert-- we encountered the news that something we'd ordered wasn't available at that moment (no Ras Malai or Hakka noodles), so each of were eating and drinking our "second best" picks for at least one course out of the menu.  The dessert I ordered wasn't available and the server took it upon himself to bring me out mango kulfi instead, which was a nice gesture but a terrible idea, as I am allergic to mangoes and had previously indicated I did not want mangoes in my iassi.  Dishes are presented attractively on four-cornered white plates but presentation isn't really exceptional.In spite of these hiccups, we had a very good time, which goes to show how excellent the food and drink here are.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be heading to Flamingo Rd for another lassi and a plate of momos.
4	Cool half moon booths. Great service and attentiveness of staff. Food was solid all around. Extensive menu, including Jain, Gluten free, Vegan, Vegetarian options. I had the lamb vindaloo which I give a 7 out of town. Naan was good. The owner was very interested in feedback and once he found out how much I love vindaloo asked me to come back and try it after he made some subtle changes to improve it. Orders were taken on ipads. I will be coming back, had a great experience overall.
2	Tandoori chicken was way too dry, definitely not cooked the same day. The easiest curry CTM was very disappointing. I am not coming again.
4	The advent and subsequent proliferation of the Indian buffet has been a boon to America.  Even back in my homeland of Kansas I was only blocks away from one.  Mint Indian Bistro fills the gap that my recent relocation created.Their masalas and curries are great and genuinely spicy.  They also have just as many vegetarian options as they do options for carnivores, which is a plus.  It also helps that these vegetarian options are tasty.Avoid any of their sauced dishes described as "bone-in" or "with bone".  Bone shards can be found throughout these dishes, and while tasty, a bone can be a real turn off texture wise if you don't break a tooth on it.  That said, this is a minor downside.Notes:  Baskets of naan like baskets of chips at a Mexican restaurant?  Oh hell yes.  Also, paneer varies from restaurant to restaurant.  The paneer at Mint Indian Bistro is like a firm tofu, which is my favorite style of paneer.  Those of you preferring a creamier paneer are officially on notice.For $11 you'd have a hard time finding a better buffet to embarrass yourself at in Vegas.
5	We stopped in for their lunch buffet while visiting my sister who lives in Vegas. Great food, great ambience. Friendly, efficient staff. Will definitely go back next time we're in town.
5	Love this place! Our new favorite great food and service :)
5	Good selection of good items on their lunch buffet. Servers were attentive but not overwhelming. We had a large group of about 15 (we called several days ahead to let them know we were coming). They did a great job even when we requested split checks which they graciously accommodated :) A good mix of mild and spicy items to choose from on the lunch buffet. And all is labeled including some suggestions for accompaniments.I will recommend this to coworkers who may want to try something different for lunch.
5	Great Indian and Nepalese menu great atmosphere . First class service and dishes not found in many reaturants. Las Vegas offers great restaurants. I would say this is definately worth a visit.
5	A long overdue update about Mint - short and sweet, but well deserved.Mint have clearly listened to the feedback from Yelp over the last couple of years. What we have now is a well-rounded, extremely consistent buffet and a comprehensive menu ready to cater to every food preference.At 10.99 for buffet it's no wonder that this place can have a queue out the door around lunchtimes. Plenty of delicious fare to choose from and some vegetarian options for my wife. Oh, and garlic naan that's among the finest in the valley.Don't miss out!
5	Yummy Indian food and very good service
4	I work for an Indian company and have traveled to India in the past and enjoy the cuisine. Mint has a daily buffet that runs 10.99 and is well stocked. You can also go ala carte if you like.The service is good and they are fast. Tables move quickly and its a good place for families with kids as well.Overall a good place.
5	Went on a recommendation of a friend in our dining party, who had heard of Mint via word of mouth but also had never been himself either.  Located in an unassuming strip mall, Mint is somewhat of a buried treasure in Vegas.  We went for dinner and were seated in a spacious booth, the restaurant itself was almost packed at 8:00pm.  The menu itself is extensive, but also descriptive and keyed for Vegetarian/Vegan items, Gluten Free, Spicy, etc.  Very impressive regional beer selection, I had never tried Indian beers before.  Our party of three enjoyed the Garlic Naan, Vegatable Samosas, and the crispy flatbread that was brought to the table was toasted perfectly.  For our mains, we enjoyed chicken tikka masala, lamb biryani, Rogan Josh (with lamb), and I loved loved loved the buttered masala dosa I ordered.  (I had been craving a proper dosa for months!).  Various chutneys were brought to the table as well.  All of the items were delivered with good timing, and were all equally delicious with tender chicken and lamb.  At the time of your order you can designate how spicy you'd prefer your meat/curry dishes (on a scale of 1-10).  Our server was hilariously talking us into spicier levels and we were glad we agreed with his recommendations in the end.    We ended with the small dessert offerings of which I can't remember the name but all were lovely and petite, served in tall shotglasses it seemed.  Total bill for three adults with one alcoholic drink and one soda $100 with tax. Mint is definitely a jewel hidden in the Vegas rough, we will be back indefinitely.  If not on this trip, then the next.
5	Both the lunch buffet and the menu items are amazing.  Everything here is awesome!  I'm a vegetarian, so I appreciate that everything on the buffet line and in the menu is labeled with whether it's vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, etc., etc. to accommodate all kinds of diets.  You won't regret eating here!
2	Oh Yelp, you steered me wrong on this one.I feel pretty bad about it actually, because there are some things that Mint really does right.  Unfortunately, few of these were related to the food itself.The good - they bring you a carafe of water and leave it on the table so you can refill your own glass.  This is really nice when eating spicy Indian food (of which there was none here.)  The restaurant is very clean and attractive, the service is very friendly.  They bring naan fresh to your table and the naan was good.The bad - Most of the buffet was bland, bland, bland.  And I don't mean just 'not spicy' bland, but 'no flavor' bland.  The tikka masala was gloppy, like the cream in it had curdled, but it had little flavor.  I was SOOO excited to see goat curry (my favorite dish ever!) on the buffet... but it was bland, bland, bland.  The meat was good but the curry...nonexistant.  The saag was downright horrible - the worst I've ever had.  Everything tasted like they'd forgotten salt (and I don't like overly salted food).  The creamy tofu curry had no flavor.  The kheer was also pretty dreadful.  They use rice angel hair instead of rice, so it had a slimy wormy consistency and the runny 'sauce' did not taste good.  I usually love kheer but I took one bite and that's it.The indifferent - the gulab jamun was about average though I couldn't taste any cardamom in the simple syrup, which is a letdown.  The dal was subtly flavored but not too bad.  The best dishes on the buffet were the 'chili chicken' (tasted like mexican-indian fusion but actually had some flavor) and the 'veggie chow chow' which is some sort of noodle dish that didn't really remind me of any Indian food, but didn't taste bad.The buffet was about $11 per person.  There were a surprising number of indo-pak folks in here, surprising because of how bad the food was.  Normally at the places I frequent in other cities that have a lot of indo-pak clientele, the food is very spicy and flavorful (sometimes too spicy for my pansy white arse even).  But here, it was like the baby-food bland version of everything.  Why were they here?  Is this really the best Indian food available in Vegas?  I shudder to think that is the case.  I hope they were just having a bad day but honestly the food wasn't good enough for me to want to find out, despite the nice touches of fresh naan and abundant water.
1	Feel: you enter this place and want to feel good about this place, good lighting comfortable seatings et all. Good music.Menu card: i love elaborate menus, ones which tell you details and makes you imagine and times salivate :). This one takes it a step ahead it even details items like gluten free, jain , halal etc.10 on 10 for menu.Service initial:1. The manager asks for scale of spiciness.2. The waiter clearly asks for water with ice or without it. How many Indian place do so?And the good part ends there, rather miserably.My friends, veg asked for a thali for 2. Question: how can a thali for 2 have only 1 nan?Lamb lollypops, not well marinated and rubbery.We were asked to rate the level of spice in food, we asked for 8 and got a -80/5 for food. There is an apt hindi saying: unchi dukaan feeka pakwan (only pomp and show but no content).A good reataurant has to be flexible, we asked for a thali which had kheer for dessert but we requested to substitute with gajar halwa ( available on a different thali ). The request was rudely turned down not by the steward but by the kitchen, we never got what we asked for.The waiter goofed up plain rice and jeera rice and tells us not to worry he will have the ticket updated. I love food and feel bad when my love for food is weighed in currency. Service 0/5
4	This is a great little Indian restaurant or maybe I've lost how to rate Indian restaurants since the Indian restaurants in Austin just plain suck (at least most of them).The lunch buffet had a decent variety of vegetarian and non vegetarian dishes, along with a salad bar and two desserts(it was gulab jamun and something else). I don't like desserts so I can't comment on them; the vegetarian dishes, kadhai paneer, Saag, mushroom potatoes, dal, sambar, idli, rasam, pulao were all great. In the non veg section there was chicken tikka masala, chilli chicken, tandoori chicken, goat curry and another chicken dish. They all were great; I ate a bit of each coz it was that good. Also they bring your choice of bread fresh at your table unlike other Indian restaurants who leave theirs at the buffet table.Oh yeah, if you're Indian and drink iced/cold water, you need to tell them that. The default water for us folks is warm water :)
4	Great food. Not too spicey, and I am not referring to Indian spice level, but very very tasty. Kabob's are great, soft, and very tasty. This is one of the best food I have experienced in the USA, and the quality can be compared with one of the best in India. Their beer collection is also very impressive. I haven't found that level of collection in any Indian restaurant, in fact in any restaurant. The only reason I am not giving a five star is because their service. We were kept waiting for beer and food and additional order at a time when there were not that many people in the restaurant.
4	This place is off the strip. It's in a little strip mall type and when you get there, you wonder what you will find. You walk in, and you still are not 100% sure. But once you sit down, the servers are just as friendly as can be. They are are ready to help you choose and tell you what you are eating.Try one of the samplers with a friend. Well worth it. When it started to come (there's a few courses), the server let us know what it was.The taste of all the foods we ate were wonderful. The servers were great, the location was good. The only down fall is that sometimes they took a while to get back to you once you had your food.
1	the shittiest indian food you can get anywhere. being from india, i know what the food is supposed to taste like. the food never tastes fresh and mostly smells bad, the desserts being the major disappointment. the service is real poor and during buffets, u have to wait for ages for just the bread. the food overall seems to be cooked in a jiffy using cheap spices and paying minimum attention to taste. hygiene has been my major concern lately, as the food gave me a bad stomach. the website does not allow a NEGATIVE rating, or I would have gone for that.
4	A pleasant surprise in a town with a ton of mediocre overpriced restaurants.- $10.99 lunch buffet (including weekends)  - Vegetarian options galore    - Delicious food      - Best garlic naan I've ever had (made fresh to order and included)        - Constantly-refilled carafes of water (instant hangover re-hydration)          - Comfy and clean atmosphereMy only complaints were that there were no samosas and that I couldn't order off the regular menu during buffet hours.  While initially disappointed, the food on the buffet line was really great.
4	We had a lunch buffet for 13 on a friday afternoon.- Hard to find parking. It's in a small area, so walking just a couple min in fire bc you parked so far is a pain- Clean. To my surprise, the restaurant is pretty elegant. nice plates and fancy cup glasses.- comparing my experiences with indian restaurants near UC Davis, the food is not spicy at all. I was expecting it to be packed with flavor, but curries were nothing close. For my tastes, overall somewhat bland and dry.- Garlic naan was great! fresh! But comes with a caveat. it takes forever for you to get some. - Although it is AYCE, Don't expect to be coming back for more and more. Not much of a selection to choose from so I would say at most 3 plates. After a while, the food gets redundant.
2	My husband and I went there last week because everyone had raved about it.  There was no parking and its in a very busy area. We went for the lunch buffet and despite the crowd it looked like everything had been sitting there a while.  The desserts were just plain gross. I will give them credit for good naan bread but it wasn't "to die for" and it took forever to get it.  We were almost done before it was brought to our table.  And to top it all off I got sick an hr after I ate there.  It could have been an off day for them but I think I'll try to find a different Indian place. :(
4	This was our first time trying Indian food and we are now huge fans!  The flavors were delicious, the service was attentive, but not too pushy.  We ordered the sampler for 2 and we were able to try a bit of each of the popular dishes.  We'll definitely be back for more naan!
3	All fire and no flavor. Vindaloo was pretty hot, but no complexity.
5	Lunch buffet, dinner.. I've done it all.  I really like Mint and all their veggie selections for us non-meat eaters.  The menu is easy to navigate and is coded with abbreviations to let you know which is vegetarian friendly, gluten-free, etc.  I usually opt for the aloo gobi or the chana masala with a side of garlic naan and always end up leaving happy.  Like I mentioned earlier, I've stopped in a few times for the lunch buffet and always leave happy as well.  They can a bunch of great choices for lunch and they always like to keep the "veggies" in mind with a bunch of meatless dishes which are all labeled, warmed up, and ready to go.  Definitely a favorite of mine and definitely a step up from the Himalayan joint they used to be.  Coming back soon and definitely coming back hungry!!
5	My boyfriend and I love this place! YUM! We will be bringing his parents back (they are indian so that means a lot.)
5	Phenomenal! Excellent portion size and flavor through the roof. Super courteous staff. Menu is awesome--so many options: vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, lamb, fish, chicken, etc etc etc. And the price is right! Enjoy!
5	Best Indian food in Vegas .. I've lived in Vegas for 6 years , and before that in the bay area .. Where u can find the best Indian food. But it took me 6 years. Finally.. No more eating this fake Indian food in Vegas.
4	I was on a quest to find the best Indian food in Las Vegas - which is easy and hard at the same time. it's easy to pick out the bad ones, and hard to find the exceptional ones. Luckily, this is the exceptional one.This place hits all the positive points there are to hit, especially for lunch. Service is good, the place is clean and well maintained.For lunch, their buffet is simply the best. There is quality, flavor, variety and value in what you pay. They're also strict on their health code, at least to the customers. They are watching like hawks for any plate re-use.For dinner, I know foods aren't the same as they way they are served for lunch, and I haven't tried all of them. They're supposed to be better as they're supposed to be prepared fresh for you. The ones I have tried have been good and full of flavor and quality. The only thing to note is the absurd price of dinner entrees, like any Indian place really. That's why I can't give it 5 stars.
5	I am utterly addicted to their lunch buffet. The food is fantastic, and the servers are very polite and professional. I love this place to death.
4	One of the few places where you can still get an authentic multilayered whole wheat Paratha made on the tawa (Indian girdle /saucepan) as it should be and not in the tandoor (Indian oven) - makes all the difference in the taste!!!They serve the usual north Indian food plus south indian fare also such as idlis.Though biryani is a standard item on their menu the owner on occasion makes some biryani himself and I am keen on trying his biryani. Service is very good and friendly. Compared to most buffets (for lunch) of its kind I thought theirs is among the better ones I've come across.
5	Simply awesome food! Manu covers almost everything.
5	My friend took me here for the buffet the parking was tough and it doesn't look like much from the outside. Once we got inside I was surprised to see how comfortable, clean and how friendly the employees were. I can see why it's tough to park everyone wants to eat here. The food was so fresh and delicious, the price is right too! They have the buffet 7 days a week at the same price, that is impressive. I told my friends, my one friend took her husband and two sons (middle school) she said, they all enjoyed it very much. Great find!
1	The worst food and service ever. The rice was under-cooked and the milk which was used for the mango-shake was expired so they had to go back &  change it. After leaving,  2 of our group had a very bad stomach ache. Sounds too much right? Well,  after all that has been said; God is my witness.
1	Mediocre Buffet - Disappointing experience:After looking at the yelp score on this restaurant we decided to visit it for buffet and ended up with a major disappointment. If you don't want to experience below, DON'T visit this restaurant:- Inferior food quality - Most of the food items had poor preparation and lacked taste.- Poor selection of food items - Low hygiene - the place didn't look clean. The floor was dirty and I could notice food particles lying down the floor at several places.- Taste? Not so good. I can get better food elsewhere in below average restaurants.There are several better places in Vegas if you want to try out Indian food. Just avoid this one.
5	Oh wow.  How do I describe this place?  I've always said that any ethnic restaurant where people of that ethnicity fill the place must be either good or they pay a lot of people to sit in the window.  IN this case, it's the former.  I went with an Indian friend and she was in heaven.  I've been to India a couple of times and the food here is as good as anything I had there.  Prices are reasonable.  Warning: if you order the Inferno curry, the waiver isn't a joke.  This curry is made with pure Ghost Peppers and it will take a half-gallon of lasse to cool the burn, but it's delicious once the burn subsides.  I loved it.   In one word: go.
5	Great service, great food, great selection. Our dinner party of four included a vegetarian, a gluten free vegetarian, and low carb dieters. Mint was made to order for us. You would never guess that the buckwheat naan was gluten free. The vegetable korma was delicately seasoned, creamy, but we asked for medium spice, so it did have a little kick. The marinated vegetables cooked in a tandoor were spicy and smoky - too much for one person. I hear the chicken tandoor dishes were delish too. We will return. Thanks MINT!
4	Awesome. First time ever eating Indian food because I've always been afraid, but the only word that comes to mind about my experience is awesome. The Chile Chicken and Lentel soup appetizers were perfect, and the main course dip-like stuff was all seasoned perfectly. I can't speak for it myself but I also hear the lunch buffet is fantastic.
5	I hate buffets.  Ever since I was about 9 years old and ate a horrific piece of cold fried chicken at the Circus Circus buffet, I pretty much avoid them unless they're being paid for or someone I know really wants to go with them.  For a while this even extended it to restaurants I liked or cuisines I enjoyed that offered buffets.   I would skip those and order a la carte.   With my recent love for Mt Everest's lunch buffet and my complete obsession over Indian food in general, I figured it was time to venture out and try another.   I'm ridiculously smart for this decision, because Mint blew me away at lunch today.We were seated and offered a choice of naan and I ordered an iced tea before going up to grab a plate.  Naturally I skipped over the fruits and veggies on the first cart and went right to the rice, pakoras, and varieties of dals, curries, and chicken dishes.  First thing I noticed that I appreciated wholly was that each item had notations on whether they were vegan, vegetarian, had glucose, or had jain.  One of the friendly servers heard my friend and I seemingly confused over what that even was and she explained it (people who dont/cant eat garlic or onions?  Perish the thought!)  I annoyed her with my lactose intolerance issue as I do everyone that I encounter in a food establishment, but still took my chances with just about anything that didn't say "paneer" on it.  My goal at Indian buffets now is to never return for a 2nd plate.  Of course this just means that I have a mountain of food on my one and only plate, and Mint was no exception.   If I went back for seconds they probably would have closed down for the day.  Pretty sure I was triple stacking items and just letting them all ooze together.  It's like an fountain drink suicide indian style.  The only negative I can think of on selection this day was no samosas.  Seemed like a greek joint without falafels.Got back to the table with my iced tea waiting and a basket of fresh, hot naan followed shortly after.   EVERY single bite was delicious.  I wish I could go into greater detail on each component, but it wouldnt be adequate.  I probably had 12 different items on my plate, and I repeat:  EVERY bite was delicious. Price was standard and worth every penny.   One final exemplary service note which might have just been circumstantial, but on the receipt it noted that the naan was with (no butter).   I think the woman that was working at the front of the line may have informed our waiter to hold the butter on the naan as she overheard the two lactose intolerant weirdos in line discussing it.   Way to make us feel welcomed!Gotta go 5 on this one.   Though I'm starting to wonder if there are any Indian restaurants here in town I DONT like....
5	Amazing food and excellent service. Off the strip so it's quiet.
5	Wonderful food and service! The buttered garlic naan is the best. My favorite dish is the Malai Kofta and the Lassi menu has every flavor imaginable.  I tried the Rose Lassi and it was delicious.
5	Was here over a great weekend where we saw Peter Gabriel at Planet Hollywood and The Beatles LOVE show by Cirque du Soleil. We could have eaten anywhere on the strip, but chose Mint based upon their menu and reviews. We came in late, after LOVE and were seated. The gentleman who came over to our table was a joy, asking us what we might like, the level of spice we may want in our food, etc. He is the owner. The menu is extensive: Northern, Southern Indian with Himalayan foods offered, as well. I asked for his help in navigating the menu and he guided us brilliantly. The food, service and experience was one that I WILL repeat - EVERY time I am in Vegas. It was THAT good.
4	Very nice place , good waiters, nice food ( LUNCH  buffet is $11 each , eat as much as you like ) meat is Halal . AWESOME
4	Possibly the best Indian food I have had in Vegas so far. I had the Rebel Curry, which while not being spicy at all was very tasty. My friend had the Chana Masala. We also split a couple different kinds of Naan. I thought the dining area was nice, the lights were dim and the tables were spread out enough that it was pretty quiet in there. We also tried a few different deserts and they were very good. The menu was huge so I will definitely be coming to try some more dishes.
5	Me and my fiancee finally got a chance to come here. We ordered one of the dinner for 2 (can't remember the name of it) but its a sampler. All of them were awesome. I cannot wait to go back.
4	As a person who grew up eating curry a few times a week, I have high expectations when it comes to curries or any type of Indian food for that matter. This is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in Las Vegas. Your best value for eating here is to eat during the buffet lunch hours. You have the opportunity to sample a variety of the top-notch dishes and always go back for seconds, or thirds. The dinner is good, too, but your bill can add up quickly once you order an appetizer, two entrees, and naan.
3	Well I would have given it 4 stars except that the service was lousy - I was there by myself and felt invisible.  They were very nice when they did show up.  Had to ask twice to get a beer.  It wasn't that busy - come on now.  What really pissed me off was the brown rice scam.  I was told my meal came with white race and I asked for brown and was charged $6 extra.  You gotta be f-ing kidding me! ...... I expect to get reamed on the Strip but here????All that said it is a really nice place.  Very attractive; tasty food and best beer selection I have every since in an Indian restaurant including some Indian beers I had never seen before and the one I ordered was quite good.If they can up their game on service and stop selling brown rice at gunpoint I would have been much happier
5	Dinner for two (first one listed on the menu) was absolutely delicious!  Will definitely put this place on our regular rotation of restaurants.  Price is very fair and atmosphere is pleasant.
4	Great lunch time buffet! Good service, great Naan, and good food!
2	JUNK.  I'm very disappointed in Yelp reviews on this one.  The flavors were not that great.  Nan bread did not come out until we were finished with our lunch.  I will not be back.  There is another place here in LV that blows this place away.
4	I am typically not a huge fan of Indian food, but this place has changed my mind.  The decor is very modern and the restaurant does not have that usual smell that comes with Indian cuisine.  The meal is buffet style, and although I was not certain what the items I was putting on my plate were- they all tasted yummy.  I especially loved the garlic naan bread with the sauces they provided.  So good!
4	I wish this place wasn't so far away!  They make me want to be vegetarian.  They do have chicken and goat (which are delicious), but the vegetarian food is like no other.  They serve fresh bread, I usually go for the garlic butter naan.  For the drinks, I like the mango lassi because it thick and not overly sweet.  The decor is very special and feels warm.  It's a very simple restaurant, but I love it.    The waiters are quick to clean up finished plates.  I've only had the buffet here, which is about $10.  Very low price for delicious food.  In the buffet, each item is labelled with a lot of details, so you know exactly what you are eating.
5	Lunch buffet. Quit reading this review and go get you some!  The food was so good.  Meats were cooked well, not just chewy mystery meat in sauce.  Everything was flavorful, it was a very casual environment, and it wasn't touristy.
4	Unfortunately, after living here a year I've discovered that my beloved new city is sorely lacking in Indian food. Perhaps I was spoiled by having the delights of Devon so close by, but I really came to take quality Indian restaurants for granted.We've been coming here since we were tourists and this place was known simply as "Himalayan Cuisine," with Nepalse plates and much more rustic decor. Nowadays, the redone and renamed Mint is more of an Indo-Chinese fusion sort of place, but they have that one hallmark that every self-respecting Indian restaurant needs - a lunch buffet! It has a good selection compared to some of the other Indian lunch buffets in town and is a really good deal at $10. The ala carte dinner menu is very comprehensive and has lots of options and tweaks available to the courses, but we pretty much exclusively come for lunch when the value is best.The service has traditionally been awful and inattentive but has gotten much better lately. With that marked improvement this is clearly our top choice for Indian food in the valley.
4	I've found over the years, that trying an Indian restaurant during their lunch buffet is by far the best value, and a great way to try new things without being disappointed if you don't really like it. I love chicken tikka masala, unfortunately Mint's didn't really tickle my fancy as much as I was hoping it would. It was good, but not as flavorful as I'm used to. That being said, they had other dishes that were delish! I liked their chili chicken, and chicken vindaloo. Their garlic naan was fluffy and yummy, and both rice dishes were good. GIve this place a try!
5	Fantastic food, great service! Friends love their mango lassi (which is a yogurt drink.)
5	tried this place for the first time tonight. LOVED the food and the service was great. can't wait to come back and try different stuff
2	My husband and I went here on a Wednesday evening around 6 p.m.  The restaurant was fairly busy with both dine-in customers and a to-go line.  They also seemed understaffed, and worst of all, the waiters use iPads to take your order, which seemed to be more of a burden for them than a time-saver.  Our waiter seemed like he cared but was overwhelmed.  Some other members of the staff, however, seemed the opposite.Part of the reason we tried this Indian restaurant was because it has a full bar.  Unfortunately, simple mixed drinks took between 10-15 minutes to arrive at our table.  I would not recommend ordering any of the more elaborate drinks on the menu because the wait time would probably be even longer.We ordered naan, an appetizer, and two entrees.  They brought out the naan first, then 10-15 minutes later, only one entree.  Then we waited about ten minutes for the second entree.  Thankfully, we were sharing both things, or this would've been way awkward.  At this point, we still hadn't received our appetizer, so we asked the waiter to please cancel it.The food was actually quite great.  We ordered the Chef's special lamb kabob and the Vertical Vindaloo with chicken thigh, and they were both excellent.  The vindaloo was not saucy enough for my liking, and the "Full" size was rather small for the price.  Other than that, we weren't disappointed by the actual food, despite its strange delivery times.
1	"We are easy on salt". The worst thing ever heardfrom a restaurant manager when complained that the food had no salt in it. I know it's a 4 star rated restaurant but its been more favored for family friends than new customers. Don't ever go during rush hours. They say they have indo Chinese fusion food.  Don't order any Chinese dish as it has no salt in it and the restaurant manner instead of apologizing say that they are easy on salt. I will never ever go back to this restaurant. This is my personal experience.
4	Must go! while in vegas.
5	Being from the bay area, I have Indian/Pakistani restaurants by the dozens everywhere. So, when we looked up for Indian food in the Vegas area, I wasn't having high expectations. I was surprised by what I had there. It was freaking amazing! And the cherry on the cake, it was zabihah halal. We had the following:Chicken fried rice: absolutely awesome. The rice had a slight crunchy texture and though by concept may sound like raw, but was actually superb.Yellow dal: the best dal I have had in the US. Period. Low in spices and full of flavor. In love with dal now.Malai kofta: didn't care much for the kofta, but the gravy was awesome.Chicken kadhai: wasn't bad but we had far superior food on our table.Chicken momos: the momos were amazing but the sauce with it wasn't. I have had a lot of momos in India (my fav roadfood snack after chaat). I used to love the chilli sauce served with the momos in India. Here the momos were pretty close to the original though.Paneer pakoda: good. Liked the sprinkling of chaat powder over it. Chilli chicken: was nice. Not like India, but am not complaining.The portion sizes could be upped a notch. The half portions are way too small and the full aren't that large themselves.The decor is nice. Not date night but better than Indian restaurant standards. The service was really good.
3	Except their biryani nothing is really worth trying.
4	Good tasty food...Spices are added appropriately for the dishes...Must eat place if visiting Vegas...
4	Went here for dinner yesterday. The place was packed for a Monday night but they arranged a table for us after a 15-20 minute wait. The server quickly brought out some papads and 2 chutneys-coriander and tamarind. The chutneys tasted great. I remember visiting a long time ago for the buffet and not being very excited about the food. This trip was different.We all were excited to see so many options of different types of indian food, and tried the following:chau chau noodles with veggies-This was yummy despite the taste of tomato ketchup in it. really yummy actually. Schezwan fried rice-gooddal makhani-yummsaag with paneer-flavorful cheese naan, naan and tandoori roti were fresh and crispThe only downside was the fact that the portion sizes are quite small for the price. They also charge for chutney, onions etc.I look forward to going back and trying some other stuff like south indian food and indian street food, which I always seem to crave.
4	The difference between their gulab jamun and heroin is that one is a hopelessly addictive substance, known for its ability to wreck one's health and soul, as one lies, cheats, steals, and even kills just to lay hands on a little more, to get that blissful feeling, and the other is an illicit narcotic. Everything else on the lunch buffet was pretty good, too. But, when I'm 750 lbs and diabetic, it'll be Mint's gulab jamun to blame.
5	This little gem is nestled not far off the strip and boasts one of Vegas' most extensive Indian style menus. There must be over 1,000 different combinations of how you could experience their food so that's one of the main reasons I keep coming back. Well, that...and the beer selection. You'd be hard pressed to find a more eclectic selection anywhere else. Norse, Belgian, Indian and much more adorn the beer list. But prepare to be occasionally disappointed since they will run out of their more esotheric brews.But I digress...getting back to the food. Huge portions (with the option of half portions...score!), multiple vegetarian/vegan options (had the kofta tonight), and delicious naan & roti make this a must stop for me whenever I'm in Vegas.  Try the tikka, biryani or any of the curries and you won't be sorry.
4	Simple review for this place.13$ lunch buffet that is awesome. Great quality food with a decent variety. They also offer 10% off if you show your UNLV student ID. Lack of 5th star because if you order any drink that is not water it takes them a long time to bring it. But the decor is nice and the staff is friendly and the food is good. Great place to get your indian fix in. Oh and if your into the whole Vegan thing they have a lot of options for that on their menu.
5	Simply Amazing... no words to describe how incredible the food is.  Tikka Masala is to die for.  The service was great, too.  They were all very friendly and overall it was a great experience!
5	Believe the 200+ reviews hype. In the words of Nike "just do it". I'm definitely doing it again that's for sure. Fresh, delicious, Indian food for the lunch buffet.  Worth the wait. As you're seated they bring you fresh made naan of your choice, buffet line has vegetarian entrees along with chicken and goat. Mmmm mmmm good!
4	Yummy Indian food! Our first time here We came for the lunch buffet, which was a great deal at around $12! There was a lot of variety here, almost too much, as it was hard to tell the differences by a non-seasoned Indian food expert like me  But everything was fresh and good, except the tandoori being a little overcooked.  Here is a pic of my plate :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mint-indian-bistro-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#6hnFlW45fvu6-AVVij-66AThere were some really good dishes, but I really enjoyed the chicken and mild curry goodies. Also, the garlic naan bread was super yummy! I also liked the more spicy chicken dish, which had peppers and other tidbits. They have plenty of orange slices for my little one, which makes him a very happy boy!  Come check it for a great and inexpensive Indian food buffet!
4	The lunch buffet can't be beat here!! The price is super cheap and the food is very good! Is it worth the hour long wait one time, when the line was out the door and had to wait a super long time for a lunch at 2pm on a thursday... ehh??? The buzz must have gotten out cause this place was packed for lunch.  The garlic naan is super fresh and keeps coming out when asked for.  The selections at the buffet are all tasty and good.  My go to indian food is always chicken tikka, tandori, rice and goat curry which are all good here. The tandori is not too dry (which happens often for indian buffets I noticed) and the goat curry has lots of actual goat meat.  Spicy factor is definitely there so be warned!! I also ordered a mango lassi but that was ok, I think it was a pre-made from a carton though, boo :( which is a little disappointing.  The only issue is when it's packed, the service gets a little slower and the wait is pretty long since people do not want to leave without getting more than their money's worth.  You know a place is super good when it's native people are taking over the place, not trying to be racist but this place was FULL of indians and their huge families... so it must be good right?!  Don't miss out on this place and lunch is very good cheap eats for great food!!
2	I liked the simple decor and that this place had an amazing menu with entrees from all over India as some of my favorite dishes are south India! Sadly they were busy and understaffed and caused my friend and I to almost miss our flight, we spent over 2 hours here. When we first arrived there was only one other party within an hour the place was packed. Lucky restaurant apparently bad for us.Things we dined onGarlic Naan 4/5A little too crispy for dipping in my entree broth but still good.Veggie Kofta 3/5Lacking flavor although the kofta had the right texture.Plain Dosa 4/5Massive in size check out my photos. Dosa tasted great but the coconut chutney was probably the worst i've tasted. Saag paneer 1/5Lacking more flavor then the kofta, do they not season the food at all?...Lime Soda 1/5Suppose to be fresh squeezed limes, you could clearly taste that it was not.Rose Lassi 2/5Never tried a rose lassi before although I love mango and mint lassi's and I love rose ice cream and yogurt. Not what I was expecting.Service was terrible took 45 minutes to get us our drinks alone then our order was taken add another 40 mins. No I am not kidding, I remember this like yesterday although it was almost 3 weeks ago. This was a very stressful dining experience for my friend and I. A not so pleasant way for us to spend our last few hours in Vegas.  I will not be returning when back in Vegas.
5	This is the best place in vegas! We love the food, the staff, and the lunch buffet. We eat the lunch buffet on a regular basis and love getting to enjoy a good meal and talk with the staff. We go all the time... curry addicts! Great options for all kind of diets and special needs. Vegan, vegetarian, meat lovers, etc.
2	Safe to pass.
5	I gave it 4 stars for their off the menu food, its pricey and the quantity is bit low. Their buffet is the best Indian Buffet I've ever had. There are so many varieties of veg and non-veg curries, two different types of naans, rice, different indo-chinese dishes. Food tests excellent and its only $12 plus tax per person. There buffet is from 11AM-3PM daily. They get bit busy over the weekend so there might be 20-30 minute wait.
5	This place is good every time we go. This time we got there right at 11 as they were opening the buffet. All the dishes were out, hot and delicious.The staff is friendly and courteous. I make it a point to bring out of towners here. Delicious, authentic Indian food.
5	I love to eat, no surprises there. But what I really love is a cuisine-specific buffet. I'm fond of smorgasbord buffets too, but there's something about just Indian food or just Chinese food or just Mexican food, and endless amounts of it, that make my heart go pitter patter (in an excitement way and a high blood pressure and cholesterol way). So when in a panic of needing Indian food and needing it now, I met my girl Jaime W for some AYCE yums. When we arrived, we were given menus. "WTF FOR?!?" I thought. It turns out that in addition to their delicious lunch buffet, they have a hefty selection of drinks, alcoholic and non. Next time. I started off wrong by getting a small plate instead of the bigass one necessary for all Indian food pursuits. It didn't take me long to fill it up. I did not care for the green salad--too peppery--but hey, that's the beauty of the buffet. Chutneys all were so winning, especially combined with any of the other various items on the buffet. You can't go wrong with mango chutney and paneer tikka masala, amirite? The menu is SuperMenu, so clearly marked for anybody with dietary restrictions. My only dietary restriction is having only one stomach so I'm not concerned about vegetarian/vegan/gluten free but if that's your bag, here's your place. I also like how there are menu suggestions and they let you know that some things are desserts (except those little donuts. Those are marked wrong, they are for every course). Definitely will come back for the dinner menu and for the buffet again. Can't complain about a thing.
5	Service: awesome, food: massive! Ambiance was great! My first time here and ill be back! Leftovers were super good at the crib, I grinded it up the next day!
5	My first time here and it was absolutely amazing!! Surprisingly superb beer selection. Our server was very helpful, made great suggestions and was genuinely kind.. Great place!!!
4	Mint is really good. I am not overly familiar with Indian cuisine so I can't give great insight but what we ate was delicious and I had to be rolled out on a cart by my wife afterword.
5	They have a really delicious buffet. If you have any special dietary restrictions, this is the place to go. They mark each buffet item as vegan/vegetarian/gluten free & more. I really appreciate that.
4	Mint is located a few blocks from the strip and practically across from the University. This attracts both visitors and local students to their restaurant.The lunch buffet is what I usually go here for. With the UNLV discount, it is an affordable and tasty option.During the daytime, the interior looks bright and airy. At night it has a moody romantic atmosphere. The servers are always friendly and I'm so glad they are very accommodating for people with food allergies. The menu is clearly labeled with icons indicating Veg/GF/Nuts/Etc.Onto the food! Goat curry and any paneer dish are the things I make a beeline for. The goat is tender and full of flavor every time I come here.For dinner, I usually get takeout on my way home. I've tried the Rebel Curry, Saag, Rogan Josh, and a few others. There's lots to try here.Dinner or lunch, Mint does not disappoint.
5	Finishing the last episode of Gordon Ramsey's Great Escape; I had the strongest urge for some flavor packing curries and was instructed to come here by my over-zealous vegan friend. This restaurant has such a wide variety of curries of non-vegan and vegan selections.  Their buffet runs from 11am-3pm and might i say, something everyone should become very familiar with.  The buffet is only $12 and it comes with such a variety of foods, it's such a steal!  Considering I came here for dinner and ordered chicken tikka masala (buttered chicken) and naan; the bill came out to about $18.  The buffet includes chicken/vegetable tikka masala, tandoori chicken, basmati rice, bone-in lamb curry and more dishes i can't pronounce.It includes normal and garlic naan! The curry is packed with so much flavor, the naan comes out freshly made (HOT), the meat of the tandoori and chicken tikka masala is slightly dry but other than that I really can't complain. Food is an A- for me.The only complaint I have is for dinner; their portions are a bit small for what you pay for but nonetheless still very tasty.Service is spot on and punctual whenever you're out of drink, naan or if you have empty plates; oh yeah their naan is refillable!  Our server was extremely friendly, wasn't overbearing and took care of us throughout the whole dinner.Ambiance was very warm, lights dim but not dungeness and with trending indian songs to add culture to a very modern looking restaurant.  Despite having a few indian restaurants surrounding this area, i'll always return to Mint for their money worthy buffet, vegan options,affable and attentive service and their delicious food.
3	In looking at the reviews on Mint; I had my expectations set very high when walking into this small resturant. They were quite busy when we arrived after 8pm on a Saturday night, but the wait wasn't too long, though there wasn't a place to sit down inside (it was a cold night in Vegas). You'll see that I frequent Indian restaurants fairly regularly wherever I travel, so I know what I like and how it compares to other establishments. My family and I decided to go with the Chef's Northern India tasting menu and were given a plethora of different dishes, though with smaller than normal portions. We all enjoyed the pakora (they called them pakodas) and again thought we were in for the best Indian meal in a long time. That being said, the lamb vindaloo was rather skimpy on the lamb (and it was tougher than it should have been), the chicken tikka masala had great flavor; but was more masala than chicken, and the daal was good, but just a tad undercooked. I was also disappointed when I asked for a "6-7 spicy" I received something more like a 2 or 3. They do have something they call Inferno chili sauce, but I thought my dishes came from a very universal pot that's geared to less spice (and flavor). As other reviewers have noted, their naan bread is excellent. Service was satisfactory, but I never felt like I was being "served" meaning it was more obligatory than driven. All in all, a good Indian meal, though I have had better for less money.
4	This was my first Indian restaurant in Vegas.  Went with a friend and it was great....I'm looking forward to going back and maybe try the Inferno menu....I'll sign the waiver!!!  Everything we had was darn good.  I can not remember the actual name of the dish I had but it had Mango and Chicken but it was super.  My friend had a veggie dish based off of a butter chicken curry....and he said his too was good.  I've been telling my friends all about it.
5	Mint is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley.  I love coming here not only because it's near UNLV, but because it's really good.  You can't beat $10.99+tax for a delicious lunch buffet with 10% off if you're a UNLV student.  It just doesn't happen.Their butter naan is so yummy; I have to remember not to fill up on that so I can fit more delicious food in me.  My OCDness likes that they organize their buffet trays from starters to sides to entrees.  They used to have a dessert warmer at the very end, but I think they nixed this because not enough people were utilizing it during the lunch hours.My favorites are (and I will definitely butcher the correct names of these items): the yellow Indian fried rice with vegetables, fried vegetables, the noodles with vegetables, chicken tikka masala (I know that one!), goat curry, and spicy chili chicken.  I'm pretty sure I've tried everything there, but these are my go to dishes.The 5 stars comes from food and price alone.  They really do have delicious high quality food.  The service is consistently mediocre if not subpar, but if I'm at Mint it's for the food.  Also, it takes awhile for drinks to come out, especially if you order coffee.  I don't know if it's a cultural thing, but I've almost always received my coffee at the end of my meal. I would prefer it as an accompaniment to my meal.  And getting your bill can take awhile too sometimes.  If I have to leave, I just go up to the counter and pay.And fair warning, you will leave the restaurant full and with a lingering fragrance on your clothing and hair for the rest of the day. You were warned!
1	One star, and there's good reason for it.Visited Mint today. I love Indian food. I grew up on middle eastern, Pakistani, and Indian food. The food here is NOT Indian, it's Indian made for American taste buds. Yaddaddaimean? But let's get down to the *critiQUE.*Service:There hasn't been a single time that I have come here, in which I have felt comfortable walking through the door. It's always a depressed / emotionally challenged man who takes us to our seat. Water, at first, is there quickly. Refills are scarce to none. We wait 5-10 minutes for the check every time. Never half-a-smile cracked by the server(s)...and everyone who works here looks, plain, miserable. Food:I'm a huge curry fan, and a huge goat fan. Both of these are garbage, here, and this is why: all curry tastes the same, jus different levels of spicyness. The goat is terribly undercooked, chewy, and has NO FLAVOR (as everything else, here, is flavor-less). Today was the last straw. There was hair in my food. Done. I don't pay money for hair.After the fact:Ive been feeling like crap all day. Stomach is not right. I am unbelievably, and strangely fatigued. I regret this.There's nothing here for me. I don't trust this place's discipline in cleanliness at all! I don't trust that it "matters " to them until they get caught and shut down! (which they already have, as far as I've heard, for sanitation) they're here for the quick buck. It seems that There's no "moral standard" in this business.
3	We were visiting Las Vegas and were craving Indian food. Mint had a lot of good reviews and we decided to check this place out. The crowd was extremely young and the place was lively. The decor was okay with muted sounds of Indian cinema music in the background. The menu was very innovative -- almost every appetizer and entree had a twist. We are vegetarian and so this review won't help if you are looking to hear about the chicken tikka masala (which I am told is good...). So, we ordered the Organic Samosa and vegetable pakoras. We also ordered the mahakali mango masala (yes that is the real name), Dal Maharani Balti, and the Hariyali Kabab. After a long day of gallivanting, we were hungry and would have eaten anything cooked :-)For the food then... While the names were innovative, the food not so much. The Hariyali Kabab was green (as expected), but was bland. The chutneys were basted on a bit too much and there was literally no spice. The Mahakali Mango Masala was similarly taste free and bland. We had ordered this with paneer and it was undercooked. The Dal wasn't bad and probably the only item that was tasty enough. The breads, on the other hand, were fresh and nice.Also there were a lot of innovative lassi types. These were very nice as well. Perhaps the items with meat were better and the crowd was generally having a lot of fun! So, we might have been the unlucky group. This place is definitely worth a visit just to see the creativity in the menu.
4	Clean restaurant. I ate the Maharajah Tikka Marsala with paneer cheese. Really creamy and very delicious. I wanted it to be spicy so I asked for a 6. But it wasn't spicy at all. My friend ordered the vindaloo with spicy level at 6 and it was quite spicy. Not really consistent with their spice levels. im guessing if you are ordering something creamy and you want it spicy, at least go with an 8. Naan was soft and good. I enjoyed it overall.
5	I had the privilege of enjoying the lunch buffet, fittingly dubbed "Nirvana" buffet by the staff. I tried almost everything offered with the buffet and loved each item.  I WILL be back.
1	Medium spicy turned out to be the most bland Indian food ever - at least for an Indian palate.
4	Surprising good for an inexpensive lunch buffet (was $10.50 before taxes and tips). Food choice was limited but tasty. They cook your bread to order (included) and my buttered naan was appropriately fresh, hot, a soft and tasty. Soup, salads, entrees and dessert were all quite good and it's no surprise I guess that a good part of the crowds were Indians! I ordered a masala chai (supplement) that was also very nice.
5	When I first moved to Vegas I was skeptical about finding as good of a Himalayan/Indian restaurant as I had back home...then I found the Mint Indian Bistro. It was DELICIOUS. The food is hearty and flavorful while the wait staff is kind and giving. The atmosphere was cozy, I felt like I could eat, curl up and go to sleep :) I will keep coming back to this restaurant! Don't change!
4	A new favorite, Mint delivered with a great beer list, extensive menu and delicious food,  This is another almost hidden gem and feels worlds away from the overpriced hotel restaurants,  Our group of four loved the samosa, saag paneer, butter chicken and shrimp curry,  The menu is very diverse and next time I will be more adventurous,  The buttered garlic Naan was awesome.
4	I took my father here for a buffet lunch; it was his first time ever eating Indian.  The atmosphere is quiet and clean.  To be honest, I felt like this buffet equally represented cuisines from all over the continent of India.  I preferred the vegetarian dishes and rather enjoyed them and my father took a special liking to their goat curry.  Their goat is very tender and has a light gamy flavor but was seasoned well.  The vegetable korma and Pav Bhaji were excellent!!!  I would highly recommend this place if you wan't great Indian at prices half of what you would expect to pay at Tamba on the Strip.
5	We went for a sit down dinner, and I was completely satisfied with my experience. Ordered the malai kofta and the chicken tikka masala which both tasted very good. The naan was also very good, maybe a little fluffier in shape as opposed to flat like I am used to, but delicious. This is the best indian food I have had in town so far. Also, the interior of the place is beatiful, lit romantically and well decorated. I will go back for the lunch buffet next time. The service was good and we did not have to wait long to get our food. Dinner portions might be small to some people, i thought it was plenty of food though.
5	met up with a friend for lunch. its been a while since ive been here but the buffet is still really good. $11 or $12, i dont remember.they had mint chutney! very good stuff. not spicy though. they had an interesting basmati rice with cashews, dried cranberries, and other stuff. it was pretty good. never had anything like that before.all of their curries were excellent. i really liked the mutton on bone the most. the tandoori chicken was a little dry, but it usually is. lunch had just started so everything was fresh.last time i ate here i dunno if i ate too much but i had really bad food coma. this time i had 3 plates but feel good.maybe its the waiters thick indian accent that makes the food taste better at mint, but this place is definitely one of the better places to get inidian food in town. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNwXReoaCKQ
3	My husband I were craving Indian food and we decided to try out this spot. We ate at the AYCE for lunch and it was ok. The food tasted like it had been sitting out for a while...but we were there at 2:00pm. I felt like most other Indian places have more of a variety for their AYCE than this one. Like I said, the food was ok...but there are other restaurants in Vegas that are much better.
4	My recent discovery and my recent all time favorite Indian lunch buffet for only $11.99. This place is a bit small, you have to come early or wait in line. During summer months they have patio dining that relieves over crowding. The value and the quality of food is excellent. You even get a choice of naan. There are a varieties of vegetarian dishes, and a handful of meat dishes including lamb or goat and of course the usual chicken curries and chicken tandorii. Dessert is also included.
5	Mint is my go-to place for Indian food in town. The food is great and the menu is massive, and it notes healthy, vegetarian, and vegan options as well. They also have a long menu for drinks, both alcoholic and not. The restaurant can get fairly busy, so calling ahead for a reservation or a wait time is a good idea. Try the pistachio kulfi (or four) for dessert!
5	Lots of organic, gluten free, and or vegan options with food and drink. Very good service, nice atmosphere and decent location and prices. Went for a late lunch... Definitely reccommended, but don't do what my friend did and eat stuff off of their inferno challenges where you eat ghost pepper and habeneros infused food in order to get on their wall of fame. It ruined his whole night...
5	Food was great and love how easy the menu is for vegetarian/ vegans- Amazing!
5	Love the gluten free designations on the lunch buffet.  Pleasant, friendly and competent service, too.  Highly recommended as a close to UNLV and DRI lunch location.  And it appears widely approved of by the Indian community in town, too.  But be warned, it's tiny.  And most tables are booths, so if you're a 1 top, you're taking up too many seats, if you're 2, you're still a table hog... Best for groups of 3 and 4.
4	BEWARE, bread they offer is not free (we got tricked into that so dont make the same mistake) Service : 4 stars Food : 5 stars !!!Best indian food we've had.  Aahran curry was amazing, & get it with lamb, its so tender ((: Anyways I would have given the place a 5 star other than the fact that the guy tricked us into paying for the bread we didn't eat. Made it sound like it came with the meal..
3	We came here for lunch last Saturday and as the place was packed we had to wait for 20 minutes to get seated. The host tried to push us into sitting outside but most in our group refused and preferred to wait for a table to come up.Food wise there were standard items that you will find in any other buffet. The taste was very average with surprisingly no dish really standing out. The only worthwhile comment was that the noodles were really Indian style chow-mein that is very common in and around Delhi. They gave us hot bread (naan) at the table without charging more for it, I'm not sure if that is their policy or they just forgot to do that. The sweet dish (Gulab Jamun) looked pretty nice but when eaten felt like they were recycled after being left around for a couple of weeks so you can avoid that. The menu on their website mentions lots of options for the sweet dish but the only other item was an empty bowl of mango custard.Service overall was a little slow considering the amount of rush that was there, and the host (could be the owner not sure) at the door tried to be friendly but ended up being very pushy.Overall left satisfied but not overly enthused to return again.
1	Definitely over priced for the quality of the food. 4 people almost $200 only ordered a couple of appetizers and 4 curry dishes..
4	Strip mall ambience and scarce service during lunch but the food was a huge step up from my low buffet expectations. Solid spread of Indian favorites with high quality ingredients. As a chicken snob who eschews chicken lips, ankles, and other  ambiguous poultry parts, I was delighted to enjoy tasty chicken breast in their dishes. The chicken tandoori, traditionally had a mix. Contrary to an earlier post, our naan was noted on the bill but we not charged. We left both full and satisfied. Recommended.
5	By far the best indian Buffett in US. Hoping to find something similar in Boston..
5	Like a topless dancer joggling three flaming chainsaws while doing your taxes, this place is awesome. Although it is located in a strip mall, don't let the meek locale deter you from this trying out this delicious Indian gem. I went here with my fiancee for lunch as we both were craving Indian and heard it had a buffet going on. Her being a picky eater and me on a see-food diet (I see food, I eat it) I thought a buffet would satisfy both our needs. Although the choice on the buffet might not be as extensive as some casino lines, what they had to offer were all amazing. A case of quality over quantity. You can't go wrong with any dishes. I have tried curries from the east coast and west coast and even in India. This place can easily compete with some of the best curries I've had. (Try the paneer curry! So good. It is cheese btw.)The wait staff were polite and quick with a fresh basket of garlic or non garlic naan so you can happily wipe your plate clean. Their fruit lassis are suspected, probably made with flavoring liquor.We came back here a few days for dinner as we couldn't handle cold turkey from this place. Definitely have dinner here. No buffet during dinner unfortunately but food and service is even better.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant.  They offer so many different healthy choices like vegan and gluten free foods.  Their buffet is the best deal ever! because you try different delicious healthy foods at a very very good price.  The customer service is WOW.  I feel so welcome every time I go there! The restaurant is very clean and cute and all the employees are so nice and genuinely friendly!Their bread is the best naan I've had!
4	Delicious flavorful food and awesome customer service. I also tried a a mango Lassi for the first time and it was so yummy. Definitely will be back here again.
5	As usual everything was delicious!  We get the watermelon mintini, chicken tika masala, palak paneer, lamb vindaloo, vegatable raita, and the bhatura, (Sp?). Whatever we don't finish we bring home and it tastes even better the next day!
3	I've only gone for the lunch buffet. Every time we've gone, it has been ridiculously crowded. The restaurant is small, and the tables and chairs are so close together. The food is good, but I prefer other buffets. Someday I will try their dinner menu to compare.
5	I love Lal Mohan, I love Lal Mohan, I would start and finish with those during lunch buffet. so gooooooood!!!! for dinner you have to prix fixe it for sure so you can get everything. and if you like spicy ask for so of there inferno spice on the side. if you can stand heat like me you can get a $50 gift card by eating their Inferno Curry $20 about 14oz. I would do it but i don't want to rob them, I like them too much. =)
5	Finally, Indian food at its most complex and satisfying...and good value, fun vibe, good service.
4	Normally I hate buffets, but I am going to eat here regularly. They are constantly bringing out fresh food so the food hasn't been sitting there long. It was very tasty and the price was very fair. I am a local, but my European friends showed me this little gem . As vegas tourists for ten years they seem to have found all the best places.
4	The restaurant has a wonderful ambiance, and great service. We had the Vegetarian Gluten-free Prix Fixe. Delish.
4	What a shocking surprise this place was! A wonderful treat! We were visiting the museum across the street, got hungry, and thought we would just walk to the strip mall across the way and grab some lunch there. We couldn't even see this place at first, but once we hit the parking lot, we noticed the sign and decided to go in.We were there for lunch, which, as others have noted, is a buffet. And, as someone who eats and cooks a LOT of Indian food, I have to say the buffet was super-generous in terms of options and quality. They even had a bin of full-sized idli, which you never / seldom get on the buffet line.Food was MUCH better than average. The naan was excellent. And, the selections were original and refreshing.The service seems meek -- almost like the waitstaff is afraid to talk to you. And, the table service needed to complement the buffet is a bit slow. (Of the two things we needed from the waitstaff, the staff got both items wrong. No biggee, but still noteworthy.)We did have a table of some foul-mouthed young men near us who were talking disrespectfully of women. I might have liked it if management had taken care of that for us, but, eventually they did leave.
5	Outstanding lunch buffet. One of the best in the city.  Great selection, always clean and immediate seating.
4	Great food!
5	This place is amazing.
4	Tasty; affordable (which is rare for Vegas); cool decor; and excellent customer service.
4	Coming from San Francisco where there is many top notch Indian restaurants this place definitely meets those standards. They have a really nice lunch buffet from 11:30-3pm. Great naan and excellent service.Definitely the place when I'm in town! Great work.
4	Delicious food. Nice environment. Friendly staff. Just a little pricey then most Indian foodDelicious food. Nice environment. Friendly staff. Just a little pricey then most Indian food
5	Very busy...make reservations
4	This was our second trip to the Bistro for their gluten free menu. Service and prices were good. It was a little more spicy this time and we said we wanted it at a 3 to 4 with a 10 being the hottest. Would hate to see what a 10 would be. I know this is subjective, but just be prepared. Also, the Bistro was filled with Indians with only one other Caucasian couple -- I think that is huge compliment to how good and authentic the food is. I highly suggest the Bistro.
4	Wow... this place is awesome! Went here with a friend and had the tasting pre-fix dinner we couldnt even finish it! And for $40 bucks not bad at all!! came with appetizer and desert, cant beat it!.
5	Best Indian restaurant In the Las Vegas We were on vacation and did not knew where to eat ready review online and went there we were their everyday while we were In Las Vegas all I have to say is 5 star restaurant also the owner came to our table and made sure everything was ok. Thank you guys for good food away from home.
4	Nice location, nice decor ( very modern and straight) and amazing food ( we had the indian dinner for 2 - which was enough for the three of us). Attentative service, never had to run on empty.
4	Stopped in last Friday for the lunch buffet. I'm not very familiar with Indian food though I've always wanted to try it and this place had a good Yelp rating so that's how we ended up there. The food was very good, once I determined what everything was and tried several small portions. The servers were quick to refill our water (we had a large party) and the restaurant seemed very clean.
1	Not sure where to start with this placeHere are some things to note:- The wait situation was way out of hand when we got there.  We got an empty promise of 15-20 mins when we actually waited 40 mins- The manager was rude- Service overall was bland like the foodI would give my money to India Palace any day.  That place is the real deal.
5	Mint was delicious. The service was prompt and attentive. The mango lassis were thick and tasty.The neighborhood around the strip mall is a little rough (we had to run the beggar gauntlet on our way in) but once you're inside it is one of the nicest Indian restaurants we've been too. Do not miss the chance to get away from the casinos for a real meal. If you enjoy Indian food you will not be disappointed.
4	This place has the best food that I have tasted in a long time. I love spices and the combinations are the best from 1-10 let's me decide depending on my taste buds. My fav on the menu is the Andhra Curry with shrimp. Every time I visit Vegas...this is one of my stops before returning home.
4	I've just turned Vegan and I am still figuring out what to eat. A friend and I split the Vegan Prix-Fixe dinner. It was just wonderful. I never knew eating Vegan could be this good. I look forward to my next visit to Las Vegas. I will definitely come back to Mint Indian Bistro.
5	THis place is the best Indian food I've had in all of Vegas.Except it being super cold in there, everything else was perfect.THey actually make the food spicy here.We ordered samosas as an app. The tamarind chutney was the best I've ever had.For dinner, I got the chicken tikka masala at level 8 HOT! and the hubbs got a veggie khorma at a level 7...also supper hot!the raita (yogurt) was a smaller order than I would've liked but it was really good.
4	Was looking for a lunch place near the National Atomic Testing Museum and up popped Mint on Yelp. Good choice.  The lunch buffet at $11 was more than we are used to paying but there were more and more-varied selections.  Everything was good but be warned, a lot of things were HOT!  (Even the saag was hotter than the chicken vindaloo!)  They have a large selection of beers and wine, including organic choices, and lassi cocktails.  The bill for 2 buffets and 2 glasses of Loma Larga chardonnay came to $50.  I wouldn't make a special trip here if we return to Las Vegas but I can recommend it if you are in the area and have a hankering for Indian.
3	Parking is very limited. I would recommend car pooling if you are coming with a group. The inside is very quaint. They even have a cute little patio.I went during the lunch buffet and it was pretty good. I may be butchering the name of this because my phone autocorrected to Andrea and now I can't remember what it was called, but the Ankur? chicken curry was amazing. Chicken literally melted in my mouth. The flavor was perfect. By far my favorite item. The chicken chili was also pretty good. Pieces of chicken made with chopped up chunks of red and green bell peppers. Reminded me of chicken Jalfrezi.Chicken Tikka Masala was a different color than I've normally seen. It was ok but I think I had a hard time getting past the way it looked. I just couldn't' eat it. I prefer mine to be more consistently creamy and a little darker in color. This one was almost the color of salmon.The Chicken Ttandoori was as good as I've ever had before, definitely worth it. I didn't see Raita on the buffet line. I probably could have asked for it, but they were really busy and I didn't want to be a bother. I guess I was really thirsty because I finished my first glass of water quickly, instead of refilling it the server set a carafe of water on my table. Now that I think of it, he never asked me what I wanted to drink. Good thing I wanted water because that's what he brought me. The Naan could have been better. It seemed to be a little dry or hard. I don't think it was fresh. They were a lot of veggie/vegan options and the ones I tried were pretty good (Potato, Sag Aloo and a few others)Bathrooms are small, only one stall per sex.
4	That was a pretty outstanding Indian buffet. I'm not giving it a perfect five because it was a tad expensive and the quality of the chicken could've been better. The soups were superb. Nice attentive service is well. Garlic naan was a good choice, nice flavor.
5	One of the indian restro in Vegas.. Authentic food... Simply love its aaloo tikki chat, paneer tikka and chhole. A bit higher on price as most of main course dishes cost at least 12 bucks. But trust me its worth. Quite near to the strip and airport as well, thats an added point. They also have inferno dished if anyone is looking for. In short if you want quick authentic indian food, this is the place.
4	First Indian good experience , came recommended, was very good at an affordable price
4	The food was really good .  Could be little bit better. The paneer tikka masala was less cooked, gulab jamoon was more chewy. My personal favorite was the chili chicken. It was perfect.
1	Bad food. Raw food. On top of that bad service. Avoid this place unless you are so hungry that you can eat pretty much anything.
4	It is difficult to find a place to satisfy my girlfriends and I since we have a vegan, a picky eater, and someone who has never tried other ethnic foods besides Mexican and American.  It was pretty pack considering it was late Sunday evening. However, we were able to get a table right away and the food came out fast. They have a huge menu that is also vegan & gluten-free friendly (I guess all Indian food). The menu is well organized and laid out with symbols next to each dish to help the diners that have diet restrictions. Almost every dish can be made into vegan or vegetarian. They also have chicken, tofu, and cheese options. We ordered the onion/cilantra paratha, organic veggie samosas, mighty momos with veggie, chicken tikka masala (Hot level 5-it was not spicy), mixed chef's killer kabob, organic alo gobi masala, monterey jack cheese naan and lastly mango and pistachio kulfi for deserts. Not 1 bad dish. Everything was very good including their chutneys. I do wish they gave more rice since they only gave us 2 small bowls to share between 3 people. They seemed to be reasonbly priced.  Our server, Ronald was great and very helpful. The ambience of the place was nice, too.  It was relaxing and calming. You know it's a good Indian restraunt when it is packed with Indian diners! Overall, we are very happy and can't wait to go back.
5	First time here, had samosas, vertical vindaloo with boneless lamb, cool raita & a strawberry lassi. Everything was delicious, hot, pleasantly spiced not too spicy, I could have had spicier but not necessary. I also had garlic naan which wasn't crazy good buy delicious nonetheless. I want to come here for the lunch sometime when I'm free, it really is outstanding.
5	What an amazing culinary experience!  The flavors of the food are vibrant. The spicy noodle soup was amazing with each spoonful better than the last. It's a vegetarian delight.  Huge gluten free menu
4	The food was really great, and it was cool that they had Vegan options.  The service was ok, but they took forever to seat us even though the restaurant wasn't that crowded and there was only one party ahead of us.
5	Excellent indian food! Had the tandoori chicken and the saang with lamb. The chicken cooked perfectly. The saang had big chunks of flavorful lamb, not overpoweringly gamey. The garlic naan...awesome! They also have an extensive beer collection. Its a small place and its pretty busy so i recommend making a reservation. We waited about 20 minutes, but it was worth it. This is my go to spot for indian food in Vegas!
5	A "5" for the Dosa, Lassi's, and the service!  On a separate occasion we took in-laws (from India) for the lunch buffet; they said it was the best they've had in a long time.  I would love to see them offer a Chinese Dosa or Genie Dosa!
4	One of the best indian restaurants,I have been to. Hopefully they open one up in san jose. Naan was fresh, vegetarian curries are well made and spiced to excellence. I want to give 4.5 for this restaurant.ambience is also very good.I would recommend it to my friends visiting las vegas.
4	I don't ever go out for Indian food, seeing that I can just make it at home and most of the time restaurants just don't do Indian food any justice. But mint is really true to the Indian flavors. It's just like my grandmothers homemade food. Really enjoy their lunch buffet. But lunch is always busy so be patient!! I didn't give them 5 stars bc the service isn't great . I had dinner with myFamily there and the service was awful.
4	The food is awesome!!! Really what I expected.... Nice ambiance too!!!We ordered for different fried rice, and all items were too good!!! Best restaurant for indian food!!!
4	Tried Veg dinner for 2 option. Its expensive but Food was good. Sampler has 4 curries almost all are good. Dal is average. Overall food is good and service is good.
5	OH MINT HOW I LOVE YOU!!!Best service and best food!My husband and I have been going here since we first started dating and now our two kids even love it!Forever a Mint lover!
4	Finding Mint Indian Bistro is like finding an oasis in the desert. Where the oasis would be a really good Indian restaurant and the desert, well, is Las Vegas. My experiences are based on dinner and not the lunch buffet. Their staff is very accommodating here and are experienced in dealing with large families and groups with small children. On busy evenings, you can flag down any of their waitstaff for assistance. I've never made a reservation here and have not waited more than 15 minutes during my last few visits. I love the extensive and almost daunting menu filled with northern and southern Indian dishes. We usually start off with some samosas and the Bhel Puri, which is an Indian snack food made of puffed rice. I always have to get garlic naan with my meals. The naan is an Indian flat bread that's served hot out of the oven and has a wonderful texture. The bread is great for sopping up the sweet curry sauce of their Tikka Masala. Another dish to try is the smoky and aromatic lamb dish called Rogan Josh. If you're adventurous, they have plenty of other delicious dishes to choose from and also serve vegetarian fare.
1	We went there for dinner. We ordered idli, chana masala, chicken curry and man, they were all bad. The food is expensive in general and for the food they serve, the prices are outrageous.
5	I'm from Arizona and I thought I knew good Indian food until I went to mint. Oh my goodness this place was so great! First walking in, the ambiance was quaint and comfortable. The servers were very friendly. I have a gluten free/vegan diet and i was surprised how many vegan and organic options they have on the menu. The food was incredible I couldn't believe it was vegan! Definitely going to dine here again. GreAt experience.
4	Really good food and very reasonable prices.I'll be back :)
5	Awesome food.. Andhra chicken and chicken chilly was very good.... I desert Mango Custard and Gulab Jamun were good. They served hot naan, nana were soft and very good.... I didnt tried anything in Veg, but friends liked vegetarian too...
4	Fantastic Indian food. I tried the minced chicken uttapam. Really well made and fills you up pretty well.The ambience is fantastic and the service is courteous too.
5	I think this is one of the greatest Indian restaurants in Vegas. I end up eating here all three dinners while we were in Vegas. This place has extensive menu. Most Indian restaurants I have been to, with extensive menu items are not so great. Once, we ordered lamb chops, fried idli, biryani, chicken kadai, different types of parathas, various lassis, vegetarian grill stuff, etc. We didn't leave a peace :). We just liked all the items. Last but not the least, the staff are also courteous.
1	Don't come here alone, there's no seating and they won't give up a booth for one person.
1	I would never recommend this place to whoever is looking for authentic Indian food , it's not at all close to traditional Indian taste n palette! We went after checking a few reviews but as they say "don't judge a book by its cover" was so true !!! We tried Mumbai pav bhaji and the only way to describe it was "urghhhh" what did I order !!! Folks from Mumbai will be thoroughly disappointed. The only thing I would recommend n give 3 stars was the bhindi kurkure or okra fritters they were good.So my friends after a long drive to Vegas if u r looking to relax the evening with a good Indian dinner don't go this way :(
5	Great off-strip choice that is allergen-friendly. All the options on the buffet are clearly labeled and so many choices are both gluten & dairy free. Gf breads only available for dinner buffet but no shortage of carbs. Discounted prices for the kids are much  appreciated. I like the blend of both north and South Indian choices. I've been to Indian 3 times and this food is fabulous. The restaurant full of Indians seem to agree. Will definitely eat here again next time I'm in Vegas!
5	We love this place. Every time we have gone the food and service have been amazing. You can pretty much choose anything on the menu and be assured that's its good. We enjoy taking out of town guests here.
5	Of all the Indian food places in Vegas,  this is my favorite. My wife and I came in for the buffet and it was excellent. The food is mildly spiced just the way I like.  There are a strong variety of Indian dishes to choose from. The tikka masala was delicious. I enjoyed the veggie khurma also. We have been disappointed several times with indian food places in Vegas. This is is a must try. Would recommend to my friends.
4	Stopped in for the lunch buffet after a morning of golf, on the recommendation of some of my Indian coworkers.  What a great find!  The food was reasonably priced and tasted great!  A little spicier than most of the Indian restaurants I've been to, but that doesn't bother me.  The buffet was pretty big - I really like the chicken korma and tika masala, and the galob jamon for dessert was everything I hoped it would be!  We had a mango lassi, and a cherry lassi for the first time ever - both were really good.  Can't wait to go back and order off the regular menu!
3	Came here for the lunch buffet.  I do not know if the food here would be considered authentic, but I think the food is delicious and I was not disappointed at all. I would recommend this place.
4	Very good Indian food.  Nann was thin and delicious.  Might just be my favorite Indian restaurant.
4	It's been a while since I've treated my inner Indian, so I tried this based on yelp reviews. I was not disappointed. Ordered an appetizer of samosas. They were not quite as crispy and bursting with flavor as the ones I remember from my early years In South Africa, but would definitely have them again.Ordered the lamb Karma Korma for the entree. I asked for the mild spice, since i don't normally like the really hot dishes, but I probably could have gone with the medium spice. Flavors were well blended with a hint of sweetness. Accompanied it with a side of garlic naan, perfect for mopping up the left over sauce.I'll definitely come back again when I'm in town.
4	this is an update from my last review...the dine in buffet at after noon is good..
4	Been several times for the lunch buffet. Staff is helpful and friendly in pointing out vegan options. Very tasty, if even a bit greasy and salty. The $4.95 one tea-bag tea is a bit pricey though. I'll stick with the buffet option from now on. What's up with the staff asking for my phone # and e addy simply to place me in the que for a table? It's quite a nice restaurant though, especially considering the strip-mall it's in is not so hot.
5	I've been craving Indian curry for the longest! and Mint always satisfies my "fix". Service:our waiter was patient and answered every question I had. refilled our drinks in a timely manner. Offered rice when I was running low. He was awesome. Food:We ordered chicken tandoori, lamb korma, garlic naan and lamb samosa. Chicken was cooked perfect, succulent white and flavorful. Korma was so good that I took a piece of bread to scrape off the last drop. garlic naan..who doesn't like garlic bread? The samosa was ok. Nothing to rave about but still completes the experience. I can't wait to try their lunch buffet. if your on the east side of town..come check this place out!
4	Yum!!! definitely one of my favorite places to grab a quick lunch. Super close to UNLV and the strip, very accessible. They usually have a lunch buffet which is a great price and if you are a UNLV student you'll get like a 10% discount as well. The food is delicious and their is a large variety of items in their buffet. They of course serve naan as well, my personal favorite is the garlic naan because who doesn't love garlic?!Each time I have came they have always been super attentive and great with customer service as well. Love their bone in goat curry, paneer (actually any paneer dish!) tiki masala, and you gotta get  a lassi drink, especially if it's your first time at an indian place. Definitely a good choice if you're in the neighborhood!
3	Over priced food that isn't worth the hype. We ordered the variety platter for two that included appetizers and dessert because we wanted to try as much food as possible.  Their  tandoori chicken is really good, but nothing else was impressive. Our search for the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas continues!
4	my boyfriend surprised me on valentines day and took me to this restaurant. it's been awhile since i had indian food and so far this is one of my favorites. i haven't try their kabobs but the curry's are to die for! i will definitely come and dine here again. The servers were so nice!
4	Really delicious Indian food and good service.  Some of the best saag I've had in a while and chicken tikka masala had a rich hearty sauce.  Will definitely go back.
5	I haven't had Indian food this good since I left Chennai, India. Everything was amazing from the naan bread to the spicy chicken; even the Indian beer! I highly recommend this place.
5	The food was great and the service was also.  It's a small and unique feeling atmosphere at the Mint Indian Bistro especially when the place is full, which seems to be most of the time.  It might be because the food almost takes you to India with the wonderful smell of curry, garlic naan and tikka masala in the air.  We had a special Valentine's dinner at the Mint Indian Bistro and will definitely dine there again. Maybe we'll bring friends, but if we all start doing that the secret will get out and you'll never get a table. I recommend you try this jewel of a spot and predict you'll be hooked too.
5	My husband and I had no idea what to expect!  We are not familiar with Indian food but the menu and the reviews were super enticing.   For a person with lots of good restrictions this place is a GEM!!! The staff is so helpful and knowledgable of all their food!  Our meal was delicious, can't wait to try more on their Massive menu!
5	My wife and I have been wanting to try a new indian place for a while now, and omg are we happy we chose Mint.  Everything was beyond delicious (seriously there are no words).   I ate until it hurt and it was worth it.  Counting the days until we can go back.
4	This place has good indian buffet. My all time favorite when ever I am in Vegas. I am an Indian. Love the food here, homemade fresh.
4	Woooo! 400th reviewer! I've been here twice now - the first time for dinner and the second time for the lunch buffet. I'll just go over the overall points.Generally good service. Sometimes the waiters are awkward and there was one young fellow in particular who looked like he hated his job. Everyone is knowledgeable in the food and readily answers questions though, which is great for me because I barely know anything about Indian food.The food is bomb and I'm seriously craving it right now. One time, the chicken in the chicken Marsala was dry though, so that was strange. But overall, everything is seasoned to how I like it (a rare occurrence) and I was delightfully surprised by the mango yogurt! So good.Outside of the lunch buffet, it's a little overpriced but you get a good amount of food made with quality ingredients and care. I like that they label things in categories like vegan or gluten-free. Very helpful for those who have limited diets.My favorite was probably this lamb dish during the lunch buffet which I cannot remember but I assure you, it was awesome. I love the garlic naan, which I wish came in some heated basket (in my dreams) because it gets cold so fast! Tastes so much better warm.Great location by UNLV and I'm trying to get a group to eat lunch there with me right now!
4	At the end of a long day the 5 of us who all love Indian food decided that's what we wanted. We waited the 30 minutes they told us it would take for our take out and the food was exceptional. I esp like the option of hot spice in a 1-10 scale. Nice folks too.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars I certainly would! Indian good is absolutely one of my favorite cuisines, and The Mint is most definitely the best in Vegas. I have dined at nearly all the Indian restaurants around town and as a Concierge it is my job to know the best places to dine in the city. I always refer my guests here for the authentic amazing food and genuine service. I can't wait until my next dining experience! If you like to try new things I highly recommend one of the tasting experiences you will not be disappointed!
4	I probably wouldn't have ever ventured out to Mint if it weren't for my Vegan friends but I'm glad that I did!I have no concerns when it comes to food except for my slight lactose intolerance but if you are one of those who are vegetarian, vegan, or have any kind of dietary restrictions, Mint is the spot for you. The first page of the menu explains what every symbol beside each entree means. So if you don't eat meat, dairy, gluten, nuts, and etc ... Mint has you covered. (see photo below)Our orders were taken on an iPad mini where every possible alteration to any dish is already programmed into the app that they use. I believe that they also have an app that you can download on your smart phones to order before coming into the restaurant. Sweet!! Nice to see a restaurant seeking out new ways to better service their guests. Not something you see everyday in most restaurants. Food was excellent. The vegan tikka masala was great.  I also tried my friend's potato curry which was good but I am a carnivore so I probably would've enjoyed one of their meat curries a bit more. Heard great things about their lunch buffet so I will definitely have to come back for that. Can't wait!
4	Very nice customer service
2	I wish we would've just gone to our old standby Tamba which was not even a block from the hotel, but the wife (who NEVER wants to try anything new) wanted to try a new Indian restaurant.  The service was somewhat inattentive.  We had hot supposedly Chai tea, but no one brought out any kind of sweetener until we requested some.  (I should've had a nice cold Taj Mahal beer.)  The food was just fair with the standout being the malai kofta.  The tandoori mixed grill (lamb and swordfish) and saag paneer were pretty bland.  I've had way better food back home in Maryland.  They spoiled me rotten apparently.  Next time we're in Vegas and want Indian we know where NOT to go.
4	Very good restaurant! We had mostly South Indian food! Food was delicious; service was ok but they were bit crowded n able to accommodate our big group with little time!
5	My favorite place to eat & as always Ron gives wonderful customer service!!! The Mango masala without nuts due to allergy :) They also carry around a Ipad so that you could see the picture of the food and they will describe the flavors! Oh how I love this place!
5	Always a great atmosphere. Good greetings and service that you would expect from higher end restaurants. Very well run and the food overall is by far the best Indian I've had ( am from India ) cheers. Try the lamp stir fry with your kingfisher beer. Awesome combo with the spicy lamb and beer
2	went for lunch buffet - it was just ok. I've definitely had better.Chicken Tikka Masala was dry (even though it was buried in gravy). Pakora was burnt to a crisp.Fresh garlic naan brought to table was wonderful - so was the Tandoori chicken - juicy and flavorful.
5	We have been here one other time, but we think it was even better this time round.Took some friends and they loved it as much as we did.  The flavors, the regions, all the fresh and organic ingredients, really made the food outstanding.Good staff that is helpful in ordering the right combination of dishes.Delicious and would recommend it highly and priced right.
5	The lunch buffet has gotten SO good here! Oh my my - a fantastic, large, and well-executed selection of vegetarian and non-veg buffet items. A thicker Tikka Masala curry (both veg and chicken) than their previous recipe. A long row of creative curries. Even Chicken Vindaloo. Full disclosure - this was probably my 14th time eating the lunch buffet here and I have never liked it as much as this trip. I actually stopped coming here because I felt there was a lack of selection and no variety (always the same buffet items). The last time I came here was in the Summer of 2013. We were driving by and hungry and a what-the-hell moment ensued. We went to Mint for the first time in almost a year.Clearly lots has improved, and I am a huge fan. The Mt. Everest Indian restaurant on Sahara has a lot to live up to now (I've eaten at Mt. Everest close to 25-30 times.) Mint is my new favorite Indian lunch buffet spot in Las Vegas, no contest.
4	I really enjoy their lunch buffet.  Every time I eat here, I leave full and satisfied.  I good place to eat for sure.
5	If you live or are visiting Vegas this is a must! The food was amazing and well priced.  I was dining with a Vegan and though I don't typically eat vegetarian or Vegan the food was amazing and I couldn't tell the difference. Bold flavors, a foodie paradise! We had the vegan tasting menu all was really good, except the desert, some things just can't be vegan sorry lol
3	Was craving Indian and saw a bunch of Elites raved about this place, so it made the top of my list despite being further than I wanted to travel. Called in my order for takeout and headed on over. Upon entering, saw that the restaurant itself was a bit nicer and more upscale than I expected. Service was a bit lackluster- waited for a bit at the door before being acknowledged, my boxed food was waiting at a table with a manager-looking guy who brought over my receipt and took my card with a series of gestures, then ran my card and disappeared without a thank you or asking if I needed anything else. That probably explains why I didn't get any utensils or napkins, nor did I add on another side or additional naan as I'd originally planned. And there were only two tables seated at 5:30PM so it's not because they were busy.I found this place to be a bit pricey. I like that half-size entrees are available for a slightly-lesser fee, but found that the decrease in pricing (usually around $3) isn't worth the decrease in product. Lesson learned. For three half-size entrees, one container of rice was provided. Also ordered one garlic naan. Total was around $40, which is a bit steep. I always have difficulty paying so high for a la carte indian food when the buffet prices are so cheap for so much. I feel like there's a discrepancy there that should result in lower prices rather than higher, but whatever.Quality made my entree choices worthwhile: saag paneer, baingan bharta, and lamb korma. The saag was decent but I prefer mine a little saucier, this one was a lot of spinach and good-sized cubes of paneer but the dish seemed as if it hadnt been cooked down long enough. Best eaten with the garlic naan, which was fragrant and delicious.Baingan bharta was ordered exclusively based on recommendations here on Yelp, and I was not disappointed. It was flavorful and I appreciated that the sauce was on the thicker side, which allowed for it to go well with the rice. The lamb korma is the only dish that had any spice to it whatsoever, and it was quite mild despite ordering a 5/10- at Thai restaurants, that'll get you a spicy dish, but I guess Indian is a little more laid back with the scale. I know now for next time. Dish didn't have quite as much lamb as expected for a $10 portion.Speaking of portions, I was a little confused by the portions and packing of my takeout.I appreciated that the half-size entree portions were packed in plastic lidded containers and wrapped in plastic to ensure that nothing spilled. But the size of the portions themselves were on the small side- think the smallest hummus containers at the grocery. That size. Going to put this on the list to try again for the lunch buffet, thinking that will be a better value and possibly a better overall experience. Good quality, vast menu of options including several vegetarian dishes.
2	Pretty average Indian buffet.  Not enough vegetable dishes, everything had meat and we can't eat meat.  Green tea was $5.00 which seemed high.
5	Atmosphere: Modern and clean but also cozy at the same time.Service: Excellent to the point where the waiter seemed like he was always there. But hey, it's better than trying to flag down waiters.Food: We got the pre-fixe dinner for 2. There was so much food, it was essentially a dinner for 4! I like the pre-fixe because you can try a little bit of everything without getting a full a la carte sized dish. The dishes here are solid and fresh.
4	Excellent service and an extensive menu. Great value in all ways.
4	We like it! Pretty yummy! Love their daal makhni & garlic naan! Hmmm...Quick, buffet style lunch... The wait staff is very pleasant and attentive...We have been dying to come here... Glad we finally did!Taste buds are pleasantly pleased!~your constant companion,Deirdra
5	As a guru Indian....this is the best Indian food in Vegas.  Don't waste your time going anywhere else
4	Lunch buffet was great. Not too pricey as well. Freshly prepared garlic naan was great too. Vegetarian options are little bit less but I guess how much one vegetarian can eat... It's okay. I Would give three and half stars to this place ( count my four stars as three and half really)
4	The inferno menu is no joke.  I eat all kinds of spicy food.  I grind my own Trinidad scorpion moruga, ghost, and habanero mix.  I got crushed by the inferno curry. I had to stop halfway through my meal due to a stomach ache from the SEVEN TABLESPOONS of ghost chili powder that they use in the meal. The food tasted delicious and the service was great.
4	I have become a fan of east Indian food and Mint Indian Bistro did not disappoint.  The goat curry and the eggplant curry were delicious.  They of course had other curries.  The service was excellent.  They could be more friendly, however, they were not "standoffish".  This is a must try in Vegas. Yummy!
4	During lunch they offer a buffet and have about 8 different entrees ranging from vegetarian to those with meat, gluten free options and a variety of sauces and accompaniments. This is a great way to sample different dishes without having to order the entire restaurant. But, Indian food is not for those with a low tolerance for spicy (hot) food. The fresh naan is wonderful and great for dipping in these flavorful dishes because most entrees do contain a good amount of heat (probably 3-4 On a Thai 1-5 scale). Worth checking out and they open at 11AM which reservations aren't really recommended till after 12PM.
5	Love this place! The staff is always pleasant and the food is delicious! Being a vegetarian, they have tons of amazing options. I always leave here full and happy.
5	This was definitely the best Indian food I've had in a long while. Went with some coworkers while at a conference and was impressed with the dish selection, descriptions to aid some of the folks in the group who hadn't had much Indian food, and the helpful service. In a sea of glitz and glamour on the strip, this was a refreshing winner!
4	awesome food - the sampling menu has a lot of food and two of us could not finish it! We walked in without a reservation and they still were able to accommodate us.
5	The lunch buffet is one of the best Indian lunch buffets I've ever had.  With a great mixture of meat, veg, and vegan dishes so many if them were delicious.  The tandoori chicken was covered in grilled onions and lemon wedges (awesome), the garlic naan was soft, warm, flavorful and the size of a side plate, and the rices were perfectly cooked.  The goat was tasty if you like the flavor of goat.  There was also a dessert called Gulab Jamun which was like donut holes soaked in syrup.  Each bite was like a juicy sweet sex party in my mouth Lol.  The only thing I wished was that the signage for the buffet items was more detailed.  Some of the names meant nothing to me.  I might not've tried the Gulab because I thought it was either a floating fruit or some kind of egg.  Lol.  Try this place, it's great.
5	If you are looking for the best Indian food in Las Vegas, your search ends here. This is one of the few Indian places that nails it down on quality, taste, service, ambiance and price!Went here for a weekend lunch buffet. Priced at $12.99/person, it is unbeatable good quality Indian food (you could tell by the sheer number of Indian folks eating here and the long queue of those waiting to get a table). The buffet had a varied collection of items including appetizers, salads, four veg, four non veg curries, rice and dessert. Some top show stoppers were Vegetable Korma, Paneer, Idli Sambar, Veg Pakoras, Bhelpuri and Naan. Food was flavourful, hot and fresh (unlike many places where dishes just keep sitting for long on buffet racks). Each curry tasted authentic, distinct from another and cooked to perfection. Also tried their Masala Tea (not included in the buffet) and it was good.Service was fast, attentive and friendly and this is despite the rush on a busy Saturday afternoon.  Decor is simple yet pleasing to the eyes.For those of you, who might be tempted to try many other low priced Indian buffets in town (mostly at $9 or $10), trust me this one might be a little pricey but it is top value for your dollar. This place serves delicious food and has great ambiance & service!Tip: Lunch hour gets real crowded on Sat & Sun, so ditch the long waiting time (sometimes upto 30-35 mins for a table inside and 20 mins for an outside seating) by making it for an early lunch. Also, if you are not used to having Indian food, this could prove to be a little on the spicy side for you.  So what could improve? This is for the restaurant owner/ management/ staff:1. Do away with those paper cup glasses. They look cheap and take away the charm from the entire food experience.2. Including a drink in the buffet like Tea or Mango Lassi can help you beat the competition that comes at a similar price.
4	After spending a week in Vegas on the strip, a few of us wanted to unwind with a more flavoured meal in quieter surroundings. We could not have picked a better place - the decor is fine, and it is a very relaxing environment - a far cry from the hustle and bustle of the strip. We started with popadoms and samosa chat. For the mains we had goat biryani, makhni daal, karahi chicken and garlic naan. It was all very well prepared and presented. The 'hot' dishes were a bit mild for my taste, but after a week of eating at the hotels, it really was a joyous dinner. The service was absolutely top notch and waiters made sure we were looked after without being over-imposing. All in all a great place to go and eat when in Vegas if you're looking for great food and the opportunity to unwind.
4	Food was tasty. They had a good buffet. I liked the mango custard too!
3	Went twice for lunch buffet.Food was okay.idly was not good.liked curd and mango custard
5	Easily the best Indian place in Vegas. Amazing dishes and killer naan! The friendly service here is always a welcome bonus. Try anything here... you'll love it.
4	I came here around 8:30 on a Saturday night and was surprised at how busy it was. Every table was full or had reservations except for one table outside and a small two person table top inside. My friend and I chose the small table top inside because the outside area didn't look too appetizing.I ordered the pakoda as an appetizer for the first time, I usually order the samosas even though I am not a huge fan. The pakoda was fried and had a nice flavor but I didn't taste much Indian spice. I also ordered the chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, garlic naan, and mango lassi. All of the curries were solid, my only complaint is that everything came out luke warm except for the garlic naan. The garlic naan came out piping hot and I had to wait a while until I was able to tear it because it was not cut. Mango lassi was one of the best I have had and even though I was full I drank all of it.Best Indian I have tried in Vegas but portions are kind of small for the price point.
5	I've been to Mint 8 times about half the time for lunch buffet and half for dinner.  Tonight, we stopped for dinner to try their new menu.  NOTE:  They have many new items on the menu and they continue to have their original items.The first page of the new menu is the Inferno menu.  All dishes on this page are made with ghost peppers.  You have to sign a waiver before eating from this menu our server RS told us.  There's one challenge that if you finish, you get your photo on their Wall of Fame and you get a $50 Mint gift card for future use.  I don't think it's accepted by any hospitals.  (Michael K, this might be something you'd want to try!)In addition, the new menu has soups and salads and appetizers of various kinds.  There are so many things to try it seems like a good UYE with 5 or 6 people to share the items.For tonight, I chose the Vertical Vindaloo with lamb.  The menu change also allows you to order vindaloo and choose the protein you want--cheese, lamb, veggies, goat (bone in), swordfish, shrimp--and you choose your spiciness from 1 to 10.  I chose 7 and I could have had more spice.  8 or 9 next time.  My wife ordered the Maharaja Tikka Masala with chicken breast (again choice of protein similar to the vindaloo).  She chose a spiciness of 3.  We also got an order of buttered garlic naan.Everything was excellent!  The vindaloo had good spicy flavor and the sauce was very flavorful.  There were cut potatoes in the sauce, too.  My wife enjoyed her dinner and she also expressed that it could be spicier.  Wow, are we going to 4 or 5 next time?  What happened to my gabacha?  The naan was the tastiest we've had here.  It wasn't quartered like other times but served in one large round that we tore apart.After dinner, she got khir and I pistachio kulfi.  I've had the khir before and while good, I wanted to try something different.  The pistachio ice cream was really, really good.  I asked RS if it was made in house or could I go to the Indian store and get it out of the freezer.  Sure enough, it's made in house.  There goes that idea for a repeat.RS was quite a pleasant server!  He refilled my iced tea when I was getting low and he gave us chance to look over the menu with no hurry and then was ready to answer any questions.I have a couple of other Indian restaurants to try, but for me, either for lunch buffet or dinner, Mint tops all the others.  It is very good!
5	Best indian Indian food in all of Vegas if not anywhere!  Incredible beer selection and staff is on it. Good prices for great food.
1	Currently sitting here in Mint writing this review.  We organized a group to come and try the inferno challenge.  We arrived at 2pm so the non challengers could have the buffet and when the dinner menu started at 3pm the challenge could take place.  On arrival we told the staff our plans.  40 mins after arrival they inform us they don't have the ingredients for the challenge.  So wasted trip for us.  No retribution offered, just told to call them in a week to see if they have it again .
5	The buffet is great! Lamb korma and chicken tikka masala are my faves and it is included in the lunch buffet! The interior of the place makes you feel like you're in a fine dining restaurant. Prices were reasonable. I will be coming back"
5	This is the best Indian food in Las Vegas.. Hands down.   I travel all of the world and I'm careful saying something is good versus the best.   If your used to eating trash Indian food.. You won't like this place.   This is real Indian food.   You can am as judge an Indian restaurant by the number of Indians that come here as guests.   Every time I come here there are Indian families here.  The best part about it.. It's off the strip only 5-10 mins and most people are locals.   I have been coming here for years and seen these guy seen these guys grow.   They have  a huge beer list(exotic) beer.. Gluten free options.   Wife is gluten free so this place always is a must.   They are a hard working family that waits on every table regardless of who your server is.    I've eaten here about 20 times as its always consist.   They will also click a taxi for you that can get there in about 5-10 mins so no worries coming back.   If you have 4 or more... Plan on reservations.
5	I went to Mint on a recent trip to Vegas.  I had been there during my last trip and was so happy with their food that I decided to go back there. It was a wise decision!!! :DMy family and I had 2 meals there during this trip.  The first was lunch buffet.  They have so many dishes in the buffet and all of them taste excellent.  The idli was super fluffy and the coconut chutney tasted great.  Pakoda was super crispy and was made with all kinds of vegetables. Chilli chicken was supremely tasty.  Came back very satisfied, happy and ready to gamble some more! ;)The second time we went for dinner and again we were not disappointed.  We had fried okra - crispy fried okra chips.  I had never eaten this before and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The food we ordered was really good (roti, mushroom mutter(served with rice), and idli sambar).  The waiter serving us was super nice and accommodated our change request after we had placed our order.  Excellent customer service topped over excellent food is a great combination !!  Will definitely go there again on my next trip to Vegas!
4	The atmosphere of the restaurant was a little strange at first. As soon as we walked in, the staff seemed a bit surprised to see us. They were friendly and courteous, but I got this "uh oh" vibe.Once we were seated and started looking over the menu, things settled into a "ahh" vibe.Looking through a menu for food that I'm not super familiar with can be a bit daunting, but I went with what I know about Indian food. Majaraja tikka masala, vindaloo, naan, saag and rice. Can't go wrong!We were given an appetizer on the house - I forget what it's called and forgive my ignorance but they were like super thin taco shells with a mint sauce and chutney. Really great. We enjoyed them, then the main dishes arrived.Everything tasted AWESOME. Their tikka masala is a bit more tangy than I am used to, but it was delicious. Vindaloo was spicy (level 3) in a good way, not a burn on the way out way. We were devouring our food... Nearby patrons were ordering lassi drinks but I was afraid that combo of lassi and curries would lock me up in the bathroom for too long.I'm really happy with our experience here and would definitely visit again during a long-term Vegas stay.
5	I went here to meet up some friends for late lunch and surprisingly, there was still a wait at 1:45pm. They have an iPad by the door so you can put your name down and the number of people in your party. I waited 10 minutes which isn't bad.We came here for the lunch buffet since I've been hearing good things. Our naan took a rather long time but at least they gave us unlimited garlic naan. There's another Indian restaurant a few miles away from here that also has a lunch buffet but that place turned me off when they kept giving me excuses as to why they can't give me garlic naan (i.e. "We ran out of garlic" when there's a supermarket right behind them). This place is in a better location and looks nicer and cleaner. The service is better too. For less than $15 for a buffet, you can't go wrong.I liked that there's a good variety of dishes for their lunch buffet: tikka masala, palak paneer, tofu, veggies, spicy chicken, curry and other savory dishes. Their gulab jamun was just right - hot, sweet and cheesy balls. Yum! The food was excellent. Hooray for huge chunks of chicken! The sauces were spot on. There was this mystery dish that we all tried without reading the label - was it cheese or was it tofu? It was the texture of cubed mozzarella without the stomach ache-inducing property of cheese on somebody who's lactose intolerant. So, it probably was tofu.I'll definitely come back again and again.
5	The staff was awesome, they seated us in minutes even thought we didn't have a reservation. The food was as usual amazing. I would come back again. I loved the mango lassi, and the pineapple curry. My husband had the  chicken saag and was very very happy.
3	Sitting at the Mint, ordered 3 different wines and they were out of all 3 of them. My friend had decided to get Ras malai as soon as she saw it on the menu and come to find out the didn't have any. Why list them on the menu if you don't plan to carry or serve this food. Moreover, we asked for not too spicy food and one of our curry was really spicy. The service was good, food when not spicy was as good as other indian restaurant in the area, and the decor is very bland. Maybe i went here on their off day so gave them 3 stars, may return to see if things have improved, otherwise there are better choices out there for Indian food.
5	I tried Mint for the first time today. Walking in I was immediately bombarded with wonderful smells. We were greeted at the door by a friendly host who turned out to be our server. He was friendly, prompt, and attended to our table often, but not often enough to be annoying or pushy. We ordered the prefix vegetarian meal for 2 (spicy level 5) and the Andrha Curry (spicy level 8). We were three people but had enough for 4 or 5. The appetizer soup was excellent, the naan was fresh, and all the dishes were excellent. Food: 10/10Prices: ReasonableAmbience/Environment: Casual, but could be great for a date or business lunch. Service: 10+/10 FANTASTICI can't wait to be back!
1	Bad customer service here and people are super slow.I asked the waiter to add one more item to our order and he said he doesn't know who our table helper is and simply left - without letting us know whether he added or not.Secondly, it took an hour to get the order.Overall super bad experience.
5	The lunch buffet was excellent with some items I've never seen at other restaurants. Also, every item was labeled for dietary restrictions: vegetarian, gluten free, etc.
4	First time there, went to the lunch buffet with a couple of friends and it was amazing.Tons of vegetarian options. Love it!
2	Like another reviewer mentioned service here is always awkward and uncomfortable. While I was still placing my order the waiter said you should order the full size of curry because the small size is very little. First off I was not finished ordering and I just felt like he was trying to up sell me. Also I have been here before so I know the portions and have been served by this same waiter. On this visit, I ordered the mango lassi; garlic naan; chicken tikka masala; andhra curry. Mango lassi is still my favorite in town. I still don't understand why the garlic naan is not cut so when it comes out piping hot I have to wait a bit to actually tear it apart. The chicken in the tikka masala was dry even though it is buried in a cream sauce. The Indian spices in the andhra curry are overpowering to where you cannot taste the coconut milk or the fresh veggies. The lack of attention to detail paired with the uncomfortable environment gives MINT two stars.
3	Great to know they have a Jain Menu!  The service was a little slow but good food.
5	Mint is the best Indian restaurant I've found in Vegas. The quality is consistently excellent each time I visit.  I stick to the vegetarian options, and have not been disappointed by anything I've tried. I've dined with meat eaters, and they have also enjoyed the experience. The menu also features several vegan options. I usually stick with the curry dishes. The veggies are always fresh tasting, and the bread is always hot from the oven. I recently tried the hot and sour soup, it was delicious - very spicy and well balanced. The menu also features a prix fixe option to allow for sampling.I would agree that the service can be a little awkward or impersonal at times, but I've never found it to be unpleasant or slow. Obviously, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	Best indian lunch buffet in town!!! You will not be disappointed.
3	Let me start by saying I've been a really big fan for years, it was my #1 Indian food.  Today was a total meal of mediocrity at the buffet. Began with the fried veggies which were both cold & unchewable. Then so happy to see Chicken Korma until I realize it's thigh not breast. Chili Chicken very good as was the Garlic Naan but the rest was totally "off" for me today. Will now search for another #1. Forgot to mention this was straight up Noon & last visit a couple weeks ago was not good either. Is it just me or do others think Tandoori Chicken should be a bit crispy on the outside?
5	This place is absolutely amazing! If you're looking for tasty, authentic Indian cuisine this is the place to try. We had the chicken tikka masala which was amazing, the salad with tandoori chicken, na'an bread and the chicken tandoori. Every single dish was absolutely amazing, the whole family agreed on 5 stars. There were multiple people coming around to refill drinks and get you anything else you may need, the owner came by multiple times to make sure everything was great, just as he promised it would be. This is a must try for people just visting from out of town or the locals, just east of the strip (Las Vegas Blvd).
5	Love this place! The food is authentic and it has a lot of options. My favorite meat dish is the lamb vindaloo and the saag paneer is amazing.
3	The food here is pretty good but not the greatest Indian food I have ever had. It has a nice lunch buffet setup if you are new to these dishes and want a sampling of most common dishes. I suppose for a buffet you cannot expect much for service, but at the same time there is not a whole lot you need them to do... Drink orders, clear plates, extra napkins. I agree with other posts that service here is not stellar. The seating here is very tight. If coming with a party larger than 4, recommend a reservation. We came today with 4 adults and 2 small kids and were crammed into a small corner booth. Granted it was at the height of the buffet hours. Would have been manageable if our waiter was more attentive to clearing plates off the small table. Today just reminded me why I like India Palace much better.
5	Incredible. Great service, atmosphere, and food. A magical place for vegans and people that are gluten free. The menu clearly states all allergen info and the server was knowledgable. Food: egg plant, okra, and yellow lentil dish were amazing. And gluten free bread! We went twice in 4 days. Highly recommend.  Joshua
5	This is one of the most consistent restaurants in Las Vegas and in my opinion THE BEST Indian in town, quality and freshness of food is second to none. Thank you
5	I've been here for lunch (once) and for dinner (multiple times) and my final answer is that this is the best Indian I've had (so far) in Las Vegas.  It is certainly the best in town if you like HEAT.  At dinner, a great selection of some of the more well-known Indian cuisines, although--like almost every Indian place in town--the emphasis runs too strongly in the Northern/Punjabi, meat-heavy direction.  But nevermind, there is plenty of goodness to choose from.At lunch, the buffet is outstanding. Actually, it blew my mind.  One erstwhile yelper commented that the dishes were among the "most common" and then recommended the spread at India Palace.  Huh????  Palace is ok, the owners are nice, and I can see why someone needing more room (ahem...) might prefer it, but since when does one find Goat Curry on a buffet featuring "the most common dishes."  No ma'am.  Twas extraordinary and I shall return.Btw, as far as the service goes...is it awkward?  Sure.  But it is well meaning, IMO.
4	Mint is a nicely outfitted casual Indian/Himalayan restaurant near UNLV and DRI in the center of town.  I have been there for lunch - they have a very good buffet - wider range of options than most buffets of this type, high quality ingredients, and very good mix of salads, soups, vegetarian dishes, and dishes with chicken, paneer, goat and other items.  Restaurant is very clean, service is professional, and providing fresh naan made to order as opposed to providing this on the buffet line is a nice and high quality touch.  Toughest aspect here is tight parking in the shopping center (not the fault of Mint, and can be dealt with).  Highly recommended.
3	Service is decent. Food is ok. Definitely not best indian food I have had. Good for them they are in vegas where other indian restaurants are pretty bad as well.
4	Went here last weekend with some friends and was pleased that we were pretty much the only Caucasians in the place...which I take as a good sign in an Indian restaurant. I got the mixed vegetable saag. Not the best I've ever had since it had more mixed veggies than sauce and was way spicier than my friend's dish even though I ordered mine mild and she ordered hers at a 5. The hubby got the Mighty Momo with chicken. I didn't think they were that good and would definitely be more appropriate served as an appetizer than a main dish. One of our friends got the lamb lollipops which he thought was great. The garlic naan and paratha were ok...I've definitely had better. Give this place a try, they have a pretty interesting menu.
2	-Lunch Buffet Review -(TL;DR - I prefer my Indian cuisine to have lots of flavor, spices, and heat. Yet, sadly Mint didn't meet my requirements. The flavors here were too boring. Plus I had stomach pain soon after eating here. I won't be returning.) We prefer Mt. Everest's lunch buffet - they have a better selection of flavorful curries and an overall better tasting selection of food. Also, their naan (even if they don't offer garlic naan for buffet anymore) was fluffy like pillows and had more charred stone oven flavor. Maybe I'm the odd woman out and call me crazy, but I prefer my food to be exploding with flavor and rocking my taste buds off, you know, the type of flavor that punches you in the face. Especially when I'm in the mood for Indian cuisine, I expect bold spices and ingredients to jump out. Unfortunately, Mint didn't meet my requirements for a satisfying Indian buffet.There was a scarcely detectable amount (if any) of spice used here, no layering of flavor, and specifically, no wow-factor. The selection here was poor and didn't offer up the typical items I was hankering for - Malai Kofta, Saag Paneer, or even Samosa, to name a few. The list goes on with my rants about this place.Mint is also super sticky, right as I was seated, my silverware placed on the table was stuck like glue! I had to use some elbow grease to pick them up. Plus, I despise their buffet set up - you constantly have to touch the sticky germ-y handles to lift the lids up off of the trays on every single item, then use the spoon to scoop up your food. It was really gross touching the handles. Good thing I brought my wet-ones. The plates that they use gets hot instantly when you place hot food on it, so I had a hard time holding my plate without burning my hands. Also a pet peeve - they have Pepsi here and it's not fizzy at all, it was flat. I only found 1 item from the buffet that was delicious enough for me to get seconds of, that 1 item was the chicken korma (cashew chicken curry.) Everything else was super bland, dried out, or boring. Here's the breakdown of what I tried: - Mint and tamarind chutney were both were refreshing and flavorful. They really helped to bring life to the boring curries and food. - Coconut chutney was alright, but not something that I kept eating. - Chicken korma - rich and sweet, also had tiny hints of spice which is why this was my favorite dish out of everything I tried. - Saag mushroom wasn't my favorite. I really missed the cheese curds. There was no bold flavor, richness, or natural sweetness from the spinach. It was seriously bland and sad. - Chicken tikka masala's flavor was muted. It tasted like bland tomato cream soup and lacked all of the rich luscious flavor that I've grown fond about tikka masala. I did not finish finish it.- Tandoori chicken was dried out and tough. - Chile chicken had decent flavor, but they were super dry.- Veggie tikka masala flavor was very boring, just creamy, and no lively spices going on in there.- They offered yogurt, which is fine, but I was upset that they didn't offer refreshing cucumber raita.- Cranberry rice had colorful specs of carrot and peas, but it wasn't amazing or memorable.- Both the garlic and butter naan were dry, plus the garlic flavor was faint and the butter naan was boring.
5	I am soo in love with this place!!! If I lived in the area, I know I'd come back all the time! Although their menu is quite large, they offer a useful & effective ordering system - Aside every menu item comes a list of options for how you would like your order prepared (i.e. with or without butter, onions, garlic), what you would like in it (cheese, veggies, chicken, lamb, fish), & the size/ cost (half or full order on some things), etc. with a really cute/ funny description of each dish. Some key symbols you will see throughout the menu are "V" for Vegetarian, "Vn" for Vegan, "G" for Gluten-free, "J" for Jain (w/out onions & garlic), & "N" for nut-related products, as well as "H" for choices that are considered healthy. Although this may not be of concern to some people, I found it to be very helpful & this made it much easier for me to order my food exactly how I wanted it. For my dinner, I tried the Vertical Vindaloo w/ Fresh Veggies & Veggie Tikka Masala Curries w/ Paratha. I enjoyed both dishes & was really glad I went with the Paratha instead of the usual Naan since I love Whole Wheat products & wanted to try something different. Also, I love that they carry brown basmati rice & even give you a side of regular white basmati rice when you order curry, as most places I've been to have not done this. But, keep in mind that half orders of curry are probably smaller than you might think, so it's probably best to place full orders since their dishes are so good anyway! In addition to the rice & noodle dishes, soups & salads, & curries, they also have some good-looking dosas & condiments like tomato, mango, or coconut chutney for only 1$ :) Our service was very nice & attentive too; We had multiple people check on us throughout our meal & each brought us everything we asked for w/out any problems. I had a really good experience here & can't wait to come back!
3	The food here is good but overrated. I was so gassy after I ate from here. But it was still somewhat memorable.
4	This place is probably hands down the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas.  I like rich and spicy flavors, and this place delivers the goods.  I've been looking for an Indian restaurant that would get on my level of spice, so i'm glad I found it here. The Rebel Curry and Rogan Josh are a hit in my book. Cons:  Parking can be a squeeze at times.  Customer service could use some improvement.
5	Wonderful!! I love dosa and Mint makes it just like I remember from India.  My husband's favorite dish are the "lamb lollipops".  We've had several friends join us here and everyone raves about them.  Can get busy on the weekends but well worth it.
1	Horrible attitude of the manger.. we had a reservation and they made us wait from 7 PM and we did not get the food until 9 20 PM and we just had to walk up and leave. The manager was not even sorry and did not seem to care at all. Avoid this place..I never review however this place is so horribly managed with their tablets and smartphone apps that I went ahead and made an account on yelp just to write this review.
4	I went for lunch buffet and I loved it. The food was great and garlic naan was best! The ambience was lovely and the staff was friendly too. Well organized place and the best part was there were many vegetarian options. Me and my parents enjoyed our lunch!
5	The MINT is the hidden treasure of las vegas....the food is awesomest of all...I have never had more amazing food than this...its a must go...loved the paneer and malai kofta to the core...i will definitely go here to eat whenever I am in vegas... Kudos to you and I hope you stay there forever!!!see you next time :)
5	I have been coming here for years, and this place is absolutely wonderful: decor, food, drinks, & service. The karma korma & the garlic naan are my favorite. *Also, if you a dessert person you have to try the gulab jamun.
5	Delicious food, excellent service and excellent price...We loved it.... Can't wait to come back :))))
5	The BEST Indian restaurant in vegas! Great food. Extensive drinks menu. Great for vegetarians and ALSO meat lovers. Best kabobs and breads. I've tried a lot of Indian restaurants in vegas in the past and Mint is my every trip staple.
2	Wouldn't go there again. Granted it was a Saturday night but it took over an hour 1/2 to get out. Our empty plates when we were finished eating sat in front of us at least 10 minutes before our desert came and the waiter was almost a ghost. Since we had the dinner made for two we got to try seven different dishes, I liked two. We're not strangers to Indian and I'd rather go back to ghandi that's around the corner. A pot of tea is also 5 dollars. The parking is limited so we had to walk past all the dumpsters, certainly helped my appetite!
2	this place is alright.no lie, this place doesn't joke around when it comes to real indian food.i just didn't like some of the dishes.i had yellow curry, it was good and i was full.pretty pricey..and it took me forever to figure out what i wanted.the menu was like a book.not coming back.
5	Located in a nice new strip mall. Nice decor & very clean inside. GREAT vegan & vegetarian menu options. Friendly & informed wait staff. Everyone gets a crispy cracker type bread called papadam served with 2 delightful dipping sauces. To start, we ordered Paratha stuffed with potatoes & peas & it was delicious! I ordered the Organic Aloo Gobi Masala (vegan) & my husband ordered the Andhra Curry, a South Indian Specialty...simply AWESOME! We asked for both spiced down to medium spice & it was perfect for us because we like a mild lingering spice. A Must Try off the strip in Vegas!!!
3	I travel a lot, and often seek out a Masala Dosa.I have my favorite spots in LA, Berkeley, Seattle.In Las Vegas I have been to Mint twice.It's okay. I would go again.I just get a Dosa. It's vegetarian and hopefully a bit healthy.The Dosa here was pretty good. Not the best, but certainly quite okay.  And the restaurant was very clean and nice, which is not always the case.
4	Great food and great service. Only reason it is not getting 5 stars yet is cause I've only been here once so can't attest to how consistent the quality is.We got the vegetarian prix fixe for $38.99 and a mango lassi for $4. Spicy level 8 (out of 10) for the prix fixe was perfect for us since we love spicy food. Just enough of a kick but not overwhelmingly so.You can tell everything was home made with fresh, real ingredients from the green chutney to the rice pudding. Love that they didn't cut corners and use any prepackaged or pre made stuff--you can definitely taste the difference and freshness when something is made from scratch. Love that the curries weren't oily as is the case with many sub-par Indian restaurants.  Also appreciate that the spiciness of the curries came from actual spices and you could taste the distinct flavors of each curry. Nothing worse than those Indian restaurants where everything you order tastes the same!Icing on the cake was the great and efficient service. Our water glasses were never more than half empty before they were filled. The food came out promptly and the dishes/utensils were clean. Also appreciate their attention to detail...the first plate they brought out for me was chipped and as soon as the waiter saw it/before he put it down on the table, he took it back to switch out a new one.I've definitely had my fair share of Indian food from the Indian ethnic enclave of Jackson Heights in Queens, NY to the restaurants of "curry hill" along Lexington Ave in Manhattan and this place is up there with the best! In the words of Arnold...I will be back.
5	If I could give this place more stars I would .. The buffet was AMAZING .. I had curry chicken and goat and two types of soup ,I don't eat goat but this goat was better than the chicken .. I will be back
4	Great food, reasonable prices!
1	Wish I could give a NO STAR rating !! I came here a year back and the food was pretty good, so I decided to take my friends here. I was highly disappointed by the quality of food !! The Gulab Jamuns seemed like stones, the chicken tasted like it was cooked a year ago ! To sum it up, one of the worst buffets i've been to in a while
2	Food is very good but the staff is 'out to lunch'. Management has a bad attitude. When you walk in the will turn their back to you and later turnaround and have this look on their face like 'what do you want'? Have also experience sitting down to a dirty table with what looked like food from the night before. Also, I asked for a spoon and they handed it to me holding the cradle end.
5	I haven't been here since it was a Himalayan place. What took me so long to come here! I had stopped down the street at India Masala for Dosa Tuesday, only to find out their chef quit and they're no longer serving South Indian food. So I left and came here.First thing that caught my eye was one their first page of the menu, inferno naan. YESSSS please. We were asked to sign a consent prior to ordering. What the? Made with ghost peppers and habanero chills, it came out looking so plain, but when you open up the naan, it was loaded with peppers.  I took one bite, it was horrid. I love spicy food, but I like a good taste with the spice. This was pure nastiness. I had to spit it out. My nose, lips and tongue immediately started burning, thankfully I had a full lassi in front of me that cooled down the heat. Onto the next one. I was excited to see that they served Northern and Southern Indian food. I ordered my favorite, Mysore Masala Dosa, red chili chutney and potatoes, and onions. This was by far the best dosa I have ever had. The chutney served with it was really good as well. We also ordered the lamb kabobs, these were nice and tender, great flavor too. Of course we had to order cheese naan, every americans favorite. I love naan. I could eat it for days.The most exciting thing tho, they have a lassi bar! I tried the mango and rose lassi (two, don't judge). I love a good mango lassi. I've never seen a place have a lassi bar, there were so many different flavors to choose from. I will most likely be trying all of them. I like this place, a lot. Good Indian food. I like that they serve both cuisines. Kinda like when you go to a Thai place and you can get Northern and Southern style. I like options.
5	Mint is ahead of the game, definitely one of my top spots to eat in Vegas.  The service is great and they're very friendly and easy to communicate with, even with English speaking customers.  They even gave out two complimentary dishes since I've been here as a trial run to open up new items for the menu.  They are foodies as well, and know what to suggest and to whom.  The food we've ordered all came out very prompt.  The dishes here I found more delectable than the other Indian restauraunts.Vegan, vegetarian, and meat lovers all alike with feel welcome here.  The music has a mixed playlist of Indian music along as well as techno and other genres.  Come try it out cuz this place is awesome.  Mint even has a ghost pepper inferno curry dish where you appear on the wall if you dare to try and succeed!  Kudos Mint. Good eats.
5	I definitely will be back here again for sure. Lunch is great! Meat? vegetarian ? It's all good. And it's Delish!! Nom nom nom :)
5	Great place! And the inferno menu is no joke. I am a seasoned vet when it comes to spicy food and this food is blazing hot! Not for the faint of heart.
4	Ate here once for a company lunch- we had to wait a bit to get seated but everything was clean and the staff was attentive on our drinks.
2	the menu options are really exahustive including nepali cuisine.our order of chettinaad vegetable curry and the nepali soup can be skipped by others. The chau chau vegetable noodles were tasty.food quantity is less & more expensive than other indian restaurants in Vegas.Ambience is excellent though!
5	As I'm having a thanksgiving lunch here at Mint, I realized some things. First, I've lived here for 4 years and eaten here frequently each year. Secondly, this is the fourth time this month I've eaten here. And thirdly, I have never, ever had a negative experience here. The same servers have been here since I've started coming here and the manager is really nice, great staff.The food is bomb and always has been. Best Tandoori chicken I've ever had, period. Even though I frequent the buffet, it's never the exact same as the previous trip. They're always mixing it up so that's how I justify eating here so much. I travel, so I eat at a lot of different Indian restaurants because it's a genre I enjoy a lot. This place never disappointments. Stop reading my review and get in the car. As of today, I've written maybe three or four Yelp reviews (sorry, I'm working on more!). But its only fitting this is one of those first reviews, this is one of my fav spots in Vegas.
3	We ordered many dishes. All were good. Nothing great. Enjoyed the food regardless.
1	Don't go. This is short review. Paid over 65$ for three to go males. When I picked up the food. The guy opened the bag showing me the items unopened. I went back to my hotel room toy three kids and wife, I was shocked. The food was not enough for two. When I ordered, I asked if all three males come with rice. the guy from the restaurant said yes. When I opened the bag only one small bowl was there. The one star because the sample food we eat tasted good.
4	Excellent Indian food, quite a wide selection too! Good service, friendly professional staff, an imported beer collection to die for :-)
5	I had visited this place last year for lunch buffet on my trip to Vegas. Food was just awesome! Service was good too.I highly recommend this place for a buffet.
5	One of the best places to eat Indian food in Vegas. The lunch buffet has lot of options and the food is delcicious !! Will definitely come back and recommend to friends!
5	This is THE best Indian food restaurant currently around LV Strip. Food is super delicious with great hospitality - feels like home. Recommend it for the flavorful Indian food done right with welcoming and caring hosts!
5	This place deserves an update. Came here another 3x, and the lunch buffet is not only an amazing value but likely the best Indian food I've ever had and definitely the best Indian lunch buffet! For me, that statement is saying a lot considering I was first exposed to the wonderful world of Indian cuisine at restaurants located along Lexington Ave in Murray Hill, NYC aka "curry hill" and via the Indian ethnic enclave of Jackson Heights near the 74th Street stop in Queens. The diversity of NYC and its eclectic cuisine is undoubtedly one of things I miss most about it but that is a whole other story...glad we have Mint in Vegas!
3	Came here the other night for a birthday. Service was really good in the beginning, we got the fried bhinda (okra) which I thought it was really good, however it started to taste more burnt than fried towards the bottom of the bowl. I got a paper dosa with cheese (they barely put any cheese inside). The dosa was crispy which I really liked. They really overdid it on the chili naan, they stuffed so many chilies inside of it that it tasted like one huge chile rather than a spicy naan. No one was able to eat that. When it came time to get the check and possibly order some dessert, there wasn't a waiter in sight. It took around 30 minutes and a lot of awkward beckoning for someone to finally come over. The area around the restaurant was ok, lots of construction and parking was a bit hard but overall the experience was good. Would come back again.
4	Awesome food experience, especially the combination of non vegetarian foods with vegetarian stuffs. Chicken korma is one must thing to be tried. There is not one dish that I can say was sort of out of line because every single one of them was finger licking good. Ofcourse, one should never miss the gulab jamun (indian dessert dipped in sugar).
1	Terrible experience. Service was horrible. they sat us a booth next to the door. Every time the door opened, a cold breeze rushed in. Totally uncomfortable. Then it took them a while to bring waters and even longer to take our order. When we finally got our food, it was very dissatisfying. $21 for overcooked dried lamb on a bed of arugula and Dijon mustard, and they didn't even offer rice. I could barely chew the lamb. My husband did the inferno challenge. Couldn't stomach it. They offered him a tiny sauce dish filled with plain yogurt to settle his stomach. They charged us $3 extra for it. I can buy a whole tub of plain organic yogurt at the grocery store for that much. Still, it was thought to be a courtesy yogurt. Lastly, one of the waiters approached our table and offered us to-go boxes. He never came back. Just ignored us completely along with our initial waiter. My husband had to walk to the counter to get the check. And I walked up later to get a box and a bag. Perhaps it was just a bad night and the wrong dish to order, but still, not going to be returning to this place again.
3	Ate lunch buffet here. Decent but doesn't really qualify for 4 stars, especially when we have a lot of great Indian options nearby.Creative items like noodles - good try, but were not necessarily tasty. If it was done right my view would have been completely different.Unlike most Indian restaurants, they do have a nice vibe there, though.
3	Visited this place for lunch buffet. Food was Ok with few good varieties which tasted well. Price was reasonable. Ordered Pomegranate Mocktail which tasted good but I would suggest to steer away from the salt lassi. Overall an OK lunch buffet but I couldn ask for more in a city like Vegas ;)
4	Went here this week on a friend's recommendation and loved it! We felt that the taste was pretty close to what we are used to in bay area, which is saying a lot :) Buffet offers decent choices and a special mention to the goat curry, the fresh naan (garlic and butter) and tandoori chicken. The service was good and the host was very courteous. We were told the wait was 45 minutes but were seated within 15-20 minutes.
4	Compare to others in this area it has good buffet...I would say next to saffron this is good..
4	Flavors are terrific, service capable, ambience ok. The key to any ethnic restaurant is patronage. Many South Asian folks present. Next time, we'll try the Chef's menu. Our 4 dishes totaled a bit high. An informed diner needs to know.
2	I went to this place recently for dinner. They have good looking food but average tasting. Salt was not right in all the items we ordered. Table service was not good too. For some reason the waiter was in hurry to clean the table and indirectly putting pressure on us to finish sooner.While we were having food, there was incident in restaurant. One of the guest fell while her chair broke during getting up. Waiter serving us saw it and did not even bother to extend help or ask if she was OK. He just moved to serve other table. That was bad as other guests had to help the other person get up. Even manager did not seem too concerned when the guest complained.For the price they charge for the food and based on other reviews, I expected lot more. I would not go again.
4	Delicious food. Great service across the board. Lamb Vindaloo=excellent Tandoori Chicken = full of flavor but a bit dry. Mango Lassi = yummy Pakoda = perfectButter chicken = fantastically properly prepared. Nice chutney's and Naan.
4	I love Indian food, usually a hit and miss for quality. Mint Indian Bistro is surprisingly good. I went on a Thursday night while in town for CES. I had the Kwati soup (beans), a chicken curry (spicy), rice, buttered garlic naan bread, and tap water. The service and the food were very good.  The pricing fair. The ambiance is typical Indian. The seating is somewhat limited -- so if in a group, consider reservations; I bet there is a wait on some evenings especially Friday and Saturday.I'd good back in a heart beat.
