5	Dr. Lin and his staff are great. I went in for a kidney stone in January 2010 and that went well.  I then went in for the big V in December 2010... it was straightforward, the doctor was very comforting and the procedure went very well.  I'm sure my jokes about strange women grabbing my bits and pieces fell on deaf ears but that's how I dealt with it.  Healing went smoothly and I was back to normal functionality in 3 weeks.  I've had 3 friends go through the procedure elsewhere and all three got infections or some other sort of complication.  I'm happy to say that mine went flawlessly- and as of Friday, in the immortal words of the Cabin Boy- Chris Elliot "These pipes are clean!!!!!"
5	I would highly recommend Dr. Lin to anyone who is considering a vasectomy. He was very personable and professional, and really put me at ease with what could have been a rather stressful day. His assistant (as well as the whole staff) was also very nice.Despite what I had heard from friends of mine regarding the proceedure, there was very little discomfort at all and I was able to return to normal activities quickly.
5	Went back for my follow up and received a check over and instructions for lab testing to make sure it took. Haven't had any sort of issues following the procedure.Just got my lab results back and I'm completely sterile! Yay!! I don't know which kind of cake is appropriate for this sort of celebration.
1	READ THIS!!! - SUNRISE UROLOGY TURNED ME INTO COLLECTIONS FOR $10 AND IT WAS THEIR MISTAKEI had horrendous experience with Dr. Lin's Urology Practice, Sunrise Urology.  I had two appointments there two weeks apart.  Each time I gave them my medical card and each time they charged me $20 copayment.  I didn't notice it at the time but in the small print on my card it said specialist copay was $25 not the $20 they charged me.  I will never know why they only charged me $20 when my card said $25 but that was what they charged me both visits.  To make a long story short they turned me into collections for this $10 that I never knew I owed then refused to acknowledge their mistake.  I told them if they did not fix it I would take them to small claims court and post review on yelp.  Office manager told me that they did not care if I did that. So here is the yelp part.
5	Dr Lin on 10/28/14 performed a TURP procedure on me. San Tan Surgery Center was the location. The staff care was outstanding. Dr Lin performed procedure in a highly skilled manner. He is a very caring surgeon who is very talented.  You can be assured  you will have  excellent care with Dr Lin and his staff at San Tan Surgery Center. Sunrise Urology did an excellent job in preparing me for the TURP. From directions to prep to review of procedure, I had an excellent experience. Thank You Dr Lin , Sunrise Technology and San Tan Surgery Staff.... I am grateful for your outstanding service.
