5	Great sushi place... Went here with a few of my friends and sat at the Sushi bar. The Sushi Chef's were great at explaining exactly what is going on with whatever kind of sushi your interested in. I HIGHLY recommend the Satori Roll. It's been awhile since I went so I can't remember exactly what was in it but I definitely remember I liked that roll the best. Since it's in north Scottsdale it is more of a "high class" sushi place but not so that you can't do a few saki bombs and have some fun.
4	Still on the hunt for a good sushi place we decided to try out Satori since its fairly close to our place.  (Probably not very close to where anybody else lives though...)  The atmosphere is very laid back and comfortable, I'm not sure I would call it "high end" though.  They have a little patio that looks like it would be a nice place to sit in cooler weather...it does overlook the Basha's parking lot but I think they have configured it as such that you don't notice.  Our server was attentive and very nice and it was just an all around pleasant experience.  We started with vegetable tempura which was great, although I wish they cut the vegetables into smaller slices.  But it included sweet potato, eggplant, and whole peppers!  The sushi was good, the spicy octopus was VERY spicy, so much so I was trading them with my husband for his Philadelphia rolls!  The caterpillar roll was very good and the yellowtail was quite tasty.  We had a coupon for $10 off (yeah, sometimes we act like we're 80 years old) and for the tempura, 4 rolls and my glass of wine the check came to $35.  The coupon comes in the mail every month, so look out for it.Update:Every Sunday and Monday they have "double up" where its 2 for 1 sushi and saketinis.  You can't go wrong with that!  We have since ordered I think every roll on the menu and they are all great.
3	I like this place a lot, but it isn't very memorable.  We go there about once or twice a month, depending on how often we get the $10 off coupons. Service has always been great, and the food comes out fast.  The ginger salad dressing is by far the best.  The rolls are good, but again, they need to do something special to make themselves different than the other places.  We'll keep going back, because of the deal.
4	Great neighborhood sushi place!  Close to home, excellent vibe and atmosphere - easy going and never too hectic.  Great service, and the sushi ranges from excellent to good (I think it is tough to get fresh fish every night in Arizona - so, some times, some of the sushi isn't as fresh as others).Check the website for their happy hour and 'two for' specials - always helps to feed the heartier appetites!
1	The restaurant isn't overly clean inside.  The main sushi chef couldn't be less friendly.  However, the 2 for 1 specials are compelling.
4	The sushi here is super legit and I have snacked on the water dependent friends quite a bit around the nation/world.  We also had the Calamari Salad and the Chicken Yakisoba, all so very delicious and the Miso soup made me sing songs that only fellow Japonese confidents would be able to interpret.  Additionally, they serve the Orion beer from Okinawa - so delicious.  The only item that keeps this restaurant from receiving the 5 luminary signs of lovetron is the vegetable tempura.  The slices of vegetables are too big and thick which in return grab to much tempura goodness and becomes thick and cakey... Otherwise, this place is well worth the visit!! for... And the sushi chef kills it FYI.
4	Since moving to downtown Phoenix almost a year ago, one of the biggest things I miss about N. Scottsdale is Satori.  Seriously.  Sad, right?  The sushi was solid and the Double-up (2-4-1) Sundays and Mondays meant you could order enough sushi to feed a small nation and not break the bank.  $30 between two people and you've got 6-8 large, well prepared rolls.  The place has 0 ambiance, but at the price who gives a damn?If there is a similar place somewhere in central/downtown phoenix, can someone please let me know ASAP????
4	Great little place with good sushi. Wifey and I have been here about 15 times, and only once was an order sub par. They have coupons in your local mail for two for one and other deals, which makes it very reasonable to go there every once in a while. Quiet little bar, and outdoor seating as well.
4	this place is waaaayyy out in the outskirts of scottsdale but lacks the lame crowds you'd find in oldtown.  I went on a tuesday night and it was surprisingly busy and they only had one chef behind the bar so it took a long time to get your sushi but he was very attentive to us. The sushi is cut in very decent portions and is yummy and fresh. They even serve REAL crab. thats always a plus in my book. if your up for the drive from the downtown area then I recommend coming here
4	We stumbled across this place for Happy Hour as it is near to where we were staying.  Being from Seattle, where sushi restaurants abound, we were cautiously optimistic and well-pleased.  The sush rolls and spring rolls were great, though the Happy Hour menu wasn't extensive.  A second trip was almost as good:  service was fine, the sush rolls were great.  I found the regular menu prices a tad pricey:  chicken teriyaki was about $13, which was too much for the amount you got.  After all, chicken and rice aren't expensive.  Also, for $13, the salmon sashimi was WAY too much: just 4 small fillets of salmon.  No rice, just garnish.  Apart from that, it was quite good.  We'll go back.
3	Pros:1.  Great sushi - always fresh and I've never had a less than fabulous meal there.2.  Great staff.  Honest.  Attentive.  Always happy to see you.Cons:1.  For a neighborhood joint,  FAR too expensive for a weekday meal when it's not happy hour or "double down".  Generally we stick to the happy hour or double-down.2.  Can get loud when some of the regulars show up.  Not too keen on enjoying the delicacies of ahi tuna and cold sake when there's high-fives all around and stories of 'some broad I banged that I met at Cafe Portobello'  A little odd, but that may have been a bad couple of nights that we were there.UPDATE:I went there this evening.Prices are still high, but the double-down helps keep things economical.Sushi rolls are SUPER THIN and even the bartender thought so as well.  I'll include a photo.  (oops, guess I can't)But a single slice of one roll is equivalent to half a roll slice at other sushi bars I've gone to.  I'd have to say it was comical! :)
4	Update:My INITIAL review was about an experience that was about six months ago.In the meantime, a lot of the issues have been solved and my only overlying issue was with the size of the rolls on 10/6/2009.  Just a clarification! :)
4	Went to satori last Friday night for the happy hour and enjoyed it.  The happy hour specials are great with spicy tuna rolls and $5 large Japanese beers.  The sushi chef, Brendan, was very cool and chatted with us while he made great rolls. Also, unlike some of the other sushi "restaurants" in Scottsdale that feel like ultra-cheezy clubs with crappy music blaring and people wearing sunglasses inside, Satori is mellow and relaxing.
4	4 stars for the food, the great happy hour specials and the cool people behind the sushi bar.  Front-of-house service is usually good, although last night it sucked.If you want low-key and mellow, sit at the sushi bar and you should score.
3	Satori is defined as individual enlightenment. I personally did not experience any flashes of awakening, not with the ambiance or the sushi. The motto here is "sushi.sake.simple." I will say that this sushi restaurant does not try to compete with others in the valley by baptizing it's rolls with flashy names, or even creating fresh and contemporary spins on the traditional rolls. The staff is friendly and attentive, but nothing that defines the character of the place. The rolls we sampled here delivered what the motto promises. Simple. Too dry for my tastes, but nothing a dip in the soy and wasabi couldn't cure. The hamachi collar, as well as the tuna carpaccio were great, but sadly there is nothing about this Japanese eatery that would make me return.Highlights: every Saturday, Sunday, and Monday is double up day. Get 2 for 1 sushi and rolls, as well as their saketinis. Thursdays come in and enjoy happy hour drink prices all night.Downers: happy hour is only four days a week, and only five of the most basic rolls are reduced at $3 per roll. Beer, house wine, and sake are also $5. Only four of their appetizers are on special.Overall quality of the food leaves some to be desired. Despite the yellowtail collar tasting great, it was still undercooked and raw in places. Tuna carpaccio, although delicious, was $14 for about 6 thinly sliced pieces of tuna with avocado.Rolls were dry, ingredients were dwarved by the rice. The yellowtail and scallion roll we ordered barely had any scallions, tuna was also minimal.My dinner partner tonight echoed my sentiments, and felt like the $50 wasn't worth what we ordered, despite enjoying two for one rolls and nigiri.
1	After a previous unpleasant dining experience at Satori Sushi, I decided to give it another try.  After we were seated, the waiter basically whizzed by our table and was not very attentive.  It took him a good 10 minutes before he came back to take our order.  (He was though, very attentive with the 3 gals dining at the table next to us.)  When he did get to us, I asked what was included in the sashimi combo and he replied "I don't know, it's chef's choice."  I asked if he could find out, and he was rude and acted as if he was inconvenienced by having to go ask the chef.  When he got behind the sushi bar and asked, this is what he said "Chef, what's on the sashimi combo so that they (and he nodded his head towards our table) can tell me what the DON'T want to eat?"  Obviously, I could hear this and witnessed with my own eyes just how rude he was to paying customers.  We got up and walked out and he had the audacity to look confused!  Obviously, I won't be going back there again.
3	Sushi was decent and it was buy one get one.  Sushi chef was above & beyond, poor guy!Met two others, already seated at the sushi bar, tell hostess 'we're with them'.  Cool!  After waiting 15minutes with no water, no alternate beverage, no service, hey chef! we'd like to order a drink.  Chef has to walk away to find a waitress and send her over.  I order a beer & dude orders sprite.  She brings the beer & gives it to dude.  She returns & gives me the sprite, while I have the beer in front of me, oh you wanted the beer, duh I ordered it!  Thank goodness all we ordered was sushi and thank the heavens we ordered a lot.  Because chick NEVER came back.  We need more water, (too much wasabi).  Chef, we'd like water...?  What does crazy girl do?  She GIVES the sushi chef the jug of water.  Some more waiting...and some more........uh Chef?  Could we please get our bill.  It took her two tries for our bill and four tries for the other bill.Her name was Lauren, she was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOT attentive.  She was more worried about her long brunette locks.  So, you can't miss her, so avoid her!!!
4	We go to Satori often and love the staff and the food.  The buy one get one Saturday night is a great deal.  Jeffrey the bartender is fabulous.  We would definitely recommend this great local sushi bar to anyone in the area.  Try your sushi with soy paper.  Yummy.
3	I gotta say maybe I went in with too high of expectations but I was underwhelmed by the sushi. I went in on a tue night with a friend of mine and we decided to try a few things. Well im a fav of the basics, tuna, albacore, salmon etc. The Yellowfin had a nice look to it but it tasted a bit salty and more like the ocean than I think is good for a raw fish. The red tuna was the same way. I'm always cautious of a Japanese house that doesn't have Udon and not only does Satori not carry udon, the staff didn't even know what Udon is...authentic Japanese? i think not.I have to say however that the Albacore was well prepared. It was light and had a delightful plum sauce on it that went well with the overall fish. I'm told that Satori's has a fantastic happy hour so maybe at the right price it can make up for the overall mediocre-ness of the whole thing. I will give it a second chance but Ive still not found anything as good as Kampai's over off of bell and cave creekBut you've Gotta love those Vespa Riding edamame!
1	This place used to be good years ago when it first opened.  It may have changed owners since then...not sure...We live in McDowell Mountain Ranch and like to frequent our neighborhood restaurants and 'keep it in the community' as much as possible.Yes, this place has decent 2-4-1 happy hour...BUT IT IS DDDDDDISGUSTING!!!!!!  Their sushi is terrible, and we've even gone back for more punishment to give it a 2nd and 3rd chance because it is sooo close to our house.  Anyone who thinks that their sushi is great obviously does NOT know what sushi is supposed to taste like.  If you want to eat badly undercooked, over riced, messy looking rolls, go right ahead, I warned you. All their rolls look look like futomaki rolls LOLThe regular food is decent, but overpriced for what you get.  $13 for Chicken Teriyaki?  $15 for a meager portion of salmon? Uhhh, I think that is a royal rip off.  I feel bad, because I know these are rough times for businesses, and the place has been pretty dead every time we've been in, but you would think that when times are this hard, and one has so many options of places to eat, that at least the service would improve!The very last (I mean it this time!) time we were there, we sat at the bar to grab a quick bite.  The bartender/server didn't even acknowledge us for drinks several minutes, even though he saw us sitting there, and one other table, to the point where we almost walked out to go elsewhere. Now we know better and drive to Sushi Brokers for their happy hour instead. You should too!
4	Went there last Saturday night based on the overall positive reviews. arrived around 6 and the place was pretty empty (usually a bad sign).  Id did fill in throughout the meal.We were seated promptly and pretty well attended to the entire meal (I've seen better service, but all-in-all it was pretty good, and certainly not as bad as other posters' experiences).While not overwhelming, the list of rollls was good and farily creative, and the "double up" happy hour of sorts (basically, a buy one, get one) was a very good deal.The sushi came out in a very reaosonable amount of time, and had a nice presentation.  In terms of taste and quality, I'd rate it very good.  Had some nigiri to really experience how fresh the fish was.I'm very happy with the meal, the quality, service, ambiance and value.  I've recommended it to friends, and I'll be back again.Added bonus:  appears to be non-sushi eating kid friendly.  Will try that next...
1	more of the same.  the staff turns over every few months.  the sushi never tastes very fresh relative to places like Pure.  lots of scottsdale attitude for a place barely surviving from bankruptcy.  have you been on a weeknight? how
4	Ohhhh Satori...how I love your 2-4-1 nights.To be honest, the only reason to go to this place is for the 2-4-1 nights.  The sushi can sometimes be hit or miss, but most of the time it is pretty decent.  Nothing life-changing.  Has all of your standard rolls and fish, and a few unique rolls.  I usually just stick to the basics here though.  I'm a pretty tough sushi snob, and it is good enough for me.I can't tell you how many rolls I've consumed here, and walked out completely amazed at how little I spent.  We usually end up getting about $40 worth of "free" sushi judging from our bills when we go.  Just cannot be beat!If you live in NoSco, there is no reason that you should not try this place on a weekend or Monday night when its 2-4-1.
2	Gave it an extra star because of my good memories of this place. Now however if you like sushi don't go here. Fish is not fresh and that is the biggest sin for a sushi place
4	Stopped in for the first time on a Monday night and was surprised at how busy the place was! Found out later that it was a 2 for 1 night and it made sense. We sat at the bar and the service was fine. Only ordered a couple rolls, which were also fine (nothing spectacular or life altering, but not bad). Seemed like a good value compared to other places i have been. I would hit it up again for sure!
4	2 for 1 Sushi, rolls and saketini in Mondays!!!  Good food regardless of the day of the week. We ordered our usual tuna filled delicacies and had a ball.
4	I love their specials here, especially their 2 for 1 deals and Sakitinis on the weekends.  They send out emails all of the time and it is a great way for me to stay connected with the restaurant deals and keep them in mind.This is a neighborhood gems for sure.  It is tucked away near Basha's.  I usually don't get sushi here since it is in kind of an awkward location, but I would more if I lived or worked closer to here.
4	Two very big thumbs for for double up!  Two for one sushi Saturday through Monday; How could you go wrong?!We had a spicy tuna roll; A classic, very good.  A salmon roll with avocado; this was a specialty order they had no trouble making for us.  A sunset roll; crab, yellowtail, tuna, and avocado all came together quite nicely.  And a crazy roll; spicy tuna, shrimp, tempura, avocado and cucumber makes for a very tasty roll!Satori has pretty much the same look and feel as any small hip sushi bar in the valley.  The place was fairly empty, but it was only 6:00 on a Monday.  The service was pretty good, and the rolls came out very fast.  It's not the best sushi in the valley, but it's very high quality for a low price.  Hit up Satori on Saturday through Mondays night and you won't leave disappointed.
3	I'm not as thrilled with Satori the second time around.  We ordered Spicy Tuna and Spicy Salmon rolls with our order.  When our food came to our table we noticed something odd about the rolls.  They had crab in them.  My girlfriend doesn't eat shell fish, and that's part of the reason we ordered these specific rolls (which we had ordered last week and they came out normal).The waiter and manager were very friendly and good about changing up the order, but they seemed to believe that crab was a regular ingredient in these rolls.  That's something that I have never heard of.  My girlfriend used to be a regular at Satori for years, and she cannot remember another time crab was ever mixed into the salmon or tuna.  We ended up settling on ordering regular tuna and salmon rolls, and having sriracha sauce mixed into them.  Not as good, but a workable substitute for me.The inconsistency is a bit of turn off.  While I don't mind when restaurants try to make a standard item their own, it's a little scary that they add something that can be a common dietary or allergy restriction for many people without warning.  I also find it weird that I ordered something I had just a week ago, and comes out differently.Satori is still cheap.  Still decent.  But you may want to ask what's in the roll before ordering it.
3	Not as kid friendly as first anticipated... In a kid oriented area and there was a kids section on the menu with kid food.... But the actual attitude for kids left something to be desired.   The server actually said that it wasn't a kid-place and the lack of service certainly reinforced that my son and I were less than wanted.  Worse than that he missed one of the rolls on the order - and didn't even apologize.   I'll give it one more shot but I'm a bit ashamed that I've recommended this to friends.  I hope they had a better experience than I did on my most recent visit.
1	My husband and I have enjoyed dining at Satori for almost 3 years now. The weekly specials and double up menu brought us back several times a month as one of our go-to favorite places to eat. Last night we decided to end our weekend with some sushi. We were shocked to find out that Satori is now under new management and that the menu, specials and prices have all changed. The prices were outrageous for the quality and the portions sizes were so much smaller than before. One of our favorite things about Satori was their double-up menu and drink specials. Not only did they not offer these special, they didn't offer any kind of bar or menu specials at all. My husband left last night very disappointed. We will not be back to Satori.
1	Living a few blocks away, this was our favorite place to go with the kids for dinner. I would say we would hit happy hour at least 2-3 times a month. We were really upset when we thought it had closed. Drove by and found it to be open again with a new owner. All I can say is STAY AWAY!!! All the usual staff is gone, service is HORRIBLE, rolls are seriously half the size, owner won't honor gift cards or coupons. Waitress kept apologizing and said that the staff was trying to talk to the owner but he didn't care. Not the way to run a new business... The one sushi chef who stayed will be leaving because he was ordered to make his rolls smaller. He is worried about his reputation and will also be leaving. Very sad as this was one of our favorite places... If the new owner continues this way I doubt he will make it more than a few months. We for sure will sadly not be going back...
1	It's back but i would not say for the better.  New owners and the staff all seemed to be afraid of them.  The atmosphere that once made this a fun place to bring the family is gone.  While it may have the same name it is not the same Satori, it's a shame that i have to find somewhere else now but i am not going to spend another dollar there because of how the new owners have destroyed a once good restaurant.    Bottom line is stay away
5	Loved this place. Went for a quick order to go for lunch and got a saguaro tempura roll. Plenty of crab and the presentation in the to go box was impressive. Didn't even need soy sauce as the roll was perfect as it could get.Didn't have a bad experience with staff, everyone was pleasant, even the owner (and I didn't know that till right before I left)! For those that had a negative experience, I'd try again - since my service and food was in stark contrast to yours. Happy Sushi Eating! :)
1	I loved this place under the old ownership, but my sister and I came here last week and will not be returning.Right before leaving the house we checked the website to make sure they still had the 2 for 1 deal. We got there and found out there was a new owner and the deal is now buy one, get one 1/2 off. We were disappointed because some of the rolls are ridiculously expensive. They have one that is $21. For $21 I expect the fish to perform tricks for me before being freshly slaughtered and lovingly placed on my plate. Anyhoo, when we let the owner (or manager, I'm not really sure who he was) know that their website was still advertising the 2 for 1 deal, he argued with us that we were wrong, then proceeded to pull out his smartphone and bring up the website to prove it!When we showed him exactly where on the website the advertisement was, and that we weren't a couple of lying hooligans trying to scam some free sushi, he still refused to honor the deal. All of this in spite of the fact that, on a Saturday night, there were 4 people in the restaurant. So rather than employee some decent customer service and make $40 off of us in food and drinks, he let us walk out and made nothing.
5	Good food, good prices, and friendly staff.  Overall a great experience.
2	I cannot believe all the people here saying they liked it under the old ownership. Please if you liked it before you don't like sushi. I seriously Walmart sushi was 10 times better and Walmart sushi is horrible. Now I am not saying the new guys are much better but you really could not get much worse than it was.
1	We used to dine here frequently when they had their double up menu.  A whole list of rolls, nigiri and drinks were buy on get one.  We went after the new management re-opened the place and it was terrible.  We will NOT BE GOING BACK TO THIS PLACE!!!  The rolls were smaller and the service/atmosphere was uncomfortable.  The staff stood nearby and watched us eat, strange...  Plus our bill was 3x what it used to be for food and drinks that are not nearly as good as it was before the new manager.  The mochi ice cream dessert was stale.  I have nothing good to say about this place anymore which is sad because it's right in the neighborhood and we loved going there.
1	Just plain bad.  This place used to be halfway decent but has really gone downhill with the new owners.  I've given it two chances because everyone has a bad day now and then but two strikes and they're out.  Why waste my money?I ordered a spring roll starter and a tempura shrimp roll.  The spring roll was really greasy and I swear it was made from frozen .  If not, they need to seriously think about their technique.  The tempura shrimp roll was the smallest I have ever seen.  I'm not a big eater so small isn't necessarily bad to me if the quality is good but quality had nothing to do with this meal.I'm sad that this place is so bad.  It's right around the corner from my house so it's connvenient and I COULD go there often if  wanted to but not anymore.  I predict this place will be closed withinn 6-12 months which could be good.  Maybe something good can go in it's place.  If you want better sushi than this, look elsewhere.  Like the Safeway across the parking lot.  I'm sure theirs is better than this.
1	We have been going here for 5 years service has always been okay not great no matter who owned the place food has always been good not great but it is close. After tonight I would drive an 1hour for sushi before eating there again.We waited for over and hour on our sushi and yes they apologized several times they didn't comp anything no drinks no appetizer nothing.  They had a piece of raw wish laying on the cutting board before we got there and it was still there when we left 2hrs later.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would! I am certain that the positive reviews that have been written here were done by the owners or their spouses in an effort to get anyone not already "tainted" to stop in... Don't be fooled! The place is typically deserted for a reason... And just like the rest of the strip mall it resides in, I won't be surprised when it is empty for good.
2	We live close by,and have frequented the place for some time.  We weren't happy with our recent visit.  The Miso Soup tasted like sea water.  Wayyyy too salty.  Any taste I could perceive beyond the salt was too 'fishy'.  Not good.  The rice on the sushi was either not fresh or undercooked, far firmer than it should be.  Flavor was absent on rolls, partially because the actual meat portions are less than the fingernail on my little pinky.  Far diminished from our past visits.  One of our rolls also tasted 'fishy', which might not seem strange except that it was a Crab Roll.  The service was backwards as well.  She brought out two plates of sushi, then forgot to bring the ginger and wasabi, Lol.  After she came back with that, we politely requested the Kikkoman.  We like the ambiance and location and which is so close, and we will try it ONE more time.  Hopefully the management will read this review and get their act together.
1	Under old management this place was just OK.  We ate there last night, it has gone down hill.  Sushi rice was dry to point of being crunchy.  Miso soup tasted very fishy and salty, ginger salad was too salty.  Tempura sauce wasn't (tempura sauce), instead they served soy sauce with ginger.  That said, the tempura tasted great (except for the funky sauce).Service: mostly prompt, but the meal wasn't staged.  My salad, soup, and shrimp tempura all came at the same time.  Nigri sushi and rolls came a couple of minutes later.  Then we had to wait about 10 minutes after the sushi got there for ginger, wasabi, and soy sauce.  The garlic edamame came last, and only after we reminded the server that we had ordered it.In summary, poor meal staging, overly salty, some funky flavors.  I probably won't go back.
3	It makes sense that there was a recent owner change. The menus were filled with inconsistencies and misspellings. One menu offered complementary vegetable tempura and we were told, "They have not done that in some time." Thank goodness happy hour is available pretty much 24/7 (M-F 5PM-8PM) otherwise this place would be ridiculously overpriced. Inconsistant service with half of our table finishing their food before the other half was served. The fired calamari portion is much too small for the cost. The sushi itself was quite good.
5	A little pricey but definitely worth it! Everything is really fresh & their "designer" rolls are all tasty (what I've had so far).  The first time we went for lunch & it was just the 3 of us. The staff was really friendly & fun - they even encouraged us to "bomb" our saki bombers!  The place is very clean, even the bathrooms.  We've officially added this to our list of lunch spots to frequent!
4	I'm really happy they brought the happy hour back. It used to be a little overpriced but now it is a very nice spot for a quick dinner with a nice patio.
1	We were so looking forward to having a neighborhood Sushi place to go to.  Service was good however the sushi was average and way over priced.  We had two hand rolls, two sushi rolls and not alcohol.  The rolls did not have an abundance amount of sushi but the price tag was $75.00 for our order.  For this I would have gone to Ocean Club!  Probably will not be going back.
1	If you are a sushi lover, stay away!  We had the worst food EVER in a sushi restaurant at Satori tonight.  My son ordered chicken katsu which was so bad we sent it back.  (How do you mess up chicken katsu?)  We ordered salmon sashimi and it came FROZEN!  How inexcusable is it to serve frozen slices of fish at a sushi restaurant?  Needless to say we sent that back too, cancelled the rest of our order, paid for what we ate and left.  Never again.
4	Attended my first Sushi-licious Meet-up group gathering here---so glad to be introduced to a nice Sushi place close to home.I had the Spicy Tuna Roll and the Sunset Roll.  Very attractive, refined presentation and fish was fresh.  There were about twelve people in our group and I didn't hear a single person saying anything even a little negative about their meals, and with twelve sushi-aficianadoes, if it wasn't right, you would have heard.  One of the diners in our group ordered the Flaming Dragon---what a hoot!  A flaming plate of sushi---you had to be there!Service was very good by the two servers assigned our group, who deftly dealt with a lot of comments and questions and separate checks.  One of our diners requested a special order of deep fried salmon skin, and they made it happen for her and she was happy!They also sent us over a complimentary dish to share by the group and the owner came over to personally make sure we were happy with our meals and to thank us for coming. It was a very nice experience.  I am happy to recommend and I will happily return.
5	I love this place.They have a nice selection of sushi, fantastic happy hour values, a good bar, and every person there seems nice and sincerely friendly. I wouldn't change a thing about it and can't wait to come back soon.
3	Nothing about Satori really blows your hair back but they do have great specials on sushi. I frequent it often because it's convenient to where I live.
5	New ownership, much MUCH better experience.The owners seem to really care about the food quality, preparation and your experience.  The sushi chefs do a phenomenal job with both the basics, the nigiri and sashimi but their maki is absolutely awesome.Very reasonable prices for a high-quality sushi experience!
5	This place holds a special place in my heart because it's where my husband and I first started dating and we've seen it go through the management and ownership changes. I almost feel like this place would be better going under a new name to save them from all these yelp reviews.I love the extensive menu here and we really loved the Tears for Fears roll! We met the owner, BK and the management and waitstaff were great! They were very attentive to all of our needs. Loved their recommendations. The restaurant was quiet although we did go during a storm warning. Give this place a shot, the owners and new staff are worth a try.
1	The place was dead and I could understand why. We had a sweet new server and the owners made it a point to embarrass her in front of us. We were having conversation with our server when the owner rudely came up and threw the server under the bus. I will not go back there due to them. The sushi was good but I was so disgusted when we left.
3	Bought a groupon for this place and it worked out well. The feel of the place is spacious AZ/Asian  Don't drink the water it taste like it came out of the toilet. The cinco demayo is my favorite roll but be careful too much can leave your mouth on fire!  The orgasm roll was also tasty but my wife says her pino grigo tasted like it was watered down. You should pass on the Chicago roll I've had a better Kobe beef roll in Colorado.  We will try this place again to try other rolls and because we know that with all places sometimes things taste differently 5pm than let's say 8pm.
1	A quick trip to happy hour turned into a 1.5 hour fiasco in which two of my rolls weren't ready until I was walking out the door...Disappointed in the service and attitude of owners.  We ordered 4 sushi rolls.  Took one hour to get 2 of them.  The owner apologized with the excuse "It's really busy tonight."  Isn't that the goal of a restaurant- to be busy?  Multiple customers were arguing with the owner about sushi they didn't receive.  This place is quite close to my house but I'll travel further to get acceptable service.
1	CLOSED. This restaurant appears to be closed. Stopped my Saturday, Sept. 6 2014 at 8pm and doors were locked and the place was closed. Calling their number yields a phone has been disconnected & no longer in service. RIP Satori.
1	I have been procrastinating for a month on reviewing Satori Sushi because I really hate saying negative things, but my one and only visit (with my boyfriend) was absolutely terrible. Thank goodness we had a Groupon, because if we had not, I would have felt robbed.I should first mention that we tried to eat at Satori a few weeks prior to this visit on a Saturday around 6:00 pm. They were closed even though the hours posted on the door indicated they should be open. Another reviewer had a similar experience, so they must sporadically close sometimes. A note of explanation on the door would be considerate.So, when we did finally get the chance to eat here...We were greeted and seated by the owner who appeared to be very friendly on the surface, but in the way that seems like a facade. There was only one other couple there at the time (early evening on a Saturday). I ordered a beer and my boyfriend just had water. As another reviewer pointed out, the tap water tasted pretty bad, as if it came from the handwashing sink. I'd recommend the owner invest in a water filter.One of the rolls we ordered was Vegas roll. Now, one of the problems I have with sushi rolls, is that I am allergic to avocado. Since avocado is in most of them (and in the Vegas one) I always ask to have asparagus substituted after explaining my allergy. I have NEVER had a problem at other sushi restaurants with this simple request being done at NO CHARGE, since it's not me being a picky eater, but I am actually ALLERGIC to an ingredient. After the waitress asked the owner about my request, I was told they would do it, but for an extra $2 (the roll was already $12.50)! How insulting. It's not MY fault I can't enjoy avocado like everyone else. I told her that was ridiculous (isn't avocado generally a more expensive ingredient than asparagus anyway???) and asked if there was anything they could substitute for free. I got cucumber, which I am actually sensitive to but not completely allergic. Whatever, I went ahead with it. The second roll we got was the Chicago roll ($15). I also got 2 pieces of salmon nigiri for $6. For these prices, the portions should be huge. That's why we only got two rolls. I've been to other sushi restaurants with similar pricing and was stuffed after eating only one.So far I was not at all impressed with this place (the phone ringing on a wall right behind my boyfriend's head didn't help). I had a sinking feeling that the sushi was going to be a great disappointment, and I was right.The nigiri was small, not nearly enough rice used. The Vegas roll didn't have enough batter and was not very big. The Chicago roll was even more disappointing in size and the "kobe beef" was very chewy and tough. The presentation of everything was also very boring and uninspired. That's being a little nit-picky, but they need to try and justify their prices in some way! Just because they are in North Scottsdale doesn't automatically give reason to charge $12-20 for subpar sushi rolls!So the straw that broke the camels back is what happened after receiving the check. I mentioned my Groupon to the waitress and she left to talk to the owner. He came over with his fake smile and said we had to order something else. Our Groupon was for $40, and our total before tip was just under $41. He tried saying that he couldn't run my boyfriend's card for under a dollar and we needed to order something else, suggesting dessert or another beer. I told him the total was going to be much more than that since we'd be adding a tip. He proceeded to argue  and said I didn't understand how Groupons work and that we still needed to order something else. He gave us a "specials" menu and pointed out two-for-one sushi rolls... including the Vegas! Why were we not told of these specials initially?! They didn't know we had a Groupon until the check was brought out! This was all really making me mad and I did start to raise my voice a little. I told him that besides being a very experienced Groupon-er, I was also a Yelper, and he really needs to stop hurting his business by upsetting customers with unsavory business practices. I pointed out the lack of people in his restaurant on a Saturday evening (6pm at that point) and also suggested he greatly increase portion size and quality if he wants to continue charging that much. I told him we were NOT going to order anything else, and if he wanted me to call Groupon right then and there, I would. That did the trick. He said, "Ok, ok.", and processed our payment, and not a moment too soon. We wanted OUT of that place! As we left, he and the chef shouted something at us in Japanese. Was it a friendly farewell, thanking us for our business or something else? We will never know since we'll never come back.*Please note, one of my pictures says "$8 salmon nigiri". This is a mistake and I am unable to edit or remove that picture.
