4	I peed here many times. And I've eaten here - well not here - I ordered at the drive through and ate in my car on the way to/from Cali but same thing, right?Anyway, its a clean anf fast McDonalds. What else can you ask for? Good job.
4	Most of you know what to expect at a McDonalds, so I will keep this one very short:  fast service, hot food, and fairly clean.  It makes for a decent pit-stop in Gila Bend.
1	The first Drive up window is covered with a sunblock screen, I drove by it only to hear knocking from the back of my truck. So I pulled back to pay. Then they forgot straws. Then had to pull back because they gave my 2 year old frys instead of apples. Gila bend is punishment from above!
3	Considering this Mickey D's is one of very few choices to stop for food and restrooms on the way to/from Rocky Point, we ended up stopping here twice over the long weekend.I'm not a fast food fan, and I'm especially not a huge fan of McDonald's but I do have to say that they make a mean ice cream cone!  I had a coffee on our first stop, which was just fine (although they didn't have my preferred sweetener - the pink one).  On the way back, I went with a classic crispy chicken sandwich and had a few of Jared's fries; both were pretty gross.  For 55 cents though, I had a bag of apple slices, which was a not only a great deal but a healthy option too.  Decent bathrooms and a changing station to boot, I was thankful for that (as was baby M).  This is definitely not a destination but a decent road trip stop.  Be prepared though, it gets very busy on holiday weekends!
3	Great McDonald's.  We stop here every time we drive from San Diego to Phoenix.  Always clean and consistently good.  Nice and new too.  Only 3 stars, though, because it is after all a McDonald's.
3	good fast service, and the food didn't disappointed. i must have come in at the end of a rush because it was a little nasty in there.
1	Absolutely the worst McDonald's anywhere!   Bathroom's trash was overflowing and had no toilet paper.  Most pathetic looking employees ever - everyone looked miserable.   Manager was a total beeoch  when I told her she was giving us the wrong food and stormed off.  Rather than emptying the trash bins a worker used some metal device to smash it down.  Gross!  Food took at least 5 minutes to come out and was mediocre.   Go somewhere else!!
1	Stopped here to pee and eat breakfast our way to Rocky Point from Phoenix. Being a popular stopping point for those going to Mexico and San Diego you would think they would be suited to handle a plentiful amount of customers.....Nope. Walked in to see the counter lined with at least twenty tickets that hadn't been made and the kitchen staff seemed to move at a glacial pace. We were able to order right away but got stuck waiting 10 minutes before they called our number only to tell us they were out of sausage. Did I mention it was only 7:30? They still had three hours to go! After yet another 10 minutes they finally were substituted two sad looking bacon strips on a biscuit and called my number. It was the driest thing I have ever eaten. Not that I'm expecting much from McDonalds but c'mon!
4	If you get here during rush hour, it can get pretty slow. However, breakfast is par with other decent McD's and the bathroom and general cleanliness is slightly above par. Good place to take a break. No playground though.
3	I am not a big fan of fast food however when driving to from Phoenix/San Diego it is the most convenient spot to stop and grab a snack and use the facilities. Sometimes I wish the Love's next door had a Subway or something like that since Gila Bend doesn't really have health food options.
