2	Went there to try it out since As You Wish is always so busy.  The place was very neat and clean.  There was not a great selection of things to paint.  You have to select your paint off a wall of tiles with different paint colors and an associate gets the paint for you.  There was very few colors to select from as well.  You are not allowed to get your own paint and we waited sometimes up to five minutes for an associate to get us more paint.  We would be sitting there with nothing to do because of this.  One of the kids painted a picture holder (the kind that has metal prongs).  When we went to pick up our items, they did not glue the metal prongs in for us and was told that we must do it on our own at home.  We were not told this before purchasing.  Why should I have to go home and buy even more supplies just to glue this in? That should be a provided service!  Overall, I did not have a fun experience.  The kids and I did ALOT of waiting around for paint and the experience was less than memorable.  I will go back to As You Wish for the experience there is so much more fun and relaxed (even I someitmes have to wait to get a seat).  I would not recommend Color Me Mine.
5	I've been to Color Me Mine multiple times since the store opened a few years ago. The staff is always friendly and the owner, Genny, is definitely a cool cat. Some of the other reviews I've read don't make too much sense  at times. The store provides customers with over 60 different paint colors to choose from and around 8 different brush and sponge sizes. I think the store is much neater, more organized, and cleaner than As You Wish because the associates get the paint for the customers, clean up after them, and tend to them when they need it. There are literally hundreds of items to choose from to paint, from plates and mugs, to banks and figurines, to vases and frames, to garden and pet pieces. I also love the fact that Color Me Mine has parties and a separate room to have parties in if the guests choose too. It's bright and fun inside the store, and I've never been to a better paint-you-own-pottery studio ever.Highly recommended!
1	We went here with our kids at 745pm and the girl working there could not have been more un helpful, rushed us, dissapeared, was totally unhelpful, if you post a closing time be open to that time.
4	I've been to this store twice. My first visit there was an older women working.. The store was very, very busy, not sure why she was by herself, but she never seemed overwhelmed. Even with it being busy she kept our paint supplied, took time to give advice, would tell the kids what a great job they were doing and was smiling the entire time. She was really on the ball and gave over the top service. The second time, there were two young girls working. Was greeted with a hello, she got our paints and that was about it. They spent most of the time talking to each other. There was only a few customers and we had to keep asking for paint. If this would have been my first visit I don't think I would have gone back.
5	Came here with my mom to paint a few pieces and had a great experience. I painted a food/water dog bowl for my puppy. The employees were nice enough to let me bring my puppy in so I could put paw prints on the bowl (which didn't end up working out bc my dog was too excited). Would definitely return to create another project.
5	We had a great time painting and the atmosphere was so relaxing and great staff. David was very helpful answering all our questions and made sure we had everything we needed to complete our art projects. We will be back soon....
