5	Holy Hannah....I can't believe that I never knew about this place! Now, I am always in the mood for a good sandwich. Heidi's is where you will find me from now on...probably more often than I should be. The two calorie/fat ladened sandwiches that my friend and I split have probably taken about 2 years off my life but they were well worth it.The Cajun Crab Cake Sandwich was to die for!! The crab cake was crisp/hot and the special spicy sauce was delectable. We had our choice of homemade breads and decided to go with the French Hoagie....fresh and soft. And if that wasn't enough we had to be gluttonous and try one of their cold sandwiches.  Since it was Halloween day and we were in a festive mood we decided to go with the Hell's Kitchen sandwich....wow...I never thought egg salad would taste so good between layers of bacon, swiss, avocado and their special spicy sauce. Good prices and a very friendly staff....Heidi's is a spot to try if you are looking a good sandwich away from the norm. Be warned...they are addicting....
4	Tasty bread as it is baked fresh daily.  Their chocolate chip cookie is also very good.  The workers seem to be a lacking a bit in the service department but overall, the food is good.
4	Star deduction is for the teeny bags of chips that come with your sandwich....Otherwise I had a great experience.  The staff were all very friendly and my sandwich was awesome.  Authentic Brooklyn?  I don't know and I don't really care, the bread was fresh, the veggies were crunchy, the sauces they put on were good.  So yeah, go git cha some!
5	This place is awesome... I happen to work next door and we order lunch from there all the time, Well maybe i should say ordered lunch from there all the time, There was some sort of drama or something and the place was forced to shut down... The sandwiches were delicious and the soup amazing, the staff was very friendly and will be missed... The prices were more than fair for the massive sandwiches they served up.. Sad to see the place go.
5	These sandwiches are amazing.  We had a catering for a night of long IT work and ordered from Heidi's all the different sandwiches we could figure.   Great thick bread, delicious meats and fresh vegetables with fixings and a pickle!  NOM NOM NOM!
5	I've only tried this place once, but I already know the next time I go, I will have the same experience. They have $5 specials and they give you a pretty nice serving. I bought the Cajun Crab Cake on rye and LOVED IT. The cookie that came with my meal was delicious. I love this place and you have to try it if you get a chance. I am going back there today and will post an update
