5	Excellent pet boarding experience! Things couldnt have been smoother and the couple that my Issabella stayed with for 8 days were truly wonderful. They gave me daily updates/pictures and I felt so comfortable with them watching her. She is a 4 month old Cavalier. I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this service--they are organized, efficient and afforable.
5	Rover.com was absolutely fantastic to use for our pet-boarding needs. We have a very nervous dog and a very hyper dog - both came home happy and healthy. Our shy guy has even been more outgoing since returning! I couldn't be happier with the services that rover.com gave us, and have even recommended several people to them already with one friend using them this week!
5	My border collie mix is a homebody - he would have hated being boarded up in a kennel. I was excited to find Rover.com - it was easy to sort through available sitters to find what I was looking for (which was a large area where he could get plenty of exercise). I took Max over for a meet and greet before I booked, and was perfectly comfortable leaving Max and our son's dog there. We will be using Rover.com again.
5	I recently moved to the Pittsburgh area and didn't know anyone.  When a trip to return to my home in Salt Lake City came up, I was worried about where to board my Scottish Terrier puppy, Angus.  He had just been neutered and needed a pet sitter who was willing to take special care of him, i.e. make sure he was wearing his e-collar at night and didn't have access to his stitches.   Rover.com was the best site to help me find the right person for my dog.  It is easy to use, provided me with a list of possible dog boarders in my area, handled the money exchange, and introduced me to a great pet sitter, Jeannine.  Thanks Rover.com!
5	I actually found Rover.com through Yelp.  I needed a dog sitter at the last minute since our original plans fell through.  I was able to locate a sitter and arrange everything through their website.  It was very user friendly and I will definite use it again.
