5	YUMMY!!!!! That's all I seriously need to say.I think this place has totally ruined every other sushi restaurant in the world for me, no word of a lie. I popped in here with a friend this past week for a quick lunch, and at first glance was a little frustrated with their limited menu. However, our waitress brought out the sushi plate of the month and explained that this month's theme was blueberry (meaning that blueberries were somehow tied into each roll). Every piece looked delicious, and so I decided to go for the special wondering how sushi could be transformed in that way.Yum yum yum yum yum....every single piece was super delicious. Some were melt in your mouth amazing, and some had a super crazy fusion of flavors that made me rethink sushi all together. I love the creativity, love the concept, the high energy service, and the cool decor. I can't really speak for the other plates, but I am 100% going to be back and will bring everyone I know over because it's really a restaurant you should visit if you appreciate good sushi and are open to a little creativity!
1	We got two plates of the "chef's choice" and they were all terrible! Most of them sweet and had nothing to do with sushi. They dropped the ball. Worst sushi I have ever had!
1	The sushis arent bad, flavour profile for the makis are nice but the rice isnt well cooked all the time. We went there three time. The first time was ok but the manager / owner went on about hernpersonal life and why shes was in a bad mood( first time we met her). The second time we did takeout and the wait was quite long, the manager/ owner passed a couple bad remarks about clients. Then today we went because it said that they were open 11-10 on yelp. We got there ate 15:30 the door was unlocked. We walked in and we abruptly got told that they were opening at 16. We said we wanted taked out  and got a rougher answer that they were opening at 4pm. Then the lady that told us off wich is the same than in the previous time told us she would take oiur order.  We saud no thank you and walked away to never go back there again.   Bad client service.... Not worth your money go spend it somewhere else since the sushis are on the expensive side too...
