2	A nice little place located in Chinatown.  The prices are like any other local bar.  The design inside is pretty nice with a small lounge area.  However, the place is dead.  There wasn't anybody inside on a Saturday night.  I guess that might be a good thing for some people.  However, I like to interact with a few other people.  The food isn't that great.  The best thing was probably the pot stickers.  I guess if you just want a quiet place to chill that feels pretty nice, this is a nice place to go.
3	This place was ok.  I wouldn't mind chilling out here with a few friends for some drinks and small dishes.  Strangely enough...everyone there was Asian!  We ordered the dumplings and salad which were fine.  I ended up winning $60 at video blackjack so the wife and I were freerolling there which was nice!
2	I'm always in Chinatown and last night was the first time I've checked out Little Macau. I don't know how this place would fit into my social life. I've never seen it a full house, so its not good for people-watching. Its alright for an overpriced cocktail, but its too far away from home to be my corner bar. I paid $14 for two Tanqueray and tonics. Its a nice low key place to have a drink if you're in the neighborhood. I think they had happy hour from 10p to 1a. We ordered our first round at 950p and later ordered two more rounds and an appetizer. We didn't get any discount. They have a small menu with dumplings ($7-8) and fried rice and a lot of Portugese-influenced dishes, like Carne de Porco with Green Beans ($13), as Macau was colonized by the Portugese. I think the bartender was saying something about the joint being built right around the time the whole no smoking in establishments that serve food law was being passed, so they came up with an agreement to outsource food from the "Korean restaurant next door" (I believe he was referring to Dae Jang Keum or DJK). Its convenient for them because they don't have to worry about kitchen health codes and pay for all of the equipment and worry about taking up precious bar stool space with a kitchen. But it took longer then it should've for my friend to get her steamed pork dumplings. And the bartender didn't seem that knowledgeable about the foods. "Everything that I've tried is good." But its friggin' bar food, who cares how good it is? The decor was nice. My friend loved the gold wall with velvet elaborations. The lounge in the back is really laid back. But there was no bar wench, so you have to order your drinks at the bar every round. * off the strip, non-casino
1	I didn't believe it at first but I had to try....Friend told me a weird little thing they did.I went there to check it out. It's weird because it's kinda a hipster place and it's Uhmmmm Chinese food that's overpriced. But not like real Chinese food. It's setup for the American palette. The drink menu was ok. A little expensive for what it is. But the weird thing was, our server or manager gave us the option of ordering from the kitchen...or Kung Fu Chinese and Thai food which was across the street. WHAT THE PHO?  Ok so yes it was funny and I did order. I ordered thai curry number 8, pad thai, number 5. Thai beef salad...number 8.  Yes....it came on delivery and I ate it at my table in take out boxes. But I had beer and tea from the actual place. Ok is there something wrong with the kitchen that they would offer me food from somewhere else?"Oh sir prease stay and order food across the street.""SUPPLIES! Food too spensive! Order Kung Fu!"
5	Kim is the best bartender ask for her she makes the best long island in Vegas!
4	Went here on a tuesday night to throw a few back.  The drink prices are pretty cheap if you are looking to get drunk at a decent price with your buddies.  However, we were the only ones in this joint.  If you do not care to people watch, this place is pretty chill on a weekday around 11 pm.  If jager is your bestfriend and want to relive the collge days, you will appreciate the 3 dollar jager shots or 4 dollar jager bombs specials.  The ladies will enjoy the red headed sluts or surfer on acid specials at 4 bucks a pop.  The music played here is a cd that only has five songs or so...  if you like party rock anthem this is your spot.  I think we heard it three or four times.  After a few jager bombs your body will naturally shuffle.
4	Decided to grab a couple of drinks here after dinner at mr. tofu since it was just a couple of doors down.  I liked the decor and the ambience.  The bartender was super cool and was very attentive.  The beers were cheap and there were a good variety of liquors (they had my chopin!).  I did kind of wish there were maybe some dart boards or something other than the video poker in the bar (but this isn't a sports bar).  This place is open 24 hrs a day so there ain't nothing wrong with that!
3	Little Macau is great for your late late night eats and drinks any night of the week.  When everything is closed on your only night off, its Wednesday night, 4 or 5am Thursday morning, and you and your friends are not ready to go to bed, where better to go?  Really, where else is there?  Once inside the 24hr bar you will be happy to know that you can have whatever drinks you want for free so long as you stick some money in the computerized betting machines and slowly play some bonus poker or black jack.  You can seriously milk this situation if you play slow, and all you'll have to do for your drinks is throw the bartender a tip (and sometimes go find him and flag him down even if there are no other customers).  Also, at this time in the morning there are only so many places to eat, but two of those places are "Pho Kim Long" and "Lee's Sandwiches", which are both located in the same shopping center, are both open 24 hrs, and will both deliver to the bar.  The bar tender will provide you with menus, and the food will be delivered to you at the bar in no time.  This place is a bit of a hidden gem, and you will never find more than a few other people in there, which is part of what makes it so cool!  Beware though, there are no clear windows, and before you know it, it will be 6 or 7am and you will be walking to your car in bright daylight dreading the drive home.3.5 out of 5
3	Little Macau is a quaint little bar in China Town where you can find beer for a very reasonable price.  The bar itself is decorated with many tables so many customers can be accommodated. The back of the bar has a private area for parties, or just intimate setting.  Sofas and low tables were matched with colorful drapes and pillows for comfort.We came here to watch the Superbowl this year and the crowd gave the place an exciting feeling.  During that day, they were giving away raffle tickets to win bottles of alcohol.  Luckily, my friend and I won a bottle of wine.  Service was exceptional as the bartender tended to us as soon as she saw us sit down.  I was very happy with her.A couple of years ago, I gave my boyfriend a surprise birthday party here.  I chose Little Macau for the price of their beverages and because of the private back area they have.  We had a successful night with 30 of friends with us.  There was no charge for using the back room, and we were permitted to bring food from outside in to their establishment.  All we had to pay for were the alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks they served, and that was very reasonable.I like coming here for a calm experience and will keep coming back to just have a cold beer.  I would even come back here for another special occasion with friends.
4	Went on a Thursday night and had a great time hanging out with some friends.  Beer is cheap and it's a short walk from Thai Style Noodle House.A great night!
4	My friend from Oahu had friends coming in to town, so he took me here. I didn't know what to expect. It's located in a big, outdoor strip mall "off of the strip." There's a Lee's Sandwiches nearby and some other Asian eateries.  The inside was a little dark. The bar stretches over a good size of the room, and there is a lounge area in the back for private parties. Surprisingly, the scene wasn't that seedy. Sure, there were some locals there but the scene wasn't ghetto. They have specials on different Jaeger inspired drinks there were four bucks and some change. They have flat screen TVs which were showing some UFC fights. Not too many pretty ladies in here that night, that's the only complaint.
4	I started coming here about 5 months ago, it has quickly become one of my go to places for pre dinner drinks.  I spend a lot of time in China town so it only makes sense to come here have a couple of drinks then go off for dinner.  I was always a little scared to go in because it has double tinted windows and thought I was going to run into some of the Las Vegas Triads in there.  ;) Nope a cool place with a cool vibe and very nice decor!  Think strip lounge ish off the strip with locals prices.There are all kinds of people in the bar Asian decent, Tattoo guys, business men and women, dealers from the casinos like I said a little of everything.  The type of music they play depends on the crowd there at the time.  Quite a few Tv's so you can watch your games.  There is a ton of good food within stumbling, walking and driving distance.  A lot of the food places in china town are 24 hrs as is this bar. They do have Lee's sandwich and Pho Kim Long that deliver food here for them.  I haven't been there late night but I have heard it gets pretty busy.  They have a full bar with gaming, couches with tables for lounging and a back room off the main bar a bit for parties with couches curtains and a VIP feel.It is under new management so they do have drawings for four of a kinds and wheel spins for full houses for happy hours.  They have 3 happy hours for the 3 different shifts in this town and I do seem to win here quite a bit!  A big bonus in my book!Some of the downfalls of this place is because it is such a diverse crowd you never know the environment you will be coming into.  Sometimes they have parties and the music is extra loud.  The free wi-fi is moody and sometimes does not work ( if you now me that is a big gripe of mine ) But I am willing to put up with the downfalls for good drinks with good people.
3	Came here on Friday to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I didn't stay long.  I had an OK time and at the moment, other places really suaded me otherwise.The place is dark and filled with Asian decor and influence.  It's located in the middle of a Chinatown strip mall with one of my favorite Pho restaurants, Pho Kim Long.  I was baffled as to why there was bouncer, since we were the only reason the place was busy.  There's a bunch of couch seating in the back creating an intimate setting for a small party.  Unfortunately there was no food and I was super hungry :(The bar was filled with TVs and LOTS of seating.  There was also a DJ there doing Karate Karaoke which helped liven up the crowd.I had an OK evening.  Unfortunately that might not be enough for me to consider this place in the future.  Chinatown is filled with little jems and I don't really consider this place on that list.  If you're looking for a venue to hold a party and not looking to get an upfront charge to save the space, maybe this place is perfect!
3	Little Macau is easy to miss. Once there, it is nothing spectacular. The positive aspects of the bar are the private backroom and the close proximity to late night eats. My friend recently had a birthday party here and the lounge was the perfect setting for conversation. The bar is large, but there was only two bartenders to tend to the masses. The drinks are not very strong and the music can be a miss.
4	So I get a text from my girl Shay "Karaoke TONIGHT @ Little Macau in Chinatown"  I jump on YELP to read the reviews for this place.  Reviews were ok, 3STARS mainly, if you looking for the MEGAstrip vibe then you might as well just go down to the strip.A very low-key type of establishment, dark and cheap drinks, my personal opinion nothing fancy but a place to have fun with friends.  NO FOOD, eat before you get here or just go to one of the many restaurants that are opened 'til the wee hours. Super selection for karaoke....HELLOOOO, where can you do a BAD rendition of Salt 'n Pepa's PUSH IT" i'm just saying.  I don't know if it's the same DJ every weekend but the DJ that was there tonight was awesome.  He played all popular line dance songs: THE WOOBLE, CUPID SHUFFLE and I LOOK GOOD. That's a workout in itself, who needs a Zumba DVD when you can go to the bar and sweat.  NO COVER, once again I have to repeat CHEAP DRINKS: $4 mixed drinks, heavy pour I LOVE IT.  Towards the back of the bar there are couches to sit with a big group, kind of like a VIP area w/o having to pay the VIP FEE. Here's the reason why I'm giving this place a rating of: 4STARSGiving my drink order to the bartender, she starts coughing and SNEEZED.  In my head (and it probably was written all over my face) I was saying "she better was her hands before she makes my drink...and that's what she did, she stepped away went to the bar sink and washed her hands with soap and water.  On top of that, got out the HAND SANITIZER and sanitized her hands.  Came back to complete my drink order, prior to asking me what my drink was she apologized and said "I had to wash my hands, I was coughing my badd"  Not only did I give a her a nice tip for the polite courtesy but it also up'd my star rating from 3STARS to 4STARS for Little Macau.If you're looking for flashy, overpriced drinks, scantily clad women and  outrageous cover charge this is not the place.  Ok, maybe the scantily clad women but that's it.If you're looking to kickback, crack jokes and hang with friends, have a good time then this is the place for you.  Throw on some shorts, a tank top and some sandals and go have a good time.  Sing a song or two...OMG, how can I forget they have THE BEASTIE BOYS in the karaoke book. C'mon who doesn't like the BEASTIE BOYS? girl or guy, ijsI will be back, I had lots of FUN ...go check is out for yourself"save the heels and short dress for another evening, this is totally laid back"
3	I've been here about 2 or 3 times and I think this is a pretty cool bar if you're in the neighborhood! Always ask for drink specials! They usually have $2 bud & $5well drinks! What I like about this bar is that you can order out, get delivery or bring your own food because they don't have a kitchen! So if you get hungry ask them for some delivery/takeout menus! Shout out to June the bartender for being cool!!! Hot Tip: they have $20 hookah!!!!! Yes!
4	- $2 bottled Bud Lights 24/7 and $4 Ketel One martinis are a bargain.- It's next door to Lee's Sandwiches and Pho Kimh Long, which are also both open 24/7 for late night grubbing on banh mi or Viet diner-type food.- Bartenders are friendly and always quick to take/fill my drink order.
4	a calm and modest bar off the strip....cheap drinks...generally open seating so good place if you dont like it too crowded...nice bartenders....good priced drinks...opens 24 hours...yay to no last call in vegas...i have friends that live in vegas so its our go to spot to meet our local friends.
3	great for late night open 24/7, I am in!
4	I've been here just a few times and each time has been a pretty good experience. I love the loungey feel to the place. LOTS of couches and stuff to sit back and chill on and you can rent hookah!! TOTAL SCORE. They also have high tops in the bar area and gaming at the bar tops. They only serve alcohol here, no food BUT they have the neighborhood menu's you can order from and just walk on down to Pho Kim Long or wherever you wanna pick up food from and head back and eat and draaaaaaaaaank and smoke! The crowd gets a little "interesting" later into the night - just a heads up!
3	It aint that expensive. Total dive bar...felt like I was in China, except the bar was full of white boys. Lawlz.There's a small nook in the back where you can rent out for a private party or event. Nice bar. Would go again.
4	I've come here for meetings and Karaoke. Place is very classy, bartenders are hot and friendly, not to mention they know how to treat customers! Would definitely recommend them again!
3	Great place to meet up after work or before going out. Lain is my favorite bartender.
1	This is probably the worst bar I've ever been to. I went in on Christmas evening with a friend to have a couple drinks. We sat down at a booth and the bartender yelled from behind the bar do you want something. I asked if she had a menu and she said no we just have the normal stuff. So I went up to the bar and ordered a couple drinks. All I could hear for 30 minutes was the bartender with the worst language I've heard. I went up to order another drink and stood there for over five minutes while she text on her phone ignoring me. The final straw was when somebody brought in two dogs to the bar who started running around and the bartender came out and started playing with them. I don't understand how this place stays in business. Do not go here under any circumstances. Terrible service, terrible atmosphere, and terrible experience.
4	I've been to this bar a couple of times now. The bartenders present themselves beautifully. They are friendly and their service is fast! The atmosphere is comfortable and laid-back with plenty of TVs. I'm no professional gambler, but the bar-top gaming machines seem looser then some others I've played in Vegas. I do not loose money hand over fist at Little Macau. I've been to other bars where every 20 is met swiftly by a 21, and every Hit over 11 is a sure bust. Like the other posts mention, there are all types of people here, not just one genre of customer, and everyone that I talked to was polite. I recommend checking the place out if your on Spring Mtn. They also allow you to bring in food from the nearby restaurants.
4	This place is very different than most bars in town. It has a bar feel in the front, complete with gaming for those interested in trying their luck. It has couches in both the front and back for those interested in a little more privacy/intimacy. The back area is available for private parties and some nights have DJ's.  The only knock on the place is the lack of food, BUT, there are several restaurants with in walking distance, AND several will deliver to Little Macau! Just ask a bartender for menus or suggestions.
3	The inside is different than what you may expect - clean and not overly smokey. Their dishwasher was broken so everything was served in really small glasses. On Fridays they have a poker tournament that is apparently feee to play with some cash prizes.
2	Not exactly a place for tourists. perhaps it is for local. It's not very big. And there were a not more than 5 people when we were there. Simply boring.
5	Great place fun atmosphere. Great spot for locals to hang and relax. They have couches in the from and back to chill with a group of friends if you want.
1	I saw one of the rudest bartender I've seen in my life. Bartender didn't shy to scream at patrons and it really bothering my drinking time with my buddy. She was making some racist comment to other customer. I wish i remembered to took her name. Establishment that hire this kind of bartender deserve a one star review.
2	Other than being in Chinatown and the name, there's nothing Asian about this bar. Just another seedy bar in Vegas. Expensive and unclean. Although, it's cool to have a dive bar close to all of the restaurants but maybe if more about it had an Asian feel to it, it might be more enjoyable. Just seems it of place.
5	Nice little locals spot. Bartenders and security always greet us with a smile. They treat you like friends, not customers.
5	$2 dollar bud light drafts, bartender was super nice. I walked into this place not expecting anything but wow.. a real nice hidden gem in chinatown. Craft beer was $4 bucks... not bad either. Go for it!
5	Have you checked us out lately? We have new bartenders to make your visit with us even more pleasant.  Come in enjoy some drinks with us. Our machines are hot.  Mention this post and have a drink on me.  Hope to see you soon.  -Jana
