5	I selected First Light Home Care after interviewing several agencies to replace one that had been providing declining level of services to my aging father. Doctor's appointments were being missed, his personal items unkempt and communication was poor. I was hoping to find an agency that provided compassionate, professional and qualified services and staffing.  I believe I have found those very qualities in First Light. From my very first meeting with the representative of the local branch, Dawn Elkjer, I felt my father would be in competent hands. Her demeanor was one of understanding, competence and assurance. She immediately recognized my father's needs and matched him accordingly with caregivers who have provided for his companionship and comfort.I also learned I could depend on First Light during a time of an unforeseen medical emergency, first recognized by one of the caregivers assigned to my dad's case who accompanied my father to a doctor's visit and was sure to point out such findings. He then made arrangements to prolong his shift to remain with my dad through ensuing testing and another follow up doctor's appointment which resulted in an urgent hospital admission. During the entire time, Dawn and owner Jim remained in touch with me to ensure my father's needs would be met upon discharge, agreeing at short notice to arrange for 24/7 assistance until such time as my dad's strength has returned. The caregivers they've provided and whom we've met have been of excellent skill and caliber.First Light has demonstrated to me that they are fully dedicated to serving the clients, and families, entrusted to their care. I'm glad I made the change to this company when I had.
5	FirstLight Home Care offered excellent service and helped our family manage a difficult period post surgery. From the moment I reached out to Dawn Elkjer, she was  warm, caring, responsive and professional.  She truly cared about our family's needs and was able to provide several outstanding caregivers. This was the best and most reliable home care agency I have ever worked with.
5	A family member went into the hospital and we live in LA so could not make it to PHX to help out. We had an idea of hiring a caregiver to help with hospital visits, cleaning up around the house, walking the dogs, etc. We spoke to Dawn who asked us tons of good questions so she could find the best match. Dawn told us all about the company and reassured us. We got only rave reviews about the caregivers. They did a great job and I would highly recommend them to all!
