1	Saw a review and must add my two cents.  I called them 2/8/2013  The guy said he would look at my folder of previously installed countertop and call me back.  He never returned my phone call, so today I was ale to hire someone else to do the job.  So you people lost out and I will never recommend you to anyone.  At least you could have called and said you were not able or interested in the job and/or rec ommended someone else.
5	I have been working with the folks at Countertop Creations. They are awesome and do a wonderful job. I think the negative reviews are just a couple of bad situations. These guys are great.
1	Oiy.Communication & customer service are obviously NOT something this company values... AT ALL. I mean seriously, how hard it so to make a phone call? Send an email? A text? SOMETHING?We decided to re-do our kitchen, and went to Home Depot to get a good, basic kitchen done at a reasonable price. Home Depot contracted out the counter tops to Countertop Creations. Ok - fair enough. We trust Home Depot, so why not go with the guys they choose.They gave me a ring the day before they were coming out to do the measurements. They had a few questions and at the end of the conversation I was told that IF we wanted to select the slab of granite (we selected a sample in store) we had to select it by the following Tuesday. We had family in town that weekend, and I wasn't sure we could make it to the granite place to do so - so when I asked what would happen if we didn't select the slab ourselves, I was told that the granite company would send over some slabs. The risk was that we may not like the pattern or grain of the selected slab. Again, fair enough. We also confirmed installation date, which was a little over two weeks way.The team came out and did the measurements - hubs said they were thorough. Tuesday came and went - and were unable to make it out & select the slab... but we're covered, right? Riiigggght.Two weeks passes, and it's the day before our installation. I called Countertop Creations at 4:30pm and asked what time they would be at our home the next day. I was told by Jaime that they had CANCELLED our appointment because (get this) we HADN'T SELECTED OUR SLAB! What the what?After explaining to Jaime my confusion, he told me that his notes stated that I understood that not selecting a slab would push our install date back, indefinitely. WHAT THE WHAT? I totally lost my temper. I did. It was the week of Thanksgiving, and we had family coming over... and I'm being told the day before installation that there will be NO installation, and that it's my fault.I asked why we weren't notified, and was told it wasn't up to them. I told him it was atrocious customer service - and his response was that we didn't hire them... Home Depot did. WHAT THE WHAT?? Who do you think is paying for this, friend?They re-scheduled our install for two weeks later, but never apologized. Never admitted they screwed up  - even when Home Depot and the granite place BOTH agreed that we did not have to choose our slabs. Then the day they came to install, they had cut some of the pieces wrong. The first solution they gave us was to have 3/8" gap between the granite and the wall... OR wait 6 weeks for another piece of slab to come in. WHAT THE FREAKING WHAT? Thankfully someone who works there has some part of a working brain and figured out a solution that got the slab fixed the next day. Look - I get it. Remodeling isn't easy. It's not quick. But at the VERY LEAST you can communicate and provide good customer service. AT THE VERY LEAST. Find a company that gives a sh*t and hire them.
