4	I needed x-rays done and they don't take appts for that (if they did 5 stars), but even during the bust lunch time rush I was in and out in about 1/2 hour. The staff was very willing to help when I needed copies of my films also.
4	Had to get an Ultrasound and I work on this side of town. So I took a couple hours off to get it done, then head back to work.They were organized and friendly. My radiologist was very nice and seemed to do her job well. The facility was very clean, in a nice area. I would recommend this location and go back to this location if the need arises.
1	This place is HORRIBLE, not only did they charge me $109 cash price up front, which i expected, but I later got a bill from them saying my insurance had declined their request and I owed them another $220, So I called my insurance (like i always do if something seems off), and I WAS right, it was never declined!!!!!!! and I only owed $11!!!!!!! NOT to mention when I went back to my Dr for my results of all the tests I had done (which was 3 months after the ultrasound) THEY NEVER SENT MY TEST RESULTS TO MY DOCTOR!!, so my Dr calls them while I am at the Dr office, and they says "we will fax it right over" after waiting an hour, I left and my Dr said when it comes in they will just call me, of course that was the day before thanksgiving so I called early the next week THEY STILL DIDN'T FAX IT! lazy worthless people!!!!  I cannot tell you how unprofessional this place is! please please, go somewhere else!!! save yourself the hassle.
5	Surprisingly on time and efficient.  My mom is here for x-rays and other tests and her primary doctor failed to fill out their end of the paperwork they gave me to bring. Desert Radiologist were nice enough to call and get the paperwork so mom wouldn't have to make 2 trips here. I really appreciate it since mom is in a wheel chair and it's not easy to be out and about.
5	Had a positive experience here for a CT scan.  But what was most impressive was that, even with a crowded and noisy waiting room, I was taken into the testing facility within 10 minutes of my check-in (a couple minutes before my scheduled appointment), and they even apologized for the 10-minute wait.  I have no idea what they do to make it possible, but obviously they are adamant about seeing patients on time, and for a large medical facility these days, that's practically unheard of.I haven't had a lot of radiology in my day (thankfully), so I'm limited on what I can compare it to, but clearly their attitude toward customer service is one-in-a-million, and for that I can't overstate what a welcome surprise it was.
5	Well I was a year late, but better late then never right? I had to come here for my very first mammogram. Hit the BIG 40 last year & it's the thing to do. Early detection=better outcome! This location is easy to get to, has is own parking lot with plenty of parking spots with two entrances. When I walked into the building I found it very clean & the waiting room spacious. Due to the clear & large lettered signs I knew exactly which line to stand in. There was someone in front of me so I stood back to give them their privacy & once they stepped away I went right up to the counter & was greeted right away buy a smiling, pretty young lady named Aleena. I put my name & time of arrival & time of my appointment on the required board & she quickly took care of me & had me go down a few counters to get registered. I had a few papers to fill out but nothing complicated & easy to understand. Aleena complemented me on my nice hand writing & took my ID & insurance card from me. Probably took about 10 minutes for this process & I was soon sitting in the waiting area to be called back. I probably waited about 10 minutes before I was called back & greater by Maureen. She took me down the hallway & had me go into a little room with two lockers & some gowns to change into. She told me to head down the hallway (pointed where) once I was done & she would wait for me down there. I had the option to leave my stuff in the locker or take it with me. I chose to leave it in the locker that had a key I was able to take with me to the exam room. I was instructed to just remove my top & bra & was able to keep my pants on. I met Maureen down the hallway & was taken into the exam room. She explained what she was going to do prior to doing this. She was very gentle & I must say this exam was pain free!!! How many of you ladies have heard that mammograms hurt?? I have & my breast were already tender to begin with & I have a lot to work with! When I asked Maureen if it was more painful for a women with very small breast vs one with bigger breasts (prior to the exam) she told me it wasn't the size but the tech who does the mammogram. Well she knew what she was talking about & she was so gentle! I never once felt shy or embarrassed during the exam. I felt @ ease. Being in the medical field this may have made it easier for me & I wasn't nervous. I loved how friendly the staff was, how easy the process was to register & get my exam done (about 10-15 minutes long) & get in & out of there! I will definitely go back to this location for any future radiation needs & will highly recommend this place to friends & others! I also loved the uniforms they wear! Great job guys! Thanks! :-)
2	They have a billing/collection company that is totally disconnected from their business.  They sent me a bill. I paid it. A month later their billing calls me saying I never paid their bill. There is no way to talk to anyone at the billing company, and all billing questions are referred by Desert Radiology to that billing company!  I hate being harassed for bills I have already paid! They need a billing person on-site!
