5	Once upon a time, there lived a happily married couple, young and in love, Julio and Olivia Garcia.  While they were happy and successful, Olivia decided she wanted to go out on a limb and open a restaurant. Julio supported her of course as did other members of the family.  This grew from barely more than a taco stand, to having several large locations around the valley.  They finally grew so large, a member of the family could no longer be at each location ensuring it was being run to their standards, so they sold the business to a franchise chain.  But Julio and Olivia were far from done.  They wanted to go back to what had made them so successful in the beginning, so they created The Original Garcia's Las Avenidas.  The above is a Readers Digest version of the story on-line.  It was important to open with that because this is NOT another Garcia's restaurant.  This is how they started - what made them successful.  And SO much more.  There are 2 buildings.  One large building that houses the restaurant and (my favorite part) an "Express" restaurant that makes a limited menu, but all the basics, that are available through DRIVE THOUGH!  Oh yea.  Drive through.  It's amazing!  Or you can park and walk into the small waiting area.  Either way.  But the main restaurant is SO amazing.  It's like you are going to a nice restaurant in Mexico.  Plants, flowers, fountains, tons of saltillo tile, cool art.  And all sorts of fun little nooks to sit.And did I mention it's less expensive than the chain?  Oh yea.  You're getting Original level Garcia's food, overseen by Garcia's family members in an amazing location, and it will actually cost you less.  It's really amazing.  And did I mention we've always had great service?  Even with a large party  (and some of those people who never know what they want) everything was polite and managed as smoothly as if we'd been a party of 4.It's such a fun place.  I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
5	I am a second generation Garcia's Las Avenidas patron, as my folks frequented the little taco stand down the street that started the whole thing. I swear instead of a pacifier, my mom put a Garcia's shredded beef taco in my mouth, and its been love ever since.This is hands down one of my favorite places to get Mexican food and I love that the family has stuck to their roots even as the neighborhood has changed drastically over the years. The staff is friendly and consistent (in other words - go often - and you get treated like family).I would offer up suggestions for the best menu items, but truthfully I LOVE IT ALL.  Everything is made fresh on-site so quality has never been a question. One thing I would add to Kristin's review is that if you are looking for a deal, the prices at the Take Out center are about 1$ cheaper per item. The only down side is that you can't order Margaritas to go, so if you want one, drink it down while you are waiting for your order to come up.Since I live about 10 minutes from the location, I usually hop in my car, hit my speed dial to order, and depending on whether or not there are a lot of cars in the drive thru line, cruise right on in to grab my food and go.  Portions are pretty large, so if you are ordering a two item combo or one of their dinners, plan on leftovers. But where else can you get two meals with chips & salsa for around 10 to 12 bucks??Oh and did I mention the Fried Ice Cream? Messy as all get out, but OMG is it good!!!
4	As soon as I walked in the door I knew we were in for a real treat! The inside of this place blew me away. Not sleek, modern or sexy but comfortable antiquity. The sheer volume of this space would rival some dim sum houses.. its huge but cozy, I know that doesn't make sense.. you have to see it.. like going to your rich Mexican grandmothers house. The food and service was awesome! This is how Garcia's used to be when I was a kid before they started to go down hill. Pollo Fundido was awesome however, the chicken had a slight fridge taste so you know it wasn't made that day. Seriously, if you go you have to try the Fundido!  It's stil super yummy!Oh they used to have something called Olivia's sampler, basically everything in miniature with a green corn tamale.. its been renamed the Appetizer sampler.. this to is a must!  A TON of super yummy goodness! Make the trek to the 'hood.. this is an oasis in the middle of a not so great area!
5	This may just be our new favorite Mexican restaurant! Hubby and I were seated immediately, got drinks and chips right away, and settled in to look at the large menu. Hubby immediately saw the Pollo Fundido and when I told him a fellow Yelper had recommended it (thanks, Alexander!) he was done looking. Indeed, he was not steered wrong- it was an absolutely delicious combination of tender and moist chicken mixed with seasonings and topped with cream cheese and melted cheddar. I love carnitas, and so decided to give theirs a try. Holy wow- so well seasoned and savory and yet magically, you could still really taste the pork. Super tender, as well- it must have been cooked for many many hours. The beans that came on both of our molten hot plates were really good. I like it when there is actual texture to refried beans rather than a puree, and these were chunky and flavorful with melted cheese on top. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican rice, but this at least had pieces of vegetable in it and a good flavor.We got a fried ice cream to share (thanks, Julie!) and it was huge and delicious, topped with strawberries and whipped cream. The service was warm, friendly and attentive- like being taken care of by an aunt. To top it all off, and what tipped my rating from 4 to 5 stars, was the price- $32 for two hearty entrees, beer, sodas, and dessert?!? Easily one of the best values in a quality sit-down restaurant we've had in a long time. Garcia's is going in our regular rotation.
4	Not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but pretty damn close. DEFINITELY the best decor of ANY Mexican place I've ever eaten at, and that's a lot of places. Minus one star as our waiter was on the slow side and not very attentive, especially considering it was not that busy. Great spot...I will return.
5	I have patronized Garcia's since 1962 when it was located at 35th Ave. and McDowell.  In 2001 my wife and I moved to Marshfield, MO and we still drive back to Phoenix at least once a year to eat at Garcia's.  This is my favorite eatery in the United States.  We now live in the mid-west and I haven't found decent Mexican Food since we left Phoenix.  I judge every Mexican Restaurant I eat at by this one.  I particularly like the combination appetizers and I really like the Green Tamale... oh yeah... and the Chimi's and... oh hell, I like it all.  The food is great, the service is good and the atmosphere is pleasant.  The chips keep coming and the salsa is delicious.  Olivia has created an icon.
4	My Garcia's experience consisted of a red beef tamale and a fried ice cream.  And best of all, I decided to order them both at the same time and eat them both for my lunch.  The tamale was so so, but I really did enjoy the fried ice cream as the ice cream did not melt too much and it was covered with strawberries and syrup.  And it was coated in a delicious granola/corn flake batter...never had anything like that in Cali.
4	What the shell?! I never reviewed this place?! I have been going to Garcia's ever since I was a kid. My grandmother loved this place back when it was just a small hole in the wall south of mcdowell off of 35th ave... since my grandmother's day - it moved north to new digs a lil north of mcdowell.Infact, my dad worked on constructing their current digs. So yeah, me and Garcia's go waaay back! haha!! Everytime I enter into their adobe lookin' house into their old world styled living room type waiting area. it's nice and antique but it could use a revamping. It's looked like this since I could remember! I am greeted by a 'round the way girl some Carl Hayden graduate who says hello and leads you into one of their many dining areas. The large dining area has a raised celings and open spaces and have large murals depicting different places in Mexico and these wooden tables and huge leather chairs. Now I love the chairs... but they eaither need to be tighten their screws or get new ones because their chairs get more and more wobbly with each visit. I'm afraid I'm going to brake one one of these days! The service is a two prong attack. There's a server/waiter who takes your order and brings you your first round of drinks and then will bring your food and your check... but then there's bus boys who will refill your drinks, salsa and chips and will bring you extra napkins and the smaller things you may need. I personally like this, because sometimes it can be tough getting our servers's attention because they can get pretty busy. Utilizing their bussers means that I never go long without being asked if I need something. YAY!! However, I usually tip a lil extra to cover the busser's share and sometimes if the busser is crazy cool (one of them snuck me a free bag of chips & salsa once!) then I sometimes tip them seperately. I grew up dining on their tacos and I must admit - I don't really care for them. BOO!  But their rice and flautas are pretty good. but NOTHING tops their salsa & soup. Their salsa is so clean fresh and cool flavor. it's nice and mild but sooo flavorful! I love it! :) The soup is the showboat of this resturant in my eyes. I feel if you go... you MUST try their caldo! I have yet to try their menudo as I always forget about it whenever I'm there during the weekend. I am in LOVE with their Caldo... it's pretty much veggie beef stew. It's wonderfully not as thick as other stews, huge pieces of potato with zuccinini, corn, green beans, carrots, onion, celery and cabbage. Only rez'd out grandma's make it better! Please give it a try!!Other dishes I dug there was the Pollo Fundido, miniature sampler and fajitas. I had their carnitas and wasn't that impressed with them. But the Minature sampler is where it's at! I loves it and the white sour creamtype sauce that comes with it. :) Over all, I'm glad I have this resturant in my family's history. It's actually quite good. It's not too far from my house and it's my mom's favorite place. I just can't dig their tacos and their beans always need salt. Meh. The service is decent but it can be a pain to get parking. The place needs to be redecorated and revamped a lil. It's one of my regular haunts and i always leave happy and full of chips, salsa and caldo! To my yelpers: if you decide to go... PLEASE try the caldo, it's really the best thing ever! and enjoy your salsa and don't have high expectations of the beans but the rice will be awesome! Oh and don't be afraid to ask the busser for anything!! just be careful to tip a lil extra if you do utilize the bussers' services! :)
4	im rating this on my history of going here when i grew up in phx, not on the dish i had tonight. the dish was good but it wasnt what i expected. my dad let me try his dish and i wish i ordered it. I cant remember the names though.
4	The food was very good and the service was prompt. I had the beef fajitas, rice, beans and corn tortillas. Everything was fresh  and tasty. the corn tortillas were my favorite they were thick and had lots of texture. I would go back anytime.
4	I liked this restaurant VERY much. This is where I watched USC beat ASU for the Pac 10 championship of 2009!  And with ASU fans in the house!They have a DAILY happy hour!!  Draft Bud Lights are like 2 freakin dollars! And all their appetizers (nachos, jalapeno poppers, etc) are all half-off. We got the nachos, and BOY were they loaded!!!  Ground beef, cheese, jalapenos, guacamole, sour cream, tomatoes... mmmm!!  So we were like 3 of 5 people who were there on a Saturday afternoon at 3 p.m. but around 5ish more people started filling in. They also have this live band set-up but they weren't on when we were there. So it's a great spot to be to watch a game (oh they also have soccer via satellite) and have a couple beers.
4	My grandmother worked here like a hundred years ago before it moved to the current location on 35th Ave. So...I have been eating here since the beginning of time, which was, of course, the day i was born.  The food is always good.  I love love the salsa.  The hot sauce is not my favorite but whatev.  If you do not speak spanish you might also have trouble with the staff and sometimes they are not the friendliest but thats ok with me becuase the food is always good. : )
5	Had a excellent time here, we had the steak picado, shredded beef taco's, and cheese enchiladas! Food was the best, and will make a point to come back when ever we are in town. Great and friendly service!
5	Garcias - la la la la la la la!my sister sang this as we pulled in to the parking lot. Apparently it was from an old TV jingle from the early 90's. No, I don't remember the jingle nor do I know if it was for this particular Garcias.I love the red salsa that is made here and what I really love is that they refill it with a pitcher! Yes more please! This is not to say that the food is bland but rather that I like a little bit of chip with my salsa to give some perspeive.Amazing Guac, I found an entire quarter of an avacado in mine. Rellenos are to die for, none of the thickly battered over fried ones of the bay area. Nice light egg coating and a little bit of cheese. I love their red sauce on enchiladas too.So yes, I ate a bite from everyone's plate here and was seriously satisfied. The only bummer is that I was on my way to the airport so I didn't get to keep my leftovers. But, my mom is going to have tasty dinner tonight! la la la la la la la la!
1	We went here a few weeks ago. The service was not good, the food was not good and the salsa had so much salt you could not taste anything but salt. I will not be going back.
5	This has to be one of the most authentic Mexican cuisine I have had in a long time.  This Garcias is kind of in a ghetto area, so if you drive a BMW like myself, I would do a quick take out and leave the area.  I went in my friend's pickup truck, so we were safe from damage.  Regardless of the location, I felt very warming inside the restaurant.  I feel a very old pueblo atmosphere inside the restaurant.  The waitress explained the slow meat cooking preparation process of some of their dishes, and explanations made my mouth water.  I make a lot of determination of Mexican restaurants by the flavor and spice level of the salsa, and its to die for!  I got chicken enchiladas and my friend got a red chili burro.  To complement my meal, I had a strawberry daquiri-like margarita.  I felt like I was in heaven!
5	When I first came to town in 93 the Realtor showing me commercial rentals took me here for lunch.  And I got a bit of a history lesson of Southwest Phoenix.  I got part of the story about Garcia's becoming a chain and being sold and this one location being bought back.  As he used to own a home where Maryvale High School is I also got a history lesson on John F. Long (whom I later met as a customer) and the build up of the Maryvale neighborhood just to the West of here.I enjoyed that meal.  Since then I have taken business acquaintances, relatives, dates and friends here.  I have yet to have anyone complain.  It's not so spicy as to turn people off.  The thin chips are always served warm.  They used to serve two salsas, now they only serve the mild except on request.  The food is consistent every time.  The only thing I have ever had I wasn't enamored with was the margarita I once had.  The service is always great except it is consistently hard to get the bill.  They can handle several 10-20 party groups at a time.  During dinner hours they quite often have strolling musicians.This last time I stopped in for lunch and got the chimichunga lunch special for $8.00 which came with rice and beans and chips and salsa.  I was stuffed.  The food came quickly and was just as I expected.  When I got there about 11:15 there were still plenty of parking spaces, by the time I left at 12:00 the parking lot was packed.I don't hardly ever give 5 stars and I am pretty sure I wouldn't on a one time visit here but how else can you rate a place you are willing to drive from wherever in the Valley for and not be worried about whether anybody with you will like it.
2	average food and service in my opinion.  I eat mexican food regularly, in So Calif. and this is not exceptional.
5	This is it. When it comes to rating great Mexican restaurants, this is the one I use as a measuring stick. The food is outstanding, the menu extensive, the atmosphere festive and the service more like eating at a friend's home than a large restaurant. I recommend everything, but have a particular fondness for their tamales. Whenever I am in Phoenix, whether for business or pleasure, it's a sure bet I'll eat at least once at The Original Garcia's. All my friends who live there love it, and friends and family who I've taken there do, too.
4	Today at work we decided to order Mexican food for lunch.  Someone had mentioned Garcia's, and they also mentioned the "best" Garcia's.  I thought to myself, if you are talking about the Garcia's at Metro Center Mall or near Arrowhead YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!  If this is what you consider to be the "BEST" Garcia's than you are FAR out of line...Somehow, I knew something was different as soon as I looked at the menu.  First, THE PRICES ARE NOT NEARLY AS EXPENSIVE AS THE CHAIN!!!!  I was pleasantly surprised at the cost of the combination plates.  Second, the menu stated THE ORIGINAL GARCIA'S.  Original I thought?  Hmm...something definitely was different.  Last, I found out it was located on 35th Ave and Encanto.  I knew immediately I was in for a different treat.I placed my order, chicken flauta with rice and beans for $6.75.  Didn't expect much but was surprised when the meal arrived.  Observation One: HOLY SALSA.  I am NOT messing around!  They gave me two large salsa containers (one hot, one more pico) for my to go order.  SCORE!  But hey, where are the chips?Observation Two:  HOLY GUACAMOLE!  Literally!  This stuff wasn't watered down with sour cream.  It didn't have an odd brown color from being too old.  It was super fresh, super delicious, and super avacado-ey.  AND, my flauta was covered in it!Observation Three:  The flauta was fried to a perfect consistency.  The chicken was not dry, and the flauta was of a reasonable size.  The rice and beans were delicious and mildy flavored.  I added extra salsa to them to kick it up a notch.After I ate the food I decided to go online and do a little bit of research about them.  Come to find out, the shady and lame flavors of the Garcia's I was accustomed to were from their sold brand...I now know about the authenticity of this location!In either case, give it a try.  Delicious flavors for an affordable price!
3	This place is...... ok. The enchilada sauce is pretty nasty if I am being honest. I don't ever want to come to Garcia's, but if the rest of the lunch bunch does I only order tostadas. Stay away from anything with that enchilada sauce..... trust me. The staff is friendly and its a pretty quick lunch. If you are with a large group keep your eyes open when they bring the drinks! I have seen a co-worker or two wear their drink home! lol
3	I had high hopes for the the famed "Original Garcia's"... perhaps my hopes were too high. I walked in and felt comfortable. The decor was just beautiful, and the service was absolutely wonderful. Each attentive employee that I interacted with made me feel like a guest.Things however took a terrible turn when I received my food. I ordered one of my favorites, Red Menudo with flour tortillas. The tortillas were not fresh, they tasted like the thick grocery store shelved tortillas that I try to avoid. The menudo meat was disappointing as well. It had not been cut well, and my bowl had a couple of VERY large chucks of fatty meat. Sadly, the food did not live up to all that I had heard...
5	What? Only a 4 star average for this place? And only 27 reviews? Come on Phoenix!I admit, If all I care about is the food, I'm heading to Carolina's.However- you can't really relax at Carolina's. No one waits on you, no matter how transcendant the food is you're always hearing someone yell "Number 27!" "Number 28!". God help you if it's summer.Garcia's, although still in the ghetto, is somewhere you can go, relax, be waited on, enjoy free chips and salsa before the meal, and enjoy a pleasant conversation friendly environment. As for the food- I've never had a bad meal here. The rice is the best in the city. It's really moist without being wet, there are chunks of real tomatoes in it. They have dishes that you can't get just everywhere like fish dishes and my favorite, chili con carne- very similar to how my mom makes it, but they have a green version as well as a red version.  I've taken my boss from out of town here, dates... (well, escorts.. same thing...), and friends here (again... escorts, but...  )  and everyone of them were like in a happy daze afterwards. Blissed out like heroin junkies.. I think two of them were on heroin.. but still it's really really good food. I love you Garcias Las Avenidas! Only 2 more months till my 1 year ban is lifted!(you all know I kid.. right?)
4	I have been going to this restaurant for at least 20 years now.  I love the decor, so do the out of town visitors, and it is very clean.  I love the salsas, hot and mild, as well as their chips.  We have ordered the bean dip for appetizer and it was very flavorful.  My favorites here are the green chili (burro or other) and chili relleno.  For lunch, the prices are great and the orders come out very quickly. The only complaint is that sometimes they don't have bussers on staff to refill your drinks so you might be left thirsty.  Other than that, it's a great hangout.
4	They call themselves the Original because they have nothing to do with the gross-o chain Garcias.  It's so good.  I work in the southwest valley, so I have endless choices for Mexican food.  This is the only Mexican restaurant I'll eat at in my area.  In fact, whenever the boss man comes out to work with me, it's the only place he'll eat at too. He eats healthy and I do too, well on weekdays.  There are a few options on the menu that won't weigh you down the rest of the day.  Dishes with fish, black beans, chicken breasts, spinach, etc, made with delicious Mexican flavors.  Ofcourse there are the weigh downs as well.  Looove the chimichanga.  It's huge and cozy inside and don't let the area scare you.  It's on the main road and you're safe if you're there during operating hours.
5	Well, Since the last review. We have moved to the Phoenix area. And we come here often! Nothing has changed, food is one of the best in the area. There are others that are just as good, but this place impresses us every time we go.
5	Excellent Mexican food, wait staff is knowledgable about dishes and refills drinks and chips/salsa
3	The food was good, but our server was awful and rudeI went with my family there were 8 of us. The server just knew he was going to add the tips to our bill. But I would have still like to be serve . Our bus girl did more then him. He was very rude to her too like he owned her.We would go back but just ask for another server.
5	Some of the best Mexican food in AZ, hands down.  This place is right at the top of the list of best Mexican I have ever had.  Unfortunately, I do not live very close to this location.  I came here once while in the area for work.  I was super impressed.  If you have a chance to try The Original Garcia's you won't be disappointed.  I can't believe this place doesn't have 100's of reviews on Yelp!  Help spread the word.
3	I was excited to try this place due to the reviews. I left disappointed feeling the experience was a bit above average, at best. It started off well with a tasty appetizer sampler and flavorful salsa with chips but it quickly went downhill when the entree arrived. The carnitas I ordered were dry, obviously not very fresh. The sauce had a nice unique flavor, very mole-esque but I did not enjoy it due to the shoe leather meat. The corn tortillas that came with the carnitas were borderline brittle, not moist and soft as they should be. The beans and rice were good and my wife raved about the flan. I opted to pass on dessert. The ambiance was very inviting and put together with the standard Mexican restaurant decor. Everything considered, I don't think I will back. There are plenty of Mexican restaurants much closer to me where the food is at least equal to or better than The Original Garcia's.
4	I love Mexican food and love this place! =) This was my first time visiting the restaurant after discussing where to eat, our fiend finally suggested this one and so we went..It was quite a drive from the east side of town but we were not disappointed. The place looks very inviting that it reminded me of the movie Mask of Zorro and A Walk in the Clouds where they have those mansions with yellow paint with wall murals and nice potteries, it made me smile right away. It just feels homey. Service is fast and good, a basket full of chips and small bowl of salsa were immediately served as you sit down. Our server that night was very helpful, accommodating and very nice. I ordered the Sonoran Enchilada dinner which is not your usual enchilada from other places. This one is served with rice and beans and the enchilada is done like a pancake, never had this before but it was sooo good! I ended bringing the rest of it home. The hubbie was craving for a some sort of bean dip so we got a side of the bean sauce they have..And boy! This was more than yummie!! Really delicious!! We finished the whole platter!! heehee Pricing is also very affordable with the big serving you get. This place is worth the drive! =)
5	I have been eating at Garcia's since I was a child.  The original is the BEST.
5	I moved to Arizona in 2004 and have been searching for this taste of Mexican food ever since.  Last night I finally found it!  I now have a spot to take guests where I know for sure everything and anything they order is going to be delicious and served by a great staff.  Also, the margaritas are some of the best I've tasted.  Many thanks to my new in-laws for introducing me.
4	Great place! I've been to this location twice now and I was completely satisfied both times. Great food ,friendly service all at a reasonable price. Added plus they have a to go building right across the street! So next time your in a hurry don't feel like you have to settle for some drive thru catastrophe.
5	It was confusing at first since there were two Garcia's at the same location. But it wasn't hard to figure out the sit-down one was the one without the drive-thru. Prices, portions, food, and service were great.
5	Love the chimis. Always take out of town guests here. Only down side is slow service during dinner but its worth it.
1	Had a bad experience... Found a chicken bone in my burrito, food took 45 minutes to come out, never saw our server, and it wasn't busy at all. There was no excuse for the terrible service and wait times, let alone the bone that I almost broke a tooth on. The atmosphere is kind of cool, but they could care less about you and it shows. We finally asked to speak with the manager (I have never done that before in my life), and she quasi apologized and informed us that she would discount our bill- When the bill arrived she deducted a whopping $4! That was less than the burrito cost with the chicken bone. This place must be kind of good because of all the positive reviews, but I would NEVER recommend going to this place.
3	Really solid lunch deals and pretty close to Tex-Mex which I still get cravings for from time to time. I had the spinach chicken enchiladas and they were nice. It was a ton of food (of course) so we definitely needed boxes for leftovers. If you're in the neighborhood, it's a solid deal and I'd stop in again. My only wish is that they did a green sauce with the spinach chicken enchiladas. That would be heaven.
4	Garcia's is a comfortable respite from all the cheesy Mexican food joints (probably a hundred or so) in the area.The decor, ambiance, and uniformed servers all give Garcia's a solid four stars. The food?It depends. Order one their signature items and you can't go wrong. Any of the combination lunch plates, chimis, or burritos...all good. On this day I ordered a bowl of red chile. It arrived lukewarm but I didn't care since I was hungry enough to eat the ass out a dead and rotting rhino. I inhaled it. Then proceeded to make my guests nervous as I sat and stared at the food on their plates. I'm guessing they liked their food too as they slowly did the hand-plate wraparound, overtly signaling how I should back the fuck off.No problem, I ate an entire basket of chips. And when I finished them, they brought me another. I had three diet cokes, two baskets of chips and a bowl of red chile. I haven't a clue as to what any of it cost since one of the guys I went to lunch with is richer than God himself and I knew he'd pay. I know, it's fucked up for me to think like that, but I really didn't want to get into a pissing contest with him over a bowl of red chile and some free chips.  Not classy.Neither is throwing up in the parking lot for that matter.I think I have an ulcer. I really need to get it checked out.I hate my life.I wish I was a matador or something.
5	The best Mexican food I've ever had!! The salsa and chips are unlimited and amazing.  I always order the pollo fundido with a side of guacamole. The entrees come with a side of beans and rice.  I love coming here, because this is the original Garcias & not part of the chain restaurants.  The food never changes, always amazing, and comes out so fast.  I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes! (usually close to 10 min)
5	This review is for the drive thru part of the restaurant. The window girl was so nice and she was fun to talk to. I love nice people and I'm always so impressed by it in customer service because unfortunately it seems it's few and far between nowadays. More people should love their jobs and enjoy their customers it makes for a better day for everyone. I know because I have worked worth the public for 20 plus years. Anyways sorry for the rant, lol. She was awesome and made me want to come back. The food was good all we got was chips and fried ice cream but both were yummy as usual. The fried ice cream could have used a tad more honey but still good. Love this place and love that I live close and can get drive thru good that isn't fast food. Plus the prices are a tad lower than the actual restaurant.
4	In Phoenix this week with my wife & tried dinner @ Original Garcia's based on a food network recom. Ordered Carnitas, and tamales. Portions were large and tasty. The Carnitas were fully braised, with great flavor. Wife couldn't finish the 2 tamales. Great value, authentic taste. Service was prompt & courteous.
2	Was looking for a good Mexican Restaurant and based off the Yelp reviews thought we would try the Original Garcia's.First, we are seated and given chips and salsa and menus and are the only people in our area of the restaurant (it was only 4:00pm). As we sat there others were placed around us so there were about six tables full. A waiter comes out and starts taking everyone's order around us but not ours and we were the first ones there and now have been waiting about 15 minutes. I get upset but decide that he just didn't know the order we arrived and is confused so I wait. He disappears and doesn't show back up and everyone else has had their order taken but we still have not. I see the chip gal walking by and say "can you please get our waiter?" and she says "she is running late and isn't here yet". I'm like...what the hell are you talking about?  All of a sudden we see a woman in a Garcia's shirt come running by with her purse and goes into the back and puts it down and comes back to our table and says "sorry, I was running late". Are you kidding me? They sat me in a section and the waitress wasn't at work yet and let us sit there for 30 minutes getting pissed off and didn't take our order?Was also disappointed in the meal as there wasn't much flavor in any dish we had and would not drive the 40 minutes again to get to this place. The salsa had no spice to it and was very unimpressed with the entire meal.To make it worse I get out in the parking lot and some idiot has his car parked two inches from the drivers side door of my car which I don't know how he did without hitting my car. I had to enter my car through the passenger side and so much wanted to find the guy and curse him out for being an idiot but thought better of it when I remembered what neighborhood I was in.There are better Mexican Restaurants closer to home and certainly wouldn't travel all the way to Maryvale again just to eat here.
2	We have been going to Garcia's for years and have never been disappointed. Well tonight I was. Took server 10 mins to get our drink order we of course ordered our food at the sometime as drinks. When the food came out it was cold my order was wrong they offered to fix it but I was not looking to wait any longer to eat. When I picked up my taco it was so soggy it fell apart .My husbands food was cold also we just don't beleive in wasting food Never did see our waitress but the chip and salsa lady was on top of her job. It was not that busy so I just couldn't understand what the problem was. Garcia's is one of my favorite places and we travel about 30 miles to go. I won't be going back for awhile. : (
4	As good as it gets. My family and I have been coming here for over 20 years, and will still be coming here for years to come. This restaurant sets itself off from the "chain". Thank god it's not owned by the chain. The food here is true to hispanic culture, and very delicious. The service is fantastic, and friendly.  However, the servers need to step it up a notch and get the food out faster. Will always be a fan.
5	love it
3	Original Garcia's is decent, I think if my wife wasn't an A-list hispanic cook, I would probably rate it higher if comparing to a Chevy's or whatever, but it's average.   You don't see a lot of high-difficulty stuff on the menu, and it's pretty much a different combination of beans, rice, tortilla and your choice of meat. I did try the taco salad one afternoon and it was fairly decent.   If in this part of Phoenix though, it's really the only option - not much to pick from around there.
5	I love this place. Whenever I want good mexican food and am around this side of town we always go there. I have been going there since I was a kid and not a lot has changed....but why change a good thing?
4	Had a great super quick lunch in the main restaurant! Service was great everyone really friendly and food order was out to the table so fast I was amazed. My cheese enchilada was excellent. The decor is dated just like I remember when I was a kid but that's what makes it the Original. Its a keeper.
3	Despite being founded oh so many moons ago and being one of the older continuously-operating restautants in town, Garcias las Avenidas does little to distinguish itself from the local chain that shares its name. The food is typical gringo Sonoran style. That in itself isn't a complaint. Sometimes a girl just wants a taco and an enchilada, and the original Garcia's provides that just fine. They also provide good service, though on occasion it's also slow service, particularly after the meal when we'd like to get the check and get out. And most recently they also provide loud, obnoxious kids that crawl over people's tables, throw food, and climb walls. Seriously. I was hoping someone would stop this one kid from using a retaining wall as a balance beam before he fell and hurt himself, but then when nobody did I was almost hoping he'd fall so his oblivious family would leave. I don't expect a business to watch other people's kids but I do expect them to say something when a kid (or an adult for that matter) is disrupting the meals of every other customer in the place. And this sort of circus is happening at Garcia's with greater frequency. Still, they provide a better Meximerican meal than Macayo's, Manuel's or Arriba, so they stay on my OK list for now.
5	So I am moving to D.C. in couple weeks so I had a bucket list of all of these types of food to have out or/and make at home. One of them was to have authentic Mexican food that you cannot get anywhere, particularly D.C. So we did a lot of research because all of the places we used to go to when I was a kid are either out of business or just not good anymore. We saw that this place had great reviews and people have recommended to us that we try this place out. We came here on a Friday night around 6:40. We only had to wait 10 minutes which is awesome. We decided to get a margarita and couple beers while we waited. The minute we got our drinks, our table was ready. My mom said she wanted a glass for her beer since she had a lime in her bottle, but it took them 10 minutes to get her a glass for the beer. It still did not kill my rating of this place because the meal itself made up for it. Even though there was a long delay like 35 minutes from the kitchen from when we had the most delicious cheese crisp to our dinner. We savored every bite of our meal. The tamales, especially the green corn tamale was outstanding, beef tacos were out of the world, chicken enchilada was hot and steamy, beans were full of flavor and reminded me of my old childhood days.The only con from this was the service and the bathroom. The bathroom strangely was really messy in terms of toilet paper and paper towels all over so I'd recommend that getting cleaned more often so people dont walk out with things on the bottom of their feet!
1	NOT a fan...anymore!
2	Blah guacamole.  Beans were good.  Taco very greasy.  Enchilada quite greasy.  Don't even want to think about the fat content of my meal.  Yes I know Mexican food for the most part is fatty but this was excessively so.  Service OK.  Food came out quickly.  I've certainly had better Mexican food especially considering we drove almost an hour to get there.  Loved the decor!  Good lunch specials.  Parking lot really crowded.
5	We were recently in Scottsdale on business and stayed at LaQuinta nearby and had dinner at Garcia's. It is within walking distance of the hotel. It was just delicious in all respects. Both nights (different wait staff) we had great service and delicious meals. Everything was fresh and nicely presented too.  The place was lively with dates, couples, families, seniors. Nice mix. We had the enchiladas one night and tamales and tacos another.  Beer and house margs. Would go out of the way next time we are in Scottsdale just to eat here again.  Great job in all respects!
5	This is my favorite restaurant. I've eaten here for 40 years at its different locations on 35th Ave. The restaurant is ok, but chaotic at times. If you go at a busy time, you can wait 20 minutes. The best, however, is the takeout building. Cheaper prices, and quicker service. I love the #9 green burro special. I don't like the tostada, so just get another beef taco, which is great. I love their hot sauce. Get the eat in chips special. Drive through times can be a bit slow. So, you may wait 5 or more minutes. The fried ice cream is really good. Do not confuse this location with the chain versions. Different worlds.
1	I lived in Phoenix for years and returned to be extremely disappointed with both the service and quality. Took 30 minutes to get my food on a slow night, plus the waiter gave our food to another table. All in all, no longer a fan here.
4	Pretty good food. Recommended. This is one of my wife's favorite Mexican places. I don't think it's too pricy either. Worth the drive. Good salsa. Fresh.
4	A great place for mexican food. First clue is you actually see mexican people eating there and not just in the kitchen working. We love getting the Jimmy fries as an appetizer, I highly recommend them! I usually order the carne asada taco plate. Super delicious, but you have to ask for limes on the side as they don't come with. They serve them with rice, beans and guacamole. All are awesome but the rice. I'm not a big fan of it, there lies their inconsistency. It's under flavored or not cooked all the way through most times. The service varies depending on the waiter. There's a waiter there who can ruin your dining experience with his rudeness and lack of urgency when you request anything. If you get Miguel what an amazing individual on the ball through your entire exprience. Also, if you ever have a party or function where you must bring food I definitely recommend ordering the Botana Platter. They usually only need about 1 hour to make it. It has small portions of their shredded beef tacos, chimichangas, rolled tacos, a bowl of beans in the middle and a huge bag with chips and salsa. So BOMB! Get the hot salsa and mix it with the regular sooooooo freaking good.  They also have banquet rooms if you have a big group.
5	I go here almost weekly for lunch with co-workers. It's everything you want in a Mexican restaurant: bottomless fresh chips and salsa before your food comes, enormous portions of delicious Mexican dishes, and a very attentive and polite staff. I've tried every lunch special on the menu and they will all leave you satisfies and ready for a siesta.
2	I am just not a fan. One time we ordered food for a staff party and many staff members got sick. I have eaten here several times before over the years and before Yelping became standard and once again last week for our, "last day of school eat out tradition."  While I can't say anything bad about the service the food is just not very good. I do have to say the Gaucamole I ordered was really nasty.I know, I know I am picky about Mexican food but I wanted to eat with my "Peeps." However, I will probably not eat here ever again. Another thing that keeps going around in my mind is that I worked at a Garcia's when I first graduated college and I was treated very poorly.
5	Mexican food at it's peak. This beautiful restaurant is gorgeous, authentic, and a true Phoenix gem. There is no compromise here, a Mexican food oasis. Fives stars for the original :-)
5	this place is home to me. my family has been celbrating special occasions at this place for as long as i can remember the magaritas are great and they keep em coming... the cilantro cream cheese  served with their mini combination plate is what keeps me coming back and the green chile tamales YUM!!!
4	I was impressed with the building both inside and out with its nice decor.  We were seated promptly and our waitress was over with menus and took our drink order immediately (and it was relatively busy).  I ordered the spinach enchilada while my wife went with the cheese enchiladas.  The chips were good but the salsa lacked any kick at all but I did like the way they had the salsa in a pitcher and just came around and poured you more when they saw you running low.  The meal was very good and I very rarely eat the rice as I just don't care for it but the rice was very flavorful so that was a nice surprise.  The service though was excellent as they refilled our drinks before we had to ask and were there for the extra napkins I asked for, etc. Often, you order, you get your order and maybe once during your meal you will see your waitress but here, they were very attentive.  I took the one star off for the lack of 'pep' in the salsa although it was good just needed at least a little kick!
4	The hotel staff at Comfort Inn recommended Garcias. This restaurant is very large.There's so much space. Very comfortable. The decor is eye catching. It makes you want to wonder and browse! The food portions are very large. The chips are salsas are good: they have two different ones. I had chicken enchiladas & I thought they were very good. I will definitely come back here the next time I am in Phoenix.
5	Need hotter sauce, but otherwise can't complain! Came here with my parents for my first time in Phoenix. It was mid-afternoon, not to crowded, and we were seated quickly. The waitress was very amiable and took our orders with ease. everything came out quickly, and it was all delicious! I got a chimichanga, and my parents both ordered burritos. Would definitely recommend and plan to return!
4	Being a native of Phoenix, I buy/cook mexican food at least once or twice week. This Saturday after a movie at the Esplanade, I drove into the Garcias drive-thru to get some early dinner. I always order a green burro, enchilada style with rice and beans.The wait was very reasonable compared to other take-out wait times. I felt like $8.89 was a bit more than what I usually pay, but no real complaint there either. The food was piping hot and delicious. I wish I would have specified green enchilada sauce but the red sauce was very good. I can tell the reheat is going to HIT later on (excited). I don't have anything bad to say about this place as it was recommended to me by one of my coworkers. I am from South Phoenix, so my favorites are Carolinas and Ritos, and sometimes Ponchos (on central). I am not familiar with any Westside mexican food so I'm so happy I get to add the OG Garcias to the list.
5	Before today, the very last time I came here was in 2008. I went with my best friend when school was over at Carl Hayden High School which is just down the street. I wasn't very pleased. An item we ordered was forgotten, the lady gave us the bill RIGHT after she gave us our food which I thought was quite tacky since I want to stuff my face first, then see the bill and pay. The food wasn't very hot and fresh. Decided I was to take my business elsewhere and Arriba Mexican Grill became our new go to place for a long time until they started serving food that was borderline frozen and hiring people who don't care. Well, for my Mom's birthday today she decided she wanted to go to this location. I have to say I was quite pleased with the food and service. I ordered the #2 dinner special which is a beef enchilada, beef taco, a tostada and beans and rice. It was so hot and delicious. Portions were very generous. Our server/waitress Christy was very nice and made sure we were all taken care of. Unlike the Garcia's that is somewhere near Metro Center, this place actually cranks up the air conditioning to ensure comport from the hot weather. I can say we are definable going to come back soon. I was very pleased.
5	Awesome food! They ain't stingy with the food serving eaither! You won't regret eating here unless you don't like Mexican food
5	This is hands down the best Mexican restaurant I have eaten at in Arizona.  After our dining experience here I will only eat here. Their service,the atmosphere, and the food was wonderful.
4	This place is really good and tastes better than the Garcias chain restaurants. My department comes here to eat every year after we volunteer at St. Mary's food bank and this place has great service, they're fast at bringing out the food, everything is pretty tasty and overall a good Mexican restaurant.
2	The pros: great looking place, feels like you aren't in Phoenix. Family rags-to-riches story is a great plus. The cons: inattentive waiter. Waited 20 minutes to be even greeted by a waiter, had to grab the support staff to flag someone down. When he finally showed up, he was underwhelming in service. Saw him three times the whole evening, and he left part of the order in the kitchen, we had to flag someone down to get the rest of it. Abondigas soup was lukewarm at best (been eating this here for years.) The food steadily has taken a dive over the past few years. Doesn't live up to the standards I've come to expect from the original restaurant. Really disappointed. Don't plan to visit again in the future.
4	So so Yummy!  Best spinach con queso ever....tamales are excellent too!
3	3.5 StarsThe Original Garcia's should not be confused with the other Garcia's.  The interior of The Original Garcia's is much more central castings for a Mexican restaurant the the others, not to mention that this place totally reminds me of the movie Three Amigos! This visit was with several of my coworkers who have different varieties of Mexican food tastes.  You will find everything between your hamburger to a Mexi-American meal with your melted American cheese(bam that's Mexican to some) to some close to authentic meals.  This mix of meals made everyone in my group happy.   I had the green corn tamales plate that comes with rice and beans.  This interpretation of the tamales was way filling and tasted OK.  The server attended our table sufficiently to check on us and to refill drinks. This place should be experienced at least once and is best for out of town guest along with peeps that are not ready for a truly authentic meal and experience.They also have a separate building for takeout orders with a drive-thru.  You will find some tables for more of a fast food experience.
2	The salsa was fresh and quite good. We came on a Sunday night and it was packed! We decided to try another Mexican restaurant after trying Rita's. We went to Rita's because it was not a chain. After reading the reviews, we decided to try Garcia's. We decided to sit in the bar area to avoid the wait. As large as the bar area was, I was surprised to find one bartender taking care of everyone. The restaurant is pretty big so I would think that they'd be used to having a full house, considering there aren't many other choices in the area! All we kept  hearing was how busy they were from the employees! I have to say the drinks were pretty stiff (thus the 2 star rating)! I should have known not to order any appetizers because I was afraid they would be served with the entrees. Well I was right! Needless to say I wasn't hungry anymore after two baskets of chips and salsa! I ordered the burro ranchero, expecting pork since it was served with verde sauce. The meat was beef, and it was chewy and tough (damn, two nights in a row)! We also had the mini appetizer platter with taquitos, tacos, and chimis...all beef. My friend doesn't eat beef so that was a waste. The menu didn't specify what kind of "minis" they were. He also had spinach enchilada platter with chicken. He compared it to cream of spinach soup. I took a to go box only to end up dumping the food when I got back to my hotel. Another disappointing Mexican food experience in Phoenix! The drinks were bomb! Couldn't even finish my margarita azul!
4	This place was very good.  I went here after getting referred to it by a client. The parking lot was full at lunch so I assumed there would be a big wait but there was no wait at all. The interiors are very well decorated. Our food was brought out very quickly and everything was quite tasty.
5	Grew up this spot!!! Everytime my childhood buddy comes in from NY we all get together here. Food is amazing !!! Came here last week for my birthday with a party of 18 and the waitress was on top of everything. This is the only Garcias that we go to as this one is still family owned and not Franchised as the others.
1	I had the Pollo fundido ... The chicken dry as the desert sand and had a similar texture. The beans were nasty and the rice way over cooked and mushy. This was a sad state of affairs..
3	I figured this would be just like any other Garcia's restaurant, but it's not, it's much better.  The food isn't what I would consider great, but pretty good.  I don't live anywhere near this location, but if I am in the area again, I will stop in for some lunch.Oh, and I love that they actually have an American Flag flying in their dining room!!!
3	If anyone remembers the original Garcia's that was South of McDowell next to the Ace Hardware,  and Southwest Supermarkets, will agree.  The food was much better then.  They maintained those standards in the new restaurant up until Julio died.  After that,  steadily it's been on the decline.  It's good by today's standards but,  nothing like it use to be
2	Not as great as expected, moderate service. What threw us really off, is when the check came with a wrong charge on it and we pointed it out to the waitress, she already knew it was on there, but gave us the wrong check anyway?
4	Very tasty and well priced for Mexican food! I had the combination appetizer which came with tamales, beef tacos, taquitos, chimi's with a side of beans. The tamales tasted deliciously with the spicy salsa which is the perfect mix of chunky and spice. I wasn't very fond of the tacos and taquitos but the chimi's and tamales made up for it. This will definitely be my 1st choice when it comes to Mexican food.
1	I used to come here with my dad all the time. However today our experience was not so pleasant. I do not appreciate your hostess rudely greeting not my father or myself but my knee to your restaurant this evening. Said hostess asked if I had a cut while I walked into your faculty and I replied with I just had surgery. She proceeded to stare at me as if I had twelve faces or was the ghost of Christmas past. We were seated and A woman rudely placed our chips and salsa down and asked if we were leaving.  Our server came and took our orders and was far from friendly. Our food came and the chimi platter I ordered was bland and my father's meal was atrocious looking. The meat was so runny, the rice was overly cooked and the beans were even mushier than the runny so called meat.  After we finished our less than perfect meals the same hostess whipped her head around the bar as if she were an owl to say her goodbyes to my leg. I quickly responded to her with the following statement " did you get a close enough look or would you like to take a picture?" She reponded with a " I was trying to say goodbye." She also gave me one of the least sincere apologies I've ever heard. I've never felt so belittled by someone who didn't even speak and it would serve your restaurant right to teach your hostess some manners and proper authentic Mexican cooking skills you claim to have. Thanks. Regards. Kathryn Mindlin. I give you a -4 star rating.
3	Fast service and literally portions so big you shouldn't be allowed to eat it. I've been there 5 or 6 times and have had something different each time and it's always pretty good. Awesome, amazing, 5 star salsa. I wish that was my meal.
5	The best Mexican restaurant in the valley!We always ask for Omar to serve us. Great service!
5	Best ground beef enchiladas in the valley.  The red sauce is to die for and they are not affiliated with the chain Garcia's so no disgusting food drowning in oil here.  I have been coming here since the 90's and sometimes drive out of my way from Tempe to get their enchiladas.  They also have another building on the same property that has a drive through serving the same food as the restaurant.
5	Wow - I come here at least once a month and usually order a pollo fundido but last night I ordered the shrimp tacos and they were AMAZING!! I will totally order them again!!
5	We loved it! The food was delicious,the service was wonderful,very patient waiter.Next time we will ask to be seated away from a large family party,so that room was very loud,but that was something we should have asked for in the beginning. I cannot wait to eat there again.Oh yeah,the portions are so big,we split meals.Good thing,there are 7 of us,so it turned out to be reasonably priced. Loved the feel of Mexico there.
3	A great restaurant with fun decor, perfect for families, birthdays, or getting together with friends. It's a huge restaurant and they can accommodate large parties. There's also a large bar separate from the rest of the restaurant. The menu is full of typical Mexican restaurant offerings and the portions are large, just as you would expect. Unfortunately, there aren't many true traditional/authentic Mexican offerings on the menu...it's mostly Americanized. Still, it's great quality food and service. I'd recommend it.
1	I have been to this Garcias on several occassions, and each time the quality and service gets worse and worse. In general, they serve "cheap", large-portioned, Americanized versions of  Mexican food that are swimming in a pool of oil from the loads of cheese and fryer oil that has been dumped on. If not oil, then everything else is wet from a sauce of some kind from being added on (e.g, enchilada red sauce).We visited on 9/26/14 at 7 pm with a group of 12 who had made prior reservations. We were seated in the furthest most corner, next to a group of 40, and a second group of more than 20. The noise level was deafening. We were given one glass of water each, two baskets of chips for the tables, and were made to share salsa out of a 2 oz plastic condiment cup for each 2 people. Twice we had asked to put in a drink order for margaritas and daquaris. The first time the waitress forgot, and the second time, the waitress got the orders mixed up. The bussers were not able to take drink orders because they were under 18 and could not handle alcohol. After the hour, we had our water glasses refilled for what would be the only time of the evening, and then our orders were taken. Fourty minutes later, the staff dumped the food on the table, then quickly left. The chicken enchilada was served as a beef enchilada, which had a strange texture to it, and the cheese enchilada was served as a chicken enchilada. Excuse after excuse was made for the slow service. "It was a slow night so we sent staff home early", which makes absolutely no sense, unless a group of 40 shows up with no prior notice..and then followed by a group of 20. This restaurant was well aware of their capacity levels and are not able to service all the seats they have inside.When the checks finally came, we had to wait 20 minutes before they were paid, because no one would pick them up. I had to get up and flag down the manager Gloria, who gave the same lame excuses  - although she made no apologies or attempt to make up for any inconvenience we had. My complaints were quickly shrugged off, and I could feel her uncaring attitude and desire to just have us pay and leave.These people treat their customers like this because they can -- they serve low-quality food in bulk to people who have no expectation of service. If someone does complain, they can make up for it in quantity with other guests coming in. I would suggest you save yourself the headache, and go for somewhere more authentic --- like a Filibertos. This place is just down right horrid. Stay away.
5	For the reader, please be aware that there are the "corporate" Garcia's which is BLAH!, and then there's this place, The Original Garcia's, which is AWESOME!I've been coming to this place almost 25 years, and I've tried most of the items on the menu over the years.  I've never had a bad meal, and in fact I use the original Garcia's as my gold standard for other Mexican food. This place has both the main restaurant, and a separate  take out/drive thru/sit down building.  If you want a more formal setting, go tot he main restaurant, but if you want a quick sit down place, or get the food to go, you have that option.  Personally, I go through the take out most of the time, because its all the same food, which is all the same level of AWESOME!   Go there, and your tummy will thank you for it!
2	Went here today, we're on way to Rita's Mexican restaurant just down street and my husband saw Garcias and wanted to go there instead. BIG MISTAKE. Food was awful...Fatitas tasted liked boiled steak, onions and bell peppers were so overlooked they were mush, and a disgusting taste like really old oil. The retried beans were the only thing halfway tasty!  Rice was also mush and the guacamole was runny...hate to think what they add to that to increase their profit.  on the way home had horrible taste in mouth, had to brush teeth .nasty food and fear the kitchen is probably dirty....NEVER AGAIN...worst Mexican food I've ever had anywhere!
5	All I have to say is chips, bean dip, and salsa! These and a Dr. Pepper make me the happiest girl in the United States. Service is iffy, but I don't even care... The food is terrific!
5	When my family visits from Oregon, they always make their airline reservations at a time to coincide with lunch or dinner at Garcia's.  That's how much we love their food.
1	Food is average. I'm a big fan of chips and salsa when it comes to Mexican restaurants. This place does not cut it. I've eaten here about 4 times and it's not for me. I'd rather eat at La Canasta now that's good authentic Mexican food.
1	I'm sure the food would be better if they had more professional employees. I used to be a regular, now I hardly step in. The best times were when Mike and Sherman ran the bar. Mike is one of the most professional, upbeat, positive employees that ever worked there. Recently things changed and the old miserable bartenders were back in place of Mike. I'm sorry but Ofelia is a bitter old miserable person and she is extremely rude and she is slow. Omar has no personality and is boring. Now I've been coming here a long time on a regular basis but over the last couple of months this place has deteriorated, the quality of the food is not what it used to be and more over just the public display of unprofessionalism of the staff. I witnessed two female employees argue and call each other a b*tch in the dining area. The employees openly talk bad about each other in front of customers. I was in the bar once and Ofelia referred to Sherman in a derogatory racial slur as he walked away from the bar area. I've never witnessed such unethical business practices in a dining establishment.  The majority of your staff is extremely unprofessional. Your restaurant wouldn't survive a day in the real corporate world with the level of unethical behavior that occurs there. I stopped by today and I asked to sit on my regular section with Mike, I was told by your hostess that Mike no longer worked there that he was fired. Not only should that information be confidential from a human resources perspective but the smile on your hostess face sealed my decision to not come to your establishment again. I turned around and left. I have hosted numerous business functions there and now I will be hosting them at other places. I think your staff needs a complete overhaul starting with your management. A business is only as good as the management hired to run it and I'm sorry to say you suck at it.
5	Great great food my whole family has eaten at Garcias for 30 years, it's always as good as the first timeDonPS don't read the discrumteled employees comments it's BS Don
1	Nasty disgusting food , whitewash Mexican yes real thing no way Salsa sucked , order enchilada style burrito bus was nasty.
5	The best chips and salsa!!  I love all their food. I recommend this place for anyone who wants a good Mexican food meal.
5	Do not mistake it for the chain. Its the only one we love. Green chile burro enchilada style, pollo fundido, chips and salsa. You will not go wrong. We drive 15 miles to eat here, and continue doing so!
