5	Called Joe to service our pool after another company failed to show up for 3 weeks.  Joe was about $50 cheaper than the first service and was easy to get a hold of when I had questions.  Recommended him to friends who are using him too!
5	Joe the owner at Pacific Blue Pools is honest, fair priced and reliable. He does my weekly maintenance on my pool. I have had a couple of problems with my pool filter and all I needed to do is make a phone call to Joe, and he comes over or instructs me on how to fix my problems. I would definitely recommend Pacific Blue Pools to anyone.
5	This review of Pacific Blue Pools is a easy one to write. If you are looking for a honest answer and fair price for your pool concerns, Joe is your man. I called up Joe with a list of things that were going on with my pool and he came right over to show me how to fix my list.  Joe gave me a great price and explained to me in detail whats was going on. Doesnt get much better than that, give Joe a chance and im sure you will go with Pacific Blue Pools!!!
5	I'm not sure why we had been using some of the local big name companies for pool equipment repair. I had a recent experience with one of the biggies not answering their customer service line at all (??) then failed to actually put my appointment on their schedule when I did finally get through. I decided I should look for a different kind of service. I consulted Yelp and called a couple small pool maintenance businesses. The first one did not answer and never returned my call.Joe with Pacific Blue Pools & Spas answered and told me he would probably be able to come by later the same day. He showed up on time, was courteous and professional. He was able to figure out what the problem was (motherboard cooked in my salt water chlorine generator) in short order. My unit was still under warranty so he was able to get the part and replace it within a week. I appreciate dealing with a responsive professional and will definitely patronize and recommend him.
5	Pacific Blue Pools is a very professional organization. They are responsive, honest, and provide competitive pricing. I would not recommend anyone else....seriously.
