1	I have attended colleges in KS, TX, and since relocating to NV, transfered again to CSN.  BAD decision.  They don't have enough classes for the number of students they have.  Trying to get anything through admissions or financial aid is a JOKE.  They tell you they need something one at a time, turn that in, and all of the sudden they need something else(JUST GIVE ME A LIST, AND YOU CAN HAVE IT ALL AT ONCE!)  Semester already started and my financial aid still hasn't been reviewed.  I get a different time frame from each person I talk to, 6-8 weeks, or 8-12 weeks..  well it's been 12 and I have nothing but a hold not to drop my classes.  Even University of Texas with crazy amounts of students was able to get it done by the week school started.  My husband checked with the VA office to see if he needed to do anything when he changed his degree.. the guy gave him a piece of paper to sign and said "that's it"  school started a week ago, and we received a letter today saying they don't have his transcripts, that we sent 3 months ago, and he called to find out that he DID need to have a sheet signed by a counselor, but the uninformed guy had told us otherwise.  Thanks for screwing up our housing money buddy!!  They lost my transcripts as well, which when I asked them how they traced them they said by social security number (GOOD!  Cause I changed my name when I got married)  They didn't.. they put them in storage and I had to call and talk to probably 10 different people and tell them BOTH names for them to all look for my current name.  It's just as bad trying to figure out who does what.. I got sent all over campus and standing in lines for an hour and a half, by their employees who didn't know who I needed to show my unofficial transcripts to to open a class for me.The bookstore has the classes listed for the wrong books, or that don't even need books, needless to say I waited an hour and a half in line to return books, and everybody else had the same problem.  This school is one disorganized mess, I think after this (one and only) semester at CSN I may do distance education from a better school with more degree choices.  ALSO, one of the most frustrating things.. I have taken online classes from every school i've been to, and had no problem.  There is a "lockdown" program for testing that won't even run on my 4 mo old laptop because my desktop manager has no option for closing (basically I can not have a clock, the date, updates running)  I had to dig my husbands old computer out of a box just to take a test, and it froze on me 2 minutes in, yet the clock didn't stop running.  I don't know who is in charge at this school, as every person I have dealt with other than cashiers is a student, but they need to get their stuff together.  THIS SCHOOL IS A JOKE!
4	This is not my fave campus...but that's due to the people who attend here. Most of my classes are filled with dingy high schoolers.  Always plan to grab the door because NO ONE here looks behind them to open the door for others, it is SO rude. Most students here are pretty stuck up..the students at Cheyenne are much friendlier by far. The good : parking is very accessible and never cutthroat like other campuses.  Very clean and nice campus. I love the spaced out open layout. The computer lab is never overfilled and the i.t peeps are very helpful. The front desk lady always keeps chocolates and snacks for students to get a sugar buzz before a test. I love csn and like most things in life it is completely up to you what your experience is like. This campus is near my house and very nice..however due to the rude students ill probably trek across town to Cheyenne.  Courtesy is contagious...be aware of fellow students and make friends.
2	I'll agree this campus is full of teeny boppers. However, if you cant afford to go to UNLV this is a great place to go. HOwever, having since moved back to TX since attending here I've noticed a big difference. When you call the school at a regular school,they answer and guess what, THEY ALSO answer the phone. This past semester I must have had to go to the school every single day for about 3 weeks straight to straighten something out. It was absolutely ridiculous. Feels like the left hand doesnt know what the right hand is doing and its infuriating. I was told by one dept that the other dept does that.. etc. and i spent days going from one line to the other. and you spend hours in line for financial aide b/c they tell you oh, you need xyz form and come back tomorrow with the print outs.. oh you didnt print that out correctly bring it back.. oh sorry we dont take originals, please make copies, oh those copies arent the right size please make them bigger, oh that document was in blue ink, please fill it out in black ink. oh you need to go to the registrar for that.. and the registrar says no you need to do that online, online wont let you b/c its a new system, help desk says no you need to go to counseling, counseling sends you back to registar who sends you bk to the online. Its literally a big circle. What hurts them the most is that they ahve lost of students running htings who dont knwo what they are doing. I filled out documents 3x and was still called back again b/c a student didnt remember a separate section that I filled out my maiden name but b/c ive never been married, thats wrong and I needed to fill ito ut again.. but technically that IS my maiden name.. so i didnt understand how that was wrong? and I had to drive an hr round trip up to cheyenne to fix it. There are a few people who actually know what they are doing.. a few. and if you are lucky hang on to them for dear life and best of luck to you.  my adivce, learn from my mistakes and take as many classes online instead of in class. In case you have to move in the middle of the semester it wont destroy your life like it has mine.
4	Though one of the smaller campuses, very cozy and easy parking. Only downside is the people who work in the offices of registrar and financial aid have NO CLUE what they are doing and are quite rude. Once you are admitted and as long as there are no hicups....great campus!
2	I took Geology, Communications, and Italian last Spring 2012 semester all here at the Henderson campus. The whole campus is tiny, composed of three major buildings. All my classes where in the main building so it was convenient. Parking is the only thing I have no complaint about, I never had a problem finding a decent spot close to the building. Like many others have expressed, YES! This place does not feel like a higher education institute. It is full of kids that I could go to jail for (underage). I guess a lot of them come from the high school next door who are taking post secondary courses. Whatever the reason is, I think 89% of the student population is under 21 and behave like under 10!The teachers I had were excellent! Very enthusiastic, knowledgeable and they were very interactively fun. I enjoyed the small classes compared to UNLV but hated the fact that almost nothing transfers from out of state schools. The Academic Counselors are rude and they don't care to help you out much, all they want is your money. I doubt I'll ever take classes here again, unless UNLV needs me to retake any of my general education, core classes. I forgot to mention that the computer lab is actually pretty nice. All the computers are fairly new and there's tons of them available all the time.
3	Compared to they Charleston and Cheyenne campus this one is the smallest.  I have had some fantastic teachers here but I have also had some bad teachers here. The financial department is a complete mess and know one every seems to have answers for the question I have asked. I have also been told one thing and them when I do what is required and gone back to turn in paper work I was told I needed only to find out that I never needed it at all.  I have also found this to be the same with the counslors.  The only people that have been consistant is the register department.
4	Parking is still free woot woot! Tiny little campus, but who cares, I am here to finish up a degree, and ya it is a pain in the butt to have to go to different campuses to get it done on time.. But I am glad I have the option.. I will have more reviews later I am sure, but for now the staff was nice and helpful so I am a fan..
4	Its a nice campus especially building C, nice main lobby, and the computer lab is great. The other buildings look kinda old and the library seems a bit small. But on the plus side it is relatively quiet and a great spot to get some reading done. The main complaint that I have is with the smokers smoking so close to the buildings. And the smoke wafting all over the place. In the end its a nice campus but bad with smokers :P.
3	Never thought I'd be writing a review on my college campus, but here goes...The great thing about attending CSN for a few classes is the fact that they have 3 CAMPUSES: Cheyenne, Charleston, and Henderson. So you can pretty much choose a campus that accommodates your needs in terms of your location in the valley. So its easy to assume I chose to attend one of my 3 classes here at this campus because I work in the Henderson area =)This campus is not nearly as big as Cheyenne or the Charleston one, but that's fine. I mean.. If you're attending CSN you're obviously not trying to go for big and fancy otherwise you would have chose classes at UNLV or go out of state, haha. This campus pretty much gets the job done. It's pretty small, but there's a good range of parking.It's located right near a freeway which allows for easy access. I never have trouble finding parking here compared to when I went to the Charleston campus and I had a class there at the same time. Overall.. This place gets the job done.
5	The Henderson Campus offers the Valley and the community a truly small-world feel.Campus:  Henderson Campus has three main buildings.  The A building houses several small classrooms, offices, the Aviation Program, and greenhouse facilities to the rear.  The B Building houses several classrooms, the testing center, and the Center for Student Services.  The C Building houses the large computer lab, a coffee shop, administrative offices, and many classrooms.  It is the newest facility on the campus.  To the Northwest they also have the baseball/softball field.Courses/Faculty:  The Community College's mission is to provide open access of higher education to all members of the community.  This institution offers high quality teaching.  4-year Universities primarily focus of producing research, as with UNLV; however, the mission CSN is to provide actual teaching to it's students.  Therefore, you tend to get better quality teaching services from faculty who's expertise are teaching their respective subjects. The campus environment is meant for the serious learner; it's peaceful & quiet and offers lots of quiet places to study.
4	Much of my undergraduate degree was spent in the "B" and "C" buildings for late night classes and labs. The "C" building hosts a variety of classrooms, lab areas, and an extensive computer lab for use when students are in need of something computer related, or printing jobs.The staff of the college are helpful individuals, and I can say that the Henderson campus is my favorite of the 3 campuses, although it is the smallest campus.
1	The Charelston Campus is terrible, the "advisors" will advise you in the WRONG direction, and if you need to add/drop a class good luck.... its a 3 hour wait. In saying that, aside from the problems with with their admisitration and counseling staff- (seriously TERRIBLE) There are some really great professors there. It would be like any college, some are duds, and dont fit, but every once in awhile there is a gem. Either don't go to the Charelston Campus, or just go to UNLV if you can.
