5	I rented a car for a week while I had some custom work done to my vehicle.Wow agent Valerie...you kick ass! I have never in all of my years on this planet come across an employee of a business that is truly as remarkable as yourself. Normally I would not review my experience in renting a car however she was the inspiration and motivation for this one!Service with a smile...she takes it to a whole new level.Fantastic customer service, she had me in and out the door in a jiffy and she was working solo on a Wednesday while she had an office full of folks dropping off, picking up, and extending rentals, etc etc.She remained calm and she handled it so well, I did not give a crap about waiting in line for my turn to experience her sweetness.I just called her and told her today what a pleasure she was to work with and that Enterprise is LUCKY to have her as she is truly awesome! She said I made her week! Yay!I will be contacting her Supervisor as well to rave about this beautiful specimen of an employee they are fortunate to have working for their Company!Service this outstanding is rare and it is mind blowing when you are treated so well. Enterprise is lucky I don't own a business, otherwise I would snap her up to work for me in a New York minute!Thank you Valerie! You rock!
4	Nice enough staff and more importantly a perfect location to where I was staying. Tried to call for a pickup but they were busy so I just walked. Had to wait 5-10 minutes for my car to be ready, and a coffee or a water while I waited would have been nice. Some other Enterprises offer this. But hardly anything to take major points away.
1	Worst rental car experience ever. Not the place to go when you had a car accident because they make the nightmare worse. I had so many issues with them. I denied additional insurance coverage (of course I have my own insurance),then  the lady had me sign some paper work so I could be on my way. After 2 weeks, Enterprise notified me that I owed them 2 weeks of insurance that I "signed" for. I called my insurance and they told me that they have already received numerous of the same complaints, and they were going to notify corporate. Second problem: They told me my insurance covered me up to 30 days, so when I turned in my car 30 days to the day they told me that I owed them 2 days since my insurance stopped covering the rental. I never received a courtesy call from Enterprise as I should have. The manager then told me he couldn't print me a receipt because they were going to notify my insurance (so they could bill the insurance at fault) to cover those 2 days. Of course, they didn't notify my insurance and decided to bill my card on file.
5	Been renting with this location for nearly a year and I can say whoever trains the workers there are doing a fantastic job. Will continue to do business with them. I should include that it helps that Enterprise has $10 days on the weekends.
5	Not one that rented much cars in my life think maybe one other time. So I really had no bases too go on. I was looking for someplace close too the house. Price was fair and one that had car on site. I thinking since this location is no where near the airport had my doubts but figure give it go. What I found was great staff, professional, and could not have had better experience! It all started with Cody. He was more then helpful explaining all my options. I was telling him that my car was in the shop needed something too drive around on my days off. He told me that get little extra discount for my situation. Bonus. Not once was he pushing me too get upgrade not that there was much options that day. More or less from the set of keys hanging only two too start with got one of them. He explained all the policies very clearly and made the process that much easier. It came too signing up for insurance coverage he never pushed it on me (although end I did get the coverage for two day rental). The whole time smile on his face, talking stories with him was great, and even once got the car the customer service never stopped. Few hours later got courtesy call from Enterprise. Asking if everything was good and simple call really showed me much they care about customer experience!!! The day return the car talked too another salesperson but the customer service was fantastic.The price not sure if reasonable or pricey cause not too often rent car. If need car on the go would not hesitate too come back.
1	Just returned my car rental to discover I had been charged a $600 authorization charge without my consent!!!!!!  Normally, this charge is $250 (as advised by Enterprise associate Bryant), so I question the validity of this bogus charge!!!  Hmm, makes one wonder what this guy was up to?!!!  To make a long story short, I shan't ever be back to this Enterprise location!!!
1	I used to be a avid customer of Enterprise for the last 3 years. I rented from local places such as the ones located right here (Hyundai Accent), another one on The Strip (Dodge Charger), and finally one from what used to be Fitzgeralds on Fremont (Dodge Nitro).But not anymore.You see, in some indeterminate time around the last year or so, Enterprise imposed a company-wide policy of requiring two utility bills along with a mandatory debit/credt card collateral before allowing anyone, of any age 18 and up, to be able to rent a car.When I saw a different review for the Sahara location (on Yelp) mentioning this gripe, I was held with disbelief, and thought that probably whatever agent that worked over there may have had something against the reviewer. Lo and behold, after calling this location specifically (its located a few blocks west of The Palms), they want me to provide two proofs of utility paid solely by me (and not by fellow family members in the household). With my name on it. The requirement of utility bills are not going to work if...1) A customer splits the utility bill with his or her family for the household, and that it so happens that the customer's name is not present on the bill2) A additional proof of residence requirement.... if a customer pays rent in a informal manner without having their name present on the lease. This not only disenfranchises me, but a entire population of college students, roommates, co-residents and others that actually pay bills such as rent and utilities without our names being formally present on the actual bill each month. Also the website is terrible. 2 weeks earlier I attempted to reserve a full-sized sedan that I wanted, and after clicking the book reservation option on the Sahara website, I got immediately sent back to the home page without any note or email that shows that the branch received it. After calling the Sahara location repeatedly and running into only a empty voicemail box that has not been set up (it won't take my voicemails), I decided to call Flamingo & Decatur instead only to encounter the utility bill requirement.I immediately came up with a list of bills that DO HAVE MY NAME ON IT, but it has to be HOUSING-RELEVANT utility bills. A cell phone bill still qualifies, but my storage unit's bill does not. Frustrated with this fiasco, and that I should have already obtained a rental for a weekend in California with my girlfriend an hour ago, I decided to promptly rent a vehicle from a Enterprise competitor instead. This competitor only required me to use a debit card as collateral, gave me a discount for having my own insured vehicle (it was a stickshift and the area I was going to in California is notoriously rough on manual transmissions), and although it was more expensive, I got exactly what I wanted at the last minute, a full-sized car that can carry the luggage of two people, with a automatic transmission and a engine that can endure the high-altitude locations that my 4-banger has trouble being able to scale on (oxygen deprivation).
3	I was picked up by staff member Tanya at Service King when my car needed to be dropped of for some body work. Tanya was awesome, very sweet & friendly. When we arrived to the Enterprise location it was pretty beat up, they definitely need to give it some TLC. After completing paperwork & waiting for my vehicle to be ready I was off in my rental. When I got into it I had to put all the windows down immediately because the spray they used was overwhelming. Some type of a fruit spray that was intense. The next day I realized why they had sprayed it down! It smelled like an ashtray &someone had to mask it. I wish they would ask if you want a smoking or nonsmoking vehicle because the next 3 days really sucked for me driving around in an ashtray.I would have gone back to request another car but didn't have the time. Service was great, location was beat up, car was ok but the ashtray stank was horrific.
