3	Macaroni Grill strikes me as the perfect "Office Christmas Party" location. The food is average, or maybe slightly above average in a totally conventional way, but lacks the creativity that some of its non-corporate counterparts offer. Service is actually the best thing here, in my opinion, but I get the feeling that the staff can't stand working there. I can't really back that up, and no one has ever said that to me explicitly, I just get that vibe. It would be a good place to take small children or large groups. For birthdays, there is a staff singer (I think that's how it works, at least) who sings a Venetian serenade as if it were on a gondola. A little cheesy, I know, but some people are into that.
4	Not fond of chains in general, but this place is worth reviewing.The atmosphere at this location is dark, romantic, yet casual and comfortable. Our server "Richard" was a riot and served us well as he entertained us throughout the night. This goes to show how much a server can influence your overall dining experience. We also had fun drawing on the table top (which is topped with white paper and crayons for your artistic expression).The bread is really good here for those of us that fear no carbs. The salad was crisp and refreshing, and dinner was near perfection with my Lobster Ravioli melting in my mouth. My girlfriend's Lasagna was about as big as her head (9 layers) and made for delicious leftovers.Two thumbs up for Macaroni Grill.
3	I had never been to this place until I was looking for a caterer for my wedding that wasn't too expensive. I went with my then fiance and a friend and we all ordered a different dish to test out. The chicken scallopini was a clear winner. I was pleasantly surprised! We had them cater our wedding (buffet style) and the food was a hit. It was also in our budget and we were quite happy.  If you need to order food for a group, this is a very good and affordable option.
4	Great Value and Quick service. I was in a party of 23 on a friday night for a birthday party celebration and the service we received was very quick (for a prty of 23 on a Friday night i was impressed with the speed) and friendly. The server even sang an operatic version of happy birthday. The dinner special where you get a salad, main course and dessert (I had the lemon passion, very rich so I recommend you share it) was a great deal for those on a budget. I usually don't eat at chain italian restarants but this was a pleasent surprise.
4	Just a quick review of Macaroni Grill. I've been to this location several times and I've never been disappointed. The service is always pleasant and fast and the food is pretty darn good for a chain. I've tried some of their pasta dishes and had the grilled pork chops once and they were quite good. I ordered them on a whim and was pleasantly surprised with them. And they make a great Insalata Blu which is bibb lettuce, walnuts, red onions, grated bleu cheese all tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette. The bread they serve with the olive oil and cracked black pepper is always pleasing. And they have a great blackberry mint iced tea. Yum. The music they play is a great mix of Italian opera and the Italian crooners of the 50's such as Frank Sinatra. And hopefully there will be a birthday or two while you're there. They usually have a singer who does a great job of "Happy Birthday" in Italian. (What does this person do besides sing? Is that all they do? Anyone know?) Oh, and if you use the restroom they play lessons in Italian while you are....um...doing your business. Pretty cool.( I just hope that if I ever need to use Italian in an emergency I don't have to duck into a bathroom to remember it.) If you're in the mood for some good Italian food with good portions and friendly attentive service, Macaroni Grill can't be beat in my book.
4	A million Macaroni Grille's in the world, and this is the first one I went to. Lucky me.Seriously. On a really freakin' hot July afternoon, it was an oasis. Nice music playing in the background, big glasses of ice cold water, a great waitress and it was just dark enough and cool inside. And the food was good, the Meatball Sandwich was way too big for our companion to finish, so she had lunch for the next day settled on. The Penne Rustica was extremely filling and full of cheese and shrimp. And the Scallop and Spinach Salad was really good, however, the bitterness inherent in cooked spinach became a bit tiresome. So the salad wasn't finished. But the huge glass of water and iced tea that I consumed may have been a factor.
4	Tonight my wife and I came for dinner. I tried the Seafood Linguini which was new on the menu. It had scallops, shrimp and clams and was very flavorful. My wife had the Scallop Salad which was also excellent. Always enjoy our dining experience there. They also have the best Chianti...$30 for a bottle which I'll get for her birthday.
1	Shame on you Macaroni Grill! I ordered a "Create Your Own Pasta" dish for take out and was horrified when I got home. My $14 pasta (which included chicken for an extra $3.50) consisted of one small chunk of chicken the size of a nickel and approx. 15 noodles. There was virtually no sign of the sauce or veggies I had requested. What a horrible waste of money.
4	my favorite part is i can write on the tables but it's still a classy environment! (:
3	too much salt- house wine is poor- they are close to being good- a little more effort pleasethe sole was previously frozen and prepped off site ( or made very poorly) very mushy. It had the tast of a commerically made dish- soggy and old.Lay off the salt- make more of an effort on the white fish
3	Ate here a few weeks ago on a Wednesday around 6pm.  Was shocked that they had already run out of Lasagna!  Order the chicken parma, it lacked enough sauce so I asked for some to be brought out. Promptly it was brought out by the waiter cold!Still the Parma was good and filling. I like the interior very much and that they have starched white table cloths. The server was otherwise good. I was surprised at how empty it was when we departed at 8pm. And I di not like the dessert menu or that they were cleaning the carpet that early as people were dining. Thats just rude!Still I will eat here again but maybe earlier.
2	I stay away for chain restaurants for a reason and my recent dinner only confirmed that. Food-bland and inconsistent from person to person. Wait staff - sucked and no effortI will not be going back.
4	The bar area was freezing; bring a jacket even though it's 90 degrees outside!
3	A friend of mine invited us to dinner here.  It's been a while since we've been to Macaroni Grill.  We use to eat at a Macaroni Grill for lunch all the time, but in recent years have ignored it.I have a favorite dish....the Pasta Milano (Roasted Chicken, Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Mushrooms, Farfalle Pasta in a roasted Garlic Cream Sauce, $11.99).....but I got it without Chicken since I'm on a no Meat diet.The Better Half ordered the Crusted Sole (Filet of Sole topped w/Lemon Butter & served w/Sun-Dried Tomato, Spinach Orzo, $14.99).I didn't like my Pasta Milano.....the Cream Sauce was very watery and didn't have much flavor....bland, which has never happened to me when I've ordered it.The Better Half enjoyed her Sole, but didn't think it was anything beyond average.My friend ordered the King Salmon ($17.99) and enjoyed it.If I was rating this dinner on my experience alone, it would have been 2 Stars....but since the other two dining with me enjoyed their meal, I'm bumping it up to 3.  The service was so/so.....young wait staff here with plenty to learn about service....I didn't ding them because of their inexperience.  They were pleasant and sincere....which goes a long way with me.Return Factor - 30%
1	The food merits 2 stars and the service was an absolute zero.Side note: 20 years ago, this was perhaps the busiest restaurant in the Valley and had Brinker's then famous level of training and service.The place looks about the same with faux Tuscan dinner house look and Italian lessons in the restrooms. Everything else has gone in the crapper.We were there with a party of 10 to celebrate an anniversary at lunchtime. The place was virtually deserted (at 12:30p on a Sunday) and yet we were seated at the "wrong" table and reseated in the very back room.Our server came huffing and puffing to greet us muttering and flustered that we were here (not sure why customers are seen as an inconvenience in such a slow place). He reluctantly brought water glasses and later brought some of the complimentary bread. Muttering about our being early (not true) instead of drawing of sappy sayings with crayons on the white craft paper that covers the tables. We were afraid to ask for ice from our water: we didn't want him to crack or go postal.He brought out the house "wine", which is "chianti" from California. It is only one step up from Pompeii brand red wine vinegar.Much later, he took our order. Each person was greeted with a terse "next!". Don't ask for changes or ask questions, please!After another great span of time (in which we were left unattended, which in this case was better), the food came out. My Pasta Milano was only warm enough that I could eat it. I would have sent it back at a reasonable place. The "garlic cream sauce" was light on the garlic but completely overpowered by rosemary (which was not mentioned on the menu). A brave guest did send back their lukewarm pizza, which brought forth the scorn of the server.The waiter did warm up when he heard one of the guests speak of real estate (but not addressed to the waiter). He began interjecting his opinion on mortgages and the real estate market. Wow! No interest in serving people, but a veritable talking head when it comes to residential real estate.Anyhow, we were able to escape eventually, shaking our heads in disbelief.
3	During the hot summer months in Phoenix we can't wait for the weather to change and for a cool breeze and light rain to make it all better. But change is not something we necessarily want in a good restaurant. Our last visit to the Grill was definitely a change but it was more like the temperature got hotter and it simply made it more miserable. The service was less than perfect as we celebrated my daughters 14th birthday. We had to ask for water repeatedly partially because they only left small cups for us to use after removing the tall glasses from the table. The food was average which included my Sausage Pasta dish. It reminded me of pasta with chopped up sausage placed in it without it really being cooked together. Overall we like Macaroni Grill but the changes to small water glasses and average food make us cautious. We had to ask for crayons which is a fun part of the experience we have come to expect. I finally went to the front desk to get them. The server did not write her name on the table as usual and didn't even tell us who she was. "Hey you " just doesn't feel right in a restaurant that usually shines with excellence. We will be back but I'm not sure how soon.
2	After a much glorified recommendation from the waiter too get the pork c hop special, result was 4 dried out chops, 4 undercooked risottos ( which they replaced with something else, ours were the last they had for the night). After mention of the chops drones, we're told they would melt in mouth, that was not going to happen with those chopsn we were offered free dessert. Took it home, tiramisu, will taste in the AM for breakfast. Disappointing as previous visit was actually quite good. Fifth person had the meatballs, said they were good.Appetizers muscles were good as was the soup.
1	I came to the restaurant specifically because of a recommendation. I am now on a gluten-free diet and have other allergies so, suffice it to say, I don't get to eat Italian often. However I was told that they have gluten-free pasta and other choices. I was initially impressed by the sheet that breaks down their meals by allergen so that one knows what is safe. Kudos on that. This is more than most places provide.However, they have Basil Pesto Sauce listed as NOT being gluten-free nor soy free. Finding that odd, I asked the waiter to confirm with the chef, and I was told there was no wheat product at all in the pesto, which seems correct. (I did not ask about the soy, but I would wager that sneaks in somehow thanks to the cheese.)So I ordered the Create Your Own Pasta of gluten-free penne with pesto sauce, shrimp, peppers, spinach, and mushrooms.When my bowl of pasta arrived, it had all of the above. However, it also had onions, zucchini, and eggplant, yet I had to dig to find a shrimp. I originally assumed I had somebody else's order.The waiter, who was wonderful and attentive, took the bowl away and offered to replace it as I ordered. I would have eaten the original bowl, and told him so, but I was more concerned, as I said, that it was someone else's.As a side note, if these flourishes of extra vegetables are an example of a cook's flair, I would say that if a customer orders a straight menu item, that might be acceptable. But when I fill out a cute little checkbox form with what I want on my Create Your Own Pasta bowl, I *only* want the items I checked off.A fresh bowl arrived later exactly as ordered. Except the pasta was undercooked. I don't mean really firm al-dente. I mean some were still way under done. Now, I know that gluten-free pasta takes longer to cook, and they probably rushed the bowl to get it to me. But that bowl was almost inedible.The waiter did offer to get me a third bowl. I declined and soldiered through it. We were having dinner out for my wife's birthday and I did not want to belabor the meal. The waiter then offered us dessert to make up for the problems. Though I did agree to this, and I'm not demanding or even asking for a full dinner cost to be covered, it seems inadequate for management to offer me a three dollar dessert to make up for a twice-failed $14 dinner.  I do not intend to go back.
3	I don't normally frequent the "chains" cause I like to give the locals the biz, but I had a gift card, and I took my daughter.  It was early (6:00) on a Sunday, and there was a waiting list in the dining room, so we ate in the bar.  Taylor was the bartender and server.  I told him what I wanted to drink with not too much this and not too much that, and he made it perfect.  Thank you, Taylor!  I had the shrimp portofino and my daughter had the lobster ravioli.  I am only giving the four stars cause I thought the shrimp should have had some kind of flavor to it -- It was a bit on the bland side -- and my daughter's ravioli was a bit on the sparse side.  That being said, both dishes were good.  The pasta was flavored to perfection.  I wouldn't have minded having chili peppers on the table cause I like my pasta spicy hot, but that's okay.  That's my taste.  The hostess forgot to give us menus, and Taylor, our server/bartender was surprised at that.  Slight oversight, I'm sure.  No big deal.
1	We ate here a year ago and haven't been back since because the service and food was so bad. Today we thought that they might have improved so we thought we'd give it a shot - NOPE.  Still the same as it was last year.  Initially I was going to give this 2 stars for the bad service, but then our food arrived.Service was slow. Extremely slow.  We were there at 2:00 PM and the place was a ghost town.  We had to wait 10 minutes before any of the employees would acknowledge we were even in the establishment.  Took another 5 minutes to seat our party of 3 at a booth.  They seated us right next to the restroom when the rest of the restaurant was open and available.Our table was set for two, but they said they would bring another place setting.  Eventually our waiter showed up to take our drinks - I got a feeling of resentment from him, kind of like he'd rather be anywhere but here (that feeling was mutual).  When we didn't want any wine he got a little miffed.The food came out cold and nasty.  The water bottles that they use to pour water from were filthy - INSIDE THE BOTTLE!!!Seriously...  This place is right in the heart of Scottsdale.  There are probably 100 to 200 restaurants with in a 1 mile radius.  Any one of them is a better choice than here.  Scottsdale has some PHENOMENAL eateries, don't waste your time at Romano's Macaroni Grill.
4	We have been going to various Macaroni Grills now for over eighteen years in whatever state we were living at the time.The big head scratch-er for us long time diners is what was Brinker International (the previous corporate owners) thinking, when they tried to cheapen the menu and turn it into an Italian Chili's, another food concept they own?  We still remember with fond memories the opera style singer who would walk from table to table taking requests.  If the food wasn't enough, it was these great touches that separated them from the former Pillsbury restaurant group Darden.  How many of us tried learning Italian when we were in the restroom?  LOL!  Romano, yes there was a Romano who started the concept, had a sense of humor!Our most recent trip here was when our daughter offered to buy us dinner on a Saturday night.  It was late, but we were game.  The wait was reported to us as thirty minutes, well an hour later we were seated.One of the benefits of that wait was watching Tom, the Culinary Manager work his station near the alcove by the food preparers.  Wow, can this guy hustle!  Turns out he's one of the original employees going back twenty years to Ohio.  He's done it all.  So, we ordered some wine from the bar and sat watching him organize the various meals before they were picked up by the wait staff.  Time flew.We were seated near the back in Marco's section.  We started with two garden salads for $3.00 each; followed by their special Pesto Spaghetti for $14.00; Chicken Parmigiana with Penne pasta for $13.00 and  Mama's spicy Meatballs with Spaghetti Bolognese for $12.50.  The bill came to $45.50 before taxes and tip.All the meals were great!  And, we needed boxes to take some home.  As we left, we noticed Tom was in the kitchen helping out.  They don't pay this man enough!Enjoy!
2	Disappointed again.  It had been a few years since we were last at Romano's Macaroni Grill, since we have been swept off our feet by the many other great Italian restaurants around, but the 2-tapas and 2 entrees for $25 enticed us back for another try.  It's a good deal but the chef attention was not in evidence.  You have your choice of 6 tapas or 8 entrees, and can choose from any of the regular entrees for $3 more.  At happy hour the drinks are also a bargain. Though the Margarita Prima was a bit sour for my taste, it may be just right for some.The highlight of the meal was the bread.  The ciabatta delivered with our drinks was as good as they get.  From there, it was all downhill.  The concepts were great, but the flavor was completely lacking.  Our tapas, the artichoke potato cakes and zucchini fritti were generic fried pub food lacking any Italian imagination.I had the pasta carbonara, which looked wonderful, and the poached egg on top is the perfect touch, but there was no flavor whatsoever to the sauce.  Even the pancetta lacked flavor.  Having just returned from Italy where I had some really great carbonara, I was completely let down.  My wife had Carmela's chicken, in which we could find no hint of the advertised carmelized onion, and the chicken tasted as though it had been processed to death and butchered weeks ago.Fortunately, I was able to revive my taste buds with a good chocolate gelato before departing leaving half-empty plates and no desire for a doggy bag.
4	Macaroni Grill is a chain, yes. But I'm a fan because their light menu is actually as tasty and flavorful as the main selections, which is definitely not true of all chains, where I have eaten some ungodly flavorless messes in the name of health. You'll feel full after a Macaroni Grill light meal, but you won't feel sick, which is a perk in my opinion. I grabbed dinner here last week and was pleasantly reminded of this.
4	I did not expect much from the Macaroni Grill and was surprised.  Nice ambiance, good service, and food that as a whole better than I expected.  One often finds restaurants like this that as a whole look great but on the whole really aren't much more than a glorified Denny's.   That's not so bad if you are at Deny's but the Macaroni Grill's location and prices are such that they should be a more than a bit different.
2	Food is good, but service is SLOW! I would suggest driving to a different location, the one at desert ridge is better.
2	Not a good experience. Party of 5. Got all of the orders wrong in some way. Food was cold. Server was new. Didn't refill drinks. Didn't ask if we wanted dessert. If they don't ask I don't suggest. It's their tip.
5	great service, location, and menu selection. the food is very reasonably priced and the portions are very generous.overall, wonderful place.
2	The chix parm is the only thing worth getting.  Everything else is prepared too far in advance like the chix for pasta is prepared earlier and warmed up. Chix parm was good just very thin.  It's a chain I should have known better.
1	Service was horrible and food was mediocre at best~ won't be going back
1	Oh my gosh, what a disaster!  My husband called in an order and asked me to pick it up on my way home.  I arrived and went to the pick-up area where there were 3 other people in front of me.  No big deal, right?  Well, after about 30 minutes, the woman in line just ahead of me was told that they did not have her order that was phoned in about an hour earlier.  So, she placed another order and sat down to wait.  Finally, after about 45 minutes in line, I make it to the cashier, and after giving him my name and what was ordered, he proceeds to tell me that they do not have the order!  Thinking that my name could have been mis-spelled or taken down incorrectly, I asked him if there was an identical order under a similar name.  Instead of checking, the employee looks at me and asks, "Are you asking me to give you someone else's food?"  Unbelievable!  Then he asks me if I want to place an order to go!  After witnessing what was happening in the kitchen during my 45 minute wait, I'm sure that I would have had another hour or more to wait for my order to be completed!  The kitchen that was utterly chaotic.  Absolutely no organization by the chef (who was shouting out orders to anyone who would listen, but no one in particular)!  The kitchen was piled high with dirty pans everywhere.  It's a wonder they got any orders out.  Had the cashier not accused me of asking him to give me another person's food, I may have considered returning to this restaurant.  However, after that treatment, and what I witnessed in the kitchen, I can say with confidence that I will NEVER set foot in this place again!
4	I would like to believe that the old Macaroni Grill is back. The three of us came here last Saturday night after a long day of Christmas tree shopping and hanging outside lights. We were tired and didn't feel like cooking. We also didn't feel Ike a fancy Italian restaurant meal, but just some good Italian comfort food. Our choices in this market segment includes both Macaroni Grill and Maggiano's, along with some wannabes like Olive Garden, Johnny Carino's and Carrabba's. As a family, we continue to favor the two Brinker International concepts. As a follow-ups to my previous review, it does indeed appear that the over building under the former corporate owners has ceased.  And a great deal of attention has gone into improving the menu, while keeping some of the older items by their new private VC owners. One thing that was lacking in the old setup was a traffic cop of sorts. Now in place, you have a very competent Wait Staff & Service Manager (front of the house) making sure the tables are bused and offering a friendly face to those who are waiting to be seated. This was present in the old place, but it wasn't the high energy job it is now and is a major improvement.The other improvement as noted last time is the Culinary Manager doing the same thing but between the kitchen staff (back of the house) & wait service. It is still running smoothly. We started with a couple of appetizers from their "Choose 2 Tapas" ($9.00) menu of Mama's Spicy Meatballs (no jokes please) and Bruschetta, followed by a salad.  All were very good.  As for dinner, we ordered the Chicken Parmigiana, Chicken Pasta Milano, along with Mama's Trio (see photos).  All were delicious and we had enough for three boxes for home.We normally skip dessert, but chose to share a Chocolate Cake.  Here, Macaroni Grill has made a change from their past offering of a chocolate brownie.  The cake comes in a remekin, with a side of chocolate ganache.  Very Nice!We had a good time, left with some boxes and felt the bill of $64.75 before taxes and tip was fair.  Again, things weren't perfect, but they were a lot better then two years ago when Brinkers had Macaroni Grill on the market and it felt as if the  wheels were coming of this used car concept.  Not anymore, Three and three quarter stars, rounded up to four on this visit.Enjoy!
1	Arghh... where do I start? Well, allow me to say that I am not a big fan of Macaroni Grill, but the hubby and the kids seem to like it, so we go there once in a while.Come to think about it, I think we have gotten better service consistently at the Agua Fria and Tatum locations, we also went once in Mesa. However, the few times I have been to the Gold Dust locations... huge disappointments. Once our daughter's wheat pasta was uncooked, and missing the pine nuts (we ordered it because she didn't know what they were). We like the Chianti BBQ Steak, and we have had it at Tatum location, delicious.We went to this place for Christmas Eve, and we were expecting them to be busy. To our surprise, we didn't have to wait that long to be seated. We got a booth (4 of us) and ordered fetuccini and  Penne Rustica for the kids, hubby the Chianti BBQ steak and the Parmesan Veal Chop for me. We ate one piece of bread. We asked for one more. We ate it. Our server apologized for the delay. Long wait. Our server came back and apologized again. Long wait. Our server nowhere to be seen.  Over 50 minutes went by since our order, which I think it is beyond a reasonable delay. We caught the attention of our server and asked for the manager.After a while a manager stopped by and explained they had 2 very big parties (he mention the number 17 each, I think) in a back room. Honestly, in my mind this translated to 'we do have customers more important than you'... we said this was beyond reasonable and were considering leaving, he said being Christmas Eve, everywhere would be busy and we would be better off waiting here, he offered a discount... and left. I tried to get his attention to ask how much longer but he didn't hear me or else... About 8-10 min later he brought our food. As he was leaving I said,  pointing to the Chianti steak: this should have prosciutto and crostini, 'and garlic dip', added my husband. He said, the prosciutto is in there... and left. Well, in my mind I translated that as "I am in a hurry, so I am going to treat you like an idiot'. That is the utmost disrespect, and hence the one star. There is no discount that makes up for that. There was no prosciutto in there. At all. We caught the attention of our server and mentioned the missing ingredients, and he brought a side of prosciutto, some garlic dip, and a piece of bread... nothing like the crostini we have had at the Tatum location. Also, the veal chop is usually huge, and this time it was like half of what I usually get somewhere else. Also, sadly this still may be an improvement, because last time we ordered the Chianti steak here, they didn't even believe us it was supposed to come with garlic dip... honestly... geeezz, can't they read their own menus? oh well, no more Gold Dust in my macaroni... ever.
4	Hosted a dinner for a medium sized party here.The manager and staff did a great job getting everyone their drinks and food.  Noteworthy was the follow through on expediting meals for several guests who had to leave shortly for the airport.I am giving three stars for the food and a bonus star for the efficient and friendly management and staff.
2	A comedy of errors is the best description for our experience last night.  Our appetizer the mozzarella was over cooked and was more like potato chips, the bread was in short supply and took forever.  Our entrees took over an hour to arrive on our table.  To top it off, the waitress, didn't listen on how we wanted to split our bill and one of our party had to walk to her to coach her on how we wanted the check split.  Nothing hard either, split the bill, apply my $20 giftcard to my portion and bill me the balance.  While I don't blame the waitress for the slow service due to short staffing, I'm glad I don't come often.  Now I understand why.  For the money, there are plenty of other Italian choices.  Enough said.
1	I was incredibly unhappy with this experience. I will probably not eat at any Macaroni Grill for a very long time. The waitress was incredibly young and spacy. She put in the wrong order for our table; but you had to feel sorry for her cause the manager yelled at her. Anyone who has been to a Macaroni Grill knows they have an open kitchen; so we could hear everything. The bread wasn't as crusty as it used to be. The calamari was chewy and the batter was gritty. My Pasta Milano had too much rosemary. At the end of the meal, I noticed that our carafe of water had tiny black flakes in it.
1	We walked in to an awful aroma of sewer gas to the hostess podium where we waited more than 5 minutes for the hostess to appear. The restaurant was maybe 1/4 full and looked "slow". I would have left by now but, was meeting friends and had to see this thing thru. We were seated at 5pm in a booth next to a huge party of noisy kids, waited a lifetime for our drinks and my friends white wine was served to her in a water glass. We placed our orders and waited, and waited, and waited! Our dinner landed on the table (1&1/2 hrs later!) at 6:30pm after many apologies from the waiter that the kitchen was behind.I ordered Sea Bass and my friends ordered salmon, shrimp and the other chicken marsala. The salmon was so burnt we could smell it (literally charred), my sea bass was not even sea bass....it was sole so overdone it was fish jerky! My other friends shrimp was supposed to have roasted potatoes on the plate....they weren't there. The only "acceptable" meal was the chicken marsala. It was mediocrity all over the place. I will NEVER go here again. Don't recommend it.They did comp the burnt salmon.....
1	We have always been big Macaroni Grill fans as it is quick and good enough when you want family dining, don't have a reservation for fine dining and they have something to please anyone. We have dined at MG in different parts of the country but probably been to this particular location 10 times. We visited Sunday and it will be our LAST. We went for early dinner (4PM) so there was no one there. Our party was 2 adults, 2 kids. We ordered meals and dinner salads. After ordering, we waited 20 minutes before I got up to ask if the waitress could bring our salads. We could see her going from the kitchen to the bar but never back in the dining room. Here response when I walked to the bar was "the chef is working on them"... it was another 8-10 minutes before we had salads. About 10 minutes later, the waitress brought 1 kids meal - burnt to a crisp chicken fingers that looked like they should not have been served. SO one of our kids was served while the other waited... and waited and waited. Then he got his spaghetti. Another 10 minutes passed and we got our meals. The food was ok but the whole experience was so poor we just wanted out. It took 90 minutes to eat with two 9-yr old boys. We had no drinks, aps or dessert - that is crazy. Never going back!
4	I thought my dinner was delicious today! I had the eggplant quadratini! It was so good and flavorful. When the food came out however it was just warm. I would have liked to have my dinner a lot warmer. For dessert I had the lemon passion fruit cake. It was absolutely yummy. I also had a cup of illy coffee which is always good! Overall a great night with my boyfriend!
2	Enjoyed a fun UYE today to this Romano's today, joined by Masha Z., Arlin B., Mike C., Robyn N., Norm R. and Georgie M!  Although the company was five Stars, I'm sorry to have to report that the restaurant wasn't.     :-(For this first visit, I ordered a Lunch Combination, consisting of Mushroom Soup, Sausage Quadratini and half a Roasted Turkey Sandwich...*  The soup tasted good but was barely warm enough.*  The Sausage Quadratini had just a little bit of the Italian sausage in it, & was mostly macaroni al dente, which for this particular dish is a foofy way of saying it was undercooked and tough.  Also, & the flavor, except for the actual sausage, was completely blah.*  The Roasted Turkey 1/2 Sandwich had just a little bit of turkey (3/16"?), and almost no sauce of any kind on the dry bread.  There was also nothing on the table to put on to dampen it up except Olive Oil, so I used that.  The amount of food for the money was ok, but the food itself and the preparation were weak.  Arlin B. had also joined me for lunch yesterday at an Olive Garden, and we both felt that the food was much better there, as well as 30% less expensive.  I doubt I'll return to a Romano's again.3-Item Combination:  $10
3	We got here right when they opened, so I assumed everything would be fresh. WRONG.The bread was tasty, I can give you that. You also can't mess up oil and ground pepper, so that's a freebie.My noodles were SO. DRY. I got just a very simple Alfredo with shrimp. The shrimp was an extra $4, so I thought I would get my money's worth. What I got instead were 5 quarter sized shrimp, which looked more like beta food or maybe bait for the shrimp that I should have had. The noodles were complely stuck together, and there was only alfredo sauce on the bottome 20% of the bowl -- the rest of it was a starchy, gellatenous, mess. Their $15 wine is tasty, and their tea was tasty, but we were served by their bartender and the service kind of showed through, too.I still like Olive Garden better. At least you get what you pay for. I left here with a $20.00 bill for something I don't think I would have accepted for free.Not impressed.
3	Yesterday was a mistake.We had a Unofficial Yelp Event setup by Phoenix Buffet King Rand H., along with Masha Z., Arlin B., Mike C., Robyn N., Norm R. and myself.  We were early I guess, arriving at Macaroni Grill just after they opened at 11:10.  I couldn't tell if there was any other employees here, because the only one who greeted us was the Bartender. Not a good sign.This foreboding aside, we had a very nice time. One of us bought the table two appetizers, while another a half-priced 1.5 liter bottles of Italian "red" wine. If we stopped there, along with the bread and EVOO, we would have rated Macaroni Grill a lot higher.  BTW, our bartender/ server, order taker, chief bottle washer was outstanding!  Though she looked tired towards the end of our visit, after covering several tables and the bar!I ordered the Lunch Combination "Duo" of Caesar Salad and the Capellini Pomodoro pasta.  Both were very good but pricey at $8.50. The bones of the menu are very good. But it looks like the cost accountants are running the restaurant again.  This was the same problem back when Brinkers (Chili's) tried to increase the margins a few years ago.Let me be specific.  The serving bowls were tiny, tiny, tiny three inch, by three inch ceramics (see photos). So even when you add a delicious, well prepared, flavorful pasta dish, along with a salad in the same size bowl -- how do you charge $8.50? The same pasta dinner comes in a huge bowl for $11.00. So, if this is a business person's lunch, then I probably wouldn't be returning.Sorry!  I guess I was wrong.  The old Macaroni Grill isn't back.
2	I had lunch here with fellow yelpers Robyn N.,Masha Z.,Norm R.,Arlin B., Georgie M and Rand H. Well to start we had some bread brought to are table which was very good but was all gone by the time I got my chicken & mushroom cannolloni.They should have offered more bread when everyone one got there pasta or soup. (minus a star) food was not hot enough (oops there goes another one) service when we were done was very slow and I was still hungry (down to 2 stars) I will stop writing before they run out of stars. (will not return).
3	Back in the east coast, I enjoyed Romano's Macaroni Grill because of the good food in large portions, casual setting, and gracious and fast service.  During the UYE I attended here with fellow yelpers Rand, Mike, Robyn, Georgie, Arlin, and Masha, I found the setting to be just as casual. The person who served us was courteous and friendly but it seemed that she was swamped at the time we were there. We came in at opening time and there were quite a number of tables she had to attend to simultaneously, and though she was very busy, she tried very hard to accommodate everyone. Perhaps the restaurant should have more staff around at that time. As for the food, the portions were not as large as I was accustomed to from back east, but sufficient and it was tasty.
1	One star only because I was with family. Long wait for food, forgot my iced tea you're almost 20 minutes, food was edible solely because I was starving. To top it off the  2 portions of chicken parmigiana for myself and 16 year old son were more of a childrens portion with chicken medallions instead off a patty. This along with an $11 penne with butter and parmigiana came to a ridiculous $50. Never again will I waste time and another cent at this chain.
2	Fair Waiter, VERY long wait for food (a few times we said "hey we got here before they did why did they get their food before us ?). They give you free bread. I pigged out and got the italian nachos - sounds weird but that was the best thing I had.Middle of our dinner was interrupted by the 'entertainment' - a man yelling at the crowd about this italian song and that, then he started singing and wanted everyone to clap. Sorry, I'm just too cool (others may say uptight) to do that. Luckily my back was facing him it wasn't hard to ignore.By the time my food came out I was thoroughly stuffed, so I just ate a few bites and put the rest in a box.The food prices were very reasonable - I'd bet if they charged more nobody would visit, though.Strangely the next day when I ate my leftovers they tasted much, much better. I guess hunger is the best spice!I've been to other Macaroni grills and they just seemed to be better than this place.
3	Service was good, food was well prepared. The prosciutto mac and chees was rally good. Steak was cook to order and very flavorful.
5	Been going here forever... and a day.   I love the ambiance and the smell of a mesquite oven.The pasta meals are fabulous... and the portions way too huge!  ( I usually take 1/2 home.)  Especially deadly is the delicious complimentary bread and olive oil/pepper that come with the table. So fantastic!
2	Had lunch there today with my wife. Two hours after we finished my wife was cramping up and needed a couple of trips to the bathroom. She had the Pollo Caprese which she always has when we visit. The food tasted fine while we were eating it. I had no problems with my meal. Just out of curiosity I googled "Arizona Restaurant Inspections." Well, you will be unpleasantly surprised with the last few write ups. They are ugly!!! So be careful eating there and good luck if you do.
5	Awesome food, awesome price, awesome service. Apparently they're working on revamping the restaurant, bringing in some new staff, and bringing this Macaroni Grille back to where it should be. I talked to the manager for a bit, and he mentioned this location as an awesome spot being in Scottsdale and an opportunity to provide a great experience to customers. Looking forward to coming back many more times!
1	I will never be visiting this Macaroni Grill again. I booked my company's intimate holiday party here, reserved the private room and decided the 4 course meal was perfect for our event. When we arrived, the hostess had no idea that we had a reservation. We were finally taken to the back room where there were 4 individual tables set up to hold 10 people each. I had requested place settings for 20 and hoped to have one large table, but our group had to split up. We sat down to find the full menu in front of us and when I went and spoke to the manager about our condensed 4 course menu, she said they placed the wrong menus down. I already felt upset that I had confirmed this appointment 2 times and it was not put together, but tried not to let it ruin my experience. Our server was all over the place and should NOT have been waiting on a private party. One of our guests had to ask multiple times for an item because it had been continuously forgotten. The delicious bread with oil and pepper everyone is talking about did not happen; we were given bread and there was olive oil bottles on the table, but no plates, no pepper, nothing. We were each suppose to receive an appetizer, instead they brought out one of each kind for the table to share. Overall, the service and "lack of communication" (words from the manager herself) really turned this dinner into an unorganized and stressful night.
1	Went to Macaroni Grill on 12/21 to celebrate my sons 20th birthday.  Arrived and no one was there to greet us.  Waited a few minutes and then the hostess took our name.  Will waiting for our seat, I noticed the women at the To Go stand checking her phone.  Waited about 20 minutes and was seated.  Noticed a whole section that the tables were empty.  Ordered our meal.  My husband and I ordered a Caesar salad with no Caesar dressing and balsamic vinegar on the side. When salads came we received a different salad. Didn't say anything, we just ate it.  We all order whole wheat pasta.  They all came out hard.  Mine was clumpy like you didn't cook it for very long.  Told the waitress and she said that is how they have to cook whole wheat pasta so it won't be mush.  She asked if we wanted another pasta and I asked for regular pasta.  Mine came with my meal.  My son didn't finish his pasta.  My husband, son, and I ordered sausage.  Will I was tasting my pasta, my son ate a piece of the sausage. He looked at the other piece and asked if it was raw.  Clearly it was raw in the middle. I cut mine open and mine was raw.  My husbands was a little pink.  My son asked to see a manager.  In the mean time, the waitress came back and asked if everything was alright.  We showed her the sausage, she apologized and took one plate.  The chef came out and apologized and offered something else.  He offered us shrimp.  We ordered that and also noticed my son did not finish his pasta.  Offered to make another.  We received the shrimp and it was over cooked.  When we received our bill, one dinner was removed.  We paid for our dinner and left.  The manager was at the front door and said good night.  In all my life, I have never returned a meal.  I will not be returning to this restaurant ever again.
1	When arrived out server let us know there was a wait due to a party of 50 and two cooks not showing. As we were not in a hurry we decided to stay. We ordered the tasters menu. Appetizers of fried ravioli was great. Salads were as expected. The main course was disgusting. Potatoes were in a bed of salt, the beef tasted like dog food and the chicken had no seasoning at all. The other issue is my husbands meals would be cold and mine were hot. The worst thing was when I went to the restroom while waiting for the bill. There were two employees cleaning the restroom. They cleaned the last stall, put their things away, and walked out of the restroom without washing their hands. Food can be chalked up to a bad night but there is no excuse for not being clean. Will not go to this place again.
1	Not a great place. Food wasn't good and service kind of sucked! Told the waiter that the food was horrible and all he said was, "So You're Done?". Will not go back!
4	This place has a great happy hour that runs till 7:00 PM and starts again at 9:00PM. $3.00 wine and $5.00 flat bread pizza. Very, very good. Great service. Will be back.
1	Horrible atmosphere, waiters left dirty dishes on one of the three islands/pantry in the middle of the restaurant. (Which is weird enough....that you can see opened very cans of soda and cut up lime and lemons that have been sitting out for who knows how long). Horrible service. Horrible attitude waiters. Would never go back. I am surprised that this chain has not been shut down.
3	It's been a while since I walked through the doors of a Macaroni Grille.  I remember back in the early to mid 90s, this was the only MG in AZ and the wait was three hours and they didn't take reservations.   Those days are long gone.We stopped in for lunch and we were clearly the youngest people in the restaurant - besides the wait staff.  We both opted for the "make your own pasta" and a Bibb Salad with their balsamic vinaigrette.  The salad was delish and the pasta equally delish.    The service was a bit weak, but none the less a great food.Its' sad walking in this place.  It appears to be a dying brand.  Like Hooters and many others we come across.  It's like seeing an old friend wither away.  I remember when this was the new restaurant and kicking the @ss of Olive Garden, but somehow Olive Garden is always packed and Macaroni Grille seems to be circling the drain.    Macaroni Grille's menu appears to be diminishing and missing some items I used to know and love.
4	A wide variety of very good pasta dishes And you can concoct your own with a do-it-yourself menu.Good sauces and so nice house Chianti.
1	Actually walked out of this restaurant after waiting 20 minutes and no servers had even acknowledge we had been seated, and the restaurant wasn't busy at all!  A first for both me and my husband!
1	I give them one star for being open. Other than that...service was horrible, they ran out of the pasta for the dish ordered and a roach measuring almost three inches ran across my friends foot then up the wall behind the wine bottles. The manager just moved us to the table next to where we were sitting. Oh and did I mention the restaurant was empty!  Needless to say I will never go back to this neighborhood restaurant.
1	Chicken milanese(used to be our favorite) was DRY and only cooked on ONE side...brocolini was hard as a rock. We never saw a manager the entire time we were there and the server couldn't have cared less when we pointed out the food wasn't up to par. I emailed them and of course they never bothered to respond.If you want  a fabulous dinner...you might want to go elsewhere
1	The new owners will be closing soon.Food poor at best.Slow service and very few folks eating.It can not survive
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. Bottom line- If I didn't have a $25 gift card, I would have been very disappointed for paying 50 dollars for an "Olive Garden" meal I could have gotten for 25 bucks. Food was OK/good, Wife had eggplant Parm, while I did the Fettucine Alfredo with chicken. Had Calamari as an AP, (OK), and Caprese Salad, also just OK.I don't think I'll go back, as I am a cheap bastard, and if I wanted to splurge, there are much better Italian joints in N. Scottsdale that I like more, that I am willing to fork out 20 bucks a meal for.
1	This place sucks so bad my medium steak was burned to he'll my wife's pasta had a pice of plastic in it I will not go back here if it was freeService was great they kept us ocoupied for 1:30 min before we got our food
1	Food tastes like frozen food.Service was good but delivery of food VERY SLOW (about an hour to get pasta).Manager (Dan) will try to blame you if you have any issue like we did with the slowness of your food.Other than that, it was awesome.
1	We walked in and the manager looked at us three times and walked away. This place is awful. Go elsewhere.
4	Macaroni Grill is yrying so hard to get it right. The spaghetti snd meatballs was truly delicious as was the chicken on a brick and the fish. Gena, the manager snd David our server snswere all our questions snd were bery attentive. The food was a little slow but mor time for our party to converse. Thanks MG. We'll bw back.
3	Food is ok, service not bad. We went out there for a team lunch. The zucchini fritti is good, bruschetta sub-standard, chicken parmegiana looked like an omelette but tasted fairly good. Prices are high like most Italian restaurants. With Italian food being almost like a staple in the United States, why it is so pricey, beats me! I think it is a Highly overrated cuisine. If there are suckers willing to pay, there are always Businesses waiting to pick your pockets!!!
3	So I get to go from here occasionally on my way home.... I order at the bar and have some wine while I wait with a nice male bartender.  No issues.  However, this last time I was told by the female bartender that I had to place my order at the to go counter.  Well that's fine I guess.  However, the poor to go girl is swamped.  It took 15 minutes for me to place my order.  The whole time I am standing there I make eye contact with multiple servers and two managers.   No one comes to this poor girls rescue.  The phone is ringing.  She doesn't have change.  And no help.  When I get back from placing my order... My bartender is indifferent... "Got it all figured out?" She asked.... It's too bad the staff is so apathetic about the convenience of their guests.   The servers here are 100% independent contractors.   Work on the team building and they will give great service overall!  Consistent food, uninvolved managers.
2	Terrible Service... It took a few minutes just to be greeted by the Host.Food was ok...
