4	I had been to a painting party with my friends and thought it was tons of fun, so when another Groupon popped up I bought it for my mom and I to do together. We finally booked our painting party for today at Nacho Daddy's. I actually really enjoy having it located in a restaurant. Easier to order food and get refills. We had a private room and I enjoyed the fact that it wasn't too overbooked. We had plenty of room to spread out and paint. My mom and I ordered some nachos to share. Service from Nacho Daddy's was better than our previous visits, which I was pleased by. Our instructor was very friendly. She wasn't too concerned about details about painting. She gave us basic instructions and let us have a little more free reign to let our creative juices flow. The three hours went by very quickly and it was lots of fun. Next time I will try to pick a painting that is a little less intricate as everyone seemed to have a hard time keeping up with the difficulty level. I was still surprised by how well our paintings came out, but make sure you check out all the options on their web site before booking your appointment. You can pick based on painting. You can book private parties and there are also child's painting parties that are available. Definitely worth it for a nice relaxing outing.
3	4 stars for the painting party itself2 stars for the venueFor the past year, we've seen these painting parties popping up everywhere and finally got a chance to try one out.  It also helped that they were having a Groupon promotion too.Vegas Painting Parties has events at various restaurants.  You can preview their calendar to see what location works best for you and what painting you'll be doing too.  (Their usual spots are Havana Grill, Nacho Daddy, Republic Kitchen and Bar, Violas Tavern, and Streets of New York.)This past Saturday evening, we headed to Nacho Daddy for their Red Umbrella painting party.  They use the private room in the back, so you can come early and order food and drinks.  Your dinner will arrive as you're painting, so that's a nice perk.There were many things happening that made this venue not the most ideal spot for painting.  First off, it's pretty crowded.  Other guests commented that they had been to other painting parties where they just had more space.  I bumped into the Husband a few times while painting and he almost knocked over his water cup.  And my poor easel kept sliding and bumping into the person's canvas directly across from me.  The wait staff had to squeeze through to drop off any food for the painters.  The next problem was the air condition, or lack of.  With about 30 people in the room, it was getting hot in there and the restaurant staff really couldn't do anything about turning up the air condition.  It wasn't until after I suggested leaving the doors open to the main restaurant did we finally get some much needed cooler air into the room.  The third and probably worst problem was the lighting.  We were seated by the windows and initially opened the blinds to get some natural light.  As the sun set, you found our whole row using our cell phone flashlights to paint.  It looked ridiculous and it just was.  We asked the restaurant staff about lighting and the two fixtures behind us that resembled lamps were decorative.  Most of our phones died before the end of class.The class itself was fun and Diane was our instructor.  She was thorough and really did everything step by step.  It was a bit hard to see her at times because of where I was seated.  She did go around with her painting so you could see up close what she did, but the poor lighting didn't help here.The paintbrushes were okay.  There was a lot of highlighting in this particular painting and it was impossible to get our paintbrushes thin enough to make a fine line.  At the end of the night, I realized that my thin paintbrush was actually bigger than some of the others.  So, something to also pay attention for.At the end of the class, they gave away a free painting party class good for two people.  So that was a nice ending.  They also made a point of taking pictures throughout the night and at the end with your final product (if you so desired) so they could post on their facebook site.  This three hour class was utilized to the end, and so I wonder how those two hour painting parties work.  (Someone else mentioned that this particular piece was more complicated than others she's seen, so maybe that's how.)Would we do this again? Sure! It's normally $35 per person, which appears to be the standard going rate around Vegas. I wouldn't do it at this venue again though, maybe a daytime one would be alright.  We're already signed up for another one this week at another company.Erica is the owner and I communicated with her through phone and text. I wasn't able to use my Groupon before it expired and she was flexible with extending the date which I thought was awesome. I was able to book our actual date through text so that made it easy too.  Their classes do fill up, so you definitely need to check their calendar for updates.Suggestion: If you do decide to go to Nacho Daddy for the evening painting class, be sure to get there early and sit in the middle, directly underneath the main light fixture.  This will change your experience completely.
5	Have done this twice now, once as date night and once as a girls night and i cant wait to do it again. Love how its at different locations, has inrroduced us to some great places with great happy hours hours such a fun experience instructors are greathad a Groupon don't know if I would pay full price but would definitely  recommend doing this
5	Friday night April 25th at Violas Tavern was my 2nd Painting Party with Vegas painting parties!!  the first time i went i was very apprehensive, I'm not a painter and was very nervous!!  however there were plenty of knowledgeable assistants to help someone like me that was completely lost my first time!!  I ended up having a great time!   I had soo much fun i couldn't wait to paint again!  So this time i took a friend who had never gone, and she loved it as well!!   we had great happy hour appetizers and sodas, we were very comfortable and again there were plenty of assistants to refill our paints or help with extra guidance if we needed it with your masterpieces!  What an enjoyable way to spend a few hours with a friend or a date!  or even your mom or sister!    Im completely hooked on Vegas Painting Parties!! My only suggestion for them is to have more parties per month to choose from!!   I will say that the lighting at Violas was not the best, and towards the end it was difficult to see the darker colors on the canvas, and it was warm in our room. The plus side of the venue, good service, plenty of room to spread out!! and comfy chairs!!!
5	I have now been twice to Vegas Painting Parties and have a great time at both!  Erica is an awesome instructor with a ton of patience.  She is very helpful.  I will def be back again.  You should try it too!!
5	FABULOUS.  I am not an artist but have painted two pictures that are very good.  ERICA  the owner and instructor is amazing.  She makes painting very simple and fun.  I did a Tuscan scene that looked so complicated and when I finished my painting was great.  Her technique allows you to enjoy the experience of mixing colors simple and easy.  You learn to put paint on the canvas without fear of making a mistake.  I plan yo go back and take my husband with me.  I wish my grand -children lived here since this is an activity I could share with them.  We had our event in an Italian restaurant, Giada's Cucina in Henderson.  The food was very good.  The whole experience was rewarding.  The music in the back ground went along with the theme of the painting.   Just do it as the commercials say.  It gives me more confidence to paint at home.
4	I attended last night with 7 of my co-workers at Nacho Daddy's.  We had a ball!  The instructor was wonderful.  She was patient, professional, very talented and entertaining.  This was my first time and I was not sure what to expect.   She went step by step and told us to have FUN with it.   My co-workers went last month to Fire Fly and had a lot of fun.  Well, count me in, and they did.  It was a really fun night.  Everyone's picture came out different and cool.  However, the room was not cool!!!   The A/C was not working properly and we all felt like we were in a sauna.  The set up was good though and it was a full house.  I can't wait to go again!
5	I love to paint!! My friends and I loved the  paint party !! It was a few of our 2nd time and we plan on coming again!! Our instructor RoCkS!! Not all of my friends are artsy but they loved the end result!! We always end up recruiting more gals to come paint with us. I love this idea of painting w your friends :) just want to say what a great idea for all genders and ages!! Can't wait to paint with Vegas Painting Parties again!!
5	Great time!  I've had 2 parties w/Erica. Our private birthday party was amazing and watching how she incorporated a couples painting along with Singles. My second event was at Nacho Daddy 5/23, I think the fighting fish were a little more difficult than the love birds sunset but it was fun testing my skills. I love these social events & I'm looking at the monthly calendar for my next session.
5	Absolutely loved it! We had such a great time that we booked a Wine & Dine Painting Party as our end of the year get together. Really looking forward to another fun night with friends. Hmmm, I think  I'll book another Paint Party for my birthday this summer!!!!
5	I've gone to several of these parties now. I love all my paintings & always have a great time . Erica is awesome ! She's really kind, helpful, funny & patient. I just recently did a painting that had a ton of detail & a lot of people needed extra time and extra help. She went over an hour to make sure everyone left with a beautiful masterpiece . I highly recommend this company ! They do great paintings at a very reasonable price. Plus they have great deals on groupon very often .I have been to parties at both Nacho Daddy & Havana Grill. Both have great food & drinks. Bloody Mary's are AWESOME at Nacho Daddy & the Mojito's are delicious at Havana Grill. Good times !
5	I absolutely loved the painting class! It was easy for my friends and I to follow along. The food & drinks at Havana Grill were also delicious! I would deff recommend this class to others!! Can't wait to go back soon
5	I have never painted before and was so pleased with the results!  Erica is amazing, and her instructions made it very easy.  It's a great way to have awesome food, wine, and conversation and at the end, come away with something you can be proud of.  I really can't wait to do it again!
5	I am completely new to this painting party night out, but as someone who is less than artistic, Erica helped me to paint something I was very proud to share with others!  I really had fun while painting the medium difficulty patriotic flip flop piece.  The atmosphere was relaxing and I thoroughly enjoyed painting alongside my friend and other very friendly people nearby!  Erica was thorough in communicating the directions, painted so I could not only hear the  instructions, but see her technique as she painted the same project according to her verbal instructions.  With approximately thirty other painters in the private room at Nacho Daddy,  I appreciated having a second artist helping Erica on the floor and both of them answered the couple questions I had about technique and how to improve a particular area on my painting.  Both of them were extremely helpful and came around often to refill paints and provide positive feedback and encouragement.  Erica encouraged creativity for those more adventurous folks and really seemed to enjoy teaching all of us the techniques required for everyone to go home with a one of a kind painting in just a couple short hours. For anyone looking to attend a paint party, I would strongly encourage you to check out Vegas Painting Parties!  I will definitely be going back sometime soon!
5	Vegas Painting Parties is a fantastic night out for friends, families, coworkers or a date night. This was my third painting experience with Erica and she can definitely bring out your inner artist. I have zero artistic ability but the step by step process makes it super easy and fun. I even brought my significant other and he LOVED it! There are a variety of paintings and different locations all over town. If you are looking for something to do that does not involve a trip inside of a casino, Vegas Painting Parties is the activity for you!
5	This is my first time painting with Erica and we had a great time! She was patient and spoke clearly throughout the entire process.  I also found that she has a good sense of humor which made the paint event relaxing and fun.  We had enough paint and time to really work with our canvas.  We will definitely come back!
5	Cocktails, paint and a blank canvas = A great date night with the boyfriend.We had such a blast with Vegas painting parties all we do is talk about the next time were going to do it again,Great for a night out with the boyfriend or a girls night out.
5	Fun time tonight w/Colleen and painting the lipstick. I like that Colleen had glitter to add an extra sparkle to my kisses on the canvas. Good food & happy hour special at Violas Tavern. Will definitely attend another event at this location. Me and my girls friends are trying to attend an event every month. Vegas Painting Parties has the best gallery choices.
5	I went to my first painting and lunch party with Vegas Paintings Parties and it was so fun. Also, the picture we painted was beautiful. Fun!!!
4	I have gone through Vegas Painting Parties for some fun painting events three times now. Each time has been a lot of fun and I have come away with a nice finished piece that I can be proud of. First was a jellyfish scene painted at Streets Of New York in the Centennial area of town. Next came a wave painting at Painted Desert Golf course. Both of those were from the same artist instructor. I think her name is Colleen? Apologies to her if I am mistaken. Whatever her name, she is a lot of fun and gives good clear instructions to the class. She can get going a little fast at times but if you simply ask her to slow down or repeat what she just said she will. Don't let her tattoos intimidate you. Finally, today I went to one more event at The Palm restaurant at the Forum Shops at Ceasars Palace. This time we painted palm trees at sunset. This class was from Erika, the owner I think. It was an easy painting to complete. Simple yet elegant. Erika showed a great deal of patience with all the many questions and people expressing disappointment in their finished art. I would lose my cool but that is why I am not a teacher.Vegas Painting Parties has some of the best paintings to learn that I have seen around the valley. And they encourage people to be different. Every finished work is the sole creation of each artist with a little guidance. Each has its own flare and style. Some display a higher skill than others but all are a personal experience and nobody can take that away. I look forward to seeing what else I can create with them. Each time I do I develop my skills a little more to apply to my own wholly original works.
