2	I wanted this place to be awesome so badly. It's conveniently located and has tons of room, comfortable chairs and free wifi! On the surface, it looks like the kind of place I might lay claim to as my local coffee shop of choice. It could have been a place where i spent hours reading the paper, eating delicious french pastries from the place down the street living out a real life Pittsburgh version of that show Friends. But here's the thing. I ordered a latte and it was bad. Espresso was bad, steamed milk was bad, proportions were bad, the whole thing was just bad. I will go back a couple times to make sure this wasn't a fluke but if there's one thing I cant abide in a coffee shop, it's bad coffee.
3	Perk Me Up is a Lawrenceville staple. The owner has been in the neighborhood from before Lawrenceville was cleaned up to become what you see today. The first time I went she gave me a free cookie for being a new Lawrenceville native. While there I had one of the sandwiches and an iced coffee; both were delicious.The second time I went with my girlfriend after our Joy of Cookie tour and had a coffee. The owner talked to us some more and made us feel at home. She tried to give us another free cookie but we demanded that we pay for it! Every day they have a different dinner special so it's not just a place for a sandwich, a baked good, or a cup of coffee. You can enjoy a home cooked dinner there, too.The thing that draws you back to Perk Me Up is the incredibly grateful, knowledgeable, and of course nice owner and her employees who mirror her sentiment. Perk My Up in my opinion is a Lawrenceville icon and a place to get the newest gossip related to the neighborhood.As far as the coffee sentiment, I agree, it's not the greatest. The latte's are always too hot and burnt and I've never had their actual coffee. I can say that I've recently had their fresh squeezed lemonade and it was delicious.
3	I'd have to agree with the other reviewers with regards to the coffee and the service. Service was AWESOME but the coffee was lacking. Maybe I'm spoiled by the wonderful options in Pittsburgh, but I had to have the boy finish mine. I just wasn't feeling it. The cookies were great though!
5	We love it here. It's like an extension of home. Helen, the owner, is literally the nicest person in the world (or at least Lawrenceville).  The coffee and teas are great and the lunch is good too. Boyfriend comes here every morning for coffee and maybe a triple play cookie (oatmeal+peanut butter+chocolate chip). We both come on weekends to read and drink coffee.
4	A very good and solid choice that is consistent with each purchase.This place is very, VERY friendly and always has solid coffee. The owner is awesome, always accommodating and engaging with everyone in her shop.If you are walking on Butler Street and need a coffee joint to hit up, I would HIGHLY recommend this place. Fun, comforting and quite atmosphere.
4	Friendly doesn't even begin to describe Helen the owner. I come here half for the pastries and half to say hi to Helen. She's always got the good gossip and is a pleasure to talk to. Back to the pastries--- they make some mighty fine ones. The scones are to die for, as are the chocolate chip coconut cookies. The sandwiches are all awesome and that black bean soup... ok I can go on and on. All the other reviews say the coffee isn't spectacular, but it's sure not bad. And if you come in around 9 in the morning like I do, you'll see Helen taking those wonderful blueberry muffins out of their tins which is worth a trip.tldr; the food is the bomb
5	I have had numerous great experiences at this coffee shop.  The owner is always on hand and is very nice.  She makes special drinks for my kids at an affordable price.  The kids love it.  The coffee is good and the pastries are fantastic.  I highly recommend stopping by for a friendly face and good java.
4	This is probably my home base coffee shop. The employees are great, Helen the owner is always talkative and knows the regulars names and even our drinks. The food aint to shabby either. The only downside that needs remedied is the wireless. I love perk me up, but when I have to do work that on the computer the lack of WiFi means I have to go other places. And that is the only reason i didn't give this 5 stars.
5	I love this lil quaint coffee shop!! They bake and make all there good in site coffee is good to!! Staff is great.. Would be even better of they served eggs but hey
