5	Finally one near the house..great food..great customer service..I will be back for sure
5	I was actually surprised when I tried this place.  Some of the best tasting chicken teriyaki I've had in awhile. I suggest everyone gives this place a try.
5	Quick healthy fast food (as long as you stay away from the fried food options) at an affordable price. My favorite Is the Spicy Teriyaki Chicken Bowl :) I've been to other Teriyaki Madness locations and I have to say that the food at this location taste better.  Store is clean and staff are friendly.
5	Best teriyaki in town! Newest location in the Target/Winco shopping area. Super convenient & I like how the parking lot isn't super busy compared to other locations. Everything is fresh & made to order! :) that's what makes it taste AMAZING! Remember they cook it how YOU want don't be afraid to ask for well done meat or sauce on the side, etc.Overall clean restaurant, friendly staff & the food is good! Make sure to try the spicy chicken bowl w/ noodles ;)
5	Highly addictive doesn't even begin to describe this place. I was so glad to see this location open. It's conveniently located right off the 215, on Decatur at the Winco and Target shopping center. The employees are great and inside is always very clean. I did hear a couple of people complaining because of the wait on the food. Um hello, it's fresh and cooked when you order. Each time I've visited,  I get in and out in no time and the food has been amazing each visit. Plus side to the wait, you can be more specific with the food....no sauce, extra sauce,  sauce on the side, meat cooked longer or not as long. You get the drift, it's worth the wait.   To date,  the food has been on point. Chicken Yakisoba is comparable to some of my favorites around town. Yes it's that good. My go to has been the two proteins plate (available on plate only).  It's obviously the best bang for your buck. I'm sure I'll be back....before the weekend is over.
1	My husband and I went to this restaurant and ordered food and then come to find out its all tables with booth seating. Me being over weight I became offended knowing that I was not going to fit in the booth. A lady then tried to give me a chair witch was nice but I turned it down because I am not got to give my money to a restaurant that cannot accommodate everybody.
5	First time to this location. Clean area, good food and great service!! The manager was great and helpful! We are so glad there is a convenient place for us to eat now! Thanks again Dean!!!!
5	I feel like I'm on a roll with these amazing places to eat haha. Had the bowl from this place for dinner the other night. It was awesome. The bowl was a really good size. Way bigger than your panda bowl. The food is great. I had the spicy chicken teriyaki. I wanted more as soon as I was done. I will definitely be taking my friends to Teriyaki Madness in the next few days.
5	The seats are plenty large. The food is made to order, so it takes a few minutes but comes out piping hot! The double meat plate is where it's at, but the spicy chicken is a must. I get a side of the sauce as well.
2	Place is very very clean! People are very nice! Food is fresh! Food is good! Why only 2 stars? I ordered the veggie bowl on white rice, I got a drink and I got a small side of white rice for my boy! It was 14 bucks! Ouch! The amount of veggies was light! A few carrot strands some cabbage some zucchini and onions on a cup of white rice! 5 bucks at most! Now double snout if veggies and I could see 8 bucks for sure! The small white rice must have been 3 bucks which was about a 3rd of cup and a soft drink hey we know that's always a rip! But 14 bucks? It was so yummy I made the same exact thing at home almost everyday this week and haven't come close to spending 14 bucks total!
4	Awesome food and clean place. But it's kinda expensive but I guess you get what you pay for.I love the spicy teriyaki chicken.
3	My first visit being so-so, I decided to give Teriyaki Madness a second try to see if I liked it any better. For me it was still the same so-so experience and I don't get the hype over this place. Inside is very clean and they have plenty of tables to choose from and the booths are spacious which is nice. The employees were very friendly and helpful with going over the menu. Some of the food I ordered was really good and some of it was not so good. I do get coupons in the mail sometimes for BOGO offers, so I can see coming back with a coupon and probably will since the rice and chicken are pretty darn good and I work in the area, but I can't see making a point to come here often. Spicy Chicken Teriyaki Plate ($8.99) - I took the white rice that came with it and mixed it with the chicken. I liked the flavor of the chicken a lot. There was a good portion of both rice and chicken. I'd order this again for sure. Spicy Beef Teriyaki Plate ($9.49) - For an extra $1 this time I chose noodles instead of rice. The noodles were a bit dry and lacked flavor. The beef was tender and tasted good, but I tasted teriyaki flavor and no spice which was a bummer because I had enjoyed the spicy chicken and the chicken actually kick. The overpowering flavor of teriyaki on this one will most likely mean that I will stick to the spicy chicken instead.Chicken Egg Roll ($1.99) - Inside I saw tons of what appeared to be black pepper yet the egg roll really had no flavor. It was filled with a generous amount of chicken, but it was greasy and flavorless. Chicken Pot Stickers ($3.29) - These were a greasy and overcooked mess. On the menu these are described as "crazy good" and I got 5 of them that were crazy greasy and hard. The inside tasted not so great. I will stick to the stickers elsewhere. Stir-Fry Veggies and a Green Salad are each options for sides. The salad came with a sweet dressing that tasted good. The veggies were basic yet tasty and fresh. Orders are made fresh so if you are on a lunch break or crunched for time then call your order in so it's ready or at least being made while you are on your way to pick it up.
2	Less than good here, not terrible, but I see no reason to come back.Chicken yakisoba was really boring.  The chicken had zero flavor, it didn't taste seasoned at all or marinated.  It tasted like a plain grilled chicken thigh.  The noodles were lifeless, no flavor and mushy.  The dish had no flavor.  It was noodles, veg and chicken but nothing else.Ordered an egg roll, it was mushy.  One bite and that was it.  Also, I guy in wheel chair had no place to sit.  This place has 4 rows of booths and no place for a wheel chair.  A little inconsiderate.
5	TMad! Aside from my all time favorite teriyaki spot in LA, Teriyaki Madness is probably my second fave. This location is brand spanking new and much more spacious than most of the restaurants around town. Come try it and you'll fall in love too. The chicken is so tender and tasty. The veggies are delicious too. I've recently been converted to brown rice from a certain someone...so now that's my go-to. ;) The shrimp tempura & edamame are highly recommend also. The yakisoba is just ok. It's a bit too greasy for my taste, I'd pass on that. They also offer low-carb plates and chicken bowls for the kiddos. Glad this place is so close by. We probably eat here about once a week, their catchphrase "Highly Addictive" is very true. Tip: Sign up to receive text alerts for promotions & deals.
4	I love me some Teriyaki Madness! Seriously, I can't get enough of their Spicy Tofu Teriyaki Bowl ($6.99).  The portions are plentiful and the yum factor packs a punch. They're not stingy on their tofu portions either. The tofu is cooked just how I like it and the white rice is always fluffy and moist. I get the spiciest level available, but it's not overpowering or anything (just enough to make my nose runny lol). It's an extra $0.50 to add some "Spicy", but it's so worth it! I also like that you can customize your bowl - you can choose whether you want brown or white rice, veggies or no, etc. The veggies are meh so usually I just get my bowl with rice. The restaurant area is clean and the average wait time is about 5 minutes. They bring your order to the table. Their house teriyaki sauce is delicious! I think I deplete half a bottle on each visit. There's soy sauce and Sriracha  on each table as well. Teriyaki Madness is pretty much my go-to fast food joint. I always get coupons in the mail for them in addition to text offers, so it's reasonable to eat here! On my last visit, a meal for two came to $14.25 after a 20% Off text coupon.
4	Actually better than good, this is the new one across 215 from Costco.  Have eaten several times at Centennial and is also good.    The only problem was when i got home it was the wrong order, chicken vs beef teriyaki.
2	way overpriced and sameri sams is better
