4	This B&N has the largest magazine selection I have ever seen. So many titles I've never heard about before and many UK magazines. The magazine rack goes down the full wall leading from the front to the back. Found many new titles I have never seen before. My rating is all about the magazine selection.
2	WARNING: NO VIDEO SECTION AT THIS STORE!Barnes and Noble is a terrific chain of stores not only because of their superb collection of books of all kinds, but because their movie/music selection is also solid.So why does this store NOT HAVE A VIDEO SECTION!?I went all the way out to this store to take advantage of a Criterion Collection sale the cain was having. Boy, was I in shock to discover they didn't even have a video section at this store.So drive the extra few miles to the Summerlin store instead. Any other store easily rates a "4-out-of-5" rating, but no video section hurts this location.
5	I love this BnN! They have a huge selection and the staff is super nice to help out. Love the kids area too. My 2 yr old was able to "read" his books while I skimmed though  my books peacefully.
4	Good selection of books, including a pretty decent selection of cookbooks. The staff is friendly staff and the store is always clean.
5	i only really come here for the Starbucks and to look around mostly at the magazines and for their air conditioner so maybe i like it for the wrong reasons but its still my favorite place to go on a hot summer day.
4	I was fairly disconsolate when Borders died a few weeks back.  I loved both stores equally, so it wasn't a "Sophie's Choice" sort of decision of which I would want around more.  I never could choose just one.But at least B&N is still around, and this is a very nice store.  Someone else noted that this store doesn't have a video section, which is true, but where stores like Barnes & Noble (and Borders) excels in all things books, their video selection was always unpleasantly overpriced, so I don't think that's too much of a loss, especially when any other store is cheaper in that regard.The layout is nice, with a big cafe area, a decent newsstand, and a surprising amount of board games and puzzles.  They also have ton of classic books for cheap prices, which works for me, as I'm trying to properly read all those things we read in middle and high school without the dread of a requisite book report.  And the layout of the store is organized and easy to navigate.  Someone else noted that the staff is nice, and I'd have to agree with that.Best of all, the shopping center where it's at (Rainbow Promenade) is filled with a number of really nice stores, so it makes for an overall great shopping experience.So while I miss Borders, I still have "my other kid" to go visit.  It's a nice, fully-stocked bookstore, and a perfect way to kill a few hours for an evening.
1	I am very disappointed. The store is very messy and unorganized and for a dying breed, you think they would try a little harder. The only section of this store that seemed to contain any customers was the built in Starbucks and I didn't even see any of their customers with a book in hand. Why would someone pay for a physical book when it can be purchased from the internet for a quarter of the price and requires way less dusting...?
3	I hit up this B&N quite often with my fiance because of his need to look at books pertaining to flight, airplanes, and military warfare. Although he never purchased books here. Only looks through them and then buys them on Amazon once he's decided he actually wants the book. Can't blame him because I do the same thing. Usually I'll snap a pic of a book with my phone so I can add it to my Amazon wishlist later on. On occasion I will actually buy a book if I'm feeling overzealous and I have some extra cash on me at the time.For the most part the store has always been tidy and well set up. I've never been approached by an employee for help, other than the cashiers, who are typically friendly. But the one thing I dislike about B&N is their constant nagging to get the card. Every. Time. I mean come on. Plus I always have to tell them I already receive their email updates each time I buy something here.I do enjoy their cards and stationary selections. On my last visit they had some Parisian themed cards/stationary which I could not resist buying because my wedding has a Paris theme to it. Thing about B&N is the books are always going to be more than buying them on Amazon, but I guess sometimes you just want to go to a bookstore and actually buy a real life book, in your hands, and flip through it before making the final decision to buy. That is something you cannot to on Amazon.
4	I'm not a huge book reader, but when it comes to finding that perfect book this is my place to go. This store is always clean and well organized and the staff is more than helpful. It is also within close proximity to other favorite shopping spots of mine. Also love the fact that there's a Starbuck's inside to meet my caffeine needs.
4	I never thought I'd ever review a book store.  But these are getting harder and harder to find.  With audio books, iTunes, technology, and TV, book stores are no longer a dime a dozen.  I remember the days as a kid sitting in a book store for hours while my parents did their shopping. These were the days where every mall had at least 2 book stores.  You can even say that these book stores acted like a surrogate mother. I just have to give this Barnes and Noble 4 stars because I have never walked out of here unsatisfied.  I'm also amazed that the associates here know their stuff. I can easily use the computers that they have available for us customers.  Simply type in the book or topic of the book you're looking for and Bam!!, it lets you know if it's in stock and where it's located.  And, that's what I usually do when I hit a BAN.  But at this one, everyone working here seems to know where everything is.  Whether it's a calendar, child's book, or a specific sports related book, they know where it is and even how many they have.  All this without even doing a computer search. I am impressed. This B&N also has a cafe that serves Starbucks.  Note that I didn't say they have a Starbucks inside.  If there's one issue that I do have with this B&N, it's their cafe.  It's marketed like a Starbucks, looks like a Starbucks, serves Starbucks, but doesn't accept their Starbucks gift cards. They don't even have some of the Starbucks eats. With all the book stores closing, these stores are getting tougher to find.  That's a shame because a library use to be a place to lose yourself in a good book.  I look at a book store the same way.  Hope this one isn't going away anytime soon.
4	BOOKS! This is my favorite place to go- seriously. I am a book freak and this place is heaven to me. The staff is always very nice, and will go out of their way to find what you want. I once had a girl running around the store and back area to find me a book. You can get books and movies on hold, then pick them up at the counter. The down side, for me, is their paid membership. It's 25$ for one year- and unless you plan on buying at least one book a month, it's not worth it. Though I love them, I don't buy more than a few books a year- if I had the money, then  I would get the membership and go shopping. Cool thing about this place is that they have books that a library doesn't- and you can pick one up, read what you want in the store, and not pay for it. I've done this for essays for school many times, and as long as you don't damage the book the store doesn't care. They even have chairs set out for people who want to read.
5	Excellent Barnes & Noble with plenty of parking.   Very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful staff  --- store is clean and well organized.  Made four separate book purchases over the course of 7 days and never waited in line more than 3 minutes.  (Traveling for work to Vegas, I would stop here after meetings to get a beverage at the cafe, update records on the day and peruse the stacks for new reading material before heading back to the hotel).WiFi signal is strong and it was clear there were a fair number of regulars hanging out including a knitting group one day and a stamping group another.  Kind of love that -- and they were all making purchases at the cafe and store.   Someone in the Cafe was thinking and put in a power strip/surge protector since there are limited outlets --- very helpful.  My one critique is of the Cafe management -- while they put little signs on tables stating the seats are reserved for Cafe customers, they do nothing to enforce it, and often the tables (especially along wall with that surge protector) are filled with people on gadgets who haven't bothered to buy even a small coffee or pastry.  Think this bothers me more as a business owner than as a customer - but it's worth noting.  Saw several customers who brought in their own food/drink and settled into the cafe to work on laptops and iPads. I'm  surprised they allow non-purchased books in the Cafe area --- woman sitting next to me one evening had a stack of 6-7 books from the shelves and was pretty much eating her meal (pasta with a marinara sauce) over them.  As a regular customer of B&N this gave me pause and I will say I thought of it as I was selecting books for purchase ---- will I find marinara sauce stains in the middle of this book??
5	Not that I have many options, seeing as this is all that's left of the big bookstores, but this is currently my favorite bookstore. I love grabbing a cup of coffee and wandering around looking for something to add to my already full bookcases. The store is nice and roomy, and most of it dedicated to books, unlike the store on Charleston, which is 30% kids section, 30% cds and dvds, with the rest left over for the Starbucks and a few lonely bookshelves. That's not the case here. They have a very wide selection of books and magazines, and I always find what I'm looking for here. The staff is also very helpful and friendly. It's not my precious Borders, but it'll do.
4	This is my local B&N and though I usually order books online because it is easier and cheaper I needed a book quickly because I was meeting the author and wanted to get a copy signed. I called my B&N, told them what I was looking for, they found it while I was on the phone, put on hold so, all I had to do was show up at the register pay and go. Now if they could just get the price point at the store in line with the on-line price...I can dream!
4	There is nothing as great as the smell of books. A whole building full of books just delights the sense. Everyone on staff is friendly and they have a wide variety of books to offer. The store is always clean and they have a starbucks inside.
3	Coffee, snacks, books, gets a little loud and crowded and Sundays. I preferred Borders, but they are gone. :( As Barnes and Nobles is the last big bookstore with coffee, and tables, it'll do. I wish they were more consistent with their snacks. The cheesecake usually has a hard crust on it, and the cream puffs come and go. Sigh.
3	I seek out a Barnes and Noble every year for my new pocket calendar and this one didn't fail me! I bought it just after the new year so I scored with 50% off. I do wish there were more locations around though because this one was QUITE out of the way!
4	I've been going to this Barnes and Noble since I was in 8th grade. I love the layout and the atmosphere. I would give it 5 stars but I think their blogging/internet marketing section is very sparse. There are tons of books in this category and I think they have maybe one shelf. I don't mean an entire book case. I mean 1 literal shelf in the entire store.Overall, its worth checking out. The customer service is good. Check it out if you get a chance.
5	Sometimes you just need to go wander around in a bookstore for a few hours right? Maybe a title or cover art will grab you and when you get home you will actually read something instead of watching reruns of keeping up with the Kardashians. What? You won't? Yea probably not...Look I get it- I have Amazon prime. The bookstore is probably going the way of the Dinosaur. Online is cheaper, more convenient blah blah blah. But you know what? I still enjoy shopping around in an actual bookstore looking at titles, judging other people based on their purchase of teen vampire novels, buying overpriced coffee.I get most of my stuff online, but I still try to get at least 1 out of 3 books in an actual store to support them financially so that there will always be a place I can go to kill time between other more important things like getting southwest egg rolls at Chilis and then getting a shake at Which Wich. In terms of book stores though it's not like there is any competition in the area so Barnes and Nobles it is. I don't like that 90% of the store is dedicated to young adult, self improvement, and origami kits but I guess those are just the trends these days. Plus it gives me something to complain about in my snooty voice to any employee unlucky enough to engage me in conversation.
1	I wish I could give a zero star rating. Last night I brought my daughter to Barnes & Nobel to pick out a book. I've been coming to this location since it opened in 2001. In the last year I've noticed the book selection is getting smaller and smaller and the toy selection (and not educational toys) is getting larger and larger. Seriously, toys now occupy 15 - 20% of the store. Rather than go to the children's book area my daughter, naturally, wanted to check out the toys.  What happened to the zen atomosphere of the book store? If I wanted to be around a bunch of screaming kids I'd be at Toys ** Us.I went to share my opinion with the manager. She was very rude and said the toys sell better than the books and that Barnes & Nobel is closing stores that don't sell toys. Books are my thing. I own an iPad, and iPhone, a touch laptop and a Samsung tablet. and guese what? I still prefer to buy the hard books rather than read them on an electronic device.  I love the feel of a book and I love to re-read them. I also spend a minimum of $2,500+ per year on books and magazines.  All at Barnes & Nobel.  But the dumb Barnes & Noble manager could care less. Note to Barnes & Noble - please do a better job training your managers to be more customer friendly. It would also help to hire managers that actually like to read.
4	I live southwest now, but after visiting the Charleston location today... I would definitely make the drive to this location instead. Information desk & cashiers are more friendlier, acknowledge you & offer extra help (ie offering to look it up on their computer).
4	I went into this store with my daughter i really think is organize and the staff know where the books you want are and they'd  even accepted my expire coupon .My daughter got the book she wanted and we walk out very happy ,because we were treated nicely ad got take care of .
