4	Great dinner...portions a bit small but VERY flavorful! Seated us promptly, service was good and environment was comfortable.Additionally both the front of house manager and GM came to our table to see how things were and gave us a box of custom chocolate once they found out it was my birthday.The best touch was that they served sample appetizers to people waiting to be seated...classy.Overall, a must eat at restaurant!
5	I must say it was a great food, nice environment. We went there for my birthday and ordered bang bang shrimps as an appetizer. The manager gave me a box of chocolates as a birthday gift. Overall great experience.
5	My wife and I made reservations for 5pm on a Tuesday. Glad we did, even on a Tuesday. It seemed like 5pm was a perfect time because it sure picked up after that time. You get a 15% off coupon for making reservations right now. Another great thing about 5pm is the fact that it is Happy Hour. Great prices. I had a Makers Mark and coke and my wife had the house wine. I don't know where else you can get a $3 Makers Mark drink.Onto the food. The Thai Coconut Shrimp were amazing. Huge shrimp. Perfect size portion for two people. Highly recommend ordering this. For our entree, I ordered the basil fettuccine with grilled salmon. My wife ordered the lobster Maui Maui (spelled that wrong) on their special menu. I received mine without the salmon and that was corrected immediately but I received a personal apology from the manager. He offered to take care of our appetizer for us and was very gracious for us coming in. The grilled salmon was very tasty!! The pasta was delicious and light. My wife's meal was very good as well. The atmosphere was very nice. I loved the big tables and comfortable chairs. The giant booths looked comfy. We received our bill and not only did he take off the appetizer (which I would of paid ten folds because those shrimp were delicious), he took off my meal for the mishap. I didn't use my coupon because I felt that would be overkill and we absolutely loved our first visit. Won't be the last. There was numerous items I'd like to eat. Customer service was outstanding and as for someone like myself who works in the restaurant business, that was very nice for them to do that and very appreciative.
4	I returned for my second trip in a week with a party of 6. Everyone ordered something different so I had the pleasure of seeing and tasting more dishes. The lobster fried rice is out of this world good! The lobster bisque was fresh and flavorful. This is being said by someone who does not care for lobster and I would certainly order both dishes. I ordered the basil fettucinni with salmon. It had a bit of a citrus flavor. Just a tad bit too much, however, I added some cracked pepper on top to calm down the flavor and it helped. Dish was still great.And of course, the bang bang shrimp were still bangin'! What would make this a 5 star would be adding more to their menu. It's fairly small. That being said, I do think there is a payoff to that which is better quality food with smaller ticket times. Larger menus can make this a bit problematic. Still, adding more variety of seafood, maybe some steaks and one additional kind of burger along with their Kobe burger would be ideal in my opinion. I will be a regular diner.
4	Bonefish Grill is carrying the momentum of their grand opening quite nicely. We showed up around 6:30pm on a busy Friday night and stood at the bar for about 15 minutes before realizing the first-come-first-served bar area includes not just the bar, but the tables to the left of the divider. The entire restaurant is basically half bar area, so it's likely you'll find seats quickly if you show up with a smallish party. The restaurant seemed otherwise really well staffed, but there were just two bartenders serving all thirsty Madisonians in the building. The bar was being slammed with orders, so it took awhile to get our drinks. Incredibly, when she got to us, the bartender who took our order was friendly, warm, and genuinely interested in helping us pick out the right drinks. I didn't expect the extent of her kindness for whatever reason. Maybe she has resting nice face. If that's the case, our waiter also had resting nice face. Everyone we interacted with at Bonefish seemed to genuinely enjoy interacting with customers and care that we had a good experience. This left a really good impression. The menu is a bit pricey, especially for the things they specialize in, but the wood-fired, fresh seafood flavor is worth the setback, at least once in your life. The bang bang shrimp is supposed to be what they're most popular for, outselling all other appetizers combined, but we went with the Thai coconut shrimp because we're rebels. My first bite in, I doubted shrimp could get better than that -- definitely try it if it sounds appealing to you.P.S. When you punch in their address, Google Maps currently takes you about 5 minutes out into the country. We corrected the location but I'm not sure how long until it goes into effect. Drive towards West Towne Mall's JCPenney and you'll see it from the street.
4	Went in on a Friday, wait was about an hour and a half. It was well worth it though. The bar makes fantastic drinks, but it took them a long time to make our drinks after we ordered (waited about 5 minutes). Ordered the Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer, definitely a must order. One of the best apps I have had in a long time. Wait staff in the restaurant was fantastic. Definitely will be going back.
1	I went to Bonefish Grill about a week ago.  The reason for my late review is that I've been sick ever since.  I got the worst case of food poisoning that I've ever had in my life.  I'm talking three to five days of vomiting,chills etc.  The worst!  It was like the never ending hangover.  I will never go back to this place and I only hope they didn't ruin my palate for seafood since I love the stuff. About my food. I ordered the dumplings.  Not bad, not great.  I got a salmon that was so blackened it shrunk into the size of a business card.  Do not...I repeat..do not order the crab fried rice!!!  It is only some fried rice, with a ton of eggs, with a few sprinkles of crab.  Total rip off.  The specials for the night sounded good but the execution just wasnt there.  I'm not sure what is up with the side of what I think is spaghetti squash (plus the seeds, yuk). It looked like an overload of a garnish.  The food was very disappointing and not to mention over priced!  Getting sick as a dog and feeling like I was going to die the first night was just a HUGE slap in the face.  Never again, Bonefish!
1	Terrible bloody mary that took ten minutes to get. Service was slow, watched manager come out and apologize multiple times to dissatisfied customers.  Food was mediocre at best.   Beautiful building and decor is the only thing this place has to offer.
3	This spot was tough. We walked in and were told by the hostess we could wait 45 min and grab a drink by the bar, but not specific seats. As we walked to find a set, a server sat us in the forbidden seats. We were confused, but obliged, and then were ejected from the seats moments later by the hostess again. Working out the kinks.The food was okay. Lobster grilled cheese tasted like a really expensive grilled cheese. Cobb salad was uninspired. Honestly, our experience was more 2 star than 3, but I feel bad since they are new and still getting their feet wet. Not sure we'll be back, but hopefully theyll get things together.
1	Hi, I just ate here for the first time. I found a new restaurant with a lot of bugs to iron out.It's pretty clear that the wait staff are very inexperienced as were the hostesses.The food we ordered was sub par and if not for JD, one of the owners there, I would not have considered ever going back. JD is the right guy to turn the place around so I'm gong to go back in about a month to give it another try. They have only been open for a few weeks and they deserve the time to get it right. I really believe JD will get it done.
2	My boyfriend and I met my parents here for dinner. I was about an hour late and walked in to my parents still having not received drinks. We waited another half hour before flagging down a host who didn't do anything either but apologize. A manager ended up coming over and getting a waitress for us. Almost 2 hours after my parents got there, drinks and appetizers were served. The table next to us also had a really long wait before getting their drinks. This was the case with the tables by the bar and behind us too. The food is great and they tried to make the wait right by offering a free appetizer and drinks, which is the only redeeming quality to this review. With better service, this place would receive 5 stars easily, but if it doesn't improve, this place sadly won't be around for long.EDITED: the check came and they ended up charging us for the "free" appetizer and drinks.
1	I wanted to like this, but was very disappointed.  Reservations for 5:45, didn't get seated until 6:15 & only after talking twice to the hostess.  My Cabernet was served chilled for some reason, service was extremely slow & food was just ok.  Lobster bisque was good & the husbands liked their steaks, but overall presentation & flavors were very "chain-like".
1	Made an online reservation. When we arrived the place was packed. Navigated our way to the hostess and tried to confirm our reservation. The hostess asked if we made the reservation online, and when I said yes, they said that they were having problems with the online reservation service making reservations for their Madison, MS establishment instead (which is what happened) but they said they'd get us right in. Thirty five minutes later we were still waiting. People wandering in after us with no reservation were served first. Thirty five minutes is too long. Sorry. Have no idea what the food tastes like. Better luck next time.
1	We loved the decor, and the food is probably great, but we didn't eat there. We left after 40 minutes of waiting to be seated, even though we had made a reservation. Terrible service and not very friendly hostesses. What a waste of time ... and we'd had such high hopes for this place.
2	Our daughter wanted to go to Bonefish for her birthday. We had reservations on a Sunday evening but still waited for a table for 15 minuets. The only good thing about the evening was the Bang Bang Shrimp appetizers. All 6 of our dinners were average at best. The portions were small and only slightly warm, the service was very slow, and the staff seemed very disorganized. We will continue to visit our locally owned restaurants in the futures, Enough with the chain restaurants already!
5	Very tasty. Had the Ahi Tuna Steak cooked medium. Spectacular. Got the truffle mac for a side and was not disappointed. Waitress had wonderful recommendations for sides and drinks for the ladies.Not a huge tap beer selection but I'm sure they'll get their crap together after demand for them goes up. "Premium" beer list has Spotted Cow, Blue Moon, and one other tap I couldn't remember.No line at 730 on Tuesday night. Will probably be very busy for a while being so new.
2	They did not take our number when ordering take out, so when we got there we were told one of our entrees wasn't available. It took more than 15 minutes for them to then tell us to pick something else off the menu (which was comped). They also gave us a card for a free shrimp app for next time. We waited at the bar for the food to be prepared, which took almost 40 minutes. The bar was half empty and yet it took nearly 15 minutes to get a drink. Everything is very slow and I'm surprised they didn't make it a priority to get the new item out fast. When we got home the rest of the food was obviously stone cold, the food just average tasting and the portions extremely small. Will not be back to say the least. Hope for their sake they figure out how to run the restaurant smoother.
5	What can I say, but what a great place that takes care of their customers!!!Brought wife here for here birthday.  All meals were great but the fish.  Fish was good but ours ended up over powered by the burning wood.  Our fish ended up having a very strong Burnt Wood flavor.  Management found out and bent over backwards to make it right.  They ended up comping our entire meals.   With strong customer service, I will be back.
3	We came here for dinner on Christmas Eve. It was busy, but nothing too crazy. We were told about a thirty minute wait that turned in to an hour. However, we counted at least five tables that were sitting dirty that could have been cleaned off and turned. No big deal though. It was a nice atmosphere and had very nice decor. It took about ten minutes to receive our sangrias (blackberry sangria is delicious!) and a bottled beer from the bar. The beer came without a glass, while other tables who had ordered a bottled beer received a glass, and some of our sangrias came with straws while others did not. Need to get together the consistency of their presentation. The food was good. My salad entree came out as an app, but that was no big deal. I also ordered the coconut shrimp, which was pretty good! I used the dipping sauce from the calamari we ordered as an app, which I prefer over the sweet chili sauce they drizzle on top. Refills on drinks were very hard to come by, and food came out very slowly even though the traffic in the restaurant had died down significantly. No one really checked up on us to see how the food was tasting, and one of the entrees was actually missing a side; which we never received even though the lady who dropped off our food said she would be right back with it. What I thought was weird is every thing that came to the table (drinks, app, entrees, and check) were all delivered by different people. It didn't feel very personable, like we were kind of a community for whoever isn't busy to take care of. I understand this is a newer restaurant within the last month or two, but some of these kinks should be worked out by now. Food was good, but the personable service touch isn't there and everything was waaaay too slow. Now don't get me wrong, everyone was friendly and food tasted good. But if you chose to go here, make sure you have some time to kill and lots to chat about over your empty drinks. :/
4	We have dined at BFG in other cities and were excited to have them here in Madison.  Hint: if you are planning on eating here, make an online reservation. We really enjoyed our meal. Service was very good too.
2	Food was decent, service was horrible.  Bar service was incredibly slow; servers both in the bar area and the dining room seemed like they had never worked in a restaurant before;  they lacked basic service skills; they seemed very uncomfortable waiting on the public. I'll give the restaurant another try in a few months...
4	Went in because I had a free dinner offer from AMEX- will definitely return. Food was fresh and cooked to order. Staff was knowledgeable and pleasant. We were told that the wait for 4 would be close to an hour but we were able to sit at a community table for 4 right away.
3	Quality is fresh and presentation looks nice but it's overpriced for what you get and the wait time to get your food is way too long.
3	Good food. Service is.....not good enough. Eat already few times in this chain - this is my first time in Madison, so I can compare
2	Surprisingly poor service for a well reputed, upper end chain.  Our party of 4 had a reservation and were promptly seated, but waited 30 minutes for the wine. After asking twice, the bottle was delivered and comped. The meals arrived over 1 hour after we were seated.  The food preparation was good although the fish portions were about 1/3 small for the price.  Seafood portions at comparable restaurants are larger at this price point, either locally or per our experience on the east coast. It made me wonder if they were stretching the supply since it was New Year's Eve.  Our server never checked on us after ordering.  Someone else delivered the meals (including an attempt to deliver another table's meal to us). We had to find her to take a dessert order but the one we wanted had been exhausted by then.These service issues were not expected of this chain, which apparently does not have uniform procedures or hiring practices.  Our server did not have basic skills for the job at this level.  We may return in 6-12 months if the reviews improve.
4	Very good food.  Kitchen still seems to be working it out. Ordered entree with lemon butter sauce and had to ask twice for it to come out. Also asked for side on separate plate as one of us is vegetarian and entree was not. They missed it, which is fine, but the awesome bartenders had to go back twice to get it fixed. Good bar.  Awesome ice glass blackberry cocktail.  Great wine list    Good bartenders.  Hopefully they work out a few kinks. We'll go back.  Food overall was very good and priced right.
1	El stinko!They had my favorite wine by the glass. Tasted like it had been open too long. No water brought to table. Had bread with no napkins....waited over an hour for a table in the bar. Waitress not familiar with the menu. Out of Mahi Mahi. Ordered shrimp and scallops...came cold on a warm plate minus the side. Sent it back and it took another 20 minutes to get it. They brought the spaghetti squash on the side and it was still steaming from the microwave. Manager bought us a round of drinks. I've been to Bonefish in Florida. VERY different experience here. I'll give them a couple of months to figure it out and then 1 more try. Bummer that I wasted my gift card here:(
2	We went there a couple of days ago for dinner. The place was fairly busy but we got a nice table soon enough. The ambience and the food presentation was great, however, the service was not good at all. They also took a really long time to prepare our food and then brought out the appetizers and entrees together!! The food tasted alright, however, was not worth the wait.
2	Wasn't anything I would return for.
4	We went there for lunch and were impressed.  Our service was friendly and prompt and the food was good.  I wish they had a larger menu but we were satisfied.
2	Woah I was disappointed. Lets start with the reservations. We made them for 6:30 and finally got out table at 7:05. Lets chalk it up to new restaurant jitters.Got to table took 12 minutes for server to come over and say hi.  Lets chalk it up to new restaurant jitters.We placed our orders and all seemed ok now. Once food arrived my whole fish tasted awesome! yeah had over 25 bones in it. not little ones but big ones. Horrible prep job.  Lets chalk it up to new restaurant jitters.Other food portions were smaller but taste was ok. Not sure value for portion size was quite there but either way ok. Ordered Dessert. Serve who had been asking about dessert since 3 min after entrees were placed dropped of dessert and check at same time which is ok but before I could even get a fork full of dessert was back to collect payment for the check. Seemed kind of rushed but she was very friendly.  Lets chalk it up to new restaurant jitters.So it was ehh but not worth the over $120 check for the 4 of us. (No drinks)I did call at about 9 to inform the manager of our few issues. I kid you not the hostess on the phone said she thought they were to busy to talk to a customer but would check if I really wanted her to. Serious a manager who didnt have time for a guest. I even identified myself and the reason I was calling.  Lets chalk it up to new restaurant jitters.Well with all those new restaurant jitters I am not sure I wish to revisit this chain. I would expect a chain to have a few less issues and to be available to review this type of experience.
