5	Chris is a God-send! Literally! I found him in the church bulletin and went there in need of major auto repairs. My 2002 Chevy Trailblazer has a lot of miles on it and all the original parts are starting to fall apart. He does free diagnostics and doesn't charge a huge labor cost. He doesn't make up problems with your car just to get the business. And if you bring in the parts, he discounts the labor cost. Very fair. Very nice man and his staff is super cool as well. I highly recommend him. I have been super happy with his service.
5	Such a great shop! They never let me down with their attention to details and professional customer service. The owner is a great guy and very friendly.. Definitely recommended.
5	The best and honest auto shop in town! Chris has worked on my Lexus, Ford, and Cadallic. His staff  was friendly and on top of there work. It's hard to find a reasonable honest shop in town I am so greatful to have Chris and his staff to work on my vehicles, they have been able to fix any issue I have had.
5	I have been bringing my 2003 Chevy Tahoe to Chris's Auto for a year and a half now for numerous mechanical reasons.  I have never felt less than 100% satisfied with his work or recommendations.  Chris has even told me in the past when I don' t need work or a certain part.  After living in Las Vegas for 20 years, I have finally found the one true and honest shop where I know I'm not going to get robbed.  Whenever a friend or family member asks if a know a good mechanic, I immediately direct them to Chris.
5	Chris came through for me several times. From my Honda accord coupe to my friend's Toyota corolla he always comes through. Never upsales other services. He suggests what should be done and when its soon to be due with no pressure.
5	I brought my 1994 Geo Prizm to Chris's Auto Service twice (for different issues) in the last year and have been very satisfied with the repairs. Being new to Vegas and trying to extend the life of my 20-year old car without a lot of investment, I appreciated the information Chris shared so that I could decide what repairs had to get done and what was optional. His diagnosis of the problems are spot on. Chris is accessible and repair time is reasonable but he went above and beyond by checking my oil which was low and due for a change AND washed my car making the customer service at Chris's Auto Service outstanding.
