5	A little family gem just a stones throw away from all the lights and traffic on the nations biggest chains.   As soon as we walked in we were offered free cookies and treated like we were valued customers even though it was our first time.   The giant chocolate chip cookies were only a dollar and worth every penny.   The chocolate covered peanut butter ball just melts in your mouth.  It was one of the first of its kind that was actually moist in the middle instead of the usual dry peanut butter middle.  This is no prantils or oakmont bakery just a quaint mom and pop little shop where you would least expect it.  FYI:  Closed on the weekends.THE WEBSITE IS WRONG ABOVE it is the FOLLOWINGwww.nancybsbakery.com
5	Don't let the basement location turn you away. I have on good authority that these cookies have been used to bribe many politicians and developers. The best chocolate chip cookie in the world is a fact. Just don't let that make you forget the snicker doodle. After moving 2,500 miles away I crave these cookies every day. This original only could come out of the Rust Belt. A true urban entrepreneur.
5	I'm really suprised that this place hasn't received more reviews...since these cookies are AWESOME!  I would expect all future reviews to be just as glowing, b/c seriously these chocolate chip cookies are so yummy.  They are what chocolate chip cookies (ccc) were meant to be - the person who invented ccc probably envisioned them to be just as tasty as the way Nancy B's makes them.  This place is challenging to find if you've never been there before and couple that with the construction and it's a freaking treasure hunt - but the treasure is well worth the hunt.  The hours are inconvenient for those of us who work 9-5 during the week, but if you can manage taking a half day this trip will be worth your time.  Also they only take cash so don't forget the greens!  I also recommend (so does the owner) to call ahead for the more popular items such as ccc and snickerdoodles, these sell out fast so if you call in the morning to put in the order they'll have your box waiting for you when you arrive.
5	The best choc chip cookie ever period!!!! Try one and you'll see what I am talking about. Been hook on these for 15 yrs now. The owner and her son are great. Every party I get invited to that not around here they always to pick up a couple dozen. Watch the look on the peoples faces 1st when they open the box and see how big they are. Then watch as they take there first bite and there face lights up again then comes the oooh those are great . Happens everytime!
4	A very hard to find local gem.  The chocolate chip cookies or "chippers" are A-mazing.  I think they have peanut butter in them; they are so damn good.  This bakery is small, and it's a little difficult to find, but it's well worth it.  I was greeted warmly, but upon mentioning that it was my first time here they did not offer me a free cookie (sad face).  I ordered about 1/2 a dozen over the phone.  You have to order the Chocolate Chip cookies in advance, their times are inconvenient, and you have to pay in cash, but the cookie is well worth it :)!  They have other types of cookies but I didn't pay any attention to them :).
5	The best COOKIES EVER.I mean that. I am shocked this place only has five other reviews.Everyone should go here and get themselves some cookies.  The chocolate covered chocolate chip a re delicious.  The building is tiny and oddly located but once you go you'll understand why they are still there after such a long time.
5	Best Chocolate Chip Cookies Ever!The cookies are amazing, be warned however, they contain peanut butter in case that's not your thing.  But that just gives them an amazing flavor.  The other cookies and pastries are delicous as well.  So the location is a little hard to find but that just adds to the appeal.  Anytime I am in there, it's like a revolving door of customers.But go early in the day, when they run out, Nancy closes up shop for the day!
5	Not only are the chocolate chip cookies TO DIE FOR, but the service is impeccable.  I've been in only a handful of times, but the employees there greet me so warmly as if we are old friends.  I don't know if they recognize me or if they are just the nicest people in the world, but every experience in this bakery has been a more than pleasant one.
5	THE BEST chocolate chip cookies in the world!!  Staff is super friendly and everything is yummy.  Cash only.
5	Words cannot describe. The people who own this place are really kind and support our troops avidly. The cookies make you speechless. The chic chip are warm and perfect, but the snickerdoodles and peanut butter are just as good. When i come home to pittsburgh, this is a must. They will deliver via mail too. They are worth any cost.  Nancy B is a beautiful kind and generous person and I'm glad that people like her exist...
5	Warning! Do not come here if you are on a diet! You will not be able to pass up the best cookies on the planet! We were told that Page Dairy Mart uses her cookies, so there you have it- the best ice cream joint uses the best cookies, coincidence? No, the best of the best uses the best! Nancy B's is amazing. She charges $1.25 for her gourmet cookies but these cookies are no ordinary cookies, they are huge and delicious! The price is inexpensive for the product quality and size she offers! The cookies are about 3.5-4 inches wide, and 1/2 inch thick at least. The cookies melt in your mouth. Their soft and decadent taste will leave you wanting more! You don't even need to try it before you buy it! Trust the ratings, Nancy B's cookies are the real deal!
