5	Fantastic Karate Studio. Each of the instructors are very sincere and willing to help students of any skill level. Lots of variety within the classes, a large mix of both kids and adults. Prices are very reasonable compared to other studios. I've tried both the Jiu Jitsu classes as well as the Chun Kuk Do and both are excellent! Highly recommend for anyone looking into martial arts.
5	This place is so awesome! I have been a part of Cox and Gallacher Martial Arts for years and I have loved every minute of it. I have accomplished so many things from this karate program...confidence, discipline, and tons of friends (who have practically become my family!) One thing I particularly enjoy about this studio is the instructors. They all do such a good job at recognizing what I need to work on so I can improve myself and they show me the best way to accomplish it; and they do the same for the other students as well. And they also have amazing self defense and anti-bullying programs too! Highly, highly, highly recommended.
5	I do not personally take classes, but both my wife and child go here and love it.  I spent numerous hours observing as my son started in their 'Little Dragons' program back when he was very young.  I loved the way they played games with the kids that taught them the very basics of self defense without the kids fully realizing all that they were learning.  The instructors do a great job of keeping the kids focused which also really helped my kid improve at school.  My wife is now a blackbelt after several years of hard work.  She loves going and has made lifelong friends there.  Knowing how to properly defend yourself cannot be underestimated in this day and age, especially for young children and women.  If you are in the area at all, come by and observe a few classes to see how things are going.  It's great for the whole family and very rewarding.
5	Love the instructors. Very encouraging. They make everybody feel welcome. I would recommend this class to anyone interested in martial arts.
