3	The D terminal at McCarran Interanational airport is pretty new. You have to take the little shuttle train to get out there, and after that, you have to walk out toward a big atrium and go up a 2 story escalator..Of course you have to pass some ubiquitous slot machines on the way to your gate. This is mostly a United Airlines terminal. It isn't a shopping mall like the main terminal is, but it is less crowded and congested, wnd clean. This Burger King is one of the choices you have to eat out here. There are the usual fast food airport  suspects serving, well, fast food, so  this is as good as any. We have over the past 10 years  traded in airline food for terminal fast food, what with the airlines competing on price and still losing money. And we are spending more time in the terminal than in the plane. Not sure which is better or worse. At least in the terminal, you have a choice of more than chicken or pasta.
3	I normally do not eat fast food, but desperate times call for desperate measures.  I got my whopper with cheese and fries and took it back to my terminal.  The food was fast and hot when I got it.  Tasted pretty good going down, but then again I was starving!  Within 5 minutes of consumption I remembered why I don't eat fast food.  It had nothing to do with this location, fast food just hurts my tum tum.  Also have to mention that it was the only place open in the middle of the week at 8pm.
3	This Burger King is in McCarran, after you pass through security. It's my default meal choice when I'm stranded here.It's tradition for me to have a light lunch or dinner here before flying out (I even impulsively got onion rings here once after arriving in Vegas). Yes, this Burger King is reliable, but the sad truth is that airline food sucks a big fat one. Anyone else notice that this Burger King always seems to be expensive, and it's not just the sales tax talking? (It's not quite price gouging, but it comes close for fast food.) Thank goodness they take credit cards.For many, it's easy to succumb to Burger King's greasy goodness - the other businesses in this terminal don't offer much, anyway - TCBY's, I'm looking at you!
3	I almost feel like I HAVE to review this BK because the only time I eat BK is when I'm at the airport, particularly at this one at McCarran! HA! Don't forget that breakfast only goes til 10am ;)They're pretty good w/ the quickness but it's called fast food for a reason :p  The best part is you'll meet all sorts of interesting people while you're eating here.  Oh Vegas!
1	who wants a 9 dollar whopper meal?!  i do!!!
4	BK is always my favorite fast food joint. Had lunch here before catching my flight to Denver.I ordered the BK Big Fish sandwich - with cheese and onions added. For some reason the BK Big Fish was not listed on the menu - so I asked first.They had three cashiers working the line and they were moving it quickly. And the expediter was cranking out the food to hungry customers rapid-fire.The sandwich must have just come out of the fryer, Hot, crisp, cheese was melted, and oh so damn tasty!
1	There are actually two different BKs at LAS, but this one is sure to have the same apathetic employees and the most overpriced fast food I have EVER purchased as the other location.  Realizing that BK can hit you up one last time, everything here is DOUBLE the normal retail price as back home--wherever your home is.  $9.89 for a regular Chicken combo?  $3.50 for an extra order of fries?OK, so my butt didn't need the extra order of fries, but you guys!!!  I thought the whole point of eating at airport fast food places was so that we could avoid those strangely-named snack shops that used to be in airports 20 years ago.  Like, "Karen's House of Nuts and Pies" or "Ye Olde Sausage Hut."  Anyone remember what it was like in those days before McDonald's was able to push its way in?  Well, thank you BK for showing me that $14.79 is never too much for an abysmal chicken sandwich, medium drink, and two medium fries.
2	For some reason I had a craving for a bk cheeseburger. Maybe it was all the Eclipse commercials. (Team Edward!/team Taylor!)   Either way I entered here on the wrong side and followed the rat maze to the counter. Whopper meals are almost $8! I ordered a cheeseburger for me and chicken tenders and fries for my son plus drinks for a total of almost $16!!!  The burger was fine but the fries were disgusting. I wish they had a USO here.
2	Decided on BK during my stopover in LV. It was the only place that looked appealing during breakfast time. Busy BK and luckily I had time during my layover to head to this side of the terminal. It was a LONG walk... Ordered the egg/cheese/sausage croissant sandwich meal with OJ. It was enough to tie my over for my hour flight. The hash browns were hot and fresh, which I really enjoyed. It was just an arm and a leg to pay for this meal... To be expected...
3	Food isn't any better nor worst than any other burger king. This location, however, is extremely expensive. It costs around $9 for a double whopper.
4	MMMM i love BK! I thought that having this place in the airport was amazing! The prices seem a bit higher though which I really hate but the taste and stuffing was delish!! great time to eat while waiting to board.
1	I realize it's completely pointless to review an airport Burger King, but seriously this was the worst cheeseburger I've had at a BK. I know that customer traffic is spotty so they keep a bunch of burgers in the warmer, but throwing a warmed over hamburger onto a cold bun, plus a slice of cold cheese, plus cold condiments does not make a cheeseburger. And adding french fries that have clearly been sitting around for ages does not sweeten the deal. I will gladly wait for a fresh meal without complaining. Bad Burger King.
2	okay I'm a fan of the BK Lounge, but wow... not at this price.PROS-* BK in the airport... awesome!* super fast speedy service* crispy hash brown... mmm.* condiments and plastic-ware station for customers* cooler with orange juice/ milk/ chocolate milk* clean  CONS-* PRICE !!* No value itemsTIPS-*  If you can avoid eating at the airport, do it because the prices are ridiculous.  I ordered a breakfast combo and an extra orange juice.  The total came up to right under $13.00!* order your fries without salt to assure you get piping hot fries (or hashbrowns) then you can add your own salt at the condiment counter.* if you are at the airport waiting... keep your cup and you can take advantage of their beverage station (free refills)*
1	what kind of a burger king does not serve Chicken Sandwich!!!! This is like the only burger kind ive been so far that only serves one type of chicken sandwich in two style...crispy or grill...whatever happen to the fish or the orignal chicken sandwich? what a disappointment...
3	There are two Burger King's that I generally visit when I'm at the Airport in Vegas.....one in the C Gates area and the other is in the A/B Gate area.  This review is for both of them......They're always busy, so it's not always guaranteed that you can "grab n go" with the food.  The seating area in the C Gate area can also get very busy.....the seating at the other location is usually open because the customers at the A/B Gate location usually get their food and go to their gate since it's at a fork between the 2 gate areas and there's still a 2-3 minute walk to the actual gate.  Keep that in mind if you're planning to grab a bite before your flight.The food is.....well, it's fast food and doesn't taste any different than the locations outside of the airport, just realize the cost is 50% higher.  The service level is decent, not great.Overall, it's a solid place to grab a quick bite and deserves the 3 Star rating in my book.Return Factor - 70%
2	The combos were over priced as in are we in a foreign country which devalues the American Dollar? Oh no, we are in Vegas, and an airport nonetheless. The fries were fresh but tasteless cafeteria style and the dining areas were filthy.Burger was pretty standard.
2	I just don't understand charging 8 or 9 dollars for a breakfast combo.   At least it's quick and consistent.
4	When Spirit airlines is delayed for days, burger king is a savior. I got a whopper at 10:30 PM, and they loaded my bag with all sorts of sauces.this kept me moderately happy for our 3 hour delay until 2AM.a little pricey for a BK, but its the airport. you are trapped with airport prices
3	The food is pricey but so is all the other food in any airport - whether it's a chain restaurant or one you have never heard of.  So I suggest you eat before heading to the airport, when you get to your destination, or you take snacks (just no liquids the airports will make you throw them away, even with an unbroken seal).The location is big and shares it's space with other food vendors.The burger king in terminal C is a little hidden, it's behind the restrooms, shoe shiner, starbucks, and at the very end of the boarded walkway - there's a lot of construction going on.Absolutely no free refills as another yelper posted, there are 2 fountain drink dispensers in the lobby w/a big sticker stating refills $0.79 - maybe if it's crowded and the staff won't notice you but then again it's not worth it.
2	No complaints on food!  The only reason it is getting 2 stars!The PRICE is ridiculous!  $8.99 for a breakfast meal?  Seriously?  Rip off!!   Probably because we were at the airport & hungry with little choices!!I will stick to TX Burger King's where they aren't out to ROB you!
3	It's burger king! If you don't know about it....try it. Their Burgers are good but their milkshakes are better! Try a milkshake! Then go play slot machines!
2	Pricey fast-crap served by rude people. The food was sub-par (even for Burger King) and cold when I received it. If it wasn't for the pure convenience, it would get a 1 star.
1	I hate Burger Kind in general so this might be a biased review, but I'm always disappointed at how much flavoring they must use on their meat and how many chemicals they mist put into their fries to make it seem like they have charbroiled burgers [because obviously they're not] and thick cut fries [because, obviously, they're not]. Their spicy chicken sandwich is pretty good but at what cost? I always wonder how much of their chicken is really chicken as well so I refrain to even indulge in that whether or not I'm in a hurry.
5	Turns out, you can have it your way. What a place!
2	I needed a quick dinner in during my stopover so I raced to my usual fast food at McCarran.I ordered the Whopper Jr combo ($8), of which is the most inexpensive combo meal available.= HIGHWAY ROBBERY.....
3	Over priced but the croissants are great. The combo meal was almost $9 partially because they make you purchase the large drink. I guess overall it's cheaper and better than buying snacks, sandwich, etc on the plane.
1	Shockingly rude service from one of the girls here and very overpriced. Good burger though as its BK. This BK is airside at T2.
4	As I was on my way to the gate but my tummy made me veer left and hit up BK. The service was outstanding this late at night. I was helped by two pretty girls and they seemed to enjoy what they do. If your having fun with your job and are more than happy to answer questions, heck even ask a few, you earn a 4 star rating. I ordered a Chicken Tendercrisp Sandwich Grilled with no mayo. It took a few mins for my order but I could tell it was freshly made. The sandwich had two warm buns, a piece of grilled chicken topped with a red tomato and some green lettuce. Pricing was not an issue as I expected this to be more than what you would normally pay. Maybe I caught them on a good day, either way the sandwich was great. If I'm in this neck of the woods my next flight I'll definitely stop by again.
3	It's an airport Burger King, what am I supposed to say about it. I know, why don't I take pictures of the food, because that's just helpful as f**k. I was wavering on giving them a 2 or a 3, but went with the 3 because I was changing planes at 9:45 p.m. and had about 4 minutes to wolf down some food, and they came through. Half the shops and restaurants were closed at that hour too, but this is one of the ones that stayed open, so props to them.Of course it's expensive, genius. It's the airport.
2	I try not to have high expectations for fast food joints, so I can only judge on the customer service experience and the price.  My cashier was rude and really made me feel like I was an idiot for requesting an ICEE instead of a fountain drink.  He kept saying, the fountain drink is included in the combo and I will have to charge you additionally for the the ICEE. Sir, who cares? If I asked for an ICEE, give me my ICEE!! Why are you try to pinch my pennies?? In a state of confusion, I took the fountain drink cup and then realized that he really did NOT give me my ICEE! I went back to the counter to let him know that I still wanted my ICEE.  He said, "Ma'am, I told you that was extra money, the fountain drink is already included."  Huh? Where is my ICEE?? Are you even going to ring it up?In short, I ate my combo without an ICEE because my cashier refused to ring me up for it.  I guess, he just thought was would be a waste of my money to purchase an extra drink when one was already included.Even for an airport, the prices are crazy.  You are looking at $10 for a combo meal.  Seriously?!?I still want my ICEE!!!
1	On my way back from vegas, i thought of having a quick lunch at this burger king located within airport premises. I ordered a burger. First it around 20 minutes for them to serve it, ridiculously long for a fast food joint located at airport, with around 8 people staffsize, but to add to a misery, the burger served was with burned buns and yes!..the buns were charred black from inside!! Didnt get a chance to raise my concern with the outlet manager since i was running late to board my flight. But overall it was the worst possible burger experience i had till date. Would NOT recommend this place to anyone..
1	If you're leaving Vegas, know that this is the very last time you will have to shell out an ungodly amount of money for pure crap. We just wanted a nice refreshing soda with ice and a straw to sooth our yucky tummies. Little did I know that two small sodas would cost $6.25. $6.25!!!!!!!What a gigantic rip off. Complete usuary. Eff you, BK.
5	One of the best Whoppers with cheese I've had in a long time!
1	Worst location in entire country. A Dbl Whopper Meal & 3-pc Chicken Strips, $17.502 people in line and it takes 12 minutes to get an order?Chicken Strips had been re-heated at least 3 times. Asked for sauce to smother the leather, was told Id have to pay extra. Threw one on the floor and it sounded like a golf ball bouncing.
1	The employees are honestly the worst I've seen at any fast food restaurant. You're in an airport, so you would expect fast service. They're lazy and not at all polite. Also the soda machine was totally out of order, yet they were still charging people for combo meals.I'm not one to pick on fast food restaurants, but this one is as bad as it gets. There aren't a lot of options at McCaren, but you might want to try anything else. Also your standard combo meal is over $10. Rarely will you see that at one of the big burger chains, even at an airport.
3	It's just another Burger King. Seating is combined with sbarro pizza next door. There is not enough seating space at most times as I have been here several times. Tables are often dirty and no one goes around often to clean. The menu selection has less items than regular burger kings and prices are higher than regular burger kings.If you are in hurry it provides a quick option for grab and go.
1	Airport food is airport food, not the best and kind of expensive. But when your here you have no choice. Went cause I was craving a whopper. But as soon as I got there I should have stopped and turned back around to look for something else. There was a man infront of me who had complained about his burger, I should have token that as a sign. But no. I ordered a whopper with extra onions (which is $1 extra)  and went my gate . Which was a pretty far walk from their only Burger King location. Take a bite of it and its cold and only find two slices of onion. I was really upset because I had to pay extra for it. And also, who doesn't put any pickles in a burger. If your burger on the screen is advertised with pickles, I'm sure it needed to have pickles. Never again will I go there. I will happily walk myself to the E gates to get Carl's jr.
1	Over $23 dollars for 2 "value" meals and both my husband and I got sick. Don't waste your money or ruin your health.
