3	Like Ashley H. mentioned, for a candy shop, It'sugar isn't all that impressive in terms of the different options available. However, I had walked into the store previously just to look around, and then gone back later with the sole intention of buying some sour gummies, so I wasn't too disappointed in the available selection. I'm not usually a fan of paying for candy by the pound, but to satisfy an acute sweet tooth, It'sugar does the job.
5	Love this place!!! It has great selection and it is not nearly as expensive as many other candy stores.. I love the student discount they have. I wish they would start a rewards program! The people are really friendly as well :)
2	Like other reviews mentioned, selection is not amazing.  For example, I glanced at the jelly bellies and thought they were about $6.50 a pound, so I got a bag.  Turns out that was for a half pound-won't be back to make that mistake again!  Honestly just go to Woodmans.
3	This place is cute and filled with candy...how could you not love this place?!However, the store is pretty small and though they have A LOT of candy, there isn't much variety. On the day that my husband and I went, they were having a mix and match sale which was pretty cool. The prices are average and the employees are EXTREMELY nice...so nice that you want to politely ask them if they are "on something". Meh.
4	I've resisted coming into it'sugar because I have a weakness for sweets. And cute things. But I thought I might find some grumpy cat merchandise/Christmas cards, so I braved the scene. Maybe I shouldn't have. I feel like I was Charlie in Willy Wonka land. Or maybe more like the fat boy. I WANT A PIECE OF EVERYTHING. Ok. I am not impressed by the giant packages of US Chocolate brands like Reese's, nerds etc. BUT they have all these cute merchandise!!! The Japanese candy?! Erm. There's. Green tea Oreo here everyone!!!! And the newest fad - making candy sushi or donuts!!! I can't believe I'll have a chance finding it in Madison. So yes, hurray for japanese merchandise and hello kitty, Star Wars jelly bellies. And I thought the soft toys of name brand candies/chocolates were great! It'sugar is probably a weak spot for me but now I know where to stop by before visiting my nieces and nephews for holidays/birthdays etc!! Or maybe when I need a little boost.
