3	One of the upsides of seeing a club/lounge at a preview is that you have the opportunity to see the space at it's best: Just furnished, that subtle nervousness in the air, even with an occasional comp'd open bar, and brand new staff.  (We could smell the paint on the walls!)  This is the perfect time to do a review of this latest in the chain of lounge/club properties of Hyde, a venue owned by the SBE group offers, what they claim, is the ultimate in "exclusive socializing."  I'm not quite sure what that is but the crowd was a mixed group for the Preview Night on December 29th to select groups, VIPs, and then some.First of all, Hyde Lounge isn't completely sure what it wants to be.  The decor is a cream/black/chrome color scheme that works on a basic level.  It's not dazzling, but it's simple and offers rows of books, artifacts, and glitzy jewelery in little alcoves, shelves, and small rooms.  (I don't know if this is going to make way or is in fact a very simple boutique type thought put into the club, but it would work well with the concept they're working.)  This is a -lounge- and I don't know if this was for the preview, (which I'm questioning as Paul Oakenfold is slated to be the New Year's Eve guest DJ) but it had a dance floor and was jamming like a -club.-  While I could go on and on about how Vegas has very much killed the term "ultra-club" by adding chrome and mirrors and about twenty yards of sheer fabrics as well as 9x9 foot space that they purport to be a dance floor everywhere to signify this space, this is pretty much your standard fare of said term.  While it was -nice-, it wasn't mindblowing or really anything new.What IS to be applauded is the completely open-air, gorgeous windows to the fountain show and Lake Bellagio.  If you are going to Hyde, PLEASE get there before midnight to catch the fountain show from the back.  It's a gorgeous view and something that is truly special.  Also, having DJ88 is to be applauded, as well.  Having a local, talented DJ who had some terrific jams going on, (Work it out girl!), is just awesome.  The "dance floor" is abstract, as once it thinned out a bit, it was manageable but it's hardly fit for the ratio of booths vs. space on the dance floor, etc.The entrance/exit flow had a LOT of people confused.  There needs to be more signage for individuals to figure out how to get out.  Those in search of the egress were heading to the entrance to be pointed in the completely opposite direction.  Not clear signage.  Watched a group of people at the door, who were PROMISED entry into the club by Bellagio President, Randy Morton, get told the club was at capacity and had ten minutes until closing to go away while they let the wreck of a "DJ" Pauly D waltz in with his equally garish entourage.  Thanks, bouncers, you're an outstanding bunch.  (Although I will say inside the club, one on one, staff was very friendly including security.  No one hassled me for hanging out by the entrance, waiting for friends to get in.  While the crowd was very mixed (ranging from a guy in a zoot-suit, to guys in t-shirts/jeans, to a guy with his hair in Pippi Longstocking-esque braids), I'm curious as to if the lounge will keep it's doors open to such a wide range of styles or if it will go back to the standard fare of normal club fare.  I'd be thrilled if it went for welcoming over-the top artisan styles, but we'll see.  The bottom line is that I'm a little sad because before this was the Fontana Club, which offered live bands on a stage, a beautiful patio to sit and drink while watching the fountains, and it was very classic Vegas.  Ultra-lounges are a dime a dozen at a myriad of properties and frankly, this one offers nothing new:  It is a desperate move to pull more money in and it's attracting a crowd that isn't very Bellagio nor what Wynn would have allowed on his property.  But go ahead, MGM, continue to turn the Bellagio into another typical casino, one space at a time.  The next space is a Light Group lounge, Bloom?  Fantastic.  Can't wait for the obnoxious bouncers, velvet ropes, booming music, and pretentious atmosphere.Will this be here five years from now?  Who knows.  Clubs and lounges come and go in Vegas.  Only the evolving and the strong stay.
4	Friend got a table here the day before their grand opening aka Eve of NYE.Ya daaayuuum skimpy I was bout to start my NYE wknd at one of Vegas' new clubs. Especially since it wasn't, officially, open...so, it wasn't going to be packed to the rim with ppl.I immediately fell in love with the view our table had. We were right by the window and had a spectacular view of the Bellagio fountains, Paris, and Planet Hollywood. It was sooooo beautiful that I didn't mind the fact that I was kinda of freezing my ass off. Lets face it; I was, practiacally, wearing nothing =) lolPlace was small but, it's a lounge so it's to be expected.I was just excited to check out a new spot on the Strip! Music was on point (hip hop/top 40, of course!!!!!)And from what I remembered and piecing things together with friends: I had the time of my life!!!!!!! hahhahaaHAPPY NEW YEAR'S ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
5	Brand new lounge in the Bellagio -Went for a drink here before dinner.  Beautiful space/great design by Phillipe Starck - slightly reminds me of the Delano in South Beach with the white drapes & groovy decor.   The view of the Bellagio fountains is amazing from this level... a totally different experience than viewing from street level.  Great drink menu.  Loved the watermelon-cucumber margarita.  I wish the menu was a little bigger (yes it's a lounge, not a restaurant, but a few more items would have been nice to see)In spite of one of the waitresses standing just behind us without moving for a good portion of the time & looking eerily like an Oscar in her  shiny gold supertight super mini dress, the rest of the staff was great- good service.  I'd happily pay $18 for a margarita here to enjoy the view & the atmosphere again any time...
4	I'm not a big fan of Vegas and I'm especially not a big fan of clubs, but I have spent years and years in both so I have a lot of nightlife experience. I was hesitant to spend my New Years in Vegas but decided to go along with my girlfriends. We were invited to the opening of Hyde and had many different friends with tables. I was expecting everyone and their mom to be there, so was really planning on being pushed and shoved in a sweaty crowd. It was not like that at all! It was very spacious and had an awesome layout. I spent some time at a table by the DJ, which was a very crazy group but really enjoyed my time sitting at the table that overlooks the Bellagio fountains. It is definitely my favorite place to now sit in Vegas... so much that I spent the next day and evening there. I love the clear walls and the club's location. SBE did a great job this time. I will definitely be back this summer for my friend's bachelorette party.
5	This place is the best. The vibe (and crowd) is posh and witty and cosmopolitan. And the intimate, more tasteful dance floor here trumps xs's. High points: the very pimp bathroom setup(everything you could ever need during a night out), tastefully adorned staff(including sexy girl reading-lol) and helicopter towel dude. Friends and I did champagne but there's also a mix-your-own vodka option that looked really cool(ppl. beside us tried it and were... having a rather good time, lol). Amazing view, Music, Service(table service here on Friday club nights is impeccable... and right beside the fountains!). Again, table service here: Fabulous. Everything here is setup so perfectly. So this place now joins club nikki and xs as a friday night fave. I'll have to check it out on a regular club night. Definitely make reservations for fridays.
3	I should preface this by saying I'm not much of a nightclub sort of person. I don't like club dancing, I don't like smoke, I don't like seeing the bedazzled vajeens of girls in too-short skirts. But, I do like cocktails, people watching and Dita Von Teese.We went out to see Dita perform this past Saturday. I'd read a tweet that Dita was going to be in town, so I followed the link to the Hyde website and purchased tickets to see her perform at $50/person. The website time stated 9pm and didn't really explain the venue or seating. You were just able to buy a table or individual tickets, so I assumed we'd be able to sit at the bar or at cocktail tables or something.So I bought two individual tickets (no table) online and the time was marked 10pm. I found that odd, so the next day, I called Hyde to confirm -- they said yes, it started at 10pm and that they'd look into the situation with the website.Fine, fine.  SO... cut to Saturday, we're excited to be seeing Dita's show at Hyde (which is new and we had no idea was a nightclub)... until we see Dita tweet that she would be doing a "cameo appearance" at midnight for her champagne glass act.  Record scratch.Maybe it's normal in Vegas for people to pay $50 a head to get into a dance club, but I'm going to guess for regular folk like me who is local, but isn't a native Nevadan or a sucker tourist, that's a bit steep.  I am totally fine with $50 to see a show, but $50 to STAND for 2 hours and get elbowed by strangers with too much cologne is a bit much. I think their marketing could've used some work here. If it had been made clear that this was a nightclub -- like a bachelorette party/stiletto heels/bromance/velvet rope kind of nightclub, I probably wouldn't have bought the tickets.  It gave the impression on their website that it was a lounge and that this would be a private event/show for which you bought tickets and saw a performance.It was really more of a "Hey, pay a huge cover get into our club and you could see someone famous for 10 minutes." like when you see Carmen Electra will be at Pure on some billboard off the 15.  That's what it boiled down to.  I love, love Dita, but I would've seen her in a different venue.THAT SAID... we were standing really close, so we did get a great view of her, tassles n' all, even if it was for only 10 minutes.PROS:  Amazing view of the Bellagio Fountains -- seriously spectacular. The staff was VERY nice -- everyone from the bouncers to the bartenders, very accommodating and helpful and not condescending in the slightest (which I admit, I expected, since this is clearly a high-end dance club full of beautiful people -- I pre-judged).  No one made us feel like we didn't belong there except maybe us. The decor is beautiful as well -- and from what I understand, they are open as a lounge from 5pm to 10pm so you totally can visit here when it's not all oonce-oonce-oonce-oonce.CONS: Aside from the marketing miscommunication, the only con I had was the one drink I ordered. I ordered a Cosmo and it tasted like pink lemonade from concentrate. In fact, I'm fairly certain is was made with lemonade. I tasted no alcohol in it at all, so I didn't bother getting another at $14. (My boyfriend ordered a Jack n' Coke -- also $14. How does that work?)I would consider going again, this time during the cocktail hours. The outside patio and view of the fountains really is worth it, even for just one drink.  I'd like to try their beverages when it's not Night at the Roxbury.
5	I enjoyed every minute of this place. I went last Saturday March 14th for a friend's birthday party. Our cocktail waitress was Amber Miller. If you get table service, I highly recommend her. The music was fantastic, the crowd was jamming and the there are like 10 bathrooms just for the girls. I  really had a great time. The performance by Dita Von Teese was remarkable. I usually leave Las Vetgas nightclubs by 3. I was dancing so hard that when I finally looked at the time....it was 4:30am. Best nightclub in vegas for sure!
4	For a Vegas club, it's a small and intimate affair when compared to Marquee, XS, etc. But that makes total sense as the original Hyde in LA is extremely, extremely small. This place is about having a table as most of the square footage is for tables and there's a very small dance floor. Loved the view of the Bellagio fountains and Paris across the street as you party away in Vegas. I absolutely loved the DJ as he kept the energy up all night.
3	Very nice lounge with great interior and a front row view of the Bellagio water show. Started out thinking a 5 star yelp review but the service brought it way down. Our server was barely around and seemed to almost forget about us. Would give it one more try.
5	So far, so good. Friendly staff, great decor, good music, nice ambiance (cool mix of people), and free drink tickets. Had heard a number of rumors about the venue; however, I wanted to experience it for myself first. If you want an awesome view of the fountains, try coming early. When we got here the tables overlooking the fountains were booked and full so we couldn't really see, but from what I could see, the view is spectacular. Will definitely be back and hopefully next time nice and early.
5	Pros: Spectacular view of the Bellagio fountains. Seamless indoor/outdoor transitions and design feels as if you are in an old mansion that was redone with modern design touches that ignite the senses of perception. The staff, including security, is super friendly. Cons: Table service style, not a lot of room or seating unless you buy a table. Cocktails: If you drink jack & coke, you may find the prices steep. If you enjoy well prepared classics like Old Fashioned and Moscow Mule or original concepts like Caribbean Snowflake (a blend of Cruzan single-barrel rum, allspice liqueur, bitters, lime and grapefruit juices with whipped egg white and a silver flake) you will def enjoy Hyde's menu.
4	BEAUTIFUL!What a great setting to have a drink and enjoy the Bellagio fountain show.Went here with a couple friends before the O show.... so we were here before it turned into a nightclub.We were quickly sat at a lovely booth up where we could see the water.Now... I wish they had some outdoor heaters because on a February evening... this open air lounge was COLD!  Good thing I had a cape to fold around me and keep the chill away.The service was very good... not stuffy or pretentious.  Everyone was very nice and wanted to make sure that you had what you wanted but didn't bother you every 5 minutes.I highly recommend their signature margarita... I think it was called a cucumber watermelon margarita.  Refreshing ... a tad sweet yet strong.  I could drink these all night... good thing we were headed for O.The food (tapas) available are fairly limited.... there's maybe a 1/2 dozen things to choose from.  Do not go here to eat... but their nibbles are tasty.We enjoyed the salmon flatbread, kobe sliders, pork belly sandwiches and potato chips.  (Yes, the "potato crisps" were "potato chips"... but fancy ones with dipping sauce.)All were very tasty but the sliders and sandwiches were tad on the greasy side.... which ... now that I think of it.... is perfect for when you are drinking.  I especially liked the salmon flatbread .... light and not too fishy.Will totally be back to enjoy a drink and the view of the strip and fountain show!  :)
1	My wife and her girlfriends had reservations to get in and were told that their name was not on the list.  This was on the night that they were celebrating a friend's 40th birthday party.  I understand that glitches can happen, but as I understand, the staff was completely unpleasent.  My wife and her friends, who were staying in the Penthouse of the Ballagio said that everything else in the Hotel was fabulous.My wife and her friends went to the Sugar Factory, where they were treated like Royalty.This occurred on February 4th, 2012
4	Pretty cool place for dancing. The bartenders are quick and very professional, they can make you any cocktail you can only imagine. Like the patio area with Paris view. Had an amazing time with my girlfriend.
5	Hyde is the perfect antidote for the giant nightclubs like Tao where you are herded around like cattle.  Hyde is intimate, yet crazy.  You get all the energy of a megaclub, but with the treatment you would expect at a Bellagio establishment.  And never before in my life have I have never seen so many beautiful girls together in one place at one time.
4	As we were told this club is fairly new. It opened new years eve I believe. We met a promoter on our way to go to Marquee and he convinced us to go to this club. Us girls are suckers for free drinks. We got there and walked right in. We were able to get 2 free drinks each. there were just enough people. It was not packed like the other clubs we went to. We were able to get our drinks quickly. The bartender was even able to recommend something for me since I don't like the taste of alcohol.My friend freaking dropped her drink. LAME! and the security guards hopped on it and pushed it to the side.The gogo dancers were wearing masks so I don't know if they were cute or not. One of them had a nice ass though!
4	Hyde is a cool bar and lounge that even a crabby, old, club-hating guy like me can enjoy. They brought out the big guns to design the interior. Philippe Starck, the firm that did Bazaar and Katsuya in LA, did a wonderful job creating an intimate, inviting, and sexy atmosphere. Plus, you can't go wrong with a patio that overlooks the Bellagio fountains.Between 5 and 10 it's a lounge. There were several places to sit, chill and grab a drink. The specialty cocktails are $18 (it is the Bellagio afterall so you know it isn't gonna be cheap) and the three I tried were all amazing. Their version of a Moscow Mule was the best of the bunch.At 10 the place turns into a club -- DJ, table service, etc, etc. But, there's actually room to dance and walk around, unlike other clubs. The specialty cocktail menu goes bye bye, but the bartenders will be somewhat happy to make whatever you want. The waitresses are all hot and wear freaky masks (think V for Vendetta... or maybe that changes nightly?). It makes for a good show.
4	There is no where to Hyde! Actually there is... Behind the mysterious masks those waitresses and dancers wear, there is this mystique aura in the venue as you see these women walking around behind the mask. I want to THANK whoever came up with this idea.Now, what makes this place "the new lounge" to be in is its location. Found inside the gorgeous Bellagio, right in the center of it all facing the Bellagio Fountains.If you are on a budget this might be a bit expensive but it's definitely a place to check out. Oh, I still want to find out who is that girl behind the mask, I'm intrigued! haha
5	Stayed at the Bellagio during a recent trip....was my sister's first visit to Vegas, and I wanted to do some fun, fresh activities. Decided to stop in at Hyde before dinner. Checked in with the Hostess out front who was friendly, accommodating, and very helpful, she showed us in and let us pick our seat. Quickly, our server, Crystal was greeting us like she'd been waiting all night for us to come in. The menu was fascinating, and once we ordered, the drinks arrived very quickly. Words cannot describe the flavor! I had the love unit, which was quite possibly the best drink I've ever tasted, and my sister had the old fashioned, which was a unique spin on an original classic. Absolutely fantastic! I cannot wait to go back.
4	Glad to see the craft cocktail trend is growing on the strip.  Places like the Chandelier Bar are no longer alone in creating great artisanal drinks for you.  Hyde is a little different, though.  It's a lounge up until 10, when it becomes a club - DJ, table service, you know the drill.  Being inside the Bellagio, it's a given that this place, as well as the staff and the patrons, would be gorgeous.The cocktail list is strong and versatile.  Any liquor you want to sample is showcased in one of their drinks.  As others have stated, I wouldn't come here to order rum and cokes, as it costs major $$$.  I'd select one of the classic cocktails they have on their list.  Their take on an Old Fashioned was pretty good.  Or if you enjoy ordering non-menu items like drink snobs such as Matt L., they are more than happy to create a drink tailored to your interests or their talents.   They have a bellini cart that is wheeled around if you enjoy sipping those; I, however, found myself highly intrigued by the liquid nitrogen cable car.  After I ordered it, the bartender wheeled a mobile bar/cart to the patron side of the bar.  There, she created my drink "tableside" (although I was sitting at the bar).  The exhibition was nice, as the creation/presentation of the cocktail was impressive.  The drink is actually more like eating a sorbet, and gives you a pretty sweet and quick freezer burn at first touch.Also, if you're not a fan of standing outside to wait for the fountain show when it's "cold", Hyde offers the absolute best views of the fountains.  Come here for - 1. friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable bartenders and waitstaff that know their ish2. awesome people-watching, not to mention the views of the fountains3. excellent drinks
2	Got a table and was practically on top of crazy loud speakers. Every time I moved from my table I was approached and begged by the staff to go to some old geezers table. I felt like I had to stay at my table to avoid being harassed and convinced that grampa is nice so go drink with him! Yuck! I won't be coming back .. The view of the fountain isn't enough to make the place worth it.
4	We got the hook up to get in VIP here ... OR chances are we may not have ... The line was out the door beyond velvet, beyond velvet rope. The concept is unique. The club is amazing and as a view of the Bellagio Fountains. Beautiful girls with masks dancing and delivering obvious high end bottle service with pomp and circumstance to said table. They are like masked mimes that ride atop of other masked shoulders to deliver the goods! I like it. The typical Grey Goose DOES not seem to get all the hype. BUT Dom does! We loved just people watching . AND the DJ rocked! You better be dressed to impress and again have some sort of hook up on 'nights that matter'. Do not go here on a budget. To top shelf drinks can set you back over $36 so you may just consider a bottle service with another couple or with friends. Worth it just to have a place to sit:-)
2	Ultralounge, smultralounge.  felt like any other club to me.  we missed our table (if we really had one), and place was already packed by 11:20.  They were nice and still let us in, but group of 12 dudes has no business being in a place like this without table/bottles.
3	I finally checked out the new club at the Bellagio - this is a review for the club, not when it is a lounge (before 10p). The club itself is a nice venue. Great views of the strip from the patio area and while you are getting a drink at the bar. It's not a huge club (compared to many of the mega-clubs at the other hotels), but the night that I was there it was pretty packed. However, the crowd is on the older/more mature side compared again to the other clubs on the strip. I would attribute this to it being located at the Bellagio. I had no trouble getting in as I spoke with a host and she was able to take care of me and my friends. Overall, we had a good time - music was good and the drinks were flowing. I would go back, but it probably wouldn't be my first choice of clubs to go to.
5	Classy looking, spectacular views of the Bellagio fountains, good drinks! A nice mix between a lounge and a club. Only complaint was they were playing pretty outdated music and nothing recent nor classic. Maybe it was just the night, but overall a really great experience and I cannot wait to go back....one of my favorite spots in Vegas.
1	I H-A-T-E this place, I think that I had the worst clubbing experience ever here and I've been to some pretty ghetto clubs! I came with a bunch of girls and a couple of guys on a Saturday night. Everything was going great got in the Guest List line and made it to the front of the line with half an hour to spare before Guest List was over. It was 11pm, and the list ends at 11:30pm and open bar closes at midnight so I figured we were set to get some free drinks!The bouncer made us wait in the front of the line for half an hour until guest list was over then prompted us for 30 DOLLARS EACH FOR THE GUYS! I was outraged! They let the girls and I in for free so we decided to rush to the bar for free drinks. When getting to the bar I asked the bartender if it was still open bar, after she said yes I asked for 8 AMFs and tried to charge me 98 dollars. When I told her I wanted something from the open bar she poured out all the drinks in front of my party and went to serve someone else. 3 Minutes later she came back to us and when i tried to order she said she would not be serving my party for the rest of the night. WTF?! THIS WAS MY FIRST TIME IN VEGAS AT MY FIRST CLUB TOO. When I complained to the bouncer outside he dismissed me! I will never go back here ever again!
4	I visited Hyde on a Saturday and it was pretty crowded around 10PM. It has a great atmosphere and bartenders are quick. the view of the fountains is amazing. I would visit Hyde again just not on the regular. it was more of a tourist club
3	Visited as a lounge rather than the club which is past my bedtime.Drinks were imaginative and made tableside by drop dead gorgeous servers. A little pricey but the view over the fountains is as good as it gets and the atmosphere is one of exclusivity and quality. Worth a visit.
3	This is a review for the lounge, not the club.  Though I really want to come for the nightclub next time I'm in town.I feel like this place has the potential of a 4 star, but I can't in good conscience give it more than a 3.  I'll update my review when they get their service in order.Let me preface this with the fact that I am a relatively patient person when it comes to flaws in service.  I've worked in retail and know it can be hard to juggle customers.  But the complete lack of service from our waitress was just not forgivable.  We waited 15 minutes after being seated for someone to come take our drink orders.  After coming to the realization that no one was coming, we flagged down a server who said he would take our order to our waitress.  Our waitress, who was hanging out all the while, came over a bit after to confirm our order and pretend like she was doing something.The server came back with our drinks after a pretty long wait and apologized, saying that our drinks took a particularly long time to make because there was something wrong with the computer.  My guess is that there was actually something wrong with the waitress.  The cocktails were delicious and the view just behind the Bellagio fountains very nearly justified the bad service.  Note that I said nearly.The waitress brought us the check for the first round of drinks and promptly disappeared.  We wanted to order another round but of course she was no where to be found.  We flagged down the poor server again, who was a good sport about it considering it wasn't his job.  But after a while the waitress came over and rather impolitely informed us we would have to pay for the first round before receiving the second.  Because of course we're gonna jump the barrier into the fountains after we down the second round, right?  Well whatever, we pay cash and expect to get change back to sort out the tip.  BUT THE WAITRESS DOESN'T GIVE BACK A DIME.  We were intending to give her a 15% tip and she took over 20%.  I was a bit taken back by the poor etiquette.After we got our second round, she gave us the check and came back around 3 times to check if we were ready to pay, at 5 minute intervals.  What kind of service is this?!  Honey, your big fake boobs can only get you so many tips -- you need to learn the basics of service if you're going to appeal to ALL your clientele.  On the last round, we tipped her 10% then handed the server who helped us extra on he way out the door.  I know it's rude, but if you split the difference between the extra she basically stole from the last round and consider how bad the service was, I think it was justified.  Either way, I can live with it.I wanted to devote most of the space in this review to talking about how flavorful their cocktails are and how amazing the view is!  But the service just ruined it.  I hope I'll have something more favorable to say when I come back for the nightclub in June.
3	Gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains. Otherwise, not all that impressed with this place. If memory serves me correctly, there were a bunch of girls in strange masks and feather-dusters dusting people, which was odd.
5	Love this place! I am not a late night clubber anymore and am always looking for a nice place to catch a few drinks on the strip once in a while. Visited last Thursday and had a blast!  Friendly bartenders, friendly cocktail servers and a FANTASTIC View....will I be going back...YES!
4	Beautiful place...and the crowd was dressed with sport coats and cocktail dresses. It's nice to see that people still dress up occasionally. Here are some tips...Ladies drink FREE until 1130 (at least on Saturdays). Get a group and pitch in for a table- the place is pretty much all tables. Forget about having a place to sit unless you are actually at one. Great DJ for the 30s crowd- not a lot of house music, rather a mix of older songs with the new. Went only on a Saturday, can't vouch for the other nights.
3	I was really excited to go here because it overlooks the fountain at the Bellagio.  The place was smaller, but that's ok because you can have fun in any sized venue.  Since seeing the fountain was the most exciting thing for me at Hyde, I was a little disappointed that there wasn't a good view of it unless your table was on the patio.  Ours was inside by the bar. There wasn't a good place where anyone else could see the fountain, other than those tables... of course I found a way to get in there to get my photo :)The decor was nice, the DJ was decent. I was pretty confused by the outfits of the go-go girls.  I understand trying to be different, but I felt like random props, w/ no meaning were thrown into these outfits, that didn't mimic a theme or purpose. An example is a medicine mask that doctors used to use during the time of the black plague... Yes, now it's related to Mardi Gras on occasion, but I didn't really think the original concept fit in w/ a good time.All in all, we had a good time! Really, you could put me in a cardboard box & I'd find a way to have fun, but we left saying it was a great night.  One suggestion for the place is to make it so everyone can enjoy the fountain & change the go-go girls outfits & theme to make sense w/ the surroundings.
4	My wife and I went to Hyde on the Monday (4/23/12) that we got married. We aren't real big club goers, so we were looking for something a little more relaxed after we had a nice dinner - so we could enjoy each other's company. I didn't mention anything to the hostess, but they ended up putting us in the couch that overlooks the fountains (on the main floor) on the patio. The music over the speakers was loud enough that you could enjoy it, but not so loud that my wife and I couldn't hear each other. Our waitress was very attentive, coming back at just the right moments (even too early, a couple of times) to find out if we wanted another round. In fact, the only time that they WEREN'T attentive was when we asked for the check - we had to ask 4 times in order to get our check. Other than that, it was definitely an enjoyable night. And, as all the other reviews say, if you're lucky enough to get a seat on the patio - it's a GREAT place to see the fountain show.
4	Prefer this place over the major clubs in Vegas.  Smaller, less overwhelming atmosphere.  However, it still resembles a club more than a lounge, because there's a large dance floor area that gets really crowded and you can't have a conversation with anyone over the loud music unless you shout.
4	Went here last night (Saturday) with a group of 11 ladies for a bachelorette party and had a blast.  We ended up at two tables near the patio area, which faced the fountains and afforded us gorgeous views of the strip (especially the "Eiffel Tower" at the Paris Hotel).  Loved dancing in this area as the cool air prevented us from getting too sweaty.  As others have mentioned, Hyde is much smaller than the other Vegas megaclubs, but that didn't detract from the party atmosphere.  The crowd here is more upscale, which I fully appreciated.  The music was a mix of old school and top 40s, which was good, but the night took a turn for the better when Marcus Schossow started his set...and the crowd went wild.
4	3 girls on Saturday night (early, maybe before 7 -- definitely still daylight)...  We came for a cocktail & to enjoy the fountains from a lounge experience.  Place had not turned 'clubby', was just a high end lounge.  Place is classy, view is great, servers are attentive (& beautiful), drinks are really not that pricey considering your location.Can't wait to go back, maybe even for late night experience.
4	Came here the other night with a girlfriend. We didnt know what to expect since there are mixed reviews about this place.We ended up having such a great time. They played music that made you want to dance. The view is the best on the strip. You are right there next to the fountains. You actually can feel the mist when they go off. I was thrilled every time they went off!We were at a table so drinks were amazing and strong. It was not long till we were dancing and acting crazy.The bathroom attendants were awesome as well. I love it when they have a good selection of stuff to use to freshen up.I NEED to go back here asap! It was a fun place to cut loose. Very different from many other clubs in Vegas...an I liked it a lot.
2	I attended a private event here and I thought we would have the whole club to our self instead we had to share it with regular customers too which seemed really weird.When I checked in I was given a special VIP pass and told to have a good time.  I was also told that there were special VIP areas for me that I had full access too.  The problem was that all areas were roped off but I had no idea which side was VIP and which side was not VIP.  I found it kind of funny because with my VIP pass every velvet rope was lifted up for me.  Yes that is cool but what side should I be on.  It was a little confusing.We also had passed apps and the staff serving them were really nice but it was some of the worse food I have ever had in my life.  I honestly could not even call it food...Costco samples tasted better then this stuff they were serving us.  I would have expected more from a location in the Bellagio.The bar near the windows was also really packed and I could not get the bartenders attention to get a drink.  I then spotted a bar way on the other side and decided to see what was going on over there.  I had to go through two Border Patrol check points (guys with the velvet ropes) to get there and still had no idea if I could get a drink down there.  I asked the bartender and she said sure...okay things were starting to look up.I will tell you that seeing the dancing waters from the backside was unique.  It is also a closer vantage point then standing on the street.  My two stars are for the five star view.  The only thing I hated is that the non-VIP party had taken all of the best viewing areas and were clinging to the window where the water show was at.
4	Came here for a bachelorette party.  We had a table that was facing the strip.  The view was pretty amazing (Eiffel Tower and the Bellagio water show).  They had good music too.
5	If you can get hold of a host and get a table with the view of the fountains!The husband made reservation and we were fortunate enough to enjoy the most amazing view of the Bellagio fountains, while having a few delicious drinks and mouth watering tapas!From Ahi tuna cones, to lil croquette and very flavorful flat bread with smoked salmon...all delicious! (we literally had dinner with tapas!).The vibe is hip and the music is bumping, there in a lil dance floor and the place is hopping! Best nights for Hyde Tuesday, Friday and Saturday!We definitely had an amazing time! Can't wait to return!
2	Worst service on the Strip! I live in Vegas. My friends and I frequently enjoy bottle service at Vegas nightclubs. Hyde has top notch design, sound system and ambiance. Replacing the Fontana Lounge with Hyde was genius. That is why I was so surprised at the conduct and practices of the host and staff. After reserving a table with two bottles for 2000 plus gratuity my group of 5 people were escorted to a nice table on the fountains side of the floor, we sat down, ordered our bottles and mixers, and started our night. Fifteen minuets later the host returned to tell me that "someone else wants this table and I have to move you." Not wanting to cause a problem, we moved, because the new table was closer to the dance floor and the action. Our new waitress did not look happy that we were in her section. Either that or she had a bug that she needed to expel. Bad attitude the whole night. The section next to us was allowed to try and cram 20 people into a space that was clearly for 6 or less. Twice our neighbors fell over our table spilling our drinks. The place really got full about 11:30 and we were having a great time. about 12:30 our host pushed his way back to the table and he had a new credit card receipt for us to sign. I asked WTF is this? He replied that "they were really busy tonight and his manager wants to resell the table but if you buy another bottle you can stay. I told him there is only 5 of us and we already have 2 large bottles of vodka and one hasn't even been touched yet. I was not happy but I half drunk and had friends from out of town, so I signed the cc slip. The music was great and the place was rockin. The waitress still was not enjoying her job. At the end of the night I got the final bill with 20% gratuity already added... $4180. I signed it and chalked it up to experience. Then when we are leaving the waitress stops me and says "You forgot to tip me". I pointed out that it was on the over inflated bill. She said that she usually gets extra on top of that. "Not for that service!" There are lots of great clubs in Vegas that give great service without fleecing the customers. I wont be back and I will make sure my other local friends wont either. From the attitude of the staff I'm sure they could care less. Hopefully if you are reading this you will steer clear.
4	Yes, yes, definitely more of a lounge.  So I was a little disappointed at the lack of opportunity for dance.  The dance floor seemed to be the center aisleway, so people kept squeezing through to get to the bar or the balcony.  Plus it's right up against (and on the same elevation as) the table service areas, so when people dropped glasses it got on the dance floor.  ...Although the fact that their glasses could breaks speaks to the high quality air of the club.  Most impressive of all was walking into the club and witnessing the vision-filling Bellagio fountain display just outside the patio.  It was breathtaking.Also, in addition to the awkward "dance floor", there was also no place to stand and chat or bounce to the music that didn't feel in the way!The elegance of this place definitely won me over though, and for a lounge, I appreciated the ambiance.
5	1 Word Sums this place up:  AMAZING!I have stayed at the Bellagio several times during the past 2-3 years and usually go to Pure Night Club.  I did not stay at the Bellagio during this stay, however when I spoke with the concierge, they recommended that I speak with the club promoters in the club.  I spoke with Kevin, the Manager at Hyde Night Club.  He gave us his card and told us to go to the front of the line for his club.  Best Decision Ever!  The club was packed (not too packed), enough to see that it's a pretty happening place with tons of beautiful and fun people looking to have a good time!  The music was great and the club didn't close until the next morning.  I think I left around 4am.  If you're looking a great place to party while in Vegas, visit Hyde!  Staff was super friendly too, for a club.  Security and Staff could really take my jokes and clowning around.Tuesday is Industry night... so you'll see a good mix of people!
1	I was HIGHLY disappointed with this place. I have never been treated so badly in Las Vegas in my life, especially with me being a girl. First of all, we weren't even planning to go to their club but their promoter kept pushing it so we agreed to give it a shot. I've only been to the Bank at the Bellagio and that place sucks so I was willing to give this a shot. When we got into the hotel we were stopped by another promoter which I guess was the promoter for the Bank and he kept pushing it and we kindly declined and asked where Hyde was located. At that point he was EXTREMELY rude so that didn't help and I shot back with some wise comments which are too inappropriate to repeat on here and stormed off. Since it was me, my other female friend and our guy friend we just walked up to the front and showed the bouncer our passes. He smiled and told us we would get in right away. However, right when he saw our guy friend he asked if he was with us and we said yes and instantly his demeanor changed and told us to get in line. I was absolutely disgusted. I have never had that happen before and I have never had to wait in line to get into a club in Vegas before. Pissed off, my female friend and I went to a different bouncer who wished me a happy birthday (it was my birthday weekend) stamped our hand and let us in eventually. I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone and the club wasn't even that great anyways.
4	I haven't been to Hyde as a night club, but as a lounge, it's great!  The signature drinks -- while pricey -- are delicious!  And the gentleman who sat us was a pleasure to chat with.  We went on a Wednesday, so it was quiet and we were able to watch the fountains away from the big crowds on the street.  However, we tried to get our check during a shift change and fell through the cracks.  It wasn't a big deal; we were enjoying the view.  Overall, if you're willing to spend the money, you'll really enjoy your time there.
5	Now this is an ideal untra lounge on your typical Thursday afternoon!  AH-MAZE-ING!Yesterday, we came to Hyde for a manager's celebratory meeting.  It's located RIGHT behind the Bellagio fountains.  We were treated to a 2 hour show of the dramatic fountain show that Vegas and Bellagio is so famous for.  The staff was super accommodating and nice.  They were patient and efficient with a group of drunks LOL.  I really enjoy the layout and the decor.  Modern, sleek sectionals and upscale patio furniture.  If you're fortunate enough to sit on the half moon couch against the glass, you will practically be on top of the water!  So beautiful!All in all, I had a wonderful time at Hyde.  I would love to see if the vibe changes at night, but this place will be a huge option for a lounge setting on a Sunday afternoon!
4	Very cool. Very trendy.  We were there for MMDW 2012 and it was packed.  JLO was performing and the place was wall to wall people.  The only suggestion I would make to the patrons is that you should definitely reserve a table and the only suggestion i have for the club is that you make the table areas bigger.
1	Oh I don't like this place. Not even a little. I vowed never to return. We had such a horrible experience we ALL vowed never to return. Oh and PS 'we are locals', I go out ah more on the ALOT side, and I'm from Miami so I know clubs.Staff was rude, I mean like extremely rude. They messed up our bottle reservation, then wanted to move us to another table b/c the Director was demanding he had 3 tables for that evening that put them in a tailspin tizzy.  But based on the experiences w/ the staff  I'm not surprised management was floundering around trying to 'make this work'. We cashed a bottle [in 1 hour ps b/c that's how we get down] wanted to order another then said F this place, we out. Me and 7 other ladies [2 of which are Hooters calendar girls but we will let that dog lie].  We spent our money elsewhere and tipped generously to boot! Just to spite them bi@tches.Music-why we go to clubs besides looking at hot members of the opposite sex. Besides the daddy long legged girls they let in wearing skinny jeans and converse that were dancing like floundering flamingos, the best song they played all night was.....wait for it because it's a good one...."Cruisin down the street in my 6-4" by none other than the late Easy E.  So if you feel like a throwback night, reminisce a little middle school dance or something this could be your jackpot. I will tell anyone that comes to town or ask my recommendations for places to go NOT to go here.
1	This place doesn't even deserve 1 star as a rating. Especially since they didn't even allow us inside. Our party consisted of exactly 5 ladies and 5 gentleman. We were on the guest list, but that apparently didn't matter. The promoters there and bouncers were ignoring us. Instead they let some ugly girls in the club before us. I can understand letting in girl groups but the girls they were letting in were just ugly, ugly dress and sandals? And our group was classy and sharp looking. However the promoter said our group was big so it will take them a couple minutes to get us in. They were so rude about everything. We waited an hour and asked the promoter Richie are we getting in or not? He said that from the looks of it No. The bouncer told my friend that these guys pick and choose who they want to get in. It doesn't matter if you are on a guest list or if your party is an even ratio. They said if you want to get in  you can pay them $100 to get you in plus the cover fee. This was soo ridiculous we never felt so discriminated. Thanks but no thanks you effin a** we were tired of them and left to a lounge at Bellagio called Lily? We had a better time there. We've gone to other Vegas clubs with big groups and never had a problem. After reading everyone else's reviews I see that we didn't miss out on ANYTHING. THIS PLACE WAS A WASTE OF OUR TIME!!
5	We had the best time here last Friday night. We had a table that easily accommodated 12 with an open air view of the water show. It was so fun to be dancing and then every 30 minutes the water show goes off! You feel the mist from the show. The servers were on it. We sat down and had our bottles with in ten minutes..we did go in on the earlier side though. The entire night no ones glass was empty. The girls were doing their job. They played awesome music! We danced all night. Someone in our group ordered Champagne and it is a bottle with neon lights on it.. several cocktail servers parade out with glow sticks to sing you happy birthday.. overall it was a great time!
3	What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas....well besides this review. I went to Vegas with a large group of men and woman. Our friend got us on the guest list and thankfully the line was not long. The men had to pay of course but luckily the girls got wristbands and we got free well drinks all night. This lounge is not like every other club in Vegas. It is small and personal. Sometimes I hate going to over crowded places because it is difficult to walk around and just dance. The club ever has a great view of the water show. I was feeling the vibe of the club and the music was on point (top 40).
2	Of all the places to spend exorbitant amounts of money for bottle service, I would not say that Hyde is a good choice. The good: the view. Very cool to be right behind the fountains and see the Eiffel Tower. Our waitress and one security guard were awesome--attentive and willing to help with the numerous problems we had throughout the night with the table in front of us. The bad: the music. I mean I listened to these songs at middle school dances over 10 years ago. Nelly's repertoire isn't that cool anymore, and I heard most of it at Hyde the Saturday night in question. I can have a throwback party to "Ride with Me" and "Hot Sh*t" on YouTube if I really wanted, not to pay hundreds of dollars for it. My ultimate complaint, however, was the level of douchebaggetry I experienced by the other partygoers. The table next to mine continued to cram people in their tiny space, twice having people fall over their booth into ours, sprawling on the floor, spilling our Ciroc that must have been made of pure gold (the only way I can imagine why it cost so much) and breaking glass. For real? I just kept drinking to escape the situation. Bottle service is not cheap anywhere but I feel you do not get the bang for your buck at Hyde. If you really like Ace of Base or 50 Cent then this is certainly the place for you.
5	I really enjoyed this place!! We went last week and it has the most amazing view of the Bellagio fountain! It's not a huge place but its classy and the mix of different music was great. The bouncers gave all the ladies of my group free drink vouchers and I didn't pay for a damn drink all night!!!!
4	After my experience with The Bank, I never truly expected to come back to the Bellagio for another clubbing experience. However, Saturday as we were heading back to our hotel some random host guy asked us if we wanted to get in for free...so we said yes and followed him.It was awesum the host just got us in front of the line and we were in! Woo hoo no line! So once inside the place it was packed!! and lady gaga go go dancers were everywhere! um pretty small dance floor if I say so myself.I loved the music though, there was some journey, AC/DC, Guns N' Roses. It was so packed and not enough room that me and my friend decided to leave. But the club didn't let us! Haha we were wandering around the place looking for the door, which I thought was the way we came in from....but I guess it wasn't.... So in the meantime we were just admiring the views, which were pretty spectacular if I say so myself. At last we found the door, which was pretty great planning if I say so myself. Exits were away from the entrance so that if it sucked and people wanted to leave all the people in line at the entrance wouldn't see.I would probably come back again, it'd be nice to book a table by the awesum view of Paris Paris.
5	One of the nicest clubs anyone could ever go to. The place is really high class, is highly secured, and has a stunning close view of Bellagio's water show. Service is fast and on top of everything, DJ plays really good music, and the tables are nice too.
4	I must start by saying that I'm totally not a nightclub girl. I head to Vegas for the spas, the restaurants, the laid-back bars and some luxurious hotel rooms. But, if I were into nightclubs, I could see myself returning to this one.My group stopped in on a Wednesday night around 11 - obviously not the ideal clubbing time. We actually were looking for Fontana Bar, which was a patio bar that overlooked the Bellagio fountains and piped in the music that the water was moving to. It was my favorite bar in Las Vegas. Must not have been too lucrative, though, because they replaced it with this nightclub. Bummer.Our mixed-age group felt comfortable only because there were two or three other tables near us (remind you, this was early on a Wednesday) also had some older members. We immediately sat down right next to the window that overlooked the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower at Paris. GREAT view. The tables were cute and the cocktail list was fun. Our server was nice despite us obviously not being there to drop hundreds of dollars on bottle service. The waitresses sure are dressed to the nines - I would imagine male patrons loooove them.After we left, a member of our party realized she left her iPhone in the seat of our booth. She called Hyde and a nice member of their staff went over to look for it and gave it to security in the hotel. That counts as awesome service to me.So, if you're a nightclub person, I'd totally hit this place up. The view alone is work with it in my opinion.
1	DO NOT GO HERE. I have NEVER posted on yelp but feel so strongly about this that I had to. If I could give this place zero stars, I would. We waited for two hours, watching the arrogant bouncers let in their friends, taking money from those desperate enough to bribe, and shrug everyone else off. Not once during two hours were we even acknowledged. We finally just left. I expected a wait as we showed up around 12 with no VIP passes, but I went to 3 other clubs around the same time throughout the week and had a wonderful time, nothing like the awful and degrading experience I had at Hyde. Thank goodness that obnoxious, snotty and rude are not characteristics of all Vegas clubs; apparently just this one.
4	If you're going to check out Hyde, I suggest visiting Vegas on a Tuesday.  Tuesday is industry night at Hyde.  Fun and good looking crowd.I don't know why but the crowd on the weekend is kinda ghetto and gross.  You would expect bougieness because it's at the Bellagio but NOPE!Despite the blah crowd on the weekends, I still love Hyde.  It has an amazing view and great decor.  There is very limited space though unless you got the moolah to get table service.  I don't suggest coming here if you want to do the crazy Vegas club thing.  This is more for those who wanna enjoy some good music and gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountain and Eiffel tower.
1	I went here in June. The club layout is lousy, the drinks mediocre and the go-go dancers look like something out of a nightmare. They all wear cat masks and hold knives and pretend to cut the walls/each other. It is just super creepy.
5	Just the right atmosphere best views of the strip.
4	Place was sick. Dancers were awesome and the music was great. I like that it was smaller then most Vegas clubs. Wasn't stoked on the crowed but at the time I didn't care. Sure ill be back soon
1	How do you give Hyde ZERO stars?! I can't even begin to say how disappointed I was with this place. I had family coming into town so I called to get on the 'guest list'. The girl who answered said it was no cover charge for girls as long as we were on the list. The time frame was 10pm to midnight, so we got there at about 10:20(I wanted to avoid huge crowds). Also, one of their promoters sent me a text earlier in the day asking me to send him a message when we had arrived to he could 'take care' of us. Ok, so like I said we arrived there at about 10:20pm, I notified the promoter who had contacted me and received a text back saying I was all set to just give my name at the door. The crowd wasn't huge yet so I had no problem going right up to the front of the line. I immediately let one of the guys know that I was on the guest list with 4 girls total, he said we'd have to be checked off and it would be a few minutes. As we're waiting there, other girls/groups who had gotten there after us were getting in before us!! I approached different security people and promoters who all just brushed me off and told me to wait. By this time it's like 11:00pm, I've been waiting for almost an hour and my patience is running really thin. Girls are getting in left and right with free drink tickets and I'm just being ignored and brushed off. At 11:30 after an hour and a half of patiently waiting we leave. I texted the 'promoter' a short  text about how his guest list is crap.Just to make it clear, I expected to wait...it was free! But i NEVER expected to get the treatment I did. I was highly offended and I will NEVER again set foot at this club. DO NOT GO HERE!! there are much better clubs with better staff and better service.
4	our table was right in front of the fountain window. i was most impressed
4	Good hip-hop, top-40 music playing club...A small club but with a view of the Bellagio fountains show.  I went on the Sunday on Labor Day Weekend.  Compared to other clubs this weekend, Hyde was not overly packed.  I could find my way easily through the crowd without have to squeeze through bodies.  I like clubs that are busy but not crazy crowded.They had girls giving out shots--they weren't charging but accepting tips.  So I tipped them well.  Friendly staff: the bouncer even volunteered to take a pic of me with the shots girls.  That gesture is practically unheard of in Vegas.I am returning Veteran's Day weekend and Hyde and possibly Marquee are the only clubs I am scheduling to visit...
4	My friend and I chose this venue as our figurative night cap before taking a red eye out home from Vegas. I have no regrets. The panoramic view of the fountains of the Bellagio and the strip made the drinks we had even more delectable. The ambience is chic, the crowd is cosmopolitan, the drinks are yummy and the view...well, I already mentioned that. I highly recommend checking out this lounge for a evening of sophistication and luxury. I will say that we went in the early evening, so it was much more low key and not too crowded. Highly recommended!
4	With possibly the best location on the Las Vegas Strip is the newly opened Hyde Lounge. It is half outside at the front of the Bellagio, with a magnificent view of those mesmerizing fountains. They have an extremely fun (and funny) wait staff, a very solid cocktail and martini list, and a great DJ that knows how to play to his crowd (which to my delight was slightly older & better dressed then you average 21yr old night clubs in Vegas). It may not be packed with A-list celebrities like its Hollywood predecessor, but when you have a glass of champagne in hand while inhaling that iconic view... well, lets just say that I felt like a celebrity. What? My mom thinks I'm cool.To sum up, I would definitely go back in a heart beat.
4	Location. Location. I went to Hyde for a pre-dinner cocktail, so I can't comment on the late night club scene. The open air view over the fountains has to be one of the most visually stunning experiences in Vegas. The cocktail list looked interesting, though overdone like most Vegas beverages right now. I stuck to a glass of bubbly and the spouse had a Macallan 25. The staff was friendly and competent, though I did feel a bit sorry for the waitresses who had to work in bandage dresses and 5 inch heels. Overall verdict is that I will gladly return.
2	Way too small. Don't waste your time.
4	Went here on a lounge night. I totally recommend it on a lounge night!! No wait to get in, free entry and an absolute gorgeous view of the strip!! The lounge/club overlooks the water fountains and you can see Paris in the background. It was awesome seeing the water dance from the other side with club music blasting. You can also sit at the tables for free on a lounge night... they have a menu with some interesting sounding drinks. The waitress seemed nice and came by several times to ask if we wanted to order drinks, but didn't push us to order anything. My friend and I had a beautiful view of the strip in a club atmosphere for free. I don't know what club nights are like, but I am a fan of the lounge nights!!! I would come here again for sure!
4	Hyde is beautiful & the view is amazing. This place is not very big but keep in mind that this is NOT really a club. Yes, you will see people dancing but there isn't a huge dancefloor. I was there on a saturday. HIGHLY recommend you show up by 10:00pm & that you are put on a guestlist. If you're thinking of going their promoter's name is JESSE (702) 860-8229. This guy put us on a list & got us free well drinks until 12. We waited no longer than 10 minutes, & we did not pay cover. Keep in mind that we showed up at 10:00. Bar tenders are attentive & very polite. Occasionally you'll see the dancers walking around offering free shots & if you take one make sure you tip them. Trust me, if you tip they will keep coming. You can either tip $2 for a shot or pay $10 for the sane shot at the bar. Hyde  has a sophisticated, laid back feel to it. The dancers are beautiful & security was really nice. I approached one to ask where the restrooms were & he personally walked me to it. This is the perfect place to enjoy a glass of champagne & a beautiful view or if you want to go crazy this is a good place to PRE party. Really enjoyed myself here this weekend. Shout out to the promoter Jesse who made it easier..Thank you!
5	Good Music, amazing view of the famous fountain, pretty big club !
5	My new favorite place in Las Vegas. I cant believe I haven't been here sooner!Ive been to Hyde in L.A. a number of times and it was always awesome but this venue is absolutely breathtaking. From the unique chandeliers to the water show view this is a must visit. We had a table right on the dance floor. I love the vibe here because its more of a upscale lounge then nightclub, there is a small dance floor but mainly there are tables and couches. The ambiance is intimate and very appealing. I had their white peach Bellini, it was perfect. I recommend trying that specific drink. Our cocktail server was very pleasant. I will def come back every chance i get!
4	Hubby and I are not club people so we chose to go to Hyde at 5:30 on a Sunday night.  We were given a great table on the patio right in front of the TV to watch Sunday night football.  We stayed for two hours, had 2 drinks each along with sliders and potato crisps and saw 4 fountain shows.  Service was slow but we didn't mind since we weren't in any hurry and loved not having to feel like we had to pay to stay at our table.  Even so, the bill was $118 with tip.I had 2 bellinis ($17/ea), one the white peach, another the pineapple passion fruit.  Both were delicious.  Our waitress was a little snotty but we didn't let that spoil our good time.  Make sure to visit the bathroom--the attendant there is very nice and squirts your soap and hands you a towel and there's an assortment of candy, mints, etc. to choose from.
1	Awful ambiance, so promising but the loud football game was in total contrast to the decor and setting. Music would have been much more appropriate. It was obvious no one in the part of the bar cared about the game, volume made conversation challenging. Over looking the lake it should have been a great experience, sadly not. Drinks were 5 star, but that is expected for the price.
4	We came here after a long day of shopping. Great place to have a few drinks with the gf and see the fountains. It's the Bellagio so it's not cheap but everything we had was good.
5	Excellent and expensive bar/lounge that turns into a Tier 1 (as of late 2012, Vegas moves fast) nightclub after 10pm on few nights a week. I'm reviewing only the bar/lounge. The patio opens up to the Bellagio fountains, and even in the heat of June, they keep enough AC going to keep it cool enough. The waitresses seem to be going for quality than quantity of service. They can spend a lot of time with each table so it can be slow when they're not at your table. You can get great service though, each time we've been the server wasn't just shuttling orders in one direction and drinks in another, they knew something about drinks and had opinions when asked.Hyde specializes in expensive signature drinks that keep change every few months (except for the Belini's they always have those) but if you want something in particular (like a suggestion for scotch, or real margarita instead of the cucumber thing they had last time) just ask and they'll either get you what you want or do their best to figure out the right substitute. As an example, I wanted a  Jameson and coffee to keep me up (I'm old and need caffeine to stay up past 11pm). They don't have coffee, but our waitress Bree wasn't giving up. They have espresso, so she offered some ideas using that, or to get a coffee from the restaurant next door. We landed on an Americano with Jameson, and she made it clear I she wasn't charging me if I didn't like it. They have some appetizer/tapas type plates from 5pm until some time before 10pm (no idea when food actually stops, I just know we tried to get food at 10 and couldn't), the sliders were excellent. It's pretty easy to screw up a slider, it's so small they're often over cooked. Three different orders of these at different times and all were great.
5	Located in Bellagio Hotel Casino on The Las Vegas Strip. Are the drinks cheap? Nope. Will you have to wait in line to get in? You Better Believe It. However once in, this nightclub has one of the most breathtaking views of the Las Vegas Strip. A front row seat for the Fountains Of Bellagio Show. They also have scantly clad cocktail waitress and female bartenders. (That's for those of you who don't like breathtaking views of the Las Vegas Strip.) Stop by one night, have a drink or three, and enjoy the view. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Since I was a child, my most favorite part of the city has been the fountains of Bellagio so when the opportunity arose through very special contacts to indulge in some of Vegas best nightlife with a table on the terrace overlooking the fountains, I was in awe. And in awe I remain. Myself and my guests were escorted in by our very chic host Hector who introduced us to the lovely staff that truly took such great care of us all night at our sofa and table overlooking the fountains.  Ariana and Stan (heart heart) were incredibly fun, attentive, and so friendly. We even had a huge security guard advise us he would be taking care of as well. Granted he left quickly when the scantily clad bachelorettes arrived but it was still an awesome gesture and he did walk us out at the end of our night. I'm not a big club goer but I absolutely loved Hyde for the location, ambience, spirit, and spectacular service.  I realize it's costly but I much preferred keeping our party to 5 people rather than the 10 or 12 cramming into the same space in other parts of the lounge. We danced all night and indulged in amazing champagne, grey goose, gangnam style and cupcakes... Yea, that happened. Classy. Thrilling. And, yes... Amazeballs.
4	I had heard of this spot frequently since last year when it opened, and was honestly very interested in checking it out. I finally got my chance this past weekend when I took a date there for a table reservation. It was Saturday, which was their busiest night. We arrived and, after a brief SNAFU at the front, were escorted to our table. I spoke to our hostess who got us setup with Ciroc and mixers. We had a wonderful time. The DJ was pretty good and the view of the Bellagio fountains is spectacular. Our hostess, server, and security were all right on point. No complaints and we were taken care of all night long. I would love to come back here but probably not for a table reservation at night. I'd love to come back and hang out while it's a lounge or on a Sunday afternoon. It seems perfect for that.
4	Fun. Fun. Fun... Enough said
1	1 star for the awesome view this spot has to offer..  My experience here was a whole other story.  We went into Hyde to scope out the spot.  While deciding what to do next, a handful of patrons started hurling racial slurs at us.  NOT COOL.  Management did absolutely nothing.  I would never step foot at Hyde ever again.
5	Well worth a quick stop for a drink just to view the fountains.  The bar has huge windows and plays the fountain music as they go off every 15 minutes.
4	This place throws a good Vegas style party! Drinks are pricey and the wait in line can be long without a guest list hookup. They give out light sticks around midnight and the view over the water onto the strip is very cool.
3	Decent club. A group of 6 of us came here over the Thanksgiving weekend after an awesome dinner at Yellowtail (also in Bellagio). We weren't on the list or anything, but there wasn't really any sort of line, so our group's resident MLife club member went up and asked the bouncer to get us all in, which he did, for no cover. The actual club is pretty small - definitely no XS or Marquee. But there were enough people that we had fun on the dance floor and still had enough room for our group of 6 to circle up and have fun, drink, and dance. It was actually a nice change to have enough room to move around (and not be packed in like sardines) - not a place I usually find myself in Vegas. The one thing I loved about this place was the view over the water. Even though it was past midnight so no water show, it was still beautiful and unique. The whole back wall opened up out over the water. At one point a girlfriend and I were dancing by ourselves on the dance floor and apparently I was really into it because one of the bouncer guys tried to drag me up on top of the booth to dance in a more visible spot. Thankfully I kept my dignity and refrained (with no help from my friend!) but definitely had a good laugh about it and had a ton of fun dancing over all. Would I go back? Maybe. It's not on my hot list, but if the situation is right (like this past weekend - no lines, last minute decision type thing) I'd be dancing at Hyde again.
1	Hyde is a miserable failure of a club, a lounge, or whatever it's supposed to be.The heavily-promoted View Of Lake Bellagio is a just a small, plexiglass-lined 10-foot space that's roped off.  No dance floor, just a bunch of people packed in & standing around what's really an undersized room adjacent to the casino.  The redeeming aspect of this place was my martini, mostly because it provided a quick infusion of about 5 ozs of vodka, and not because it was $17.50 and served in a plastic cup.  I felt bad for the suckas with the bottle service.  And for anyone who waits in line to get in. There are so many clubs/lounges/etc within a quarter mile of this place that suck a helluva lot less.  If somebody tries to drag you here, run and, you know, Hyde.
2	Looking for a decent cocktail then this is an ok place.  Looking to see people?  Go elsewhere.  Lot of people but mean age easily 50+.  The styling and music were cool with V for Vendetta or skimpy red dress or bound and blindfolded women go-go dancers.  This had the potential to be a very cool place.  Seemed the pretty people hang out elsewhere.
5	People are never happy.  But coming from SD this lounge is great. Good drinks, great view and service!  nice place to meet up with friends and decide what to do next.
4	It was our last night in Vegas, so the girlfriend and I decided to check out Hyde Bellagio.  We're not ones for the club scene, so we got there much earlier in the evening (around 6:30 pm on Friday) to experience Hyde in its daily, early evening, cocktail lounge mode featuring a surprising array of craft cocktails.  Located just off of the casino floor, Hyde has a sexy, cool, chic ambiance, but its best feature is its spectacular front row view of the Bellagio's signature fountains.  As such, you're treated to a great view of the fountain show, which provides a beautiful backdrop for the entire space.Although the lounge was pretty much empty but for a handful of other guests and we could've sat pretty much anywhere, we elected to sit at the bar.  At the risk of getting smacked on the head by the gf for noticing, Hyde's bartenders and cocktail waitresses were extremely attractive.  Haley, our bartender, was no exception, but more importantly she was exceedingly personable, professional, and passionate about her cocktail making.  I started off with the Ruby-Rye Cooler ($18) made with Bulleit Rye, Founders Ruby Port, and pineapple and lemon juices.  It was a bit on the sweet side from the port and pineapple juice for my personal taste, but not cloyingly sweet.  It was still an enjoyable, refreshing drink.  More enjoyable (and much more fun) was my gf's choice, the Jose Andres inspired liquid nitrogen cocktail ($20), made tableside by one of the lovely cocktail waitresses, using a bunch of unidentified ingredients and liquid nitrogen. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hyde-bellagio-las-vegas?select=7__FShVFi-Hys58WR6gFWw#7__FShVFi-Hys58WR6gFWw Less a true cocktail and more a whimsical, boozy, Egg Nog ice cream, it was fun to watch being made and more fun spooning into my mouth.  Pricey, sure, but it was good tasting entertainment!  Closing out our visit, the gf and I split Hyde's signature cocktail, the Love Unit ($18) expertly made by Haley with Stoly Elit, Stoly Vanilla, muddled Thai basil, fresh lime and grapefruit juices, and "hand extracted" (a fancy way to say "muddled"?) bell pepper juice. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hyde-bellagio-las-vegas#tD8KZt-W5LAktIVrKLqOaQ  I'm not really big on vodka based cocktails, but the Love Unit really struck gold as the Stoly allowed the bell pepper and Thai basil to shine.I don't know what Hyde Bellagio is like after 10 pm, but I certainly liked my early evening cocktail lounge experience.  It's not an inexpensive stop for drinks, but it's in line with prices on the Strip and it's still cheaper than the exorbitant prices being charged for inferior drinks at Lily http://www.yelp.com/biz/lily-bar-and-lounge-las-vegas#hrid:WxrU1pRUwFnkNSHEqVgX6g/src:self .  I can definitely see a return visit the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	This place was pretty fun, it has an amazing view over looking the water and the club life here was off the wall. There are girls all over the place that are pretty crazy! They are dressed up in like lady gaga type of attire and are just very amusing to stare at! I'd come party here again!
4	A great time! Different than the typical big clubs like Tao, Hyde is more of a smaller lounge with full views of the fountains. Drinks were OK priced, music was actually pretty good, and it was not that crowded so we were actually able to dance! I'd definitely go back.
4	Hyde lives up by its name, nice Hyde out if you want to be intimate with your date, but be careful you might get distracted with gorgeous model looking wait stuff. Food or should say appetizers were really delicious, one of the best calamari in Vegas, so crispy that it almost explode in your mouth and well seasoned, Wines are on the high sidebut of good quality. Soda warning price $6 per order, no free refill highestsoda price, I ever paid in Vegas.
4	WoW! This place not only has an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains, but the speciality drinks were sooooo good. Ya, they are a bit expensive, but I thought it was worth it! When we went, a guy from Hawaii was playing music... and he was super cool! The crowd was great and the atmosphere was great! It's a nice place to just hang and relax with a few friends after a hard days of gambling.
2	Pros - great location with view of the fountains; good DJ and music inside.Cons - it is utterly pointless to go during peak times, as they pack it way too full.  But hey, it was 10 dollar beer night....reminded me of Tryst, another crazy mess.We went for a special guest DJ Havana Brown, and there was no room to move, let alone dance. Why they would book a high profile dance DJ here, is beyond me; the dance floor is less than 150 square feet.I reckon it would be great to go here during the week or earlier in the day, but I would never go again on a Saturday night.  Too many people, too much cigarette smoke, too many posers.  Which is all too bad, because the music is really good!!Thanks to fellow Yelper for suggesting we arrive before 10pm, he saved us the disappointment of paying $55 in covers.
5	you know that feeling you get when you know you're gonna have a good night? you can't describe it. you just FEEL IT. your heart starts beatin hard/fast, meanwhile you're not even moving. imma call that feeling HYDE from now on.. welcome to heaven!!!! haha, def one of the big 4 in vegas, IMO. (xs, hyde, surrender and marquee...) great view of the fountains and of the eiffel tower. great crowd and music was great as well. if you're in the area, this one is a must. cover ain't that bad either.
3	Were celebrating a 50th Birthday in Vegas and wanted to go out without going to a crazy club.  Hyde Lounge (emphasis on the word lounge) sounded like a good place and overall it was.The place itself is very nice. If you happened to have been here before when it was still the Fontana you will be amazed at the renovations. We had a table, which was on the small side for 10 people, but they make up for it with the drawers located under the seats and the low sitting area above the seats. Our servers were ridiculously attentive to anyone who needed a refill (I prefer to pour my own drink however, so this did not work for me so well). And they do some fun stuff to keep you entertained like blast confetti in the air and pass out glow sticks. The view of the fountains is also pretty incredible (although there are other places at the Bellagio with amazing views - See review for Olives).The reasons why I am giving it 3 stars however, stems from the following:1. The place is very small. I understand it is a lounge but if you want to order a drink at the bar or try to dance, you will be packed like a sardine unless you have a table.2. The "dancers" are incredibly creepy. I understand all the cool clubs have dancers in skimpy outfits and that this place is trying to be different, but is it really necessary to have them in ugly wigs and Jason masks on? Worse, is it really necessary for them to quietly come up to you and make you feel like you're at a haunted house instead of a Vegas lounge? I think not. I beg you Hyde Bellagio, please change this. It is super freaky.3. The music. Maybe I just went on a bad night, or maybe the DJ was drunk because it was his birthday. But while I totally appreciated the variety in genres, it definitely turned into rap/hip-hop hour for a long while and he definitely kept cutting songs off left and right. So in short, not the best club I have ever been to but definitely not the worst. Had a great night overall and I think I would give it another shot for sure.
4	Hyde is the best club experience I have had in Vegas, period. XS, Tao, Haze, Pure, Jet, Bank... The thing that sets Hyde apart from the other clubs/lounges in Vegas is the music. DJ Five and the DJ who was on before him (who honestly, was a better DJ) weren't spinning typical Vegas mixes. At almost every club you hear techno/house a little bit of top 40 and very little hip hop. These guys actually know how to mix music and they were playing a lot of hip hop and top 40.Another great thing about Hyde is the view. The 1 nice thing about Pure in Caesar's is the view. The view in Hyde is awesome, you can look out on the strip and see everything. I think I saw the Bellagio water show out of the corner of my eye but I was much more focused on what was going on inside. There is an outdoor balcony that they managed to keep warm even though it is January.Hyde isn't a huge club, it's closer to a lounge. They do cater to those who wish to spend $10K and gain a lot of attention by parading them around in makeshift boats carried in the air. It's strange, but whatever.Of course the drinks are expensive but it's not like some clubs where they seem to attract unattractive women... (Pure)
2	Hyde is a place where money hungry women go to and guys who act like they have money go to. This was my first time going out tonight to this place and like the other light group location this was no different. Me and my friends came cause we had a table with other friends there and they took forever letting us in even though we were already part of a table. It's a shame when you see host letting other people in before you cause they know them.  What is the nightlife on Vegas coming to. Vegas night clubs really don't know the meaning of customer service. So so so sad. I heard about this lace and wanted to see what was so good about it. But to tell you nothing is good. It's to small,  and the service is horrible. A lot of beautiful women with no brains. Lol. The host at the front, well some of them are ignorant and really don't know there job. Once we finally got in I was disappointed how the place was set up. The dance floor was like the size of my living room. There are more tables and no place to dance. The structure of the place is horrible when going to the bathroom also. Too crowded for this place. It's funny to cause after I said I was giving this place a bad review while in line that's when they got us in. Sorry to late. My review is still bad. Nightclubs need to realize you are to make sure people have a good time and not worrying about when they are going to get in. This was my first and last time coming back to this place.
5	Bottle service to the extreme! I had private security escorting me back and forth to the restroom. The music was killer, loved the dancers and the staff was remarkable.
5	I have to say this is my new favorite club in Vegas. We were here again and it was such a fun night. We were comped drinks & they were fantastic.I just love the little performers that walk around. Very cool costumes.The music this night was amazing. I danced so long my feet were begging me to quit..but nope I kept on dancing!Such a great club.
2	We were given free entry and free drinks until midnight - the club has a really weird vibe and audience. You can see the fountains from here but that's the only good part. designed to be almost exclusively for tables, there is no room to move or dance even at 11pm when people haven't even shown up yet. the drinks were also very weak.
4	We had a 4 sister reunion in Vegas and some of us had been there and some had no experience with restaurant choices.  After a long day of touring around yesterday, we were all ready to enjoy a meal and some drinks.  We had cancelled another reservation up town and when we came to the Bellagio there were waiting periods for some of the great places where we had hoped to eat.A person from Hyde explained how we could have a coupon for free drinks and also a water view to enjoy appetizers.  We loved the decor right away and being so close to the fountains was so nice.I think this venue is for special events and they were having a Sunday evening gap in events, so we were able to have the outdoor patio with the fountain screen so you don't catch the mist.We had amazing sliders, great calamari, potato crisps with a great tomato sauce, and pork belly sandwiches.  The presentation of the foods was amazing! Beautiful and reasonably priced too.Drinks were good.  Vodka collins was really good. I also ordered some of the Love Units which are Absolut Vodka, vanilla vodka, grapefruit juice, pepper juice and lemon.  Delicious drink! Totally worth it.My sisters and I decided that Hyde was an amazing discovery and we absolutely loved the design of it.The small plates from Circo are definitely something you would enjoy.  Head on over to Hyde Bellagio.  This will be one of our annual stops, and maybe more often too!
5	Compared to before I had a great time this time.  Here is why....cost :)  The first time I went here it got crowded, to the point that drinks were hard to get, no room to move, no room to dance, and the bar is slammed with people.  You have to walk through the crowd at the bar if you need the restroom.  The second visit we decided bottle service could help the mood. Cost upfront is more, but with a group of 11 we split it up to a reasonable amount of coin.  Unlimited drinking, set couches and dance area equals a great experience.  With a group of 11 people it was perfect.  The girls get to dance on the raised rectangular tops surrounding the area.  The drinks, shots, and beer continued throughout the night.  Found 11 happy people that night and what was great after all my binge drinking and dancing?  A rib eye steak on my way back to my room.  I had to stop at the Bellagio cafe for a 3am snack.  No hangover the next day either.  Hyde is a great venue if you want to have a good time at the Bellagio.
5	My new favorite lounge! I have gone to multiple events at Hyde, daytime, evening, and the nightclub, Ive never left disappointed!  The live music on Thursday nights is a nice break from most strip bars and clubs. The XIV party they throw is a lot of fun, everyone should check it out :)p.s. Can't beat the view of the Fountains!!
4	while walking through the Bellagio with my sisters we were approached by a staffer who suggested we stop into this lounge! We were seated in the back of the lounge in a living room setting with a perfect view of the fountains. we were offered some drink coupons and immediately settled in. The staff were very sweet and attentive. we enjoyed cocktails wine and some fabulous tapas. Calamari, pork sandwiches, beef sliders and potato crisps were all a hit! The cost was reasonable and the setting was perfect. Not too loud  so we were able to talk and enjoy each others company. The music and the fountains were outstanding. I easily recommend it to anyone!
4	The music was great on a Saturday night. The overall atmosphere was over-the-top bananas. If you like loud & plan to dance all night, this is the place. Also, plan on standing unless you are prepared to pay a couple thousand bucks for table service next to the fountains. It is not cheap to sit down in this place. The drinks were pretty strong too. I got SUPER BUZZED real quick. The drink was so strong I had to go back to the bar to ask for more ice to help cut the drink. (That's never happened before).It's a Vegas club in all it's expensive glory.
3	For a nightclub, Hyde is REALLY small.  There's just the main room, the outdoor area, and the little other area with the other bar.  All areas are connected and open.I've been there multiple times and I still don't know if they have a dance floor and where it is.  The famed view of the Bellagio fountains is still my favorite and I do love seeing the show when I'm there although you can't hear the fountains music because of the club music.  Other than that, Hyde is just okay.  The waitresses aren't very friendly, even when you have table service.  One night, our waitress disappeared so we asked another girl who was just standing there if she could help us.  She just scoffed and told us our table wasn't in her section and then continued to stand there. Oh well.  The security guys are normally nicer when you have table service.  They introduce themselves and check in on you if you have table service.  The last time I was there we were outside near the fountains and the bouncer kept coming around asking if we wanted the heating lamps turned on and if we were doing okay.  That was much appreciated.Overall, I wouldn't recommend going to Hyde unless you have table service.  It's too small and awkward inside to stand around while people are trying to dance since there's no real dance floor.  I really do still love the view and really only like Hyde because of it.
5	My absolute FAVORITE club in Vegas hands down. I have been to Vegas numerous times, going to numerous clubs each time. Everyone says Marquee or XS is the top club, but I think Hyde has them beat in my preference categories. The couple times I was there it was excellent.The DJ does a great job mixing the music genres throughout. We were a group of four girls so the promoters brought us to tables which is always a good time. Setup is really cool, the patio opens up to the Bellagio fountains.Can't say enough good things about Hyde.
3	It's a pretty fantastic deal when you can get in with 6 girls and 7 guys with no wait, no cover and the girls got 4 FREE drink tickets each! Of course, once we got in the girls could only use the back bar of the main room for either vodka or champagne for the drink tickets. This place is on the smaller side when you think of Vegas nightclubs. The small outdoor area has a great view of the Fountains of Bellagio but it's mainly bottle service tables with some standing room. The "main" room has a dancing area that is flanked by bottle service tables so there's really not much room to dance. The DJ was ok but he gets props for giving Seattle some love when Macklemore came on ;) Overall, it was a great place to be for what we got and I'd actually rate it 3.5 stars. If it's your first visit to Vegas and you're only going to one club, check out the other big names like Tao, Tryst, Pure, etc.
4	Good music, crowd, and view
4	No line, free champagne and vodka drinks (for ladies to 10ish), confetti, good music, and a great view of the Bellagio fountain makes for 5 stars.  I took one star off because if you don't have table service, you're definitely left to dance in the walkway, which is passable.  The club itself is not very big, one large room and two smaller rooms to the side.  If you're having a special event and you get table service, they print your name out on large posterboard and make a big deal about your special event.  Nice touch.Heat lamps for the uncovered area was also welcoming (compared to Tryst where it's freezing until more people show up).
4	I love this place. Great crowed not ghetto.
4	Great view of the fountains of The Bellagio!Hyde is really small for a club, and on Tuesday Industry Nights this place can get ridiculously packed. The group we got in on Thursday with had 12 girls and 2 guys (including me), and even before the club event opened the promoters and managers were urging us to come inside ahead of time because our table is ready. I never saw such enthusiastic service!What left out the 5th star was the terrible music from the "band" that was playing for Thursday Lounge Night. I mean, these guys really fucked up every favorite song in the last 2 years, they ruined CeeLo Green and even played Party Rock on their crappy banjo looking things and karaoke acts. We all kept our hands over our ears and sat around the table in misery until midnight hit. When they are FINALLY done! Finally the real clubbing begins!
5	Whether you're in the mood to just enjoy cocktails and hang out or dance the night away, Hyde is the place. As a lounge, it's intimate,and has nice decor, and the perfect view.  The crowd for the most part is sophisticated, yet fun.  You can definitely bring a date or a group of friends or co-workers and they will be impressed.  It's elegant, but not pretentious.The staff is very attentive and friendly.  Ask for Anup about making table and group reservations.  He is the greatest host.  He will take care of you.  Have a lovely time.
2	Ugh ... maybe I'm just getting really old, but this place was too crowded, too noisy, too slow to serve the drinks and the drinks were just nasty.  NEXT!
4	Hyde lounge is the place to go for a quick drink and hang out or great night out or club feel. It is not a nightclub but they great music and the fun crowd that is in this place takes away from the lounge feel and makes it into a great night club. The service is phenomenal and the view of the fountains makes this a great place to enjoy an awesome vegas night! Although there are very few problems with Hyde Lounge the one i observed is that it is very small and that it can get very very crowded. If you can get over the crowd you can really have an awesome Vegas night. When I went for my birthday I couldn't have been more pleased with my whole experience and it really made my birthday. I am definitely going to go back to Hyde and I always recommend this place to all my friends. Overall great place and a ton of fun!
5	The views of the fountains from the tables are reason enough to come here! We had a great time watching the show every 15 minutes with a couple of drinks.
2	Not the most glamorous and sexiest clubs in Las Vegas... they don't really play the best music... but the 2x that I've been there I had a free table... once with a friends' friends birthday and another one for a company trip.  It's chill for a big party since you don't have to deal with the crowd.  I would definitely chose marquee, surrender or even xs over Hyde.
1	Hyde, to me, is pretty much everything people hate about Vegas. My three friends and I were walking through the Bellagio on our way to dinner. This guy stops us and asks us what we were doing that night. We tell him that we were going to go eat and then to a bunch of bars/clubs/etc. He tells us that he works for Hyde and he can put us on the guest list and get us a table with complimentary champagne and vodka. So, one of my friends gives him her name and number, and he adds us to the list. Fast forward a couple of hours to around 10:30, we decide to try this place out. We go up to the door and, like the guy said, we are on the list and we are being led to a table. The club/lounge is nice. It does have a great view of the fountains. But the one thing I noted was that there was a group of girls at every single table. And no one in the place is dancing. Everyone is just standing around, drinking, listening to the loud, but just ok, music being played. When we get to our table, the guy who led us there tells us that we should drink, dance, and look like we are having fun. Two waitresses come up right away and make us drinks with vodka and mixers. Right away I got why we are being treated so nice, we are basically there to make the club look its sooo cool and just THE place to be. And we obviously were not the only girls who were there for this purpose. This is all fine and dandy, I mean, hey, we got in for free, we have a table, and we have free drinks. The issue started when, as the club became more and more full, they began to cram more and more girls into each of the tables. They had obviously promised a lot of girls free tables and drinks. And the people at Hyde kept telling us to dance and smile and drink. After a while it was like really? If the music was good I would dance. If I was having a good time I would smile. The sad thing is that people who did pay to get into the club didn't look like they were having a good time either. It just was kinda lame. Other girls who were put into our table also started telling me how they were not really having fun, either, and how Hyde just seemed to be a joke. We left after less than an hour in the place, because although it was packed, it just wasn't that great. I feel like most Vegas clubs are like that. They try to force you to have fun and don't let it happen organically. I can have fun by myself, I don't need to be watched and told to dance/smile/drink. Lame.
3	I came here for my boss's birthday. The view of the Bellagio fountains is absolutely beautiful. The floorplan is annoying since the dance floor is more like a walk way. The place gets packed and it really hard to walk from one place to another due to how they up the furniture and eveything. The crowd is a bit older than some of the other clubs, but they still play EDM and such. It's alright, I probably wont come back unless my boss decides to throw another party here :P
5	When I think of Bellagio I think of timeless class and luxury,  so making a hot spot that fits into the resort is tricky, or so i thought.  Hyde is a lounge during the day and a nightclub 3 nights a week.  I've taken my mom who is over 60 here twice and she loves it, while I myself have came here for the nightclub portion a few times as well.Some would argue Hyde is small.... yes that is true and it can get a bit crowded, but it makes it a little easier to find your group! LOL  What I like the most is the view, as the nightclub is center stage to the fountain show!Another advantage is all the fresh air you get from outside due to the patio.  So many clubs are sweat boxes that this is a refreshing change.Even if you are a tourist or someone not into the whole club scene, I recommend coming here for 10 minutes just to take in the views!
5	One of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas.  It's beautifully decorated and the vibe here is always great.  Prices are the same as every other club in Vegas, so can't complain about that.  The view of the fountain show tops it off.
4	Very cool view, I'm a local guy but probably looked like a tourist snapping photos of the view. The music here doesn't get too loud till midnight so while you're still sober you can hear other people speak. Everyone working there looks good, the vibe is good and I don't remember the DJ but he made it fun. Its Vegas so the drinks are expensive but that's on par with most clubs of this caliber. They need a bigger dance floor. I went on a Tuesday and the place was packed, overall had a great time.
4	Came here for company event where everything was free.  So my review is basically of the club layout.  I liked the indoor/outdoor layout and it has great view of the fountains.  I looked and some pictures taken in the club the next day and the pictures just screamed "Vegas".  This is a pretty cool venue.
3	This review is for their "Club" mode on the weekends:In our early 30's, we are past are clubbing days for the most part but enjoy good music and some drinks.  Just finishing a game of Craps, we walked past Hyde and were given some discount tickets from one of the bouncers so we figured why not?  We only waited a couple of minutes to get it but that was annoying as there were like 10 people waiting behind their fancy pretentious red ropes.  I wasn't willing to wait much longer anyhow and how the hell does anyone wait an hour or more?  Really?  Don't you have anything better to do with your lives than wait an hour to get in and pay $2k for bottle service?  This place is really small and lots of the space is dedicated to table service (so all you making $70k can feel like you're rich) but the women are very attractive as are the servers and dancers so no complaints there.  The drinks are expensive like everything else in vegas - $14 for a mid-level liquor (Absolute, Captain, etc) but poured strong especially after a good tip.Music:  They had a good DJ (no clue who) who really kept the party going with great remixes of very new music.  My complaint is that their sound engineer must've had bottle service too as even 8-drinks in I could hear the horrendous distortion as they pushed their speakers beyond the limit.We have some great clubs in Atlanta that have more space, better prices, no waits, and better looking women (although they were quite nice here).  But I guess this is Vegas where everyone can be a VIP for a price.
4	Sexy club. 10 girls getting in for free and a free bottle. It pays it be girls in vegas. Love the view here.
4	This was my 8th time to Vegas and my first time at Hyde. This is a great spot. Less crowded and less douchey than Pure or Tao, and ladies get in for free. Ladies, you can also get free drink tickets from the promoters who wander the casino. It's classy, and the fountains are right there-great for Vegas first timers. The live band was amazing! It was such a good time and a nice change of scenery from Seattle. I even made out with this cute guy from Brooklyn who I'll never see again! Oops. I guess that part of the story was supposed to stay in Vegas. Too late! (Hi Brooklyn Guy if you're reading this!!! xoxo!!)
5	Great place for drinks and a view of the Bellagio fountains from behind. Had drinks there last Monday with a friend around 6pm. No cover, no crowds, and was able to get seating in the lounge area and later at the bar.
4	INGREDIENTS+1 part hippity-hoppity-happenin' nightclub+1 part hip, extravagant ultra lounge+Several parts gorgeous people+One badass promoter (Randon Cornett, will get to that later)** Blend all of this together to produce what is known as Hyde Bellagio.As you might have guessed from my little set of ingredient, Hyde is essentially the perfect happy medium between a beautiful ultra lounge and a packed, traditional Vegas nightclub...and I think that may be the reason it's one of my new favorite stops in Sin City. While it is not large in terms of square footage (not too many places to hyde...ha, ha, couldn't avoid the pun), they make up for it with their spot-on, wide-ranging music selections, superb bottle service, and overall aesthetics. And how many other clubs are literally 10 feet away from the Bellagio fountains? Uhh, NONE. About their music, I'd venture to say that it's a perfect mish-mash of EDM (my preference), top 40, and that "old school" hip-hop that every girl screams at the top of their lungs for-- like middle school girls listening to whatever teeny-bopper pop icon that is popular at the moment...I'll make my appointment for hearing aids soon. I have found Hyde to have more of an overarching exclusivity about it-- I have rarely seen those "questionable" folk inside (compare to that of Pure...ugh, review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pure-las-vegas#hrid:Z10vyPsArBMDqTPzaDHJ-Q). Like I've said, Hyde is beautiful, and most clientele inside match the interior design in this way. Pretentious, yes. One has got to have a pretentious side to drop $1,100 on a handle of Goose. But ghetto? Not so much. I have been lucky enough to go through a promoter by the name of Randon Cornett. Hands down the best promoter/host I've encountered in Vegas, he has been superb to my groups each time and has always hooked it up for us. PM me for his contact info-- he is definitely more than capable of helping you out with guest list/table rezzys.
4	-1 star for not having a bell person open the door for pretty girlsI have nooooo idea where to start with this review because although I've never been to the loungey part of Hyde, I think I would prefer the lounge aspect over the nightclub. The view of the Fountains of Bellagio is just too pretty to have such a crowded area with old guys hitting on young gals (sorry to the older yelpers)For those into EDM, this nightclub/lounge, you'll probably want to hop on to the next place on your list.
5	Memorial Day Weekend Review:PROS- Gorgeous view of the Bellagio Fountain (and midnight show) and Paris hotel- Burlesque dancers gave this club an old hollywood, flirty and even classy vibe!- Live cover performances of some current radio favorites- Unusually well dressed and good looking people- Can you tell this is my favorite club in Vegas (to date)?!CONS- Average-strength drinks. Not a con. More of a normalcy in an amazing place.
5	Ultimate luxurious lounge/nightclub with a very diverse crowd.  The dj's are stellar, the energy is always amazing and the cocktails are delicious!  Bottle presentations are like no other venue and a "must see".  The service is outstanding and the party doesn't stop until 5am!  Tuesday night ladies drink free champagne!  Can't beat that!
1	Everyday Vegas girls at the door, poor quality for a place like this. Very mediocre over rated bar with ok view of the fountains. Hyde at the Bellagio should stay hidden -- a total disappointment!
3	I swung by on a Saturday night and found it every bit of what you're looking for in a lounge to club scene. Dance floor in the center with easy to reach bar. The Lounge opens up to a scenic view of the Bellagio fountains and Paris Eiffel tower 'Juste en face'. Dancers liven up the place leading everyone to feel the vibe. DJ was solid and kept the crowd rolling with modern dance music. The crowd is good mix of ages all dressed hip. From 10 to 12 it is an easy lounge blend as after midnight it turns up the heat and becomes clubby. For Vegas this 3 star is a great review. You know what it is... There are allot of stellar clubs in Vegas. But this one is solid front to back.
3	This place is a lounge. Anyone who tells you this is a lounge/nightclub is wrong. I wouldn't recommend coming here unless you have a table with bottle service. It's too small to be considered a club by Vegas standards. It's not worth the $30 to get into. Go to an actual nightclub instead. The view of the fountains of the Bellagio is nice, but the tables and the people at those tables block part of the view. Fortunately we had a table.
5	Fantastic service, but don't go for the food
4	I'm not a club goer and this was my first club ever, but I have to say it was much better than I was expecting. Sure, it's small, but it never got uncontrollably crowded which is a HUGE plus for me. The aspect of the club that really appealed to me is that the location used to be a restaurant and they kept the open patio area for Hyde. Since the club is right behind the Bellagio fountains, several times while dancing you could look out and see the water show. It really added a beautiful touch to the whole experience.The cover charge for guys was $75. I don't know if that's standard or inflated since I went over 4th of July weekend, but that's just madness. Luckily for me I was able to get in for free when my finacee's sister (celebrating her 21st birthday) was able to sweet talk them into putting me on the list for free. Had I had to pay, my review would have been a whole lot different.
4	Came here to celebrate my 21st on June 22nd. Eric D-Lux was the DJ that night and I had a BLAST (seriously it was the shit)  Hyde itself is beautiful...I love looking over and seeing the fountain show. Minus 1 start because:I had been talking to a promoter who kinda flaked last minute, said he would get me in contact with another promoter who never got in contact with me and I showed up the night of and I wasn't on the list. Luckily the guy at the door was super nice and said he would take care of us but my first impression is that whoever is in charge of the promoters needs to tell the promoters to get their shit straight because it was really unprofessional. Also, there were 2 girls dressed in bunny and penguin mascot uniforms..that really threw me off. It looked super trashy, this isn't Chuck E Cheese Bellagio. At one point in the night they were also dancing on the little areas where the go go dancers usually dance and it seriously killed the mood.HOWEVER, the music was great. the space itself is super tiny and if you don't have bottle service you're pretty much confined to dancing in walkways but who cares if you're drunk and with a great group a people and the music is good too you're not even paying attention to all these things. The guy at the door gave each girl in my group 4 drink tickets....I love him. I had so much fun and am so glad that I ended up choosing to go to Hyde. Cannot wait to come back!!!!
5	Only heard great things about Hyde Bellagio.  Looking forward to checking it out this coming weekend!
3	My friends and I didn't plan on going here but a promoter stopped us and let us in. He even let us stay at his table.It's more of a lounge and there was a band playing covers. We also were given coupons for a complimentary drink.The lounge  has a view of the water show.A lot of couches and chairs around the place to sit at.We were there early and left for the next place so I don't know how it is later on into the night.
4	I'm not much for clubs, but this is my absolute favorite place to watch the Bellagio fountains. Anytime I have people in from out of town, this is my go to spot to have a drink and show them the fountains. The drinks are a little pricey, but as expected considering the venue. I ordered a bloody mary and it was perfect. I can't wait to go back for another.Our waitress and the rest of the staff were very friendly. They even let us sit at a reserved table, because we asured them that we would be gone before the club opened.
5	Though not the fanciest or craziest club in Vegas, I have to give Hyde high marks for the service.  Everyone was super nice, even then bouncers.  That's a change!  Promoter was prompt in returning messages and once we arrived went to check on our table every once in a while to make sure we were having a good time.I used to frequent this place when it was Fontana Bar, one of my favorite spots to watch the fountains.  I was disappointed when they changed it to a club, but they did do a very nice job.  Does not get crazy crowded, just the right amount of people.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Great place to see the fountains but this is definitely not a "club". There was a cover band playing when we were there which then became a DJ later in the night. The crowd is definitely on the older side. I'd say the average age was 30-40. Come here to see the fountains and such but that's about it.
5	I've only been to Vegas once and probably won't be back to Sin City but if I had to, I'd come back to Hyde Bellagio for another night of dancing and catching up with friends.5 stars for the view of the fountains, of course.5 stars for Tuesday Industry night (we got countless free drink tickets and the promoter even told our group we could come back any time and see one of the bouncers to get more tickets, sweet!).5 stars for the awesome DJ even on a Tuesday night (though from this first Vegas experience it seems like this city's weekday nights are still like Saturday night).If you get there early then you might even be able to score a spot sitting down near the fountains in the lounge area which you'll need to rest your heels in prep for the dance floor. This was perfect for our group, and I imagine most groups of friends, who meet up in Vegas to catch up a bit before the night really begins.Free drink tickets being given out like crazy has amongst many possible cons, one that I found particularly annoying and relevant to our groups main goal of dancing --and that is that free drinks makes for a sticky, sticky dance floor. The dance floor was also crazy crowded, which I guess is to be expected in Vegas and part of the experience.
5	The best Sangria in all the land!  Fabulous place to chill and have a drink cocktail!  Great view of the fountains!!!
5	I have been to the Hyde in Hollywood and have wanted to go to this one which is much larger. It was Sunday night and Evan and I weren't in the mood for a crazy packed nightclub so we came early (it opens at 5). We sat down at a cozy table in the corner and our cocktail server was such a doll. I ordered the Nitrogen Passion Fruit Mojito and since it took her a while to make it she made double for us. It's worth the $20 to see her mix it in the cold pan. My favorite part about Hyde is that you can see the Bellagio Fountains at a close view and when the show comes on, the Hyde music switches over to the fountain music on the sound system. Very cool. Come before the club madness for a romantic and classy cocktail date.
3	We met at this lounge two days before my wedding in Las Vegas so my friends and family could have a few drinks together, and for some so they could meet before the wedding.  The staff at Hyde treated us great, though there was only 1 server for about 20 of us.  We were given a reserved section of tables overlooking the fountains, thanks (I think) to the concierge at the Platinum Hotel who set it up.  The view was fantastic, as was the band that started playing later on in the evening.  I couldn't have asked for a better surroundings.The downsides: the food was just OK.  The drinks were tasty but between 15 and 20$ each - if you are from a smaller city this seems outrageous, but on the strip it turned out to be pretty standard.
4	In addition to a GREAT time, a cool VIBE, you get to experience the Bellagio Water Fountain Show from the other side. I say CHECK it out!! . . .oh, by the way, Mariah & Kelly provided stellar CUSTOMER SERVICE. MAHI LIVE(former American Idol contestant) plays(on rotation) here on Thursdays.
3	3.5 stars. Came here for a pre-dinner drink the other night. There was an event going on, so we weren't allowed out onto the balcony, but we could see the fountains going off from our little couch anyway. The drinks were tasty (pricey, but at least I got a liquid nitrogen show with mine!), and I really liked the decor. I would return.
4	Have to say there are a lot of things I really like and appreciate about this club. First it has to have one of the absolute best backdrops to stimulate your visual senses, the Bellagio Fountains. Second some of the friendliest/nicest door staff in all of Vegas. Now days with all the hubub, super starts and High Rollers it seems if your not dropping $5000+ grand on a table they treat you like shit. NOT the case here at Hyde, I've been here for parties, yelp events, Day/night and different nights of the week. They guys at the door have always treated me with respect, even when I'm getting in free. 3rd- Cover is never rediculous, a lot of times you can get in free with a VIP card they hand out in the casnio, if not it's usually $20 for guys. Way better than the $150 cover Hakkasan charges guys just to walk in. They've usually got a couple great DJ's each night, it's always packed and you can't beat the location. I'd recommend this to all of my out of town or in town friends.
4	Came here on a Tuesday night recently.The music started off as hip hop, then changed to top 40, before ending the last few hours of the night with EDM. A good mix of music.Atmosphere was fantastic however a lot of questionable people about. And a lot of guys trying to look for hookers! Hence why I knocked one star off from this review. We had a table right underneath the DJ booth and had a fun time. Would definitely return but only on a Tuesday night.
3	Not huge on spending too much time writing reviews on clubs because a club is a club. Nothing much to say. It's the same thing everywhere you go.My first time at Hyde for a launching of a friends clothing line "The Livery" and let me say, I wasn't impressed nor completely disappointed. For sure the smallest on the strip that I have ever been to. The ambience was good, it didn't get super packed until 1 a.m. and that's when it was time to go because walking or moving was impossible at that point. Loved the view to the Bellagio fountains! This was the only super cool thing about the place. A-Ok!
4	The best place for an event , Right on the water of the Bellagio Fountains , amazing and perfect spot.
4	I haven't been to this venue since it was the Fontana Bar, and WOW, what a difference!! I was a bit peeved at the wait time in line, especially since we had a table, but once we got in, things were good. This is the club with the best view in Vegas, that's for sure. The music was great, and we had a good time. The only other issues we had were minor ones: 1) We had a table on the outside portion of the club- and the ceiling fans weren't working! It made for a pretty hot (not in a good way) time, especially since we were dancing.2) The cocktail waitress wasn't all that speedy or attentive. We made our own drinks several times because she was nowhere to be found.The music and the view, especially when the fountains are going, made up for it, though.
4	Where else can you get your party on in full view of the famous Bellagio fountains?  No where but Hyde!The decor is a lot like Hyde Beach in Miami - like a chic library that no one would ever bother to read a book in.  Tables abound, including a prime location right smack-dab in front of the fountains - only a Plexiglas barrier between you and the waterworks.  The stage area is in the middle of the largest room, with a bar in the far back.We were there for a bachelorette weekend and opted for the 2-hour open bar package for our group, so I can't speak to the price of individual drinks.  We were escorted in by one of the promoters we'd been working with, and drink tickets were handed out - a different color for each hour of the promotion.  Lines at the bar were minimal, and the bartenders were all very friendly.  There was some great people-watching going on, and the music was on point - all the songs we definitely wanted to hear (and a few we were sick of already).  Definitely a cool spot that I would hit up again on a return trip to Vegas!
4	1 star for the view. each night is a diff vibe so check the dj/live music ahead of time. 1 star for free admission1 star for free drinks for the wife1 star for not having to wait in line (get on the guestlist)only drawback, if you dont reserve a table you have to stand (or dance) the whole timegets really crowded and rowdy so it would be nice to have a place for people who want to lounge more but not pay the table minimum
5	Beautiful lounge with the best view in Vegas of the Bellagio fountains and the Eiffel Tower!  The original peach bellini was delicious and we were able to enjoy 2 fountain shows during our time there...perfection!
5	What a blast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fountains, Women, Drinks, DJ was jamming...a diversity of women.  And nothing less than a 8 in the club.   So women have your heels ready and men have your game face on!!!!  AN AMAZING SPOT...check it for yourself!!!!
4	I really loved the atmosphere here and the bartenders were nice and fast. I thought the little cards they use for free drinks were a lot more classy than just a normal wrist band.My only complaint is that if you aren't getting bottle service there isn't really anywhere to get off your feet for a few minutes. So ladies, instead of four inch heels you might want to go with three inch.
5	Was here on Tue/17 Sep, Tue/24 Sep and a few months ago on a Thu:- No cover charge to get in when it's a lounge (opens at 5 pm).  On some nights it becomes a club at 10:30 pm but if you get in before 10 pm it's free and on your way out you can get a club stamp and re-enter (when it's a club) without paying.- Staff is awesome.  Host Piero, security James, stamper (he gave us the club stamp) Nathan (goes by Nate).  Waitresses/bartenders are cool.- Hyde overlooks the Bellagio fountains.- Skyy vodka tonic $13.  Coke $5.  Belvedere vodka tonic $15.
5	Amazing Views of the Bellagio Fountains! Nightclub Tuesday, Friday and Saturday, Fall-Spring XIV Vegas Sessions monthly on a Sunday, Live Music Thursdays. For Guest List or to Reserve a table, contact me at (702) 355-9613.
5	Stopped into Bellagio Hyde for a quick drink to end our night on the strip. Amazing place to watch the Bellagio fountains. We were there on a Monday night which was considered Lounge night. The music was nice and ambience beautiful. Had a terrific drink called Hyde Bramble which is topped with blackberry foam. Great waitress, very sweet and attentive. Wonderful experience!
4	Very Nice Place if you're in Vegas you Should try it.Nice staff awesome Service,cool People and lots Of Fun....
4	Fun nightclub in the Bellagio. The view of the fountains are amazing . Nice little bar area off to the side of the dance floor, if you want to get out of the craziness.
5	LOVE IT HERE!I attended a wedding at Hyde before the club opened to the public at 10pm and everything was simply perfect. From the gorgeous views of the fountains to exquisite specialty cocktails, to a creme brulee bar in lieu of wedding cake, this proved to be an incredible venue for such a special event. A true Vegas wedding but classier than the stereotypical Elvis chapel.The staff were wonderful and I just can't get over the views overlooking "Paris" and those freakin' gorgeous fountains!
3	View is amazing overlooking fountains, food is so so, drinks are amazing, especially the love unit.  Service is no good.
3	I seriously don't even remember getting to this place but right when we walked in, you hear an announcement...."HAPPY 60th!!!!"  Looked around, and this place definitely has an older crowd.  It was okay because my friends and I were feeling very happy ;)  Ordered 3 shots and a mixed drink for my friends and this came out to be around $60!  Please make sure pre game first because drinks are definitely expensive, especially in vegas!!  It was a bit crowded and the place was a little small.  You can see the fountain show from across the place which was pretty cool!  Bouncers everywhere reminding you to not sit on the platforms.  They should really have some kind of designated area to sit because damn these heels can kill girls!  Overall, cool place but I'd rather go somewhere else.NOTE:-unisex sinks for everyone but separate bathrooms for girls/guys
4	I'm so glad that I came here during a lounge day.  Had a nice seat in front of the Bellagio fountains and had a watermelon cucumber alcoholic drink.  The drink was plenty strong, but not very smooth.  The $18-20 drink cost is also steep.  Regardless, this is a beautiful spot to have a drink on a lounge night.  They are a club 2-3 times per week.  Advanced reservations for seating are a good idea if you want to secure a spot in front of the fountains.
4	I went to Hyde on my last trip to Vegas at the end of September with my husband. I knew it had a view of the Bellagio Fountains, so I convinced the husband to grab some drinks there. Before 10 pm, there is no cover and no line to get in (this was especially great since it was a Friday night). While we didn't get seats, we did have a great standing location near the tables closest to the fountains. Drinks are pricey - we paid $17 each for rum and cokes, but I understand the markup since it's Vegas and because you are getting a great view of the fountain shows.The space is beautiful and I would not hesitate coming here again on a future Vegas trip for a drink and an upclose view of the famous Bellagio Fountain show!
4	Hyde at the Bellagio is a smaller and more intimate club versus your typical night club. The club has a very small dance floor, but they have plenty of tables and booths. I'm guessing it's like all other clubs where they offer bottle service. I'm not too sure since I came here for an event so everything was free. The service here is very good. The person at the front was very friendly. Once inside you have the option of going up to the bar to get a drink or wait for one of the girls to come around to take your order. On that night they had two bars open with 2 bartenders total. Both were female and they were wearing low-cut vests to show off some cleavage. The girls that come around to the tables were wearing gold dresses. Pretty much all of the workers were female except for a few guys who were serving the food. The view here is absolutely beautiful. The windows are completely open and you have an incredible view of the Bellagio fountain show with Paris and Planet Hollywood in the background. The show was playing every 15 minutes so don't worry if you missed one since you'll be able to see about 10 shows during your visit here. I would definitely come back here to see how it is when there isn't a private event going on. I feel like each club in Vegas kind of caters to a certain age group. In my opinion this club caters to people who are in their late 20's on up. I also think this club is more for socializing rather than dancing since they have enough seats, but barely any dance floor. Anyway, it's a great club and I'm glad that I was able to pay a visit here on my most recent Vegas trip!
1	Coming to this place was the worst experience I've ever had in my whole life! DO NOT TRUST THE PROMOTERS IN THIS PLACE! They will Promise you a table with bottles SIT YOU! And once you're seated let you be there for 30 MINUTES and then kick you out....! They forcefully threw me and my friends out and we did NOTHING wrong... Do not come here!  Once We paid the promoter and the waitresses they threw us out 5 minutes later.
2	The inside is really nice with the views of the fountains. But I only give it 2 stars because the music was really crap. Some of the songs were played several times in the same hour or so we were there! I could play better songs on my iPod, and I'm no DJ! We got in for cheaper as we were staying at the bellagio, and as chicks we got 2 free drinks with a choice of vodka or champagne... Which was warm! The dance floor is very small due to the sectioned off areas at both ends of the d floor. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.... XS nightclub however was awesome!
4	Shhh ... don't tell anybody.  This is a nightclub in Bellagio, but before it becomes a night club, from about 530PM to 10PM it is a bar.  A bar which has a front row unobstructed view of the Bellagio fountains.  The drinks are Vegas expensive, and the food also so, with a limited menu (but good food) but who cares?  It's the perfect spot to avoid the crowds and enjoy the fountains.
1	I had a very bad experience at hyde. I don't go out clubbing...but I did this rare time...I was embarrassed and humiliated with the door security and the club manager. It was involving being id'ed and refusal in club for a company party...since then I will not refer..promote or endorse the club...I work in the industry and also know ppl...so this is a serious yelp regarding the unprofessionalism and disrespect I indured during my only visit to @hydebellagio
4	I came here for a private event and really loved the space.  The view of the Bellagio Fountains from the window tables is unbeatable.  I also loved the way the place is set up with some tables on platform.  It makes it more interesting.  The dance floor is small but well placed in the center as well as the little stage.  Servers were friendly and came around with yummy treats often though I wished the ladies were more covered.  (though this is Las Vegas)The bartender we had was efficient but utterly humorless but may have needed help since she appeared to be the only one serving our party.  There is a helper in the bathroom (which was black, gray, and modern) who expected tip after she turned on the water faucet for me.  I normally would do this, but she did not seem at all interested in being there and did not say hello or anything to me.  She did manage to look me up and down in a critique of my apparently not so stylish attire.  I'd come here if invited again and only if I don' t have to foot the bill which I'm sure was enormous.
4	I was a bit skeptical coming here for my friends bachelor party.  But I had a great time.  Our table had a great view of the fountain show.  The music was top 40 with a bix of hip hop clubbing music and some EDM from time to time.  We even had Coolio show up to hype up the crowd.  The DJs were awesome and they even had a guy playing the saxophone play along with the DJ that was pretty AWESOME!  We had a ton of bottles to drink that night and our server was awesome too!  I had a great time here.
4	What a cool little place!!  I attended a networking event here and I was pleasantly surprised!  There's the obvious great view of the water fountain show, but I really dig the classy style of the place.  I could see it getting over crowded at some point though, especially around the smaller bar area tucked in the back. Servers and bussers were all very polite and on top of everything as well.  Bartenders were friendly, but even for a beer it reminded you you were definitely out on the strip lol, but overall I really dig it.  Would definitely come back to check it out on a normal night, no networking so I can really get a chance to enjoy the place.
2	Meh.  The music is pretty bad with frequent repeats, and don't expect to dance.  The lay out is not friendly, even for those in the VIP areas, with no real dance floor and super restricted views of the club. It  feels over crowded in an unpleasant vs. Fun party way. Drinks take foooreeeeeva here!On a positive note: the dancers are pretty stellar if you can see them, there are fun confetti drops, and the bouncers are very professional and respectful, (even if you have a bunch of guys in your group), the wait to get in is also more reasonable than  other places.
2	It's so hard for me to figure out what stars to delve out to Hyde. Hyde is probably the tiniest "club" in Vegas. It really doesn't even look like a club, but more like a lounge. If the place is packed (which it usually is) there is no room to walk, no where to sit, no dedicated dance floor, and there really isn't anywhere to stand. Prepare to get pushed, shoved, bumped into, and accidentally hit. This shit show is at it's absolute best and worst when they do the XIV, a neon party (which is one Sunday a month and stars at 5 PM). No joke. You can't ask for a better party pit, but the only way to thoroughly enjoy this space is to have a table. MUST have a table. Seriously. MUST.When it's not the overly packed, the space feels a lot like an upscale lounge. Stunning views of the Bellagio fountains and the surrounding strip area. The music here various from Top 40 to EDM.Cover and drink prices are on par with other strip club/lounge pricing. Look for a promoter on Twitter or Facebook.
2	The best part about Hyde is that I did not pay a cover (since we arrived before 10 pm) and we could see the Bellagio fountains from the place we were sitting. The drinks were good, but they do run ~$18 for a cocktail. If you do decide to get a cocktail, my recommendation would be the Blood and Sand, a delicious and hearty bourbon cocktail that a friend ordered.  Our waitress was fine, but it would have been nice, when we ordered our drinks at 9:45 if she would have mentioned that all seating changes in to bottle service by 10:15 or 10:30.The worst parts about our Hyde experience...well, the bottle-service seating thing (since the space is on the small side), the pricy drinks, we wanted to try the $20 liquid nitrogen cocktail, but were told told that they were out of the nitrogen, and lastly, and the most egregious:  we had been given tickets on the Strip that noted reduced cover and a free drink.  When we first arrived and tried to use the ticket we were told that the door person should have given us the drink ticket...out I go to ask them for the tickets.  They tell me that we have to wait until 10:30 to get the ticket, even though we were already inside the club. Ok, so I go back in and we hang out, until around 10:30 when we can no longer sit, we go out to get the drink tickets and are told that since we were already in the club, to get the tickets, we have to stand in the super long line.  With the smallness of the club, and the hoard trying to get in, we decided it was not worth it.  Hit up Chandalier in the Cosmopolitan for cheaper (and better) drinks and great people watching.In the end, it wasn't event that I wanted was my cheap well freebie!!! I just felt that it was totally false advertising and the door people were VERY condescending. I would recommend going before 10, watching the fountains, and heading out.
5	Hyde is THE BUSINESS!  Nick Montoya is my host there and HE IS THE HOSTESS WITH THE MOSTESS!  Never a dull moment! Throw down Thursdays they have live music and it is all that! On the 50 yard line of the Fountains
1	Came here for my best friends Bach and this promoter guy named Nick Montoya promised us a good time,drinks,and a table. When we got there...club scene was ehh and to make things worst..Nick didn't go thru with his promises.BIG BOO to him. Don't trust this guy one bit.he totally disappointed not just me but my best friend. We left and went to Marquee! love that place.
3	At this swanky club, before 10:30 there is no cover (but any free drink/cover vouchers won't work).  We didn't have to wait in any sort of line and there were plenty of seats at 9:30. Table service doesn't start until 10:30, so you can sit and there are waitresses before then.  The Bellagio fountains are easily viewable from the club, which was a nice bonus.  We tried several of their signature cocktails, all of which were very good and obviously devised by a talented mixologist. The Bloody Sand with scotch and sangrita was my favorite, but the mojito-esque cocktail was also tasty.  We also tried one with berries and brandy, I think.  All of them were ~$18 but the ambiance and views made it worth it, at least prior to 10:30...  At 10:30, the club changes from a rather relaxed space to a rather uptight, exclusive bar. You have to pay for bottle service to have a seat.  The dress code gets stricter and almost all the chicks were wearing very, very short tight dresses. Didn't see another gal in pants or slacks...It was enjoyable earlier in the evening but as the night wore on, the music got too loud for conversation and the room started filing up so we decided to leave.As we exited, there was a long line of people waiting to enter (even though there was plenty of space inside). We asked about getting our free drink vouchers so we could have 1 more round prior to departing, but the door man said we had to get in the back of the line if we wanted the vouchers.  We decided to head out instead.  While a neat Vegas experience,  I likely won't be back.
1	This place b renamed as only only beautiful girls club..rather than hyde.So, we reach here call the  bouncers but noone hears us..we had been added to the guest list and when we ask a bouncer she says somone els will come and assist us..the they keep ignoring ..Then after waitin for 20 mins..a guy comes and tells us so who added u in guest list ...on showing the message sent by the person who added us...the bouncer says...we dont know this lady who added u ..she doesnt even work here....I mean what?????? was he kidding...that guy was rude...IN the meanwhile..5 girls who were not even waiting in the line were let in ... outta turn we were standing there like fools.Then the guy comes in and says..ok we will let the girl come in..but the guy has to pay 100 $...i mean 100 $...were they kidding us...after standing there for 45 mins...all we could get to c was if there were grp of girls..or grp of guys...they were let in..if couples are asked she they shooed away...even after being in the guest list ..If u have 100 $ ull b let in..els dont even think about it..Also, i heard one bouncer talking to another...if someone asks to let in..tell dem 40 $ ..no 60 $ ..DO NOT NEGOTIATE..!! I dont recommend dis place at all...
2	I'm not sure if Hyde sucked because we went on Christmas Eve or if it always sucks. My friends and I were expecting the best of the best at this club but were greatly disappointed. At least we got in free through a guest list and had free drinks but they were only offering free champagne or mixed vodka drinks :/ And the line for the bar was HUGE each time. To top it off the bartnderess was rude. My purse got pulled off me and I had to go get it with security. The DJ sucked that night. The dance floor felt like a walk way because people kept shoving through... I really hope it was a bad experience because of the date we chose to go. I never thought I'd use this word on Yelp but it was RATCHET.
2	The view of the fountain was nice but otherwise if you don't have a table there is no where to stand and dance. Not worth the time and money. Music was bad too
4	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #13 - #365Formally, "The Fontana Bar and Lounge" SBE Entertainment and MGM International decided to redesign and rebrand the Fontana Bar to add some nightlife to the Bellagio, I believe it kills the sophisticated and classy theme that makes the Bellagio famous for. Hyde Bellagio is in the same league as the Bond Bar and Chandelier Bar at the Cosmopolitan which is only a 10 - 15 minute walk. In my opinion, those bars have much to offer compared to Hyde. The few things I liked about the this bar / lounge was the close view of the Bellagio Fountains, drinks, and friendly staff. It's nice to come by, relax, mingle with tourists, and watch the Bellagio Fountains. The fountains were so close to the lounge, that you can almost feel the mist from the water  jets. I'm not much into the clubbing scene as I was a few years ago but the lounge is a great place to just relax from the casino or whatever. TIP: Bellagio guests get in free, just show your room key and you're good to go. Unless they have a special event going on, just have to pay whatever fee they have.
3	Watching the fountain is the best part. The drinks are tasty, and seem to have a decent amount of alcohol in them, and the prices are typical Strip prices- about $15-$18 for cocktails. They were handing out 2 for 1 coupons around Bellagio, which is what drew us in, so the price wasn't bad at all, and there's no cover during the day. Note that a bucket of domestic beers was $50 though, which is crazy. Service was friendly as well, so the place is worth checking out for a couple drinks and to watch the fountains, then move on.
5	In Vegas for the weekend with a Grand Canyon day trip (http://www.yelp.com/biz/grand-adventures-las-vegas). Booked a table on Saturday night with a few buddies through Richie Summers (Richie@sbe.com) for a pretty reasonable price. Showed up around 11pm and were escorted to our table. Our server was nice, highly attentive, and seemed to really enjoy the party. About a hour later, we got upgraded to a presidential table with the sweetest view in the club. Our second server wasn't as awesome as the first, but to her credit the Taiwanese business men in town for CES next to our table kept manhandling her. Great music, funfetti (Who doesn't love funfetti?!), dancers in furry costumes (who doesn't love furry animals that dance?!), and plastic oversized glow sticks (just to make sure you don't hurt anyone especially yourself). And we danced, and we cried (ok not really) and we laughed and had a really really really good time.
4	This is one of my favorite clubs in vegas!  I know that might sound weird, based on the other reviews that you might read.  The servers are quick and the drinks are good for $15.  The door guys have personality and the djs/entertainment is my favorite part.  When I first came here, the servers wore "V-for Vendetta" masks along with a bunch of other weird stuff.  Even though this place isn't the biggest in the world, the vibe is awesome and the bellagio fountain is just outside.  They leave the windows open so at points the mist from the fountain will hit you if you are on that side of the club!  The back drop for the DJ's is made from a bunch of different sized, metal, candlesticks that are mounted to the wall and pointing towards the crowd!  Also, I really like Hyde on Thursday as they can't really compete with the mega clubs like Hakkasan, XS, and Marquee on the weekends so they bring in great talent on Thursday and they RAGE!  Come prepared!
1	Probably the lamest club in Vegas. Music sucks , crowd sucks , tables suck! Why go to Hyde when you can go to hakkasan or marquee or the million other newer and better clubs! Plus, the bouncer Jeff or Jo of John  is a lil bitch. Chill ur a bouncer , calm the ef down. Ur not Obama
5	Totally hip place to see the Bellagio fountain show bad enjoy some good beverages and fare!
5	I went here for New Year's! It was much better than usual, because Paris Hilton was there DJing. There were tons of people still trying to get in at 1 O'clock in the morning and I was one of the lucky ones. There was confetti flashing lights and tons of people ordering Dom Perignon. Many people were wearing tuxedos too. I wore a Ralph Lauren shirt with a leather jacket and Dockers and ordered Seagrams 7 Crown and 7 Up. Best New Year's ever!
4	If you come to Vegas, you have to visit the fountain at Bellagio which is the landmark and signature of fabulous Vegas. At Hyde, you have the best view of the fountain. Sophisticated, upscale and classy ambiance. Nice service, good drinks. Great energy with chill-out music which made me feel relaxed, happy but easy to mingle at the same time.
4	The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is I am not a fan of what happens when it turns into a "Night Club" . I REALLY REALLY Love this place for the experience and the ability to watch the fountain show from the inside lines. It's a beautiful place with the typical "over priced" fancy cocktails. The cool thing is they do drink specials and open bar for females which is what lured us in . The Bartenders all seemed really friendly and I love the vibe. My only reason for not giving 5 stars is the security guys are not really very nice! I was designated driver and totally sober and they were really uptight and not friendly. One of my friends got white girl wasted and we ended up getting what she thought was a "VIP EXIT" frankly she was cut off.. Which I am glad they do because too often in Vegas clubs they allow people to get way too trashed. I just think they could've been a little sweeter. Plus when it turns into a "Club" the space is really not laid out nicely for it so its a bit much but overall this is a awesome place to check out. If you don't mind paying $20 for a cocktail go while it is more of a lounge and watch the fountain show which plays to the music and enjoy a drink. BEWARE though in the winter it gets pretty chilly!
1	My wife was robbed at Hyde this weekend. (Valentines Day) Someone stole her phone from her handbag. Casino security and Hyde security were totally unhelpful. They basically said this happens all the time and there's nothing they could do. Adding insult to injury Bellagio security said maybe she lost it and it will turn up tomorrow. Casino security also said the club is rented by SBE and Bellagio has nothing to do with what goes on there. Since the club is full of cameras it's unclear why they were unwilling to be helpful. If you go watch your belongings!
4	I like Hyde. the main thing it's got going for it is the great view of the fountains. enjoy the fountain show while partying down and boozing up!it's a relatively small venue, so it has a tendency to get crowded. mostly i come for the view.
5	What a gorgeous gem!!! This review is strictly for the lounge timeframe before they convert the venue into a club. After finishing a birthday meal with my large party at Sensi, we dropped by this bar for a few drinks before heading out for the nights festivities. Absolutely breathtaking views. A full wall of windows looks out to the Bellagio Fountain.  There is open seating where you can chill with your buddies while taking in the water show (goes off every 30 minutes). Typical expensive drinks, but having an hour or so to kill at this venue is a must.
5	Great live music. Busy, but not too crazy. Scored a seat at the bar and had a great view of the Bellagio Fountains.
3	didn't really like the music but great vibe and fun atmosphere. lots of VIPs on the scene so they were given special attentions and it was fun to watch.
1	not worth it at all! not the long waiting line, not the price they want you to pay to skip the long wait and the service is extremely poor..specially when it came to the bartenders. unless you pay for a VIP table nothing to do other than just stand around with no place to dance and  if are a guy looking for pretty girls this place is nothing but a sausage party. avoid it all together!
4	I love this place! From the central location on the casino floor to the jaw dropping view of the strip and Belligio fountain show! Why crowd around outside in the cold in front of hotel when you can sip a drink and sitting on a plushy couch and enjoy the show?! They do resident mixers to where I always meet some great people! Highly recommend coming here! The lounge also turns into a club which was pretty neat.
1	Yelp needs to give the option of NO stars as well as stars with negatives. My first and last time going to this sh*thole of a club was last night. The scrawny guy with the clipboard will one day get a good face slap/punch from a guest. He purposely walked back and forth, giving you the impression he was coming your way, all to go back the opposite direction. I watched him let in females that looked like straight garbage. The one next to me smelled like a wet dog and looked like she was dragged out of an alley. Not clean at all!! Then he said he cant let a guy in bec he didn't have a collar on his shirt. Yet there it was, 3 other guys walking in WITHOUT collar shirts. People came up AFTER us and were let in. So I finally complained to the Asian girl working the front as well and told her, "We've been standing here for 30 mins snd this dill hole keeps ignoring us. If we're not getting in, tell us so we don't stand here looking like idiots. Look at me, I'm dressed clean and classy, yet this girl next to me looks homeless and she's about to get in. What the hell kind of place are you running?!"  She immediately went to that stupid guy and whatever she said, he came over all friendly and what not, then let us in. I definitely believe these people are racist. Felt sorry for the guys next to us as well. They came with 6 girls and the girls were admitted, but the guys got stopped at the rope. What a slap in the face. After one of the guys realized that his GF went in and left him outside, he said "Screw a relationship.. Lets go bec we're not getting in". All of a sudden the GF realized, a bit too late, that she should've stuck with her group she came with. After the BF said he was leaving (and he did) she ran after him.. Pretty funny drama while on line..lol.. Anyways, we got in and it was more of a lounge setting than a club. I don't care for house/techno type music much, but some of it is do-able. The bar had about 3 people working it and about 30 patrons waiting for drinks. Ridiculous! As another review stated, this is a standing club unless you buy bottle service. As for security, it's amazing what these $8.50 an hour sloppy guys do. The super obese Polynesian guy, with the hotdogs on the back of his neck, was beyond rude (but these seem to be the people Bellagio takes pride in having work for them). He pushed several people and forced people to move out if the way. Ummm hello, where was the damn fire Marshall?! That place was a fire hazard, so it's difficult for people to move around in there. Pushing people is a no no and I got pushed I would've been tossed because they would've been wearing my free drink. This is a discriminating place to patrons. Funny thing is, they should be the same way with the staff bec the big black guy at the ropes looked DISGUSTING and so did most of the others. They want attractive people in the club with their puke face staff. Give me a break!!! Save the trouble and go to Palms or LAX where they're ACTUALLY organized and professional.
5	I've been here twice and had a great time both nights. It doesn't get too packed here and the crowd seems to be a little older than the more popular night clubs. Drink prices are decent. One night we went, there was a magician over by one of the bars performing magic. I was absolutely mind blown. The view overlooking the body of water and the fountains is spectacular and it's also great when you need some fresh after dancing for a while. Hyde might not have the appeal of an XS, Marquee, or Hakkasan, and it certainly isn't for everyone, but it's been perfect for me the times that I've gone.
4	We went on a Monday so it was fairly dead but it is vegas so maybe 30-40 people? Not exactly sure. The guy next to us bought us each a shot of patron just being friendly so that was cool. We sat on the sort of patio where you get a great view of the fountains while on a comfy couch.     Drinks were pricey but what you'd expect. Our server took her time in between drinks but that's ok as you'd have to have more money than I do to get drunk here ( I'd estimate $300/400 if you're really planning to drink here. But you're not. You'll drink before as this is vegas where you can drink where ever when ever.    So to sum up, I usually hate trendy clubs but this place was chill and I had fun. I would go back.    And yes I'm part of that older crowd ( 38) to whom this place seems to cater.
4	You can't beat the view here!  The open air view of the Bellagio fountains is gorgeous at night!  This was also the only club we went to in Vegas that gave out a free drink to my husband for checking in while we were waiting in line.  Girls on the guest list were given about 3 free drink tickets (1 for checking in and 2 for being on the guest list).  Overall, our favorite club in Vegas mainly for the amazing view and fresh air!I took off a star because the wait to get into Hyde is crazy.  We were on the guest list and still had to wait almost an hour to get in.  The most frustrating thing was that there was no real order to how or when they were letting people in.
4	Visted on 4-12-14I have to say this is a hidden gem inside of the Bellagio! We visted this amazing place around 8-ish when it was still a lounge. The door man was very nice and cracked a few jokes while checking our ID's which made us all walk in with smiles. Went straight to the bar and ordered a round of drinks and sat at a table. The drinks were strong and delicious! We then flagged down a very nice server who was great! Can't remember her name though :/ I decided to order a bottle of champagne and an appetizer which we were all very satisfied with! Later on my sister came to join us and we enjoyed a few more cocktails. THE BEST PART I must say is the EPIC view of the Bellagio fountains! You're so close  to the action that you literally feel the mist from the water! I gladly enjoyed 4 completely different shows while I was there. It was a great experience and we recieved great service, I will definitely return when I'm back in Vegas!
1	I wont lie Hyde is a really really beautiful place.. BUT whats the worth of this beautiful place if the service is really really horrible? .... We got a table and our busser was just a plain Jerk. They had to kick us out of our table since other guest purchased the table and the busser ran over me without apologizing... by brother tried to talk to the guy and he was just a jerk. NEVER AGAIN! PS: the busser even tried to start a fight.
1	Never visit this place... This nightclub single handily ruined my bachelor party... Visited on Saturday April 19th.. We got invited to a booth there from some girls who were celebrating a bachelorette party... We got into the club and it was awesome... Eventually met up with the girls and a security guard told us we couldn't be there... We complied and began leaving the booth... It was a Saturday so it was super busy basically shoulder to shoulder busy so it was taking us a while to move... The guard being very immature and under trained began yelling at us and we kept saying we r leaving we r leaving... He than called over another security guard took our I.ds and kicked us out... We were in there for 10 min.. I realize that the company probably could care less about what I have to say but I wanted to help out other people by just choosing to go else where... This security guard should lose his job he began making faces at us and mocking us after we got kicked out... Very unprofessional if you are going on a bachelor party take your business else where your groomsmen and best man are spending a lot of money on this Vegas trip Tao marquee and XS are way better
5	I just recently went here and I must say that I had the time of my life! The music was on point, the guy that was making our drinks at our table was super nice and not bad looking at and the dranks just kept coming!!! Def. prefer this place over TAO!!!
4	Went here for a pre-dinner drink on our last evening in Vegas.  Can't beat the view of the fountain. The service was snooty and the kitchen disorganized, but they comped our app for getting lost in the shuffle.  Would I buy those almost $20 drinks again? Yeah, for the view, probably.
1	The view is about all this place has going for it. They packed the bar/club with tables so it is clear as to the person they are catering to. The dance floor is tiny (smallest I have seen in Vegas). The night I was there the DJ was schizo. If a song was playing for 30 seconds it was way too long for him and on to the next one. Very difficult to dance to.
2	The only thing I really like about this place was that it's inside the Bellagio (gotta love their pina coladas) and they gave me and girlfriends a shiz ton of drink tickets - which they let us use on Champs. We didn't stay long for more than a drink each. Place was filled with random people they pulled from the hotel. One of their promoters Brian Ratleff was a complete sleaze-ball and made tons of empty promises. There are far better nightclubs in Vegas - this, is definitely on the far end of the stick (at least for me).
1	Unfriendly service.  Very small.  Bad layout.
4	Had a great time here last weekend, but that was mostly because of the great people I was with. Here are the pros and cons: PROS: - Played great music. I am not a fan of house music - I like to hear songs I actually know. They played a wide range - not just Top 40 but even some great "oldies" (80s and 90s). Great dance music! - They have good drinks - strong! - If you can get to the back where the windows are, there is an amazing view.CONS: - Bouncer was a douche (not unusual I guess) - Place is not big and incredibly crowded - barely walking room - but it was the Mayweather fight weekend, so that's probably why :) - There isn't really a "dance floor". It's an odd layout that isn't open, but choked by way too many private booths and walkways, so people are just dancing wherever. All in all, I still give it 4 stars because the music was awesome all night!
1	Hotel was able to get us passes. What was then told to us is since we arrived after 12, ladies got in free and men had to pay 30 bucks. Misleading, scammy and a total shakedown considering they were letting in people free right and left. I've been there before and just wanted to show a few friends the interior. Best to go before dark to see the fountains and enjoy the daylight. After dark the bouncers and company that runs the club takes over and boy are they awful, rude. Try a place where you can get in and relax and not be scammed and treated like a kid. This place is for young kids who don't know better.
4	Me and my friends wanted to hit up one more club before we left Saturday and we met Tommy(SBE) walking through the forum shops earlier in the day. We met him and he walked us to the door and each got free tickets for champagne or vodka drinks. When we went inside I couldn't believe how may good looking fellas were inside. It's like everywhere I turned there was a hottie! We got our drinks and went down to the dance floor. I loved the music and the DJ. The crowd was fun and the open view was beautiful, though we got there too late to see the fountains. I wish we didn't have to leave so early or we would've stayed there all night! Will definitely be back for when my friend turns 21 in a few months! Thanks Hyde and Tommy for sending us off with a bang!
2	This place is so disorganized. You arrive to a crowd of people as if the club has been taped off for a crime scene and everything is trying to see what's going on. The "guest list" is the most crowded area, some people waited an hour and they were on the guest list. Probably figured "they're not paying us, so let's make them wait". The guys "working" the entrance just stand around and just stare at the crowd. I was on the guest list and they said I wasn't, But decided that my party was going to pay $40 a person after waiting for so long. Come to find out I was on the guest list but they tried to rip off me and my friends. If you have the free drink tickets ladies be prepared for bitchy bartenders (not all of them, just the blondes, especially the one with the very short hair with the shaved side). I wouldn't even recommend bottle service because the club is so small. Plus sides: they had a great performer, and its open overlooking the Bellagio. It gets crazy crowded, but because of the open walls it's not hot and sticky. 2 stars for the entertainment and club design.
1	I went here with my Bachelorette party after getting free passes from our "Night School 4 Girls" class. Turns out we didn't need those passes since we were accosted by a club promoter on the way there. Either way, we were getting in for free, they had an open bar for the ladies until 1 am and he gave us additional drink tickets. Its close to midnight and we're thinking, this is going to be great!   As we walk down the hall, we hear the beat of the music, see the chandeliers hanging from the ceiling and we get excited. Then we round the corner into the club and are immediately met with blinding strobe lights, the pungent smell of sweating bodies and liquor, along with a wall of people. Oh, and the obnoxiously loud sound of the bass, since all they play is techno, house music. We should have just left there. But we had free drinks and we were going to get them! So we slowly made our way through the crowd to the bar (which is in the back of the club) and got our free drinks, and you could taste the cheap liquor! This is the stuff that will have you feeling awful the next day.  With drinks in hand, we meander over to the "dance area" since there isn't really a dance floor, and find a tiny section to stand and sway in (isn't room for anything else). But after 2 "songs" of bass that you can feel through your body, the constant strobe lights, body heat and cheap alcohol, we all felt sick and called it quits. This place was awful! Maybe its better on a weekday, but it is way too much for a Saturday night.   If you find yourself in this same position, there is another club in the Bellagio called The Bank, which is a much better choice.   BEWARE of HYDE!
1	This club provided one of the worst experiences I've had in Vegas! The bartenders are obnoxious and rude! The staff are pushy and sell you lies to get you in. I am pissed and I got in for free and got free drinks. If I had paid to get in I would be livid. They say the drink coupons work until 1 but the fine print says midnight. We got in line at the extremely packed bar way before midnight to be told we couldn't use them once we finally got service from the coked out bartender. They let way too many people in to the point where it feels like a safety hazard.  There is no real dance floor. It is actually a walk way that everyone dances in. The music sucked...not one song is played longer than 20 seconds. All the couch areas are roped off so there is basically no where to go. Save yourself the grief and head over to The Bank...still inside Bellagio and so much fun!
4	Club hopping in Vegas. So I learned a new thing: if you want to go to some club and get the free hookup and not stand in line then go eat dinner at that casino and ask for the hookup and they will take care of you. First hit: Hyde in bellagio. No dance floor...98% made for bottle service only. But great view of the bellagio lake, water show and 1/2 of the club is open air. Hyde is great if you only intend on getting a table with bottle service. The crowd here is definitely more hotter than the crowd and the Bank, which is not so hot...but hip hop music is bumping and it's all dance floor at the bank.
1	Wow...I got in the line for the general admission and guess how long I waited before I left without any more patience. 2 hours without exaggeration. General admission line did not move.I had been standing for two hours, watching people with VIP pass going in and in and in. There were another group of people going in and in and in, and were the ones who were willing to pay $550 for a table.It was Tuesday, and HYDE was the only club that was open. So I had no choice. But standing in line while seeing tons of other people going in was nothing but exhausting and displeasing.All the securities were busy looking for people who were willing to pay lots of money. I guess they get commission from selling tables.They should respect general admission people.
5	Loved this club! If you're a hottie and walk by during the day, perhaps you'll be lucky enough to make Ben's acquaintance. After a quick exchange of phone numbers and the promise to be back by 10:30, we were all set for our Saturday night plans. Hyde did not disappoint! The interior is gorgeous. The club has a wall of windows that overlook the Bellagio water show, and they had beautiful girls dressed up in classy bondage-y type outfits entertaining the crowd. Ben hooked our group of 5 ladies up! They let ladies hang out in booths with as much as you can drink (vodka w/ oj, soda, or cranberry) until the booth gets sold. Our booth got sold maybe an hour into us hanging around dancing, but then they moved us to another unsold booth where we spent another hour or so. After that, they finally kicked us out. We were walking off about to join the throngs of people on the dance floor when we got directed to hang out in a booth someone else paid for. We got so lucky, and happened upon the coolest guys who were content to just let us do our thing. We just had a blast! Free drinks all night, awesome music that was at a level where you could have a conversation with someone, good looking, creep-free fellow partygoers, and so much more. This place is the business!
4	We were here for a bachelorette party so arrived early and got on the "list". We were given lots of drink tickets which was great! It was packed and of course no sitting unless you have a VIP section. The bartenders weren't consistant...I would order drinks and my friend behind me would order the same ones with the drink tickets and was told she couldn't use them for those drinks. We got free drinks all night and had a great time, my feet ended up with massive blisters though from heels and standing the whole time.
3	Venue/ view: 5 starsCrowd: 3 stars Music: 3 starsBouncers: 4 stars Service/ bartenders: 1 star (if it weren't for the horrendously rude bartender, this place would of possibly gotten a 5 star rating) Hyde is a beautiful venue! It was extra special walking into the club and seeing the gorgeous and dramatic up-close view of the Bellagio fountain show going on in the backdrop. If you stand right at the balcony during the fountain show, you might get misted on! But it was fun! We were on the free guest list and arrived early, around 10:40pm on a Saturday night. The line wasn't too long at all, probably a 10 minute wait at most. As the evening progressed, the place got packed! It's very tight quarters inside with a tiny dance floor and not much space to dance. Definitely arrive early in order to enjoy the venue. The music was your typical club hip hop. Nothing out of the ordinary and nothing that really got me in the mood to dance. The bouncers here were a step above in the professional department, unlike Hakkasan. Some of the bouncers were helpful and friendly, some where indifferent, but none were blatantly rude.However, the bartenders were insultingly rude to my girlfriends. We were at the back bar that's closer to the bathrooms, and my friends had a few 'free guest-list drink tickets', they asked the bartender questions about what types of drinks we could get with them, but the bartender was unnecessarily nasty and replied with some serious snarky attitude and spoke to them like they were deaf wild animals. She also threw their ID's at them since she felt that she wasn't going to get a tip. Unfortunately, we were all super over that lady and didn't get her name, but she was blond and had a boy cut/short hair. I'd avoid her at all costs.
4	What a difference a night can make. I went on a Thursday and on a Friday both completely different experiences.  During the week it's low key, they had a live band and you have some elbow room.  I would say this is mostly 30-40 age, established professionals type of night. Such an amazing view of the water show and a very cool venue.  Friday is everyone from under the sun!! They club has go go dancers, VIP area and there is a live dj.  Great dance music playing and will be crowded.  If you can get on the VIP list there will be no wait time in the line. I would try to either do that the night before.   Depending on what your mood is will determine which day during the week you will go.  As all the other reviews have said, Hyde is a beautiful venue.
2	Only go if you won big and want to sit on a tiny couch that you have to pay a zillion $ for. We went on a Friday night and were surprised at the ages of people - there were the old folks (us) who could afford to buy the tables and needed to because our hip replacements were aching, and then there were the babies. Seriously, girls I could have birthed on my own wearing less clothing than my toddler wears. The promoters scour the Bellagio during the day for ladies to let in for free, then charge an arm and a leg for the boys to come in and slobber. Dancing is difficult since the dance areas are the walkways between the seating areas. The music is insanely loud. Creepiest part is the old men who sit across the aisle from the club in the casino, watching the party girls stand in line.
5	Thank you to the amazing staff aka Tj (a goddess) dan (sweetheart) and Steve (nicest guy ever) and Adam for the the hook up :) smaller club but the best time I ever had in Vegas :))))
4	I love this place!!The prices are totally ridiculous but when you consider a special occasion it is ok.Drinks are around $18 for the specialty items.They have a few small plates which are good.Night before our wedding on April 16 we got a reservation. The manager texted me immediately when I had contacted via the website.He was super accommodating and advised us the best times to arrive.We simply had a blast- my son and my husband were pretty impressed.
4	Let's get one thing clear: I'm not a club guy.  I've been a few times, but mostly when the ballers I know have a bottle and a table and I can tag along.So on Saturday night, on 4th of July weekend, a friend tells me she wants to go check out Hyde with some friends.  They're already inside, so we're on our own.  It's after midnight, and I'm not on a list, but I am local.I approach one of the hosts outside the club and asks him if he can hook up a local.  He tells me they have a local night and it's a holiday weekend, then stops himself, and says what the hell I'll take care of you two.  Wow.  That doesn't happen very often in Las Vegas, and it was definitely appreciated.Hyde was packed, and seemed either too small or just that busy.  Nothing really stood out as amazing in this place, but I think the small footprint makes it just seem like it's that much busier and more fun when the other clubs are half empty.If it weren't for the friendly man at the door, I probably would have only given this place 3 stars.  But kindness goes a long way in Yelp review ratings!
4	Love hyde, its a little lounge in front of the bellagio fountains that gets plenty bumpin. I like that its not a huge megaclub, intimacy makes for better parties in my opinion. I liked it better when I came last year though, the views of the fountain where gorgeous and it was choreographed to play with the beat of certain songs. This year it looked completely different to the point where i almost thought i was in the wrong place, because they put up some glass walls all along the beautiful fountain area, totally killing the view and atmosphere, and the fountains barely came on. I stayed at the cosmo again to get a view of the fountains but during my whole stay, the fountain barely came on. Anyways, I guess they closed it off to put on the AC. It was Friday night, July 4th, guestlist, no problems at the door, place was packed, good music, alternated between sets of hip hop and EDM. Good mixed crowd, everyone dancing. The bellinis fell off, they no longer do the 2 nice flavors that they used to have on their menu, but still we just had our bubbly and there were good vibes. Only problem was after they dropped a wave of paper confetti, there were paperballs all over the floor, and it was so hard to dance with those sticking all under your heels. Rethink that confetti next time Hyde. Shout out to the country security guy ;-)
5	This is one of my favorite underrated clubs in Las Vegas.  I've seen my fair share of nightclubs from the inception of the scene with Studio 54, Rum Jungle, Utopia, to the transformation into the mega club!! The over the top gaudy large scale party behemoth the Las Vegas party scene has become today.  If you want a good time come to Hyde for an awesome club, small and lots of character.  From the amazing view of the Bellagio fountains, to the hype men dressed in horse head costumes, crazy gogo dancers dressed in awesome get ups .... and one of the last clubs in Vegas with HIp Hop/Mix/Top 40 music. Almost every time I come here I have a good time.Parking: Bellagio self parking, stay right, but don't walk outside in the lobby and you'll hit Hyde.  Not too far of a walk.. not like Hakkasan at MGM.Entry:  Look up and call ahead to see if the club has a guestlist.  This is good for mostly free or discounted entry for girls, but some clubs let guys in free with a 1:1 guy: girl ratio.  Doesn't hurt asking. Table line: Facing Hyde located at the left.  The podium is there, and the front is small so if you booked a table you can find your host there, or if you're walking up get in the table reservation line.  Tables are LIMITED here so be sure to arrive early, before 1130 or all the tables get sat.Bars: 1 main bar as you walk in all the way the right.... and another small bar in the far adjacent corner when you walk in.Hyde is not well known because it is smaller but I honestly love this club. Although if you're on the patio tables sometimes the spray of the fountain mist wets you a little bit.  For girls, that can be a big no no. EXIT:  When exiting folks, don't go out where ya came in, go behind the DJ booth as you were going the bathroom which brings me to my next point... bathroom is outside the club... right outside... don't you worry now.. it's not too far. About 10 meters from exit.Go Sundays for XIV for a crazy day party during the colder days.  Day parties = to help ease the withdrawal of non-pool party season.For an independent host with no fees and no rip offs guaranteed... give me a shout jennysvegas.com or 7025055014 for table inquiries.
1	Awful service! Ordered drinks and waited more than 20 minutes. Drinks never arrived. No explanation; nothing. Won't return.
1	Disorganized. Racist. Spend your night somewhere else.Got pulled into going with another couple who were on the guest list to get free entry. We arrived there before 10:30PM on a Tuesday before the club was even open. The line was sparse and yet disorganized. We were one of the first people there. But by midnight we were getting pushed to the back and the hipster white bouncer was pulling white girls from the back of the line instead of us. It seems like this club is pretty racist as we are a couple of black men and Asian women. Old while guys in jeans and a tshirt got in before actual people who were waiting. We ended up leaving because we did not want to spend any money at this place.
1	This place gets the award for worst experience in Vegas! We were on the guest list and waiting at least an hour to get in. We waiting and waited and watched group after group of skinny white girls get in. When we asked about how long, we were told repeatedly "one second." It wasn't until I finally asked if we were wasting our time did we get in. I don't mind waiting my turn, but when it's my turn I'd like to take it.Once inside it was basically a fire hazard with so many people. You couldn't move, you couldn't dance and you couldn't get to the bar. Every staff person we encountered was pretty much rude. I wouldn't waste your time here when there are so many clubs to choose from.
1	I am seriously so angry right now. They let my entire party in except for me because apparently the picture "didn't look like me" okay I'm sorry I lost weight and grew my bangs out!!! and they expect me to carry 2 ids on me?! Really?! Honestly don't come here unless you want to deal with annoying bouncers.
5	The Hyde club is ON and POPPIN'! This place is the best night club I have ever been to. My friend got us a table over looking the dance floor and the water show. Not only did our table come with an amazing girl who poured us drinks, but a security guard. Oh yes, VIP status! We went on a Tues; July 1st. The music was bangin', the go-go dancers were hot, the employees were SUPER nice, and I was dancing non-stop until 4:30am. Pick Hyde. This place is dope!
5	One of my favorite places to go - hands down.I believe this was my second night club going when I turned 21, but I will continually go back due to always having a fun time. If there's one thing I love about this place its the VARIETY of music. Nowadays all you hear at clubs are EDM and nothing else, but the DJs here really know how to showcase variety and give their guests an amazing time.I just wish this place was bigger =( It's so cramped and small inside. Once it gets packed, its pretty hard to maneuver yourself anywhere. Anyways.. don't sleep on this place.
1	If I could give less than one star I could.  The only thing missing from this place is a whites only sign.  If you're not 20, skinny and white don't even bother.  As nice as the Bellagio is this club isn't high end.  There were girls walking around the club with flip flops on.  But they were white so they got treated better than our party.  This experience has me not even wanting anything to do with the Bellagio as a whole.  Stay away if you don't enjoy being discriminated against.
5	Great Lounge/Club! AMAZING view! Friendly and attentive bartenders. Live music which is a nice change of scene, and a bit of an older crowd which is also very nice!
3	This is definitely a ultra-lounge. It's pretty darn small inside and when we got there it was frickin' PACKED! We got our table relatively quickly considering our group size. Bathrooms were a nightmare to try to get to from our table and the trek back was the same. The music was on point and just the right volume. I hate when it's so loud in a joint you can't hear yourself think and this is not one of those cases.Okay, the views from here are absolutely awesome! You're smack dab behind the Bellagio fountains and, besides eating outside at Mon Ami Gabi, you're just not going to get views like this from any other eatery or club on the strip (imo). Our server was weak sauce. I understand not having a mixer I'm requesting but when you say you are going to go get some for me only to take two steps, see a friend of yours and get distracted like a damn goldfish. After waiting over five minutes for her I finally see her come back to our table only to serve someone else a drink, not have my mixer and scurry off to continue talking with her friends. I then accepted the situation and stepped up to the plate to make my own damn drink w/ whatever mixers were there. The server returned and literally just looked at me while I made mine and my wife's drinks. She had COMPLETELY forgotten she was getting me a mixer, shoot it looked like she had completely forgotten she was making me a drink. She did look completely and utterly flustered w/ the entire situation. Not sure if it was her first night on the job or what but oh well, I just continued to make our drinks the rest of the night. What was she there for again? Well I guess I couldn't get the mixers refilled w/out her. if she could have only remembered to bring the one I asked for lol. Venue and scenery nice, service a fail.
1	This place is pretentious with a lot of fake and pretentious people. The music and decor are nice but nothing special . Went there on a Tuesday night. Place super packed and most of the crowd slutty looking chicks with fake boobs or old men who're trying to get laid with those chicks. Also we had a table and by the end of the night, the waitress just came up to our table and took our full bottle of whiskey without even saying anything . Wtf? The only nice thing about the place is the view. Ah, also the security guys are all good looking .:)Anyway, I doubt I'll ever go there again. Try Marquee better.
1	Great view, terrible club. Unless you pay for bottle service you MIGHT have a ok time, if you can get a table. Guest list is complete BS, drinks are overpriced, even a redbull is $10. There is no room to walk literally, let alone dance. All the females working are complete ass***** with no regard for anyone but their own tips. They will step on top of you to get a bottle to a table, meaning a tip for them. I would never recommend this place or EVER go back. Go to haze or anywhere but Hyde
4	First off, the best way to ensure a great experience at this nightclub is by having a bottle service.  This place is quite small so reserving a table in advance secures more room to dance especially on a jam-packed weekend.  Floor plan is also well thought out so you and your guests won't be disappointed wherever you end up being seated; either inside near the DJ booth or outside with one of the best views of the strip next to the Bellagio fountain.I seriously don't understand why so many people bash on this place since I've never really had a bad time here.  On my last visit, I decided to drop by solo around midnight to meet up with a group of friends that were already inside the club.  Being a Saturday night, I was apprehensive of even trying as the chances of getting in alone is quite slim.  However, I was quickly picked out of the huge crowd and was even escorted to my friends' table near the DJ booth.  What impressed me the most was how that same promoter kept coming back throughout the night to make sure our group was well taken care of.Overall, Hyde Bellagio is definitely an excellent choice if you're looking to party all night.  Something about the crowd in this club that always give off a great atmosphere.  This is also one of the few joints left in the valley that actually plays hip-hop so it's always a good breather from EDM whenever I find myself here.
5	I absolutely love this place early in the evening from 6-8pm on the weekends.  I am not saying it's not good as a nightclub but the atmosphere early with the windows open on a Summer night is fantastic and it's the perfect launching pad for the night.  We usually have a couple glasses of wine and sit at the bar.  They do have a small plates menu for food which is a nice touch especially for me since I don't usually eat a lot before going out.  One bartender in particular is always nice and remembers us:  Kat.  She is fantastic and very engaging.  I have never had a bad night here and it is always my first stop before really getting into a Las Vegas evening.  I highly recommend it for people looking to get in a positive mindset and be able to have just enough vibe and music but also be able to carry on a conversation.It's not cheap though so if you are looking for something more affordable, then this may not be your scene.
1	We came here on a Tuesday night in August. It was a complete disaster trying to get in. We were on a guest list, but that didn't seem to matter. I finally got the promoter we were using to make a call to get someone to pull us out of the giant mass of people congregated around the entrance. If that hadn't happened, I'm not sure if we would have even stuck around to get inside.It was cool to be able to see the Bellagio fountains from inside the club, but the edge by the windows was all reserved tables, so it was pretty much impossible to get up close to see.The layout of the club made it very hard to find a spot to dance unless you had a reserved table.This was the only place we went all week that wouldn't let us get Red Bull as a mixer with the free drink tickets.
5	My Hyde experience was top-notch. I went to the nightclub on a Tuesday (apparently the club goes off each Tuesday). I was staying at the hotel, so with a quick call to the concierge I was added to the guest list. ...Arrived at the spot about 11:30, told host I was on the list, and bam - they let me in without having to stand in line. In my opinion, one of the biggest reasons to stay at a joint like The Bellagio is to take advantage of the perks afforded hotels guests. ...The club is mostly an enclosed area but the back of the room opens to the famous fountains. It was cool to see the water tricks from this perspective. The prices for drinks are outrageous. You have to know this, and just be able to deal with it. The truth is - you are experiencing WORLD CLASS nightclub entertainment, and it is costly. The DJ was excellent. Not that he did any amazing scratching - but he kept it moving as well as any I've heard. His mixes and cuts were without mistakes or glitches, and the selection of music was relevant, and included enough hip-hop to keep it from being an EDM fest. The peak truly was an amazing sight to be a part of. The lights, music, and natural energy of a Vegas party was everything any club goer could ask for. Did I mention, this was a TUESDAY!? I will be back hopefully to see if Hyde can continue to be among the best club experiences I've ever had.
4	I really like this club great music and DJ's good mixed crowd.  Door staff has always been friendly to me, however I do work in the industry.  Mahi on Thursday great cover live band.
2	Oi. I am way too old for the club scene. We were escorted by a promoter, got on the VIP list, were allowed in the club where there were many people waiting to get in and get the staff's attention, and personally escorted into the club.  We did not have to pay cover charge and champagne and vodka were free up until 12:30. We were told that they stop letting people in 20 minutes after opening, and the cover charge for male is $50 so there are plenty of rich guys to buy us drinks.  The professional dancers and cocktail waitresses were beautiful.  Why two stars? The champagne was awful. There was no where to sit unless one spends $550 for a table. The only place to stand and dance was in an awkward passage way between tables.  I feel bad for those people standing outside of the club waiting to get in when they have plenty of space inside.  I guess the exclusivity is what makes the club popular.As hard as I tried, my body just would not move to the music. For the record, I consider myself a pretty decent dancer and clubber in my younger years. I tried to avoid making eye contact with the guys in the club because I didn't want to deal with meeting strangers.A friend and I left early and enjoyed a glass a wine and martini in our quite hotel lounge.
1	Avoid.
4	Gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains!  The music was a mix of rnb/hip hop and top 40 which appeals to a diverse crowd.Ladies had free vodka drinks and we definitely can't complain about that!  It was a fun Friday night!
4	My group and I aren't frequent clubbers, but we had a great time at Hyde! We had a contact who got us on the guest list so we made sure to get there before 11pm. It got a little crowded at the entrance, but after waiting a bit we were able to get in easily through our hookup.Upon entering, you're greeting by fantastical dancers and smoke on the dance floor. Ladies were offered open bar champagne and vodka until 12:30am which was great! That + our free drink tickets = free booze!Unless you pay for a table, there's pretty much standing room only - which is fine since all we wanted to do was dance. A section of the club is exposed to the other side of the Bellagio "lake" and its fountain show so that was really cool to see. The DJ played all the hits and everyone was on the dance floor right away. Good times!
3	This place seems to appeal to an older crowd (late 30s/early 40s) The best thing about partying here is the view of the fountains outside the big window.
3	"Hello, welcome to our dog and pony show.  We're so happy to have you as clients, and we want to show our appreciation for your business.  But we're too cheap to take you to see a Cirque Du Soleil show, even though there's a good one across the street at the MGM Grand.  So we'll take you to what we think is a hip, hot, happenin' joint:  Hyde!"At least that's how I interpreted it.It's an exclusive club, complete with a velvet rope;  they don't let just anybody in, and it looks like you need to have a little dough to get in and imbibe.  Once you're in, it has a high-class feel in its decor, furniture, and view of the fountains.  Pretty good thick pizza and sliders.  And drinks, of course, with more emphasis on the drinks than the food;  I think that if I asked for a Coke, they'd give it to me with rum in it.Not really my kind of venue.  Our group had the back part reserved for our private party, with a clear view of the fountains dancing around to "In The Mood".  I spent most of my time eating - well, I am on a seefood diet, y'know.  The music was not so loud that we couldn't talk to each other, what a relief.  I was disappointed that no one got up and danced;  I was told that this happened after our party was over, and that it got a little weird.I guess it's okay if it's your thing.  No complaints about their prices, which I didn't check out;  at least you get something for your money, which you won't in the casinos (remember, the house wins almost all the time).  I won't be back, but that's just me.
4	Really great place! You get to see the fountains from a wonderful perspective. Just make sure to go during the day. Not the nightclub
5	Great lounge option in the Bellagio! Fantastic view of the Fountains, very strong drinks (which girls typically drink for free until 12am), and the night we went had a pretty bad ass DJ! No complaints here!
4	The music can be better it's a mixture of top 40 hits and dance music. We got in for free and did not pay for a single drink the whole time. We didn't have to wait to get in, once we were in they kicked out a group of girls who were in the VIP area because they weren't dancing. They gave us their spot and we enjoyed free full bottle service the whole night because we were enjoying ourselves and dancing, and no guys bothered us either!
1	WATCH OUT FOR SECURITY! TERRIBLE. they like to accuse people of being drug dealers and make things up to kick you out. We got bottle service and not even 10 mins into the bottle service they accuse my husband of begin a drug dealer and ask him to "go outside to talk" and then accuse him of passing envelopes to people that he was not even around. When we tried to explain to them that they have the wrong person they laughed at us saying they "now we did" and that we could not go back in! $800 dollars down the drain..didnt even get one drink for no reason at all... I DO NOT recommend going to this lousy club. its small also and they are rude and service is horrible!
5	We had a table reserved Tuesday night, VIP is how to do it! Smaller club, but I personally liked it that way. Amazing view of the Bellagio water show! Opened up to it completely! Bottle service was good, bar was good, dance floor small but great music. Had lots of fun! One of my favs now.
1	I dot think they welcome asian. There will be a long waiting if you are not on the guest list. Unfriendly staff. The drinks are ok. Do not recommend this place. Xs is way better.
3	We had a private party at Hyde and it was pretty good... cool dj and good atmosphere.  Amazing views of the Bellagio Fountains... from the inside! Not from the street!We had an open bar and I was soooo in the mood for mojito! The bad news... I was told by one of the bartenders, "I'm not making mojitos for everyone". Kind of not cool but I understand given there was a slight wait at the bar. Slight wait. In fact, in hindsight, it was totally not cool. But I didn't want to make a scene. I'm also down with positive energy so maybe she was having a bad night. Either way the cool and fun atmosphere made up for her unwillingness to make a mojito.
3	While the VIP treatment my friends and I received from the promoter who chased after us (literally, LOL) in the Bellagio was flattering, it also didn't really amount to what we were looking for in a Vegas club experience. Upon arrival we were able to skip the line (which was really long on a Friday night) and were offered a free table with bottle service. Again, flattering and extremely generous, but here's the catch, we were put at a large table with probably 15 other girls, none of which we knew or cared to for that matter. All of us were forced to share one bottle of Grey Goose and let me tell you that ran out quickly in our secluded area. Everyone in my group felt uncomfortable and we didn't really feel like we could dance and be ourselves. In reality, Hyde probably gets a 2 star from me, but the free Grey Goose bottle service bumps it up to a 3.Bottom line, great promoters, good deal for a group of attractive ladies, but not for us in Vegas.
1	Discriminates against Men. $100 for guys, $30 for ladies.
1	All the way from Northern California. A promoter promised us to get my female friend and I and my guy in for free. We went, made that our plan and they had the nerve to make us pay for my guy. The door person didn't care. The cashier said it happens a lot. That's pathetic.
4	Quite possibly the BEST dance music on the Strip :) Old school hip-hop mixed with top 40 mixed with just a touch of EDM. Perfect. Decor is nothing amazing, but if you want table service, the seating areas looked quite nice and comfy. GREAT VIEW of the Bellagio fountains and Paris. Bartenders are friendly and generous with the booze. Security was very respectful/nice. Only complaint is that the dance floor is tiny tiny tiny. There is a pretty good crowd here, at least on a Fri night, and it's kinda hard to find a comfy place to dance, but considering how good the music was, we made do!
4	Best view of the Bellagio Fountain and ideal for pre-show/pre-dinner drinks. We arrived at 5pm and had the balcony all by ourselves. Drinks/food are pricey and there is no happy hour discounts, but I would definitely visit again and again (especially if with a date). Indoor lounge space is small and think the live band performance was taken away - I'd go elsewhere pre-gaming for the night.
5	Contact Me for your New Year's Eve Reservations 702.589.0593 or email me at Jomari.mendoza@sbe.com
1	Do not come here.  This place ruined my New Year's Eve. We paid $200 per person to get in.  They advertised; open bar, fireworks view, and heavily passed hors o'dueves.  The bar was not "open".  The only free drinks were shitty champagne and well vodka.  They had no food, and no view of fireworks at all. The only good thing about it is the view of the fountain.   In addition the crowd was very very old ( no offense). There were many white haired folks and literally senior citizens. I am 40 and I felt young. Bottom line, steer clear of this place.
5	Hyde- great place to be. Music is great. Staff is friendly. If you need any help with reservation, guest list, bottle service- ask for Joshua. He is the best!!! He go above and beyond. Thank you!!!!
4	Came here during new years. It was a lot of fun! The bouncer let us in for free while others were having to pay. Come here with a favorable girl to guy ratio. good music,  well dressed crowd, friendly staff, pricey drinks and great view of the strip.
2	Forgiving the fact that I just spent a weeks wages in most countries for two drinks (ok I have good taste) the real problem here isn't the service (which was impeccable) it's that when the fountains go off (which should be a good thing) the music goes from great to not Scottish (crap) forcing the customers to suffer through (near, far, kill me!) which really breaks the otherwise great vibe.  It took me a moment to figure out what was going on but unfortunately that's life.  Torment. Musical enhanced interrogation.  But I digress.....our do I?
