1	We are having our 1st baby. Made an appointment to do the ultrasound to find out the sex of the baby. We made an appointment for the chandler location and were excited to find out the sex. We walk in to find out they made our appointment for their Mesa location. Nothing like rushing on our big day. This place has horrible appointment setters. I will keep you posted if the doctors do too.
1	This place is a cluster. If you enjoy waiting for hours and having your insurance company bilked this is the place to go.  Horrible at educating all they wanted to do is tell us worst case scenario every time we go in.  Ordered tests for no reason. Example- A1c for gdm ( gestational diabetes). Only problem is my wife is anemic and the test would be inaccurate, not to mention she is 36 weeks along and already testing glucose levels. Oh and then it's the all saving gliberide medicine, I bet they forget to tell you the drug manufacture clearly says to stop taking it two weeks before birth or your baby will require NICU care because of extreme hypoglycemia. They want her to take it till she gives birth. This place needs more training or have its license revoked.  Do your research, it's your life and your unborn child's life.  It is sad profits drive this place more than meeting patients needs.  Get second opinions, do research, print it and educate your doctor.
1	I have to agree with a previous reviewer.  This place is a cluster.  My own OB/GYN doesn't even like them, but unfortunately they have cornered the market on high-risk doctors that actual deliver babies.  The doctors may be competent, but unfortunately PPA has poor customer service, and the "right hand never knows what the left hand is doing."  I have tried for almost 2 months now to get one of their genetic counselors to speak with me about faulty test results, but to no avail. (not to mention the fact that they sat on these results for over a week and I had to call them to find out the outcome)  They are just one big chaotic mess.  If you need a high-risk doctor, do yourself and baby a favor and go somewhere else, such as St. Joseph's Hospital.  I could never recommend this place to anyone until they get their act together.
5	Wow. We went here expecting some bad service, rude doctors, and rude receptionists. Not at all! Quite the contrary. I usually follow Yelp without fail but you shouldn't worry coming to this Mesa location. I don't want to discount the other reviews but those are just opinions..Well, here is my opinion and honest experience.. We went to the Chandler location for the first ultrasound and because of scheduling went here for the second. The day before our appointment, the office called to let us know someone was out sick and we would need to come in a half hour later for the appointment (glad they did this instead of letting us sit and wait). Plus it was early morning- that would have been irritating. Our sonographer was gentle, friendly and professional. She talked to my husband and I explaining what she was doing, answered questions, etc.. The doctor came in and took some additional pictures. My husband was interested so asked a ton of questions and the doctor was happy to answer and explain what was happening. Everything with baby is fine- just bad positioning. They just seemed super informative and friendly and I cannot imagine how anyone would have a bad experience here.
1	I asked my doctor to switch me from Phoenix Perinatal because of the complete lack of organization and ability to follow through.  I had a first trimester US, genetic screening and consult on July 14 at the Chandler office. This was a second appt, the first one had to be rescheduled because the doctor was out of the office.  When I got there, no one had any patient information on me, even though I was referred from my regular OB's office over 3 weeks prior.  I guess no one had thought to request medical records from my OB prior to the appointment?  So they tried to get my medical records while I spent the next hour in my appointment, but apparently things just weren't working in their favor that day.The appointment went well - the US tech was great, the Doctor was great, and I felt like they took time to explain all my options and fully review everything with me.  Then when I got done, the doctor explained to the receptionist that he was recommending "Co-Managed" care and that they should set up a next appointment for my second trimester, as well as fetal echo monitoring starting at 18 weeks.  Well, again, there was some confusion over scheduling that - I wasn't sure if it was due to the lack of medical records or a glitch in their computers, but they told me to take a card and wait for them to call me to make an appointment.  But you know, if I didn't hear from them in a few days I should call in and make my own appointment.  Well of course.So a week goes by and I don't get a call about an appointment.  So I call in and try to make an appointment as I was instructed, but the receptionist doesn't seem to have any record of the Doctor's recommendation and insists I need a referral from my doctor before she can schedule me - which of course is the first time I'm hearing anything about my regular OB needing to give me another referral. I ask to speak to a supervisor and get put on hold for 15 min, after which point I got tired of waiting and hung up.  Later, the supervisor calls me back and apologizes, but insists I need a referral because there is no mention of co-managed care in my records.I did get an automated message that my screening results were in, but when I called the hotline to get the pre-recorded message with my results, it told me it couldn't find me in the system. So I had to call the advice nurse, who was very helpful and provided my results.  Then for the next week I continued to get daily automated calls telling me to call the hotline and get my results - which of course were never there - until I guess the "number of times to call before giving up" limit was reached.I had my OB's office fax a referral for the second trimester over to Phx Perinatal.  Still no call for an appt as I'm approaching 15 weeks.  When I call them to find out what the status is, they tell me they have no referral on file. Then they further tell me that they don't even start fetal echo monitoring until 22 weeks, so I don't need to be seen for awhile.  Are you even kidding me, a RECEPTIONIST is making decisions about how and when my high risk pregnancy should be monitored, despite the doctor's recommendation?  I ask my OB to send the referral again and STILL Phoenix Perinatal claims they didn't receive it.  They still won't schedule an appointment for me, so finally, completely fed up, I ask my doctor to refer me to another high risk clinic. To put the icing on the cake, I then get a voicemail today that I missed an appointment on Aug 4 at Phoenix Perinatal and I need to reschedule.  When I call in the receptionist she claims I must've made the appointment and forgotten.  NO, Phoenix Perinatal, I've been TRYING to make an appointment for WEEKS now and you guys don't know what the heck you are doing from one moment to the next.  This is the most disorganized and unprofessional medical establishment I have ever dealt with, and while there may be some very good doctors working for this practice, it's hard to put any faith in them to see my baby born healthy with a staff and organization that is run the way it is.  Not only do I have a complete lack of confidence in Phoenix Perinatal, but the fact that they are tied so closely to Banner Desert, which is where I was considering having my child, does not inspire confidence either.  I would definitely recommend you explore other options if you need a high risk OB.
2	I would give 5 STARS to my ultra sound tech who did my ultrasound! She was very knowledgeable and extremely friendly. She talked me through the whole process. She did a great job and deserves to be acknowledged! She is very good at what she does!I give the two stars for the disorganization. I filled out the paperwork online early so that I didnt have to do it in the office before my appointment. They didnt have the paperwork on file and I had to refill all of the paperwork out. Plus they could/should be a little more friendly at the desk. As for the doctor I saw. I don't even remember her name.....She was not that friendly. I'm not sure if I'm just picky because my other OB has great bedside manner and is really friendly or what......All in all I will not be going back to this place (hopefully) unless it is a necessary referral.
