3	Came here on a whim, after getting a great deal on Groupon. Employees are more than friendly, they have great meal deals and are located right next to the movie theaters. Prices aren't too bad, if I hadn't had the Groupon deal, subs were nice and fresh, I just wish it was piled higher and they had more of a variety of  veggies to put on their subs (example: I had to ask my hubby if his sub even had tuna in it, because they put so much lettuce on it, you couldn't even see the tuna). Overall the taste was good. A step up from Subway, but can't compare to Firehouse Subs.
2	What a joke. I thought Subway was stingy with their meats until I came here.Sandwich wasn't bad, but there was practically no meat or toppings on it.I've heard the bbq sandwich is a lot better than the Italian, which I got.
1	Came in at 2:45 on a Saturday afternoon. 3 people working. Not one other customer in the store. Every single table and the whole floor were disgusting. Made me a little scared to venture into the restroom. Processed rubbery meat....yuck!!   Go to port of subs where they the meat fresh or firehouse which is just yummy all the around!!!!
4	I was here one time before I bought a Groupon for this place. The Italian Herb bread is so good. I always get the vegetarian sandwich, so I'm not sure, or care, about the meat portions. Every time I go, there is friendly service and the food is good. They have a great lunch deal too!
1	You know you're going to have a sad sub when you see 2 microwaves behind the counter but I wanted to give these guys the benefit of the doubt. Wrong move.  Worse soggy sub I've ever eaten and I've eaten lots of subs. Tables and floors were dirty and I was the only one here. There were 3 teenage girls working and they can care less about customer service.  They represent how the owner conducts business and I predict they won't be here too much longer.
2	Ok. Relatively cheap for sandwich.  My sandwich was filing but tasteless.  Not sure what they use for oil and vinegar but it had no taste.  Even the meat was bland.  Weird.
1	I just walked out after waiting upfront for 5 minutes with no one coming upfront to serve me. The girls were giggling in the back and even walked towards the soda machine to try and get in their line if site. There are plenty of other places to eat if you don't want my business.
4	These are my favorite sandwiches in town so I was really disappointed when I saw the reviews for this retaurant.  I hope it does well so it doesn't disappear like the New York pizza place just around the corner a while back.Maybe I don't have as sophisticated of taste as others because I find the sandwich quite tasty.  Or maybe it's just the sandwich I get, the pastrami on wheat, but my wife raves about it too.  Whenever I have brought my family here it's been happy smiles all around.  I am always amazed at what people complain about too.  The flavor of the vinegar and oil? Really?  The sandwich selection is quite extensive unlike those other shops reviewers seem to like so much - three sizes of sandwich, lots of variety.  Try even getting a pastrami or a "pizza sub", the 8 year old's favorite, just about anywhere else.  And about the amount of meat, as if those other places are any different, ever try double meat?  It's only a buck fitty bro.  Port o' Subs?  Did you really say that?I can see getting frustrated with the speed of service.  I have found it to be a little inefficient and not real timely.  I've often wondered how they would handle any real volume of movie traffic with the theaters next door.Maybe one of the problems is owner involvement - I asked the staff how the shop is doing and he said, ok, about 70% of business is repeat customers (so I guess someone besides me likes these sandwiches too).  I asked if the shop was his and he said no manager or owner was there at the time.  And they had no clue what people are saying about them on Yelp.  Can you say "epic fail"?  I hope they get a clue about their ratings soon and fix the problem so  I don't have to go to those other lousy places mentioned elsewhere, like that over blown epic-wanna-be Firehouse.Anyway, give it a try, have a little patience, I think you will be rewarded.
4	I've been here a couple times. They have a good solid sub for a decent price.  I grew up on Ned's, but they are further away and Steve's is just as good. I called in my order today and phone rang and rang. I was worried they had shut down permanently or something. I tried calling back in a few minutes and they answered. HALLELUJAH! This pregnant lady was craving a sub from here something fierce! When I picked it up the employees were very nice and all of them young. One even apologized for how long it took for them to answer the phone. They were pretty swamped when I went in but were working efficiently. The place was clean and orderly and I have no complaints. Yummy!
