1	How do I give negative stars?He continuously fails to deliver product on time. waited 3 months for a sword, the one he delivered broke on first test. Replacement was never delivered, siting other efforts to satisfy other angry customers as the reason he did not deliver on mine or return my money. Said he could get my 2/3 upfront deposit money back once the very angry customers (who will likely not pay him) pay him. Those angry customers are my teammates www.usaknights.org and I know they did indeed pay him. I did see what he delivered and it was unfinished work that the Products delivered close friends have shoddy workmanship. He has more excuses than any human I have met. Apparently there is a history of  this. I will await my money, but I am not holding my breath.
5	Hellfire helped me out when I was in a bind.  I needed a dagger FAST for an event which I thought I was already fully outfitted for.  Turns out I wasn't, and he (they?) were able to draft a design, get my approval, and create a completely unique work of functional art in a matter of days.  The cost was within range of any I've seen elsewhere as well, even when you take in to account the fact that it was a rush job.  I have every intention of going back for more as-needed, and would recommend to anyone!
5	I haven't had the good fortune to commission a knife, dagger or sword from Hellfire - YET.I have, however, been amazed and wowed by the service I've seen the blacksmith give other customers. And me. He is happy to answer questions, discuss his craft and show you what he's doing and explain why. He really should offer lessons, if that's not something he already does.In addition to custom orders limited only by imagination, budget and physics - Hellfire will take care of your existing blades!I've had blades redone, am aware of others doing the same - and saw the other review (filtered) about an oxblood scabbard. I also spoke to the blacksmith about a rather valuable pocket knife I have. I was quite willing to bring it in to him for a little TLC - and of course, pay him for his labors. He asked a couple of questions about the condition, then told me what I can do at home to take care of it.  Hey - even if he only charged me $15 or $20 - it would have been cash in his pocket I would have gladly paid. But his ethics and integrity stopped him from suggesting I bring it in. Little things like that make me all the more loyal - and should anyone ever ask me about knives - whether custom crafted or fixed - I am completely confident sending them to Hellfire.Talk about full service!The blacksmith is clearly someone who loves his craft - and is quite happy to share the passion if you take the time to show an interest.If only all business owners took the same approach!
