4	I moved to Charlotte several months ago and needed a hair salon that can handle Asian hair and lucked out finding J&S. This shop is operated by several Malaysian ladies and the place is packed every time that I have been there. While most of the clientele is Asian, I do occasionally see others coming in for the great deal. Men's cut is only $13 and add a couple of bucks you get a relaxing shampoo. At first I was afraid they do not speak very good English but after a quick conversation with Stella I felt much better.The place is not super classy and you will hear the stylists talking to each other in Cantonese every once in a while, but it's clean and they do a good job. I will definitely continue to go back.
4	Just got a haircut. Being on a chill NC vacation I decided to seek out a haircut to soothe my head in this hot weather. This place is located on central avenue in east Charlotte. While the outside isn't the nicest looking neighborhood, the inside is kept clean (much cleaner than your average Chinese barber in manhattan) and the staff is friendly and speaks fluent English.  They spent a good amount of time on my hair and lo and behold it came out gelled and spiky like a good sonic the hedgehog haircut should. I also saw an Asian guy coming in afterwards who they seemed to recognize as a regular rockin a long haired old school Asian haircut.  There were also pics of white people on the walls so it looks like they got the skills to cut all sorts of hair. Two spikes up!
5	As you can tell by the stars, I had a fantastic experience. The service was impeccable. They literally took their time to make sure every strand of hair matches each other! I got my hair cut, dyed, highlighted and I also got an oil treatment. All of this for a great price and that's coming from a girl with a student budget. I can't really pinpoint the hairstylist that stood out because EVERY one of them made an impact on my hair and on the service. The hairstylist, Jean, she was just great. She'll look at your hair and tell you what it lacks (volume,thickness..etc) and she will fix it. She gave my hair not only volume but it feels so much lighter. Very happy with the cut! BTW Jean is from NY so she knows how to cut hair! I'm a very picky customer when it comes to hair. I had hair cuts that range from 10 dollars to 500-600s so I'm pretty acquainted with different cutting techniques and let me tell you Jean knows what she's doing! The shampoo was great. Because I had my hair highlighted, dyed and treated, I went through the shampooing process at least 6 times. This is what a real massage is! The friendly atmosphere was also a big plus. Trust me, you can build a long lasting relationship with these people. They all spoke english, not perfect but well enough to carry a real conversation.
5	Being half-Asian growing up in Gastonia I never had my hair cut by an Asian stylist for 22 years. After the FIRST haircut I was addicted! The staff is welcoming and give the best head massages during shampooing. The stylist really studied my hair beforehand to know how it would lay after being cut and styled. I enjoyed my experience so much I returned every 2 months! I've lived overseas for the last year and a half and can't wait to go back!
4	Per its yelp review I thought I'd give it a try. My usual stylist at modern salon and spa was booked solid until january and I needed a quick haircut before going out of town for xmas. I'm usually apprehensive about trying new stylists in Charlotte because I'm asian and not everyone I've tried is used to cutting asian hair. But I needed a cut, so I went for it.This location is a little further away from home than I liked, but I walked-in. I had my reservations about the place when I first walked in because it was immediately apparent that they cater to female clients much more so than men. But I was greeted very warmly and was seated right away. The stylist (stella) asked me what I wanted and i gave her an idea about what i was going for. And she did a very good job. It was a tad bit shorter than what I was going for, but overall I was quite pleased. And the cut was only $12. (Cash only, just a heads up!)It's not the swankiest of atmospheres. It's a very different experience than the salon and spa chains that are popular here in Charlotte and in bigger cities. But it is a quaint, mom and pop salon much like ones that I'm familiar with in northern Virginia and near Washington, D.C.. The staff is very friendly and warm and quite dedicated to their craft and their clients' satisfaction much like the stylists at the larger chains. From Sitting there I could tell from the banter between stylists and clients that  most were repeat customers.  The salon is clean and cozy and has many hairstyle books and posters to view if you need some ideas. And it's a great value too. If you are clear and articulate in describing What style you want, you'll walk away with a great cut. It's not cut from the same cloth as modern salon & spa or salon Cielo, but a cut from here can give you similar satisfaction and be kinder to your wallet. If I'm in another hair bind, I'll definitely make the trip out there again. Definitely recommend.
5	Amazing!  I went here in a panic because I couldn't find anywhere else open on a Sunday after I foolishly decided to chop off my own hair.  Not only did they fix the travesty I walked in with but the staff was very welcoming and a haircut was just $20!  On top of all that, I actually love the style she gave me.  I just wish I'd gone here first so I could've saved my length.  No more DIYs for me; I will definitely be coming back here.Edit: I just realized most of the other reviews are about the great job they do on Asian hair, so FYI, I'm white with super fine hair.
1	I called to make an appointment here and for my hair length they said it was $25 for shampoo and blow dry. For my brother $13. The salon is located in a pretty run down area. The lady who washed my hair gave the best head massage. I got my hair cut from Jean. I asked for long side bangs and ended up with fringes, I asked for long layers in my hair and to thin it out a little (cause I have pretty thick hair for an Asian) and ended up with choppy long layers that aren't even. On the right side of my head, I have short pieces of hair from getting thinned out so much and on the left I have long layers not thinned out. You can imagine the horror I felt. When I went to go pay they told me my haircut was $28 and my brothers $16. Will not return.
1	So I got my haircut here about 2 months ago, and I thought it was a decent cut for only like 2 minutes. I came here off of the reviews, and I figured I'd finally find an affordable place that had people who knew how to cut my Asian hair. Unfortunately, I really hate my 'do. Although the staff was nice and accommodating, I started feeling queasy and panicked when I was sitting in the shampoo station chair. No stomach bug, mind you. It was the sharp nails digging into my skull. A few reviews said the head massage was great, so I was wondering if my scalp was sensitive from just having a baby or something. They gave me a bunch of cool Asian hair magazines to choose a cut, which was cool. But...if you know anything about those haircuts and the magazines, almost everyone has the same reddish hair tinting and shattered haircut. Anyway, I chose a cut I thought would best fit me and explained it to my stylist Jean. I got the sense she spoke little English, so I'm glad there was a pic. Partway thru the cut, my queasiness and panic kicked in even more. She started chopping away really fast and did very blunt cuts. I'm not a stylist or have been to hair school, but I knew already that that was not gonna look good. Then she attacked my bangs midway (weird) thru her chopping process and mutilated them with a razor. I still have weird short pieces on one side and super long pieces on the other. Then the razor was used to shred the rest of my hair. She got a good shape into my hair using the tool, but now that shape looks like a shredded limp mess of doodoo. My hair looks weird down or in a ponytail, which is sad. And in my years of haircuts, a bad cut grows out to look like a bad cut. So here I go. On a new quest to find a stylist who can tame my Asian head. (Tear)Sorry J&S. I only give you one prop for being nice. I also got quoted a different price when I walked in and then when I went to pay. Inconsistent much?
