5	I have been going to Carrie for 2 years now and am so happy I found her!  I have naturally curly hair and Carrie straightens it for me about 3 times a year.  She has great products and is the best stylist I have found to cut my hair and do straighenings!  She listens to what I want and she is easy to talk to as well.  I've never really enjoyed sitting through the hair straigtening process, but Carrie makes it fun and I am always very happy with the result!  She has made my hair a lot healthier than the the day I first came to her and I can finally say I am happy with my hair thanks to her!  She is in a very convenient location across from Southpark Mall and has excellent rates!  She is very flexible with her schedule and is easy to get in touch with!  Oh and the Pandora mix she plays in her salon is always good too :)
5	Carrie's been cutting and coloring my hair for 4 years.  Not only is she an excellent an excellent stylist, she is an excellent stylist who LISTENS!  I've been to many excellent stylist but at some point they always to seem give me the haircut that they want for me, NOT the haircut that I want.  My hair is very tricky - it's thick and gets really puffy if layers and thinning aren't done properly.  Carrie has mastered thinning my hair so that it's has a really smooth look.She has also introduced products that I could NEVER live without now.  The hair oil (can't spell the brand) smells amazing and works amazing.  My whole family, husband, son, and daughter are all hooked on it.  She's also introduced dry hair shampoos that allow me to go several days between washings.  It saves me a ton of time not blow drying and straightening every day.She's also got a very flexible schedule and I find it so much easier to schedule directly with her rather than a receptionist at a big salon.  I could not imagine going back to a big salon now.  Her salon at Sola is warm and personal.
5	Carrie has been my hair stylist for 4 years and she is fantastic. Not only is she an expert on hair color and cutting, she is also honest about what works with your hair texture and what doesn't. She always listens and provides a customized experience that works for you. My hair is really thick and she does a great job of cutting it in a manageable way that works with my natural wavy texture. She has provided me several options to style my hair and provides samples that work for my hair. I have referred Carrie to several friends and will continue to do so.
5	When I moved to Charlotte a few years ago, I was so lucky to find Carrie.  She was my first and will my last stylist here in Charlotte.  She always knows how to make me feel beautiful!  Hair in the City is not only convenient and laid back, Carrie is flexible and always willing to help out a customer in need.  You won't be disappointed!
