4	The name of this restaurant is actually "The Dive N".  I ate here for the first time today and was pleasantly surprised.  They only serve breakfast and lunch and they have daily specials for each.  The theme is that of a 50's style diner.With some reservations I decided to try to the BBQ plate.  Once I ordered I thought for sure I had made a mistake because I know what good Q tastes like and I just ordered it from a 50's style diner.  That's usually a big no no!  As you can see from the pic of the plate it's a nice portion of food.  I was acutally impressed by the pulled BBQ!  It was very tasty and I was a fan of the vinegar based sauce that accompanied it.  The slaw was great, finely chopped just the way I like it.  Also the drinks they serve come with that really crushed ice which is a favorite of mine.  I don't know why more restaurants don't have that?!?!  The BBQ plate was $7.25 plus $1.25 for the drink.The staff was very friendly and the restaurant area was very clean which is always a plus.  I will definitely be back here again to try some of their other menu items, but for first impressions I give them 4 stars!
4	My coworkers and I eat at dive n very often. Their food is great. I highly recommend the potato salad. It has a yellow color and tastes slightly mustard based. It goes great with their huge sized burgers. Make sure you are really hungry if you order the double burger. The best part of going to the dive n is the staff. They are so friendly. They always remember their regular customers by name. It seems like they really appreciate your business and want to make you happy. They are also very fast to refill your drinks and clear away plates. Definitely give this place a try if you are in Pineville. They have a huge menu so everyone should be able to find a dish they enjoy. They also always have daily specials.
4	This place is awesome. It's only open for breakfast and lunch but it doesn't matter because it's ALWAYS packed. I usually get the Jimmy's special, if you like get burgers and are a first-timer I would definitely recommend it. They have a variety of other burgers and sandwiches though too, as well as blue plate specials? I think. If you want a good go-to lunch spot...this is it!
4	I have driven by this place for years now and never stopped in. Mostly because the traffic in front of here is atrocious, but we finally gave it a try, and boy am I kicking myself for not eating here sooner! It was great! As I looked at the menu, I was shocked to see how affordable all the prices were. This is the kind of place you can eat regularly on your lunch break and not bankrupt your checking accont!    I had the Chicken Chef's salad. It costed 7.25 and it was huge!! I was shocked that they put a half of a tomato on it as well as cheese, cucumber, half a boiled egg, and onions. It was piled high and deep and tasted so freah and crisp. The chicken was perfectly fried to a golden brown and cut into thin strips. It was also very tasty. The honey mustard dressing was delicious and they give you plenty!   My frriend had just an old fashioned hamburger. It was so very big and costed 4.95! You could get double patties for only 5.75! I almost wished I had gotten that instead! The bun looked so fresh, almost bakery made, I do not know. They serve crinkle cut french fries, which I prefer, and they gave her a lot of them!   They also give you a card when you order that has 10 stars on it. For every 5 dollars you spend, they card punch one star. After the card is completely punched, you get a free burger plate. I like little things like that from a rest6aurant. The staff was also super friendly and gave great service. Sadly, it is a small place and most of the seating is outside, but most is covered and ther are plenty on tables.    I know we will be going back alot! They have a large menu and I want to try so many of their specials and sandwiches! Great job Dive N!!!! I'LL BE BACK!!!!
5	Best damn gyro ever!! Great customer service every time. I come here at least twice a month and feel welcomed and enjoy the experience always!
5	So I don't live in Charlotte, but my parents do... Not knowing where to get good food is why I turn to Yelp. I was starved post run and on my way to pick up my mom from work. I checked out places that were near by me so I didn't just go with a natal chain like Panera, Chipotle, etc....After reading a few reviews here I decided to check it out. Walking in you order quickly at the counter, they move through the propel very quickly (as if they were the AM Dunkin Donuts counter in Boston... Sorry back to this review...)The food selection is such that you should probably go with their specialities ... Burgers, Chicken, BBQ. I went with a Gyro (one of the reviews mentioned it). It was a pretty warm day for December, and so I elected to sit outside on the heated patio. They quickly brought out my food. Which was very good and the fries exactly how I like them. I definitely would return for breakfast and even lunch. I'm definitely a fan!!
4	Great little place good food. Nice peps
5	OMG. Beautiful staff...and they are friendly as hell. Come by to refill your drink for you..burgers and sandwiches are awesome...low on seating on a rainy day though.
4	This is a fantastic place to get a burger, fries and a classic cherry coke.  It reminds me of a little burger joint I used to go to back when I was a kid.  The ladies working there are always amazingly nice, despite how busy it always is.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the hours are a little peculiar.  It always seems like we want to go here when they are closed, often times we would like to go for an early dinner on Saturday's but they close at 3 pm.  Never made it here for breakfast, but they open at 7 AM so it must be dang good.  Highly recommend this little local burger place!
5	This are seriously some mighty good on onion rings. Oh and the pork was awesome for the price. I was only mad I had no more stomach space to put more food in me..
5	I love The Dive N!  It's one of my favorite places in South Charlotte to go for lunch!The employees at the front counter where you order are always very nice and helpful when you just can't decide on what to order.  The restaurant is really clean and has a very kitschy, retro vibe to it.  You place your order when you walk in and then find a place to sit.  It's a kind of small restaurant so I suggest you get there early if you are going during the lunch rush!  The employees are always walking around making sure you have everything you need and making sure your drink is always topped off!One of my favorite sandwiches there is the fish sandwich.  The fish is fried, but not too heavy.  It's very tender and flakey and served on a big bun.  They also put Cole slaw on it which I think is fantastic!  It's super yummy!  Their fries are always my choice side because they're awesome!  They are the crinkle cut style and they are always hot and fresh!I've also tried their burgers and gyro and both are also good!Give The Dive N a shot, you won't be disappointed!!
4	Huge lunch rush on a Friday and I was in and out of there. I always look for an American drive thru type. They remind me of growing up in Washington, NJ where we had Stewart's. the burger, dog and fries were delicious today. A big shout out to the whole crew there for running a well chaos-ed  hot spot.
5	Great burger - good substitute for a Wad's burger!!! Breakfast is really good too!  Wish they served dinner.Staff is very friendly...   A very rare combo - friendly service, good food, decent price!
5	Thank you Yelp! I really enjoyed the Dive N. not only was the food great but the service was the friendliest I have had in recent memory!I was asked at least three of four times if delicious pulled pork BBQ was to my liking. The cole slaw was awesome and the Texas Toast and fries polished it off!Wonderful place, can't wait for my next trip to try more on the menu!
4	Found this place when yelping a spot for my birthday lunch!  Nice serving size, super helpful staff and yummy food...win! I had the cheeseburger club with sweet potato fries, hubby had the gyro with fries and my sister had the fried bologna sandwich with onion rings. Cheeseburger club was very nicely done (hold the tomato for me) and sweet potato fries were cooked perfectly, needed salt and a dipping sauce option would be great too.  I tasted the gyro and it was good but not something I would normally order anyway, fries were standard fare. I don't eat bologna so i didn't try it, but the onion rings were thick and battered well. Yum! Sweet tea was true to it's name, though slightly pricey in my opinion at $1.75, although you could get it refilled constantly if you liked!  Seating inside is limited but outside seating is available too.  I would definitely go back and recommend it for.sure!
5	This place is awesome!! I discovered The Dive-N when me and a friend were looking for a place to eat and somewhere we haven't been before. We stopped in and the place was pretty busy which is always good to see. The menu is filled with great options! Jimmy's burger is my favorite for sure! Also the price is really reasonable for fresh food. I go back here every month at least!!
5	This place was fabulous! My husband enjoyed the Jimmy's special and I enjoyed the fish sandwich. Great staff and friendly patrons!
4	I will definitely be back by here!
5	One of my favorites for weekend lunch! The food is always good and fresh. The staff is always friendly. French fries are crisp and the gyro, burgers and club sandwich are awesome! Simple. Fresh. Delicious!
5	One of the best diners around Charlotte.  The food is great and reasonably priced.  I highly recommend the double cheeseburgers and the club sandwiches. Haven't been here for breakfast yet, but they are usually PACKED!  They do have outdoor seating for warmer weather.
4	Went here with my husband for breakfast this weekend and was pleasantly surprised.  You order at the counter, but there is table service after you place your order.  The staff was very friendly and food was quite good!  Prices were reasonable.  Typical breakfast fare:  eggs, grits, hashbrowns, livermush, biscuits and gravy etc.  We'll be back for sure.
3	We were running early to pick up a u-haul for my move and decided to grab a late breakfast. This was a random place we saw and stopped in. The food was pretty good, very diner-esque. Service was pretty good as well. Honestly though it wasn't anything super special... I can see why they have a good regular following but the food itself isn't anything I can't make better at home. I was not thrilled with their grits and they tasted rather instant to me. They did have the little jelly packs from my 80's childhood and even had the mixed fruit one (basically apple and grape) which was always my favorite so that was a cool memory to bring back. Would I come here again? Probably not, it wasn't memorable enough.
2	I was so disappointed when I ate here w my co workers. The burgers were super greasy but the onion rings were decent, but I could have used more than four large pieces. I am close by but won't be returning.
4	I always come here for breakfast but thought I might try it for lunch while my car is being cleaned. Fast service and a cute but small dining area inside. Nice sunny patio in front which was perfect for a warm October day.
5	Fantastic 'greasy spoon food' but it's no greasy environment. Clean as a whistle and yummy!
