3	So I've lived here about 10 months now and so far its a nice place. Maintenance is quick and effective, the office staff is nice and the facility is clean. NO ROACHES, Or BUGS of any kind. The only down fall is the water, sewage, and trash prices are EXTREMELY INFLATED, expect to pay anywhere between $55-70 a month for these services. Also when it was time to renew my lease I was told that the building is in high demand so if i want to renew my lease I would have to pay $200 more a month in rent than I currently pay.
1	What an awful place to live! I lived here for 18 months and thank God I am finally out. The guy above us left his bathtub on over night and our downstairs apartment was completely trashed with holes everywhere in the ceiling. The manager at the time Kathleen (she was fired eventually) told me that this is apartment living and those things happen. She expected me to stay in that apt even though black mold can be deadly. I had to fight with her just to let me switch to a new unit and then she said she would waive transfer fees as a gesture. By law you have to provide an apartment renter with a safe environment. The pool was disgusting our entire time there. The maintenance guys even admitted that they don't clean the pools unless they have time. You will notice that multiple UHauls there daily with people getting the hell out of there. My packages constantly got stolen off my porch. Management would leave notes on my door saying I'm going to get fined for the dog poop even though I ALWAYS picked up after my dog.  Our last month there June 2013 our water heater exploded and so did our kitchen sink. Both incidents were reported to maintenance ASAP. It left carpet damage. Camden tried to bill us with $105 bill upon moving out for carpet repair! That carpet should be changed anyways with all the water damage. That place is absolutely disgusting. The carpet was old and dirty when we moved in there back in the beginning of 2012. Also we had a vacant apartment behind us that bums would break into every night and just live there. We reported it many times yet nothing was ever done. They would harass me and ring my doorbell at night or ask me for my cellphone if I happened to be out. Security is a joke and no help whatsoever. Also they charge you a $50 cleaning fee upon moving. I am disputing the charge however because my original lease was destroyed during the 3 floods we had and their lease does not show my signature that I ever signed anything like that.We left the apartment cleaner than we got it. The appliances are old. The apartments haven';t been remodeled. It's like living in the 1990's again. They spend all their money robbing their customers of stupid fees and they spend it all on gardening. Please go somewhere else. They are rude in the office and will not  help you if ever in need. The Camden regional office is just as bad. I've called for 4 days straight leaving voicemails each time and they will not contact me. Also don't be fooled by all the good reviews on here. New management took over a few months ago and probably bribed the residents to leave 5 star reviews in return for the cable fee waived. If you notice, the reviews are all from the same month and very short words. Camden did this to me when I first moved in. If i wrote something on their facebook they waived my cable fee for a month. And yes they MAKE you pay cable. That's an extra $43 a month whether you want it or not. They have a D- rating on BBB. Horrible place to ever live.
1	I came to Camden pines to get away from the streese's of life not to see more of it there is drug dealers gang bangers and there is no security guard you can never get a break even if you try to go for walk you  have to watch yourself because thepeople drive like maniacs and don't care who they run over
1	I ordinarily would not write a review in negative light about this complex but because of what I experienced since vacating my apartment I have been left really frustrated and offended by the treatment I have received. I signed a lease that was set to end on October 2nd 2014 and I had been seriously considering buying a home but did not plan to do so until after the lease was up...however, I found my perfect forever home and decided to carry on with my purchase early. I informed management that we would possibly be moving out of the apartment at some point in August. We did not know what date we would be completely out or not so I said "I have no problem paying the remainder of my lease plus normal cleaning fees" during the move out process even though I would be paying a FULL month and a half of rent in addition to my mortgage payment for September (and the few extra days in October). We actually signed notice on June 16th with the office for a 60 day to vacate -- so that we wouldn't be charged for the non-inform of vacating like we did when we transferred TO the Pines from another Camden apartment. We made absolutely certain to always inform the office of our plans as they transitioned so that they would know our status as it continued. We never wanted to give the impression that we were just going to say see-ya and bamboozle without informing management. We paid for electricity and gas until after we were gone as well and as we said, were also going to pay for the duration of the lease despite being out the apartment considerably earlier than that. We weren't even required to do that after giving the written notice but decided that there would not be much of a difference to us to just pay the rest of it out and have ample time to vacate than paying for an early termination and rush.The Pines seemed perfectly fine with that and we carried on with our process. We moved out of the apartment 20 days ago and I'll admit that I did not get the chance to thoroughly clean it as I INTENDED on doing so but I did not leave the apartment in shambles. It needed a good carpet cleaning and the fridge had been overlooked (because I'm a wimp) but I scrubbed down the tubs, sinks, and mopped. We had gotten the hallway and the living room shampooed less than a week before move out as well. We received our final bill and have been charged for 3 different cleaning fees -- we had a housebroken cat for the last 3 months of our time at Camden Pines and she was never allowed alone in the bedroom and NEVER, EVER peed on the carpets yet the bottom of the notice clearly stated that there were 3 large pet stains in the bedroom. How ironic considering that the cat was never in that bedroom by herself. Adding insult to injury, we were billed for rent through 9/27 PLUS the 995$ early termination fee of our lease (that was set to end on 10/2...yes, a 5 day layover between the two). We paid an entire month of rent in August and were getting ready to pay ANOTHER month of rent for September despite being out of the apartment since the 10th of THIS month. So we're being charged for well over $2,000.00 for rent, breaking our lease, AND miscellaneous fees. I would tell all of my friends to give Camden a chance and that our management was so amazing -- I truly LOVE Josie and Nicole, they are SO sweet, but I'm incredibly saddened by this. I had zero issue with paying for an empty apartment until the end of our lease and wanted to make sure that they were getting paid for everything that was and was not done but I now feel like my experience there was nothing more than an opportunity for corporate mind games and nonsense. If you can avoid working with Camden please do so because the hidden fees are insane and the way in which their corporate office treats you leaves you with a sour taste in your mouth. The on site staff is fabulous and I truly feel bad for them that they work for a company that chews up their tenants and spits them back out. Totally saddened by this and I'm SO glad that I am no longer a Camden resident.
