2	Tina did my comp blowout today.  I am happy that I didn't pay out of pocket for my blowout.  When I think of blowout, I think of big, voluminous, sexy hair.  My hair looks like it does everyday after I style it...flat.  Tina offered me my choice of water or mimosa and I told her I would like a mimosa.  Then she brought me a water.  Hmm, oh well.  I felt since it was a comped blowout, maybe I should just drink water and not say anything.She asked me if I wanted my hair washed, which I thought was strange b/c isn't that part of the blowout?  How would she add the volume to if it was dry?  I said yes, of course.  She did not use any hairstyling products like mouse or gel, which I found odd since we were going for a big look.She gave me a mini head massage while she washed my hair which I enjoyed.  The hair washing sink was not uncomfortable at all, it was actually quite comfy.  Then she made this little knot with the towel in my hair to dry it.  It was neat.Watch out, they will try to up-sell you on everything.
5	In Vegas for a legal convention at Caesar's Palace and need to have my hair looking sleek & professional.  Dollheads to the rescue with a perfect blowout in about 35 minutes!  Very convenient Strip location, great hours, and affordable at just $40.  I highly recommend Dollheads if you want to look your best.
4	Went here to have my hair done, as my husband and I were renewing our wedding vows on our 5 year anniversary while in Vegas.  Danielle did a great job and listened to what I wanted to do.  She made my vision a reality and did a fantastic job!  The staff were all really nice and I even opted to have my makeup done while I was there.  I will definitely return when I am in Vegas again!
5	I was looking forward to trying Dollheads since finding it on Yelp.  I was a bit wary because of earlier reviews, but the fears turned out to be unfounded.  They took me right on time for my early evening appointment.  Loved that I could book online!  Katelynn was my stylist.  She talked to me about what I wanted and showed me some pictures.  They only have three basic looks, so take your own pictures if you have your heart set on a particular style.  Katelynn modified one of the standard blowouts to exactly what I wanted.  After the consultation, she gave me a great head massage and wash/condition.  She offered me a mimosa, which I enjoyed while she dried and pinned my hair into loose waves.  She asked if it was okay if she used products and explained what they would do.  I brought my clip-in extensions, and she attached them carefully and much better than I can do myself.  She used a barrel iron to blend the extensions with my own hair.  I was THRILLED with the results!  The good hair days continued even after I took out the extensions and slept with my hair in a ponytail.  You can't beat the prices here, $40 for a blowout.  It's $25 extra if they do your extensions.  No one tried to push me to buy product.  I'll definitely be back to see Katelynn!UPDATE:  Went back for a second blowout with Katelynn and she did a great job again.  I'll be a regular here!
5	The blowout bar had a resident appreciation day and I had a comp blow-out by katelyn. Not only was the style amazing but the service was too! Will definitely be coming here again!
1	I wish I could give this place a zero. Terrible, slow service and the staff are not switched on. Don't bother trying to get hair extensions as they don't even have the hair! I ordered hair through them and was told that they would have it the next day so I put a $100 deposit down. The next day I heard nothing from the salon so I called them to find out they couldn't even get the hair at all! They didn't even give me the courtesy of letting me know this which is unacceptable especially after they insisted on taking the $100 deposit! The girl at the front desk didn't even sound apologetic at all. Terrible terrible terrible!! DO NOT GO TO THIS SALON!!!!
5	I went to Dollheads to have my hair done for some family pictures we were having taken while in Las Vegas.  First of all, it was very easy to set the appointment online and I appreciated that they sent a reminder email a day or two beforehand.  The Salon is very classy and clean.  Wen I visited them they were not very busy and I did not have to wait more than a few minutes for my stylist.  Molly did a fantastic job! I have finicky thick hair that I could not have gotten to curl the way she did.  I got the big and beautiful blowout and I loved it!  I could only hope to be able to do that myself at home.  Anyway, I am not the type who normally gets my hair blown out but for what I requested and paid for I was very satisfied.  I was also happy that the curls lasted until the evening of following day but by then I really wanted to give my hair a good shampoo.  OverallI would highly recommend Dollheads.
3	This space is pretty but there's no bathroom or coat room. I know the Vegas thing is huge public bathrooms set in high traffic areas but it's a salon amenity (are bathrooms really an amenity?) I'm used to, even if it is a salon inside a mall. The location is not *that* convenient since it's situated rather deeply in the mall, but it's easy to access from the parking garage or valet. I happened to be walking from a taxi cab drop off at Caesar's front doors so it was a bit of a hike, particularly since I had to battle the (very slow walking) mall crowds.The receptionist was super sweet and my stylist turned out to be nice but I was wary at first. I think a few other reviews have mentioned the problem with upselling and I couldn't have been in the chair for more than 60 seconds before the stylist told me my ends look dry and I should do a $25 conditioning treatment. She asked a lot of questions that felt like lead ups to criticisms as opposed to genuine information gathering: "How often do you do your extensions? Did you just have your color done?" etc. If you've gone to enough salons, you know when a stylist wants to compliment you or just find out more about your hair, and when they want to snark! And look, I'm open to suggestions but not when I haven't asked and I'm just trying to get a quick blowout in a city where I don't live from someone who isn't advertised as specializing in cut or color. I get colored regularly and cut regularly from people in well-established salons, I use high quality products, and if my hair still looks like crap, well, I think I'm just born that way The blowout itself was okay, the stylist was very gentle because I warned her I'm tender-headed, and I really appreciated that. But she tried to recommend we do it on dirty hair (insane! have never had anyone suggest that before when I've booked a blow dry. What are you drying if there's no wash?) and if her eye was so good, wouldn't she have known I was already going on day two of not-washing, and my crown was getting greasy? Or noticed that my hair is naturally curly, so it's going to hold curl really well regardless of being clean? I also cautioned her that I like my hair to be touchable, and she put a TON of product on it. I know it was well-intentioned, because she said it was to help it last, but I had to shower as soon as I could the next day because my hair was so sticky and the curl had fallen out. The bummer is that when I curl it myself with an iron, the curl stays well into the next day--without half a can of hairspray! Short version: I'm still holding out for a Drybar and I'm sure someone will pop up in Vegas any day now... Platinum Salon is amazing but too far from the strip for last minute/time crunch situations. In the future, while in Vegas, I'll either stick to styling my own hair or make the hike to Platinum.
2	As much as I wanted to love this place, being it's in Vegas - it was a total disappointment. I'm a avid supporter of Drybar in LA, so they've definitely set the bar high. Their space is okay, ok staff, but my hair was a total fail. I do a better job when I do my own hair. The stylist put far too much product in my hair and it only eneded up looking dirty, after a few hours. The only great part of my experience was getting my hair washed and the mimosa I got to drink while I had my hair done. I can't wait for Drybar to open their Vegas location. This place is definitely not worth my time or money.
2	The price is great for salon service on the strip, but don't expect to be wowed. It's your basic blowout, but they will get you in & out, and on your way in a jiffy.
3	I was visiting this weekend for the Rugby tournament and I wanted to get my hair blown out and curled for the night life!! I didn't want to spend time doing my hair because quite honestly I rather be pampered LOL.  The place was pretty busy when I arrived and I set an appointment so I didn't have to wait long if it was really packed.  I arrived 15 minutes early and was seen at 3pm.  I was scheduled with a new employee but it was all good, she was super cool. I think her name was Leigha or Leeanne. I forget. She was very nice and carried conversation while taking care of my hair. I gave a 3/5 just because my curls she did in my  hair went flat within 3 hours, but only on ONE side. I thought it was odd that that happened and of course I came to Vegas W/O a curling iron so I couldn't fix it. When I initially seen the final outcome i loved the back, but not my bangs, but I didn't want to complain... Plus it didn't look bad... its just not what I envisioned. I got plenty of compliments for my hair, but I wasn't feeling the front part too much until later when the hair started to flow better.After my first experience in San Diego I had high expecations for my hair but its all good... i would go there again because it is very conveinent and I ejoyed the free mimosa I had!! The girls are sweet and definitely get aquainted with their customers. See you again next time I come in!!!
3	I would go into detail about the 1500.00$ I wasted at this salon, but I'll keep it short and semi sweet. If you have CURLY or wavy hair naturally, do not rely on this salon. They will flatiron your locks into submission and talk you into some products that realistically only work for straight haired girls. Nice place but definitely not the best for a girl with mixed or unruly hair. I'd say it's a tourist trap, at best.
5	I absolutely cannot say enough about Dollheads or the wonderful women that work there. Tina worked with me on two occasions, she is amazing! I actually loved my look so much the first time I went back a few days later just to relax. I didn't ask for Tina either time, but I definitely would next time I come through/recommend her. I loved my make up and hair so much, she even told me the colors used so I could go find them later (not that I could do half the job she did, haha).I had both my make up and hair done here both times with curls and both times it lasted well into the early morning with no flubs or need for fix ups and as a girl who barely wears make up and only gets to enjoy this type of treatment once a year I definitely appreciate all the help and advice I can get. Tina even took pictures after she finished (I swear this woman made my friends cry they were so happy to see me looking my absolute best) and we laughed about it the next time I came in because she had remembered the same look I loved the first time. I can't say enough about how amazing it is that someone can care enough to remember their clients after only one appointment a week later in a place like Vegas, I was definitely impressed.I will be sure to remember Dollheads anytime I return to Vegas and have already recommended it to all my friends. The atmosphere is very trendy, with popular music playing, cute movies playing, women laughing and drinking mimosa's and the nicest staff I have ever met in any salon. I definitely recommend booking an appointment online before going because they do have a great reputation among the more local people and do get quite busy, but they are definitely worth waiting for as well!
4	Of course I came to Las Vegas without a plan of attack re: hair/makeup until the day of the wedding I was attending. Whoops. I looked around online and after refusing to pay $140 or more for a blowout or styling I called Dollheads at about 11 AM Saturday hoping and praying they would have an appointment for early afternoon. They didn't. The receptionist offered to take my name and number and call me if there was a cancellation - I figured why not, even though there's a snowball's chance in hell of that happening. Abysmal images of me doing my own hair started flashing through my mind (I am completely useless with straightening irons, curling irons, clothes irons...basically any type of iron) but I got ready to go get my makeup done and figured I'd just try to avoid having my picture taken as much as possible that night. I got a call a couple hours later, letting me know there was a cancellation and could I make a 4 PM appointment? Um, do fat kids love cake? Best part - I realized the salon was located in the Miracle Mile shops, which connect to Planet Hollywood, where I had to be at 6 PM for said wedding. I showed up after my makeup was done and Joseph took amazinggg care of me! Heavenly scalp massage during my shampoo, suggested different styles for the wedding, and my hair looked BEAUTIFUL and perfectly curly when I left. The curls are still about 75% intact the next day, despite a crazy Vegas wedding night. The price was reasonable, my hair looked fantastic, and I will definitely be coming back the next time I'm in LV!
2	I wanted to love this place, I really did, but I know a good blowout when I see one as I am pretty much addicted to them given my unruly curl. I was in Vegas tagging along with my man during a work conference of his. I was wanting hair as fabulous as my new dress and shoes so I decided that a blowout was definitely in order.The place itself has a great location, is clean and really swank looking when you walk in. Service was quite friendly at the front desk, but as soon as I was given my stylist, she put her hands through my hair and made a disgusted face saying 'your hair is so dry...I am going to need to do a full conditioning treatment." Upsell? Definitely... (I had just had my hair professionally done not 5 days earlier and my stylist always says I have lovely hair...curly, but never dry and certainly not scowl-inducing.)I was specific in saying what I wanted and must have said 'not frizzy' about 7 times and what did I get? A frizzy blowout...it looked nice for a bit, but did not last even the 2 hours until my event. Normally when I get a blowout, it can last for 4 days easily.Expensive, snotty and the movie they were playing made me want to gauge my own eyes out. Next time I go to Vegas, I am packing my flatiron. The only reason I am giving Dollheads 2 stars instead of 1 is because of the mimosa.
1	During a walk through the mall I noticed the Dollheads salon and thought it would be fun to try hair extensions.  The wash and blow out were fine, then we started with the extensions.  I was offered a choice of 18 or 21 inch.  I chose the 21's and my hair was styled.  It was not how I normally wear it, but it was cute.  It took a bit of getting used to.  Note that during this process I was never told the price of the extensions.  I figured it might be around $300, but certainly not the total I was presented with at the end - $1300.00!  Um, wow!  I paid because I had an event to attend, and chalked it up to experience.  The next day I was in the Fashion Show Mall with a friend getting sparkle strands threaded through her hair.  The station had the exact same extensions (brand name and length) as Dollheads.  The kiosk woman noticed my extensions and asked where I had gotten them, and for how much.  I was embarrassed, so I didn't say, and instead asked her how much they were here.  She said $300 - ugh, I felt terrible that I had been oversold by so much!  I sent an email/web comment to the Dollheads salon to address the situation, and never received a response.  Be aware, you can get a better price on the exact same extensions!
5	I have extensions and often get so tired of the work it takes to wash and style my hair.  I decided to try Dollheads and got an appointment with Jamie the very same day, just a few hours later.  The salon is very pretty and clean, everyone was welcoming and helpful.  Jamie recommended a treatment which made my hair incredibly smooth and silky.  She also offered me a drink and gave a really great head massage.  Her blow dry and styling skills were amazing and I loved the end result.  My curls held up for two days and my hair is still silky from the treatment.  A really relaxing experience .. I will be a regular client for sure!!!!
5	This place is very accommodating, Jamie did an excellent job with my hair and make. It was my first time in this place, she did an outstanding job. I recommend this place to everyone that like to get a blowout and make up. Jamie is professional and friendly lady. Thankkkkkk you Jamie for making me super beautiful for the special event.
5	This place is awesome! Ask for Sunshine. Their located at fashion show mall now. I have really short hair so I went it for hair extensions yesterday. Sunshine the lady that did my hair was the best. She recommended that I try the clip ons. She sampled them on my hair and it turned out just how I wanted it to be! I am super particular when it comes to mg hair, but she got it on point! So after I told her that I wanted them. She took me step by step on how to install them properly and she even made a write out. Definitely worth the money for me and no doubt in my mind I will be coming back soon.
2	So heres is the situation...had a few drinks too much and needed to get ready fast ... figured ill just get a quick wash and fix my hair myself.. epic failed on the wash! my stylist did a great job washing my ends but left my scalp dirty. I didn't even care about the blow out...I just want clean hair! And you failed at that simple request. ...
