5	Highly recommend.  They are up to date with the latest technologies and are great people.  Best dentist(s) I've ever had.
5	Dr. Markham/Hair have the most knowledgeable dental staff I have ever dealt with.  Everyone goes out of there way to be as personable as possible, even when I was 25 minutes late for one of my appointments.Dr. Markham exercised phenomenal work when he filled my first cavity in November 2010.  There is absolutely no visible indication that he performed any dental work at all in my mouth; the filled tooth looks 100% natural.  I could not have asked for a better outcome.  In addition, he ensured that I was perfectly comfortable while he performed the operation.  His surgical assistant, Angela, was attentive to all of my needs; I could tell that she was very experienced.This is by far the best dental office I've visited.  HIGHLY recommended.My only regret is that Yelp does not allow me to allot six stars to Dr. Markham's office!
5	Dr Hair and his staff were excellent when I needed a quick emergency procedure.  Even though I was visiting from Cal. they quickly took me in and gave me the utmost professional care with clean, precise and quick dental work.  They are very high tech and very solid professionals.
5	Been going to this practice for over 20 years.  Consistently great service from all, especially Sue & Rita at the front, Nan and Dr. Markham!  Always punctual!!  Dr. Markham even went so far as to replace a 2 year old filling at no charge, not because there was anything wrong with it but my teeth had moved and it needed to be built out.  You will not be disappointed.  Thanks guys.
5	I really like dr markham and his staff here. I got lucky when I moved here and pretty much started with him. From what I hear it's hard to find a good dentist in town. He never tries to sell me anything like teeth whitening or night guards. Very up to date equipment and they are now paperless with all my charts. If you are in need of a dentist or want to try a new one I highly recommend checking this one out.
