4	After amassing some points we decided to spend some of them here after I had made some football bets.  Normally, Station casinos are not great lines but they have higher limits than one would think, about double the Hilton.Anyway, we were seated after a slight delay and I got the Delmonico and my girl friend just had the salad bar.  The salad is very good and included in entrees or by itself with soup for $16.They have more variety than most salad bars and very good quality including bleu cheese crumbles, asparagus, shrimp salad, peas, artichokes, palm hearts, etc.  That night they had red and Boston clam chowder--the latter was pretty good.The bread basket is below average consisting of thick sour dough slices and raisin bread.  My steak was a little slow in coming.  The 24 oz. ribeye was served with a side of zucchini/squash, a baked potato and bernaise sauce in a little container.Ribeye was a pretty good quality steak about an inch and 1/4 thick with fairly good marbling.  Overall it was not up to the quality of Craftsteak but worth the smaller price tag.  The spud was about 6 inches lond and as thick as my wrist at its plumpest part.  Vegetables were very crisp and hot, a good treatment of a so-so side.  I prefer mushrooms with steaks.  The only complaint was the bernaise which was served cool.  I don't use it for steaks but I dabbed some on the veggies.  Everything else was done correctly except this.Service was good except for that small delay in getting seated.  My girlfriend enjoyed the salad bar and didn't go back for seconds even though there are no limits on trips back.Pros:1.  Pretty good value for the money.2.  Very good salad bar.3.  Clam chowder above average.4.  Steak quality and cooking execution pretty good.5.  Decent service.Cons:1.  Bread not very good.2.  Food temperature inconsistent.3.  Not so great for wines, none was ordered.Overall for about $63 including tax and tip it was worthwhile.  It is an in-between place.  Not quite fine dining but not diner food either.  If you go in expecting this you probably won't be disappointed.  If you are with a big group you will not like it.  It is set up mostly for booths so aranging tables might not be feasible all the time.
5	PAN ROAST FTW!!!In our hard economic times I still am able to scrounge up some money to make the drive from LA to Vegas to get me some Pan Roast.  This is a must eat in vegas.  Words cannot describe how filling and good this thing is.  You have shrimp, lobster, crab and rice...what more can you ask for as an asian?  I'd strongly recommend sharing this dish with 1 or 2 ppl.  Its HUGE!The service is really good too once you're seated.  I personally enjoy eating at the bar, something about it just enhances the overall experience.  The chef Bob is a pretty funny guy too.  Really friendly.
4	OK, good news first.  The pan roast is still the best you will find anywhere even though the price is now up to $17.99.  The bad news is that you can only get the pan roast now at the bar.  You can no longer order pan roast if you go inside the restaurant and sit down.  The wait is also excruciating.  I went there on a Wednesday night.  Not exactly a time where the casino is packed.  There was only 1 waitress and 1 cook for 18 seats.  I counted because I was standing in line for 40 minutes!  I just stood there and watch customer after customer get up and leave after they finished their meal but there was no one to clear out their plates and tell the next person to sit down.  It was hard for me to get mad at the waitress since she had to take all the orders, bring out all the drinks, take care of all the checks, serve soup & salad, and clear the plates.   So after 10 seats opened up, the waitress finally got around to seating the 6 people waiting in line.  Then, of course, there was another 20 minute wait for the food.  Total time waiting 1 hr 30 minutes.... on a Wednesday night!  If you want a good pan roast go here.  Just don't expect to get it very quickly.
4	Niice -- why does this place  have to be in the Palace Station?!? Ole' lady helped us to our seat like it was 1973 all over again - loved it! I even got moldy bread but I'd still go back and bite into that New York steak they got going there! Yum yum ... water always full, Black Label and 7Ups were well done at the bar ... deicious!! but seriously - no moldy bread next time, plz.
3	How do you know your getting old? It's when you get exited when a steakhouse starts serving dinner at 4pm. This place is Palace Station's answer to "fine" dining. I like that it doesn't try too hard though.       The oyster bar is attached to it at one end and they share a kitchen, so all throughout dinner I saw servers running back and forth. The place was designed this way, so you know right from the start they weren't trying to be too fancy.      There are no table clothes or salad forks and forget about extra knifes for your bread. In fact if you don't want bread it's optional, my hubby and I had to ask for a basket. If you get a steak it actually comes with a side. If you need more than one, they are just four bucks. Service was mediocre, but the steak was pretty good.  The place is really inexpensive and even has a cheesy nautical theme.       "Fine" dining this place just ain't it, but the food is good, simple and fairly priced.  You can get in and out is less than an hour, and if your "old" like me you can get your dinner grub on at 4pm.
1	This is the "steakhouse" at Palace Station. More like a regurgitation of their crappy coffee shop chow, in a slighly more appealing atmosphere.FOOD: The worst orange roughy I have ever tasted... mushy, soggy and repulsive. Dry pork chop, bland creamed spinach. Stale, old looking items on the salad bar. SERVICE: Our waiter was poorly trained and indifferent.  He did not even know the difference between Bouillabaise and Ciopinno.One star for the good bread basket (pretty hard to screw up store-bought bread). Don't bother.
4	My friend and I waited 30 minutes outside the Oyster Bar and gave up the wait because we were, well, I was, starving!!! I have eaten at the Broiler many years ago and did not remember if I liked it or not. Anyways, we were greeted by our server, Oscar, immediately after we were seated. The place was kind of empty, but I didn't mind. Our drinks were served immediately, and we were brought this little basket of bread assortment. The whole wheat with grape bread was delicious! I could eat a whole basket of that by myself! We wanted oysters, so we ordered a dozen of the fresh oysters. The tiger shrimp cocktails and the steakhouse chopped salad. The oysters were very fresh - kind of small but fresh - and complemented with fresh grated horseradish. The tiger shrimps - I was not too crazy about since I have had better elsewhere. I would try the jumbo lump crab cocktail next time though. The chopped salad was amazing! The perfect amount of dressing and flavor! I will definitely come back to the Broiler and skip the wait at the Oyster Bar!
1	They should move the Oyster Bar in here!
3	The restaurant was virtually empty on this weekday night.  We each ordered the 8 ounce filet mignon done medium rare.  All entrees include the soup and salad bar.  The filet was cooked to perfection and turned out to be better than I expected.
1	We live in Vegas and go to the Broiler once or twice a year. We went tonight and apparently they changed the menu since we were there last. Everything is ala carte. You have to buy a side dish separately. And the prices for the entrees are ridiculous. They are charging strip prices. We will never go back. The quality of the fish seemed worse than Red Lobster. Think twice before going here.
3	My medium rare steak was cooked to perfection.. Prices were ok, but damn I wish you werent charged for each individual side.. Pretty good salad bar also.. The bread basket was so good I got ghetto and asked for a second one.. I'll go back everytime I get a We Luv Locals coupon so I can save some cash..
4	The best steak I've had. Juicy, and cooked to perfection... Bone in rib eye more like cave man rib eye... Delicious steak flavor and bite no bs flavoring just meat at it's best... Great specials too but I think I'll stick with bone in rib eye and complimentary salad bar no need for sides. Pretzel bread also amazing
3	So we went here at 4:30, and the place was practically empty.  So the service was excellent.  The lady who seated was very nice to my daughter.  My daughter was all dressed up and very proud of herself and getting complimented just made her day.The soup and salad bar that came with the entrees were very good.  Nice variety.  The crab cakes were delish.  The dessert was good.  I like my filet.  My hubby thought his steak was a little gristly.  We ordered mac & cheese, but no one really liked it.  The mash potatoes were yummy.  Decent price on the wines by the glass. I'd give them 3.5 stars, but you can't.  We'd go back again.  I think it was a little overpriced.  We ended up spending over $100 with our restaurant.com coupon.  I think this place is on par with Outback.  Better than Sizzler.What really made them shine was the excellent service from all wait staff.   They actually deserved the included 18% pre-added gratuity.
4	This place looks like my house growing up in the 80s, hideous wood paneling and boring paintings of sailboats included. So take my advice and look down at your plate instead of looking at the walls because the food was delicious.  The wedge salad was superb as wedge salads usually are. The bacon wrapped shrimp and the tomato/mozzarella were great appetizers. Steaks are the way to go here and the mushroom side dish was pretty damn amazing. They also have an impressive dessert menu including cheesecake from Carnegie deli in NY and this ice cream ball monstrosity.
4	don't let the tacky flashing slot machine lights and the smell of old carpet deter you from this place."How hot would you like your dish?""Slap a kick-me sign on me and give me a 7!!"7 had quite the kick, but one i welcomed with open arms. I ordered the combo roast with shrimp and one scoop of rice.  I also ordered a place of raw oysters, fresh but i came across one that was sand-y.i have mixed feelings for this place.  It's something i would crave if i was  in foggy San Francisco.  However, in las Vegas,  the consistency of this dish did not go well with the alcohol diet i was on nor the sweltering humidity. Next time,  i might ask for another scoop of rice next time or something less soupy.  I was praying that i would not replicate the dish later on that night, via throw-up.
4	Always good.  Don't eat the rice if u don't want to get too full.
4	Aside from the Palace Station Hotel itself, which was one of the worst DUMPS I had the privilege of staying in, The Broiler Restaurant off the main casino was pretty good.  This place exceeded my expectations which at the time were not very high due to my previous hotel experience.We had the Filet Mignon steaks, baked potato, dinner salad, and glasses of their house wine; all very good!  The steaks were tender and cooked to perfection.  The side dishes were also prepared very well.The service and attentiveness to detail could have been slightly better.  They did forget to bring my glass of wine, and had to remind them of that fact.  Other than that, the food itself gets a high rating for excellence.
4	For being in palace station wow i was impressed the rib eye was great the salad bar could be a little betterbut the prices good but i agree a remodel should be in the near future but hey they are ony like 30 years behind and it does match for palace staion
3	In the past the expansive soup and salad bar was included in the price of entrees, but a $3 surcharge has been introduced since our March 2011 visit.  We did not try any of the offered soups, but filled our plates with fresh salad ingredients and the bottled dressing.  We each ordered the bouillabaisse which included a copious amount of seafood in a just okay tomato based broth.  The medium spice level we requested turned out to be too spicy for my wife, but about right for me. The bill, including tax and gratuity, was $60.35, but by stacking a LVA $25 off a $50 meal coupon with a WeLuvLocals gift card, the bottom line was a more frugal $20.08.
5	OMG - I think I just went back in time to the 1980's but fell like I sat at CUT!!!The decor is terrible, the location inside the Palace Station is pretty awful and the only reason I went in with my fiance is because the wait for oysters was over an hour...As a side note we hit the oyster bar about every other week as we live just across the ways, that may change after this visit. There are many elements to a great meal and of course food is number 1 on the list but bad service can ruin even the best of meals. It can also persuade you to return if you had a bad lot. So I will go down on record as having the best waiter and bus person ever. Oscar is a complete delight, he is efficient, on the ball and in my eyes the BEST WAITER I have ever had. This man should be courted by some of the finest restaurants in town, he is that good. The only one close is Israel @ The Barrymore. He makes the trodden down Broiler come alive, I cant remember the last time I tipped 30% +. And the lady making sure the iced tea glasses where never empty is as sweet and my fiance likes her tea.Food - Dozen oysters (9 out of 10), crab legs (7 out of 10), salad bar (7 out of 10), bone in rib eye (10 out of 10).Salad Bar was a surprise for $3 you get the same chowder as at the oyster bar and they are smart in the sense they know they aren't that busy. Why smart? Each of the salad bar offerings is put out in very small amounts, enough maybe for 3 to 6 people at any given time. This ensures that while they do not put out the most glamorous offerings, what they do put out is extremely fresh and even the plates are in a chill box.Rib eye - OK so here is the the most amazing part...Oscar recommended the steak and i ordered medium rare. Incredible flavor, cooked to perfection and overall one of the best steaks I have had in a very long time. Worth every penny of the $37 I think I paid.You can't beat a couple of cold beers, some oysters, a great steak and the company of a beautiful lady...hard to top!To the "The Broiler" I say thank you for a pleasant surprise, to "Oscar" I say a heartfelt thanks for making the evening far better than I expected it to be, Stations Casinos is lucky to have you and they need to get you in their commercials!!!!And to the ice tea lady, don't change, the tea would be nowhere as sweet without you.We will be backHappy HolidaysPS. I hope this review finds it's way back to Oscar, somehow, someway!
2	Looks and feels like Denny's in 1991, food costs nearly as much as Ruth's Chris and tastes like something in between. Outback? Chilis? TGI Friday's? You get the point. To make matters worse, we were one of only two parties in the restaurant at 9:30pm, so the waitress had no reason for providing such lackluster service.$79 for two people, and we didn't order drinks. Ouch.
1	We came for the oyster bar and the long line was a drag and the strong smell of cigarettes was making me nauseous so we decided to go into the neighboring restaurant "The Broiler". I assumed the casino might get its sea food shipment from the same place since both places are feet apart. Boy was I wrong.Two people in my party got sick from the oysters. The Clam Chowder was so gritty it was inedible, my hamburger was dry and smelled old. To top it off a bill for two people is about $70 you can go to a really nice restaurant for $15-20 a plate in Vegas.AVOID THIS PLACE. IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY AND YOU MIGHT GET SICK.
4	Came here after learning of a $19.99 crab leg special that they were advertising for all Station casinos during the month of May.  We were a bit worried that it would be just a small plate, but boy were we wrong.  Plenty of steamed crab legs that were just delicious!  The potatoes and corn on the cob that came with it were the reason the star was left off..quite plain.  Purchase the salad bar for just 3.99...it was really good but the clam chowder was maybe one of the best I have had in a long time.  The manager came over and said the special may run through June...if it does...go!
2	Interior looks sad and outdated, fitting the theme of the casino it's located in.  Ordered the surf & turf, which is the filet and lobster.  All entrees come with a trip to the soup and salad bar, so got a few vegetables and the clam chowder.  Soup was really gritty, they should try to wash the clams out better.  When the food came, it was pretty obvious that the steak I got was previously frozen, as the texture was dry although cooked medium rare.  I'm pretty sure the steak I got was only USDA Choice or Select, the types you can get in any supermarket.  For the price, you'd really expect that it would be Prime.  Also, the lobster while large was rubbery and tough, not like fresh juicy lobster which I also expected.  I can imagine the field day Robert Irvine or Gordon Ramsey would have with this place on their tv shows.  Its only saving grace was the service, as Oscar my waiter was attentive, fast and really friendly.
4	We were shocked that this place was not busy on a Friday nite.  The food is delicious, the salad bar is very fresh and the service is outstanding.  Rita the hostess makes you feel like your family.  Locals should flock here, it is a great value, I had halibut, it came with veggies and salad bar.  The bread basket is also good.  All this for $24, amazing.  We certainly hope this encourages more people to give this place a chance.  We love it and can't wait to return.
