4	Robert has worked on my guitars for over 30 years.  He is hands down the best in the valley when it comes to guitar repair.  The guitar repair section of the store is all I have used.  The rest of the store has some music instruments for sale, and for rent.  Local stores like this are much better to deal with than your big corporate stores.  Better service, better quality - thank you Robert!
5	This music store should be THE example for all music stores. The staff are knowledgable, friendly and professional. I've had a few guitars set up to perfection that were supposedly set up previously. HIGHLY recommend.
4	We rent a violin for our son here and have come in several times for other supplies and tune ups on our guitar. Everyone we have worked with have been super knowledgeable and they don't talk down to me for not being a non-musical noob. I really do appreciate that. The only reason I wouldn't give them 5 stars is because they regularly have issues with their check-out system. The credit card machine goes down, takes forever... Kinda a pain in the butt. But overall, typically a great experience.
5	This quaint little music shop is a secret find of mine.  Great prices, fantastic staff, and knowledgeable staff (important in this business).  I love coming to this music store because they always seem to have what is needed, and having three musicians in our house, that is important.  We recently took an instrument to be looked at for repair and the guy fixed it on the spot, no charge. Of course, we ended up spending money in the store anyways, so it was a win-win for Buchanan Music and myself.  I've me the owner a few times and he's always willing to work with me on prices and helped order me a personalized product once. Highly recommended.
5	Buchanan Music is an authorized Takamine dealer and Russ is the guy that we've dealt with in the past year.  He is completely awesome.Sometimes calling, whomever picks up the phone, if it's a woman, it's a bit hard to understand her, but as long as we get Russ there's no issues.  He was our go to when we needed to get our Takamine replaced, Russ helped us so much in sending our guitar to KMC Music, but also receiving it, which is another story in itself.  He made sure we got a good guitar this time.  And about 6 months later, the guitar needed some adjustments and Russ did it.  The guitar plays beautifully and we appreciate Russ' talent in working on guitars.  You can tell he loves the instrument and is a master craftsman.We appreciate your work, Russ.  Thank you for helping my husband develop his passion and love for the guitar.
