3	I actually enjoy this place for quick meal on the go. Food may not be authentic but it's tasty. My big problem with this fast food place is the checkout clerk never listen to you. The last three times I have been here I have asked to please have some of the Hot  Chili sauce packets and I get home and open my meal and guess what nothing there. My visit tonight was the same again. Now I do understand that a fat, rude, disgusting family was in front of me in line and that created chaos for the staff and everyone in line behind them. That should make the employees more attentive to the needs of the customer behind the rude pigs but it seems to be without fail that the polite customers to follow are always the ones to get the lesser service in the end. I say put the Hot Chili packets out in front of the register so the client can get them themselves.  If the employees don't listen then take it out of their hands so that the customer can still get what they need regardless of the employees or the rude patrons before them.
2	Staff is unfriendly here.  I pulled into the parking lot and was getting out of the car.  It was 850pm and the sign said open.  One of the staff members pushing a garbage can said we are closed, "no mo" I asked aren't you open until 9?  He said yes, but the last people are in the drive thru now and that's all.  Your sign says open, but you say closed?  I guess you're more concerned with going home for the evening then my business.  Poor representation of your company.  Plenty of substitutes.  I'll stay with Pei Wei.  For a buck or two more, the service is superior and no comparison between the two.
3	It's Panda Express.  Run of the mill chinese imitation food.  I like the bejing beef. It's clean in here, the staff is quick, and its got a drive thru which is pretty cool. Well, it's cool until the guy in front of you has apparently never been to a Panda Express and decided on the drive thru.  I somethimes think they are waiting for a magical hand to reach out of the speaker to give them a sample of what every deep fried delecacy they are thinking of. It's not gonna happen.Go inside for the samples, firends.
4	General feel:  This location is great.  It is relatively new and offers a fast drive-thru and sparkling new interior.  Same affordable and quality tasting meals that makes me love the Panda Express brand.Customer service:  Two employees I've noticed, Susana - she is extremely welcoming and genuine, it is always nice to see her,  and Nancy - I appreciate her efficiency at taking orders and serving guests, on busy days she keeps the line moving fast.  There is one girl I will remain nameless, let's call her Lipstick, is a bit .... how to put it ... it seems as every day is her first day on the job.  Which is a bit frustrating when you see her every time.Tip:  Fill out the easy survey (online or by phone) on the back of your receipt and receive a free entree with your next purchase of a two-entree plate.  I love giving positive feedback!  It's easy for people to criticize, I like to recognize whats good :)
3	Panda Express goal I think is to feed the American masses, not the Asian community.  That's ok, it's pretty cheap for what you get and can feed me at least for two mealtimes.   With a drive -thru,  I can go get half and half noodles and fried rice and orange chicken within 5 minutes!   Staff has always been friendly while taking my orders and I've never have had issues with the food.  If you want a quick cheap tasty fast food meal that you can get broccoli and green beans in your meal, Panda Express will satisfy!
3	This Panda location has a drive thru. Beware of extremely long lines during lunch time at an establishment that is sooooo understaff. I thought I could make it in and out by going in but that was just as bad.I can say the manager was very friendly and patient. Considering the fact that he had to manage as well as serve he is a true manager who really works hard. The food was tasty and flowed with the presentation. Hot food that is overall good food. The service at the register was not friendly with a smile. You can tell an employee oh likes there job with an employee who is catching a paycheck.I will be back but I will come during a slower time of day. Lunch time is a zoo. Some Perks on this place:This establishment is super clean. Plenty of condiments neatly organized.Plenty of parking
4	Food is great just need to hired more people just the line is always long and there so slow
5	Very good service wonderful style they play attentive come in order right delicious food better fresh will come back again
5	I LOVE coming to this restaurant!!!!! I like how all the staff are really nice and helpful and energetic. And there is a young lady name MARY!!! MARY!!! MARY!!!, EVERY TIME I come in to this restaurant she is always with a SMILE on her face and VERY FRIENDLY!!!! I just wanted to nominated her for a FABULOUS JOB SHE HAS DONE TO THIS COMPANY!!!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
5	It's nice when you're greeted as you walk in the door by employees! The food was all fresh and delicious. The teriyaki chicken was not burnt, unlike some other panda express locations in the valley. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area.
2	GREAT FOOD!! But how the hell does a Chinese food restraint run out of chow mein on a weekday at lunch time. Get your shit together. I don't see any managers. Must be nice.
