3	I'm not too impressed with this particular Dick's Sporting Goods. It is in a great location in the Waterfront, but the selection seems a bit limited to me. They have what you need, but they don't have many options it seems.I went in there the other day and it looks like they also have a snowboarding section now, which they definitely did not have last season. They also have hunting, golfing and biking, in addition to the other regular deptartments. Your normal Dick's. Nothing spectacular, but it will do.
2	I don't see to many options in Pittsburgh for sporting goods. Dick's seems to be the big chain for sporting paraphernalia in this neck of the woods. Their selection is poor especially in the snowboarding and biking section. Maybe it's good for small children who want their first snowboard? It is a very average store with average products. I would like to see some attempt to carry more high end products. I am not into fishing or hunting live prey so I am not sure about these departments? I guess if you want some Under Armor products then this is the place to go because I see aisles upon endless aisles of these types of products.
3	Monopoly complete...I finally understand why (and how) Dick's Sporting Goods can charge the prices they do -- there is no competition.  Come on people, I need these warming items to keep from turning into a Sal-cicle and I am paying a lot of money to accomplish this.  The only saving grace is that the people are nice and the selection is there.  Can we get some lower prices?
2	I enter every sporting goods stores as a soccer player, runner, and sports fan, so my reviews will always be skewed towards those particular areas. With that said, this is probably the worst Dick's location that I've ever been to. The selection is very limited for soccer gear, which must be a testament to the lack of the local customer base seeking out soccer gear. It's mostly low-end youth gear, too, which makes it nearly useless to adults or even some teenage soccer players.The staff at this location has always been really nice, though, and it's the closest location to where we live, so I still end up going there quite a bit for running and clothing needs (of course, we usually leave empty-handed as they don't have what we're looking for). They do have quite an extensive fan gear section if you're looking to support the local Pittsburgh teams, but this store just doesn't have the overall inventory necessary to be considered a "good" Dick's location.
