3	"The Sub that Sunk"  A solid three stars for the customer service at this new location with friendly service with the staff that seemed to be enjoying there time working with each other.  I did receive my free sub for the grand opening of this location, however even though the deli meats were sliced in front of you to prove the freshness of their ingredients, my Italian sub was "A-OK."  I would consider going again because of the service, but maybe a second try with a different sub will satisfy my sub appetite.  I kept comparing it to Jimmy Johns Subs which are much tastier, however service is lacking.
4	I like Jersey Mike's.  This location opened in the last month or so; I went there right after it opened and also a couple weeks after.  I always get a cheesesteak with no peppers.  Both times the sandwich was good, up to par with other locations.  Like the other reviewer said, the employees were bantering back and forth with each other in a friendly way.  The toppings here are pretty limited, but they do slice the meats to order and give you a choice of white or wheat bread.  They have a few hot sandwiches, and offer sides of chips and cookies and have fountain drinks.  I always get a regular sub, since the giant ones are GIANT.
4	Get it Mike's Way. It's really good.
3	Hot Sandwiches are awesome.....cold sandwiches just average. I highly recommend the Chicken Cheese Steak......peppers....onions....chipotle mayo....mmmmmmmmmm....real good. The Service could be better....but all in all not a total loss. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	I have been to jersey mikes before but in another state. I can't lie this wasn't my first choice for lunch but my other choice was packed. The place was clean and well kept and the staff was friendly and inviting. There was seating but not a ton which I suppose is part of the business design. The subs were good but not a ton of choices. I got an Italian style sub while my wife got the chipotle philly steak sub. Both subs were good but the price was too high once you added a drink and chips. Our two sub combos along with a kids menu option for my boy was $26.00. All I'm saying is that I could go to subway and get the same thing for 10 bucks less, along with chemicals is my bread ha!!!I'm undecided if I will return or not.
1	I had a bad experience with shitty ATTITUDE. Bad service w/no training...and yes, this is all about a to go container. I ordered 5 giant subs to-go for a business lunch. All plain and requested the condiments on the side. I have never had such an issue about getting a side of lettuce and tomatoes. He made the biggest deal about a .05 cent  plastic to go containers....HELLO!! I just spent 66 bucks AND gave you a $10 tip on top of it. If anything, I made your day easier by not fully making the subs and putting everything on the side.Point is, I had a stupid conversation about "well 5 giants subs would be 25 tomatoes..and i don't want to put a tub of 25 tomatoes in a container." I had to like bargain with the man and agreed to only 10 tomatoes and whatever space was left for the lettuce in one container.Next time, offer the catering platter (which is exactly what I ordered...and the condiments come on the side)
1	I don't understand how this location can be THIS awful when the one on Bell Road, just west of Tatum can be so good?! Don't bother with this one, drive a little farther and go to the one on Bell.  This one: stale bread, less meat, cheese not melted on hot subs, SLOWWWWW service...it's awful.
2	Too expensive for what you get. Other reviewers are right. The employees have a bad attitude. Subs are okay, way too salty.
1	If I could give this location a negative star rating I would. Every time I have been here has been worse than the prior visits. This time I only came back to redeem a free sub coupon that I was given on a prior visit when I informed them that they gave me $10 to much when they counted my change back to me. So I ordered my sub which I had to do three times because the person taking my order couldn't remember anything. Then when I went to the register they refused to accept the coupon they gave me saying they no longer accept those even though there was not printed expiration date but said they would give me $3 off instead. After they couldn't figure how to ring it up I was told they were just not going to accept it and I would have to pay full price. The young man ringing me up had a huge attitude and was a prime example why the minimum wage shouldn't be raised. To cap off this horrible experience when I got home both of the sandwiches were made wrong. STAY AWAY from this location if not all of them which is what I am going to do
4	I have been to other jersey mikes but this one is honestly the best one with the best customer service. Everyone is always so nice and so quick to take my order! I'm here at least once a week and I always come back. The staff is very friendly and all seem to know what they're doing. I would definitely recommend to friends and family and I'll definitely continue to come back!
1	Slow moving employees that don't listen to the order taken. We ordered 2 subs and payed $24. RIDICULOUS. When you swipe your card to pay, it's prompts a tip line. Seriously? Your getting paid an hourly wage to do you job, and they want a tip for the bad service they provided?? No thank you, I'll go back to Subway.
3	My sister told me to try Jersey Mikes since I eat a lot of Jimmy Johns. Ok so I tried it. At $12.45 for a footlong was a joke! It was not $5 better than JJ's by a long shot. Also, JJ's bread is A lot better!!
