4	This was a welcomed stop in the Valley.  Out here on the Peninsula, you've got about 70 7-11s, 25 am pms, and about 5 Circle Ks.  In the Valley, the 7-11 to Circle K ratio is reversed, and the 7-11s have gas stations too.However, the Valley also has QuikTrip, which is a jumbo-size convenience store/truck stop with about 12 kinds of soda and a choice of cube or crushed ice.  They also have about 8 slush drinks.  Tons of junk food rounds out this place.  Awesome for road trips, to wet your whistle, or to gain a few pounds.  Recommended.
4	Not much to say about this place besides it's a gas station. The only reason I feel a need to comment - its one of the few in Phoenix area that feels safe. I gassed up one late Sunday night. It wasn't until I was putting my seat belt back on that I was like - this is a pretty sweet spot.  No weird people coming up to me when I pump. The area always well lit. And the convenience store area actually remains clean and stocked up. I wish others would take note.
5	Quick Trip is the only gas station that is a sure place to stop for a clean bathroom.  The attendants are friendly and very quick too.  Their gas prices are generally lower than Circle K and they have every drink on the planet inside.
4	My first convenient store/gas station review. I had been told about this place by a friend and it lived up to the hype. First off, the gas area is large and not crowded like other gas stations.Once inside, the display of food and drink was amazing. There were a ton of different hot dog options, taquitos, and other hot bites. The buns are kept warm down below. As for the drinks, there are 2 walls with everything you can imagine such as milkshakes, smoothies, fancy coffee flavors, etc.The service was great and there is a lotto machine in the corner. Again, even the inside did not feel cramped. It was nice and modern. The only reason this is not 5 stars is because there were no onions as a condiment option for your hot dogs!
5	QT is always clean, they have the best customer service any gas station can/will offer you. If your a outsider qt is a must for you!!!
2	This qt is so busy I have to wait  in line to get a drink. I usually drive around a couple times to get a gas pump. I guess that's what you expect at qt. I really like the one one estrella parkway. I can say that the cashiers hustle and get the line going quick here. Good job cashiers.
5	Always clean, always friendly,  always efficient,  always a great beverage and refreshments selection.  My favorite go-to convenience store and fuel center!
5	Quick Trip is always a great gas station to refuel, as well as freshen up and who doesn't love the soda fountain station and multitude of snacks.  Cheap gas, ice cold drinks, and snacks. Does it get any better.
4	The QT's are pretty much standard across the valley...clean bathroom, stocked merchandised, minimal wait times, friendly staff.
5	I LOVE THIS GAS STATION! It is always clean and pumps are always working. Cashiers are nice, friendly, and fast! Food is always fresh, even at midnight! The store is big and very clean. The gas price sign is bright, big, and easily visible! I drive out of my way and pass 4 gas stations to come here. Thank QT!
