5	The Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill doesn't officially open until November 5, 2014, according to the wolfgangpuck.com website, but I was lucky to stumble in on their soft opening a day early. All the head honchos were in attendance, from Wolfgang's "right-hand" man to the executive chef of Wolfgang Puck (as told to us by our waiter). Customer service, to say the least, was on point. All hands were on deck, and no one was left wanting.Complimentary bread infused with herbs and olive oil was served in an adorable wooden bowl. The bread was incredibly soft, thick, and flaky too! We told our waiter to keep those bad boys coming. :) For starters, I shared the artisanal cheese and salami plate ($16) with my better half. I was surprised that the plate came with only 2 types of cheeses, and was hoping for something grandiose due to the hefty price tag. When the plate arrived on top of a weathered cheese board, the pickings were slim. Call me plain, but the cheeses, sauces, and adornments on the plate were too "fancy" (i.e., overwhelmingly powerful and distinct) for my palate.  My husband ordered the mesquite burger for $13, which is damn cheap for the quality. He was ultimately only able to finish half the burger, so it was decent sized. I was told the burger was juicy, too. The fries were plentiful, fresh, and warm. I had to restrain myself from eating all his fries! There was only one snafu: he had to send the burger back because he ordered it medium well but was presented with a medium rare burger. The kitchen was quick to fix the problem and the manager himself came to our table not only to apologize, but insisted despite our protests that our dinner would be taken care of.  I ordered the rigatoni dish minus the turkey bolognese sauce ($15), opting for a tomato based sauce instead. The sauce was perfectly creamy and the dish was overall extremely filling. The standard of customer service displayed here at Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill was unreal. The waiter literally helped seat me by scooting me in my chair and dropped a napkin across my lap. Our waiter was extremely attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable on every menu item we asked about. My water glass was never empty and the employees frequently checked up on us to make sure everything was okay. I think my silverware was changed at least three times. Plates were cleared off almost immediately - it was like magic! When the waiter cleared our cheese plate from the table, he picked up a miniscule crumb of cheese off my husband's place mat (seriously). I was over the moon about the whole customer service experience. To sum everything up:Ambiance: 4Food: 4Customer Service: 5+I didn't save room for dessert, but the Monkey Bread was highly recommended by the staff. I will definitely come back to this new Wolfgang Puck location in Downtown Summerlin. I'm salivating over what I imagine the Monkey Bread will taste like, and would love to try the pizza next time! Customer service quality alone makes a return visit necessary, and is why I rated Wolfgang 5 stars. I hope that their standards for customer service will remain unchanged after some time passes. Keep up the good work!
5	Had a great experience dining at the new Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill in DT Summerlin.  Everyone in our party enjoyed the homemade chips  and blue cheese sauce.  The tuna tartare was outstanding.  The service was great for a restaurant that only opened several days ago.  The monkey bread for dessert was delicious.  Great selection of wines and great vibe for DT Summerlin!
5	Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill is my favorite restaurant in town. I was very happy to hear that they were putting one in downtown Summerlin. We ate there the day after they opened and the food was delicious. The staff was cheerful and friendly which is what I have come to expect in any Wolfgang Puck establishment. We had a wonderful evening. The Ambience wasn't great - it was kind of industrial chic. I hope they put up some photos like they have at the other Wolfgang Puck bar and Grill in town otherwise it could have been any restaurant. As it is now, the only way you would know you were dining at Wolfgang Puck's bar and Grill is because of the friendly service and the delicious food - which is okay by me.
5	I am ALWAYS impressed with Wolfgang Puck's places, and I have been to several. This one is NO EXCEPTION!! From the moment we walked into the door, until the moment we left it was fantastic!The service was impeccable, the food was fresh & delicious! My partner had home made past with Rabbit Ragu - YUM!! I had a rock shrimp pizza, which was a real pizza not a flatbread pizza ( Although I love FB Pizzas too) We started with the calamari.It was a perfect lighter dinner before heading off to the movies on our date night!What is perfect about this place is you, you could sit down with friends after a day of shopping at Downtown Summerlin and have a yummy selection of 'family style' snack foods for the table, or you could sit down for an amazing 3 course dining experience!Here is my insider tip- During the colder months, if you make a reservation ask for inside. They did not seem to make a difference between indoor and out door dining with reservations, it is just where there is a an open table. We sat out side under a heater, which was fine for us. But was also watched another table of 4 leave because they could not accommodate their reservation inside even after they said they were cold and uncomfortable outside.Really happy to have this new gem in the neighborhood!
5	Chinois Chicken Salad is a little spicy, but not over the top. Very fresh & zesty with nice fresh carrot & cashews which make it very interesting! The Tequilla Sunrise is great, if only they would offer Alien Tequilla. The smoothest Tequilla in the Universe. Calamari just came ... It is soft, not rubbery and the green & red sauces are both delightful. On to the burger, it comes out exactly as you order it... Cartelized onions... What a great burger. Wolfgang is a 10 as usual.
2	Great atmosphere, friendly service.... But the food was average at best and overpriced.... Made a reservation... Got there a little early... It was crowded so had to wait about 30 minutes anyway.... Order a bottle of wine, Malbec, they were out and had to settle for second choice... Ordered the short rib and had to settle for second choice again... Ordered the Strip steak medium rare.... It came out well done and had to send it back... Brownie dessert was as if from a school cafeteria... I wanted to work with them on this but there was no soft landing on this almost $300 dinner for five...
4	They were very busy when I arrived at lunchtime and was seated fairly quickly despite a mix up over my reservation, which I later realized was my fault. We counted 30 plus staff, about 1:1 ratio to the customers dining inside. No doubt just for the opening until things get settled. The focaccia bread was nice and my Summerlin Sour was a nice, tasty drink without being too strong, which was fine since it was lunchtime. The recc'd truffled potato chips w bleu cheese fondue was way too salty for me and not strong enough bleu cheese. We asked for the mac n cheese instead and were graciously accommodated. The pasta was fine and al dente, but the sauce was a bit bland and runny. More importantly, the crock it came in was barely lukewarm; mac n cheese should always be hot! We gently pointed this out and our waitress immediately said it would not be on our bill.For the entrees, my partner loved his hamburger and two bites of it showed me that it was cooked perfectly med rare (although actually, he wasn't asked how he'd like it), very juicy, and flavorful. My pappardelle w oxtail ragout was also al dente but the thickness was a bit too heavy handed and there was very little oxtail. But because the service was so on point, they had just opened, and the burger was so tasty, I am awarding 4 stars and will be back next week to give them another shot!
5	Excellent food!! Excellent service!! The oxtail ragout was amazing!!! Can't wait to go back!
5	Our party of 5 went for a dual birthday celebration and the entire staff was superb and the drinks and food were amazing! Our server provided excellent recommendations. Thank you for taking such good care of us and keep up the fantastic work!!
5	Only opened for a week & everything was wonderful. My husband started with the Shrimp Cocktail served with "6" giant pieces & I ordered the Caesar Salad which was very fresh & had a bit of a kick to the dressing.Ask for bread, it's a doc acid soaked in evoo & a touch of salt...yummy!We shared a Margarita pizza...LOVED it & I'm a NY Pizza Snob.Finally we ordered the Brownie Sundae & they swapped the ice cream to Chocolate for me!Service was AMAZING, our server & buser were adorable...To finish a great meal, Mr Puck walked in!
5	What a great addition to the new Downtown Summerlin! The first time I went was just for some cocktails with 3 other girls and we sat on the outdoor patio. We loved our large drink selection and the cool vibe they created. My second visit was a date night with my husband and another couple. Our server Jason was awesome! He was knowledgable about all the random food questions we had. Which was a lot. As busy as the restaurant was, we got all of our food in a timely manner and everything tasted delicious! Steak, french fries, pizza, chicken, and mashed potatoes. Yummy yummy yummy!
4	Mac and Cheese was amazing, the Truffle potato chips were good too. Service was excellent,  Really can't say anything was bad about the place. A much better vibe than dining on the strip. This location caters to locals. Very happy with the new addition to Summerlin
1	Went to dinner there Tuesday night. Even though the place was empty, the hostess seated us right next to the bus station for water service. We asked if we could be seated at quieter table, and the hostess accommodated us. Within five minutes, sirens started going off. Flashing lights, klaxons, and a loudspeaker that told us to evacuate the building.  The waiter came to our table, and told us not to worry, they were just testing out the emergency response system. After he left, the loudspeaker again told us to a evacuate the building. It repeated this message at least 40 times.  He said they had to do this because it was a new building.  The alarm was very loud and lasted through the majority of our dining room visit..  We were given only a feeble apology.  We were never offered a complimentary drink, a complementary appetizer, or a complimentary dessert.My recommendation to the management is to test equipment before dining service begins.
3	I ate at Wolfgangs with my family this week and I have to say I was not impressed. 2 stars for the food, an extra star for the service. Here's what we hadMushroom pasta with marscapone- the pasta is VERY al dente- all of it! Very little flavor from this dish.. I didn't even eat half of it.Burger with a marmalade of some kind (only one on the menu)- it was just ok. Burger was cooked perfectly, veggies were fresh and bun was soft but it just wasn't great. Mac n cheese- like I said previously, very al dente... Almost crunchy and the cheese sauce was very thin. Topped with bread crumbs though, so that was nice.Kids cheese pizza- best meal of the table. Crust has a really great sourdough taste and is nice and crispy. Service was very personal and very attentive. My server let me try 3 wines before choosing the one I wanted. She also took my uneaten mushroom pasta off of my bill without me asking, which is always nice.
3	My friend and I had dinner here recently and enjoyed our meal! It was a busy Friday night and the restaurant seemed overcrowded...it was very loud, like difficult to hold a conversation (and we were in the back cot era)...great bustling atmosphere but not great for conversation. Service was a little slow--they seemed overwhelmed by the crowd...But water and drinks were refilled quickly.We decided to try several things. We both got the chopped salad with champagne vinagrette...amazing! It is enough for two to share, or add chicken for an entree. We will go back specifically for that salad! We had the cheese plate as well- unimpressive and overpriced. Do not recommend.Instead of doing main courses, we ordered two sides to go with our salads. Mac and cheese is to die for...we loved it. We also got the broccoli I which was nicely seasoned with garlic and chilis...Overall, great spot for a nice lunch or casual dinner...however, if you are looking for a more intimate, fine dining experience I would go somewhere else.We will be back!
4	Good tasting food, fast service, fun environment and can't help but saying the staff is good looking! Must try
5	Summerlin's best new restaurant. A great addition to the food scene on the far west side. Good menu, comfort food, well prepared and with the usual attentive service that defines Puck restaurants. Will definitely be back again and again.
3	I just wasn't that impressed - small, uninspired menu and food that simply isn't worth the price point.  They are serving the exact same items as next door at CPK - except at Puck's you get half the food for almost twice as much.  The margherita pizza I had was terribly bland - they were very stingy on the basil and cheese.Only thing that kept my review at 3 stars is that the service was very good.  But I would not go back and I would not recommend this place to anyone else.
1	Very slow service. had three people  bring the food, but it the follow up or service after that. No drink refills, waited 10.minute between boxing leftovers a d getting the check.
1	TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE PER THE MANAGER. Just left five minutes ago to eat at crave after a subpar experience. Ordered the burger and asked to add mushroom and spinach. Waiter came back and told me that it would be an extra 9 dollars to add the two so I declined considering the burger is only 12 dollars. Asked for a menu to change my order and nothing else seemed all that great. That's when I decided to leave. Asked the waiter if I needed to pay for the untouched water and Arnold Palmer I ordered and he had the manager come over to speak with me. The manager explained that the reason for the high price is because they use a wild mushroom. He kept saying he didn't want me to feel as though I was being cheated. I felt fine until the waiter brought over a ten dollar check for the water and Arnold Palmer. I asked the manager as he passed by why I was being charged and he laughed and said he'd handle it. Absolutely terrible customer service from the very manager. Never will I ever eat here nor shall I suggest anyone come here. Save you money and eat anywhere else.
5	First time here..definitely will come back. The service, food and overall vibe of the space is everythibg you woukd expect from a WP property.I had the Chinese Chicken Salad and a Baked Sweet Potato..random choices on.my part..but delicious and filling.Cannot wait to try the rest of the menu.
5	Our first visit to the new Wolfgang was fantastic!  Zoe, our server, was friendly and knowledgable.  When it was time for Zoe to leave the manager came over to make sure we were ok with it.  Nice touch.  Neither of us were super hungry so we were looking for small and light.  I had the Big Eye Tuna Tartare as my entree and it was delish.  Hubby had the Chinese Chicken Salad which had the biggest cashews I've ever seen on it.  He said it was perfectly dressed.  Not too sweet.  We shared the Baked sweet potato which was super creamy.  Ya, I know...random combo of food. ..but it hit the spot and was very tasty!
4	I sat up at the bar and ordered a Manhattan, a side of potatoes, and the ahi tuna appetizer. All were very delicious. It was expensive, but not overwhelmingly so for Vegas. The only thing I'd say about this experience was that it was very clear to me that all of the bartenders were about to get off shift...and were making their anticipation/happiness of this very evident to everyone. If you dont want to be there, I dont want to hear it.
4	Our first visit to the new Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill was great!  We sat at the bar and we were able to watch football, enjoy some cocktails, and have a lite lunch. My boyfriend enjoyed beer and I ordered Moscow mules as a refreshing drink of choice.  We then shared a margherita pizza and the creamy mac 'n' cheese.  Both were great choices, but wow the creamy mac 'n' cheese is a must try! Overall the restaurant is a great choice! Comfortable, relaxing, and enjoyable atmosphere!
3	Pretty good spot to grab a bite if you're up in the Downtown Summerlin mall area!Like Wolfgang's other places, this restaurant is consistent and also offers of good selection of tasty delights.  For my drink, I had the daily healthy fresh pressed juice.  Today's special was spinach, kale, celery, ginger, orange, and apple.  It's not bad combo and tasted alright.For the appetizer we had the calamari, roasted vegetable pizza, and a side of french fries.  The calamari was awesome, two sauces for you to dip your calamari and some battered veggies as well.  The roasted pizza was very good as well, the broccolini added a nice texture to the pizza.  Normally I like a meaty type of pizza, but for a change I decided to try the roasted vegetable pizza and I'm glad I did.  Nothing special about the fries, skinny type fries, but the nice thing is the side of fries is a nice hearty portion and great for sharing.For dinner we had the mushroom pasta and a side of broccolini.  The mushroom pasta had great flavor, but the one thing I wasn't a fan of was some of the pasta had clumps of salt which made it really salty for some bites.  The brocolini stir fry side was a nice compliment to the meal, a little subtle spicy kick to it.  As for dessert, we had the apple crotada.  Basically, a fresh baked open faced apple pastry with a side of vanilla ice cream.  Since it's fresh baked, it takes a few minutes longer.  This was really good, the pastry was very flaky and warm right out of the oven.  The apples weren't too sweet and a little tart which I like.  Definitely a dessert I'd get again.Service at the table was pretty good.  The odd thing is with the hostess, we got there and had to sit at the community table since we didn't make a reservation per the hostess even though 80% of the restaurant wasn't full at that time.  Even after we were done with our meal, paid and got up to leave the main dining area they had about 40% of the main dining area open not counting the outside patio dining area that no one really sat at since it's cold outside.  It seemed odd to push people to the community table to sit next to each other when it wasn't super busy.  Maybe the hostess was still training, but I'd recommend making a reservation given our experience if you and your party want a more private dining experience.
4	The menu may not be groundbreaking, but the execution has been excellent almost every visit. Add to that a dark, comfortable dining area with views into an open kitchen and you've got a spot that has gained much popularity since opening in the new Downtown Summerlin shopping district.Like other Wolfgang spots around town, you'll find pizzas. The Asian BBQ chicken pizza ($14) lacked enough hoisin to give it a distinct Asian flavor, but the chicken, broccoli, chiles and cilantro still made it a satisfying dish. I preferred the potato leek pizza ($12) with its sweet garlic, goat cheese and guanciale toppings. The chewy crust on both showed an ample amount of char and blisters and delivered some great flavors.There are a handful of pasta dishes on the menu. The hand-crafted rags of pasta that make up the garganelli ($15) were impressive. The turkey bolognese sauce added much savoriness while the basil whipped ricotta added a touch of sweetness.Among entrees simplicity seems to be the concept behind every dish. The sea bass ($34) looks like a minimally plated dish but is expertly seasoned and roasted, sitting atop a gremolata and garlic spinach. Equally bare is a tender, lean grilled New York strip ($37) topped with an herb butter coating its well charred exterior and accompanied by a handful of skinny fries. Their mesquite grilled burger ($12) won't win any awards for originality, but it's a well crafted combination of aged cheddar, red onion marmalade, and bacon aioli atop a patty larger than the bun it's in.For dessert the bread pudding ($9) and molten chocolate cake ($9) are tried and true dishes that will satisfy your need for a sugar fix. Their best option is a flaky and buttery apple crostada ($8) with caramel and vanilla gelato.The familiar fare may not push culinary boundaries, but it should play well to the Summerlin crowd. There are plenty of dishes that are approachable yet elevated when compared to similar spots on this side of town. The "something for everyone" approach is great for local families and folks who don't consider themselves "foodies" yet still has enough well crafted plates to satisfy more sophisticated palates.
4	I love their trendy setting. Took about 10 min to be seated, which is not bad being I went on a Friday night around 7:30pm. I offered the Pearfect Martini, very delicious and included vodka and pear syrup.  For appetizer we ordered the chips with warm truffle cheese and blue cheese crumbles, very good. As well we had the fried calamari, the marinara sauce was also great. And finally me and my friend split the papardelli pasta with ox meat, good thing we did because the entree would of being too big for just me. The ox meat is shredded, and you can tell the pasta is home made which the server did confirm. I wish I remember the server's name but I was impressed that at the end of our meal he came up to me and asked me about the food but actually then asked me to really critique it and mention what we didn't like or could of been better. I said the chips had a good amount of cheese but I personally would of liked more cheese. And for the calamari it could of been a little more crisper, but still very good. And I had no complaint at all about the papardelli.
5	Beautiful atmosphere! I ordered the toasted vegetable pizza. The servers are super nice and friendly. Id say come dressed nicely. I came in a sweater and felt a little out of place
