3	This is the same location of the old Fantastic Sams that has since been bought out and became TCC Family Hair Care. I come here about once every 2 months for a haircut and shampoo (which is included at no extra cost). Good place overall. Come in the morning though because they do get busy and they do get a lot of folks walking in for haircuts in the afternoon. In my opinion TCC is a notch up from a SuperCuts or Great Clips. The reasons I feel that way are because stylists change a little less frequently (although they do change) and they do seem to have a better record of your prior haircuts so that you don't have to re-explain what you want every time you come in. Also, they have a stamp card deal where after 9 haircuts you get one free. I've lost my card a few times and they always stamp me a new one and consolidate the stamps with no problem. The stylists are good, not great, but good. They are quick and nice and I enjoy coming here for haircuts much more than the SuperCuts close to where I live. The women here speak English well (sorry, but I have to be honest it's hard to communicate with someone who can't) and even the foreign-born stylists speak it well too, which is nice. Price is decent $13.99 for haircut + shampoo/slight head massage and that is about market price anywhere you go now days. Downsides? They get super busy in the afternoons and like any other entry-level salon, they do run short staffed on some weekends. I try to come early, and they always get me in. Only other negative is that if you find a good stylist, you can't request them. You just have to know when they work, which their schedule changes frequently. Other than that, good place to get a haircut. Oh by the way, I see women getting their hair done here a lot more than I saw at SuperCuts or Great Clips, which leads me to believe (even though I am a man) that women trust these stylists otherwise they wouldn't come here. I've had a good experience every time I come.
3	*3.5 stars* I've been coming here on and off for the past year or so, and its a cute little salon. It's a former Fantastic Sam's that was purchased by the former manager, and she now runs it. I've had her cut my hair before, and she does a really good job. They offer a wide variety of services here for men and women, and their prices are the same as Fantastic Sams.They offer cuts, coloring, deep conditioners, a new chi straightening treatment, waxing and a few other services as well.  I've never had a bad time here, but sometimes the wait can get a bit long.  Also, they don't take appointments.  The prices are fair and they do an okay job.  Staff is friendly, and its great for a quick hairdo or cut.
5	Great family salon.
5	Great salon! I'm satisfied everytime I leave! All the stylist are very educated in their craft and know what they are doing and very reasonably priced for everything they do!
