1	I am not too picky about where I get my car washed as long as they do a good job and do not damage anything. Most places that I have been are pretty equal as far as the type of car wash they give. I have noticed however that the folks trying to get you to replace your windshield and buy other services are just too overwhelming. This place is especially bad about it to the point that the last time I went I left pissed off about the whole thing. They are not the only car wash that does this, most major car washes are doing the same thing. I understand trying to upsell to make money, but they can be very persistently annoying and sometimes even insulting.
2	I can wash my car in my driveway and get good results. I for some reason can not get the glass clean, so off to the car wash I go. Like others I am told right away I need my cracks fixed. I tell them no thanks I like the pretty colors that the sun makes through them. I was then offered an oil change at a discount. No one really gives discounts but I did need an oil change so I said yes. The wash was to come with the oil change. I did ask how long will it take and I was told about a half hour. Two hours and twenty minutes later I am at the cashier waiting for her to get the guy who included my wash with the oil change in the deal to come and tell her, she did not believe me. That taken care of I go out to pick up my car. Oh also when I started I mentioned I am more concerned with getting the glass clean than anything else. I turn toward the street and sun and my windshield is more smugged than if I had done it. that will teach me to expect a car wash to get my windshield clean.
1	DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS CARWASH!!!! There. You've been warned. Screw "convenience". SCREW the damn owner who stands out by the vacuums. My husband and I have been customers here for over two years. In fact, up until last month, we were at this carwash every other week, if not every week. That changed today. I will NEVER EVER take another vehicle here. "Why, Gretchen," you ask, "what ever happened that could make you write such a negative review?" Well, I'll tell you. I expect service-based businesses to provide excellent customer service. ESPECIALLY when the service is mediocre at best. Even more especially when I have been a loyal REFERRING customer for over two years. So, here's what happened:First, I pull up to the vacuum area and I'm immediately approached by scary-glass-replacing guy who says, "I know you. You're here all the time right?" I said, "I am here all the time, yes." But I'm thinking, "No, you don't KNOW me. You see me drive my truck up to the damn car wash. That hardly constitutes 'knowing' me, creepy McCreepster." He then says he remembers the crack in my windshield, (wtf?), but couldn't remember why I didn't get it fixed. To which I replied, "Because I don't have glass coverage on  my insurance." "Oh, THAT'S right," he says, "So, what's your credit like?" ....Okay, creepy-freako, I'm not trying to buy an effing house. I just want to get my damn truck washed. You don't need to know my credit history, blood type, marital status, gross monthly income, ages of my children or any other personal information. You don't need to see any identification. These aren't the droids you're looking for. Move along. (Sorry, sometimes my "geek" shows.)Anyway, I tell him I have a friend who does all my body work and will replace my windshield. He asks how much my friend charges. "$183", I reply. "Well," he pretends to ponder, "I'll be losing money," (yeah right), "but I'll do it for that price to get your business." Whatever. Change the effing windshield. Just let me wash my damn car, creepfest.The owner then comes over, asks me what wash I want. I tell him the VIP and that I need the mats and carpet shampooed because my kid had a gas can in the back and it leaked. He tells me he can do all of that for $35.00. Perfect. I leave the truck there and go inside. While I'm waiting, my husband shows up. He is LIVID. Apparently, he pulled up to get his truck washed shortly after I did. The owner asked him what he wanted done. My husband said, he wanted the same thing he always gets: The truck washed plus Armor-all on the body panels and leather conditioner on the seats. The owner tells my husband the prices which adds up to almost $70.00. My husband was FLOORED because he always goes there and gets that done for $35.00 total. He asked if their prices went up and the owner said that their prices are always the same. Bull $*!#!!! We have NEVER paid that much to get his truck cleaned. So, my husband tells the owner, "I'm here ALL the time and I NEVER pay that much." The owner tells him, "I've never seen you here before." ......Are you F&$#ing kidding me??!!!Now, I don't expect everyone to remember me. HOWEVER, when I'm a patron of your business EVERY OTHER WEEK FOR TWO YEARS, and you write down my CANADIAN license plate every time I go there, I expect to at LEAST be somewhat recognized. Go ask Creepypants, the glass guy. HE remembers me. For crying out loud..SO........I go out and tell them to stop what their doing on my truck. You want to be an a$$hole and not only tell me you have NEVER seen me before but also try to charge DOUBLE what you usually do??!! You just lost my business pal. We ended up taking our trucks over to the Car Wash on 99th Ave and McDowell where David not only DETAILED my husband's truck, but also finished the inside of MY truck (which the first place did totally half-assed anyway,) for LESS than what it would've cost us to get them both done at  Full Circle. Even though it's a little bit further to drive for us, we will ALWAYS go to the place on 99th from now on. And you should too!
3	I only use this place for exterior washes.  No issues at all with the staff or the service provided.  They do a good job and I have no real complaints. If I were to complain... it would be the windshield vultures who run up to see if you have any cracks in your glass.  I don't think they are part of the car wash... at least I hope they are not.I've used them for the past 5 years and will continue to do so.
1	Water spots on the body, I don't think they even bothered with the windows, and the steaks of armor all on the dash were not very appealing. So the wash sucked. But what sucked more is that someone stole my husband credit card from in between the seats. We went for lunch while they "washed" my car and I remembered that I had dropped his card before we had gotten out. My fault for leaving it in there, but you'd think the manager would have cared just a little that someone on his staff stole. Nope. He shrugged it off, "its not like I can look through their pockets". I'm not expecting miracles here, but he came off as though this happens all the time and he could not have cared less.While he was looking for the card in the car he didn't even notice the crap job they did. I guess that's just the normal caliber of work they do there. I called and canceled the card right away, spoke with the fraud dept. at the bank today, someone tried to use it at a Blockbuster express, apparently that's what credit card thief's do to see it the card is working. So basically, I would recommend that you avoid them all together. Unless you thoroughly enjoy being ripped off because even if you removed everything that isn't bolted down you still wont get what you paid for.
1	One Star is to much for this place. We were in town visiting family and needed an oil change and car wash. So we got the complete package, interior and exterior. 3.5 HOURS LATER!!! We get our truck back and it was still dirty. We traveled with our dog and their was still dog hair all over. They used way to much armor all shine stuff for the interior. I don't mind waiting but we should have received an update on what was going on or told how long it would take when we began. Plus 3.5 hours (on a Wed afternoon) is more than a little ridiculous. The staff was rude. I lost my receipt (probably because we waited 3.5 HOURS) and they wouldn't give us the keys. So when I asked what to do the employee told me to "find it." Luckily the manager got us a new receipt. I will NEVER go here again and I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone else!
5	They have the address wrong on here. It's actually 1607 N. Dysart Rd., North of the I-10 not South.I was having work done on my car, so I was actually with my mom when we went. We had just visited Estrella Mountain Community College right down the street from here--I was finishing up my new-hire paperwork (I will be teaching there now :) and my mom is actually going back to add a certificate onto her degree in Criminal Justice. Since she desperately needed her car cleaned and doesn't like to go to these car washes by herself (I don't blame her!) we decided to stop by Full Circle really quick.We pulled up and told them what we needed. Not one soul approached us about our windshield, like many other reviewers said. Maybe this was their day off? Who knows... The guys where you pull up were extremely nice and took care of us. They told her they would shampoo her floor mats, wash her car, and then wax it--about an hour of work in total. She thought the price of $29.99 was decent for that, and she also got a $3 military discount. We went over to Pei Wei to eat lunch while we waited.When we came back to pay, they ended up charging my mom only $13.99 for all the work they had done. We were pretty shocked by that, since we're used to being over-charged rather than under-charged! Again, maybe we just got super lucky, but it worked out well for us. They did a great job, so she tipped them well on top of the great price to make up for our good luck.Her car ended up looking really great. There was still some dog fur inside, but I know it's hard to vacuum every last fur up. For the price, I wouldn't really complain. I've had much worse vacuuming jobs at other places, like Danny's Car Wash (do they even vacuum at all there?) Funny that that came to mind, because last time I went to Danny's they screwed me over regarding chips in my windshield. Haven't been back since... just thought that was an interesting idea, considering all the windshield horror stories I've seen in other reviews about Full Circle.One last note-- the air freshener/scent stuff she chose didn't smell like much at all. Just something to keep in mind...Overall, we had a great experience here. Maybe they've improved after having all of these terrible reviews? It wasn't very busy at all, so maybe we got lucky or they are trying to turn their service around... I couldn't say from first-hand experience since this was my first time going there.
4	Not sure why there are such bad reviews for this place.  I have had my oil changed here for the past 4 years.  I have never had a problem and they are always nice.
1	Worst car wash ever. I paid for detail and I have suv. When I left I realized that they didn't even wash the floor rugs. Or the backs or the seats or in between the seats in the front. If this is a detail I would hate to see what a regular car wash is? So after I paid a butt load of money plus tip I came home...and still had to clean it... When I should have just drove it back and made U do ur JOB I paid u to do the 1st time. But I live on the other side of town and I was frustrated And I should have looked before I left. I was just sick of waiting around at that point. Get some new workers. People that want to do there job
1	Do you enjoy being lied to and having your time wasted? If you do, Full Circle Auto Wash is just the place for you. My first sign to avoid this place was when I arrived yesterday and the first thing the girl said to me is our vacuums are down and we have no idea when they will be working so you might not want to have your car washed. So, I left and decided to come back today. I wish I would've went somewhere else yesterday. I had full intentions of getting what they call "The Wash," which involves cleaning the outside and vacuuming the inside. Well, the guy talked me into having my seats cleaned and threw in the next step up in the car wash called "The Works." He informed me that The Wash would not dust the dash, just vacuum. So, I expected the inside of my car to be wiped down, not detailed or anything but at least wiped down...well either it wasn't included in The Works or someone did a poor job. Whatever...that's not even my real beef with the place. I asked the guy how long it would take to do this wash that he has now talked me into. And he gave me an answer of how long each part of the wash would take, so I replied about 30 minutes. He said, "35 minutes." So, I told them to go ahead and do it. It's approaching an hour that I've been sitting and waiting when I go up to the front desk and ask what's going on. She pages someone and waits. I tell her I need to get going the guy told me it would be 35 minutes and it's now been hour. She calls the salesman up he says yeah, it's ready. When I tell him it's been much longer he just makes a face like he doesn't believe I've been waiting an hour. Well, the time I paid is on my receipt, buddy. I ask for a refund, which of course I would've had to wait longer for Pablo, who the very nice cashier has been paging over and over, to  show up. I just say forget it and leave. When I told the salesman that I would be telling anyone I could about the poor service, he just said, "go ahead" with a bit of smirk. Any place that has multiple signs posted reading "No Refund After Payment" is a place not worth visiting. Obviously they get enough complaints to need a few signs. I must admit they have a beautiful aquarium and the front cashiers are nice.
1	This was the worst full service car wash I have ever been to. I wanted a hand wash (my car has very expensive rims that can't go through the automatic wash), with my interior wiped down. I told the guy "3" times not to put tire shine on my tires, because I live on a dirt road and it turns them orange. So he wrote this on the window. He said he would do a full interior clean ( besides the carpet cleaning) and hand wash for $69.99. I was thinking ok, that sounds alright for everything. I told the salesman I had an appointment at 3:00 pm, so that gave them about an hour and 45 minutes. "No Problem!" he says. So finally 5 till 3:00pm they came to give me the keys. Well I didn't pay yet ( wanted to make sure everything was ok ). I could see the water spots from 15 feet away, they put tire shine on 2 of my tires ( which now are turning a lovely color of orange ), and the dash of my Tahoe looked like they ran a dirty wet rag across it. I told the guy I wasn't going to pay nearly $70.00 for this. He was all, " give me 5 minutes". So I said ok. Then 5 minutes was up and they weren't anywhere close to having it done. After about 4 more "give me 5 minutes" I just told them I had to go, and it's not right for them to charge me full price. So they gave me a voucher for a "V.I.P. Car Wash"  for next time I was in town. So I told the guy named Roy that I would be back in 3 weeks. He said he would make it his personal responsibility to hand wash, wax and do the interior. I returned 3 weeks later. The same sales guy was trying to tell me that there was no way a guy named Roy told me this, because the only guy named Roy that worked there was in oil and lube only, and the guy that signed the voucher transferred out. So after them trying to sell me another wash, and telling me the chip that was in my windshield was gonna spread ( even after telling them that I've had it repaired and it's been fine for 2 years) and trying to sell me a windshield. Well I guess more trying to rip off my insurance by replacing it when it wasn't needed, we finally got a manager to approve just a hand wash and vacuum. So when they get done, I went to look at it and even though it was better than the last time, my rims weren't even wiped down and they didn't vacuum. I was just disgusted, and wanted to leave. I went in to give the women my voucher and leave, she came up with a total of $15.00 extra I was suppose to pay. After waiting for the manager again they finally okay'd it. I went to get my keys, and guess who I see "Roy". I asked the guy that handed me my keys, what was the name of the man drying that car. He said "Roy"! I was seeing red at that point. So I just got in my car and drove away.
3	the $5 express car wash is a good deal
1	As my last post indicated. Goodyear has three car wash facilities that I'm aware of. Car Wash #2.Took my car here for a car wash and they "sold" me on a buff/wax as well as a car wash. The Car looked good from a distance but once I got it home I had to wipe off all of the buff/wax as there was a LOT of residual and the tire rims were still covered in dust/soot.I pre-bought a carpet shampoo and took it in a day or too later for that service. The carpets look as though the dirt was cleaned up to the surface of the carpet then left to dry. OK, fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me! I'll never return to this facility again!
1	It took 6 1/2 hours to wash and wax my truck????????And then they had to Wash it again!!!!!!I dropped off my truck at 7:45 AM!! There were 2 cars ahead of me. I called earlier and talked to Fernando he said for what I wanted it would be 120$ just a basic wash and wax. So when I pull up and they start telling me the options and packages I have to choose from. I told the man that Fernando said there's a 120$ package....Guy looks at me like I'm crazy and say he doesn't know what he's talking about. So I Was going to leave and guys say I'll give you 109$ off a super package so it will be 150$...I said o.k.'s the package was 259.99 minus the 109$ so I'm thinking I'm going to get a great wash..Guy tells me it will be about 2 hours max. So living down the road I rode my bike home...Well 2 1/2 hours pass and I call...and they say it will be another hour. so this is 10:45 I'm thinking ok probably be around 11:30 I'll get it...Wrong another 3 1/2 hours pass and nothing it 1:45 and they have had my truck all day's call and again it will be another hour....Sigh so finally its around 3:30 and I finally had it I called and started to tell they wtf 6 hours for a wash and wax wtf? girl say it's almost done just 30 more minus's I hang up and leave my house which is 3 mins away. well I ride up and my truck is sitting and looks like Crap .I mean they have had my truck for 6 1/2 hours and there is still dirt and mud in the wheels and tires along with the  wheel wells, and on the bottom side skirts where the back tire is going to the bummper. On top of that there is bird poop on the front window, along with the poop I don't think they cleaned the inside windows at all. My dogs face was still on the window loll. so it sat around for 6 1/2 hours to look half assed. They waxed it but it makes me think they waxed it while it was still dirty. The truck was still coved in dust from the wax and it just look bad...So after I complained to the manager the rewashed my trucked and had to redo the windows and interior.....One thing is for sure I will never go here or recommend anyone here. It's overpriced and they do a half assed job!!!
1	Should have heeded the warning from other people.Took my car in for a full detail and was told it would take about 3 hours.  I left my car there and returned 3 hours later to find it wasn't done.  After another 30 minutes, I was told it was about 5-10 minutes from being done.  After 30 more minutes, I asked again and was told it was being brought to me then.  After more than 4 hours, I found the car had a half-assed wash on the outside, and NOTHING had been done to the inside.  Considering I had paid for full service, wash, detail, cleaning the inside, wax, etc - I was amazed at the lack of professionalism and attention to customer service.  I spoke to a manager there and was told that I hadn't ordered the services that i actually had.  When I produced the receipt, he then tried to send guys to do the detail they had failed to do after four hours.  Instead of wasting more of my day, I decided to bring the car back.  When I did bring the car back - Surprise, after the second long service, the inside had still not been cleaned, and the quality of what had been done was poor.  HEED THE OTHERS WARNINGS - DO NOT GO HERE!!
1	If this was the last car wash on earth and my car was caked with mud, I'd wait for rain before I'd go here again.The scam starts when you pull up. The try to upsell you and then get nasty when you don't bite. They lie about how long it will take and then shrug when they go past it. In every situation, you lose with these people. They could wreck your car between vacuum and drying and you'd somehow be to blame for it.My biggest complaint is the lack of accountability or responsibility.  Oh yes, and considering they took almost an hour to do a mid-level car wash, it was a bad job!  Dust on the inside and streaks on the outside. A five year old could do a more professional job!If you want a decent car wash nearby, go to the car wash on the NE corder of 99th and McDowell. Priced about the same and they do it quickly and efficiently.
1	I've brought my car here a few times in the last year. Today was my LAST visit. Every time I bring my car in, there are tar and dirt  marks that I have to point out to get them cleaned AFTER they yell for me that the car is ready. The interior in NEVER dusted efficiently and I ALWAYS have had to clean it myself. Today I spent $30 for a better wash and wax. I found out later that the better wax was nothing more than extra wax squirting onto the car during the automatic wash!!!!!!??? And it was STILL dirty afterwards!!!! I am DONE. Never again.
1	Really bad service!!! Came into get the interior of the car cleaned I payed $119.99 and was told it would take an 45min to an hour since no one else was in the wax bay and he even threw in a hand wax... GREAT DEAL RIGHT, NOPE!!!! waited over an  HOUR AND A HALF and my car was only ran threw the wash! DISGUSTING SERVICE!!!! Will take my business elsewhere... BTW THEY CAN'T REFUND YOUR MONEY, YOU HAVE TO DISPUTE THE CHARGE THREW YOUR BANK!!!!!!
1	Please, don't think you'll be the exception to the reviews you'll read on this page, I made that mistake.I've been here twice and both times were not good; the last time was on Friday and let me state that I contacted Full Circle Auto Wash directly to give them an opportunity to respond before I came to Yelp and they have ignored my correspondence.  Honestly, I am left to think that they simply don't care.I am not a perfectionist but I do expect a fair service when I am paying $16 for a car wash.  I was in an out in about 15 minutes if that gives you any indication of how detailed the workers were.There were FIVE dried up smelly squares sitting on the back seat that had no fragrance; the mirrors were all out of whack; seats were pulled up as close as they could go; they didn't touch the dashboard; there was still hair on the carpets; before I got in the car I had to ask that they wipe down several spots on the outside including the white paint on the window; and my FOB doesn't beep now.Come on, if you have to move the seats, I get that but move them back at least a little so I can get in.  There is no attention to detail, the inside of the windows look like a two year old was playing inside and we don't have small children.  What should have been a simple clean, as it was not dirty turned out looking worse.The whole experience was a fail and to make matters worse, nobody had the business sense to contact me when I first voiced my complaint.Dirty birdies and I will NOT be back!
1	I have been going to Full Circle on Dysart and McDowell for several years.  Lately they have been going downhill.  I always ignored when they never gave me the penny change from my $5.  It was no big deal, but then advertise it as $5, not $4.99.Anyway, The last 3 times I have been there, they have gotten very rude.  There are a lot of new people, also.  The last 3 times that I was there, employees have taken cars from the side and pulled them in front of me.  This past Tuesday was the kicker.  The employee pulled a car in front of me to block me and pulled 2 more cars in front of me.  There was not one car behind me for the rest of my visity.  I thnk this was my last visit there.
1	I had been going here for awhile for an oil change and carwash with usually good results. Now not only do they try the upsale, but this last time caused damage to my vehicle. Maybe because I refused extra service. And can I just state I ALWAYS do the walk around my vehicle  before it goes through the machine to check for nicks or scratches. It came out and the blinker cover was completely smashed/broken!! I immediately called the manager over who just ignored me. I got on the phone to corporate without leaving the lot. Then he decided he did have an incident report form while I was photographing the damage with my phone. I'm not an idiot - it wasn't there before it went through the machine. Corporate office even refused to take responsibility. They said "oh we want to help, and will source the part and put it in...But YOU HAVE TO PAY". Enter at your own risk folks!!!...
5	Went in today with my husband to get a oil change and a car wash . I must say I was worried after reading some of the reviews here but the wait time at the dealership was way too long today. The car came out very clean considering the mess it was in before I got there and the oil change plus replace all my filters took about 20 minutes but the best part was the manager (Xavier I believe this name was ) explained everything that was going on with my car and did not did me like a complete idiot just because I am a woman, he took his time to explain why my car needs certain things and what is not needed to be done yet  . You have won a customer for life thanks
1	Horrible customer service..Fernando the manager makes excuses why employees not doing their job..offered no reason why my truck sat for 30 min while no one worked on the detailing. Never take your vehicle here!!
2	It's not a 1 because they didn't steal from us... unless you count charging for the worst car wash ever. Seriously, the next day we let the teens at our church re-wash it during a fundraiser - it was was that bad!It is funny because when we drove up the guy that we spoke to was so confusing we wondered if he was a bad customer service guy or representative of the company. It was the latter!In short, it looks like a Danny's but not even close. The windows were still dirty along with the bumper... the only thing obviously cleaned was the rubber wall of the tires.
1	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE job! I paid $35 for a car wash. They rushed thru it. I took it back 2x. The employees kept walking away. I still left without a decent job. I had a bad experience with this car wash when I first moved to the area 4-5 years ago. But I needed a complete clean before picking up a client. A complete waste of $. Do what I have been doing for years, drive a little further and go somewhere else. The reviews on this website are accurate. The place is terrible
3	Good, straight-up car washStopped in as the location is conveniently located on Dysart and McDowell.  Nice gal at the start of the line and the prices are reasonable-- $6, $8, and $10 for exterior wash options.  I went with the $8 option.Quick run through starts with a guy who sprays the usual trouble spots and guides you on the tracks for a trip into the machine.  The wash got the bug "residue" from a trip to Tucson and made my car all nice and shiny.  Tipped the drying guy $5 to the crew and for the towel-down.  He made another a trip around to double-check everything.And when my daughter saw the car, she said, "Daddy, your car is pretty again". I'll use them again... though I may stay away from the detailing services based on the other reviews.
1	Girl up front rude and they need to speak English  I got cheated with the price they told me something on day and the very next day didn't honor the deal I tell you don't go there there is another wash around the corner much better
