5	I'm a women of the nineties, where coffee places sold coffee and offer a place of solace. And this coffee house has stayed true to their roots. No drive-thrus, no microwaved breakfast sandwiches, or shelves full of music CDs. If you're in the Peoria/Glendale area, It's A Grind is a great place to pick up your morning fuel for the daily grind. My coworker and I have started coming in every morning on our way to work around the same time - and each time, we've gotten fast and friendly service and their various coffee flavors are delicious. Our first time there, they gave us samples of their winter blend coffee and it was divine. I've tried other flavors, but I now love their winter blend coffee on the rocks! I appreciate how the ladies actually say "thank you" and are genuine about it, which makes me want to come back everyday.
4	My wife and I stopped by here not too long ago and wanted someplace with a good ambiance to chat and read...we found it! This place was absolutely fantastic! My chai latte was great and her triple chocolate was absolutely delicious. There were only a few other people there and we enjoyed the calm! Will definitely be going back!
4	A quaint little coffee place with very good coffee and a ton of options! I liked the environment, the free wi-fi, and the very friendly people. The service was quick and though it was a small place it wasn't overcrowded. It is definitely the type of coffee house where you can get a coffee or two and sip it leisurely while reading a book or getting a bit of work done on your laptop. Definitely worth a try!
3	I'm not a big fan of "coffee" but I do enjoy smoothies and iced drinks.Which aren't bad here.But Starbucks still has my heart.I do enjoy their free Wi-fi, and it's a very calm atmosphere:)
5	Awesome palce!  I used to be a several-time-a-week visitor to another chain until I found this place.Alycia usually works the weekday morning shift and she's awesome!  Always has a smile and makes a darn good drink.
5	I stop in twice a month to pick up beans and a vanilla / marshmallow iced latte - yum ! It's about a half an hour from my house, and I have 2 Starbucks 5 minutes away in either direction. That's how good their coffee is. The baristas are always nice and eager to please.
4	I am a fan of only a few coffee peddlers in the valley and somehow none of them rhyme with Char Ducks.    One of the things I am a big fan of in my iced coffee drinks is the crushed ice, so much colder and therefore tastier.    I don't hang out here, but I would.   The painting of Frank Sinatra mesmerizes me, if only it was for sale.
4	Some people think all coffee is the same. If you are just going in for a cup of coffee there are a lot of places that make a good cup of coffee. If it was just the coffee most would go out of business. Few people get just a cup of coffee. Most go in for the expensive exotic coffee drinks. Not me. I go for the expresso. Two shots of expresso with an inch of foam. My special drink. The little foam takes the edge off the expresso. If it is really good expresso you don't need the foam. Their expresso is good. I have not tried it without foam. Next time. Service seems to be very friendly and helpful even when we come in as they are getting ready to close. I don't usually order as my daughter orders for me and usually buys my drink when I am there. (Lucky Me)(Sweet Daughter)Another reason people to the the coffee shop is to meet with friends or just be alone and work on their computers, read even have seen people sleeping. It's A Grind is a great place to do this. Room inside and out side to set and talk. Nice people good coffee. Go see them it is worth the visit.
2	I have fretted writing a review on this place because at times, I do come here, even though I don't really like it. I know it sounds crazy, but there is not a Starbucks in a five mile radius of where I live and this is the only coffee shop around that has quick access (Finding my way through Westgate at 6am is not an option). Coffee desperation can sometimes equal sacrifice, what can I say. The staff is never friendly to me, even though I see them chatting it up with other customers. I never seem to get that same service, even though I have been going there off and on for 5 years. I have tried the tipping thing, but to no avail. It's as if they know my true loyalty lies somewhere else and I am only going there out of desperation. Oh and did I mention there absolutely ridiculous prices? If you ever thought Starbucks was expensive, think again compared to this place. They actually have drinks on their menu that top the $7 mark. Are you serious?! The coffee is not even that good and the sugar free vanilla has a terrible after taste. My Friday afternoon coffee date with my best friend will no longer be here because we just can't do it anymore and will drive out of our way to the Starbucks. Such a shame because it is a great location for me and I am guilty of a daily visit at Starbucks. My money will still go to Starbucks where I always get excellent service and delicious coffee.
2	There was a time when I went to this shop 2-3 times a week to write. The coffee is good, the people (and staff) are better, and the atmosphere is comfortable. After not visiting It's a Grind for about 6 months I returned there a few days ago. The problem I had, the one that caused me to stop frequenting this shop to write, STILL exists - its Internet connectivity stinks. At this coffee shop you CANNOT stream video or music, you cannot instant messenger, and it takes 15-30 seconds to pull up a web page (this includes the dictionary.com or any link off a Google search query). Sadly, crappy WIFI is very annoying, counter-productive, and does not compensate for decent coffee, good atmosphere and good staff. Aside from times when I'm in the area I likely will not go back.
4	Good coffee. Don't get the snickerdoodle cookie. My boyfriend and I got one to share.. And it was a brick,
4	Great coffee and good service, but network connection is very very slow. I understand they don't want people camping out sucking up bandwidth.  But it could be a little fast so it doesn't discourage customers.
3	Good coffee, good service, but terrible Wi-Fi! I came here to get a little work done and it was impossible due to the ridiculously slow speed of their Internet here. I will definitely find another place to grab a cup of coffee and work next time I'm in the area.
5	Best lattes I've had in all of Arizona. Really the only good coffee I've had after moving from Seattle. This place is a must for anyone who likes good quality coffee. None of that Starbucks low quality junk. Just high quality deliciousness.-Irish Creme Latte Guy
4	The green ice tea and environment was great!  The staff was so nice.  They need more big comfy chairs.
2	Employees are friendly. Coffee is decent. Prices are good. BUT THE WIFI IS AWFUL, and that's the main reason I leave my house for coffee. I really wish their connectivity was better because I would make the extended drive past three Starbucks and one other coffee house to go to It's A Grind, but not until they fix their WiFi.
5	This place has the best coffee ever!! It's a little pricey for the large drinks but the regular size is bigger than a venti at Starbucks.My friends got the Carmel vanilla blended drink, my other friend got the regular iced coffee and I got the triple chocolate mocha. All three drinks were so delicious! The favorite ended up being the Carmel vanilla.This is our new spot on the west side.
3	I used to frequent this place but not so much lately and here's some of the reasons why. (1.) The bathroom. The door (lock) hasn't worked in more than two wks now. There's really just no excuse for that. Especially since its a unisex restroom. There is no "other" room you can use when you don't want anyone to walk in on you. The toilet seems to have flushing problems sometimes. (More than once is too many times.)(2.) As others have stated, the WiFi. It seems to be having problems. I thought it was just my laptop that had the issue(s) but my iPad can't get on either and it's never had this problem anywhere else. Every time I tried to connect, I got this message "http://10.10.10.200/LicenseExceed.html." Could not get on at all.  (3.) This last one isn't entirely their fault but it was the third straw that broke the camel's back today. There was no name on my drink and someone else grabbed it. The employees didn't realize the problem for some time so I had to wait an extra long time for my one so-so drink.  :-/Three strikes. You know what that means.
4	I love the iced carmel drinks! They always have the best and it is way bigger then Starbucks which I love for the same price. I am also in love with their jalenpeno cheese bagel with cream cheese in the am. So yummy!
5	The best espresso beverage I've had since moving to Glendale from California. My favorite Peet's Coffee and Tea doesn't exist here, but this is a close runner up. Definitely smashes Starbucks's instant coffee
4	I am writing to update that this place has delicious drinks, particularly their HUGE blended drinks. I did find a place with the best vanilla latte (comparable to Peet's Coffee and Tea in California) which is Elevate Coffee Co.
5	Great place, good drinks, friendly staff.  We hit up It's A Grind every weekend while running errands. Sometimes hang out for a bit.  If you're on the area and want an iced tea or coffee, this is a good place to try.
5	Love love their passion fruit tea! It's a nice little Saturday ritual. A little tea, a little Wi-Fi then a little Target shopping. ;)
5	The poking pecan shake is awesome and so is the coconut banana steamer.  Really chill, uncrowded, and private seating.
5	I love this place. The owner knows what she is doing and trained her staff very well. Every time I come in the staff greets me with a smile and makes me feel very comfortable. They always place very soothing music and have amazing comfortable chairs! I definitely recommend this place!!!!
5	Such a great place! Lana the owner is amazing and very sweet and personable. I love their caramelized hot cider!
4	Dropped in the other day for an iced coffee, but opted for an Iced Vanilla Latte.  I was going to get a regular, but opted for a large.  It was really good and it was huge (That's what she said, right? Har Har Har)!  All jokes aside, I like this spot as an alternative to Starbucks.
2	Ya know that expression "Only get one chance to make a first impression."  I always wanted to visit this place and finally made time. While it is only 10 miles from home, it's in the opposite direction I need to go for routine stops (bank, post office, etc).  The workers seemed friendly, service was fairly quick considering it wasn't busy, and the place was clean. The biggest problem was the cold room temperature. I will be the. first to admit I'm a delicate flower when it comes to cold weather. They had all the doors open when the outdoor temperature was 48 degrees at this time (thank you Bing Weather) I wasn't the only customer who mentioned the chilly indoor conditions. I had to point out to the staff  seven of their 8 customers were wearing jackets, hoodies, or a coat while inside. I asked if I could close the doors and only one  was allowed to be closed.  It was warmer riding my Suzuki than sitting inside this place. Didn't even finish my coffee. Used their wi-fi system to find another place to go and left.Wonder if they will turn on the air conditioning when it's 110 degrees in the summer.
5	I always can't wait to try a new coffee shop... until it's actually time to go.  That's when the fear sets in and the questions pop in my head!  Will they have comfortable seating?  Will there be outlets to plug into?  Will I like the drinks?  Will the people there accept me for me or will they expect me to change?  Ok, maybe not that last one... but you get the idea.  This place was neither in a location that I was too familiar with, nor near my ultimate destination... but with the help of Yelp's trusty mobile app, I found enough information about this cool little place to get over my fear and stop in to get some work done. Comfortable seating?  Yep!  This place is probably only about 1100 square feet, so it's not huge by any means, but there was plenty of available seating.  And the seats were the big comfy type that I can sit back in and really get focused on my work.Outlets?  Yes!  Many!Service?  I literally asked a dozen questions of the helpful barrista and she answered all of them with a smile.And the drinks?  I had the Famous Mint Mocha.  It was very good.  And while I only ordered a regular, I ended up getting a large.  So why is it famous you ask?  Actually that was one of the many questions I asked that and... well, you'll have to go there and find out for yourself!
4	My fav! I knew it was a chain but was utterly thrilled when we moved from TX to AZ and had our coffee house. Not super chill for atmosphere but great speciality drinks. Slightly expensive but a nice coffee trip out with special someone or friends.
4	I stopped in because I was in the area and needed a cup o'joe. I usually drink Carmel Macchiato, so I tried the Carmel Latte, here. It is better than Starbucks, by far. Unfortunately, I do not live near here, so it is just a happy accident. You should stop in, if you are in the neighborhood. I know I will, again!
4	I really like the taste and smell is good, I got some deference kinds. I love them all but few times after I didn't know why is so sweet. And the price is a little hight to compare to Starbucks and others. But and my HUD love it so much!!!!
5	This place is awesome. I was looking for something off the beaten path that wasn't Starbucks and took a chance. I ordered an iced vanilla latte and an egg and cheese bagel. The latte was super delicious with crushed ice and the bagel was nice and soft with tons of egg and cheese. Next time you are looking for a change up in your morning routine hit this place up !!
4	They have bigger portions than Starbucks and is cheaper as well. I love their hazelnut latte. The place is a little worn down but has a nice vibe for reading, going online and studying. As a student I spend lots of mornings here drinking coffee and reading.
5	It's a grind has bigger sizes (their small is a Starbucks grande) and is never really filled with people. It is calming place to do work and relax. The pastry's taste fresh and not to "sugar coated". The hazelnut latte is to die for!
5	Freshest tasting coffee and coffee drinks that I have ever had.  The store is funky and fun, They offer cool new, specialty flavors on a regular basis. The staff is super friendly, and I have never been disappointed in visiting this little gem.  My son says they have the best iced Chai Tea latte that he's ever had and after tasting it--I would agree! Can't wait to go back!
4	They are a little pricey but worth it. Very good coffee, their seasonal drinks are always interesting and delightful. I love the people who work there too, so friendly!
5	I really like this place the coffee is great and is in a good location. They are a little pricey but it's worth it
4	Whenever I'm craving that bean water when I'm visiting my parents, It's A Grind is the place to go --- mainly because it's the closest coffee shop by their house!I've only had their Nutty Cow with soy, the Caramel Macchiato with soy, and this hot spiced cider drink they serve around the holidays.  It's A Grind always brings warm fuzzy memories of grabbing cider with my older brothers on Christmas morning.  I feel for the baristas who work on Christmas, seriously.The atmosphere at this coffee shop is casual and low-key.  Think Starbucks but with less wannabe hipsters and more zombie-like adults trying to get through the day.  They have stacks of newspaper for you to borrow to read, plenty of outlets for your electronics, and a wide selection of biscottis for purchase to dunk into your drinks.  They're not stingy with the A/C, they don't mind if you sit around for a couple of hours, and the music ain't bad.  Two thumbs up for It's A Grind!
5	Love this place. great selection blended drinks. I especially love the triple chocolate AND their large is 32oz of caffeinated goodness.
4	It's an alternative coffee chain to Starbucks. A little pricey but the sizes are a little bit bigger. Their iced soy chai is really yummy, don't forget to ask for cinnamon on top - which is my favorite part. There's plenty of seating to study or just hang out.
4	Spent a morning here working and connecting with a few friends and loved it. Coffee is great, service was friendly.I think the place could use a little TLC as far as the furniture is concerned but nothing that would keep me away in the future. Looking forward to working here again in the future.
4	Love this spot. Easy menu but still interesting. Great staff. Patient and make suggestions. Will customize anything. Cool atmosphere and a little less overwhelming than your usual Starbucks. Love having them close by. Try the funky monkey of you get a chance.
