5	A-MA-ZING! You have to try this toffee! You can find them at Tivoli Village farmers market on Saturdays. To die for. Chat with Suni. She is too cute. It'll make your day just meeting her but then try the toffee an you will see why it's called Whoa!
5	This was very tastey toffee.  Several varieties.
5	Most delicious toffee ever tasted. The variety of flavors to choose from  Is made to perfection which  certainly satisfies the sweet tooth. I first discovered the toffee at the Bruce Trent Farmers Market.  I also like the fact I  buy online to share with family and friends for those special occasions.  :)
5	My wife likes to treats me with  dark chocolate  peanut toffee for Friday nights. Goes great with a movie and an  ice cold beer.
5	OMG - this stuff is the best!  I bought several varieties to see which one I'd like the best and I can't make up my mind.  Is it the dark chocolate or milk chocolate with almonds, the pretzel is to die for, the smores with the little bits of marshmallow or the coffee - they are all so delicious.  I have found a new addiction - I can't get enough.  Truly, the best toffee around and a part of the proceeds goes to a good cause - a portion of each sale goes towards a foundation for care packages for the military abroad so they can get some of this yummy stuff and know that we care about them too...Love it!
5	I first tried Whoa! Toffee at my brother's wedding, as he and his wife gave it out as wedding favors.  It kind of blew my mind - no no, it really blew my mind.  I have never had such sweet, crunchy, irresistible toffee.  Everything else pales in comparison.The only problem is that I don't live out west and thus thought I didn't have access to more.  But wait!  Great news!  I discovered I could toffee online!  I took advantage of that and have been content ever since.  The only problem is pacing myself.Not only have I ordered some for myself, but I also gave it out as gifts to my co-workers over the holidays and they still rave about it when they see me.  I can't say enough about each delicious bite, so go try it!Also, the story behind the toffee is even better than the taste - check it out!
5	Beware!  once you open the bag its going to be impossible to reclose it without finishing everything inside.  been eating it since Whoa first started - love the creative different flavors they keep adding.  AWESOME~!
5	This is the most amazing toffee I've ever tasted.  It's not hard or sticky, rather soft and crumbly.  It melts in your mouth and that sweet taste is like a hug on the inside.  I serve it at every special occasion and it's always a hit.
