4	Whoa, did you hear that? It was a strange "sucking" sound...really...You didn't hear it? Oh wait, I know what it was, it was Hyde Park sucking all the money out of my wallet. Silly me, how could I not have known that I entered the big leagues when I walked in this place? You're almost bound to see a few Steelers here, CEO's, and other assorted big wigs. So when you want to play in that arena, you better be prepared to pay for it. And at Hyde Park, you do. Really.Before I comment about the food, I must make a disclaimer that I am not a huge steak fan. I suppose I enjoy a good hunk of bloody meat from time to time but all in all, I typically steer clear. Ha, ~steer~ clear, get it?!As of winter time 2006-2007, there are really 3 steakhouses in Pittsburgh, Morton's, Ruth Chris, and Hyde Park with the latter being a newcomer only opening in October 2006. So balancing between them, I would have to say Morton's has them beat in terms of steak, but Hyde Park is a close second. Whereas Morton's concentrates on just throwing a prime piece of meat in front of you, Hyde Park likes to dress theirs up in various sauces (mostly butter-based) and give them clever names like the Lemieux, the Stargell, the Rooney, etc.Where Hyde Park lasso's you in (trying to stick with the whole cattle theme), is on decor and service. This place looks awesome, straight up. Dark woods, big deep red drapes, white table cloths, a fireplace. nice. The place begs you to come in have some great drinks and get your chow on. But the temptation doesn't stop there. The service here is so impeccable that you feel bad not taking any of their suggestions on wine, entrees, desserts, or where the restroom is located. My waiter here was friendly, smart, pleasant, and prompt. What more do you want when you're dropping $60 for dinner (that's for one person, ahem)?A word of advice, when the waiter brings the check, simply throw your credit card in the binder, tell him or her to add 18%, and then sign without looking at the total. Follow that tip, All in all, and you'll leave here a happy, full person with a great, memorable experience. Until your credit card statement arrives but that's not for a few weeks, right?
4	Fancy fancy!  La-la la-la!  Come here if you are looking for a special night out!  I was here for a rehearsal dinner and it was amazing.  Our party was held in a private back room.  At first, I thought that the hostess was leading us into the kitchen but after a few twists and turns we entered this lavish red room.  It was perfect for the group of ~60 people.The bread basket was a winner - there was a soft pretzel in there!  I LOVE pretzels!  Luckily my husband pulled it out of there before anyone else did.The salad was bizarre.  I decided that I could recreate the recipe:Step 1:  Obtain a head of lettuceStep 2:  Quarter it.Step 3:  Place a quarter on a plate.Step 4:  Drizzle creamy dressing on top.Step 5:  Sprinkle with bacon and pecans.Step 6:  Serve.Really, do I need to eat all of that lettuce?  Maybe a normal salad does have that amount of lettuce in it and we just don't realize it, but when it is sitting in this quarter-sphere on your plate, you realize that you just need to eat the top layer and that is it!Dinner was great:  I had the shrimp and asparagus and it was delicious.  The guy next to me had the steak and he was loving it along with the mashed potatoes and crispy fried onions on the side.Finally, dessert was perfect:  a nicely-sized slice of chocolate cake and three drops of raspberry sauce on the side.  Mmmmmm.
3	I had dinner here last night and I can't claim to have as strong feelings as some of my fellow "yelpers".  I arrived around 8 PM after the extra innings of the Pirates game and the north shore bar crawl.  I'm guessing my palate was dulled a bit by a day of eating nachos, hot dogs and drinking cheap beer.  I'd say the best thing about this place is the bar scene (which is on par if not a little better than Capital Grille) and my favorite thing about this place is the pretzel bread (which is awesome with lots of butter). That's right the best thing about this supposed high end steakhouse is pretzel bread.  That's it...  That's my review..... Okay, a few other comments.  The bar service has always been pretty good, but not exceptional.  If it was better than average I'd guess that I would know a few of the bartenders.  The waitress was fine and the drinks are appropriately "stiff".  The lobster bisque was not too impressive.  My favorite steak place lobster bisque is the capital grille by far.   I ordered a filet with bernaisse sauce.  It was okay.  I'm guessing a prime cut, but definitely not aged like a steak at Mortons or Capital Grille.  It was cooked well.   The bernaise lacked flavor which is important when eating such a dull piece of meat.  The sides were good.  We had the asparagus and spinach.  Both were cooked and seasoned well.  A friend ordered the lamb chops which were good and a better choice than my filet.  I have to admit I've enjoyed steaks at "The Outback" more than I did with this place.  This restaurant tries to be a Mortons, Ruths and the like.  But, it's really just a bit of an overpriced TGIF.  It's not in the same league as a fine dining restaurant, which is unfortunate because there is room for more fine dining in Pittsburgh.  Again, it's not bad but I suggest that their is space for places like "The Outback" and "Mortons", but a space should not exist for something in between.  I suggest the best steak chain place right now is Capital Grille for quality of food and fun bar.
4	I have been here twice and would recommend it to anybody.  The first time I ate there i sat  at a table and had excellent service and the food was amazing.  Second time I was at the bar and had excellent service and conversation form the bartender, both times i had the fillet which was cooked to perfection.  Nothing bad to say about Prime.
3	Great steaks, good service.  Waiters are a bit odd but lots of fun.  The cocktails are yummy and they cater to your every whim.  Had a great wine list and management seems to care about how your dinner experience is.  Really
4	I love the below reviews..... I will give it to you straight and honest. Hyde Park is like Flemming's, Capital Grille, Ruth's Chris, Morton's, Sullivan's, etc. It is a high end steak house. So, if you don't want that, go to the burbs and eat Outback. Hyde Park reminds me of a Flemming's or a Sullivan's, it has that wibe. Big large open space with vast kitchen. I went on a Wednesday, so there was no wait. The dress is all over the map. I saw jeans, suits and ties, and pants to small for the hostess. Overall the food was very good. It's better than Ruth's or Morton's, and yes Outback(refering to the dolt saying this below). You can get a steak anyway you want with any combo of bacon, butter, sauce, blue cheese, ect. It's pretty incredible. They also have high end Kobe beef. Not something you see everywhere. The sides are also better than Ruth's or Morton's. You name it, they offer it. My steak 10 OZ Fillet was perfectly cooked to temperature as was my colleagues. The service was over the top. It was too attentive for a business dinner. Our waitress interrupted us several times, but we always had bread, water,plates cleared, ect. I have had more bad meals in downtown Pittsburgh that I care to admit. I walked away happy and full like any of the other high end steak houses.
4	I've decided to write an update and add a star to this place after my experience last night.  I was there for a business dinner with a bunch of folks who encouraged me to add a star and mention each by name, so here I am.  This is a chain restaurant, but a relatively small chain with locations primarily in OH, PA and now FL.  They attempt to compete with the high end steakhouses (Ruths, Palm, Mortons, Capital Grille) and up until last night I felt they were mostly out of their league.  However, my opinion has changed.  We arrived last night at about 6:30 PM.  They have a great circular bar with a few hightops and a deep relaxing red tone to the whole place.  Their wine selection is displayed in the front near a few areas for lounging.  They have a couple of fireplaces and it's a white tablecloth type of dining scene with multiple private rooms.  It's a relatively large restaurant and they also offer valet parking.  In terms of atmosphere it may be my favorite.  The feel is a little different than capital grille which feels "clubby".  This place has a less formal or younger feel.  Keith organized us all together and we started with good cocktails at the bar I had a nice ketel dirty rocks martini with blue cheese olives that was served by a very nice and professional bar matron.  We ordered a bunch of things, so I hope to remember them all.  I ordered raw oysters which were served fresh, cold with a nice tasting cocktail sauce.  Tom had the seared ahi, which was good quality tuna coated slightly with sesame seeds and served with a wasabi and siracha sauce.  I think Keith and Lloyd ordered the calamari which was great!  If you can only order one appetizer here get the calamari.  It's lightly breaded served with a sweet and hot light sauce.  The only calamari slightly better in the city is my buddy Ron's at Pangea.  I can't quite recall if we ordered any other apps'.  I chose the lobster bisque instead of a salad and I was hoping it was better than the last time I ordered.  It wasn't.  This bisque was my only real disappointment of the night.  It was too think and the lobster was unnoticeable.  Jim, Matt and Pat all ordered the iceberg wedge which was huge and looked really good.  It's your standard half a head of lettuce served with blue cheese and bacon I believe.  I was really impressed with the entrees' and sides.  They tailor a portion of the menu to reflect a sports theme.  They also serve plenty of steaks bone in which is much more flavorful.  I had the 22 oz. Santonio Holmes bone in Ribeye medium rare.  It was delicious and as good as any steak I've ever had.  The beef was prime, cooked perfectly on an 1800' grille and served pipin hot.  I didn't care for the teeny onion rings on the side but they were easy enough to push away.  Most of us ordered these and were all impressed.  Keith had the bone in strip which also looked really good.  The sides were perfect.  The asparagus was huge and the hollaindaise was not coagulated.  The mushrooms were cooked well and the mashed potatoes were creamy and rich.  There were a few desserts ordered.  I sampled the carrot cake and it was great.  It was easily big enough for three.  I mostly drank the house shiraz all night which was fine and I'm guessing less than $10 a glass.  Overall this place has really picked up it's game and in my opinion can finally compete in the high end steakhouse arena.
4	Hyde Park came highly recommended and I enjoyed my steak there. I had the 7oz. Clemente, which had bleu cheese on top and was wrapped in bacon. I then proceeded to have a heart attack...[Okay, joke in poor taste.]Upon heart attack recovery, I realized I quite enjoyed the steak. Cooked medium rare is my preferred temp, and the steak was quality, IMO. I'm not a steakhouse vet, however.We ordered Hyde Park's Signature Mac and Cheese as a side, but I didn't enjoy it quite as much as the signature mac at Aqueous, an upscale steakhouse at Nemacolin Woodlands Resort where we ate the night before. The lobster bisque at this restaurant is great, however. I'd likely return here for a special night on the town in Pittsburgh, but I might also choose one of the competitors like Ruth Chris or Morton's, too.
5	Hyde Park has outstanding food! I love the atmosphere with all of the wood and reds and black. I have been twice. The first time I went was on father's day of this year. I had the Prime Rib which is to die for! The Hyde Park Wedge Salad is outstanding! I also enjoyed the Roasted Garlic Whipped Potatoes and Fresh Sauteed Spinach and Mushrooms! Our waitress seemed to completely forget about us and took my wedge salad before I was done with it but the Prime Rib more than made up for her luck of customer service. All of the food was only $25 per person! They run a special on Sunday's which you can't beat!The second time I went was on my birthday. They had another special going that only cost $19.99 per person for three courses! I had the Filet Mignon, wedge salad and mashed potatoes. All of which was just as good as the first time. The service was much much better the second time around. They even brought me out a hand made chocolate dessert with chocolate moose and a hard chocolate shell with a candle in it. It was the best dessert I have ever had! Hyde Park, I love you like a fat kid loves cake!
4	I have taken clients to Hyde Park three times and have eaten there with my wife once.  I have never had a bad experience.  Like all restaurants there is the occasional wait or the occasional menu item that isn't as good as you had hoped it would be, but generally speaking this place is quite good.  Full disclosure:  I am a HUGE fan of Capital Grille.  If I give the CG 5 stars, I give Hyde Park 4.5.Great steaks, lots of menu options and a good wine list.  What more could you ask for?
2	Went for the first time last night; pretty lousy experience, start to finish. The minor points (and note that I'm judging against the price we paid--in other words, some of this is forgivable from less expensive places): First, they had trouble finding our reservation. Second, where we were sitting, at least, the restaurant shakes enough to make wine rock back and forth in the glass. Third, the restroom had paper only in one stall.The major issues: First, we ordered steaks medium-rare and medium, and both came to us medium-well. Second, when they packed our leftovers for us, they were just the steaks--despite the facts that we'd ordered two sides (delicious whipped potatoes and creamed spinach)  and finished less than half of either one, and that my date had many french fries left on her plate.As for the preparation of the steaks themselves, the cabernet butter is wonderful, and if you like black pepper, you will love the Heinz Ward. (It was a bit too peppery for me--a comment I see reflected in other reviews, which makes me think it wasn't just my expectations being off.) The meat itself wasn't as flavorful as what I've had at Ruth's Chris (or at Legume or Bona Terra, for that matter), but that was likely a problem with the doneness more than with the quality of the meat.
4	I came here one weekend with a group of friends to have a nice dinner, and I was impressed.We had two waitresses, which was kind of odd to me, but they were very attentive. They explained how all of the steaks could be prepared, the specials for the day, and answered any questions that we had.I had the lobster bisque to start, and it was very smooth and creamy--very good. I thought the color was strange, though. It was bright orange, kind of like nacho cheese, but it tasted just fine.For my entree, I had the 7oz filet that was cooked in garlic, peppercorns, and roasted shallot cabernet butter. I think it was called the "Hines Ward," but I can't be positive, and Oo the side I chose green beans. Everything was REALLY good, and I was full without being stuffed.For dessert, my friend and I decided to split the carrot cake. For anyone who decides to order the carrot cake or the chocolate cake--BE PREPARED. You will get a full quarter of a good-sized round cake. IT IS HUGE. One "serving" is enough for four people, I'm not kidding. Three of us had a good helping at the restaurant, and took the rest home, where it gave us three more helpings. The cake is only $10, also, so it's definitely the most bang for your buck.
1	Update: With a generous gift card from some kind of regional manager (in response to our comment card from the previous visit), we returned, for what will be my last time.First, they brought me my steak with the wrong sauce--their pepper sauce instead of the shallot butter I ordered. I sent it back, and they brought me the right sauce--with the wrong steak. Funny enough, it was the same Heinz Ward steak I'd been unhappy with in my previous review.This time, in fairness, my steak was at least cooked a perfect medium-rare. I'm still unimpressed with the flavor of the meat itself, though. It just tastes a little watery compared to the stuff at other restaurants I've been to.I had three bites and stopped eating, and I am pleased to say that they didn't charge me for the steak. But again: At a place this pricey, I just expect my experience to be at least an B+, and I haven't had anything over a C-.
5	We dined here on a recent Friday night.  My boyfriend got us tickets to the Pirate's game and wanted to treat us to a nice meal before the game.  This restaurant is located accross the street from the ball park, so it was the perfect choice!Valet service was fairly quick.  Also, since we were going to the game, we were advised that we could leave our car there.  Very nice.We were greeted promptly by the host for our 5:30 pm reservation and lead to a huge, plush semi circle red velvet platform booth.  Very nice!  The restaurant interior is hip and modern, but also very formal with white tablecloths.  We had two servers, both very nice girls from Erie.  We dressed business casual, because we were going to a bb game.  Although, most diners were dressed more formally.We noticed an "Early Nights" special on the menu.  Since we were not that hungry, it seemed to be perfect for us.   Our starters were the satisfactory lobster bisque and the famous iceberg lettuce wedge with the most amazing blue cheese dressing, bacon and candied pecans.  To die for!  BJ got the BBQ Pork Shank which was very tender and delicious.  I opted for the Twin Filet Mignon with Bearnaise sauce and crispy onion straws.  Our sides were the one pound Idaho baked potato and steamed aspargus Bearnaise. Everything was well prepared and delicious.  However, plan to bring an appetite.  We were unable to try any of the "made in house" desserts, which we were both really disappointed about. The bar area looks really nice and we are going to try it in the near future. Also, after the game, while we were waiting for our car, we saw one of the Steeler's players.  Kinda fun, if you are into that sort of thing.  Our valet said that they come in all the time.
3	Had dinner there about a month ago.  Service was very good.  Waiter was very knowledgeable and helpful.  I was torn between the ribeye and the Hines Ward.  Waiter suggested the rib-eye with the Hines Ward sauce.  Great idea.  The meat was good but not great.  Lots of fat (even for a rib-eye) and the taste was a little on the bland side.  Good thing there was the sauce to go with it.  Sides were very good.  Would probably go back if invited.  If I'm paying I might make another choice.  PIttsburgh finally has more than two steakhouses to choose from.
4	The best place for cocktails in or near Downtown; they do a happy hour from 4-6:30, and then another happy hour from 9 until close.  Drinks were perfectly mixed, delicious, and half off.  Great for having a few drinks before a 7 pm baseball game, and every bit of food we've ordered from the bar has been delicious.  Would rate this five stars, but haven't actually ever sat in the dining room.
1	Hyde Park, What happened?! My wife and daughter took me here today for my birthday and it was a absolutely horrible experience! The service was so so slow. We ordered our meals 10 minutes after we sat down and it took 40 minutes for me to get my shrimp cocktail appetizer. We had to ask for bread because we were so hungry from waiting. It took another 30 minutes for me to get my lobster bisque that had no lobster in it what so ever, my wife to get her salad and my daughter to get her burger and fries. My wife and I both ordered The Filet Mignon and Crab Cakes. The supposed Filet Mignon tasted like liver and my crab cakes were burnt and full of filler with little if any crab meat at all. We complained to the floor manager and she got the "Guest Service Manager" Matthew S. He was very apologetic and took our meals, drinks and desserts off our bill. He only charged us for my shrimp cocktail and my daughter's cheeseburger. Before today we went to Hyde Park four to five times a year. It's a shame because that dinner totally ruined my birthday. I'm not sure if I'll ever go back!
5	We had a large group in on Saturday and they were just as good with 13 of us as they were when I was there with just 2 of us.  Same great food and service.  I'm very pleased with everything here.
2	Terrible experience,  I specified I must have gluten free and was brought a steak with fried onions (battered in flour). The filet mignon was covered with butter!! We ordered a 50 day dry aged kansas cut and it was chewy as hell.  Uncooked broccoli, and a raw baked potato.  Kindly our bill was taken care of but what a terrible service for such pricy food.  I expected much better.    EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING
4	Had a good experience here. My colleague and I took customers out and wasn't disappointed. Started with the $4 martini happy hour drinks. Ordered a couple of bottles of wine and then got seated for dinner. The group settled for just salads and the "Tower of Seafood". Only negative thing is that they design the seafood tower for the number of patrons. We ordered the one for 8 and got charged for it, but only received enough for the four of us. It was still enough. Service was good and provided by Damien. Expect to find only the mucky mucks when you go here. My colleague hung out with the Rooneys the last time he was here. Many of the Steelers, Penguins and Pirates frequent this place. That should tell you it's not cheap.
2	Had dinner here the other night, I wasn't pleased. Our waiter was AWFUL! He actually told me he'd get yelled at if my water glass wasn't full of water at all times, this was after I told him I didn't want anymore water. Really? This guys job is on the line because I drank some water? I thought he was unprofessional and noticed the his coworkers felt the same way. Then I saw at another table the server actually talking up the food and offering suggestions!! The food, well, some of it was good after I seasoned it at the table. The steak was under cooked but the salmon was good. The potatoes were bland, the Bearniaises sauce that accompanied the asparagus had separated and the asparagus itself was huge and woody, could only eat the tops.  The wine was good!   I expected more from a fancy $200 meal for two restaurant.
4	Their martini selection is exellent. You have to try the lychee martini. Their steak and side dishes(especially the corn) were great. Definitely a great place for steak. I was also surprised to find that they served the best value burger when i saw my colleaque's entree. It was huge and cheap@@
4	Very nice digs. The decor is very nice with dark wood, burgundy drapes, white table cloths. Wait staff was very good and efficient. Waitress had good recommendations and knowledgeable about the menu and wines. Went for a family birthday celebration, our waitress over heard and made sure the birthday person received a desert with candle. Nice touch! Food was very good. For starters, the Carpaccio was Oh So GOOD! Others enjoyed the Lobster Bisque and Calamari. Some had salads and were very satisfied; I saved room for desert and skipped this option. Had the Lamb Chops, double cut, that were perfectly cooked, so tasty, and came with some really good thin onion strings and Bordelaise sauce. We shared some asparagus with Bearnaise. The asparagus was cooked perfectly; good with or without the Bearnaise.One issue, the main course came out to fast...were not really done with salads and walla time for the main course. We were not in a hurry and the timing was just a little to fast. Have a nice desert menu and the Key Lime pie and chocolate muse were very good!
4	Having only lived in Pittsburgh for just short of two years, Hyde Park was one of the first nicer restaurants my wife and I had a chance to visit here.Let me just say that we made a fantastic choice in coming here early on!Both of our filets were cooked to perfection and if you visit and don't try the lobster macaroni, you may as well not have come. DO IT!
2	It wasn't terrible, It wasn't great. The group I was with had some steak mishaps with the wrong level of cookness. Raves were the lobster pasta and the salads (not the wedge salad, which I think are stupid anyway). The anchovies were dry. Crab cakes were good but I've had better. Service was on top of their game, gratuity was included for 8 people so they got double tipped, and didn't bring it to our attention. Our bad. I expected more from this place.
2	Places like this have almost permanently done me in for going any place that is Fancy (capital F).We had a party of 8 to celebrate a birthday, so we were ready to go all out.We had 2 servers, which not sure if this was a common practice - but we certainly did not get twice the service.  There was a great deal of pomp surrounding ordering and napkins, etc...but some basics fell apart.  We had to beg for an extra napkin, when they cleared plates for salads/apps - we had to ask several times for replacement forks/knives with our entrees. Getting refills on drinks was also a challenge.  For the entrees, we all ordered some version of steak.  And they were wildly inconsistent in their done-ness.  Medium rare looked completely different on 3 different plates.  We did send one back (a rarity among my friends) that was way over done.All that being said, my steak was good (ordered medium). The sides were pretty good - standard stuff for a steak house....asparagus, potatoes gratin, sauteed mushrooms, fries.But, for the cost it was not worth it.  Fine for a work dinner or if you're in town for a game and don't want to leave the north shore (snooze).  Otherwise, unlikely that I'll be spending anymore of my money there.
3	Nine people and $900 later...Business dinner for nine in the early evening on a weekday.  I'll say this about the place; the location was great!  Sits between the ball park and the football stadium and is right across from a decent Hyatt Place hotel.  I was impressed with the city but less so with the restaurant.We had several appetizers including some big group seafood appetizer served on a tri-level platter.  I had a wedge salad which was excellent and also the salmon, which was very disappointing.  I thought the salmon was dry and almost tasteless.Others commented their entrees were good so I'm cutting this place some slack but when the check came the servers kept coming by asking if the bill was ready. Come on, I just got a check for almost $900 can you please give me a moment to digest my dry salmon?I didn't completely dislike it because it had some good qualities but I won't go out of my way to return.
5	The enormous ribeye for two is the BEST. STEAK. EVER.  The sides are pretty good, but not necessarily great.  The shellfish tower is impressive.  Plan on dropping at least $100 per person not including the tip.  If you are not going for a steak, then go somewhere else.
5	This is a phenomenal place for a nice dinner and some drinks.  I would definately go back just for a happy hour.  Lately I have been craving fruity drinks/cocktails.  We asked for a cocktail list and honestly everything sounded delicious.  I went with the Crushed Berries cocktail.  I can't stop thinking about this drink.  The drink was made with Cirroc Berry Vodka, fresh crushed blueberries, lime and syrup.  It's a good thing I had made a reservation or I may not have made it to dinner. This cocktail was just what I needed and we were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday.  For dinner we shared a Ribeye, garlic whipped potatoes, and the macaroni and cheese.  Our ribeye was cooked perfectly.  We both like our steaks rare and it isn't easy getting a steak the way we like it.  The macaroni and cheese melted in my mouth, it was THAT GOOD!
1	Full Discloser: I did not pay for this meal as it was a group outing for the holiday. Long story short.What I ordered: bacon gruyere burger, medium rare, with no bun and no fries.What I received: a burger. overcooked. on a bun. with a full mound of fries. and no bacon. and no gruyere.At least there was A burger right?!?! I mean I guess the could have gone all out and brought me tofu.And no, it wasn't anywhere near 9 oz. either.
4	Short review here - I know, I know... that's a bit unusual for me.I've had one dinner here, which was excellent. The steak was well cooked and sides were tasty and also well prepared. The wait staff was friendly and helpful, and overall, this place was every bit as nice as other big names in the steakhouse business (Ruth's Chris, Capital Grille, Morton's) in my opinion.I've also stopped here before a Steelers game for a bit of "tailgating" with some friends - we had a great time at the bar. The bartenders are courteous, efficient, and make some nice drinks.I've read through some of the less flattering reviews, and can only think that these reviewers unfortunately came on an 'off' night for this place. So far, I am pleased, and will definitely return when I am craving a steakhouse experience!
4	I had an overall great experience; although having 2 servers was clumsy at times as they seemed not to coordinate between themselves as far as our service.  My Steak Rooney was delicious and cooked to my order. Also had the seared Ahi tuna appetizer which was delicious. My dinner mate had a shrimp cocktail appetizer and his steak was also very good.  Will definitely visit again for special occasions.
4	We had a fantastic dinner here with 10 people.  Old time great service, white table cloth and prompt service.  This place is higher end pricing, not Morton's, but close.  My only reason I am not giving them five stars is that the place loos a little dated.
5	One of my favorite places to get a great steak, cocktail, and lobster Mac and cheese.  I came here after a brutal Buccos defeat and the place was packed...walked in and headed for the bar.  I did notice everyone at the bar had calamari which looked really good and was only $6 bucks...that's a steal a Hyde Park.  However tempting that calamari looked I passed and went for the petit filet, side of lobsta Mac, and spinach/mush side dish.  All delicious!  They do it right here serving the filet with crispy onions.  They don't have happy hour on Saturday but it looked like they have a bar menu with special pricing anyways.  Garrett Jones was up in here mellowed out but one obnoxious drunkard kept bugging him.  Ridic!
4	Small scheduling snafu but they made it right. Great service here and they're  really concerned with your happiness.
3	My husband and I eat at restaurants about three times a week. One thing we believe is that if the food is so-so but the service is good, it makes an enjoyable time. But, if the  food is good and your service is awful, the entire experience is ruined. This is what happened to us last night. We took my husbands parent to Hyde Park for a special occasion.  We had drinks, wine, appetizers, salads, filets and even had after dinner drinks which were all very good, it just took our server forever to take our order, ask how everything was and we had empty plates in front of us and needed refills on our cocktails for over 15 minutes. All in all, the food was good but the service was AWFUL!
2	Eh is major feedback.  I've visited Hyde Park both for dinner and for happy hour drinks.  It wasn't a bad time but not sure that I'd go back.FOR DINNER:I had a Hearts of Romaine Caesar Salad.  It was fine as fancy-schmancy salads go.  The service was attentive, especially considering that they were packed.  I'd sum the dinner experience up as I don't really have any complaints...butttt I'm not sure that I'd go again.  Meh.FOR DRINKS:The happy hour cocktails range from $5-7.  There was a nice variety and $7 for a Cosmo with Kettle One is a fair price.  I also had two glasses of the Kentucky Lemonade, made with Bulliet.  Now, I've lived in the South so I have a STRONG opinion about bourbon lemonade (get it, strong).  The first round was perfect--just the right balance of sweet vs citrus and lots of whiskey.  The second round was made by a different bartender who was no mixologist--it bourbon with a splash of water and a lemon--and I wasn't impressed.  Hmmm.  Very inconsistent.
5	The steak is out of this world.  It's amazingly good and always well prepared.  You can tailor it how you like, and the options are endless.  But, the reason for this review is two fold.  First, the creamed corn.  If you do nothing else, ever, get the creamed corn.  How can corn mixed with baacon ever be a bad thing?  It can't.  It's so good, my wife and I order the sides separately because we each want one.  Additionally, we've discussed stopping by, heading to the bar for a drink and an order of creamed corn.  It's that good.  It used to be seasonal and now it's on the menu all the time.  In my house, that's a great call since we found or way there more often during creamed corn season than when it wasn't in season.  But second, my wife and I celebrated our annivesary there and they went out of their way to make us feel special.  For starters, when I made the reservation they asked if we were celebrating anything and I told them it was our sixth wedding anniversary.  We showed up about 45 minutes early and the place was jam packed.  The first words out of the maitre d's mouth were not "we'll call you when your table's ready", the first words out of his mouth were, "Oh, Mr. & Mrs. Scotti, Happy Anniversary" then seated us anyway, much to our surprise.  Then we got to a huge table with rose and candles spread all over our table.  Before I knew what was going on, our hostess had my iPhone and taking our picture in the booth.  Plus, they threw in dessert which was not at all expected.  We really were just lookiing forward to eating creamed corn before a Steeler game for our anniversary and were compeletely blown away.  The food is tremendous, the services is way over and above what anyone can reasonably expect, and to say that we'll be back is an understatement.
3	A solid 3.5 stars for good service and great atmosphere. The appetizers and sides here are excellent, including their lobster bisque (must try) and candied walnut salad. But their filet, despite being a filet was overcooked the night I was there. It's definitely pricey here, for the same price, I think more bang for same buck can be had elsewhere
5	We went to Hyde Park last night for dinner. Every bite was excellent, as was the service. The atmosphere is pretty standard steakhouse - dark, fancy, cozy.The 40 day dry aged steak melts in your mouth and the cabernet butter was perfection. My entree was the Polamalu lobster tail and I demolished it! Lobster mac and cheese, lobster mashed potatoes, goat cheese salad with candied walnuts, delicious breads with 2 types of butter, crab cake, it was all delicious! Unfortunately we didn't save any room for dessert.
4	I was at HydePark for a business meeting. Good place to conduct a meeting especially when the food and drinks are excellent. I had the bone in filet (yes they have this), best of both worlds for steak in my opinion. The service was attentive but not over the top. The cost is what you would expect for a steak house. I suggest the lobster Mac n cheese, good stuff.
5	I'm surprised by all of the not-so-great reviews about Hyde Park because every experience I've had here has been top notch. I've also had the opportunity to dine for both a work function and dinners with family and friends, so that is speaking from both avenues. First, Hyde Park offers their valet service which is great, especially on game days and concert nights when it is a lot more difficult to find a parking spot. The bar is very separated from the rest of the restaurant which I think is a plus because you don't have to be overdressed to dine here by any means. On game days, I've even come in jeans and a jersey and fit right in with the number of other people wearing jeans and jerseys as well. When you dine here, expect to see a diverse amount of people...a lot of businessmen and also those out celebrating a special occasion or just having a nice dinner out before a Steelers or Pirates game.A great time to come to Hyde Park is before 6pm when they offer their early bird menu. It is around $20-25 (and the twin filets are included), and comes with your choice of salad or soup as well as a side. For as great of food as this place has, it's nice that an upscale place can offer a menu as such. The Lobster Bisque soup is very tasty as well as the bread basket selection they bring right away to the table. The Hyde Park wedge salad is a fairly huge offering of salad and not a bad option either. I'm not a fan of iceburg lettuce, so I prefer the Lobster Bisque soup.I've tried a variety of things on the menu, including the salmon, filet, and hamburger, and I have never been disappointed.  The steak is always cooked to your liking and prepared very nicely. My personal favorite is the salmon, and this is even prepared to your liking as well. The sides are for sharing, and the potatoes gratin are always a good go-to for me.  Dessert is fantastic, but by the time dessert comes around, it seems like everyone is pretty full. They have a lot to pick from, including fruit type offerings, cheesecake, and chocolate cake.The one thing I will say about this place is that you need at least 1 1/2 hours to eat here if you're planning on having more than one course. The service is wonderful, but they really walk you through every part of the meal, and this also means, like I said, by the time dessert comes around, you can tell everyone is slowing way down. The manager did hand out 25 dollar gift cards to use for a return visit which was really nice, too! Also, this is a great place to have a meeting, or a larger party.
4	We have been to this Steakhouse several times. The steaks and food in general are pretty good. However, I like Ruth Chris and Mortons better.  It's still a strong recommendation because the service is excellent but you are paying for it but get ready to drop two bills if your going full courses, ordering wine, and tip. But again the decor is nice and its a great place to relax before and after dinner. ScoreFood Quality 4Service 4Atmosphere 4Value 3Recommend 4Tier 1
5	so I ordered the ribeye and ordered it medium rare, came out med well. The bartender insisted I get another(I totally appreciate) out comes a New York Strip!!! Ugh!!hey things happen and it could be worse, the important thing is the bartender offered to take it off the tab. do you understand that in restaurants things are going to happen? It is however, how they handle it,that makes the place different from the rest. hey Jack, two thumbs up!!!
3	Well, I had really high hopes for this place based on reviews. It was good, but not amazing by any stretch. It was nice inside, service was excellent. We started with the Calamari that everyone on here is raving about. It was thin, chewy, and smothered in so much sweet chili sauce that you couldn't even taste the calamari it's self. Whats the point of that? I had the wedge salad which was very good. Then I ordered a Ribeye medium rare. I started into the steak from an end and it was outstanding, but as I worked into the steak it was very rare in the middle, almost blue, and got very tough. Ribeye is a fatty steak, you have to get it hot enough to break that down or you just end up with a big piece of meat chewing gum. So, I ate about half the steak and left the rest. They offered to recook it or give me a free dessert, but frankly I had eaten enough at that point. So, I would give them another shot, but I would definitely check doneness before digging in. I would definitely skip the Calamari. Oh, the garlic mashed potatoes are very good as well, highlight of the meal.
5	As a celebration for attaining my MSW, my dear friend Christina took me to dinner on Pittsburgh's North Shore at Hyde Park.  An upscale steakhouse, she truly knows how to make a man feel like a $1,000,000.  We valeted the car, which was strategic in the midst of a Pirate game that was about to start.Upon entry, the bar was buzzing with excitement for the start of the Pirate game (I believe they lost to the Reds by quite a depressing margin).  Anyway, it was a perfect late spring night that had Christina and I salivating for the meal we were about to enjoy.  A lovely hostess escorted us to our seats.  We were greeted promptly by servers who were eager to make our experience one to remember. So, we started with our favorite drink, Bombay Sapphire gin and tonics. We sipped on them while perusing the menus.  Each entree was named after a sports player here in Pittsburgh (the "City of Champions").  We both decided on the "Hines Ward" filet, sauteed in heavy garlic and shallots, with a cracked peppercorn coating (added quite the spice).  Christina got the goat cheese and vinaigrette salad to start.  I went with my favorite, the Ceasar salad.  I was amazed at the generous size of these salads for such a fancy restaurant.  So plentiful, crisp and fresh.  Christina and I LOVE our bread (pretzel sticks too) which were accompanied with butter.  This butter was dusted on each edge with salt and garlic/pepper to spread over our guilty pleasure (yes, we asked for more).  I learned that a great red wine can always be relied upon if it's from New Zealand. We enjoyed a wise choice made by Christina that complemented what was about to come.Our steaks were perfectly timed and delivered by several servers, insisting that we combine the table next to ours in order to create more space (so accommodating). Our medium-cooked steaks were dressed with deep-fried onion crisps. We had the following delectable sides: macaroni and cheese, brussel sprouts, and garlic mashed potatoes.If you are not hungry by know, then there is something wrong with you. We passed on dessert, as there was just no room. The server packaged our leftovers, suggesting that she split the sides evenly for us to enjoy later on.  This was a first class experience that I thoroughly appreciated.
1	Wow, I mean really a steakhouse that served lukewarm fries and a burger that the order temp was medium and it comes out well-done. Why even send it out? Why not correct it then tell me at the table we had to refire your burger it will be a few minutes and bring me out a great burger. Damn. Disappointing.What's even more disappointing is the refire came out medium well to well done. Amateurs.
3	I'm reviewing this from a happy hour standpoint. The drink deals are awesome. Had a fabulous Bulleit Blackberry drink and then the Pink Grapefruit cocktail (so refreshing, not too sweet or too tart). My boyfriend got the Bulleit cocktail too and then the Moscow mule, also great. The food was meh. And yes, I know it was happy hour so maybe they're not pulling out all the stops, but Ruth's Chris hh food is bomb. Just sayin. We got the tenderloin sliders and the calamari. Sliders could be good but the pieces you get are kinda small, even for sliders. Calamari was ok. Would come back for the drinks for hh for sure, and maybe to try their dinner menu since they looked good coming out.
4	Dining at Hyde Park, overall, was a great experience! We came on Sunday when they have less expensive meal options. We had bacon wrapped scallops for and app which I would highly recommend.  For my dinner portion, I had the salmon which was delicious and a huge portion.  All the men in our party order steaks and they all raved over them.  Dessert we order keylime pie and carrot cake.  The keylime pie was delicious and meant for 1 person.  The carrot cake on the other hand was huge more like a half of carrot cake. The menu said good for 2-4 people but we shared it was 5 and still had left overs!
2	Skip it if you are a vegetarian or health conscious.  I had a piece of fish which I ordered "plain".  I guess I should have specified 'not soaked in butter and oil sauce'. The chopped salad was OK.  The breads tick was a soft pretzel stick.  For a $50 meal this was mediocre at best. It was worth about $12.The wait staff was great -  fast,  friendly and the ideal level of attention.  Too bad the food is overpriced and not so great.
4	I would've given them 5 stars, but for the second time in a row they were out of our favorite red velvet cake. We come here every year when we make our trip out for a Steelers game because we know the service is excellent and the food is phenomenal. Lobster Bisque is a must have first course, it's a savory mix of cream and a generous amount of shellfish. I always order a rib-eye and get the crab meat hollandaise sauce, that makes the meal!! If you ask for rare- expect it to be cool and red. I ask for medium rare and its perfect for me, warm and deep pink. Fantastic sides here are the lobster mac and cheese! The lobster is plentiful and the cream in the cheese sauce tastes homemade, you know you are eating quality food when you take a bite of it. The grand finale is usually the red velvet cake, when in stock! This massive cake is enough to feed 4 people, we usually take it back to our hotel at this point and need to be rolled out of the place. Overall, worth every bite!!!
5	there is something on the menu for everyone. i got the black and gold....30 something ounces of tomahawk rib chop what?.....my wife got the polamalu lobster...16 to 18 oz. .....if you know where it gets better than this please let me know
3	I'd say the 3.5 stars on Yelp is about right.Service - very great and helpfulCalamari - a bit overcooked and drowned in sweet chili sauce. I don't recommend it. Steak - Ribeye - very good. Nice set of options. Medium-rare but just slightly over-cooked.
