5	I've been seeing Dana Price for about 6 months now.  I went in due to chronic daily headaches and migraine headaches.  After a few treatments, my headaches slowly decreased, to a point now where I rarely have one at all.  Ilumina is a fantastic place where the people are caring and understanding.  A very relaxing environment to heal from the inside.Thanks Ilumina!
5	I had my first ever acupuncture treatment today and I was pleasantly surprised.  The needles didn't hurt at all and I was actually able to relax!  Dr. Price is a great listener and very professional.  I felt very at ease in her office and the other staff members were very helpful and through.  Looking forward to seeing these great people again!
5	I checked into ilumina today (literally and on my Yelp app) and realized that this was my 20th check-in on Yelp.  I'd say that means I am way overdue to review this place, so here goes...I am so thankful to have been introduced to ilumina by my friend Colleen... I'd never done acupuncture before but I knew I was in good hands the moment I met Dana Price.  She is amazing!  I've been seeing Dana pretty consistently for about six months now and I credit my being just over four months pregnant to Dana and the ilumina team.  Sure, my husband can take some of the credit too... but I am a believer in acupuncture and and all of the services that IHS offers.I've always been afraid of needles, but the acupuncture with Dana is not painful at all... it is actually relaxing and I look forward to my appointments.  I've also seen Marion for several polarity sessions which I highly recommend, and Audrey for pre-natal massage which is pretty much like going to heaven for an hour!  Stephanie and Leigh who work the front desk are angels, and all of the aforementioned ilumina staff are professional and a pleasure to visit.While I can only personally speak to infertility struggles, I know that the professionals at ilumina work with all kinds of health issues.  I cannot recommend IHS enough... thank you thank you thank you ilumina - see you again real soon!
5	Absolutely love this place!!!  I had been somewhat skeptical of acupuncture.  Now, I am the biggest advocate.  I had heard about Dr Dana Price from my fertility Dr.  After having one failed round of IVF, I started going to Dr Price regularly.  Each treatment was peaceful & I always felt good afterward.  When it came time to do my transfer which was the day before Thanksgiving, one of Dr Price Staff met me at my Dr office and did acupuncture before & after my transfer.  I am happy to say I am the mother of healthy twin boys!!! I think Dr Price made all of the difference.  I still see Dr Price whenever I have a sore back or muscles. Every time, she never disappoints and always remedies the problem!! I highly recommend Dr Price!
5	I love Ilumina Healing . I started going to Ilumina healing a few years ago to balance out some issues we get as women.  I have to say acupuncture is one of the most relaxing and healing experiences you will ever have in life. It's like a proverbial reset button, that when you're done with your treatment you feel 100% better. The staff at Ilumina healing is well educated in this field and are the best in its class .  I hope to get around to try out the facials.
5	my friend introduced me to ilumina. fantastic place where the people are caring and understanding.  A very relaxing environment.
5	I love Ilumina!  From the moment you walk through the door, you slip into a totally different place - so peaceful and serene. I wish I could be there every day. :-) I have been hearing rave reviews from friends and colleagues for years now, and am so excited that I'm at a point in my life where I can try this for myself.  I have seen both Dana and Cathy for regular treatments - Dana for fertility and Cathy for a shoulder problem.  Both ladies are extremely gifted in what they do! Wanting a more holistic approach to fertility, Dana was able to regulate my cycle within 3 months of stopping the pill.  She is very knowledgeable in all aspects of fertility  - from thyroid levels to diet to sleep to herbs -  and really counsels you in all areas for a whole-body approach.  Cathy was able to relieve most of a shoulder impingement in one session and had great advice on keeping my shoulder healthy.This is now my go-to office for acupuncture - I drive from East Gilbert weekly to receive my treatments, and it's worth every mile!
5	This is a great tranquil place. They have a strong focus on fertility and I am so lucky to be able to take advantage of their services. Dana is very knowledgeable at acupuncture and Chinese medicine.  Audrey gives great massages, and its one of the few in the Phoenix area to be certified in Mayan abdominal. I am so thankful it is here. It is a great primary or adjunct treatment for infertility. I only wish they still had their ivf packages because they were a good deal.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place and their staff. I went thru a very hard and emotional circumstance recently and after many different referrals I decided to try going to Dana. They are so kind and caring here, the environment is clean and comfortable. They know women's health better than anyone else. I have seen them help women with problems western medicine couldn't do.
5	I really really really can't say enough wonderful things about this place.  Kathy and Dana are very gifted healers.  I really thank them for all their great work!!!
5	After my first failed ivf cycle , I was recommended to start treament wih Dana at ilumina by my fertility doc.  After my 3  month treatment with accupuncture , herbs, supplements and improved diet, my second IVF cycle was a success. The treatment improved the quality of my embryos and increased the amount from o to 4 blastocysts.  I also no longer have cramps, headaches, clotting  nor heavy bleeding during my menstrual cycles.  I aslo have antibodies that concerned me with attacking the embryos and after treatment, the blood results showed decreased numbers of autoimmune antibodies. Its amazing what eastern medical treament can do.  I am currenly pregnant with good HCg numbers and continuing my treatment to help me during my pregnancy.  I am impressed with her medical knowlege and appreciate her concerns and patience.
5	My friend gave me a gift certificate for a massage with Audrey. I had heard wonderful things from her and have enjoyed massages before so I was looking forward to it, especially after surgery two months ago. To make a long story short, Audrey is an incredible massage therapist. We discussed some of my main concerns and she knew exactly where to place her hands without me having to say a word. Not to wax poetic, but I would call her a healer. I have had a long-standing (like three years) point pain in my left abdomen and have been to many doctors and even a pain clinic and none of them could figure it out. Within 20 minutes Audrey was able to diagnose the cause of the pain and massaged and stretched me to help relieve it. She gave me some stretches to do at home as well and I am truly amazed by the decrease in pain in just 60 minutes. My first visit to ilumina was truly life changing, and I can't wait to go back next week!
5	Update 9/6:I have now seen Catherine for about two months for acupuncture and it has made such a significant change in my pain level. She is intuitive and kind and extremely knowledgable. I would encourage anyone to come here, they truly are a special team.
5	I went here for about 10 months before and after conceiving my oldest child. Dana Price is amazing at what she does and she is super nice, compassionate and down to earth. I highly recommend! The facility is calm and relaxing and they carry a good selection of herbs and educational books.
