5	First-time customer. Store was clean and not busy (no customers at 4pm Sunday). Three employees working (two on pizza line and one on the register) and were extrenely courteous, professional and helpful. We ordered three  16" family-size pizzas (serves 4-6 people; Taco Grande, 5-Meat Stuffed and Chicken & Bacon Stuffed).Gave five-stars for preparation, presentation, and friendly-service.  Pizzas were completely deeeeelish!!!For menu, click here: http://www.PapaMurphys.com/m/our-menu/
5	love papa murphies.  like the fact that i can cook my pizza at home and that it is fresher and hotter then in a pizza joint or delivery.  the staff the is very friendly and ready to help you right away.  you do not have a long wait while your pizza is cooking.  they put it together for you and you take it home and put it in the oven or even on the bbq grill.  i love this place so much they they already know my name and greets me everytime i come in.  keep up the good work!!
5	Had the five meat stuffed pizza. Will definitely be back.
5	Love Papa Murphy's pizzas! Always easy to find coupons in mailers too. Just wish they were open later.
5	Clean restaurant. Great service. Not a complaint here.
4	Went in to pick up a pie today for dinner tonight. Clean and efficient store with great pizza value. I dinged it one star because there was a teen employee in back cutting vegetables and saw me come in. He didn't say anything and let me stand there for 5 minutes while he finished his cutting. I then gave my order to him and a small women came out to do the cashier thing. Serious tension between the two. Made me feel uncomfortable. I am assuming the female was the male's boss and didn't like it. TIP: deal with it son, females rule the world.
5	I went to pick up the Gourmet chicken garlic pizza n yum yum it was delicious..will go back sure..
5	Wow! Great service. Walked and was immediately (and warmly) greeted by the nice woman at the register. I ordered a large Papa's Favorite. It only took a few minutes for my pizza to be ready. The man who made the pizzas was extremely nice, too! Got home and just had a few slices - it's really delicious pizza. You can't beat it for the price. And $10 Tuesdays?! Score! I'll DEFINITELY be back!
5	I'm used to ordering pizza over the phone and waiting for it to be delivered.  This was a new concept to me, ordering the pizza, watch them make it just like I want it and then, taking it home to bake it.  The service was great - absolutely fantastic.  The pizza was really yummy.  It took only about 15 minutes to bake and we had a fresh out of the oven delight!  And the price was right, too.  I will come back here for my pizza.  It's the best.
5	Been to this location a few times always great service with a smile. Not many times you get great service every time!!
