5	Very pleasant helpful staff. Very clean restrooms.
5	Great food and fantastic customer service. Healthy alternative to fast food!
2	Chipotle is one of my favorites but I will be driving to the Goodyear location from now on. We live half way between the Buckeye location and the Goodyear location and normally drive to Buckeye just because the parking is better than at the Goodyear restaurant. Last Saturday, around 11:30am we drove to Buckeye to enjoy a Chicken Burrito.When we arrived and walked in, the music was so loud I had to squint as it was bothersome. We walked to the counter and attempted to order and we couldn't hear the guy behind the counter because the music was so loud. Luckily we knew what he was asking since we eat Chipotle so often.We got our food and sat down and my wife said, "this music is way too loud and giving me a headache". We couldn't hear one another talking and had to yell to speak to one another. We cut our lunch short and left because the music was so loud and bothersome. It wasn't pleasing background music but more rock music that was at the volume you would find at a concert.We looked around and watched the other customers trying to have conversations and they were all leaning across the table and yelling to try and hear one another.Very unpleasant experience and we'll find another place from now on.
4	One of my fav places to go. Always clean and the staff is friendly. Ive taken the office to Chipotle here in Buckeye many times and the service and food is always GREAT....MM  DDS
2	I do not have good luck at this location.Drove 10 miles from Goodyear to this location in Buckeye to avoid the lunch rush at the Goodyear location that doesn't have ample parking.I arrived at 11:30am and there was no line. Walked right up to the counter and the gal says the usual "what can I get you". I state my usual "chicken burrito please" she heats the tortilla, asks which rice and beans I want and gets to the meat and the chicken is empty. She yells towards the back that they need chicken and some guy comes over and says "we're out of chicken, can I get you something else?" I ask how long the wait is for chicken and he says "a while". I look over the other offerings and choose the steak which wasn't nearly as good as the chicken.What surprised me even more than them being out of chicken right after they opened and before the lunch rush even arrived is the fact that they charged me extra for the steak I was forced to choose since they didn't have chicken.When it was rang up I inquired why I was paying extra for steak when I was only settling for it since they couldn't fill my order for chicken. He then said, "sorry about that, I'll throw in a free drink for the inconvenience" which I took to mean he was correcting his mistake and going to throw in a drink for forcing me to eat the steak when I wanted chicken.I got to me table to eat the burrito and discovered, nope I was still charged extra for the steak but he did give me a free drink.As I said, the chicken is much better than the steak as the steak was a bit too chewy and tough for me in a burrito.I guess I'll have to deal with the crowd at the Goodyear location to satisfy my Chipotle craving.
1	I've been to many chipotles before and I recognize that serving sizes vary, but this was ridiculous!  I had brown rice, they were out of fajita veggies, beans, cheese, corn salsa, medium salsa, and guac.  The problem you might ask?  Each item was scooped up with the ladle and then the ladle was shook until the item was level with the ladle. These are not deep ladles!! So, I spent almost $9 for a drink and a bowl that was LESS than 25% full. There was a lady standing next to the register that seemed to be doing QC and, I can only guess, this must be corporate's idea of a serving. I'm done with chipotle-too many other choices!!
4	Mmmmm Chipotle.The location is clean and organized. The employees are friendly. The food is yummy. The only way they can improve is if the employees had a little more experience. The woman who assisted me and my husband was extremely distracted. She would ask us if we wanted something and then direct her attention elsewhere during our answer, then ask us the same thing again. I'm not sure what the deal was but it was annoying. Besides that our visit was great and the employees were nice.
3	Ok here is a shocker... I went to chipotle for the first time when I was recently in Arizona... talk about unexpected. But it was free and ummm yeah it was this or some other disgusting fast burger/taco joint...Why are there no good taquerias in the greater Phoenix Metropolitan area? WTH! I would riot over that if I lived out there. Thankfully I do not...So yeah back to chip-oat-lay. This place is the subway of burrito places. I doubt the tacos are worth it since they are small and the same price with much less food as the burritos I think... Pro Tip: Ask for stuff on the side, you often get a lil bit more if you do!But back to the burrito... I got a barbacoa meat burrito. Not sure what kinda meat barbacoa is, but it was aight i suppose. It coulda been cat meat for all I know. This joint is absolutely overboard with regards to carbs and thick hunnies wanting to eat here. I think I was the skinniest person there and I dont think I am skinny. The build it up burrito/taco concept is solid and better than some other joints that I have been to. I consider the food fair, but nothing special. Just lots of carbs n meat in a burrito bun =P So yeah, not sure of a reason to go back unless everyone I am with must go here, but otherwise, its all good!
4	Chipotle is good. We visit this restaurant every so often, and two times in the past week. We haven't had any problems. The ingredients are fresh and delicious, which makes Chipotle stand out. The employees here have listened and aren't stingy with the amounts, but also do a good job when you say to add a little of something. I'd certainly rather eat here than the other icky fast food places nearby!
4	So far one of my favorite Chipotle locations in Arizona, the other being on 67th ave and Thomas rd. For the most part the staff is wonderful. I always end up having very funny people help me at check out. It does matter what time you make it at. Usually,  right around 7-8 at night they start getting pretty busy. So their might be some delay. I did wait almost 10-15 in line before being helped, but I left the restaurant super happy. Thanks to their wonderful customer service. The food is very consistent with what Chipotle should be and taste like. I always have their bowls and ask for extra beans or rice (at no extra charge), and have tried all the meats. I especially like the chicken, barbacoa, and Carnitas. The steak is not for me I like mine well done. The chips are never stale as I have bought stale chips from other locations. The amounts given are very good for the price you are paying. If not you can always ask them to put a little more and I am sure they won't charge you extra. You're able to ask for either "double meat" and pay extra (you get two types of meats) or you could ask for "half and half" so you get the portions you would pay for one type of meat at no extra charge. I hope they never change.
3	So overall I am a big fan of Chipotle. I usually go here for a quick bite or after the bars (if open) but this Chipotle didn't quite hit the mark for me. I am very simple in what I order- cheese quesadilla with a side of sour cream and guacamole. Not hard to make. So at this location, there was almost no one there so when we got to the counter, the person that was standing there walked away, turned her back and started talking to someone by the back grill about when she was going to get to take her break. So a different guy had to come up and help us. He was very nice and pleasant. We ordered and my quesadilla went on the warmer to melt the cheese. We moved down to the cashier and right in front of her, I asked for my sides. I had to ask 3 times because the guy that helped us went somewhere else and the other girl was still talking about her break. I also had to remind her about my quesadilla right next to her. She went to get my sides and the cashier looked at me after we paid and made a snide comment about how I should have told her so she could have charged us for those sides when in fact I was standing right in front of her when I asked. And the worst part of the whole experience was the quesadilla. The cheese was only partially melted. And if you have ever had heated but not melted cheese, you know it gets greasy so it look 4 napkins to soak up that grease. On the plus side, my boyfriend got a chicken bowl and really liked it. Maybe they were having a bad day at this location, I'm not sure. I personally don't think this location is indicative of what a Chipotle normally is like.
4	Great food and the staff was extremely friendly and bounced back at me with fun comments as I joked with them.   We got there around 1300 so the lunch rush was over, but the dining room was very clean.  The garbage could have been changed, but aside from that my wife and I had a nice lunch.
1	Every time we go we are more disappointed than the time before,  I believe last night was it for us.  They put about a teaspoon of chicken on my sons tacos and although my husband asked for light sour cream the girl behind the counter proceeded to glob on about a cup on his burrito.  When my husband nicely said that he asked for light she looked up and said "sorry" and proceeded to wrap his burrito.  Couldn't even crack a smile the whole time she helped us, and glared at my husband while we were paying.  Every time we go they put less and less meat in what ever we order, for one reason or another we are disappointed and vow to never go again.  Pretty sure last night we meant it.
5	Really great staff here.  I needed a large order done prior to there opening. They did me a solid and opened a little earlier than they normally do so they could get my order done in time for me. The food was great and my clients couldn't have been happier. Thanks guys and gals working on Oct 22 morning you all rock. I owe you.
2	I give this particular location a 2 star, because of the service. The people aren't friendly and it seems to be poor management. Also the food didn't seem to be as well seasoned as other chipotle. Usually I like chipotle, and so does y boyfriend but if the people aren't friendlier next time we go we will leave, before we purchase. The service almost felt like we were checking out at a run down gas station. However we loved the outdoor seating, we brought out small dog out there to dine with us and it was nice.
