4	I see Dr. Ackerman so my review will be based on her.  There is another Doctor in the office however, Dr. Kessler.  Dr. Ackerman is the primary doctor I believe.  THE DOCTORDr. Ackerman is very young- I'd guess around 30, so I believe the practice is pretty new.  She got her MD in 2007, according to the big fancy diploma on her wall (and from Tulane, for all you private school snobs out there... don't worry, I'm included).  She's nice, professional, but not super warm.  She comes off very businesslike and sort of agressive about treatment so if that turns you off and you want more chit chat and a little more smiling, she probably won't be for you. She's friendly though, so don't get me wrong.  Just not a kindergarten teacher type.   I liked that she didn't waste my time and listened closely to what I had to say and responded with exactly the treatment I had hoped she would.   Also, I mentioned as an aside that I was a runner and she remembered that when prescribing sun-sensitive medication, without having to ask.  Good attention to detail.  THE SERVICESuper efficient and friendly.  The have a very large staff and a large patient volume if the number of people in the waiting room says anything.  They manage it seamlessly, however.  The receptionist was very polite even though I was a flake and managed to be late and forget my insurance card.  She didn't scold and helped me figure it out and got me in and out quickly anyway.  Also, I booked an appointment for a couple of different issues and they resolved them both right away and didn't make me come back a second time and pay more office fees etc.  THE PRICEI have insurance so I have no idea.  However, I included this to note that she put me on a very expensive medication without warning me.  It didn't affect me because I had perscription insurance so I guess that's probably why she didn't say anything.  I would have liked to know though, because my insurance will be changing soon and it may affect me then. THE OFFICEFor those who care about these things with doctors' offices (and I do- if I'm going to be stuck waiting and made uncomfortable, I'd like it to be as pleasant as possible)....    Clean, nicely decorated, newly remodled, new everything.  Comfortable exam rooms that are kept very tidy and hygenic.  Believe it or not, I can't say that about all doctors I've been to in the valley.
5	I am a board certified dermatologist.  That being said, Lindsay is one of the best medical dermatologists I have ever met.  She and Maggie are very dedicated to their patients.  I have bounced treatment plans off of them both and am honored to call them colleagues.  When I left the East Valley for a practice in Glendale, I referred several of my more complex cases to them because I knew they would be well taken care of.  This practice is a model of medical integrity.
5	I was a first time patient today and saw Dr. Kessler.  She and her team were wonderful!  She spent more time with me than any other dermatology office and provider has ever taken.  I felt my examination was thorough and she explained what she was seeing as she was going through my exam.  I would highly recommend her!
