5	Showed up here at 3:30 pm on a Friday. Needless to say, it was packed. Our daughter was only there to get her shots. By the time we finally got out of there, it was after 5:35. What was so awesome was that the Doctor was so nice, and understood that we had waited for quite awhile, that she gave us nine cans of formula. Yes, that is correct. Nine!  Now that is amazing. The staff is nice. The doctors are great. And who can beat that swag? Thanks Doc!
5	I've been taking my children here since they were born! I make all my appointments for the morning because if you don't you will be waiting a long time.  I only see Dr. Hodapp, he always answers all my questions and I never feel like I am being rushed out of the room. I always feel confident when I leave knowing my children got the care that they needed. I can see how some reviews say that the ladies up front can be rude or indifferent. I only had one problem once when I made an appointment and they said I didn't..but the Dr. still saw me anyway.
3	My son has been going to dr hodapp since he was born. He is an amazing doctor! He is very personable, knowledge and friendly. I was so relieved because he was the first doctor we went to and Ive heard people having to try multiple doctors before finding one they liked. HOWEVER his office staff is absolutely horrible. They are so rude and always seem like they are trying to rush you off the phone. I even had one man completley dismiss me and tell me to go to urgent care because dr hodapp was out of town, he didn't even offer me to see another doctor or nurse practitioner that work there. This is so frustrating and discouraging because dr hodapp is so good. I know multiple people who have switched doctors based on his staff alone.
1	I've been with St. Rose pediatrics for over 13 years. I started going to them when they had an office on Pecos. I will no longer go to them due to the long wait and the hard to get appointments. I understand its a busy practice but why does it take over a month to get a well-check visit. The last straw is my last visit I waited over an hour in the cramped waiting room only to be taken back and have another 30 minute wait to see the Doctor.  I have teenagers now so they can wait patiently but I feel sorry for the moms with young toddlers. The nurse/assistant staff is not clean, no one is seen washing their hands and when they took his temperature they pulled out a thermometer from a drawer ran it across his brow and then threw it back in without cleaning it or wiping it off. They should either hire another Doctor or limit new patients. When I noticed that most of the patients on the sign in sheet had medicaid listed for their insurance I understand why they are so busy. I feel waiting for almost 2 hours to see a doctor when you have an appointment is WRONG. I feel rushed every time we have gone in the last few visits and even my kids think the office is dirty. I'm sorry I will be losing a Doctor who has seen my kids since they where infants but since I can never get in to see him I guess it doesn't matter.
1	I don't understand how this office has so many 5-star reviews. We've been taking our kids there for years but I think I'm over it. The wait times are HORRENDOUS. I know that moms will understand, especially toddler and infant moms. When you have a sick child and you schedule an APPOINTMENT, you'd assume that you are going to see your doctor within the hour of the appointment. We've sat in the waiting room for more than an hour on multiple occasions. Of course there are emergencies, pressing issues, etc...but HIRE more staff or please, stop taking new patients. Now - the appointment schedulers? Please be more friendly. On more than one occasion, I've been rushed off the phone. I hate feeling "guilty" about calling in for an appointment. I feel like I'm bothering them,The doctors? Um. Yeah. I won't mention the Dr. by name but he has misdiagnosed my child on SO many occasions that I cannot understand how he is still practicing. He seems jaded, overworked and frustrated by children. He has dismissed my concerns more than once and he has been wrong (based on second opinions). Also - the doctors on staff tend to completely disagree with one another. There is definitely an alarmist female doctor on staff there. Once, I brought my daughter in to see her, didn't feel satisfied, so brought her back the next day only to have a completely opposite diagnosis by the male doctor that we usually see. I'm just no longer comfortable there. It is a factory - not a family practice (in my opinion).
3	Dr. goeble was very informative and performed a thorough physical exam and our baby liked her.  This set of vaccines was not traumatizing for once.  The only thing that was ridiculous was the wait time.  We had a nine o'clock appointment and ended up leaving at 11, I almost thought they had forgotten about me after I saw Dr. goeble.  So I had to step out of the room after an hour to inquire.  One of the problems I'm sure was that the computer system had shut down, but it seemed short staffed and disorganized in the back.  Generally people think they have been forgotten after 10 minutes or less of wait time, so they should have a technician or some one popping in occasionally to let you know what is going on.  I'll be coming back but I have yet to be very satisfied with any pediatrician's office in town.  So far this is a good one mainly because the pediatrician was good.
3	This office is okay, I love Dr. Hodapp but the front office seems to have little knowledge or communication with back office or billing. I was asked my first three visits to pay cash even though I had already given them my insurance information and the billing department was billing my insurance for previous visits. I also hate how the front office has no idea when your next appointment is supposed to be and what services are needed. It just seemed so unorganized. Plus it takes 2 - 3 months to get in with Dr. Hodapp so I switched.
1	GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!This place only gets ONE star from me and that's for the easiness to make a same day appointment and the front desk gal who took my information. Other than that, the DR or NP who my seen my child today gets ZERO!! Im not too sure who it was that actually saw my child because she didn't introduce herself but the name on his RX says DENISE OGLETREE MCGUINN. She has no bedside manners at all!  She did not sanitize her hands when she walked in. She did not ask what is my sons name. she did the quickest checkup EVER which consisted of her listening to his chest and then looking into his ears ONLY. I say, oh he's tired to which she replies, well he doesn't have a job so I don't feel too sorry for him!. B*$%^! She dx my son with an ear infection and then ASKS ME what should she prescribe him because he is allergic to amoxicillin. AGAIN..WTH? She does notice that he has a low grade fever so she says she will look to see if there is a sample ibuprofen in the office so i could administer it to him and that she will bring him a popsicle because he has only been urinating once a day for the past two days and WALKS OUT leaving the door open behind her. Minutes later, the MA walks in with the sealed bottle and says, "the doc circled the dosage in the back" and before I could say anything else, like request for water and a syringe, she walks out and leaves the door open behind her too. Finally the doc walks back in, places his RX on the opposite end of the exam table, and hands me a sealed popsicle and says, I made the RX good for 5 days which supposed to mean what to me??? . I than ask if she could check his throat (he has been coughing and not eating or drinking), which she says...he wouldn't have strep so I don't need to check, the only way he could get it is if someone in the house had it but ill check anyways. she checks. says its a little red. Does the swab test and says she will run a rapid check and walks out again, leaving the door open behind her. And then, minutes after, A DIFFERENT woman walks in, and says, the test is negative, you can go AND WALKS AWAY. and that was it! No patient education given. No signs and symptoms to watch for. NOTHING!!! The least you could do is print something off of mayoclinic.com as if you actually CARE ABOUT MY KID! I'm so irate. Im going to see if I can get my copay back so i can use it to see a REAL DOCTOR!! RUDE RUDE RUDE!!
1	This review is not for any Dr. In particular but for the waiting hours we've spend each and every time we visit St.Rose Pediatrics. Your appointment set hour does not count here. You are going to wait for your turn to see a Dr. minimum an Hour and a half...if lucky. And this is every single time...just ridiculous. We are switching 100%
1	Waited over an hour to see the doctor and I had an appt. Their Cimmaron office is much better.  I'll never come here again.
