5	Hands down the best AAA Ever!  As soon as you walk in you're greeted by a friendly receptionist who is very willing to escort you to the appropriate area of the office for you AAA needs!  Whether going to travel or in need of an insurance quote, this branch is definitely a place to check out!  I wound up getting a membership on one visit and they were able to save me on my home and auto insurance!  Next time I'm getting a window replaced... GOOOO mee!  This place has it all!
3	My parents gave me a membership to AAA in high school or thereabouts, and I have kept it active, even in the day of cell phones, simply because we go in periodically to pick up maps or tourbooks.  You can also get help planning your trip (including cruises and just about anything else you might want to go on), and even score some luggage while you are there.  I think I have probably only used their actual roadside services once in all these years, so otherwise I am not sure that they are worth it.  Discounts on insurance?  I tried, but it did not work for me, though it may for you.But for a relatively low cost each year, you can load up on almost all the maps and touristy information you can carry, all for no additional cost beyond that initial yearly investment, and even better is that a decent number of places (hotels, restaurants and even tourist attractions) offer discounts to card holders.  Naturally, if you do not travel much, it may not really be worth it.As to the location, it is nice enough, but if you do not visit, that does not matter.  It is a bit of a challenge to find if you are not familiar - the "approach road" is "executive circle" (in fact, the insurance is now on the circle, not the main building).  Then there is a little offshoot that takes you to the main office, which is on "aaa drive".  So both are really correct, in a way.  But "aaa drive" should probably be called "aaa driveway" or "aaa parking lot", because there is not much of a road there.
3	I would have given AAA 5 stars many years ago.  Now the service is less, they charge you more, and they spam you in every possible way.  I didn't sign up for it to buy car insurance or get a car loan.  I signed up to have piece of mind if my car breaks down but I get spam in my email, on my cell phone, and via snail mail.  Yes, most car insurance companies offer roadside assistance, but they only cover a certain amount and you typically have to pay first and be reimbursed.  With AAA, there is no money up front.  However, the calls for service used to be unlimited and now it's a maximum of 7 per year per household with AAA Plus.  Also, you can get some great deals when purchasing it for the first time, but they will not offer you a deal to renew it.  You will pay full price unless you go without it for 120 days and sign up again as a new member.The AAA discounts are still good, but in the age of the internet, equal and better deals can often be found online.  They will occasionally have some good promotions with hotels though, so that it is a nice bonus.  I'd still recommend AAA, but will warn you of the spam.  Oh, and don't ever take your car to a AAA repair shop.
1	I bought a car from AAA, Jimmy Galati to be specific. I was happy for about a day, then I noticed that the sun roof was spider webbed cracked throughout. I gave Jimmy a call and he gave me multiple numbers to call to get it fixed. I called several people at this company and kept getting pushed onto another person. I took it to a different AAA center, which I was told to do, and was denied service. This was after wasting an hour of my time just trying to explain the dilemma to these employees because Jimmy never communicated with them. I was told by at least 4 people that are employees with this company, "Don't worry man, we're AAA we will take care of you." After a week of being pushed around from number to number and place to place and not getting calls back I finally got back into contact with Jimmy who then blamed me for the damages on the car and told me that they wouldn't fix it. Would I recommend any service by this company? Not if they were the only dealers in this country. I actually canceled my roadside assistance because of this experience. Please don't do business with anyone from this company. Thank you AAA and Jimmy Galati you guys truly are car salesmen.
5	The two ladies at the front counter are fantastic. Even with multiple customers they had a big smile and made everyone feel special. When it was my turn, I was given their complete attention. They really know their stuff and made my experience very positive. I have enough stress prior to a trip. I was dreading having to make one more decision. They were wonderful
