4	So, I bought a living social coupon back a few months ago for 30 days of unlimited boxing lessons at this gym.  I've wanted to try boxing for a while, and I finally found a deal to try it out.Overall, I liked this gym. It's strictly boxing, with a ring in the center of the gym.  They have quite a few full size punching bags of different sizes, a padded floor and separate bathrooms.  The trainer that trained me was great, really nice, and worked me out doing a bunch of different exercises.They have evening classes here, box fit and MMA style fighting, both in the evening.  Classes seemed to be small in size, and if your a member of this gym, you can come and work out alone, with a trainer or in a class.  The floor is padded, and they have a few extra workout things to help you in your training. Such things as weights, bars, mats and other things as well.Most of my workout was quite intense, at least for me since I'm out of shape. I did a lot of leg excercises, learned how to stand properly, punch and basically learn the basics of boxing.Overall I'm really happy with my experience. The reason I docked a star, is because their parking here stinks!  They are located within a small strip mall, and I had to park around the block on a street in a residential area. Parking is really painfully limited, and that was kind of annoying. I know they don't have much room here, but having to park in front of someone's house made me nervous...I was afraid that they were going to tow my car or something!  They have limited parking out front, but more then likely you will probably have to park on the side street!Overall I'm happy here, and will continue on with my lessons until my coupon expires.  Give them a shot if your serious about getting in shape!
4	I'll start off by saying I absolutely hate burpees. I know one of these days I'm going to face plant hard and bust my teeth out. I just know it.That aside, this was a hell of a work out and it really felt like I was training for that one big fight. I was geared up, wrapped fists, sweat soaked, metal music pumped and feeling a tad bit like Rocky Balboa in one of those dramatic training montages. We were a group of five and our trainer was not only funny but really engaging.  We did a variety of warm up and floor exercises and then took to the bags hard. My shoulders were on fire and my arms felt  ton heavy.  Each of us had a quick one on one with the trainer and my set was left jab, left jab, right jab, right jab, left hook, right hook. I was out of breath but I knew he could see my tiger eyes so he keep pushing me on. We ended our boxing session with cool down then stepped inside the ring for a feelzy, had our picture taken by the owner, unwrapped our fists then called it a session.I'm itching for another go at the bag. I'll be back.Note: This is a true to form boxing gym, hard and gritty so to speak....Don't expect fancy.
5	Let me start off by saying: This place is amazing!!!! Here's why:It's a legit boxing gym.  You learn actual techniques to prepare you for a fight even if that not your objective you will have the skills to do so and get in shape while doing it.The atmosphere is great!  No clicky people, meat heads, or intimidation of any sort.  I was nervous being a female going to a predominately male sport/gym but I found that everyone is really nice and I have actually made several friends and workout partners.At first I thought the parking was going to be an issue but really there are no restricted areas.  Park anywhere.  Really.  I suggest the personal training or buddy training.  The classes are great if you want to meet new people!
5	Proedge Boxing is the gym were all your goals can be met. It offers high level training for fighters and a great workout for those just looking to get in the shape. The staff is very knowledgeable and the atmosphere is very welcoming. If you haven't checked it out, you are missing out!!!
5	Awesome.Try the buddy system, one on one, or a class to start with. Chris will make sure that you are working at the level that you can finish with, which is more than you think it is. You will be exhausted.Not only am I getting way more fit, I am also learning how to box and defend myself, which is great. I feel stronger and more confident. Everyone that I've met there has been really friendly. There are some kids training, women training, lots of men training. Pretty much all sorts of people. Don't be intimidated.
5	This gym is great.   If you don't like  the big "seen and be seen gyms" this is the place for you.  Everyone is down to earth.  The "old dudes" hanging out near the ring are classic. The folks working out always have time for a hello.  It's a true boxing gym.  But, if you're not into boxing you can still get a crazy good work out.  The owner is a task master don't let his easy disposition fool you.  He will make you work.  No matter how much you hate burpees, he'll wait you out until you're done with them. The Saturday morning boot camps are insane and may have you begging for mercy.
5	I'm addicted!!! What I thought was going to be a few weeks of training has turned into months, because I'm obsessed with the quick results. I stopped wasting my time and dollar bills at LA Fitness. Highly recommend!
5	First off, I have NEVER done this type of work out in my life. I did kickboxing for a short while, but that seems like a piece of cake now compared to this.I have been training with Chris and in a short time, I am noticing my body becoming more conditioned. I am actually ENJOYING each workout---- I am finally doing a workout that's not mundane. Chris is a fantastic trainer and is helping me to push myself which I never do on my own during workouts.If you are looking for a gym and people to help you achieve your goals and want to truly enjoy working your body hard and see results, absolutely go to Pro Edge.
5	I have been looking for something to challenge myself in the fitness department--not only because I have been at a plateau with my weight loss for awhile but also because running on the treadmill and doing the same weight lifting has become BORING! So after hearing great things about Pro Edge Boxing I finally gave it a shot and tried their newest class called "Blackout Boxing"! My fears of intimidation and feeling like I would be the only female there were put to ease the moment I walked in!  After the first class I new this was exactly what I had been looking for. It was a challenge, a great workout and super fun! After only 2 classes I finally saw the scale move and realized this is exactly what I needed.  The atmosphere is great, everyone is super friendly and most importantly I am looking forward to working out again! I absolutely LOVE this place! P.S. Blackout Boxing is a MUST!!!! Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7:30 pm.
5	AmazingI've been going here for a couple of months and I love it. I don't leave without being soaking wet! The trainers are very helpful and they work with your pace . I'm so happy I found a comfortable place to work out. I will keep going here until I'm skin and bones! Thank you Pro Edge Boxing!
5	The price is fair and the coaches/people there are wonderful. I started sparring and people there were really helpful in teaching me. Also, they got enough equipment there for all your needs (even lifting weights).
5	Pro Edge Boxing is great! I've been coming here 2-3 times a week for about 6 months now. Chris will put you through a great work out and really knows how to push you to reach your potential. Individual workouts, small groups, and the Blackout Boxing classes are all great, full body workouts and I love every minute of it! Chris is very accommodating and will do his best to work with your schedule if you have trouble meeting one of his normal class times. I've already brought many friends and coworkers to try it out and everyone comes back when they can. I highly recommend trying it out!
5	I've been boxing in the Valley for years now. I've been to most of the gyms around here and can confidently say this is by far the best in town. The pricing is really fair, cheap open gym and affordable one on ones. Chris and his Dad are awesome. Both are great trainers with fun personalities. Everyone that comes to this gym are super friendly and humble, even the pros. You can pick up sparring matches pretty much everyday, and they won't whoop your ass unless you're asking for it. I've finally settled in to a boxing gym where I feel real comfortable and am not dropping $300 a month. Thanks boys.  Keep up the good work.
5	Pro Edge is the best boxing gym in the valley. The trainers have years of experience. I have been with Pro Edge for awhile and they have been nothing short of amazing. There is every type of boxers at the gym from beginner to pro and lots of fitness oriented women that love it also. It is not a gym it is family!
5	I attend one of the morning group classes and Chris is fantastic at managing my workout needs. The class will usually do warm-ups as group, maybe some group drills, but then he often segments everyone out based on our focus. I am constantly impressed with how well he remembers everyone's needs. While Chris may arrive late to a few classes every now and again the instances are rare and he communicates with everyone in the class directly via text messages so we can make the most out of my morning workout, or snooze button.
4	I have been coming to this place just over 2mo hence why I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5.  I have been to many gyms in the area and this one by far keeps me the most "on my toes".  The workout is quick under 1hr but very hard.  Compared to all group fitness classes spin, bootcamp, OTF, crossfit this one is a step above.  The staff make all modifications necessary so you can get the best workout for you.  As far as location easy access from highway or Indian School local road.  No frills as far as actual gym but it has what you need the best coaches to help you meet your goals!!!  This place is by far a diamond in the ruff :)
5	I started going to Pro Edge Boxing about five months ago to get lose some weight. I wanted a different and challenging workout opposed to doing cardio by myself at a typical gym. Chris and his dad are both helpful and motivating trainers. Every workout has been both challenging and fun. Not only have I lost weight, but I am much stronger! I do the personal training twice a week, but the classes are also very effective. My favorite is Blackout Boxing, which is on Tuesday and Thursday nights. Everyone is welcoming and friendly at Pro Edge, I definitely recommend it!
5	Literally as good as it gets! I've been wanting to jumpstart my fitness and was looking for a different way to do so other than going to a regular gym where I felt intimidated and lost.  A friend recommended me to Chris at Pro Edge a few months ago and I've been hooked. I always attend Blackout Boxing and it absolutely is the best workout I give myself. Although it's a group class, Chris makes you feel like its one on one giving each of us individual attention to help correct our form or to be that voice to tell you that you can do this! Chris' success is your success. Everyone is helpful, motivational and its just an all around fun, welcoming environment. He knows exactly what to do to push you, and shows you that you can go beyond your limits. I've also done buddy training which was killer! I survive each time and always walk out of that place wanting more and knowing results are on its way. I highly recommend Pro Edge if you are looking for a boxing gym where you not only get an awesome workout, but a place where you have a fit fam to encourage your goals and take you to the next level every time.
5	This is a great place to train and get some motivation! My first visit here, Chris shared some of the benefits the gym offered and the prices. So I came back for a one-on-one session and had an awesome workout. The gym is small but spaciously organized to make the best use. They do a good job of taking the time to learn about you and then putting you through the training to help you achieve your goal - whether that means being competitive or fitness. This gym is not about the dazzle and the hype. They have principles of motivation, hard training, and focus. It's a lifestyle and they believe in taking you as far as you want to go.
5	I wanted a different kind of workout, found this place on Yelp and have always been interested in trying boxing.  I have belonged to different health clubs and done boot camp workouts as well so was looking to change it up.  My friend and I went in on a Monday and were welcomed by the owner, Chris.  He worked with us in a buddy session and tailored the workout to our fitness levels.  We have been going for 2 months now and he has kicked up the workouts as our fitness levels improve.  I was very nervous walking into the gym the first time but was greeted by Chris and many other patrons so warmly.  Everyone has made my friend and I feel very comfortable.  I highly recommend this place if you want a fun, different and challenging workout that is also very reasonably priced.  You will see results - thanks Pro Edge Boxing!
5	Boxing has been my go-to physical fitness activity since 2004 and I've boxed at gyms in various places (Ukraine, New York and now Phoenix).  That said, Pro Edge is my favorite boxing gym of the bunch.  Chris runs his business both professionally and with a personal touch.  At other gyms, there were restrictive cancellations policies, restrictive late policies, and restrictive policies on your number of sessions.  Not here.  Chris is flexible, works with you, and understands that unexpected things happen.Additionally, Chris and his father run this place like a family business.  My son, who is currently 16 months old, is treated like royalty.  I can't go more than one class without being asked, "Where's the champ?" in relation to my son.  I think they're waiting to train him!
5	Bought my 13 year old son to Chris 2 months ago, being a Personal Trainer for 20 years, it is easy for me to spot a Pro and a person just taking your money. Chris is a Professional that cares about his clients. I wouldn't hesitate to send any of my clients to him. Great person!
