5	Hidden gem of Chinese food in the valley.  This place is very good.  It has all the favorite Chinese dishes plus many not common dishes.  Such as their specialty of BOBO chicken which is basically a fried chicken in garlic sauce.  The prices are the best on average a combo meal for dinner is about 6.25 and that is as of today.  It is a family ran business and they all work there.  The food is served fresh to order every time.  The egg drop soup is the best by far when compared to other Chinese places.  If you want to go out of the box and try something good at a very good price and have great service go here.  My favorites from this restaurant areBobo ChickenMandarin Chicken (awesome)General TSO chickenYakisoba Egg RollsChicken WingsThe address can be kind of confusing but it is really easy to get here its right off of grand avenue  and 87th ave right next to a big lots.
5	This place is great. A real hidden gem as someone else said. This place is run by the chef and and his wife.  Great service, great food at even better prices.The egg drop soup is indeed the best here and I still haven't had better since moving to San Francisco.
3	Atmosphere: It is a dingy little place. No more than 400 square feet of slightly cramped booths. The ambiance is that of a hole in the wall, family run business. This is nothing new to those of us who enjoy the benefits that come with smaller, family run eateries but I did desire a little bit more.Food: My Mongolian Beef was very good. The texture was right, the sauce was tasty.. a bit sweet but tasty none the less. The portion size was good but not gigantic as some others have said. Where it fell short was in its spiciness. I asked for extra spicy and it still had less spice than any dish topped with hot salsa. My girlfriend ordered the Garlic Chicken (Bo Bo Chicken) I think it was called. It had a good texture, but lacked in the "garlic" part that was expected. The fried and breaded chicken chunks were placed on top of a thin layer of the garlic sauce which was weak.Service: Outstanding! The lady running the operation was attentive to the point of predicting our needs.Summary: I will try them again because I just have a feeling that my experience was sub par. I do not think a place with such great service can be so lacking in their actual product.
4	Good lunch specials. Small clean dine in area, friendly server was helpful with my wife's restricted diet.  We were pleased and will return for more. Very notable was the soup, delicious.
4	Good food excellent service.  Egg drop soup was well done and didn't taste like it was made from a package like some places.  General Tso's chicken like said by others had no spice but was tasty and well prepared.  Fried rice was cooked well.  I wasn't impressed by the crab rangoon as I'm usually very critical on that dish as I cook my own Chinese food and normally avoid anything I make myself on a regular basis .  Dine in area was very small but clean and staff was friendly.  Much better than going to a big box like panda express.  Worth a look if your in the area and want to try something new.
4	The restaurant is in a small mini-mall.  It's a small restaurant with only a few tables.  Seems they do more take out than dine in.  My friend and I ordered the pepper stake and curry chicken.  The food was very good; tasty and mild.  It was also very inexpensive.  I wouldn't rave about the food as some have but it was good enough that I recommend it and would return.
1	Won over by the reviews, I decided to try this place for dinner and am incredibly disappointed.  I like to keep bad reviews short and concise, so...-Had the orange chicken and "crab angels"-Strips of odd color chicken that had the texture of beef jerky and even covered in the sauce did not taste like anything.  Honestly, it was a little strange, really like, nothing.-Crab angels were under cooked and very bland.-Rice, old and, just old.Yep, never again.
4	Excellent!  I was very surprised that the fried rice was like a meal itself.  There were actual slices of meat on top.  Wow.Plenty of food- had a ton of leftovers.
2	The first time I went here I would have given this place 4 stars. It was really good.  I was getting my tires rotated at Discount Tire up the block and tracked this place down on yelp and with the good reviews I was down for a nice lunch.  The meal was delicious and less than $5.  Fast forward to today.  I went in and the guy taking my order said that if I wanted to substitute hot and sour soup for egg drop, I would just have to pay full price.  In that case bring out the free soup which will just sit there.  For a friend, I ordered the General Tso's Chicken and asked if noodles could be substituted for rice.  He told me that wasn't possible even if I paid an upcharge?!!?  Come on buddy, you own the place, go back there and cook some noodles instead of rice and trying making a customer happy.  Anyway, after all of that, the food wasn't nearly as good this time as it was last time.  Last time the Mongolian Beef was crispy on the outside and soft and delicious on the inside.  This time it seemed pretty bland.  I will give this place another chance, but I won't crave this place as much as since the first time.
1	Meh. Not that great. I got the sesame chicken lunch combo and totally regret it. The egg roll tasted like it was previously frozen & lacked flavor. The chicken was way too salty and the rice was edible but nothing special.
4	Very good, quick, kind service! The $9 combo is pretty typical for all of the food you get. The Mongolian beef was a tad salty but still above average. I'd definitely go here again!
4	Fast and friendly service. The lunch combos are reasonably priced and decent size portions. The first time I went I ordered the Bo Bo chicken and was disappointed. The chicken was kind of tough and I did not care for the seasoning.  I probably would not have gone back if my friend didn't like the place so much. The second time I went I ordered the Happy Family lunch combo and it was very good. Lots of fresh tasting vegetables, good sauce, beef, chicken, and shrimp with egg fried rice and a spring roll. Other than the Bo Bo chicken I've liked everything I've tried there.  A solid choice.
4	When we got there we almost left because the outside is kinda unappealing. But we are glad we went in because it was nice and clean and the woman who helped us was super nice .We ordered Sesame Chicken, House lo mein and orange chicken. The Sesame chicken we ordered spicy, and it was delicious ! We took the food back to our hotel and had so many leftovers that we offered them to housekeeping who gladly accepted them.I would recommend this hole in the wall to anyone that wants an inexpensive Chinese meal in Peoria!
1	If I could give this less than a star a would. It was disgusting. Everything was stale and cold, the egg rolls were hard as a rock and the vegetables were slimy. The only thing decent was the service. We asked for our money back and they drove back to give it to us which was very nice.
5	This place is excellent. I first decided to give it a try after recently moving to this side of town and really wanting some take-out Chinese. I did a quick yelp search, and this place looked the most promising out of the nearby options. I've been back 4 times since, and have never been disappointed. Their Kung Pao chicken is delicious. I've also had the Orange chicken (it's great- just the right amount of fried, and not overly breaded like at some places). My husband has had the beef with black bean sauce, and the curry chicken. I liked both, but their black bean sauce is definitely the better of the two. If you go in person (and don't get delivery), the combo meal comes with an egg drop soup that is simply amazing. I'm a huge fan of this place, and will definitely be back. We keep meaning to go for lunch (since their lunch prices are such a deal!) but keep missing it. Even going at 3:30 in the afternoon on a weekday, after the lunch menu ends, there were other patrons and several phone calls placing orders for delivery. It's obviously a local favorite. Do yourself a favor and check it out.
