2	Hmmm.....I'm not sure how someone thinks everything is so fresh and new looking - because I'm not too impressed with this gym.  I will tell you though, it's never crowded!  I joined because of the pool (which I have yet to use).  The women's locker room is bare boned compared to other gyms in the area I've been to, with signs all over about not leaving your valuables unlocked.  Sounds safe, right?  I haven't used too many weight machines but the cardio ones are decent, although some seem worn down and several are usually broken at any given time.  There are hardly any group exercise classes offered, so I haven't had a chance to try those out either.  The staff is pretty friendly, and there is usually a decent selection of magazines available....so there are your two stars.  I can't imagine being a member here for long.
3	late night gymingit's cardio time!late night workoutgotta gym it tonight!gotta gym it tonight and tomorrow!trying out a new gymYea those are my daily tips. LOL. anywho in terms of ranks this gym is spicy. Yes there are eye candy but this is my go to gym since it's by my place. Reason I enjoy this location other than it being close to where I live is that the joys of 24 hour fitness allows me to workout late at night without the excuse that the gym closed for the day. it's open 24 hrs mon-th and 5a - 9p fri-sun. I like that it's generally dead. One thing I wish is they maintained their cardio machines more often since there are some that are just not operable. =( But the overall experience is fine, it looks alright as a gym, way better than the 24 hour fitness on Baseline in Tempe and 10x better than the Gilbert one on Val Vista.
4	I lived in Chandler for almost two years and used this gym almost daily.  It is never that crowded, even on a Saturday morning or a later afternoon gym run. The machines sometimes aren't all working, but there is a maintenance guy there often. I like how the cycles are available in the empty aerobics room if there isn't a class going on.  The weights and weight machines are pretty decent and again, not that crowded most of the time.  The staff at this location are the friendliest (IMO) among the other 24 Hour Fitness locations in the valley. The front desk people are always saying hello and the manager is friendly too.  Many of the Group X classes are a lot fun. I miss when the true yogi yoga instructor taught there. Her classes were amazing.  Some of the personal trainers I would never ask to purchase sessions from. One of them walks like he is too cool for school and I attended a boot camp led by some of the male trainers, and it became a competition between two of them on who could do ladders the fastest.  The female trainers and some of the male trainers look competent and their training sessions don't look so cookie-cutter-like, as the rest of the trainers. The location of this gym is not in the best area of the city, although decent. When I used to go here, I'd buy groceries at the WalMart there after.
4	Yes, I've been to better, but as far as convenience (close to home) the safety of it being a national chain (World Gym, Coyote and whatever they tried to start up on McQueen/Pecos have all failed and closed) and the friendliness of the staff are a huge plus.I was a member of the aforementioned World/Coyote gym and it was nice, because most people went to their other location on Val Vista/Williams Field.  But they closed it abruptly, and the writing was on the wall.  I was on month-to-month so it didn't matter to me, but I feel bad for those who were stuck in a contract.I went shopping for gyms close to work and close to home.  LA Fitness had too many people there to B.S. instead of workout.  Their prices were outrageous and the staff seemed like they were there only to bang the clientele. Female clientele anyways (although the dude with the spiky hair could have been....)Pure Fitness was too far away, and Lifetime charges an arm and a leg. And I'm single, no family.So, I went to 24 Hour and they were able to accomodate me with a month-to-month contract and the facility is nice.  Most of the people who work out there seem to mind their own business and are there to work out.  Not much B.S.-ing going on, so you can easily find a machine/bench to go to right away, and most people are wiling to share between sets with you.It isn't crowded, and I haven't used the pool either, but all in all, I like the place.
2	I am a member of another gym which I frequent for most of my work-outs but I needed a pool, too so I got a membership here, as well. The pool is good, it's kept at a cooler temperature, which is nice (gets your more ready for open water swims in events) and it's not crowded. Overall, the gym layout is odd and wending your way through the mess of cardio machines to get to the locker rooms is a little bit tough. The locker rooms are eh. They aren't very nice and are very basic, but that's fine since I don't spend much time in there anyway. Their class schedule, which I have reviewed but don't intend to use is very sparse! My other gym has over a dozen classes a day but this place has a dozen in a week. However, for convenience of a morning swim on my way to work, it is fine. Though it's not top notch by any stretch and I have had to avoid a cleaning crew vacuuming around my treadmill which was a little annoying for what it is, it's fine. And the prices are decent.
4	I have been a member of this gym for about three months now, and while it may not be the fanciest gym I have ever been to, it serves the purpose it was designed for. To give you the best workout you can give yourself.The cardio machines are all decent. Some of them don't work all of the time, but there are a large enough number of them that this usually isn't a problem. You can just hop on the one next to it. There are all of the usual machines: treadmills, ellipticals, stair masters, bikes, etc. Depending on what time of the day I come I usually don't have an issue finding a vacant machine.There are a large variety of weight training machines that my husband mostly uses. Free weights as well. I don't use them as much but my husband is satisfied by them. There are also a number of different ab machines that I use from time to time. I like those the most. The locker rooms are pretty bare but I only ever use the lockers. You have to bring your own locks. They also lead right into the pool area so you don't have to go walking around the gym in your bathing suit which is nice. I mostly joined this gym because I wanted to have access to the pool. It is a standard lap pool with three lanes. I like that there are hardly ever any people in it, no matter what time we come here. There is also a sauna and a steam room in this area along with a whirlpool. I always see a lot of people using these, and I have been in them as well on occasion. The staff are all friendly but there always seems to be somebody different at the front desk every time we come in. The most crowded times of the day to come are between 4 and 7 PM. After that there are hardly any people in here, which is when I like to come. But even when its busy people don't bother you. I never feel like I'm being watched in this gym like I have in other gyms I have been to. I am satisfied with the services this gym has for me, and I can see myself being a member for a long time.
2	A long time ago, I signed up for 24 hour fitness on a deal that requires me to pay only $50 a year. If it wasn't for that ridicuoulsy low price, I would have switched gyms a long time ago. It is not so much this particular location, as it is all of the locations I have been to in AZ.I first signed up in Las Vegas when I was a teenager, and later moved to Southern California. The Vegas locations are much nicer than AZ, and the So Cal locations are even better. The equpment is of lower quality, and as far as the facilities themselves are concerned the AZ locations are for lack of better word, dumpy and smelly. My husband recently switched to LA Fitness, and although the facilities themselves are smaller, they have much more of a health club feel, and are better cared for. I decided to give up paying $4.16/month to pay $30/month at LA....
4	Ive trained at a lot of gyms over the years and for the money im extreamly satisfied with this chandler location.  At first i was a little concerned with the location as its kind of on the edge of the ghetto but all in all it feels safe and they keep it clean.  It never really tends to get overly crowded other than from 5-7 mon-thru.  I switched from LA Fitness as i had been a member there for 15 plus years from growing up in So Calif.  Costco has 2 year membership for $299!!!
2	This gym has newer equipment than LA fitness, which is what drew me. Sadly, the gliders not only don't measure your heart rate, one of the few burned out lights is over them and it is quite dark, so you cannot even read while using them.  The management pretends to care that the zumba classes are not actually zumba, but after they did nothing about it and 2 instructors had some sort of other dance class in place of scheduled zumba, that was it for me.  When I called ti give my 30d cancellation, I also informed them why. Within that 30d, the lights still were never fixed.  It also is not really 24h. They close at 9 on Fridays. Having kids, sometimes it is hard to get to the gym during kids'  klub hours, so you go when you can; unfortunately for me, I got there at 830pm thinking I had plenty of time to get a good workout and not worry about the time.
4	Clean and not too crowded. Good little joint to get your fitness on!
2	I've once again made this location my primary gym over the Riverview location since I have started working out in the mornings prior to work. The last time I reviewed this place, most of the cardio machines worked as they should have but that was more than a year ago. Amazingly that's all it takes, a year, for everything to turn for the worst. It seems at this location, I end up having to play treadmill roulette except in this version, no one dies. My workout routine consists of cardio first thing followed by heavy strength training. Here, despite having a large number of treadmills and ellipticals in reality there are far less than one can see. How so? Because in treadmill roulette, you end up getting on a machine and hope for the best. It usually entails getting on one treadmill, the closest to the entrance, step on it, check the digi pad and find out it doesn't work. it's the treadmill shuffle too, and here are the steps: get on machine, check out pad, it doesn't work, step to the right, get on machine check out pad, it doesn't work, repeat... and once you find a working machine... cardio it up with some pizazz, HU HAH! jazz hands and spirit fingers! Yea, that's my main complaint, all the free weights and machine weights are fine but everything else is a MEH. What I pay in dues makes me wonder why machines are so hard to be repaired and upgraded at this facility, heck the YMCA for the most part has more working cardio machines than here, so what gives, corporate 24 hour fitness?! get back to me. Thanks! Overall though my two stars are to the free weights, machine weights and their morning staff. =)
3	Not a bad gym. Some employees were unfriendly but aside from that, I found that it was a good place to get my work out in.
4	It is not expensive and it has most of the equipment for working out. Yes it may not look brand new but it works for me. Also has a pool for all you fishies!
4	overall good, the Tempe location is my favorite though. I like the setup better and two stories.
4	This is the club that I joined at, but I moved away 6 years ago, so I'm rarely here.  It's much newer than Tempe, so the equipment is up to date.  Rush hours are a pain, so if you can, try to go at off peak hours.  Only complaint is the water from the drinking fountains.  Chandler water is funky and has a moldy taste to it, so bring a full water bottle and don't refill at the club, buy another from the vending machine if you run out.
1	Let me get this straight, I am a fair minded and reasonable adult, I don't go out of my way to purposely slam and talk down about a business unless they REALLY have it coming. 24 Hour Fitness had it coming.Long story short, I was a member at this Chandler location for a year and a half, and when I chose to cancel out of personal reasons and my displeasure with the club I went through the regular cancellation process. This process means walking in, sitting down, telling them you're done, and they release you and cancel your membership right? I thought so too. So there I am 4 months later really digging into the bank account that this membership was on, looking at my activity, and I have been charged every month since November. How can this be when I cancelled in person and had a staff member cancel my membership? After getting corporate on the phone, they tell me that not only am I STILL A MEMBER, they have no record of me cancelling or even making contact about it. I tell them my story and give them a very deserving earful. Finally, this call center worker tells me "okay, we can get that cancelled right now and refund that money", you bet you will refund that money! You will do it right now!  $120 stolen from me over 4 months...And why? Because some employee working there, some front end sales guy, never actually cancelled my membership when I was sitting down with him asking to cancel it. He was smiling in my face as he lied to me about the membership being cancelled. Oh yeah, I'm sure he just "forgot" to press a few buttons or sign a few forms. They know what they are doing, they will do anything to steal from you and find a loophole, hoping you're too stupid and blind to ever notice. Do yourself a favor, NEVER do business with 24 Hour Fitness, or any large gym for that matter. Work out at home, at the park, or at some tiny mom and pop business, these giant gym chains are thieves, plain and simple.Let me also mention this, last summer in 2012 the A/C broke in this gym, and it wasn't fixed...not once. They gave all the club members a bunch of heave-ho about "oh, we're fixing it, we're working on it." The A/C stayed broken all the way through November when I cancelled. The gym smelled like a bag of dirty socks and it was at least 90 degrees in there, talk about a bad environment to work out in.This place is a disaster zone, I urge anyone who wants to keep their money to stay away. Plus the equipment is usually broken and they don't fix their A/C...put that together and you have a shabby place of business. 1 out of 5, and that is being GENEROUS.
1	Been a member there for 2.5 years.  They can't seem to hold onto staff at all.  I think I've met a dozen different managers & rarely see the same people working there for over a month.  As my membership expired some punk kid tried denying me entry.  I pay for at least 12 months at a time.  Even though I've brought countless visitors & some whom have even signed up for FREE days or weeks in the past.  This high school kid wouldn't let me work out ONE day, as I didn't have my credit card with me...Oh, and they are not 24 hours.
4	This is an excellent 24hr fitness. I am an avid fitness and exercise enthusiast with former experience in the industry. I am visiting from my home club in Orange County, CA and was very pleased with the facilities and equipment here. I was particularly impressed with the customer service of the staff. On my first visit I met Erica, one of the personal trainers. She was very welcoming, friendly, and knowledgeable particularly regarding training programs for both figure and body building competitions. I would highly recommend Erica to anyone looking to kick start or augment their current workout program with fresh new ideas!
4	I'm no fitness enthusiast, but have been on a journey to change my habits for the last year and have done well at it so far, I am down 40 pounds in 2013, and continuing my journey in 2014.  My boyfriend and I joined 24 hour together, so that we could work out together.  He used to be a personal trainer, so lucky me because I get to get his expertise at the gym.  We checked out several gyms in the area and it came down to Fitness Works and 24 Hour Fitness.  We skipped out on Fitness Works (even though it was a little cheaper) because his ex works out there, and she is just a nightmare, and a jealous b.  So anyways, that brings me to 24 hour, we chose them because they literally had EVERYTHING we were both looking for in a gym.  They were extremely friendly when it came to signing up, we pay about $30 a month with no sign up fee.  I have all club access my lover does not.  24 hour offers a full length lap pool, hot tub, steam room, sauna, SEVERAL stair masters, elliptical, treadmills and bikes, a jumbo tire for flipping, ropes, kettle bells, free weights, jump ropes, weight machines, so umm basically EVERYTHING :) The staff has been friendly, the gym and locker room is clean, at least on the ladies side, can't speak for the mens locker room, its well lit, nothing really seems to be broken, they have several tvs to watch during cardio, and I would recommend this gym to anyone. Its not too busy, but I have been there at 530am and on the weekends.  Even being the beginning of the year, Everything I have wanted to use is available with no wait time. Happy Working Out! :)
4	Really enjoying my membership with 24 hour fitness. They have a good amount of equipment, clean locker rooms and friendly staff. Never have had any issues and I've been a member for a year almost. My only complaint if I had to have one would be to replace/repair some of the cardio machines. They work fine, but some seem to be a little more worn in then others. I've also done their personal training and have been enjoying the one on one coaching and motivation/accountability they give. This gym works well for me!
4	Clean gym. They have cleaning supplies to teach members to clean machines after use.Members and staff put weights back. Clean. My only questionable and very minor opinion is; shouldn't personal trainers be inspirational? Meaning at least look like they workout themselves? Just saying...
3	I've been coming to this gym for about 4 months. It's clean and the staff always makes sure to give you a warm greeting. This gym supplies a good array of equipment but a few things must be known that have ultimately given me reason to look around for other gyms again. The cardio equipment is in desperate need of updating or replacing. On top of that they haven't even programmed them to give you a tailored workout that is common on cardio machines (hill climb, far loss, etc.). That and there is only one squat rack, one smith machine, and a leg press or two. I'd really like to see more of those so people don't have to wait so long to jump on. You'll be able to get the job done here, and if they are wise, I'm sure we'll be seeing an update soon.
4	Good gym, never ever packed with very many people. I just wish they had a few more machines for lower back.
2	This gym is rediculous! I was spoiled before moving to Arizona and had a gym membership in a super sport. They had the most up to date equipment and had classes at all hours. This gym has machines that are always falling apart and their group x classes are directed toward house wives that don't have daytime jobs, unless you want to do Zumba or yoga!
4	What a nice place. Love their hot sauna roomI will be back.
