5	First off im a huge fan of the show and had to see all the cool antiques in the shop.They are located just a few minutes from the strip. Everybody you see on tv are all there and working on projects.Bretly gave us a tour of the shop and a play by play of every work station.The whole cast took time to wave and say hi .If you like the show and your in vegas its a must see!
5	Fame ruins people!    But so far not these people!    Of course we did the tourist thing and went there on our trip to Vegas.    Didn't know what to expect.   I guess I thought I would see a  lot of people I didn't recognize doing some restorations and if by chance I did see any of the people who we feel are our close friends from TV they would be out front signing autographs  or avoiding us altogether-ceretainly not working on people's projects!   100% wrong!    They were a bunch of hard working guys who seemed to be having a lot of fun with their jobs.   Everyone was dirty and dusty and doing their thing.     Our tour guide was Brenly (sp??) and we met Rick, Tyler and Cowboy.   All seemed perfectly in characture as to how you might see them on the show--all very nice.   We were so surprised to see so many of the TV projects for sale in the showroom.    We were told on the tour that they try to make two of every TV project because people want to buy them.... anybody need a surfboard powered by a gas engine--only $8500!  Or a turquois refrigerator?  I hope that over time fame doesn't change this place--or these people.
5	Very cool and guys are still down to earth.  Was able to watch the guys filming an up coming show and get a tour of the shop.
4	We enjoyed our visit to Rick's. Our tour was conducted by Brett. We met Alex and Bretley. It's a small, humble place (on the inside) which was nice because Rick it proves that he is still operating his business without going all 'hollywood' on us! He is still accepting jobs from the public but there is a 9-12 month wait list! Guess it's worth the wait if you're looking to have a piece done by Rick!
4	2012 Review #164:I don't really care one iota about Rick, or his family, or his TV show, or any of it really. I don't mean that in a mean way, I've just never seen the shoe and it's not my type of thing, so, coming here didn't really have a lot of value to me. However, I am glad I stopped in. This is a relatively new space, which is housed in a private, if somewhat difficulty-accessed parking lot, and the exterior of the buildings is made to look like a town. When you enter, you can either go into a gift shop, which sells items signed by members of the show (such as $5 coffee mugs and $18 hats), or you can go to the left and go to the show room. This has some of their restored items on display, which are also for sale in most cases. Every 10-15 minutes, a staff member will offer a free tour to anyone who's interested. The tour just goes around the shop floor. This new space has been well-designed to accommodate the tours; the rooms where staff are working have windows so they can continue working and you can see the action. Throughout the shop are items that you can purchase for restoration. It was difficult to tell if the price on the items was to both purchase and restore the item, or just purchase it. They have some nice post-restoration items that haven't been seen on the show yet, waiting for shipment. The one drawback is that the shop floor smells extremely strongly of fumes, chemicals, paint, etc. Yes, you'd expect a shop to smell like that, but it was so strong it really made me worry about the safety of the space, for the workers who were not wearing masks. This isn't very accessible if you don't have a car, but if you want some nice off-the-strip wandering, this is a fun option. It's free to visit, park, and ogle, and the staff members from the show will come out and take pictures with you. A nice alternative to the typical Vegas activities.
5	Big fan of the show. It's a blast to get to see the shop that I watch every week. The restorations look far better in person. Cool to see the bone yard. Tyler welcomed us. Very nice! He did not rush us taking pictures. If you're a fan and happen to stop in Vegas, you gotta stop by.
5	As a tour guide I am at Rick's several times a week and this is the best stop on our tour of the shops associated with Pawn Stars.. Generally there is someone from the show there to say hello and to take a picture as well as sign autographs...
5	My 84 year old dad's a big fan of Pawn Stars and was looking forward to seeing the shop as a highlight of our Las Vegas trip.  On Thursday at noon, we saw 100+ people waiting in the blazing heat to get in.  So we asked the cab driver to take us to Rick's Restorations which is about 5 minutes away..As we stepped out of the cab in the uncrowded parking lot, Ron walked by and said a friendly hello.  We went into the well marked visitor's door into a mini showroom.  It had great examples of restored work that look even better in person than on an HDTV.  Kelly pointed us to an 8-minute tour, led by Kowboy, that was just starting in the observation room to the left.  We joined.  This room had more restored pieces and big windows to see into the various workshops.  Kowboy explained what was going on in each.  There were only 8 people on our side of the glass so it was easy to see the work actually being done.Kowboy thanked everyone for visiting and for  their support in making the family business hugely successful.  Then we exited back into the showroom which is attached to a gift shop.  I got an "I've Been Restored," t-shirt.  Both of us were glad to have made the trip.  It's rare for me to have such respect and positive regard for a company & its people.  These guys do everything right.  When conditions permit a big restored item to fit into my life, I know where I'll go to get it.
5	My family & I were visiting Vegas this past weekend for Super Bowl & decided to check out Rick's Restorations. They are SO nice and welcoming. We were given a free tour, saw guys from the show working hard at restorations. But they gladly said hi. The tour guy thanked us so much for watching the show & at the end of the tour Rick was available for autographs and pictures. He was also very friendly. Best part of the whole Vegas trip
5	We fit in a visit to Rick's Restorations while on vacation in Vegas recently. We were on foot so we took the Express bus towards downtown and then jumped off at the Stratosphere bus stop and then hoofed it 6 or 7 blocks down the street to visit the shop. There are several antique shops along the way so be sure to check them out and this will help you get out of the heat.  Each antique shop had it's different flavor of old merchandise and retro pieces so they are definitely worth checking out as you head to Rick's.We arrived at Ricks around 3:45pm to smiling friendly faces and a roomy gift shop and lots of restored stuff all around. The shop tour that was about to get started so we lucked out. Ricks and Kelly's daughter Ally lead the tour. She lead us through the shop where we were able to glimpse inside each work area through large windows where shop workers were visible working on various pieces. (machine shop, electrical shop etc) One window had Kowboy's self extracted tooth and vise-grips displayed in a small shadow box as custom made by Kowboy for all to see. Ouch! Ally did a nice job with the tour and fielded subsequent questions and seemed to be a tad bit green to all this tourist traffic TV fame stuff.The showroom was packed full of cool vintage coin-op machines of all types from gas pumps, juke boxes, surfboards, bikes, apple peelers, pencil machines and various vending machines and lots more.  The tour was interesting even though most of the employees were gone for the day. We got wind of the custom Rumunator refrigerator that Rick's did for Sammy Haggar which is yet to air. The gift shop was well stocked with many cool shirts including Rick's cut off sleeve denim muscle shirt and some his and her shirts.  Also saw shot glasses and bandana's etc. The prices were very affordable overall. Ally's cousins working the gift shop were very friendly and I must also say... cute.The openly friendly environment at Rick's was refreshing compared to the Gold and Silver Pawn shop where the guys hide in the back and stay away from the fans. Lets hope Ricks Restorations stays fresh, down to earth and fun like it is now.We scored a nice T-shirt for 20 bills and even got some fully autographed photo's from Kelly's secret stash. She was gone that day so Ally had to dig deep to keep the photo's flowing. (Thanks Kelly....and Ally!)This is a must see restoration shop and fun FREE tour to take while in Las Vegas. We will visit Rick's again and bring our friends along next time.Thanks for keeping it real.
5	I will be 100% honest. I love the show. I love the history of the items and I, myself love taking things apart and trying to "restore".. but not on their level. Anyways, I decided to check this place outta the blue. As soon as I get there, I see Tyler. They had allot of items that were on the show for display. The coolest thing.. they offer a free tour of the shop. I got to see items for the upcoming shows and also a better understanding of the process of how things go on the show. Also you get a bit of the history of the shop and the employees..
1	WOW....what a disappointment. We had friends visiting from out of town and they wanted to check out Ricks showroom. The good.....it is a kind of cute themed warehouse near the industrial area. Let's just say that the facade of the building was the highlight. The kid that did the tour was personable enough, but the rest of the vibe was far from friendly. Rick walked by the tour and did not even wave at his fans. Guess it might cost him something to be nice. Shop tour was a joke with only the admonishment to NOT take pictures. We still can't figure out what was so top secret in this joint. One of his workers (the only memorable feature was lack of some teeth) came by and exclaimed "damn tourist!". Rick's new bride was attractive but also ignored the tourist. There were about 20 folks touring this morning with us and I think EVERYONE there got a bad vibe cuz not one person bought a thing in the gift shop. Our friends were going to take back some tshirts, but they were ticked off at the lack of aloha and we moved on without spending a dime. Give me a break Rick. We all know you are famous, but could you act like you appreciate your fans just a bit? DON"T waste your time on these prima donnas. We have always enjoyed the show but will no longer watch it :( Changed our feelings about Rick & family for good :( There are way better things to see in the Las Vegas Valley.
3	I will give these folks 3 stars for getting back to me and offering a little aloha from Rick's Restoration. Kudos to Brett and Rick for the followup. Just might stop in again some day.
5	Went for a drive down las vegas blvd. Came across pawn stars place and just to many people standing waiting to get in. Then dawned on us heck lers check out ricks restoration so we go there first we see is rickbusy doing something but dont bother him then see ricks and brently trucks so take a picture decide to go in to the visitors area see if can buy a shirt so buy a couple shirts and over hear them say meet and greet with rick i pay formy shirts and ask how much for this and am told nothing and he will sign anything you ask him to sign so i get one shirt signed and couple pictures with him never expected this today such a awesome atmosphere in the shop feel so welcomed real down to earth guy. A must see in vegas you wont regret it
5	Living in Las Vegas I  get a lot of company.  This is the number one place to take visitors.  Not only will you get a tour and see how Rick and the crew restore items.  You will be greeted by a wonderful staff.  It was a real treat to see and talk to Kyle and Kowboy.  Rick and Kelly  are just as nice and down to earth as on the show.  Taking pictures with my family and signing really neat restored sweat shirts.  Their daughter Ally showed us around as did Brett ( a behind the scenes person) who treated us to the boneyard tour  Visit before this hidden gem gets out and you have to stand in long lines see it.   Not only am I now taking visitors but my friends are asking me to take them.
5	All guys would love to do what these guys, specifically Rick, do.  Fixing historical items for profit.  Just to have their knowledge and resources and connections.  With that said, I had to take a visit to this place.Parking is limited within the confines of their place, but you can park next door for free.  Just follow the sign.  Located in a decent industrialized area of Vegas in the north end of the strip.What was cool was that they were actually filming a show when I arrived.  We waited and watched a few takes.  No pictures were allowed.  We were then escorted into the main building and taken on a short tour.  Great little tour.  Our host was awesome and full of knowledge.  He did tell us that it takes about two months of filming to create one episode.  Interesting. But he did seem to tire of the same speech to the tour groups. Some incredible items to look at in the building. Afterward, you can go into the gift shop to purchase overpriced items.Great place, you should definitely check it out.
5	If you like the American Restorations TV show, you should definitely stop in for a visit.  They have a number of vehicles from the show parked out front.  Inside there is a small display area for other items that a have been on the show, and a small gift shop.They run frequent tours of the shop area that are free and well worth the time.  We saw several people from the show working through the windows.  In fact, many of the characters from the show wandered in and out as they went about their work.The highlight however, was an appearance by Rick Dale himself.  He came out to the lobby area, greeted people, signed any merchandise, and took photos with everyone.  All the crew from the show were very friendly and down to Earth -- and willing to say "hello."All in all, this trip to Rick's Restorations was a highlight of our trip.  This was a much better experience than the Pawn Stars shop or Counts Kustoms.Highly recommended and free (if you don't get sucked in at the gift shop -- which can happen)!
5	Stopped by for a visit while in town and was pleasantly surprised. Fame hasn't ruined these guys yet.  Ron was out signing merchandise and shaking hands when we got there.  Took the tour, then Rick came out and signed stuff and took pictures.  Everyone was so helpful and friendly.  It would be really hard to work a job if you had to stop every 90 minutes and go shake hands and sign stuff for 20 minutes, but these guys still do it.  Gift shop was reasonable and the restorations look better in person than on TV.  Keep it up guys !
5	Good times! Quite a kick getting to see the "set" aka the work areas from the show, items that have been restored and are going to be fixed up. My husband and I loved that Rick and Cowboy were working and walking here and there with the rest of the staff. Much more down to earth than Pawn Stars where the guys from the show are like, never there. As my husband put it, Rick's Restorations is in the customer service business, not the making money business like Gold and Silver Pawn. Rick's cares about people, their stories, and improving their lives through making memories.
5	We were in Vegas last week, and decided that I wanted to go and look at the shop. I am a very loyal viewer and have it scheduled on my DVR just in case I miss it live. I wanted to see the shop in person. This is an amazing place to see. The people are super super friendly. The free tours are great and every few minutes. We were able to see Rick and Tyler and everyone working. Kelly passed my husband and I three times in the shop and store. She spoke to us with a friendly hello how are you doing everytime. You can tell that this is a business built on hard work and true passion. They are all super friendly and personable. They are going to be a very successful business for many years. You can tell that they have not forgotten where they came from, and how hard it was to get where they are.The products restored are amazing!!! They are all so talented. I didn't get to go into the "boneyard". My husband would not let me for fear of what I would end up getting restored and sent home. When we got ready to leave we just stepped in the store and within about 5 minutes we were picked up by a taxi.  Super fast for the customers.I will say I visited Pawn Stars before this and if you have to pick just one do this one! You will feel welcome here and not so much at the other one.My only other regret was the taxi was there so fast that I forgot to buy my souvenier t-shirt.
5	My husband and I are huge fans of the show because this kind of craftsmanship is rare anymore so we stopped by hoping to see some examples. From the moment we stepped into the shop the people who worked there were awesome we picked up a couple of t shirts and were informed there was a tour the tour guide Brett was super friendly and it was awesome to see the guys at work. Rick and Kelly even came down from the office to say hi it is a great place the work is fabulous and my husband is trying to figure out what he'd like to have them restore because it truly would be like owning fine art.
5	Out of all the pawn stars places..this is the best.  Why?  Because Rick is usually onsite!   If you go to Pawn Stars...not one person is there.  Ever.  Go to Rick's...and at least 2 of the shows stars are always onsite.  You get there...and are greeted right away by workers welcoming you to their place.  Then inside they will organanize everyone and give you a tour.  At the end of the tour...someone (in our case it was Rick) will come out to meet with each and every person.  He signs autographs, take pictures...he embraces the new celebrity status.  Ranking:American Restoration - 5 stars - You meet the guys and the place is really well organized.  The tour guys have a ton of energy and really embrace it.  Counts Kustoms - 4 stars -  nice showroom and Danny is often onsite.  They seem happy to welcome you in - even on Sunday's.Toy Shack - 3.5 stars - Great place with a stunning number of toys. But the owner is not onsite.Pawn Stars - 1.5 stars - Not one of the guys are ever onsite.  Usually hour long wait to get in.
5	I am a local. Never heard of rick's but my dad is a regular watcher. He asked to go so we took my boys 7 and 5. We had fun. Took a free tour (Adam was great) which showed a lot of what they do and have done. Saw a beautiful employee who I realized was Kelly, my point, if you are a fan you will see what you would expect to see. You can also get your poster sized autographed pic with Rick mailed to you for $30. Inexpensive for Vegas. They also have a reasonably priced gift shop. Also easy to get to.
5	Really fun to visit. They were filming the day we stopped in on our way back to Phoenix - so we couldn't go in - but everyone was very nice and we watched the filming and took some pics.
4	Pretty cool!  I am not a huge fan but I am impressed with their work on the show.  We took a "tour" but that was okay.  Nothing special.  My hubby did buy a shirt with Rick's 48' Ford pick up.  Hubby's father had 48' Ford but white.  We didn't get to meet Rick.  :(  But it was nice to see where all the action takes place.
5	We are ALWAYS impressed with the imagination of Rick & crew!! Watched the creation of the Dodger Dog hot dog stand! This imagination is unheard of! My wife & I plan to visit the shop the next Vegas trip. Understand it is even better than the Pawn Stars Pawn shop. (And Rick's wife is a whole lot prettier than Chumlee or Big Hoss!!)Rick & Carrie BroyeTampa, Fl.
5	We visited Las Vegas in May for a genealogy convention, and took an extra day to visit the sights in the area.  Hoover Dam and Rick's Restorations were the only two MUST see attractions that I was looking forward to.  The Hoover Dam was awesome (as it always is).  Our trip to Rick's Restorations was off the charts.  We were greeted the moment we got out of our vehicles by a very nice man who explained how the tours went and even signed us up for a raffle to fly back to Vegas to be there for the show (unfortunately we didn't get picked.  We then went on an excellent tour with another gentleman who did a fantastic job.You guys have done a great job with the show and the tour experience, making your fans feel like they are part of your family.  Thank you so much for all of the attention you give to your followers.  If I ever come across a worthwhile project, I will certainly bring it to Rick's to have you guys work your magic on it.  Thanks again
4	While this isnt a REVIEW per say, i cant wait to go by and check this place out in a month. Been to the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop many times (it IS a bit of a let down...)  and the Toy Shack a few time.....but by judging by most of the reviews, RICK'S seems to be the place for fans!!See you all in August
5	If you like the show as I am this is a must.Parking and entrance free. They will give you a short tour for free, with the chance to see guys from the show.Pay for the boneyard tour, it is only $50 per group and you will have  chance to talk with them, about the show, the restorations or funny facts.
4	Went with high expectations of the entire experience.  and was NOT disappointed.   From the moment your are greeted prior o the tour start to the end of it, you do feel appreciated that you're a fan.  plenty of items to look at and take pics of.  If there is any complaint(s) there are:1)  the tour is a bit small and quick (understandably so....)2)  it can be a it difficult on finding the place.  GPS placed us across the railroad tracks at one point.but very enjoyable none the less....even had Cowboy yell something to the wife from behind the glass.     if you have some time to kill, and are a fan of the show, check this place out.
5	Love the Car shows Rick puts on!!
5	Everyone is exceptionally nice and friendly. Very interesting visit with lots to see!! Cannot stress enough how wonderful everyone was there.!
5	My BF loves to watch Rick's Restorations so we stopped by here and it was pretty cool! The tour is free & you actually get to see people from the show working! You can't take pictures, but they're there!It was so freakin' hot during the tour (no AC in that area) that I could actually feel myself getting dehydrated every second that passed. After the tour, we checked out the gift shop & I had to buy a bottle of water. A $5 bottle of water!! Dude. But I didn't want to pass out and ruin our vacation, so we bought it...suckers.When we were leaving, we took some pictures outside and my BF noticed Cowboy working & asked if he could get a pic with him. He's just like how he is on the show - a jerk, so my BF took that as a hint a started walking away. Then Cowboy yells "So you want a picture or what?!" LOL Lessons learned: Come hydrated and/or during the cooler times and not all a-holes are actually a-holes!
5	Popped into Rick's Restoration on the way out of Vegas. Very glad we did.You are immediately received by a warm welcome. The general feeling that pervades the lot is that they truly want their fans visiting and sharing in their fabulous restoration work. Their are numerous cars and as-yet-to-be-restored items lying outside and you're welcome to photograph all of them. You can also see through to the back lot and the fascinating wasteland of awesome items just waiting to be transformed.Inside you are treated to a free tour of the working operations of the shop, where you see items that eagerly await their future owners, along with many lovely bits and bobs from the show (loved the tandem bike and marriage proposal sign!) There is also a well stocked gift shop with many reasonably priced items (a lot of them signed) and even some interesting tidbits to take home and show off (I adore my new license plate purse!)Overall I loved the open, welcoming feel and the general vibe of this laid back and truly fantastic business. Thanks for not disappointing guys.
5	After a brief but hugely disappointing visit to the Pawn Stars store nearby we came over to Ricks Restoration. I've been a fan of Ricks show since the beginning when he was working out of his original site. What a refreshing difference from the Pawn Stars. Rick's actually has a table that is manned as you come into his lot that greets you and let's you know when the next mini tour is starting. While hanging in lot we saw Tyler working on his truck and Rick even strolled the lot for a while. Both took time to let me snap a picture of them with my wife. Mind you we were there late afternoon on a Fri and this is the end of their work week and dealing with customary flow of fans to their site. Instead of showing the strain of the week they were patient, friendly and exactly how you see them on the show....just good guys. I can't say enough about how warm the welcome was here after Pawn Star let down. We saw Kelly roaming around the store and just missed many of the workers as we did a quick tour. It was Friday night and they just got off work. There are lots of cool restored items to look at that have been on show. They do remarkable work and their passion and eye for perfections is very evident. I am happy for all their success as you can tell they work their tails off. I hope they remain grounded in what go them all there. Very worthwhile stop if you are in the area. Well done Rick, Kelly and crew! Thanks. Next time i'm back I hope to be looking to have you restore something cool for me. You guys are the bomb!
5	Was in vegas for a Mortgage convention and on the way home we decided to stop by Ricks to check it out.  I love watching this show because they turn dust into gold.  Honestly going into this place i wasnt expecting alot but i was surprised by how humble they all are.we walked in and to the left was some of the items rick and his boys did on the show.  To the left was the gift shop and a window overlooking the bone yard(if you ever seen the show you know what im talking about)  we checked out the gifts at the shop and were told a free tour would began shortly.  There was about 9 visitors at the shop so i figured it needed to get a little more full for them to do the free tour.  About 20 mins or so it did get full and they were gathering up for the free tour.  I went to buy some water when i overhead a family mentioning that they were going on a paid tour.  I got nosey and asked whats that all about.  They mentioned on this tour you get to go back to the bone yard and check it out.  Being a fan i wanted to do that.  The cost for the paid tour was $25 for 6 guests.  I had a group of 3 so it was still worth it.  The cashier warned me that the max is 6 guest per tour and there was already 6 who paid for it.  That i would have to ask the tour guide on if it was ok.  The tour guide who came out was Brettly from the show.  I asked him if it was ok and at first said no the max is 6.  I had mentoned were heading back to LA right after this and we didnt have time to wait for the next tour.  He said "its ok come on in then".  Very cool way to start it off.  Brettly took us to the bone yard and went over the items that we see on the show and how much they cost to get restored.  He was very detailed and answered a crap load of questions from me and another guy on the tour.  He took pictures with anyone who wanted too and acted like any normal guy on the streets. I even told him im glad the fame didnt get to his head.  We then walked in from the bone yard and a couple of dogs ran in and started playing around with anyone who would play with them.  kelly, ricks wife yelled out hello to us and a few people said hello back and asked her a few things. She didnt have to be involved but she was friendly enough to say hi.  Brettly then took us to where the shop is and kyle was working on something.  He talked a little and then had to go back to work.  Rick walked by but couldnt stop.  He looked busy and some on the tour were little pissed off that he couldnt stop to say a simple hi but when you look at the shop and how busy they are you cant really blame him.  I sound like im defending him here but im a business man myself and own a small business so i know that sometimes when projects get in the way the boss cant just stop.  It was another tour out of many they do per day and it just wasnt our luck that he stopped for us.  Doesnt mean he didnt stop all day.  Hey it is what it is.  Tyler, ricks son was also swamped and couldnt talk but i think rick took the blunt of the blame because no one even bugged tyler for a question.  most of the group was too grumpy from rick.  But again it is what it is and no biggie.  The guys here were nice, if they had time they would talk.  They would answer questions.  If they  couldnt they couldnt.  But they were upfront about it.  If you're in vegas stop by here.  Its worth seeing what these guys can do.
5	Stopped by while in Vegas, not crowded and all the guys from the show are actually there working and you can say hi up close unlike the pawn shop.   Free tour of the shop everyone was very friendly!
4	If you  are a fan of Rick's restoration, you have to stop by this place and check it out.  As a follow up to TV subcultures, this place is pretty cool.a.  First of all, where in the heck is this place?  Yep, It is on Charleston and Commerce.  If you see the signs for Artistic Iron Works, you are very close. The location is cool in a funky, urban renewal waiting to happen type of way.b.  The place - Just don't get your horses in a tither now.  This place is cool, even though it is NOT the original and will NOT look like most of the iconic shots you have seen on the History Channel. However, no matter what it still has a cool factor to it.c.  The TOUR - Okay,  we were at Artistic Iron Works to buy some items and saw the sign for Ricks.  I did not even notice it before and we come to AIW a few times a year.  Anyhoo, we traipse on over and were mildly impressed with the place.  It is cool for sure, however this time in a decorated Disney way, since it is relative new that they moved here from the backyard facilities they had.- The inside of the reception area and store is small. This is where you have to wait for a tour guide which is every 15 minutes.- You wait and get to watch videos of the TV episodes but with no sound or subtitles. It would be nice because the beautiful items that they do have in the waiting area are great but you cannot touch anything, so why not watch and learn on the TV episodes?- The tour guides will tell you to wait 5 minutes for the next tour and in our case, this was about 25 minutes. The tour is of the work facility that all the key TV stars actually work in, Really cool to see their work environment and how they do things.  However, this is about a 3 minute tour and when you wait till 60 people are ready to tour, it is way too crowded and not easy to see anything.- The tour on Saturday is not great because there is no one actually working, so you see an empty working area. You cannot take pictures in this area.  We are told the weekday tours are much better as the cast is there working.- I would say the tour would be best if they leave the door to the area open, let people ramble on in there themselves and just post a security guard to make sure no one takes pictures.  That would be much more of an experience.Great place, I wanted to give it a 3 only due to the poor tour, but hey, it is free and so it gets a solid 4 in my book.  Just don't expect too much.
5	Visited Rick's last week and couldn't be happier. The staff member in the gift shop was one of the nicest people I've ever met. Souvenirs are very fairly priced and Rick had just signed a bunch of stuff (got a tank top for my wife and a hat for myself-both signed). Didn't get to take the tour but I'll definitely be going back.
4	My cousin was in town from Hawaii for the SEMA convention and we were driving through Downtown...I kid you not that we almost got into an accident because he did an illegal U-turn once he saw the Rick's Restoration sign on the corner.We parked on a dirty road that lead to an area with fake vintage storefronts. It reminded me of Toon Town. But, without the cartoon characters. If that makes sense.There was a free tour that they were offering so, we walked in their "lobby" of sorts while we waited. VIntage surfborads, signage, jukeboxes, games, etc. Very neat. The 10-15 minute tour took you around their shop from when they receive item, how they restore it, and to the finished product(s).I was amazed that this place even existed. Especially in Downtown Las Vegas!
5	I loved visiting Rick's Restorations and seeing all the wonderful things his shop has restored. They do amazing work. We saw Rick himself come in talking shop with people. He said "hi" and gave my kids a high five. I could tell he was working. No one really bothered him which was nice to see.The tour was great. A funny and happy guy took us around to all the stations. He explained everything and how it's done. The one thing I didn't understand was the restriction on taking pictures in the back. They say it's because items may be on the show. I don't know why that makes a difference. Worth seeing. Nice people. It makes me want to have something restored there. He does have items for sale. It was hard to keep the kids from touching everything. From the show I know some of those items are quite expensive so watch your kids if you bring them.
5	Lamar was a great guide.We came late and he made sure ess saw and understood everything
5	Fan of the show? Then you have to go..A much better experience than Pawn Stars but then I think they have the setup and work harder at it. We arrived to find a paved road (had expected dirt for earlier review) and parking was very easy at the shop. We were warmly greeted outside and directed inside to the free tour. Inside we found a small gift shop and waiting area filled with lots of cool restored stuff for sale and some reproduction stuff as well.  After about 10 minutes a very happy chap appeared to give us our tour. We were escorted past the different work stations and there purpose and the path a restoration takes was all explained. We got to see a few new projects just finished from the upcoming season and some stuff in process. Lamar, our guide was very good at explaining when they guys do and even had some history on the stuff on display. The kids were very excited as the got to see Tyler working out the back.After the tour I noticed you can a $60 VIP tour of the bone yard, you get you $60 back if you find something to get restored. We almost took the tour just for the look, maybe next time when we have more time.So your pressed for time do you go to Pawn stars or Ricks restorations ? Which ever your the bigger fan of would be my first answer but then given you more likely to see the people in the show actually still doing what they do to make a living, Ricks gets me vote.
5	they were really friendly and true to their TV selves.  they do a free tour of the workshop area which was great and you can also pay $60 for your family/group you're with to get a personal tour with a cast member (we had Brettley) of the "bone yard" where the to be restored pieces are.  I would HIGHLY recommend that; we asked lots of questions and got to have a good amount of personal time with him.  overall a fun place to check out, very kid friendly but also very interesting to see the pieces each at a different step in the process.  really fun!
5	Lamar was fantastic as well as the rest of the staff. Really good guided tour, free of charge!
3	I'm guessing this is a "must take the tour" place? Boyfriend and I are vegas locals and decided to check it out after going to the metal shop next door (which is way cooler). We walked inside, looked around for maybe two minutes. There wasn't anything in there I hadn't seen before.... Honestly there wasn't much of anything in there besides gift shop souvenir crap. I peeked through the windows looking out to the bone yard that was filled with some cool stuff. Then we walked outside and checked out the cool rusted out cars out front and that was it. We both shrugged our shoulders expecting more.But like I said this is probably a "must take the tour" place.
5	Have been to Rick's Restoration twice, and have met Rick and his crew twice. We asked to see the boneyard, no problem, didn't have to pay $60. Took the short tour, talked to a couple of the guys and got their autographs. They do have some cool stuff to see at the their shop.
5	My wife and I are planning a trip to Vegas beginning of next month to see all the cool places. after reading the reviews, and seeing the replies by  Kelly D. of Rick's Restorations I am definitely making this one of my stops.(I love the show and all of the neat restorations they do) It seems that they care about what people think, which is obvious to me because I have yet to see anyone else that takes the time to reply to so many reviews. can't wait to get down there and I will for sure revisit this review afterwards.
5	Great place.  Nice little free tour that goes behind the sceens.   Very friendly staff.
5	We got to see the whole cast & Ron Dale came out and took pictures with everyone. Free tour was great, got to see them actually working!! Love this family.
5	A great free experience especially if you are a fan. We saw Rick briefly and met Brettly out the front of the store. The short tour is a great insight into the working environment
5	We went as planned and this is a really neat place. parking was easy, and there was a guy that came up shortly after arriving and gave us the tour. We did see Rick through a window out into the shop, and his wife also showed up. It would be nice to be able to actually meet them and chat with them, but they do have a business to run. It's a really cool place to visit. We got to see something that was being restored and not yet on the show which was cool.
5	Same as at the pawn stars shop, they were filming here when we arrived. other than at the pawn stars shop was that you could actually see the filming going on. Taking pictures was strictly forbidden during filming but we could go in to the gift shop to buy some gifts and wait for the free (!!!) tour of the workshops. The tour is pretty short but kinda cool and after it i bought my rick's restorations autographed shot glass. Fun thing to do while in vegas when you're a fan of the History channel shows.
5	This tour was amazing. We went through Anniebananie.com for a tour and this was a stop. It was the best!
5	Went here for a quick stop on our way out out of Vegas. Staff was friendly and informative. I was able to see everyone from the show working away in the shop. Even got to say hi to Tyler and Rick. What a great time.
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome!  Robert did a great job on the "tour". We mean HE WAS A GREAT young man, very personable.Saw Tyler, Cowboy, Kyle that was fun!  Would have liked some photo ops, but understand you are running a business.  Must visit if you watch the show and are traveling to Vegas!Thanks again for a great experience
5	We went here 4th day of our holiday we watch it home in the uk and love love the show  it was really good, staff was friendly husband even managed to grab a selfie with Tyler really good :) defo b bk
5	Having seen the show, we decided to visit hoping for a view of a small piece of what goes on there.  When we arrived, we we're greeted immediately by a young man (who also worked the souvenir register) who told is of a free tour about to start.  The tour was extremely informative,  and we were able to see most of the work stations.  We visited on a Saturday, so none of the cast was present.  We were told if we go during the week that they would be there actually working on restorations.Overall, a great place to visit!
5	What a pleasant surprise to see dudes from the show actually doing restoration work!  This reality show has no kidding reality behind it.  I was especially impressed that they provided free guided tours to view work in progress.   Ron Dale came out and mixed it up with the tour.  We saw Rick's son Tyler working on a project.  They clearly don't have to provide this type of access, yet they do, and free of charge no less.  This is obviously a family that values it's fans on the History Channel.   They had many items on display that I recognized from the show.   I highly recommend stopping by if you're a fan.
5	This is a must go destination. Not much in Vegas is free but here you get a free tour of their show room and a look into some of their work stations. The tour guide seemed knowledgeable and was good with the small crowd. Got to see Rick and Tyler working as well as Kowboy and a few other employees. Was able to say hello to Rick as he walked through the tour area and see a few camera guys filming a fee things.
5	My 9 yr old was determined to see all the reality tv hot spots and this was on the list. We did not expect anything, but to walk around and were pleasantly surprised when we got to meet Rick, get an autograph and photo as well as a free tour. It was neat to see everything and it was hopping with action. The only negative is the tour area is not air conditioned and it was 110 that day. SUPER HOT, but it was only 10 min and worth it! Must see!
5	We were on vacation last week in Vegas and took some time to stop by Rick's Restorations. It was awesome. Everyone was so friendly and made us feel welcome. I even caught a glimpse of Brettley and held the door open for him (he was coming out with his hands full as I was going in). I didn't stop him or try to bother him since I know he is at work and I know when I am at work, I do not want to be bothered, but he was polite and thanked me for holding the door for him.  On the tour we saw Tyler working hard and it was cool to see the work rooms (I am not sure how they cope with the blistering heat!). Overall the experience was great!  Just wish the tour was a little longer/more in depth. But, I do understand why it isn't longer, I mean it is a place of business and people are working. I definitely recommend visiting.
5	I arrived when they opened at 9:00AM to avoid the crowds that I had heard about   The tour was fun and very informative  I saw many of the items that had been restored on previous shows. This is a must see for anyone who is a fan of the show.
3	They do a great job restoring.  However, they will frequently break their timelines by several months.  Also, if it isn't done right the first time you could be in for another long wait and possibly ignored emails and phone calls.  It wasn't until I reversed a charge after 90 days of waiting for a simple fix for something not done right that I got their attention.  And that is to someone who had four large purchases from them.  I won't share the nasty email I got after reversing the charge, but it was vulgar to say the least.
5	"Beats Pawn Stars hands down"This is a working business with people taking pride in what they do. They are nice friendly people and the tour guide was great. Some of the stars were there in the day. Easy to get too on the deuce bus. If you like the show then go.
5	We are here from Wisconsin, thought we would go see the pawn stars and Ricks, i love what they do here- to many people just throw things away, its nice to to restorations! The tour guide was upbeat and seemed to love his job! A++! Very VERY cool experience! Love the family friendly atmosphere! Keep it up guys you do AMAZING work!!   Oh and the "Old Mans" golf cart is out front from a previous episode, Go check out! Thank you, Ricks for a great experience!
5	It's worth stopping by for a free tour. You may be able to see some of the guys from the show working behind a glass window. There's a gift shop with a variety of shirts and stuff to pick from. If you're a fan, it's worth coming.
5	we walked in just as a tour was starting so our timing was perfect!  ally welcomed us warmly, and had i known who she is, i would have chatted more with her.  cute woman!jj gave us an excellent tour even though there were quite a few of us.  it was very interesting to hear about the different areas/rooms and see them in person.  and, thank you, kowboy, for your sweet wave...and almost smile   special thx to artistic iron works for parking and a stroll through their really cool and creative shop.  we really got two-for-one here
5	Free tours, prob every 10 to 15 mins. We were so glad we went. Friendly staff, they called a cab for us only took a few mins to get there.
5	Ricks restorations is exactly as it appears on TV. The staff that you see on TV are present in the store, offering tours of the facility and very welcoming. We had several different employees that were more than happy to answer any question that we had and provide detailed information about the restorations that were currently underway.We briefly encountered Rick's wife and she is as beautiful as she appears on TV. She was a very nice and extremely knowledgeable lady. Really enjoyed meeting her.This place is so well organized and maintained that it is hard to believe that they're actually doing day to day business. But it is clear that people are coming in and out with their old family heirlooms trying to get them back into shape because we saw several people bringing things in and receiving great service.Their knowledge,  craftsmanship and kindness toward their customers and visitors is amazing to see and experience. I would love to come back again and go on the tour with younger children in my family just show them American craftsmanship up close and personal. Great job to Rick and his team.
5	Came in Las Vegas went over to the Gold and Silver Pawn Shop total letdown talk to a guy in the parking lot and asked how far to Rick's restorations he said I could walk it went there highlight of my trip got to meet people everyone was super friendly real down to earth people that really work and do the damn thing!
5	We had a great time here.  The owners rick his wife and their kids are actually there not like some other Las Vegas Show that will remain unmentioned.  Free Tour is really interesting.  you can actually see the guys working.  We went and saw next seasons completed projects.
5	Awesome!  Awesome!  Awesome!  Kelly was very friendly and even more attractive in person.  Rick and Tyler were both on site working and Rick walked right up to the group tour and started talking to Kelly. My kids and I loved it.  It would have been nicer if he would have said hello or even just waved to us but instead he ignored us and went on with his business.  I understand he has to work.  We saw some of the restored items and their workshop.  I didn't realize Kelly had a daughter who worked there too.  We bought some very reasonably priced souvenirs and enjoyed our visit very much.
5	Fantastic must-see place from The History Channel!  Very welcoming, tours every half hour or so, takes you to the back rooms and shows you the different fabrication and repair rooms, and the finished products are all over the place.  Ally, Rick's daughter, was our tour guide, and very knowledgable and friendly.  Kelly, Rick's wife, was working in the gift shop, talking to people and posing for pictures.  Spoke to her for a few minutes and she was so sweet and down to earth, nothing like I expected from a TV show star.  She said that they all work every day, and I was very impressed with the whole tour and place. Very cool to see it, and worth the walk down from The Stratosphere.
