4	Yet another branch of Pret A Manger dotted around Edinburgh, this one is well organised, has friendly staff and always has an excellent selection of freshly made goodies. I can't get enough of Pret and can honestly say I haven't found a bad branch yet.After doing a spot of shopping in Habitat just further up the road, I decided to sit down here for a cup of tea, a cheese ploughmans sandwich and a slice of millionaires shortcake. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have my favourite chilli prawn subs left but the cheese ploughmans was outstanding so I'll let it slide. The shortcake that followed was also delicious, very moreish and I could have probably eaten about three but I decided I should just stick with having one.
5	I've only recently came round to the joys of Pret a Manger, and while there's not a branch close enough to my work to merit regular visits, there's a couple of snacky options that I'll regularly drop in for when I fancy a nibble on the go.They do excellent yoghurt / compote / muesli things that make me feel moderately healthy at breakfast time, and much to my delight, they've also begun doing huge pretzels for a pound, covered in either poppy or sesame seeds. Not as good as the big salty buggers you get in Deutschland, but a good substitute.I was somewhat parched the other day so also went for a can of their fancy-looking fizzy orange. It's fantastic, almost as good as the San Pelligrino stuff you find in Italian takeaways.
3	This is a review of Pret in-and-of it being a Pret. It goes without saying that I really, really like Pret food. It's fresh, interesting ingredients, almost everything I've had here I like. Whether you want a baguette, sandwich, soup, salad, toasted wrap, croissant, or tray bake / cake it's all good.My grip with this Pret is that their options are really limited. They only have one type of salad whenever I go in and it's the obscure crayfish and avocado. Where is the Chef's Italian Chicken I ask you?!It's in a good location and fairly big store, so this conundrum perplexes me slightly...  Other than that, the food you can find there is still good!
