2	We just spent a week in Montreal at this hotel. There were four of us, so we stayed in a room with two queen sized beds, which ended up being the fourteenth floor on the top, so we kept telling people we were staying in the penthouse suite. But penthouse suite it definitely was not. One of the beds was crammed up against the wall that had the closet in it. Basically, if you wanted to get into the closet you had to climb over the bed to get to it. So hopefully when you climbed on the bed, there wouldn't be someone sleeping in it.... First off, there was a piece of what I think was glass, stuck to the floor in front of the fridge. I don't know how it got there, or why it was stuck, but it wasn't moving, and really it shouldn't have been my job to move it. Apparently housekeeping only works once a week? So our room, as filthy as 4 drunk people make it, was never cleaned until we left. It was pretty gross by day 3, so imagine day 6. Thank god no one threw up in there, however it came pretty damn close. The kitchenette was nice and big, which was good, since I always seem to have trouble finding veggie restaurants in Montreal, so we were able to eat breakfast and lunch in our suite. It had an oven, coffeemaker, toaster, microwave, and a DISHWASHER! Sadly there weren't enough dishes to necessitate a dishwasher, so we washed our items by hand, which of course meant we had no dishsoap except for what was provided in powder-form for the dishwasher. Ah well, now I know for next time. I used the oven once, to make a frozen pizza, the only problem was that the fire alarm went off when I took it out. P.S. It was NOT burnt. With no housekeeping, this meant we had to exchange our dirty towels at reception for clean ones. Not a big deal, but kind of weird. There were also ants in our hotel room. Yes, ANTS. They seemed to be hanging out around the base of the bathtub and by the broken glass stuck to the floor by the fridge. I mean, its not like they were bedbugs right? Ugggh... I guess my experience was okay, I would probably look around before booking here again. I really did like the location, since it is on the border of Old Montreal/Chinatown and the bar area, so that is definitely a win, and the staff were all very helpful and nice. I guess I just had some reservations about the way the room was set-up and the policies of the hotel, especially since I didn't see anyone else on our floor, so it seemed odd to me that if none of the other rooms were full, why they would have booked us in the one with ants and broken glass?
2	We're going to keep the good times rolling here with another two stars on the hit parade!Candlewood is an odd beast. Being an extended stay hotel I would have to imagine that most of the occupants are college/university students. That reason alone should make you think twice about showing up on St. Patty's day weekend. We were on the ninth floor and lucky enough to be away from the louder gaggles of children but it was wall to wall 18 year olds in the lobby when we came home at night.Our suite was a good size for two people. A relatively comfy couch and an easy chair provided some seating and the kitchenette was a welcome home for all the cheese and meat we bought. The exhaust for our stove was attached to the room next door however so our room smelled like whatever they were cooking or smoking at the time. My most confusing moment was the combination of weed and buttered toast. I wasn't sure if I had a contact high or was having a tasty stroke. Then the fried chicken smell took over and it was time to leave.Housekeeping will come if you ask for it but it's once a week otherwise. You have to take your towels and sheets down to reception if you want clean ones or you could wash them yourself in the laundry room for a few bucks.The hotel is clean and the staff are very very nice. The elevators work and you can watch tv...ummmm...yeah that's all I've got.So, if you're looking for an inexpensive place to stay for a while and you don't mind some quirks or obnoxious neighbours, Candlewood is alright. You might want to find a place that's a little more quiet and doesn't constantly smell like cigarettes though. Your call.
4	I know they've been getting bad reviews here, but as a long-term guest who really values the precious gift of SILENCE, this place isn't so bad.You just need to be at the right room, NOT facing the street and NOT on a floor with a lot of loud partygoers. Yes, we had a few incidents with some drunken bar-people partying way too loud at midnight when we were trying to sleep because we were getting up at 6 a.m. the next morning, but they are few and far between.For the price, it's worth it to have such sweet silence most of the time.Let me lay it out for you:1) They are really nice about letting you switch rooms. If you are in a room you hate, and you are staying a long time, you can move as many times as you want and they won't be rude to you. Well, the one asian girl downstairs was a real b*tch who was rude and annoying, but the guy and the other girls were really nice, so don't judge all of them immediately.2) The laundry is free. FREE. So is wifi and TV. OMG. You normally have to pay for laundry and the wifi in other hotels.3) Location can't be beat. Right by Chinatown, a grocery store, a mall and 2 metro stations, plus you can walk to Old Montreal.. and downtown!4) It's an old building but it can't be helped. What can be helped, is staying AWAY from the suites that they normally give to wild partygoers. 5) The kitchen is fully equipped with an actual stove (a rarity sometimes).6) Did I mention that the building was actually quiet? I mean there was no constant humming of air vents and ducts outside, no strange buzzing in the walls, no constant traffic that kept you up all night because of their crap windows... the silence is a boon, even if the room isn't sexy.7) The price is right if you stay long-term, it's about $60/night which is a STEAL at that location, and if you aren't planning on getting an apartment for a year.So yes. They may not be great for 1-2 night stays, but they are fab for long-term guests who don't care about the non-essential details, and are only interested in PURE SILENCE 99% of the time!!!!!Oh and if you're getting mail delivered here, make sure you get your name in the system if you aren't the primary on the reservation, or they will reject ALL the mail that  goes there.
4	I stayed back here in April 2012 with family while on vacation. The suite we were in had two bedrooms, spacious living room, bathroom, and a full size kitchen. The bedrooms are located on opposite sides of the suite. We only stayed here for one night. They offer free wifi which was a bonus since I was coming from the states and didn't have cell phone service. The front desk employees are very friendly and helpful. Since parking downtown can be limited, they have a underground parking garage for  an additional cost. Since we were on the 13th floor, we had a great view of the city -- I could see the Church of St. John the Evangelist (red roof church), the Chapelle Notre-Dame-de-Lourdes, and Mount Royal Cross. It's really close to different attractions: the Old Port of Montreal, Chinatown, Place des Arts, Contemporary Art Museum & St. Catherine Street Shopping.
4	First time staying at this location and it was for my dad's retirement celebrations so this was an important stay. I should point out that I got this room well in advance on Hotwire.Pluses:- Location. Walking distance to so many awesome things to do downtown Montreal. Also pretty close to the metro.- Friendly staff. They made up for the check in issues by being quite apologetic and giving us some extra perks like free parking for two vehicles.- Full kitchen. Not something we used but quite handy for some people especially in a longer stay. Minuses:- Check ins. I was told that the room would be ready at 1pm, then 2pm, then the final time I tried 4pm. We ended up going out to eat and checking in afterwards.- Room size. Not exactly spacious two bed suite but it was decent enough to move around in.Would certainly recommend this place especially if you can land a discounted rate!
3	It really depends on what room you get; some are quite a bit nicer than others and yet they were all in the same group rate.  My "suite" was okay: one room with two double beds, a desk and chair (and not a lot of extra space), a small kitchen area, and one window with a partially blocked uninspiring view.  Two other friends (who booked later than I did) had much more spacious suites with the living room and kitchen area separated from the bedroom.  Another friend hit the jackpot with a large living room/kitchen area with three windows offering amazing high-rise views of the city and even a small balcony (you couldn't actually stand on it, but the window was floor to ceiling and you could open it)!   So my advice: when you book your room ask for a suite with a separate bedroom and a city-view.
3	My wife and I are giving this Candelwood a 3-star rating, which may be a bit generous.The highlights include an excellent location -- it's an easy walk to the Old City (for us it was about 15 minutes) as well as close to two Metro lines.  It's also an easy walk  -- 10 minutes at most -- to the Place des Artes -- which includes the contemporary arts museum, theaters, and a varitety of restaurants.  Ity'ls also where the city hosts many festivals. It's also a very easy walk to Chinatown, an IGA (grocery store).Getting to and from the airport (YUL) could not be easier.  The #747 bus stops right across the street.  The single fare is $10 -- which gives you unlimited public transit access for the day.  If you are going to be in Montreal for several days -- get the extended pass, which is good  for buses and the Metro.  The main train station is an easy cab or bus ride, and is also walkable.We found the staff very cooperative, bi-lingual and friendly.  The rooms are large and the kitchen adequately equipped.  What surprised us is that there was a water heater in our room. We're not sure if each room has one, but hot water was not a problem.  The water pressure is excellent, which makes for great showers.  There is ample closet space, which helps as drawer space is somewhat limited.We found the bed to be comfortable and the bed linens fine.However....the positives are outweighed by several things.*  Housekeeping.  While the room was geneerally clean, we found a few things that attentive housekeeping would have addressed including two coffee cakes left in a kitchen cabinet by a previous guest. The were unopened with crumbs everywhere.  Fortunately there were no bugs.  Also, each unit has a garbage disposer.  Ours had not been checked, nor run, so when you pulled the cover out, there was a foul odor.  Housekeeping is done by request only.  Units are cleaned once a week.*  Decor/Furninishings.   The bottom line is the place needs a facelift.  Furnishings, while adequate, are old.  We were surprised there was no dining table or opportunity for two people to eat at once.  It's obvious the hotel has not been painted in a while and routine maintenance is basic -- some switchplates that were removed were not covered and it appears that replacements for such item as the shower rod and sink drain were done quickly and cheaply.  While the bed linens are nice, bathroom towels seem old and in need of better laundering. They weren't dirty, just worn.Would we stay there again?  It wouldn't be our first choice, but if need be, we would.
