5	Wow! These guys rock. Called yesterday and they were here today and ahead of schedule. YES! Repaired my garage door and installed a remote keypad in no time flat. So reasonably priced that I almost choked:) if you need a garage door repair or even a new one, tell em Julie sent ya. Big Mahalos Ryan
5	Really Nice Folks!I called because my garage door was stuck and wouldn't close.  They re-arranged their schedule, and Larry came out that day to fix my door... well... so it will close at least.  (It's an old door and I've been meaning to replace the motor and door for a while but just didn't get around to it yet.... Well.... I am now.)Larry gave me an estimate and it seemed reasonable to me so now they are going to get me a whole new door and motor.Juanita in the office is a gem.  So nice and pleasant to work with.
5	Fantastic service. Juanita in the office was pleasant and quick to deal with.  Appointment was easy to make, service was very good.Even got a thank you note after, very happy to have such good service.
5	One of the hinges on my garage door separated from the metal and the metal on the door tore.  This happened on a Saturday.  I called Upright Garage Door Services and they returned my call promptly on Monday at 8 when they re-opened.  We made an appointment for Tuesday.  Ryan came out as scheduled, in fact he was a little early.  He fixed the door and tightened all the other hinges for a reasonable price.  There was no  nonsense, no up-selling.  I will definitely recommend this company to my neighbors.  I could not be more pleased!
5	I'm so glad I chose Upright to do my service and repairs. I had them fix some wiring and perform a tune up on my mom's garage and it works great now. Then I had them service my two doors and install a new opener on one. They did a great, clean, and fast job on the install and on all the multiple repairs my doors required. Larry and Chad offered the best advice and performed great work. Juanita, in the office is so helpful.  These guys are coming back in spring to insulate my doors.
5	I work for a property management company that used to use this company and then switched to another for what ever reason.  Since I have been here, and with my experience in property management I know when a vendor is scamming.  I called Upright Garage Door Services who was very honest about their price and their quote was $200 more then the other company.  They gave me a lot of advice on what to ask  the other company without pressuring me in any way.  After reading the reviews for both companies my gut instinct was right!  Hopefully, I can get the management company I work for to switch back to Upright!  If I get to switch I will update on the service, and if I switch I will definitely give the review for the other company and the experience I have had.
5	Juanita and Larry saved us! When the garage repair person from Dreikosen never showed up or called, I contacted Upright. Juanita came to the rescue and was able to squeeze me in when they had a customer reschedule...lucky for me! Our garage spring broke last night and we couldn't open the garage door.Larry, the owner came when they said he would and had the best attitude. He immediately went to work and got the job done. He and his associate Chad were kind enough to also relocate our garage door button so we wouldn't have to reach behind the fridge anymore. They were fast, friendly and priced very well (compared to others in town)...and they won't upsell you on things you don't need. They have been in business for over 20 years and I would gladly recommend them to all my friends, family and clients.
5	LOOK NO FURTHER FOR AN HONEST AND GREAT GARAGE DOOR SERVICE Originally I called one of those companies with the big add and was told it would cost $49.99 just to have them come out to give me a quote.  Lucky for me I found Upright Garage Door Services.  Larry was very friendly and very knowledgeable when it comes to garage doors/openers   He was honest and saved me a lot of money as he replaced my broken springs and determined I did not need a new garage door opener but rather just a $31.00 part which he replaced   He also adjusted the sensors and a few others things Now my garage door work better than it ever did. I am thankful to have found an honest business in Las Vegas   This will be who I call when I need my next garage door opener
5	Honest, show up on time, professional, efficient with an excellent price over completion, Ryan did a great job and tune up our door which works better than ever... they are definitely a keeper for my garage door needs... I will pass on my recommendation to anyone who wants a no nonsense great service plus I got educated on the workings of a garage door. Just outstanding. Thanks Ryan, Larry and Juanita. Tony GHenderson
2	I gave two stars because I have to say the garage door works as expected. However, the attitude of the man that came out was terrible. I spoke to a nice lady on the phone and requested that I receive a phone call a half hour before service. The time of service was between 3 and 5. At 4:15 or receive the phone call saying that he was sorry he couldn't call me a half hour before it was ready to come over I would be here in 10 to 15 minutes. Which I accepted. He arrived with somebody else tagging along the truck.  which would be fine if I didn't feel like he was rushing his way through the job. The following day I received a phone call around the same time stating that you have left a couple tools behind. He has to pick up pick them up and was I home now I told him I was not home now and maybe I could get somebody to leave them outside for him some time after 430. He went on to tell me how important his tools were to him and that he would not be able to do his job without them. He asked that I call him after the tools are left outside because he did not want to drive across town to pick them up if they weren't going to be out there. Maybe I'm just being picky but something about this rubbed me the wrong way. When I arrived home from work I found him sitting outside in his truck waiting for somebody to leave his tools I told him at that point that I would be hard pressed to recommend their company to anyone else. At this point he became argumentative and condescending. I asked him if telling him was good enough or should I call the office and tell them his response was that he is co-owner with his father. If this type of personality doesn't bother you and you do indeed desire good craftsmanship I say go ahead and go for it. I sure won't.
