5	Our stay here was amazing, I've never had such good service. Everyone was so helpful, the breakfast was really good and the rooms very clean. The beds are like clouds and the towels were so soft. I recommend this hotel highly.
4	This was the second stop for the Carolinas this week and was in the middle of a circle that was filled with Hotels and restaurants near Concord Mills Mall. I just realized that I never mentioned the internet connectivity on any of the Hampton Inn reviews. Well, unless something bad happens, let just agree that the fancy code they give you on your key cover works just fine and there were no problems."The Good"- The staff was great, very helpful aside from the screen starer mentioned below, I am not sure she knows that anyone even checked in that day.- The gentlemen that checked me in offered me a water... this little thing is one of the reasons they are at four stars. Its the little things that people remember and they need to know that something as little as that is working... so nice job management.- Decent location to a variety of spots to eat, including chains and non chains. Sadly, a lot of driving did not allow any food explorations this go around.- The room was clean and it was a new set up where you could see the TV from all sitting areas in the room, including the desk.- This room also had a fridge, which was nice."The Meh"- I do not know if it was the location, or operating procedure, but sometimes when you call to make a reservation you speak to the person, other times, they put you through to the 1-800 line and you make your reservation that way. I was transferred to the 1-800 line when I called and wondered how busy they were. When I was checking in it was kinda dead with about 10 cars in the parking lot. When I approached the desk the first person to make eye contact is usually the one that is going to help you. The gentlemen behind the counter broke first and said good afternoon. so to the right side of the desk I went... The young lady at the desk was involved looking at a computer screen. As I was checking in the phone rang and without blinking she answered the phone and greeted the customer then immediately transferred them to the 1-800 line... there must have been some really important stuff on that screen."The Bad"- There was no paper in the morning. Yes, I actually read the thing too, I am not just finding random things to file here. It's nice to take a few minutes some time throughout the day and just relax for a few.
2	Disappointing older hotel. While most of the interior has been freshened up, the rooms could use some updating. The lounge area and continental breakfast were nice enough, but not a great space. Nothing was blatantly wrong here, but the room felt neglected. The housekeeping made a few careless errors. Room was clean, but not spotless. Furnishings were showing their age. Shower and bathroom plumbing had minor issues. It just needs a little attention.When I chose to end stay a couple days early, staff were polite but ambivalent. They were not apologetic or interested in the reasons I was canceling my visit. Not unpleasant, but also not a hotel I wanted to come back to a few more nights. This did not compare favorably with other Hampton Inns, most of which have greatly improved over the past few years. I did not get that favorable impression of this one. It did not live up to corporate's 100% satisfaction guarantee, which was not mentioned during my visit. Good rate, but there are much better values nearby.
4	Very nice hotel. Rooms were roomy and reasonably priced. The lobby and breakfast was actually edible (although not much beyond the high carb processed goods) and the staff was super friendly. I've stayed at quite a few Hampton Inn & Suites and this was one of the nicer ones. It's also right next to the Motor Speedway (about 1 mile away) so if you're in town for that this place would work great.
3	Just a really nice place. They updated the lobby but not the rooms. They need a little Tlc for sure. The free breakfast is awesome and has a large variety of items. The staff is super nice and friendly. I very much enjoyed my stay here.
1	Was scheduled to stay at this Hampton for four nights, starting the Monday before Thanksgiving.  When my family and I (2 adults, 2 small children) got to the room, found that the advertised queen beds were actually full size.  The closet was only able to accommodate 6-8 items, and only one drawer was provided for non-hanging clothing.The bathroom was gross.  Mildew all over the shower and tub, tiles were cracked, evidence of rot near the tub, etc.  The sink wouldn't stop dripping and the toilet wouldn't stop running.  We changed rooms to the one next door, which was moderately better.The advertised "complimentary hospitality event" for guests was actually limited to two soft drinks per room, and there was a charge for beer.We ended up checking out after one night, and went around the corner to the Hilton Garden Inn.  Lower room rate by $20/night, newly renovated rooms, true queen beds, full size closet, three full dresser drawers for clothes and a Keurig coffee maker in the room!  So glad we left the Hampton Inn!
3	I stayed at this hotel for three nights on business. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I agree with many of the other reviews that the rooms need some TLC. We held a company conference in the hotel and the staff provided us with everything we needed. The hotel offers complimentary wifi which is pretty good. The hotel offers a complimentary breakfast that is pretty good and has a decent variety. Every night I was there they also offered a complimentary dinner. Every guest got two canned drinks for free, a lot of people got beer. They always had coffee available and late at night they put out cookies. I didn't love the accommodations in the room but the service was exceptional.
1	Fire alarms went off at 4am. None of the workers told us what was going on. Could barely hear the fire alarm over my sleep
3	It's a fine spot as far as Hamptons go. Certainly not a new location - lobby is nice, rooms are old but clean. The windows opens which is a huge plus. Standard breakfast, friendly staff, below average workout room. Only 1 treadmill, 1 bike and kettle balls. Would have liked to check out the hilton garden inn next door - looked nicer.
