5	I love this store!!!  The owner is so accommodating and the service is all about meeting the customer needs.  They have the most up to date items and always seems to be doing events that are beneficial to the community. What a great addition to the Phoenix area- Little Jewelz is a Gem!
5	What a great store concept!  Little Jewelz doesn't feel like a second hand store, instead you feel like your walking into a super chic boutique. The clothes and jewelry are so cute and trendy!  This is my favorite place to shop for my kids and to sell all the cute stuff they've outgrown! The customer service is excellent too!
4	I've been into this adorable boutique just once, but I've looked in the window on several occasions as for some reason, I tend to stop by after hours... My husband heard about Little Jewelz from some friends and while neither of us are typically "consignment shoppers," we wanted to go check it out.It's true - it doesn't feel like a consignment store... more like a chic boutique with gently used and super cute items.  We are considering purchasing a dresser for the baby's room here.  We also found a super cute mirror that we were interested in, but were told the owner wouldn't part with it.  Lesson learned:  ask if something is for sale before falling in love with it!  (I guess you could look for a price tag too).  LJ has all kinds of cute clothing, jewelry, furniture, strollers, artwork, and more.  I'm sure we'll be returning once the baby comes, but wanted to share this really cute gem of a boutique with other yelpers that may be in the market for some fun kiddie-stuff now!
1	I had been a customer at this store for a few months and was pleased with them until recently.  I had called and put a rocker and ottoman on hold on a Friday afternoon letting the person I spoke to knwo that I would be in to get it on Saturday.  I even asked if I needed to provide my credit card information and was told "no, I will put it down under your name and we will see you tomorrow to get it."  When I arrived to pick it up on Saturday it was being loaded into the back of another customer's truck. I approached the woman behind the counter and told her I had called to put it on hold the day before - she stared at me like a deer in headlights and said "I am so sorry, we actually sold it earlier this morning."  The chair clearly had just been sold minutes before I arrived as it was still in the parking lot.The thing that upset me most was that the cashier simply stood there and said sorry - she did not offer a solution, she did not say anything else, she just stood there.  Needless to say I will not be shopping at the store any longer - it saddens me that the customer service could be so poor and that the store does not keep their word to their customers.
5	I love Little Jewelz. I bring all of my boys upscale clothing to Julie and she sells them for top dollar. You do not feel like your are walking into a second hand store at all, it is so beautiful! Julie will give you all of her attention and help you in any way!
