3	I grabbed a quick lunch here with a co-worker after we were traveling for what it seems like FOREVER. Since it was already after two when we sat down, we decided to get one appetizer and one sandwich to share. We started with Tempera Spicy Crab Roll and then moved on to the Triple Decker Sandwich. Both were very good and HUGE! The Tempera Spicy Crab Roll was my favorite. The only problem I had was that the roll was so big. It was so big that I couldn't fit the whole thing in my mouth - I literally had to cut it in half. The Triple Decker Sandwich was just as big, I had to eat it in sections. Great place to come with an appetite.
5	Be prepared to pay a lot for your entree, coffee, dessert etc..Typical Vegas restaurant just like the rest of the the strip all pricey and but the food was excellent and the service was perfect. I ordered the Buffalo Wings $12and French Fries $8, onion rings $8 and glass of ice water. $0  After the waitress took my order, I received my glass of water right away and my food came 15 minutes which isn't too bad and the servers were always checking up on me if the food was ok and if I needed a refill. The buffalo wings were perfectly cooked an the sauce was just right and not too spicy, the onion rings were deep fried and very crispy and so were the French Fries. I felt very taken care of and looked out for and that left me with a good impression on the Paradise Cafe but the price is a little to high for the kind of food ordered but hey    IT'S VEGAS!!  The waitress said we are allowed to bring food from the hotel restaurants (BB Kings, BLT, CPK, Carnegie Deli and Blizz from Yogurt) and not every hotel allows you to bring hotel food to the pool or even bottled water. So that was a good tip. =)
3	We tried this twice.  3 for me means I would go here. We had good quick lunch and good quick breakfast here outside of the less than attractive inside w casino.
1	Worst breakfast! Stone cold and just bad. Probably find better eggs in a McMuffin. Typical Vegas but what choice do you have?
4	After going to the Secret Garden to see the new white lion cubs, I stopped here for lunch when I found out that you could go here even if not a guest of the hotel. I was promptly seated with a good view of the pool area and the waterfall there.  No sooner than I sat down, my server Cathy arrived with a tall ice water.  She also broguht me an iced tea that I wanted. I ordered a turkey and bacon sandwich and I mentioned that I could always take half the wrap home with me.  Cathy pointed out it was a ciabatta sandwich.  I asked her if they could do it as a wrap and she replied that she didn't see where that would be a problem.  For a side, I got fries.The wrap was excellent, filled with much turkey and bacon and the fries were a good accompaniment.  I did not get dessert.  Instead, I got a to go box and took half the wrap and some fries home.It was so pleasant sitting there and watching the tourists--one of my favorite things to do in this wonderful city!  Even though the temperature was in the high 90s, the outdoor restaurant was pleasant.  They have a very good misting system.Since I have a year's pass to the Secret Garden, I think I'll stop more often during pool season when I go to visit the animals.
4	I had an exceptional breakfast here last weekend!!  As you can see from my pictures, the portions were huge (perhaps too much? Is there such a thing???)!   I had my usual "American" breakfast....two eggs scrambled with extra crispy hash browns and sourdough toast (the bacon was donated to my husband).  The breakfast was delicious and my hash browns were perfection.  I miss them already....
1	Are here for lunch. Ordered a medium burger that came well done. Burger was not only overcooked but boring with stale bread and fries were nothing special. My coworker had veggie burger and said it was not great either. Would not eat here for lunch again but I heard breakfast is good.
