3	Novotel is a Eurocentric chain of business hotels that is part of the European Accor Hotel family of brands, which include Ibis Hotels, and perhaps its most prolific US chain, Motel 6. I used to stay regularly in the Novotel Hotel in Glenn Waverly in the southeast suburbs of Melbourne, Australia, and it was efficient, moderately priced, and well run.This Novotel is similar and is located very close to the P.E.T. Montreal Airport, off highway 40 near highway 13. It is a 5 story hotel, pretty new with no signs of wear and tear, with modern Euro styled furnishings. The room is decent size, with a king size bed with a sheet and duvee-covered down comforter, and 3 king size pillows. The bathroom is also modern  Euro like with the more table like wash basin stand, a faux porcelain basin "bowl", with nice european fixtures. I always wondered why French and Japanese hotels have better bathroom fixtures, more stylish and functional, with faucets in sinks and bathtubs with smooth pouring streams of water, while American hotels have these funky rubber gasketed faucets that splatter about with the refinement of a fat ,spitting American tourist wondering why everyone in a foreign country doesn't speak English? This hotel is for business people, as there is no bathtub, only a nice tiled  large shower with adjustable slide/handheld shower head. The Novotel has a free airport shuttle van, a small restaurant with a buffet breakfast that only costs $9 CAD, and has a clean modern feel and ambiance. We only paid $99 CAD for a Friday night in spring.
3	A nice hotel recommended by some colleagues. It certainly has a Euro flair and is very clean & modern. It's a great place to stay for the money.
4	Stayed here for a week on a business trip.  It did the job and i thought it was very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful to this non-french speaker.  It also had a very nice restaurant and bar downstairs.  I also thought the price was reasonable.  I would definitely recommend it to others, and would stay there again.
3	Cheap hotel near the airport that is nice enough. Room was quite spacious, actually got what we believe is the handicapped room at the south end of the building. Looks nice and the bed frames are sort of fancy with their touch sensitive lighting controls. The room has a quite small tv and lacks enough furniture to put things down on or in. There is a definite lack of shelving in the restroom. We stayed in a two queen bed room for family and for some reason the room came only with two towels and two glasses. We spent an entire week here and gave up on the maid service. They do clean, but they also seem only capable of restoring your room to check in conditions. We have additional towels and cups for our additional people, but they keep removing them. Room came with a shampoo/conditioner, a shower gel, and two bars of soap. The coffee maker put some stuff in the water it made and only has capacity to produce a single cup of coffee at a time. Our handicap restroom is nice because it is spacious, however; the shower has no precipice that insures that water stays in the shower so the room would get a little saturated at times. Also there are no places to dry towels besides the shower curtain line. We ended up hanging towels off drawers. The AC (necessary in the summer) is okay, it can keep the room cold, but is slow to start. Last complaint would be not enough power outlets. The mini fridge was nice, and the safe worked well. Our room did NOT have a microwave. Free wifi is fantastic.
3	So... If I had published this review right after check in it would have been rated negative infinity stars... Long day and poor attention to detail in taking my reservation led to missed details and a horrendously misspelled name...Once we got all that figured out and the correct room we still had to get someone to come up to fix the TV. Fortunately room service (4 beers) was quick and friendly and about 10 minutes later I was in a far more agreeable mood. Lesson learned: should have written down the confirmation number. Whatever... Can't sweat the small stuff for long. The room was awesome (especially considering the price). They call it a "Superior" room but its really just a nice room with a big bed, nice bathroom, free breakfast, free pop...!!! Seriously superior!The staff were also very accommodating given my less than charitable attitude in dealing with the check-in delays. Not saying  that I was a complete ass but I was a bit testy. As I've pointed out in countless reviews: great service goes a long way.The superior room came with buffet breakfast (tasty) and a free mini fridge (no booze but lots of pop, Perrier and water). The bed was huge and comfortable and the bathroom (shower but no tub) was good.This hotel greatly exceeded my expectations (especially for the price) and I'll be back. Hopefully check in will work out better the next time so that I can bump up my stars.
4	This is a great hotel.   Very comfortable, staff was very nice.  The price was excellent.  My only gripe was that I expected the location to be near the airport, since it is called the Novotel Montreal Airport. But in reality this hotel is next to the lover end of the airport and opposite by a great distance from terminals etc.  Not a huge deal as they have a shuttle that runs starting at 0600.  Lots of road construction going on during our stay so if you are going this summer factor in that you may have some trouble locating this place using GPS due to all of the road closures in the area.
