5	GearHead has been servicing my commercial fleet for my home theater installation business for over a month now. I met Joe Woodmansee, the owner of the auto shop, at a networking group in phoenix. I could tell immediately that Joe was a auto care professional that made it his personal commitment to provide honest, quality service. I started using GearHead to service my personal vehicle as well as my commercial installation vans for my home theater business.   I am extremely confident that my car is going to continue to run smooth, and I will never have to worry about one of my installers being late for a job due to vehicle problems. Vehicle maintenance is not an expense, it's an investment especially for businesses. The amount of years added to the end of your cars life will more than pay for itself. I recommend GearHead Auto Center to anyone looking for quality and honest service at a more than fair price.
5	Gearhead Auto Center is ran by 3 amazing technicians and can correctly and quickly diagnose and report back to you exactly what is wrong, pricing, as well as options you have as a customer. Being that I run a used car dealership, this is VERY important to me. About 15 times a month I bring a vehicle into Gearhead, and they call me within a few hours, and save me thousands of dollars. They care for my happiness, they care for my customers happiness, and as well they fix the problems fast, affordabley, and correctly. There's even free chocolate bars inside to munch on. I would most definitely recommend Gearhead Automotive Center, (or Gearhead Garage as I call it) to do any repair work regardless of the technical depth or physical difficulties that vehicles problems present, they will track it down, nail it, and you will be driving so happily. Thank you Gearhead!!
5	This establishment has given me the best service I have ever received in my 57 year life!  It combines professional high tech services with backyard mechanic thinking. Two other mechanics located closer to where I live & work looked at my van & said they couldn't get a computer code reading that tells them what needs to be repaired.  Joe at Gearhead agreed to spend some time with my van to see if he could help. I received a number of updates throughout the day advising me of his progress. Then he sent me pictures on my iPhone showing me the problem. Joe ordered the parts & in a couple days, my van was running like new!  They were very fair priced & honest. I felt comfortable from start to finish that I was in good hands with Geargead.  They are located a half hour drive from where u live, but they are worth it!
5	These guys are great! They saved my butt. I needed to have a full tank of fuel drained down to one quarter tank to take the F150 into the convention center. Not as easy as it sounds!
5	The guys at gearhead were super helpful with me and my check engine light. They took the time to figure out what was wrong with it and were extremely good priced. They were honest and upfront about everything and didn't beat around the bush or try to charge me for something I didn't need (like other places I've been to)  I would definitely recommend the guys over there
5	Gearhead Auto did a fantastic job repairing my SUV after it was hit from behind. They dealt with the insurance claim for me so it was such an easy process! My SUV now looks and drives better than ever! I will definitely use Gearhead again and highly recommend them!
5	Thanks,  Gearhead!  You took the time to explain the repairs and their priority so I could budget them into my current finances.  Not all shops I have been to, take such good care of their customers. The repairs they did have made my car work so much better. Although,  I recommend not serving candy bars for breakfast in the waiting room.  Next time try donuts.
5	Wow, where do I start!  Joe first helped me with my grandmothers Cadillac.  She is by herself and her car broke down.  I made one simple call to Joe with Gear Head and he brought her car in, worked on it and told us exactly what was wrong and a few days later my grandma was up and running around again!  Then one of my company vehicles had been broken into.  Joe was so easy to work with.  He was very informative and he fixed what was wrong for less than my deductible!  I now take my whole fleet of trucks to Joe!  Thank you for all you have done!  You and your business have amazing service!
5	I've been looking for great mechanic for years. I have two cars and struggled to find a repair center who had the knowledge and expertise to work on my Corvette.Gearhead was recommended so I gave them a try. Joe, the owner, is extremely honest. His technicians did excellent work and only recommended what was necessary. Excellent service, care, and prices. I would only take my vehicles to Gearhead !
