4	Every great once in a while I'll have a craving for a triple burger from Wendy's. This hasn't resulted in a heart attack yet, so I'll try and keep this craving to once or twice a year. But, I have to say, this is the best fast food burger out there, and although I wouldn't want you to make a habit of eating like this, I do recommend it... Once or twice a year!
4	Oh, finally a Wendy's with some decency!  I've eaten here at this location on and off for the past few years, and today was no different. I was on the way to the Arabian Horse show at Westworld, and my stomach was grumblng-loudlyI came in here to have an early lunch before I headed into the event. This place over the years has always been one of my favorite locations because their always consistent.  Food is hot and ready, staff is friendly and the dining area's always clean.  Today I went with the combo # 1, and it was out in no time.  Bathrooms were well stocked and clean, and the condiment's were well stocked. I will say I like this location more then others. Kind of buried in the shopping center, but its clean and nice just about every single time I go here.  Oh, and their new breakfast's?  AWESOME!
3	This is an average Wendy's restaurant.  It's very clean and the service is average.  We come here every once in a while with our Son to grab a quick bite to eat.  Here are some items we've had in the past:Single w/Cheese, $3.59http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-old-fashioned-hamburgers-scottsdale-2?select=8dCuDinDhadeFmKChjtMhA#8dCuDinDhadeFmKChjtMhAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-old-fashioned-hamburgers-scottsdale-2?select=MPnEjGm7qtm9Y6rgbjSHbg#MPnEjGm7qtm9Y6rgbjSHbgJr Cheeseburger Deluxe, $.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-old-fashioned-hamburgers-scottsdale-2?select=AUe9voztqjvTBT436q24RA#AUe9voztqjvTBT436q24RASmall Chocolate Frosty, $.99Med Chocolate Frosty, $1.59http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wendys-old-fashioned-hamburgers-scottsdale-2?select=92xkiHLRf8FwaqXr3GPG7A#92xkiHLRf8FwaqXr3GPG7AIt's a fast food restaurant, not much going on here.  As long as it stays clean and offers fast/accurate service we'll be back.Return Factor - 60%
3	Quick drive thru if you are on a lunch break, nice staff.  Went at an off time for a small fry and small frosty since I was hungry and needed a snack (~2 p.m.).  Fries were hot and tasted fresh and the frosty was delicious as always.Parking lot is poorly designed, so it can back up into the main road, which blocks traffic flow and irritates other drivers.  It can also block you into a parking spot in their already rather small private parking lot and you will need to wait for a kind driver to not move forward in the line for you to be able to back out.  I would recommend parking in the lot close by and walking over to avoid this dilemma!
3	Used to get combos meals a lot, but lately I've only getting the food from the 99 cents menu.  All the hamburger portions are so tiny, don't really think it's worth the money eating here anymore.  Frosty drink is always good, no matter what size you get, I can never get enough of it.
2	Never consistent. I was in twice this week. On my first visit I ordered a potato, chicken nuggets and a kids size frosty. I paid at the first window and when I reached the second they tried to collect money from me, when I informed her I already paid at the first window she asked if I was sure that I already paid. I wasn't OK with her implying I was lying about paying for my lunch. After all that confusion they handed me my lunch, told me to have a nice day and I drove away. One I got about 10 feet ahead I realized they never handed me my frosty but at this point it was too late. A car was already at the window and since it's lunch time the parking lot was a disaster and I wasn't going back. My second visit was yesterday, I ordered a kids meal but it didn't have a toy inside. While this isn't a huge deal to me since it was for myself. But, if I had a kid in the back seat waiting on a toy, I'd be pretty upset. In previous visits I'm usually missing an item 2 out of 5 times. Whether it's butter for my potato, dressing for my salad or a straw for my drink.
1	Came in dressed for work, though admittedly with my wheeled cart because I was on my way to Walmart. This was apparently sufficient to get me the "delay until the customer leaves" treatment.You're a crappy burger joint near a Walmart. You have no justification for this level of snobbery.
