2	If you go here to have a mole taken off, DO NOT let one of the PA's do it (physician assistant).  He butchered me a year ago.  I have never been on Yelp but felt the need to get on here to give this place a rating to warn others.  The PA "Mike", tall black guy with dreads, and very lackadazical attitude, was absolutely horrible.  Very poor in communication.  Told me he was going to do one thing, but did another while under the knife.  I have 3 very horrible scars, and a 1" patch of hair missing from a very small bump taken off my scalp.  He said it would just be a 3 or 4 mm diameter circle punch and one or two stiches, but under the knife he gave me just over an inch long cut with 8 stiches.  He failed to tell me the under skin stitches may try to push out of skin, which they did, caused scar tissue and permanent hair loss.  6 months later i went back to complain, and the Doctor there fixed it the best he could, for free, which is why I'm giving this place at least 2 stars.  Theres still noticable hair loss.  I'm always having to explain the HORRIBLE 2" scar i have on my shoulder, which should not be there for a simple mole removal.  I'm always told I'm a good looking guy and now i have these scars.  I chose this place because they could get me in quick, within a week or so (before my insurance changed), as opposed to a reputable doctor with a waiting list of 4 months or so.  Big mistake I will always regret.  Also, the secretaries are very sub par, lazy, and the phone system sucks.  If you're on your way and can find the place, or if you need to let them know you're running late, YOU CAN'T GET THRU and theres no clear way to get in touch with someone thru the phone system.  It leads you to the wrong departments and doctor.  They also accidentally billed me twice.  If I wasn't on top of things I would have paid the $400 bill which insurance had already covered.
4	Went here a few weeks ago for my yearly (happened last 3 years ago...ha) skin scan. Large comfortable waiting area with TV's, though didn't wait long. Had a lot of questions and the Doctor was very helpful. Thorough and informative. Nurses followed up sooner than expected on the results. Place is a little tricky to find. If you're using mapquest or the map app, it's a little off, so make sure you go through the Firefighter Rd. intersection (coming from Uptown area) and take the next right into the complex...2630 building is all the way in the back.
4	Made an appt on Tues and asked for first available since I had a minor issue and found them through my insurance website - was able to get an appoint the following Friday.  Check in was easy and they seem very organized , I had maybe a 10 min wait from the time I entered until I was called back (my appt was 8:30am).  I saw Michael Anthony ,  I believe he is one of the PA's . He was pretty thorough and allowed me to ask questions and even showed me some pictures on the computer of different conditions. As the other yelper said it is kinda hard to find, just go all the way to back of the office complex and you will see a sign for the building number. Overall a good visit I will be returning if I have any other dermatology needs.
