5	These guys work wonders with flowers! If you are looking for something truly unique, Hens and Chicks will make it happen. They are extremely conceptual and unique.
5	Hens and Chicks turned a tent into an affair!  When family and friends complimented us on our wedding, it began with...."The flowers were gorgeous...who did them?"  I was pleased to say "Hens and Chicks", knowing that I could give a strong recommendation without any hesitation.  They worked within our budget to create an atmosphere, not just flowers on a table.  They listened to my wants and needs as a bride and went above my expectations.  The flowers were healthy on a very hot day.  My bouquet had brilliant color and my other wedding vendors claimed it to be the most beautiful bouquet they had ever seen.  They used a mix of flowers and vases that highlighted their creativity and true artistry of the craft.  I highly recommend!
5	I own the Andrew Leo Hair Salon on Walnut St. and we have a new arrangement in the salon every week. Everyone loves each new arrangement. We never know what we're getting, but have really enjoyed having a fresh and artistic floral touch. And oh the candles they make are absolutely wonderful.
5	I called Hens and Chicks to order Mother's Day flowers based on great reviews here and beautiful photos on their website. Since I'm out of town, I felt like I might be at a disadvantage, but wanted to support a local business, so I gave them a try. In a brief phone conversation, I described what I was hoping to deliver to my mother, and they exceeded expectations.  Gorgeous flowers, beautifully presented, with outstanding customer service. I enthusiastically recommend!
5	Full disclosure, Nathan is one of my best friends from high school. But please trust me when I say, he and Tom are absolutely two of the most talented florists I have ever seen. Not only did they do my wedding flowers, but Nathan consulted on every single detail of my wedding from the decore to my dress (which he picked out) to what the bridesmaids were wearing... he styled a wedding for me that is worthy of any bridal magazine (and I am not trying to toot my own horn, he really was the master creator of my wedding!). I have gotten so many compliments on the flowers that i can't even keep track. They did an absolutely phenomenal job and I could not have asked for anything more. There are so many details to think about when planning a wedding, but if you hire Hens and Chicks, flowers is one thing you will not have to worry about. Just share your vision with them, and let them run with it, I gaurantee you will not be dispointed.
5	I needed a floral piece to be sent to my sister in law who lives in Pittsburgh (I live in Phoenix, AZ) post surgery.  I didn't want to use an internet provider as I am extremely bored with the same arrangements over and over again.  I wanted to send her something sweet and unique and utilize a local business.Clarkie was incredible helpful over the 2-3 weeks we chatted and didn't collect payment from me until the day of delivery!  It was the most pleasant floral order experience I have ever had.This is the way to go in Pittsburgh, if only for the quality of the service, but the flowers were so pretty too!  Perfect :)
5	Nathan is the most amazing person and they do the most amazing work!!!  Worth every penny.  If you want a beautiful wedding or event these are your people.
5	Nathan helped transform the event room in the Renaissance Hotel into a beauty for our rehearsal dinner! We wanted the flowers to be different from the wedding (which was all fall colors), he took this to make a green wonderland! Thank you for making the night so magical!
