5	I have been going to this training gym for about 4 weeks, and quite satisfied with the value, results and staff.I joined the "body transformation program" which means that I go for training 3 times a week, and have nutritional counseling available as needed.  The trainers gave me some forms that I use to log my food intake each day, and once per week give me feedback on my diet and what I should continue and change.From what I can tell there are 3 trainers at this gym, my trainer is Scott.  I don't have a whole lot to say since I've only been going for 4 weeks, but I did pay for another month and feel like they are meeting my expectations.
5	To put it simple . . . Jason Smith ROCKS!  I trained with Jason all last year.  Jason assisted me to lose weight, gain lean muscle all while being a complete joy to work out with.  I truly am not able to say enough wonderful things about Jason.  He genuinely cares for his clients on a real level and makes sure you reach your goals.  He is supportive, motivating and has a huge heart.  Jason will DEFINITELY get you the results you desire.  You absolutely will not be disappointed.  I recommend Jason to all of my friends and clients and will continue to do so.
5	I've been going here for about 4 months now and have seen great results. They keep a fast paced creative workout, only 30 mins in most cases. For as many times as I've gone, 3 x week for 4 months, we always do a new exercise that keeps things from being boring. Of course the workout are targeted and they keep a log of everything. If you can afford it the personal assistance can't be beat. I was in ok shape going in, and it is still a challange everytime. All the trainers are pros, i worked with Jason and he is patient and professional.
2	The guys are awesome...but there's a catch.  RE training:  I don't know what voodoo they do, but I'm seeing more results in 30 minutes a day, 3 days a week than I do pumping through my "normal" workout for an hour.  Trainers are super-cool and smart as hell.  I lost 30 lbs over 3 months!  Definitely worth the money!  But...Why 2 stars, you ask?  Well, had an emergency and had to move back to home state. Had prepaid for 22 sessions and was only able to use 2. When I called about some sort of refund, was told there were no refunds...that was not a small chunk of change.  Just know that before you do any sort of "prepay for 4 months" thing or whatever.  Nice people, though:  seriously (not being sarcastic).  Just need clearer communication on refund policy.
5	I love Jason Smith Fitness! I've been with Jason and his trainers for nearly a year and I have zero complaints. I'm in the best shape of my life and they've truly become like family to me.  Give their free Saturday am class a try and find out for yourself. You won't regret it!Jason wants to see you succeed. I've seen the guy sit down and have long conversations with his clients after a workout if they're having a bad day, not giving their all or just being lazy. If you're serious about fitness this is the place to be!
5	I have been a client of Jason Smith Fitness for almost two years.   I appreciate the attention to detail and personalized approach he and his team take to my weekly training.  Jason strives to see you succeed and his knowledge in personal training makes for a never ending adventure in new techniques and workouts - you will never get bored.  I have been in the best shape of my life...if you want results this is the place for you.
5	I have been working out 4-5 times per week and was not getting the results I desired while using LA Fitness and Orange Thery Fitness. I made the decision to find a private trainer to take my fitness and body to a better level. I interviewed and had a session with a fine master trainer at LA Fitness and liked the session but in the middle of a big gym like that I was a spectical and did not like everyone watching. I visited Vitality and and other gym and interviewed the system they offered. Then I went to Jason at FIIT and the deal was done. He is a great and skilled trainer in a perfect boutique gym. He set up a nutrition and fitness plan and I am one week into the system and have lost 5 pounds from 171 19% body fat to 166 with 17% body fat. My goal is 160 and 12% and feel he can get me there.Todays workout was painful and a killer but thats what it will take. I would highly recoomend Jason and David.
5	My 3rd month working out with Jason. I have seen amazing results that are measured. From 170 to 164 pounds and from 18% body fat to 12%I am happy and getting very fit. His guidance on nutrition is amazing.
5	I have been coming to Jason for personal fitness training now for three months. The results have been great and I am transforming my average body into a good body and by the end of summer into a great body . His nutrition guidance has been key.
