1	My boyfriend and I took our new puppy here for her first groom last week. Exciting time for us all! But once we got over how different she looked after getting shaved, we started to notice what a horrible job they'd done. Stray hairs everywhere, very uneven trim. After removing her bows it looks like her hair was cut while in the bows. She looks like she has a little bit of a mullet now:(Her nails were trimmed very badly. And she was still matted. Then they wanted to complain that she doesn't like being groomed.! NEVER AGAIN!! We paid $60 for this.!
4	I only went in to buy a few fish the other day, but the two ladies who were working in the aquarium area were so helpful its my new favorite fish place. They explained what fish would be best for my biTube, introduced me to a nice snail to clean my tank, and overall just made the experience very nice, quick and satisfying. I'll be going back for sure.Based on the other reviews, not sure I'd ever bring my dogs in there, and if they do actually sell dogs and cats that's very bad mojo. However, for fish, its a-ok.
4	Cats eating us  out of house and home!  We have three and some like the dry stuff and some like the can.  Not to mention the kitty litter!  We love em and Petsmart has what we want, so we stop in often. A quick trip to Micheal's next store reminded me I needed food for the little darlings, so at lunch, made it in without long lines.  A really good place to find a large selection of pet items!
5	We go to this store the most, for picking up Nutro dry food for our cocker-spaniel and sometimes, turtle food, as well as for grooming appointments- this is probably the best grooming department between this one and the eastern/patrick one (the other one we go to, sometimes). The location is super convenient because it's close to a group of strip malls- including stores like Michael's and Wal-Mart. The people working here seem to know their stuff (the products) and they really like when customers bring their dogs, too. There are cleaning stations for, ahem, pet accidents; our cocker-spaniel always has to pee or poop, it seems (did I mention that he is high-maintenance, compared to my 14-year-old lab-pit mix?). Even in the parking lot, there are dog bags for your dog's silly number 2 business. The trash can is in front of the store. This store always seems to be organized and clean, too, which is really important. The parking lot is equally in order.
4	i love Petsmart!  best pet store.  big, bright, and easy to navigate!  this one is located right next to Walmart...and the only negative is this shopping complex...very hard to get on and off Charleston or Decatur.
5	I come here quite often to by my dogs supplies. Mrs Ivy, a lady that works on the Nutro department is always so helpful. She's knows her stuff and she even remembers me and my puppy when we come here.
3	The store is nice & clean, the workers are very friendly but doesn't go out of there way to help you. They have a lot of expired dog food & treats. This is my second time here and I thought there will be no more expired stuff. But I was wrong. They seems to be more. Watch out now. Look at the back of the dog food or on the bottom for expiration date.
4	I go here to get my dog food and dog utilities. Staff is nice, if you run into them they will help. The store is always clean!
4	While I'm not a fan of most corporation pet stores, I do like this place because of the adoption centers they have. You can always catch me in the back by the kitty room, playing with all the cats that I probably end up adopting sooner or later.I wish they served more organic type, healthy pet foods. Most of it is popular brand name garbage that isn't even good for your pets.
4	I am a fan of PeTSMart.  Got to know them very well in Colorado, especially in Arvada and Westminster, there. Very fair prices on premium dog and cat food, such as Iams, and SCIENCE DIET. Also, excellent prices on Purina and all lower quality foods. Clean store to shop in, and, this store especially has great pets for adoption, including dogs and cats in good health. Friendly help, always. I've never been disappointed shopping there. It's in my 'neighborhood' near where I live so it's easy to reach. Definitely, a place to shop again and again.
2	Well, the animals look active and healthy here, which is more than some other pet stores can say. Lots of rodents and birds, and an entire section of fish tanks to make your selection. Didn't pay attention to whether they had saltwater fish available.Came in initially looking for a timed feeder for my cat so that I wouldn't need to find a friend to feed him during a quick trip to California. Browsed the entire store looking for them but didn't encounter any sales associates aside from the one at the register.Finally found one in the dog section- and only one. And at three times the going rate online. You'd think a place that specializes in pet supplies would have more than one- at this rate I feel like I would have been better off going to Walmart. And it probably wouldn't have been $100 there.EDIT: Purchased the feeder, and my cat broke into it and ate a week's worth of food in less than 2 days. Returns only accepted with a receipt, but they are quick and painless.
4	Plenty many fishies on sale. Wish the managers were a little more attentive to employees and customers needing assistance.  There are a couple employees who are downright rude, but I haven't seen them since the new manager started. He seems to be running a tighter ship. I stopped buying my wild birdfood here, too many moths. The rest of the produdts seem great, Store is clean, no smell, and the fish tanks are well tended, if sparsely decorated.  I'm refilling two tanks, since I moved I haven't had time. Great sales here, makes it easier on the wallet.
5	I have used PetSmart for years for my puppy to get her hair cut. I have recently moved and have started using this location since it is the closest to my home. I have always been pleased with PetSmart grooming but Jess at this location does an exceptional job! Bubbles always comes home looking great. I also am impressed with how clean this location is. Lastly, they are very good at not keeping her for long periods of time. At the other PetSmart I used to take her to, I could drop Bubbles off at 8Am and still not have her ready until noon or 1PM. Both times I have used the grooming department here, I have received the call to pick her up in about two hours!
2	I've gone there for dog grooming and dog food.  On the grooming side it's hit or miss.  Different personnel each time some of whom ignore or don't read written instructions/history.  It can be very frustrating.  They are friendly, but each trip there is like the first time they've ever seen you or your dog.  The store is usually clean.
