5	Welcome to Fashion Square Barney's!Oh my do you perfect the new wing of Scottsdale Fashion Square, it's about time you made your way to the Valley. You're not as large and expansive as the Dillard's or Nieman Marcus, but you're jam-packed full of chic clothes one can only expect you to carry. Oh, and parking beneath you is the best place to park at Fashion Square. It's the only easy way to get back onto Scottsdale Road. Hello valet parking!
5	WOW, talk about roll out the red carpet!  How can you resist shopping with a glass of wine in hand?  Shop, Shift and Schmooze event with Barrett Jackson & AZ Foothills Magazine was a fun shopping experience.Topping it all off was visiting Fred's for tinis afterward :-) (see my other review for that)
3	I headed up to Scottsdale Fashion Square to check out the Christmas decorations along with the newly remodeled wing and Barneys.  The store was completely empty.  I was the only "customer" on the first floor and one of two on the second floor.  All I can see is WEIRD....I don't get the concept, it's like a museum trying to be a department store....stange decorations, very cold, lots of chrome.  I was comparing it to Bloomingdales in downtown SF....a completely different "vibe".  Although I'm a die hard bargain shopper who's been hit by the recession, I wouldn't spend $1,800 for a pair of plain black leather sandals if $100 bills grew on the tree in my front yard....I just don't get it.
4	barneys, you're a rubbleyou've got some big flintstonesto open up a store like thisscottsdale's new fashion homefor all the bangin' bettys with daddy's platinum cardwhat wilma money get me?your clams won't go too farin search of retail quarrythe quandary? find a dealas I grovel midst the gravelbeneath the malls well heeledand kept  queens of the stoneagebolders on hands & chests bring dino and dineroand then, some more of itlayman or a cavemana pebble for my thoughts?no matter who, it's priceyfelt like, badluck schleprock while in their rockin' restaurantnamed after main man, fred  dine on your poobah's amexgo home, thank him in bed'cause merchandise at barneyswill clean your misters' slateso betty, make his bedrock  and make sure he feels greatwham bamm bamm, say thank you, ma'amshout yabba-dabba-doo!cuz when his amex bill arrivesit'll kick his great gazoohttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flintstonesmuch like the flintstones, barneys, you rock....  just can't afford ya  : (
1	Barney's represents everything I hate in the world. Granted this is coming from someone whose never spent more than about 40 bucks on an article of clothing (besides shoes). Barney's consists of overpriced  yet cheaply made clothing for elitist assholes.  Let me summarize Barney's in one quick story. We walk in...I meander over to a rack of women's shirts that are apparently 'on sale'. I find one that looks particulary average. I check the price tag. On sale for 450 bucks. As I'm checking the tag, the shirt starts to rip at the seam even though I'm only gently twisting the tag. Also...notice..."Made in China" on the back. Quality clothing MY ASS. There's nothing special going on here. If you were to take these clothes and hide them with other 'regular' clothes in a shitty thrift store like Savers, 99% of people wouldn't know which clothes are from actually from Barneys. Conversely...you could take a shirt from Savers...put it in Barneys with a 300 dollar price tag...and some douche bag who drives a Ferrari will pounce on it because he thinks it's trendy.I hope this place goes out of business. That would make me happy. We've gone in here a few times and the place was deserted each time, I hope that's a sign that people are learning to not get duped by the hype machine. If you shop here, I'm laughing at you.0/5.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. Please don't ever leave! The shoe salon is the best and blows away any other selection in AZ. Want better? Go to NY or CA... Barney's other locations.
4	I came in here tonight, hoping to find something to buy. I found way too much to buy and not enough in my bank account or luggage to bring it home! They are fully stocked with the latest designers and also have hard to find shoes from Louboutin! I really want the leopard studded sneakers! Umm can anyone get them for x-mas for me? hehehehThe customer service is amazing. I walked by every staff member and they all greeted me with friendly smiles. That is rare to find especially in a snobby store like Barneys!
5	Maureen at the Sue Devitt makeup counter is truly wonderful! She is an expert in her field.
5	Barney's is my favorite department store, hands down in The Valley. They carry all the best men's designers that I can't find elsewhere and can easily drop a paycheck or two in one visit because their selection is incredible. If they don't have it in your size or in stock, ask for them to ship it to you from New York. Krista in men's is the best!!
3	I love Barneys New York . . . In NYC. It's just not the same here in Scottsdale. Plus, every time I go there, the store is empty of shoppers. But someone is spending money there, right?  Cause they're still open?!
1	So it's no wonder this store is going down a quick death. These employees lack professionalism and managers who care. When the manager of the handbags is sitting down propping her feet up on another barstool "assisting" a customer, its clear they aren't in the business of Service. Please. No wonder they have no customers. Neimans - you have no competition
5	Great service!!  I have all my jeans altered here even if I purchased them somewhere else and the always do it with not protest.
1	Tick, tock, tick, tock... The sound of the countdown till the inevitable closure of this pretentious shithole. Don't get me wrong: I'm not going to write a review lambasting the evils of a $400 made-in-China t-shirt. For a girl as into gross consumerism as I, one would think Barney's would represent the ultimate altar at which to worship.That said, I still work hard to earn every damn penny, and still expect a certain level of service at this price point. I will tell you that the customer service at my ghetto Target is heads and shoulders superior to that of Barney's. I have walked in with photos of an item, knowing they carry the designer, and asked them to find it for me. They take my number and email and smile and nod, but then........... crickets. I attempt to return a defective handbag (GASP!) past the sacred 30-day window in which returns are accepted. Much hemming and hawing and excuses and the bag is surrendered, mysteriously sans refund, with promises of a call from the manager. Again............. crickets. I have to stalk the handbag department to see how the Queen Manager has deigned to handle my quandary (for those dying to know, they sent the bag back to the manufacturer for repair without telling me). I walk through the shoe department, clearly lingering over a certain item, and.............. crickets. I can see a sullen young man with waxed eyebrows giving me the side eye from the back room, but............ crickets. Is it me? It's not Foot Locker, for fuck's sake. I'm not going to wave the shoe at him from across the room and holler out my size. Sorry. I'm not sure why the staff goes MIA. I'm certain that gossiping and doing each other's makeup does not take up a disproportionate chunk of their workday. I'm not 18 (read: will not make you bring out every shoe for me to try on for fun) and I'm carrying the same bag you're selling 20 feet away (read: have AMEX/will shop), so I'm not really sure what else I need to do to get some damn help.Additionally, against my better judgement, I also sent my poor SO here to have all his suits and grown-up stuff altered when he lost weight and decided he wanted to pretend he was a J. Crew model. I figured the average tailor was not going to be on the cutting edge (heh) of this season's suit cut, but surely of-the-moment Barney's tailor would! Sadly, the seamstress, while perfectly friendly and competent, had just as many challenges with English and as little knowledge of trends as the $10-hem-while-you-wait place on the corner. The only difference was that the changing room was fancier -- she still needed an excess amount of direction, when we came to her hoping she would have the expertise to run the show. Sorry, Barney's. I realize you carry a lot of niche labels and items not otherwise available in retail locations in this state. In the golden age of the Interwebs, though, your benefit of exclusivity is gone. Now who wants to place bets on what store will fill their empty space!?
4	Compared to their other locations, the Scottsdale location is small and carries nothing.  But when you look at how horrible people dress in our fine state, then you know why this Barneys doesn't carry Rick Owens, or Junya Watanabe like their other locations.  Yes, the selection is lacking, but the menswear selection is the best in the whole state.  It is wonderful edited with simple, classic, modern essentials.  The most eccentric designer they carry on the men's floor is Etro, and that is conservative compared to what the L.A. or NYC locations carry.  If you're looking for jeans, they have a wonderful selection ranging from A.P.C., Nudie, to your basic AG's and Levi's (the made in U.S.A. line).  Their shoe selection is small but edited.  They carry Harry's of London, Crockett & Jones, to Lanvin sneakers.  The suiting area is a bit of a disappoint.  The used to carry Kiton and Isai, but at least they still have Etro, Armani Collezioni, and their private brand (made by Canali).  Niemen's suiting selection is better, but Barney's is still able to compete.  Their dress shirts and tie selection is the best I have seen.  I know of no one else carrying Duchamp or Richard James ties.  I was ecstatic when I saw this location carried Guy Rover dress shirts.  They also have Isai shirts and ties (as of 3 months ago at least).  In conclusion, though Barney's may be small, the selection is wonderfully edited.  The service is top notch and the staff is very helpful and will answer your questions.
5	This is how shopping should be experienced. Beautiful clothes and knowledgable staff.         If you have a negative review of this place, you are either poorly dressed or unable to afford the brands sold here.
5	Impressed by hassle free returns, and the pair of loafers I scored for a song.
5	Had two wonderful experiences here within the same week. Decided to stroll in because of the warehouse sale and see what might be marked down. Let me tell you it was awesome! Great selection and things were marked down quite a bit from they're original price. Beyond that the staff was very friendly and courteous. Offered me water and took things into the dressing room as I picked them out. Overall great experience. Walked out with some awesome clothes. A couple days later I decided I wanted to exchange on of the shirts for something else and the guy in the mens department (I unfortunately didn't catch his name) made it completely hassle free. The store has a nice open layout and a lot of natural light was really awesome. Thanks for the great experience Barney's and thanks to their nice staff as well.
2	We ventured into Barneys since we haven't ever been in one, and I have to say that we most likely won't venture back in.  It was clean, well organized, and everything seemed to be easy to find and although it's a smaller store, decent options.  That being said - we were the ONLY people in the store (all two floors) which was semi-weird and uncomfortable.  We were completely ignored by the staff despite being the only people in the store, not even so much as a hello.  The items that they had for sale weren't things we would be overly interested in given that they were just normal clothes, with normal material and ten times the price of other places.  It's not a bad place to pop in and see what fashion is currently hot, but otherwise I don't see the real pull for this store.  Overall: C+Clean, organized, nice deco but overpriced, small, and ignored by staff completely.
3	This is the place where people with expensive taste shop at.  For me, it's just window shopping.  Clean store, friendly employees and great lighting.  Great place to go if you like to see fancy art works.
4	Staff working in the handbag/accessories department was super friendly. She and I bonded over the Dead Kennedys and Interpol -- made the shopping experience fun! Really fits the Barney's New York standard.
5	5 stars for Monika - who is also a Creed specialist, but Barneys doesn't carry Creed - and the rest of the gang in the fragrance department. A good fragrance specialist is akin to a sommelier in that both help you pair notes and flavors to what you're looking for. One time, I told Monika I wanted to smell "like a lemon tree" and she and I worked to find some scents with citrus and woody notes. Try that anywhere else and you might walk away with a can of Pledge. I also dig the Frederic Malle scent tube. I don't think it's operational but it's cool to see one in person. Rich's recommendation: come for the clothes and shoes, sure, and top it off with your perfect scent.
5	The staff was very nice. Really injoyed shopping here. Got some new pollo shirts. Not bad on deals.
4	Yeah it's expensive, we know! I come here for sneakers. Balenciaga sneakers are somewhat hard to find specially in Arizona. Barney's gets them but they sell fast. The employees will contact you if you want when they come in to assure you get what you want. Overall nice place staff is friendly. I stop By Everytime I'm in the area.
5	Just because it's an ultra-high end store does not mean the associates are all snobs.  I usually stop by a couple times a year to splurge on things, and have always been greeted and attended to by the staff.  My girlfriend purchased some Tatcha skin products from a helpful sales associate (I don't remember her name) they discussed some things and was happy with the product.  I was actually looking for some Margiela sneakers that were sold out online, but found out they were all shipped out of the store.  If you are looking for something that is sold out online, ask an associate, chances are they are able to find it for you from another store and ship it to you.
1	Love Barneys the brand...and their other locations, but this store lacks good people and their customer service is awful.
