3	I stayed at the Palms Place over the weekend with wifey. Before check out on Monday morning, we decided to scope out the babes by the pool. Unfortunately, the pool was empty, with the exception of two families with their children. Epic fail. The pool itself was okay. It was small, but clean and efficient. The pool is enclosed by bungalows that are available for rent. It comes with TV, Safe, and a fridge. There's a nice fire pit that people can sit by and a hot tub. The one thing I don't like is how the Palms place restaurant overlooks the pool. I'm already self-conscious about my body, so the last thing I need is a restaurant full of people, watching this fatty swim with his t-shirt on.
3	For a pool that is not very big, they have too many cabanas you must reserve and not enough lawnchairs to lay out and sun.Not sure why there is a fireplace at the pool and I also went once with my husband and got very speedy poolside service from the bar, but when I first went alone, NOT ONE  waitress would give me the time of day until I had to flag one down for a drink.
1	It's 90+ degrees and the Pool closes immediately at 6pm.  When it is open, there's no shade from the Scalding Sun.  It's High Priced misery in the Desert.
5	Comfy chairs, clean water, very chill
3	The pool was clean as was the surrounding area.  We took the kids to go swim and escape the heat promptly at 9 am when it opened.  After about an hour the lifeguard was complaining about being out there and wanting relief.  It does kinda suck having the restaurant patrons watching your every move.All in all the pool is okay.  At its deepest it is 4 feet, the shallow is 6 inches.  It is great for kids however the lifeguards are very nit picky over what they can and can't do....always felt like we were being watched.  And it sucks that it closes at 6 pm...what pool closes at 6?
3	This is as mellow is mellow can be in Vegas. The pool area is actually pretty small and the water doesn't get very deep. The waitresses are pretty cute in their skimpy bikinis. The cabanas outnumbered the pool chairs which didn't bother us because we scored one of the pool bed. They were pretty awesome. They're pretty much giant comfy ottomans that you could sleep on. I think my girlfriend and I spent the majority of our morning  there. Unlucky for us, it was a bit cloudy that day but it didn't stop us from laying out and dozing off. I suggest drinking a bit your suite before coming down because the drinks are on the pricy side. :)
4	If you're looking for a place where you can just relax in a totally laid back, none loud atmosphere, this pool is a good choice. It's rather small and doesn't get deep at all. It's an L shape that corners the Simon restaurant (which has floor to ceiling windows). It's lined with cabanas and then a row of lounge chairs in front of those cabanas. Plus there's some chairs and bed in the pool itself. So it's not a lot of seating, but that's never been a problem on the numerous times I've been here. There's a small bar and usually plenty enough of cocktail servers. There's a full food menu as well. The cabanas are nice. Not much to them, but you do get a TV, fan, fruit tray, constant server, and shade. I particularly like this spot in cooler weather as the large fireplace and decent sized hot tub are quite awesome. And there's nothing quite like the Sunday pajama brunch at Simon followed by a dip in this pool.
4	Huge suites w/ incredible bathrooms w/floor to ceiling glass doors. Yes it's a non gaming hotel suite but it's right next to Palms w/easy access. Gorgeous suites and great service.  $25 per nt resort kind of sucks but that's most of Vegas.Spa here has an lovely Turkish bath and lots of amenities. There's always deals for spa treatments om travel zoo.
4	This place was a win for me. I was meeting a girlfriend at palms but the main pool was closed for a Budweiser party so we went to palms place instead. It was a little far away and took a minute to get there but it was tucked away with not too many people, no kids, music was perfect volume, lots of open chairs. There was an Absolut Vodka promotion going on at the time and the cocktail models were engaging without being intrusive. The only thing is that there were no regular cocktail servers roaming and if you wanted drinks, you had to go to the bar to get them yourself.
