4	I've been here several times for a quick car wash.  Exact amount needed as no change is given.  You have the option of a $6, $7 or $10 wash so make sure you have a $5 and a $1 or two if you want longer drying time.The place is completely automated and usually very quick.  I'm quite pleased with the quality of the wash and it's convenient.
3	10-28-2011Fill-Up before returning to California.Unleaded $3.54gal....Would have been OK... except for these transients (with Cell-Phones) begging for change!
4	This is my favorite convenience store on this side of town. Right around the corner from my house, I find myself in here a lot when I don't want to go to Albertsons for just one thing. They have a pretty decent import beer section in here too. Haven't seen a convenience store that carries high quality beers like Arrogant Bastard and many others to choose from. Had stopped coming here for a while because I prefer to put higher quality gasoline in my car and a while back, they had a cashier that was a quick change artist...and a bad one at that. They have since gotten rid of that guy and switched from a no name gas to 76 gas now and I love it. My car actually runs better on it than it did when I was choosing Chevron. A little tip, your gas price drops $.10 a gallon if you buy a car wash. Pretty cool deal!
3	Speedy Mart is a pretty good gas station and convenience store. I mostly go to this location, however I occasionally go to other locations.Speaking of this location, specifically... I like it! Their prices in the store, are for the most part, pretty fair. They are very competitive with most convenience stores, in this area. They often offer deals on buying multiple items.The employees are all very friendly, knowledgeable, and fast. I've only encountered one bad employee, in the 5 or 6 years, I've lived in this area. They have food items such as donuts, nachos, hot dogs, and much more.I find that their gas prices are a bit higher, than others in the area. I think it's because of the fact that it's 76 Gas Station. It's pretty convenient to get in, no matter which direction you're traveling. If you're heading North or South when exiting, it's convenient. However, Spring Mountain ends at Hualapai, so if you want to exit and go East on Spring Mountain, and do so in a legal manner, it's not very convenient. If you're in the area and you're hungry, thirsty, in need of air for your tires, or ice, it's a great store to stop at. However, other gas stations in the area have better prices.
