5	The ARC was brand new for the 2008-2009 school year.  It features two swimming pools (indoor and outdoor), two entire floors of weightlifting equipment, four gyms, and two floors of cardio equipment.I work out at the ARC 3-4 days a week, and I rarely, if ever, have to wait to use equipment.  The building is beautiful and always well maintained.  I highly recommend trying out the ARC!
5	It will always be IMPE to me, in its ARC form, it's gorgeous.  The machines seem to be top of the line, all with iPod docks and TVs.  I definitely plan my workouts around being able to watch the TV programs I want, because I have a short attention span when it comes to working out.   I've only been going consistently this summer, but even in Summer II I've never had to wait to use anything, which is what drove me crazy about IMPE when it was IMPE.  The outdoor pool is great, and almost always has pretty people around it.  I haven't tried out the climbing wall, but barring further damage to my wrist I definitely want to try it out before I move.Over the summer it does host a lot of summer sport camps, and it was kind of awkward having some 14 year old call me "sweetheart," but if Penn State's facilities measure up to this place at all, I will be a happy camper at grad school.  My  minor tip-- in my experience, the second floor is always a bit cooler than the main floor, which I like while working out.
5	I love this gym! While I don't know what it used to look like, right now I think it's amazing. I've gone at several different times of the day, on pretty much every day except Thursday, and I've never ever had to wait for a machine. (a pet peeve of mine!) I love how there are TVs on every elliptical. Plus the staff is friendly and helpful. My next goal is to check out what else they have and how it looks, like the weight room, the classes, and maybe even the climbing wall!
5	The ARC is one of the best things about the University of Illinois--so if you are a student here--take advantage because the fees are added to your tuition.  This gym is incredible, with lots of fun things to do.  Currently I am a grad student (female) at the University of Illinois, and I took advantage last semester (FALL 09) of getting a personal trainer.  I have seen some good trainers, and some OK trainers there, but if you want to get your ass kicked into shape, I would recommend Josh Junge who was prior military. He is not one one these trainers that will just tell you how to use the machines or weights, but rather he is always by your side watching that you are executing the exercise properly, and cares about your feedback.  Man or woman, no matter what your fitness level is, you will be sore the first week or two of training but if your are serious about changing your body to a higher fitness level, he can help you achieve your goal.   I started out strength training twice a week to build muscle (but as an additional bonus I lost body fat).  I later added additional workouts on my own after 6 weeks.  (Warning: Once you see positive results, the gym could be addicting). Yes, personal training does cost money, but you are worth it.    PS: If working with prior military is intimidating, Liz is a good trainer and so is Leah Okner.
2	The gym, no question, is big and satisfactory in what regards the number of available machines and such. On the other hand, the staff there really sucks, all the way up to the overpaid and waaay too many administrators. The staff section there is embarrassingly overpopulated with unnecessary offices.The director Robyn Deterding by herself is paid more than $100,000,00 per year, money squeezed out of poor students' fees... WHY exactly is all this university money thrown away? For the "expertise" necessary to buy chlorine for the pool and to plug in the treadmills?ARC is an example of "perfect waste" which the University of IL affords itself much too easily, on the back of the Illinois taxpayer and of exploited students and parents.
5	Massive, gorgeous, and pulsating with athletic energy the moment you step inside. It's workout heaven.
5	Just an amazing transformation. Both IMPE and CRCE have transformed themselves from good exercise buildings to state of the art facilities. While I've never actually worked out at either location, I've looked at both and am very impressed with what they have. They both fit in very well with the more trendy, upscale feeling that both the campus and city of Champaign seem to be trying to achieve.
5	A great facility. I wish more of my friends took advantage of this place when they were here. Lets see, I spent at least two hours a practice, two to three tomes a week for three and a half years. I stayex every summer too. That comes out to about seven hundred hours spent in the arc. I'm in goshin jitsu the muay Thai club and this doesn't count any weight lifting I did outside of practice.The combat room is really nice. The dance rooms are nice. If you're a student take advantage and go here
5	Call it IMPE, call it ARC, this place has practically everything you need to stay fit. You can find pickup games of basketball, a rock climbing wall, and you can swim laps in the indoor/outdoor pool. It's always nice to wind down with a few minutes in the sauna, too.During the school year, you can also pick up a copy of The New York Times, The Chicago Tribune or USA Today on your way in/out.
5	This place is amazing. If you are a U of I student, and you didn't come here to workout, that is a huge mistake. My parents introduced me to Lifetime Fitness when I was in high school, and I thought that was the best of the best. The ARC blows away any other gym chain by far. Every machine you can imagine, an indoor track, multitudes of various courts, an indoor and outdoor pool, a rock climbing wall, and the cave of testosterone (free weight basement).If you are a student who takes their health seriously, rent a locker for a year and store your stuff so you can be in, out and on with your life. You won't get another chance to workout in a place like this outside of college.
5	Oskeeeeee!!!!!!
5	The ARC's huge, with everything you need to stay in the best shape of your life. The equipment and facilities are also very well maintained.
5	Where do I begin with all the greatness the ARC offers. First of all the place is huge boasting tons of basketball courts, pools, and exercise equipment. The only complaint is the limited parking available during week nights, however once you get inside you can hardly tell it's packed because the place is so huge. The ARC also features a track on the upper level, which is a nice change from the treadmill. Can't wait for fall to go back!
5	After 10 years from now, if you ask me what I miss about UIUC, ARC is definitely on the top list.  Swimming pool is excellent.  Also SPA room.  all kinds of facilities.  Most equipments have TV with more than 100 channels. No reason not to love it
