4	Comparable to Chipotle... better chicken and better pork, but the beef isn't as good. They actually make the tortillas from scratch right in front of you which is cool. I'm talking balls of dough flattened and then cooked. The chips are fresh too, but a little bland and boring - along with their salsa. I tried the 'hot' and it just tasted like a bean and butter sauce with no spice in it at all. Kinda gross truth be told...If Chipotle was Port of Subs, then this place would be Quiznos - I guess that's a fancy way of saying that after they assembled my burrito, they toasted it. It was pretty nice. I ate every bite, so I guess it was good eh? They take the Chipotle thing one step further and you can garnish your aluminum take-out tray (yeah, even if you dine-in you're eating in take away containers - not so classy for a nice dinner, but fine for lunch) with beans or a salad or whatever you like.This whole concept is pretty interesting - let's take a Mexican restaurant and cut out the waiters. It makes sense actually in quite a few ways (that I won't go into). People certainly don't seem to mind the cafeteria style dining since these places are always packed. It's not going to be my favorite restaurant any time soon, and honestly if I'm driving this far for Mexican food I'm eating at Matta's. Still, it's very tasty... close second to Chipotle for this type of quickie sit-down meal.On a side note - the strip mall it's in looks like it belongs in Dubai or something...
4	Two words:  Sweet Pork!  Yummy!  I was addicted to this stuff when I worked nearby.  You can build your own burritos, tacos, quesadillas etc. with sweet pork, beef, steak and Mango chicken (which is also a good runner up to the pork).  The atmosphere is very casual with surfing videos playing constantly and tons of small children running around.  It's a great spot for a quick lunch or soaking up the sun in the outdoor seating area while people watching.
4	In my opinion, this falls in second place on the list of comparable restaurants that I've been to: Chipotle has always been my #1, then Costa Vida, Qdoba, Cafe Rio.  Costa Vida is no competition when it comes to speed, Chipotle wins that hands down.  I got the chicken burrito with black beans.  It was delicious.  I love mango salsa so I got that.  As far as I know none of the other restaurants that I listed offer that but I could be wrong.
3	Very unhappy with this Costa Vida.  I fell in love with Costa Vida (an alternative to feeling guilty to going to Cafe Rio to much) in Utah, but this one didn't cut it for me.  It is incredibly slow, and the staff is not that happy, and even worse the hotness of the enchilada sauce is in-consistent - one time I go its perfect, and another time way to hot..  Cafe Rio is the same EVERY TIME - they have it down to an art I guess.  Costa Vida needs to learn that.The sweet pork is very good and does have its own taste (compared to Cafe Rio), but since that's the only reason I guess I will just keep going to Cafe Rio.   Besides liking them much better they give much bigger portions and Costa Vida kind of cheats you on the meat and size of the burrito.  If you are new to Costa Vida and Cafe Rio - I would suggest Cafe Rio - its faster, better and much bigger portions.
5	Costa Vida is #1 seed when it comes to burritos. The steak burrito smothered is unbeatable. The place takes a dump on Cafe Rio. The staff is always friendly. The cinnamon tortillas are the best and even though I always feel weird for ordering them cause I think they are for children, but I don't care.  The salads are awesome also. Everything I have had here has been good. The salsas are not salty like Cafe Rio. Everything is fresh, especially the tortillas. If you like a good burrito and have not tried Costa Vida, I don't know what you are doing with your life. Get with it, damn.
4	What can I say... My husband has me addicted to their sweet pork burritos.  I absolutely grave them at least once a week.The place is usually busy no matter what time of day or night.   We are there so much we think the guy making our burritos knows exactly what we want.  I had one bad experience there but they made up for it the next time we visited.   I always order my burritos wet and haven't been disappointed yet.
5	This is our goto semi quick Mexican food.  The fresh tortillas being made right in front of you are awesome. I like the setup of the restaurant (or as you go and take back to table with you). The wife loves their sweet pork taco salad and I can't stop ordering the basic cheese enchiladas.  It's usually busy which helps to turn over the food faster.  There us plenty of seating and outdoor seating also.  They usually have surf flicks playing on the big screen.
3	Is it better than Chipukele?  Sure.  Is that saying much?  Not really. The best part about this place is their tortillas which are hand-made right in front of you.  The corn tortillas are delicious.I found the sweet pork to be WAY too sweet.  The shredded beef was OK.  The rice and pinto beans, IMO, were the best part.  I guess if I had to go to Chipotle, I'd pick this place, but if there was no gun to my head, it would be easy to forget about this establishment.  There wasn't really anything wrong with it, it's just there.
3	I hate to admit it, but I like Chipotle. So since this place seemed similar to Chipotle in their offerings and it got great reviews, I figured I'd check it out. It's laid out in the same way (order at the counter, tell them what you want in your burrito/taco/salad) but the taste is distinctively unique.The quality was great, everything was presented well. The pinto beans and black beans were good. However, I realized I'm not a fan of sweet meat; a lot of their offerings mix in sweet meats or sauces. It's like a sugar overload for me. I ordered the shredded beef burrito which was ok but the sweet pork my dining partner had was inedible...I was glad I didn't get it. It's a great concept if you like sweet dinner options but I reserve my sweet tooth for dessert.
4	If they just had more locations I envision this place being the ultimate 'Chipotle-Killer'. I know it's a bit taboo to love chain restaurants here on Yelp... but I can't help it, Costa Vida has got the goods. It's all about their sweet pork... whether in a taco or burrito the stuff is made of WIN. They cook all of their tortillas fresh as you order, so when you walk into the place your nose is hit with the delightful aroma of freshly cooked flour tortillas. The concept should be familiar... walk through the line and build your meal as they cook it; just like Chipotle/Q'Doba/Cafe Rio. What sets Costa Vida apart for me is the freshness... I enjoy Chipotle on occasion but it seems like much more of a manufactured product, as to where Costa Vida looks and taste much more home-made. This is the type of place you can go to hungry and leave full, the food isn't greasy so it's filling in a good way. Easily recommendible! 4/5. P.S. Can someone explain to me why there are so many Mormon owned Mexican restaurants in the East Valley? It's always perplexed me. (I.E. Bajio, Cafe Rio, and this place just to name a few).
2	Costa Vida wasn't outright bad but it wasn't very good either.  I shared a couple entrees-fish tacos and nachos with steak.The fish tacos had itty-bitty pieces of fish covered by lots of mango salsa...so all you could taste was an odd sweet flavor.  No fish.The steak nachos were decent but the nachos were heavy on salsa.  I mean heavy.  Like 4-5 big scoops-soggy-swimming-in-salsa nachos are not really very good.  Good nachos are about a nice well rounded blend of cheese, meat, beans and a smallish amount of sour cream and/or guac with a little salsa.Not likely to return.
5	Costa Vida has become one of my favorite lunch spots and I will tell ya why... The food is amazing, cheap, and filling. Here are my recommends: Get the salad with shredded beef, pinto beans, everything else, and ranch. If you get the large, its huge so you might not be able to finish it. If you get the small, make sure you get the large tortilla with it as that is the best part of the meal. The tortilla's are made fresh and they are great! If your not a salad person, get the chicken or shredded beef enchilada (1 is enough for me) with medium sauce and double rice. I also get a small side of ranch to go on my salad garnish along with a large side of the medium enchilada sauce. Ranch and the enchilada sauce make for a goupy rice but it taste awesome! A couple things I dont recommend to get: Anything with the sweet pork, this is just personal preference for me because I think its a bit too sweet and overpowering but if you like sweet meat, you will probably like it. Also, the shrimp taco's with mango salsa are nothing impressive and the nachos are nothing great either. They don't seem to put enough cheese and meat on the nachos. Even though this place can get really crowded, the staff here is very quick and friendly. A little tip: They have whole wheat tortilla's if you are following a special diet. FInal word: If you can manage to tune out all the kids and mormon women that come here, you will definately love the concept and the food. This place is the best when compared to Chipotle, Q Doba, Moes, Taco Del Mar, and Cafe Rio. However, I don't know if I can say they are better than Bajio, that place was amazing and I am soooo sad that its no longer in AZ   :(
5	Sweet pork is my absolute fav!!! Love it love it!
5	Quick little tip: Their new honey habernero salsa is da bomb!!! Spicy but sweet, loves it!!!
3	I've never seen this place not packed. Warning: Don't go to do any kind of business lunch here... You'll find yourself yelling over the crowd and all the noise. The food here is pretty decent, although maybe $1-2 overpriced per entree. I am particularly fond of the chicken salad! Its fun watching them grill the fresh chicken breasts right behind the makeline, however this most recent time, I got a little too much "char" on a couple pieces of chicken, and it tasted like eating charcoal!The greens are usually chilled, crisp and green, I get it w/o beans but with plenty of their cilantro lime rice, which in my opinion could be a meal on its own. Their spicy ranch looks a tad unappealing due to its watery texture, but it is LOADED with creamy cool spicy flavor. I get 2 cups with mine. The guacamole tastes good on its own, but they usually spoon it out with a melonballer looking thing and it all stays on one piece of Romaine even after mizing everything. Can't really comment on th service, never been wowed by it, they're just kind of there.Going back? Yes, and ps the one in Mesa has a higher quality of food/preparation than the one in Queen Creek - just as a matter of observation.
5	I have had nothing but great experiences here for both dine in and take out.  My wife turned me on to Costa Vida a while back and it is one of our favorite little dinner spots.  It's not open on Sunday which is a bummer, and if you go on Saturday night you can be prepared for a wait.The food always seems fresh and the sweet pork (salad or burrito) is amazing. The portions for the salad and burritos are very generous and they have a real nice Mango salsa as well.It is also unique in that it does not have a typical Mexican restaurant theme. I won't spoil it, you'll have to visit to see what I mean (surfs up!)
3	The sweet cinnamon tortilla is a tasty desert.
4	This is the much classier and tastier version of your Baja Fresh and Chipotle.  It seems that they really take interest in providing the fresh ingredients.  I haven't had this dish myself, but I heard the sweet pork is amazing.  I had a taco salad, and it was extremely flavorful.  I think the ambiance and where this Costa Vida is located gives it a clear sell that this means business!
2	Restaurant quality food and cost meets fast food ordering and atmosphere.  Very little seating and hard to understand order takers.  Although the food was good...it was not worth the price.  Three burritos and three fountain drinks = $30.  $3 'service charge' on top of that.  Will opt for Baja Fresh over this place next time!
3	I'm in love with the sweet pork. Not so in love with the prices and the lack of seating. I go here now and then to treat myself. This place really needs to expand. I know I can't be the only one annoyed because of having to time going there just right to get a seat. Something else that needs to be fixed is when you get a receipt for a free dessert. They fail to note on there that the free dessert is just the cinnamon tortilla. So sadly no free flan or tres leches cake.
3	Every now and then I need my Costa Vida fix. Everything on the menu is worth trying. You cannot go wrong. I love the chicken tortilla soup. It is soooo good! I definitely recommend going here for very casual mexican food.
4	One of my favorites. Sweet pork burrito is always a winner. Would have given five stars if only the dude that makes the burrito could manage a smile now and then - he always looks bored and like he's doing you a favor. Otherwise, it's all good.
4	Costa Vida has great food. Their sweet pork salads are my favorite. I do think some of their items are a little pricey but overall we keep going back for more. Great lunch or dinner spot!
3	First time here today and it was alright. I got the sweet pork burrito (~$7 or $8), and if you'd like to try it too, my suggestion: come on a Monday because it's the daily special  ($5), you'll be able to save a couple bucks.My burrito maker suggested the green salsa with the burrito, but to be honest, I didn't taste anything except the juicy pulled pork. It was pretty good, but too sweet for my taste. FYI: I'm definitely not a sweets person, I love salty and spicy food.The burrito is very large, and it comes with rice, beans, choice of meat, choice of salsa, and cheese, and for $1 extra - you can get the enchilada which has extra salsa and cheese melted on top of the burrito. You can also get fresh pico de gallo-like salsa and lettuce on the side for free.I actually prefer Chipotle over Costa Vida. The burritos at Costa Vida appear larger, but content wise, I think overall is comparable. I love Chipotle's corn salsa mix, and the steak is delicious. I study a fair amount at Barnes & Noble and Paradise Bakery in Dana Park, so maybe next time I'll try the steak burrito at Costa Vida.
2	OK, food is good. But I have to tell you waiting 30 min in line for takeout is ridiculous! It is also far to loud in the restaurant. Additionally, if they are really busy, they dont even look up at you or listen to what you want. I had to tell them three times for one thing because they didn't want to listen. Wont be back anytime soon.
5	I went here today for the first time - 2pm weekday - so didn't have any crowd/noise complaint like I saw some of the yelpers did.The food was delicious.  I ordered 2 tacos with rice/black beans.  I ate every morsel of the tacos which were large and stuffed with a good portion of meat (sweet pork for one, and shredded chicken for the other).  Lots of fresh lettuce and pico de gallo too.  I gave the rice and beans to my toddler for a snack and took the rest home.The tortilla was devine.The young people working were very sweet and explained my choices, thought my daughter was the cutest, and offered to take my tray of food/drink to my table for me as they noticed I had my arms full with child/diaper bag. Thoughtful.Looks like in addition to our weekly visit to Chipotle we have a new place to add to the mix! Yea for Costa Vida!!!
3	I really did expect a little bit more out of this place after reading some of the reviews. My experience her wasn't bad but just avrege. ithink that my favorit thing about this place was there salsa. they had many diferent kinds but i injoyed them all.
4	I love Costa Vida. Their salads are delicious, it must be the fresh tortillas that are layered on the bottom.Customer service is great and the food is consistently good. My only issue with this restaurant is when you are nickel and dimed for things like sour cream, extra dressing, etc...I'm not a fan of that. But the pros outweigh the cons and I will continue to eat here.
5	YUM! Seriously Sweet pork salad is ALWAYS fantastic, fresh and quick to grab when in a hurry!
5	Gotta have my sweet pork salad! So yummy!
3	Chipoltle style resturant. queso and guacamole are terrific.
3	I went there with a friend on a week day during lunch time.  I was excited to try something that had a vibe similar to Chipotle.  I was so excited they had a decent gluten free menu and it was all spelled out.  Well, it seems their staff aren't aware or not willing to accommodate.  They stated they couldn't make tacos for me because they would have to put them on the same flat wheel that they use for the flour tortillas to warm them.  I looked shocked and thought...Well, put them on tinfoil and then put them on the warmer but no.  They told me the ONLY thing I could have was a salad.  Well, that's exciting - or rather isn't.  The food was okay but truthfully I felt it was a little bland.  I will admit that I like the kick Chipotle has.  I thought the guacamole was okay but did enjoy the salsa.  I felt the prices were a bit high especially for a quickie lunch.  My friend who was with me, loved their food but I just found it mediocre.  Granted, I am limited as to what I can eat due to the gluten free needs but gluten free shouldn't mean boring and incredibly limited especially when your website indicates otherwise.
5	Just went to the new Goodyear location (13233 W McDowell). Never been to Costa Vida before, but we will be back! New flavors, great service, helpful people with unusual pride for a fast food restaurant. We tried the mango chicken salad, sweet pork enchillada, raspberry chipolte chicken enchilada, chile verde,and chicken burrito. Everything was above expectation! We went back for dessert - tres leches and cinnamon tortilla - a nice finish. Really surprising food quality!
2	This is like an expensive (which doesn't mean it is very much) Chipotle style restaurant.  The food was good, but not great.  I won't be going back any time soon.
5	Sweet pork with mango sauce...... Nothing in this world tastes better!  Every time I call in my order for pick up it is seriously lacking sweet pork.  I always request light rice and beans so I can taste the sweet pork.  Lesson learned.... don't call in orders anymore.  I took a pic of my recent one and it literally had 2 bites of pork.  It just doesn't taste the same without the sweet pork.  Yet I still LOVE this place! 5 star non the less :)
5	Two words. Sweet Pork. That is all you need to know. This place is one of my absolute favorites.I prefer this place over the likes of Chipotle any day, wish I lived closer.Closed on Sunday :(
2	This place had amazing food but the customer service is definitely lacking. If you go and the place is packed the line wait is about 20 minutes, crazy for a in and out trpe of place. I really wish they could get quicker service lines, accurate to go orders and I'd give them 5 stars but for now due to service.
4	I really like this place. It's pretty much a lot like Cafe Rio. Not sure which one came first, but I can't tell them apart. I'd gladly take the shredded pork with green sauce from either any day. Tasty
5	Once you eat here, you'll never want to go to another Chipotle-like place again.  The food here is amazing, and it all boils down to the sweet pork.  So delicious, and if I'm ever unfortunate enough to have to head to the electric chair, a sweet pork burrito from this place is definitely on my last meal list.  The line can be long during lunch hour, but the wait is definitely worth it.  And it can be a bit noisy inside from all the people - but again, still worth it.Side note:  for all new mothers, I swear that this place must be listed on some official list of places to take your little one and meet up with other mothers with their little ones, because I'm always shocked at how many moms and kids are in this joint during lunch hour.
3	Solid Fresh Mex restaurant. Nice selection of pork, chicken and beef dishes. Guacamole was way too watered down; but besides that, the rest of the ingrediants were good. I tried the Mango Chicken. The Manago sauce was flavorful without being overly sweet. The chicken was moist and the torilla was excellent. A definate repeat when I'm in the area
4	mmmm mmmm mmmmm... good lunch place if your in a hurry
5	Delicious!!  We love it here and go all the time. The food is amazing, we usually get the chicken salads, but after reading these other reviews it sounds like I need to try the sweet pork ;)  The wait can be very long at lunchtime, but it's worth it.  And they are closed on Sundays which is a bummer.  But I would highly recommend it, I refuse to go to Chipotle anymore, you can't even compare them
5	My favorite place to have fresh and fast mexican food without feeling like I'm having fast food.  My favorite item on the menu is anything as long as it is made with their famous sweet pork.  I have never had pork this sweet with such a great mexican flavor.  Conveniently located just south off the US-60 on Val Vista Dr in Mesa AZ.  I think this restaurant is just as good as any full service Mexican restaurant with the convenience of a fast food restaurant.  Highly recommended!
4	Love the sweet pork nachos.
5	One of my long-time favorites.  Love the pork burrito!
5	It's a busy place. The line was long, but went fairly quick. Seating is limited and it was loud. I can let that go though as it was lunch hour in a rather large plaza.  The sweet pork tacos were what I went with because all the tips pointed me there and, well, that's what I went to try!  They were good, but the chicken tacos were so much better! I prefer salt and spice over sweet though, so choose accordingly. The salsa was full of flavor and the tortillas are handmade right in front of you! The chicken is grilled behind the counter... Looked like it might be dry, but it most definitely was not. And the rice... Cilantro lime rice. Honestly, I didn't taste the lime, but it was great anyhow. Delicious! I was afraid to admit that I found this place on Yelp (my bf threatened to ban me from Yelp after two disappointing picks, lol). Even he was satisfied with this one! :-)
5	Oh gracious, I could not love the tacos here anymore than I do. They are double the size you'd expect, and are filled with yummy goodness. I had heard about Costa Vida for so long without trying it, and why o' why did I wait!The cheese quesadillas are something I get cravings for, and they are just too good to not order on a regular basis. Go, don't wait, go...go now. Right now.
4	Great food. Great service.
1	I hate that I even have to give 1 star. I kept hearing how great this place was from a friend and the reviews were good. Since I was nearby I decided to check it out. Never again. I got one of the lunch specials which was a chicken enchilada, rice and beans. Lets start off with the enchilada....I asked for green sauce (chili). I don't know what that was but it definitely wasn't green chili. The cilantro lime rice?  Tasted like dried up white rice with some color added to it. You get a choice of black beans or pinto beans. I went with the pinto. Another...I don't know what was IN the beans but it was disgusting. My food was cold as well.  Anyone that knows me knows that I never throw food out. However, today I did just that. I wasn't able to even eat it!  I ended up throwing it away and I don't remember the last time I did that. I was so disgusted that I would not be able to even give it a 2nd chance.
5	My favorite place!  Sweet pork burrito with mango salsa in the middle and medium on top smothered with cheese!
5	One pof my favorite take out Mexican food places.  Their Sweet Pork Salad is zoo good!  This place is usually a busy place and lines can be long, but they get the food to you fast.
5	Amazing authentic Baja food. Brings me back to the beach. Awesome home made tortillas.The tortilla maker is upfront, so you can see them make and heat the tortillas.
3	This place has great reviews, I used to come here somewhat regularly 7+ years ago and remember loving it! Everyone is raving about the sweet pork here on Yelp, I love BBQ ribs, so it seemed the right thing to order; I chose it as a salad (which turns out is really an unwrapped burrito with extra lettuce).SWEET pork. Like DESSERT sweet. Meat dessert. (I got the dessert meat salad, ha ha, full meal in one pan?). I chose medium salsa, it had no heat. My husband said the medium salsa was sweet tasting to him. I asked for a side of hot to see if that would counter-balance the overbearing sweetness, but it had what I'd call only a lightly medium kick. And it too still seemed to have a somewhat sweet base.It's really fresh food, the tortillas are AMAZING since they are just made! The new self-serve soda machine, I hate to admit this, it sucked me in... They have diet drinks UNHEARD OF in restaurants, like diet Barq's root beer and diet sprite. The line to order was long, but moved amazingly fast. The counter girls were really sweet, the line guys were smiley and nice.I REALLY wish I enjoyed the meal more. I wonder if the pork was always like this and I just always ordered chicken in years past. If I'm near, I'd be willing to give the beef or chicken a try, but I'd still be disappointed by that wussy salsa selection. Even the "costa" in Latin America doesn't have meat that sweet that isn't balanced with some savory flavor to it as well as a good hot chili kick...
4	The chicken tacos were great and the homemade tortillas they make right in front of you, and the way they grill the tortilla with your food is awesome.  I asked for the raspberry chipotle sauce, which goes on your taco's, burrito's, etc.,  on the side rather than have them put it on my tacos for me.  I think its the best way to go, as the chicken was good by itself.  This way you can add as much or as little of the raspberry chipotle or mango sauce to your food as you want.  I put a small amount on my rice and beans and ate the tacos as is, with sour cream.  I actually meant to order a burrito but I said tacos.  When I got to the cashier I asked her if she could put beans on my tacos, because I really like the beans and rice in burritos.  She added a small amount of beans to each taco and then asked me if I wanted beans and rice on the side and I took her up on the offer.  The place was packed and very clean.  I like the atmosphere and decor over Chipotle.  There seems to be a lot of places like Chipotle doing it better these days.   I really enjoyed my food and would order the same items the same way again, although on my next visit I will give the burrito a try.  Again, the food is good and the tortilla is awesome.
4	Mmmmmmmmmm. I would eat the sweet pork slathered on just about anything.Except that.
3	Depending on how much you like this place, you could describe it as either a rip-off of or an improvement to the Chipotle model of dishing out sort-of Mexican food. Personally, I think it's a wash: Costa Vida does a few things better and a few things worse.At Costa Vida, you have the option of ordering hard tacos, a burrito, a bowl, or nachos. Once you've decided the basic configuration, the real fun begins. You pick one of four meats, one of two different beans, one or more of the numerous salsas, and whatever you want of the standard toppings. They really pile things on here, which is a definite plus, and that makes the food here a pretty good deal. On the other hand, not all the options are wonderful. The tacos are noticeably smaller portions than the other options and the chips in the nachos often turn to mush under the wetter toppings. Of the salsas, several are tasty, but none of them appropriately spicy. But, that may actually appeal to you.I think what's going to make it or break it for you with Costa Vida is how well you like the much lauded sweet pork. Everything else at Costa Vida is pretty unadventurous and safe; the sweet pork is really what sets this place apart. Basically, it's slow cooked pork, shredded up in a very sweet reduction that I would bet money is made out of a cola. The meat is very tender, but I found the sauce to be rather cloying, almost syrupy. I've heard it described as being like a dessert, and I don't think that is very far off. Some people love it, but I couldn't do it. It was just too sweet and an odd complement to the cheese, sour cream, lettuce, tomato, etc. To me, it the sweet pork seems like a better fit for a Southern restaurant. If it sounds like you may like this sweet pork, give the place a shot. There is often a big line to get food, but this is an efficiency kitchen and they handle rushes with aplomb. I found the dining area awfully loud and uncomfortably packed, but the seating outside alleviates most of that. Still, it's a little hectic for me, especially since I'm not impressed by the food. Get it to go or sit outside, that's my advice.
1	Just ate at Costa Vida in Gilbert.  Worst food I have eaten in some time.  The portions made up for the bad food.  They were very small and were not even considered enough for a meal by my 105 lb wife.  Why I say the portions were good because it simply meant I would not have to eat any more of what they call food.The place was not crowded so the Cold food is unexplainable.  But it was so cold that I was going to take it back but after tasting it I just wanted to leave.  They have come up with some kind of sickening sweet BBQ type taste that is on everything.  You would think that poor portions of the main course would be hidden by a pile of beans and rice, but Oh no!  You would think the rice and beans were made of gold.  A small spoonful of each.  This place used to be good but just like every decent place.  They let it go to their head and start cutting back on portions and then the flavor goes and pretty quick they are serving crap like they are now.WARNING: Go somewhere else for Mexican food because this cannot be classified as Mexican food in fact I dont know what you call it.  But when we got in the car my small skinney wife wanted to go somewhere to eat.
1	This is white Mexican food. Chipotle is better than this stuff. I tried the chicken burrito with mango sauce and I couldn't even eat the whole things. 3-4 bites in and I pretty much was done. Very bland and un-tasteful. If your looking for good food you wont be disappointed with chipotle.
5	Okay...so...weird! I have been eating here for years and have never reviewed Costa Vida!! What is wrong with me!?!! I have three words for you...sweet. pork. tacos. These have got to be my all time favorite tacos! I skip the rice and beans and opt for some chips and salsa instead. Perfect!Fresh tortillas made right in front of you! Delicious salsas. Friendly service. Super fun atmosphere! Just go...go get some sweet pork tacos, kick back and enjoy a yummy meal every single time you visit.
4	I went here with a friend tonight for a quick dinner, and neither of us had eaten all day.Let me tell you, we were not disappointed. Their sweet pork quesadillas are incredible, and they are exactly the way I imagined them to be. The servings are a big larger than I am used to, so I couldn't finish all of it, but the containers we were given easily fit lids to make them quick carry-outs. Definitely going to be eating here again, yum!Watch it made right in front of you, friendly atmosphere, spacious area inside and out to eat.
4	Good burritos...be prepared to wait in line if you go at rush hour but likely worth it. Sweet pork burritos are unique and good....also try the chipolte chicken burrito (not on menu)..it's tasty. The nachos were not good. It would be great if they offered ground beef as well as shredded beef as an option.
3	Came in for Taco Tuesday--which seems like the most economical way to eat tacos here! $1.50 per taco instead of close to $5 per taco. There are also daily specials.Tried the grilled chicken, sweet pork, and raspberry chipotle chicken tacos. All very testy, but my fave was the sweet pork. Very tasty! Beware, lines start about 6:15pm and are dozens of people deep! Lines move quickly for the ordering, but backs up at the registers. The woman behind me ordered a salad, which started with a homemade tortilla on the bottom, all the other fixings, then lettuce on top. Will likely be headed back to try the salad and nachos, they both looked delish!
5	My friend took me here for lunch and it was sooooo good. I didn't even know this place was here, it's hidden by all the other buildings around it but I'm super glad my friend introduced me to this place. Will be coming here more often.
2	We went here on a Tuesday around 11am. It didn't even look like the place had been cleaned from the night before. The line moved VERY slow and the people behind the counter seemed very unorganized. One of them didn't even know the menu items. They  just throw it on the grill or flat top to reheat it. Although.. the tortillas are delicious! The rest of the food was average at best. We tried 4 menu items. When you go to sit down there are big trash cans right next to the tables. Not what I want to eat by. Definitely not what I expected from a place named "Costa Vida" Kind of a dirty, dingy thrown together fresh-mex joint. Giving it two stars instead of one because the tortillas are outstanding and the place has potential.
3	This place is pretty good! It's the same concept as chipotle but not organic and has way more menu items to choose from. The best thing I've had is the sweet pork salad..at first it sounded weird to have sweet pork in my salad but it's the best! The small is a big enough portion for me. I sometimes think their kinda stingy with their meat and have asked for more and say that's the usual amount and give me a dirty look ..so their not as nice as chipotle when you ask for extra anything..but over all it's good. On Tuesdays the small sweet pork salad is $5..
4	After living a couple blocks from Dana Park for almost 2 years, I finally found myself here. I really enjoy Cafe Rio so I was expecting something similar. I got a small chicken salad with the black beans and it was good, the dressing was good, everything was good. The restaurant was hot, the cashier even made a comment about it, and that's really the only negative. It wasn't the best meal I've had but I'll definitely be coming back.
3	it was good, but a little expensive..
4	Sweet Pork salad, always. YUM.
2	I've been coming here for years and the food is great. The bathrooms on the other hand are a whole other story. Toilet paper all over the floors, railing, and walls. Unflushed toilets with poop in them. Pee all over the seats. You name it, I saw it in there. I had to hover my poor daughter over the seat because everything was so disgusting. If they can't manage to keep their bathrooms clean, how on earth do they keep they keep their kitchen clean??
4	Food is consistently good & fresh. Staff friendly & service prompt. Wish the line moved quicker when there at a busy times. Prices are great for amount of food you get
2	This place isn't really a mexican restaurant. It's closer to pita jungle in my book. If my wife didn't love this place, I probably would never eat here.We usually go for taco tuesdays because otherwise we couldn't justify the high cost. It's almost always a 20-30min wait to get through the line. The tacos are soggy, the tortillas are undercooked, all the meats are too sweet. The workers are inconsistent with the amount of meat they put on the tacos.On the bright side, the lime ranch is really good. The workers are generally friendly.Gentlemen, I applaud your sacrifice and willingness to eat here for your wife's sake.
5	I took my wife here on our first date and I believe that is the reason she married me. I heard of this place in 2006 and tried the sweet pork burrito enchilada style with mild sauce. It was so delicious, fresh, and amazing that it has been impossible for me to order anything else. The pork sauce is sweet and savory. Whenever I go back to AZ I always go here!
5	Yes the wait is long, for a very good reason. The food is awesome. We have always loved Costa Vida and always will
1	I don't know what everyone else is eating here, but I have eaten here 2 times and no one in my family liked the food, and I couldn't even eat it. I assume they think of themselves in the Baja Fresh/Rubios/Chipotle style of restaurant, but this place has a really weird vibe.  I am very forgiving when it comes to food, and I love those other burrito places and generally am happy to eat any mexican food, but this place crossed the line of decency.  The first time I was here I got a sort of chicken burrito, it was gross, could not taste the chicken through the sauces and junk on it and did not finish (I always finish).  My kids got taco and nachos and didn't eat much, I tried them and understood why.  2nd visit I got a sort of steak burritto, and kept it fairly plan.  Again, it was not very good.  The meat was sweet and just not good.  The family also not impressed again.  The towards the end of the meal a worker came by with a mop and was mopping the floor of the room we were in, while we were in it (cornering us).  The mop water was so foul smelling that we just had to leave.  Bad experiences.  This place has a very weird vibe.  Nothing lively about their food,  Although the smell did remind me of the coast, but not the coast I like to visit.
4	Just had this place for lunch.  Had the sweet pork Salad upon my sister's recommendation it was pretty legit.  I would recommend it or take a friend there.  The tortillas are made fresh before your eyes, food quality was good, the serving side was HUGE.  It has kind of a chipotle feel with a more extensive menu.  If your looking for legit Mexican food places like this are probably not what your looking for, but if your looking for tasty baja style food at a decent price then this place is for you.  On a side note, they have those REALLY COOL soda machines that have pretty much every soda imaginable lol.  I dig it!
4	Great innovative choices. Sweet pork is tasty, but a little too sweet for me. Mango chipotle chicken is good. Portions are HUGE! I am almost never able to finish the salad, enchilada, or burritos. Salad is good with the mango chicken without dressing. It doesn't need the dressing since the mango chicken sauce is so saucy already. Super cheap for taco tuesdays, but always big line. Despite the big line, they try to be pretty fast. Love that you can see them make the tortillas and food fresh.
2	The servers behind the counter are rude and move too fast for a first timer! Everything seemed drenched in sauce and I hated that the iced tea was only available behind the counter and I couldn't fill/refill myself. I liked the quick melt oven similar to Quiznos but I wouldn't recommend to a friend.
4	Stop by here all the time for some sweet pork nachos. The food here is soo good and reasonably priced for the huge portions. The setup is like a chipotle. You walk down the line and pick out what you want. The only downside to this place is the long lines. Every time I'm here the line is practically out the door and it moves very slow. The employees here seem to always have a lack of training and motivation. Be prepared to keep an eye in which plate is yours because they will not know. Some systems to ensure proper flow of the line would be very useful here.
2	Costa vida can be good the problem is that it's not constantly good. Also the pricing is confusing and if you ask the employes (ex. Does a side of sour cream cost anything?) all of them will give you a different answer. I like the pork but a lot of the time it is hardly shredded at all.
3	During lunch, be prepared to wait in line for at least 10min. You order your food as they prepare it ....kind of like Subway.  I ordered the "carne asada" taco but I didn't really like the taste of the meat...it tasted really gamey.  I usually get their Friday special for  $4 -  it comes with a cheese enchilada, beans & rice. It's pretty good for the price but again, be prepared to wait in line.
4	sweet pork burritio smothered. 'nuff said!
5	My Favorite part about Costa Vida is that when I finish my meal, I don't feel weighed down like one typically feels after eating Mexican Food.  It is not only Fresh, but CLEAN.  Thank You Costa Vida for keeping your cooking process Clean and ingredients Fresh.  We can tell a difference.  Great Flavors.   My only critique would be the long lines.
5	Yum. Forever holds a spot in my stomach and a place in my heart. Well it was my place of employment for four years. I miss all the regulars and fun times spent on cultivating food, service, and improvements!
5	This is the spot for Mexican food in the area. The burritos are huge! And everything taste fresh. From the sweet pork to the queso, there's nothing there I wouldn't try. And even though they always seem to be packed, there's enough seating both inside and outside. Rather it's lunch or dinner (or both), it's money well spent.
1	I really wanted to like this place but the food is so blah. I got three tacos (pork, shrimp, and shredded beef). They took the tortillas and placed then on the flat top, which I thought was to warm them up and then they put cheese on them and waited until it melted. The kept them on for so long that they all burned until you could smell them burning and they were black.  Then they added the meat, lettuce, poco and sour cream. There was so much juice from the meat and pico that the tacos were dripping and soggy. But the bizarre thing was that they had zero flavor. The pork meat was very sweet which was kind of a nasty combo with the pico and sour cream. So I guess I'm the odd ball based on the rest of the reviews. I think this would be a great place for someone who does not like spices or is afraid that Mexican food is too spicey. No worries here since the food is very bland.
4	Pretty darn good steak tacos. I was pleasantly surprised since I'm not a fan of Mexican food, and the Irish pub next door seemed more enticing. It was interesting to see the tortillas being made and I was pleasantly surprised that they were crunchy- not soft. I'm glad I can pick what to put in my tacos because I am a very picky eater. I wish the items weren't a la carte, though. The line was super long but it went by very fast.
5	I ordered take out for me and 2 people and it took 30 minutes before it was ready. It is really delicious though so besides the wait I was very happy! Very fresh tasting.
4	What can I say that I haven't already said?! Today I ordered the sweet pork salad and it was as good as the sweet pork taco. I recommend getting the costa vida club card if you plan on frequenting CV on a regular or semi-regular basis.
3	The Wednesday special was a great deal. For $5, you get a huge chile verde burrito, enchilada style, with lettuce and pico de gallo. The burrito itself was filled to the brim with pork, green chile sauce, rice and beans, and when I requested pico de gallo only, they heaped a enormous portion onto my plate.Service, unfortunately, is pretty slow. Despite having what looks to be an army of staff for busy lunchtime, the line still moved at a snail's pace. The waiting area for the line is also uncomfortably warm. If you have limited time for lunch, I probably wouldn't eat here unless you've phoned in an order ahead of time to take out.
4	Sweet pork is really good.  Red sauce is great.  Chips and queso are fav as well.  Location is always busy.
5	Costa Vida is TEN times better than dumb Cafe Rio, which people seem to like. Costa's portions are better, their sauces are fresher and better, their sweet pork is more flavorful, and you can actually order small OR large sizes instead of being stuck with a $9 salad, like you do at Rio. Let's put it this way - I just ate dinner and I'll probably STILL hit Costa Vida tonight! I like their loyalty program too - I've already had a free meal and I'm almost on my 2nd free one. Costa rocks!!
2	I've been here on a multitude of occasions and have tried nearly everything on the menu. Everything I've had is really just sub par so it wasn't a fluke the first time I went. Sweet pork isn't really good at all like how everyone makes it out to be. Portions can be skimpy and everything is just generally not great. It is also really busy so it takes forever to get an average and over priced meal and the staff is not accommodating. The only reason why it earned two stars was because of the freshness of their items. If anything is recommend a salad with the cilantro like vinaigrette, but you're way better off heading over to pita jungle or sauce.
2	I have been coming to Costa Vida since it came to Arizona. The food, while not really Mexican at all, used to be good and the staff really went the extra mile. Over the last two years though, the quality of the food has slipped tremendously. Every encounter that we have had has been rushed, sloppy, and there is a general lack of care that permeates the atmosphere. The most recent experience involved a to-go order, two enchilada style burritos, that showed up as rice burritos (literally- nothing but tortillas and rice). A quick call down to the restaurant to correct the mistake resulted in a 50% off coupon for the next meal. No offer to fix the order, no refund, no apology... just a coupon for the next meal (which will most likely not be used). I really want to like Costa Vida, but the lack of care and quality make it too easy to choose Cafe Rio to appease my wife's cravings.
5	This place is awesome!!! Sweet Pork is killer & your mouth waters looking at the delicious chicken cooking on the grill!! My fav Mexi place in Valley!!!! Checkout the Daily Specials & save $$$$$ Oh don't forget to order the Cilantro 'n Pico - TO DIE FOR
2	It's a shame when good food is held hostage by a rude staff. This is the only taco shop I've ever been to where nobody who works there seems to want to make a taco. If you do go, the sweet pork is very good. But be prepared to for a ridiculously long wait for remarkably few people. And when you finally do make it to the front, your food will be slopped together by people that obviously don't want to be there. Overall, the juice is no longer worth the squeeze. Go to Chipotle or Qdoba and save yourself some aggravation. Shame.
