4	They make a great Chicken Fried Steak and its HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Great Value.....
1	So remember that movie Las Vegas vacation and they are playing guess the hand and other obscure games well this is the place... Not really but what a strange, old, grungy dive of a casino.  We only came because of the living social deal and will never come back.  Old school, hoopty and somewhere never to frequent at night for safety reasons.  I was nervous the whole time there.  Creepy!  Living social should be ashamed of being associated with them.
4	Low limit casino in North Las Vegas, NV directly on Las Vegas Boulevard, north of Downtown. $1 bowling is a draw. The dealers and service are both friendly and helpful. Casino interior needs a cleaning, and renovation. Nice place though. I'll be back.
1	How bad could this place be?We waited 15 minutes in a booth a waitress never came to get a drink order say hi or anything else!I walked up to two managers that were rolling silverware to tell them how it was and they said "its a hard night tonight and give us a break" they never said sorry or anything else avoid this place at all cost! I called to talk to management and they don't want to talk to you nor will they call you back, avoid all nugget's at all costs!
1	OMG! This place is the absolutely gross the men's bathroom by the restaurant disgusting! The restaurant has poor service, mediocre food, and for God sakes clean the carpets!!!Think this is a local hole in the wall no it is a local dump! This Casino needs to really invest in a cleaned up appearance because cheap prices doesn't cure much when your product is so bad you can't make it cheap enough!
4	this place has come to grow on me... first the pros.... the staff is very friendly, the hometown kitchen food is really good and really cheap :), the bowling ally is reasonable and has a few games to play..downsides, at night and occasionally during the day there are some shaddy characters...which can make it feel unsafe at times. the bathrooms are gross, even though it seems like they try an clean them pretty often.over all though ive come to really like this place
1	Absolutely the most disgusting bathrooms I have ever seen, worse than a 29 Palms roadside gas station. Every time I dine there I bring up the dirtiness of the facility and every time I return (hoping thay have rectified the situation) the bathroom seems the same.The only saving grace is the excellent food (especially the Chicken Fried Steak breakfast)  and waitstaff in the restaraunt, if not for that reason I would never step foot in there.
5	The silver nugget has been around for a long time I have seen a lot of changes as I been coming here and so far all for the good keep up the good work. The staff is very friendly I love the new changes to the restaurant and I'm bringing my family back here
2	Tried to phone order twice was put on hold for over 25 minutes. I called again asked for the restraint manager, got a voice mail. I called back and asked for the casino manager, she Raquel is very pleasant and sweet, very professional on her job.Anyways, I ordered the Prime Rib dinner and it was very good. but The restraint staff is very very lazy immature, rude,terrible with customer service yes you Michael,you need to watch who you talk to. especially your elders I wished your momma saw you, cause if you were my son,I'd slap you!!!!  Also have been there for there Chicken Fried Steak, YUMMY!!! There food is very very good for the price, Good Luck
3	I have not been here in 10 or 15 years!. My wife & I ordered the prime rib special today cant be beat! the waitress was very nice, everyone was friendly. I dressed very casual jeans & a red shirt, no suit or tie! Very roomy booths, I usually have trouble getting into a booth due to my size. But I was comfortable here. I had 2 prime rib specials my wife had one. I was shocked when I saw the bill! $12.00 Wow. I'm coming back!
2	Where gamblers go to die or loose their teeth. Went in on a Friday late night because we saw it from the street and needed to use the restroom, it was a ghost town! Maybe 15 people at the slots. No open tables. Bar was the of caliber you should only get bottled or canned drinks. On the plus they has some cheap bowling!
1	Go someplace else. This place is VERY, VERY dirty. the restaurant will burn your food. Unfortunately we had someone with us that really wanted to eat there. I was fearful that we were going to get sick. The place is so dirty, the carpets, tables, chairs. The heavy smoke thought out added to the dirty feel. Our meal was awful. Our "medium rare steak" came out of the kitchen burned, and was beyond well done. I know that it is an old casino. But the dirty feeling thorough-out is no excuse.  the Golden Nugget is also and old Casio, but is very clean and the food 100% better. The only thing that is good is the waitstaff is very friendly.
