4	Ice cream is always a good bet, if you crave it, Baskin Robbins is a good choice.  I like chocolate fudge and they have the richest one around.   I like to combine that with a second flavor in a cup.  It can be freezing outside and I will still want some ice cream.  There are so many flavors to choose from and you can get a sundae or a shake. And they are always adding new flavors so when you go in, you might find a new favorite like the raspberry white chocolate chip.The staff at this store is always friendly and it's usually not very crowded.  We make it a point to return often!
3	Good flavor selection. They offer that you try flavor. Ample parking.
1	I have had 2 problems with this location 2 years in a row. The first one they made the cake smaller than it should have been and when I told the owner about it she acted so rude and suggested I was lying. The next year they messed up my daughters birthday cake. I ordered chocolate chip ice cream and the chips everyone realized was cheap generic ice cream that you would buy at the store in those big gallon tubs. The only saving grace was the good decoration.
4	I started coming here because of my wonderful co-workers who can't stop talking about ice cream every week. Lol! I usually go for the sherberts but the other day tried a smoothy with a scoop of ice cream recommend by the one of the worker. Omg.. and I loved it!
4	Came here on a random thursday night with a friend for some post sushi sweets and was taken back to my childhood of ice cream dreams! I never stop in baskin robbins so I was surprised at how busy it was. Apparently this is a pretty popular location ! It was nice... good ice cream... nice servers and a sweet spot to sit and eat ice cream on a cold night.. good job Baskin Robbins!!
4	Who can say no to ice cream?This places closes at 10pm. There weren't any hours of operation listed on Yelp so when we searched this place up, we were glad we made it just in time.Everyone knows Baskin Robbins. There's almost any flavor that suits whatever mood you're in. Mine was and will almost always be Mint n Chips. The mint color...sooo pretty =) haha and it taste pretty damn good too!It was $4.00 and some change for two single scoops in a cup. Not as expensive as I thought it would be. Sometimes two cups of Yogurtland can run you up to $5-6. Although Yogurtland MAY (underline the word MAY) be healthier but lets not get into that. Everyone deserves a sweet treat regardless of calories every so often right? =)
5	Love this Baskin-Robbins! Kip and Tyler are always awesome to us and so nice! We are regulars lol and Kip is always there which is nice. The place has been packed since summer started but I still love going here because of Kip and Tyler!
4	Ice cream shop that's open til 10pm... love it! No skimping on the scoops here and there's a flavor that has me chanting "Jamoca! Ja Ja Jamoca!"  This is my go-to place for ice cream cakes for all occasions. Even if I'm not getting a cake, I enjoy checking out their freezer. I once saw the coolest little Spongebob ice cream cake. The service is fast too! When I was buying a cake for my sister, the lady at the counter asked what I wanted written on it, took the cake aside and was back in 2 minutes with a beautifully penned "Happy Birthday __" message. Great idea for a last-minute gift especially when you run out of ideas, like I did.
3	Got a Oreo soft serve and it wasn't anything special. It was ordinary soft serve ice cream. Next time I'll be sure to try their actual ice cream. I must say, ice always been a fan of their ice cream cakes!
4	Its getting harder and harder to find 31 flavors stores. This place always has a nice staff offering free samples. I love free samples. This is a great place to put smiles on kids faces and where else can you spend only $5 on two kids. Only four stars because its time to redecorate.
5	I love Baskin Robbins Ice Cream we go here about once every month and The staff is very friendly !! Jeremy always helps us in deciding what ice cream we should try! Thanks Jeremy for your assistance !
5	This location has been here forever, and it is worth going to. Chocolate chip is my all time favoriteStaff was super friendly and customers kept streaming in and they never missed a beat with being friendly and helpfulThe location is clean as well Very nostalgic Great cheat day treat!
2	I'm not a huge ice cream person, but when I crave it, it's nice to know there's a location down the street even though the chain overall is getting harder and harder to find. Their e-club gets you a free scoop on your birthday and various coupons throughout the year.Favorite flavors include jamocha, jamocha almond crunch, the cherries jubilee, black walnut, and pralines and cream: you pretty much can't go wrong. For those on a diet, they have lower-cal options, they even have sugar-free and lactose-free choices- talk about accommodating!Except for the fact that their register apparently will not read your card occasionally, and they have no way to enter it manually. So you can go in excited, make small talk with the staff, get your ice cream scooped, then go to pay, and get handed back your card with a brusque, "Your card isn't swiping. It's not for insufficient funds or anything, but it's not reading." Well, it worked just fine at the gas station I was just at...And they move right on to the next person in line without another word, presumably tossing my scooped-and-bagged order because they have a problem with THEIR system. Embarrassing and rude, felt this could have been handled more professionally. No effort was made to retain my business. Don't know if I will bother showing my face here again given the many other cold sweet options in nearby Chinatown.
5	Ice cream come on people how could any1 do wrong here. Great service, nice and friendly staff. Busy but the staff was great. Busy Saturday evening pretty surprised. How could u not just love this place they have everything anyone would ever want. This place is pretty clean also. Its a small place but lots of room. U can get b-day cake and pints of ice cream.
4	This location isn't too far from where we live! Ice cream is always a good idea! I love that the strawberry ice cream has strawberries mixed in the ice cream!  They have the cutest ice cream cakes! The store is clean and the staff was very friendly and patient with everyone who came in while we were there!All in all a nice place to grab a quick treat!
