5	As always Tiffany and her ladies do a great job grooming.  Super personality and always clean.
5	Great groomers, all very lovely and helpful people. Easy to get appointments, easy-to-find location (I get lost a lot). I bring both my dogs here and one is kind of a spazz. Both are always calm and look like handsome, respectable gentlemen when they are done.
5	Third time bringing my two dogs to Love A Pup. They still love pups and I still love them. Great service and friendly staff, even though I was a little late at pick up. The dogs were fresh and soft and smug about their dashing haircuts.
4	I've been taking my pup here to get her hair did for years!  I'm always happy with the results, and if I'm not, they will fix it up right away.  They do her nails, glands, wash, and cut for $42.  I think it is a little pricier than others but I trust them with my sweet girl.  Sometimes, she gets a cute bandana or hairbows.  I wish she got it every time; it's the icing on the cake!I'm not switching anytime soon.  I'll continue to let them love my pup!
1	I have been goi g to Love a Pup for a year and left because of the uneven shave on my dogs, then I went back after taking my other dogs there for anal gland cleaning, well we took our fog in Saturday and she once again was uneven took my other dog into day and it was horrific what they did to her, then the owner Tiffany yelled at me telling me I'm never happy and then looked at my dog and said ya your right it's uneven after telling me it wasn't then on top of it they violated me dog by shaving her head to tail which they took that off too it was a Poole cut short and she looks horrible!!! I told Tiffany the owner that I pay a lot of money here she rolled her eyes and shook her head no and said no you don't. Well that's for sure I'm not going to be paying them any more Your Fired Love a Pup!!! Look at the horrible job they did which she was right on one thing she was confused I would never ask for this to happen to my dog!! So no stars for you Tiffany owner of LOVE A PUP
5	We have a dog that doesn't like anything about getting groomed. The people at Love A Pup are so great with him! If you want your dog groomed by someone who really loves dogs, this is your place. To me, that's worth the price.
5	Great staff and great service. This was our first time taking our dog to Luv a Pup and she's not used to being groomed. They did an awesome job with her and my dog seemed very comfortable when we went to pick her up. Very decently priced. Really happy we tried them out!
1	WARNING !!!DO NOT TAKE YOUR PET HERE FOR GROOMING!!!!   The people here are rude and inconsiderate. The dogs in the place are all howling and unhappy. Very unprofessional staff including the lady in charge. Take your dog somewhere else. This place is the wrong one. Don't risk your loved one. Take them to a better place.
