5	Five Guys should be proud of this staff. I've eaten in a few Five Guys an they always seem to have a good quality burger but this location stands out. We have been in a few times and we are always greated with a clean restaurant and a happy staff. I'm not usually a fan of chains but these guys take pride in their work and cook a great burger.  :)
5	Was in the mood for a Good Burger the other day, and when I want a good burger Five Guys always comes to mind. The menu is simple, and the ingredients are Fresh, and everything is made to order. There toppings seem to be neverending, and don't cost anything extra. So if your in the mood for a big juicy burger head to Five Guys. You won't regret it!!!
3	Awesome food just make sure you don't get it to go. My car  smelled like greasy fries for days after I took some takeout home for dinner. If you really want a good burger, just stop by here and eat in, it's worth not having the greasy fry smell!
5	Gotta love the fries
5	Gotta love everything about Five Guys. It's always a toss up but half the time I order the hot dog . And the fries- yum-o!
5	Best burger I have ever had in my life. Super fresh and well worth the wait (they prepare and cook your food right in front of you). Highly recommend.
5	Simply the best burgers I've ever had!Get the app, order ahead, 7 minutes later you are in burger heaven!I have been to 5Gs around the country and have never been disappointed.
5	Have been here many times over the past year....the burgers are consistently delicious and the staff does a good job of keeping the restaurant clean.  The service is always quick and friendly.  The cost is a few bucks higher than the chain places close by but you get what you pay for.  In my opinion the best place to go if you're not in the mood to fire up the grill.
5	Best burgers in town, you got that right
3	Ok, so I get the hype. But I am not sure I am a believer. It was good, but best burger ever? Nah, I don't think so. For $17 for lunch for two that included two burgers, a shared fry and two waters...I don't think I would become a regular. The meat was more than enough and it was.messy. I had mine all the way minus pickles and tomato and mustard, and it was good. Better than many in fact. Our order got taken by another patron on accident so our wait time was longer thn expected but it was no biggie.I might could stretch it to 3.5 stars, but for this visit, I am going to round down. Maybe I will try again another day.
2	Very loud noisey place due to the hard floor and walls. Workers dragging charts and tables around while I was trying to eat. Very discourteous to patrons. I won't be back.
3	I love five guys but this particular location has disappointed me !!!!I had a little cheeseburger and the lettuce was not fresh and crisp like it supposed to be , it's almost like they gave me cooked lettuce , ugh
4	I've had Five Guys elsewhere, but maybe this one is different? Nope. It's a great burger that is well assembled and I love how the cheese gets all melty and messy in there with the loaded toppings.Your order will be prepared extremely quickly while you fill up your soda and then you can get down to the eatin' part. Fries are good, but not great.Five Guys is a huge step up from the fast food joints, but it's not the best burger around. If you're looking for something just a bit more upscale, try the BT's Burger Joint across Tryon in Rivergate.
4	Friendliest 5 Guys in town and the best burgers in southwest Charlotte (yes, I've tried you other "guys").One knock as parking is not the best.
