5	First time going to a foot reflexology place.. They were running a lil late but definitely made up for it and I walked out a happy customer. I'll definitely be back again soon
4	It's been open for 2 months and they have Great specials $30 for an hour. $15 for 30 mins. It's clean and organized, Staff was super nice and friendly!! Waited for a awhile since there were 5 of us that checked in at the same time. We got the hour special for $30. As soon as we got settled in they gave us a bottled water and since we waited for a few minutes, they threw in an extra 20 mins for free!! The massage was amazing! So glad i found this place so close to home!! I'll definitely be back!
5	First Time!  Was clean and relaxing music.  Massage was great, no wait and affordable.  Will be going back soon :)
4	After a tough, hot, uphill, and rocky 5K this past Saturday, this place was just what I needed.  My entire body hurt, which I sort of love and hate at the same time. You feel like someone beat the caca out of you but you know you worked those muscles out! Perfect for the legs and booty (get some). Anyway, this place is super close to home and walked in with my gorgeous mama for a reflexology massage. Um, wrong, we got a full body rub down! Neck and head first (my fave spots), followed by shoulders, arms, hands, legs, feet, back, booty, and then head again. My girl had some pretty strong hands and hurt me a few times, but I needed it after running around the desert and climbing walls, wearing angel wings, while buzzed off a few shots of rumplemintz (bad idea). $30 for the entire hour! The only difference between this place and a regular massage is you keep your clothes on (I like naked and ladies, skip the regular bra. Leave them loose or a sports bra works)  Best deal in town!!. Woke up feeling DOPE the next few days.  Definitely coming back to this place.
5	The best deal in massages in Vegas! For 30 bucks, you get a full hour of full body massage....and it's an AMAZING massage at that! They have a frequent customer card where you get the 9th or 10th massage free....will be back again soon!
1	Wow. Just read the other reviews... I feel kind of bad giving them one star. The place was clean the owner was nice and the price was great! But I'm pretty sure I was fondled excessively by the guy (andy) who gave me a massage. I usually go to a foot massage place on spring mountain and valley view but decided to try this place because There was a 2 hour wait at jiffy lube and a 1 hour wait at my nail place (all in the same parking lot).Anyway, I rolled up my jeans and the guy said "we have shorts if you want". That sounded like a good idea at the time. Him wanting to stand there and watch me change should have tipped me off that this guy was a perv. I know all technicians (if that's what you want to call them) have different techniques, but this guy spent a little too much time and attention on my chest area and glutes... I mean, it's a foot massage place, right?! There were a couple of times that he got a little too close for comfort. I should have just walked out, but I've never been in that kind of situation so I didnt quite know how to handle it or confront him about it. Bottom line: maybe it was just my masseuse that creeped me out. I'll stick to my place in chinatown. It costs a little more and it's a little older, but at least I don't leave questioning whether or not I was just molested.
5	AMAZING! Just left and I must say this was an awesome experience. Very relaxing and professional. Then the price is the cherry on top!
5	Amazing !!!!So good
4	I came here with my cousin last night and it was amazing!we both got an hour full body massage which was 35 dollars eachThey were so cool and friendly, i just loved their attitude!ok so my cousins masseuse (did i spell that right? lol) looked exactly like one of her friends so my cousin kept laughing in the beginning, and the masseuse was totally ok with it lol even though it was annoying for me, because i was trying to relax lmaomy masseuse was massaging me a bit too hard sometimes, i told her to soften it up a bit twice, which i didnt mind, im just a bit sensitive, i guess i shouldve told her that from the beggining, anyway the massages were amazing! they hit spots i didnt even know would feel awesomeIt was my first cactual massage ever so i can't really say it's the best, but if I weren't moving to LA, i would totally be a repeat customer
5	After 3 long nights working at the hospital, I needed a good leg/foot massage! After jumping on yelp, I found this hidden gem close to my house.  I had no idea they do entire full body massages too - head to toes! (They might want to reconsider their name because of this).Jenny was my masseuse. She is TINY, but that woman is STRONG! She cracked and popped joints I didn't even know I had.  Face massage is Heaven. Arms - Heaven. Leg and FEET - OH SO HEAVENLY! Then, she flips you over to do - wait for it - your shoulders, back, and booty...... H-E-A-V-E-N.  They literally climb on top of you, put their full weight on you and go to town. They punch and stretch, push and pull... there are times when it can feel a bit painful, and that's a good thing! And all the while, the lights are dimmed really low, tiny lamps illuminate the space, oh-so-soothing music fills the room, and the staff outside keep their voices down to preserve ambience.  Unlike other places I've been to, this place gives more privacy. Little walls separate the space into cozy rooms. You do keep your clothes on, so dress minimally - shorts and tank tops help them do their job better.  I did the 75-minute full body massage for $40!! That's special pricing, so go while it's low! I've spent $150 for 50 minutes at Wynn; this place puts them to shame (love you, Wynn!). When the prices go back up after this special is over, I still don't mind coming back - even scheduled another session with Jenny for next week!
5	I found my favorite massage place !! Let me go from beginning of my visit to the end ((: When I made an appointment, the guy was really nice and asked me if I wanted to focus on something in particular. I got there like 10 mins late for my appointment && they accommodated me right away, even though its busy . The girl who massaged me was very gentle and she always asked if I wanted it hard or gentle on certain spots . Full body massage was amazing especially for the price . And the face massage really released my tension . Normally in massage parlors I go to, they rush when they're busy.. here they complete it with the best satisfaction of thecustomer. I lalalalove this place. & when I was about to leave, they asked me how it was and offered me water. I highly recommend this place. Dont waste your money somewhere else. This is the place
5	Great prices, wonderful massages, stamp card for frequent customers, and best of all-doesn't feel shady like some of the other places in town!
4	Decided to try a newer foot massage place close to home. Had a 1 hour session $40.00. Very good staff, clean environment. If your on the southwest side of Vegas I recommend! Nice lobby / waiting area. Was given a complimentary bottle of water upon my leaving.
5	Based on all the reviews I decided to try it. All I can say is wow what an awesome experience nothing what I expected. FANTASTIC!I will leave the rest a mystery, you have to experience it for yourself. Plan on going here again and again and again!I never knew I lived next to something so wonderful!
5	This was my 2nd time here and once again it was really good! I had Lisa this time who wasn't as strong but she did a good job.
4	This is a no frills or thrills place, but it was awesome in my opinion because they really focus on the actual massage of the whole body.  I made an appointment to secure my time for the massage, but doing a walk in seemed reasonable too.  If you have to wait, you can kill some time in the restaurants or shops that are in the strip mall. Upon walking in, you are greeted by the front desk.  Everyone is very friendly.  They take your info and you are led behind the front desk to one dark, large room with fan walls.  You don't get your own private room, but the areas are blocked off by the fan walls.  You take off your shoes and socks, but keep your clothes on.  Then you sit on the massage bed, which is about 2 feet off the ground.  They give you a bucket of warm water to soak your feet.  Then they start the massage.  They started with my head and worked all the way down to my feet, and spent a good amount of time on my feet, hence the reflexology.  It was wonderful and pure heaven.The place is quiet and they play some soft music, so even though it's a no frills place, I still felt very relaxed and comfortable throughout my massage.  They have female and male reflexologists.  The prices are awesome.  I will definitely back.
2	This was my 3rd visit and I had Angel. I asked the guy at the front desk for just a foot massage and to do it hard with a lot of pressure. Well, Angel is a very petite lady and she did not have the strength to accomplish the task. However, it was just o.k.. So for this reason I can't give it a higher rating. This time was a little unusual also, too much talking in the other massage booths, snoring, moaning, cell phones ringing. Guess. Picked the wrong day to go this time.
1	Mom was in town and we had some time to kill so I made an appointment for the two of us. It was a normal check in process. Said we had appointments, and the guy at the counter put us in a section with two massage chairs. Two foot soaking buckets come out and we soak our feet.  But here is where everything goes downhill. We waited at least 15 minutes before anyone came back in. The water in the buckets became cold. A man finally comes in and started on my mom. The guy that checked us in became my masseuse. And of course when this happens, when the phone rings, he walks away to answer it (twice), and walks away to answer the door when other people walk in (once). The massage itself was terrible because it was more like a skin rub with no pressure or technique. And just to finish this terrible experience off, he ends earlier than the guy working on my mom. I was like whatever and just wanted to leave. Paid, tipped bad and left. Nope, not ever coming back. Oh yea, some the ladies working there dress kind of provocatively and from where I was sitting and what I heard, the guys they were working on were regulars... working them tips I suppose.
5	This place was wonderful!  Took my mother and sister here.  30 minute full massage for $15, but we went for the full hour for $30...best choice for us!  Took us back in to a darker, calm section in the back, started with a foot soaking, then started at the head and worked down to feet, flipped us, then pulled some Cirque du Soleil magic crawling up our backs on their knees.  TOTALLY AMAZING and would recommend this to anyone wanting a great massage at an even greater price!
5	little place but all that matters is that the massage was awesome! we walked in on a mid day Thursday and didn't have to wait and they got right to it. my mother in law went in together. we both really enjoyed it. Definitely going back!
5	I have long since been searching for a good reflexology place since moving to Vegas.  I treated myself to a birthday foot massage and arrived Friday afternoon.  I was taken to the back immediately, and had a lady do my massage.  I paid $30 for an hour massage.  This is triple what I had to pay in CA, however reasonable for the Vegas prices and it was an equally great experience.  I think I have found my go to foot reflexology place.  Be prepared though, unlike some of the other salons I've tried in Vegas (this is what I am used to, although it may surprise others) they use oil/lotion and massage your entire face, hair, neck, arms, legs and feet.  You will feel nice and slick after this.  :)  (Don't plan a hot date just after leaving this place.  You will probably want to shower when you are done.)The lady I had applied just the right amount of pressure, hard enough to massage the knots and soft enough to be relaxing.   This is the place you go to totally relax, and then go home, shower and cozy up with a nice glass of vino!  When you are ready to leave, the offer you a bottled water.  I will be back again!
1	This was my 3rd visit and I had Angel. I asked the guy at the front desk for just a foot massage and to do it hard with a lot of pressure. Well, Angel is a very petite lady and she did not have the strength to accomplish the task. However, it was just o.k.. So for this reason I can't give it a higher rating. This time was a little unusual also, too much talking in the other massage booths, snoring, moaning, cell phones ringing. Guess. Picked the wrong day to go this time.This was my 4th visit today 10/16/13, the lady I got was doing what seemed to be a good job at first. She was the only one in the whole place, I got there at 11:00am. I would have expected they might be fly staffed by then, the reason I say this Is because she stopped in the middle of my massage to help the person walking in the front door. She then got her watts ready for her and set up her whole station while I lay there half naked and cold. She then started again and then got up again to answer the phone 2 times. She massaged me so hard that I still have a lot of lingering pain and red marks all over my body. Her nails dug into my skin and. I got towel burn from her massaging me with the towels so rough. I am so so so so sore from how hard it was, did I forgot to mention that while she was massaging me it hurt so much that I actually jumped while laying there.Well it used to be really good but staff and places do change! I have to find a new place.
5	What can I say? I love this place! My feet were aching and happen to stumble upon this gem! They didn't rub too hard which I have had done to me in the past. They gave just enough pressure and it was really relaxing! The price is right on and I can't wait to go back! I prefer this location because it isn't in the busy hustle and bustle of Chinatown and it's really easy to get to!
