5	The outside may fool you into thinking that this place is a cellular phone shop because of the picture of the Earth on the sign but it's not. In fact it's the best nail place I've been to so far! This is the second time I've been here for a pedicure and they rock my socks off literally. They spend so much time working on my feet and they are not in a hurry to get you out. I feel so relaxed when it's time to go . They have nice massage chairs, an array of magazines to look at while you wait and they even offer you bottled water on those hot Las Vegas days. If you enjoy shows about food they also have a big screen TV that seems to be playing food shows every time I've been there but I'm a Yelper I enjoy watching food shows! The two times I had my pedicure done at World Nails... I couldn't help admiring my feet because the outcome has been cute. This time I opted for a foam green with silver sparkles laid on the top ...no crooked nails cut here! The pedicures here cost $20.00.
5	Bliss! Amazing prices and a lovely, personable staff in a great location. My new nail place for sure!
4	I desperately needed a pedicure the other day...my poor toes were in a sad state of disrepair. I happened to drive by this place while I was running errands, so I thought I'd give it a try. I walked in and there was no wait. The employees all seemed nice, but also very quiet (which was perfectly okay with me, as I was dead tired at the time). My pedicure was thorough and the end result was quite nice. My toes looked great! And I couldn't complain about the price (only $20 + tip).I'm not sure if I would make this my regular nail salon, but I had a good experience.
5	I have been going to World Nails since I moved to Vegas 6 years ago. It's not pretentious. A family run business. They try to not keep people waiting (a pet peeve of mine). After 4 weeks my acrylics are still on and they last forever. They will use a razor on your feet if you think you need it. Close to home for me too which I love.
1	Went in for a pink/white fill & a pedi.  Prices are good but Pedi was so-so & Fill was AWFUL. Do not go here for your acrylics!   Also, the place is a little dingy & run-down w/ kids of the technician in the shop which is NOT relaxing. I will not go back.
5	After searching high and low for a good nail salon in my area I came across the world nails! The staff is friendly and they do a great job! I am a very meticulous person when it comes to my nails and I like a good artwork. They had it all... definitely a must go to!
4	I love having my nails done in here, the service is great. They really try to make you have a good experience. They got brand new chairs and flat screen tvs recently!! I really like seeing small businesses trying to improve their business.. Their pricing is really good.. 20 bucks pedicures!!! But truly what i like the most is that i really do not need to wait to get my nails done.. They are super efficient! They have about 3-4 people and they all move from client to client really fast! So if you ever need to have your nails done, make sure you visit them! They are very nice
3	The ladies are so nice but I don't feel like they pay attention to the little details & I always find myself fixing my nails when I get home which isn't cool. I'm on a mission to find someone who is amazing...
1	So I had to update my yelp review on this place because the details were so horrible that I had to edit my post... Just know that the worst thing that could happen here actually HAPPENED !!!! I believe they are not following proper sanitizing procedures.. Be aware!
1	Seriously the worst nail spa I've ever encountered. Went and got a pedicure and she ripped off my whole toe nail trying to PEEL off the gel polish.
5	I love everyone at world nails!  I didn't ever get my nails done but they by far out of any where in Vegas do the best eyebrows! !! They are clean and friendly!  I miss them so much but I'll be back in Vegas in July to very my eyebrows done. ...it will be over a year at that point they ll have there work cut out lol I have been doing them myself not good :)
