1	Terrible experience.  Extremely poor customer service.
3	They are good at alignment but not good at balancing. Had my tires re-balanced elsewhere.
5	I walked in to get what I figured was a two hundred dollar tire and to my surprise walked out with my tire fixed and back on the road for only a thank you . Just needed a valve stem.way to go Goodyear goodjob!
2	They had crayons for the kids
1	When I went to pick my vehicle up the parking lot was a unplowed slippery mess. My bill was over $500.00. Quin who checked me out was unfriendly, unpleasant and acted like he didn't want to check me out. He has no customer service skills. There are alot more garages in Madison, next time I'm going to one of them, Quin made it clear he didn't want my business.
1	My car was towed to Goodyear by the insurance company, so people working there gave me much over-priced estimation. There were problems with the right rod, but they insisted to change both sides because "one day the left side will have problem". They declined my request to only change the right side rod at Goodyear while find some other place to do the rest. They over-charged $100 on rod and declined my request to buy part by myself. They charged $160 for alignment until I insisted to buy only one alignment for $90. They charged $90 per hour labor. They know I can not move my car unless I ask for towing so they go ahead to rip me off. They even broke my front bumper and said nothing when I came to pick my car!!!! I will never go to Goodyear again and will try my best to prevent people from going. Bad bad bad!
5	I needed to have some tires I bought on-line installed. They were not available locally. I expected to get attitude wherever I went. They were great about it. Took me right in and got me out within a time restraint I had.They also did an inspection for me. I have a negative preconception of these, and expected to have a laundry list of excessive work to be done. They pointed up a couple if things and the solutions offered were reasonable. They checked the alignment and could have told me it was in need of, but instead told me it was fine.  Great people and honest service. I will be going back.
5	I went in thinking I needed to replace my brake pads.  They told me they were fine and just offered some maintenance work.  Everyone was very friendly and accommodating.
1	Against my better judgement I tried them again because they are so close to where I work. Brian was rude, unhelpful and has no customer service skills. If corporate headquarters is reading this, you need to fire Brian, before you loose all your customer!
