1	I've never seen so many fat, ugly people working in one place and all of them doing nothing.  Yet another store that claims to carry PC games but couldn't tell me when or if ever they would carry a major-market PC game expansion.  This is my 2nd trip there, the last time they tried to sell me a laptop with Vista despite a quick explanation that we were just trying to see if they had any XP inventory.  Ug.
3	I went Oct 19th to buy an HDTV that I saw for a great deal on their website.  The guy did not believe me when I said which tv it was for and what price.  (Sharp LC42D64U for $1199.99)  He insisted that it was a different tv then the printout I had with me and he checked for the website.  He makes a few phone calls and tries to talk to his manager and still seems very hesitant about price matching it's own website!After waiting around for about 35 minutes, I finally got the TV I wanted but he refused my coupon of 10% off of sale price for any tv.so, they lost 2 stars for not making my experience faster and questioning what I said so much.   I don't know if not accepting the coupon is policy or not but I am not taking stars off for that (maybe i should).  I am atleast happy that they brought the TV out to my car and helped me put it in.  Overall, I got what I wanted, only by knowing exactly what I wanted... I do not recommend coming here to browse... nor the bestbuy nearby.
1	Man what a mess! I found myself walking in circles trying to figure out where to start and where to end. Everything is out of order and the placement of new releases (movies and music) makes absolutely no sense. This store could use a training day in merchandising. The staff seem disengaged and not familiar with the product. Want to throw the staff for a loop, ask for a copy of LA VIE EN ROSE...had to repeat the title several times to two different people who could not figure out what I was asking for. Oh forget it! Sincerely,  Empty Handed
5	Fantastic! part of the fun of shopping is finding the items. This store lead me on a real journey through the heart, mind, soul, etc. I couldn't find anything but circuit city taught me the lesson of patience. For all those that give it a bad rating they wouldn't do that if they knew that the city went the extra mile to provide triple the size for the employee parking lot! the customer one is actually smaller and you can meet some really great friends there! 5 stars!
