3	The Egg & I has a decent menu with a lot of choices. To me this place is only ok, but I would rather eat here than some nation-wide chain like Denny's or IHOP. I 'feel' like the food is fresher than what you might get at either of those places. It's not likely to  happen in Arizona but I would LOVE some vegetarian meat options. Sure veggies are great but fake sausage or fake bacon is even better. I guess there isn't the demand for fake meat here. We've had bad service and ok service from here, its never been great. Their parsniped potatoes are good and so is the raisin toast, otherwise everything else is just standard. Still, its better than IHOP or Denny's.
1	The biggest shame about this establishment is the service.  The food is good, but not worth sitting through the horrible service my husband and I have received, more than once.  With the young girls that work serving the tables chit chatting and giggling with a half full dining room, while we waited for anyone to show up to our table after 30 minutes of being seated, it was horrible that we were ignored, and blatantly so.  This restaurant lost our business for good.  We tried it out 3 times, and unfortunately the non-service we received was the 3rd time, and we walked out, nobody really cared.
2	Meh.  That about says it.  Hard to mess up breakfast, but somehow they try and figure out a way.  Edible, but that's about it.
4	Great vegetable egg friatitta in a skillet. Friendly wait staff & good food. Would definitely return.
5	My favorite breakfast place.  It gets very crowded on Sundays after church.  The menu is creative with some very cool names for the dishes.  Good prices.  They don't seem to have a web site though.
3	This place has good eggs Benedict and great potatoes. Everything else I've tried was not very good.Service has been bad during every visit.
5	I am SHOCKED to hear people complain about service.  This has become my go to restaurant on weekends for just that - service.  I am a stickler for good service and this is top notch in the valley.  The servers are friendly and prompt and the food comes out quickly!  And oh my goodness the food.  The French toast is the best I have had anywhere!  It's amazing and a must try for anyone (and I typically don't care for French toast).  Their coffee is delicious and I love how they give you a whole pot.  All of the food is so fresh, I think I have about had the whole menu!  Like I said, it's my weekend hang out spot.  I also cannot say enough about the turkey, avocado bacon for lunch.  I am so lucky to have Egg & I in my local stomping grounds!  YUM!!!
1	The service was not all that great, after placing an order for out food one order was not correct and had to be sent back. And that was after waiting 20 min already. The French toast was not anything special and the hash browns had a funny aftertaste. Needless to say i will never go back.
1	The Egg and I on North Power use to be our favorite breakfast place in the east valley.  But no more.  Not sure what has changed but the service now is HORRIBLE.  And the food quality is equally as poor.I'm not sure how a restaurant can go downhill so quickly?  We have given them three chances since getting back for the winter & all three had the same results.  One of those times we actually had to walk in to the kitchen to ask somebody to seat us.   WOW!
3	Solid breakfast eats, and the only place convenient to the Las Selmas residential area.
1	Caution: do not go here! I just got back from eating here for the first time. All I can say is this food and service was awkward and disappointing. We walk in, no music and the ambiance was boring. The coffee is watered down and they do not carry Splenda- which I can overlook. My omelette was mediocre. It was supposed to have grilled onions and mushrooms inside but instead looked like they were just placed inside. There was very little flavor and I'm sure the mushrooms were canned. My boyfriend got the Benedict- which immediately looked like the hollandaise sauce was packaged. Overall please go spend your money elsewhere.... Down the street to Crackers And Co- much better service, food, coffee and ambiance! Thanks for reading
1	When the Egg & I first opened -- it was GREAT!  The service and food quality has consistently gotten worse over the years.  My husband and I decided over a year ago that we would not go back.  Yet, last Sunday (3/18/12), we wanted breakfast and it's the only place convenient to the Las Sendas residential area -- so we decided to give it another try.  It was horrible.  The wait staff is clueless. We waited over 45 minutes for our breakfast. Our food was cold when it arrived.  My husband's potatoes tasted funny. And, the blueberry pancakes we ordered had 6 berries placed on top and 4 blueberries stuffed in the center of a regular pancake.  We were told the cook was too busy and forgot to incorporate the berries and placed them in the pancake at the last minute.  I was astounded, to say the least. They also messed up two other table's orders sitting next to us. Yet again, my husband and I were disappointed. I promise, we WILL NEVER GO BACK.  We'd rather drive to Tempe, Chandler, or even Phoenix and that's too bad since we'd prefer to support our local businesses.
2	This place is going downhill fast. Always out of something you want to order. The food is great after you actually get it. It's such a shame I used to love this place. Took almost an hour to get yogurt and salad and ALL the waitstaff and managers look miserable. I guess it would be tough telling people you are out of something 50 times a day:/
1	I tried to give this place half a star but it wasn't an option.  Went for breakfast at 8am. Only two other people eating. Seats were ripped, my glass was dirty, when I reached for the catsup bottle, it was empty! It's 8am, obviously there is absolutely NO attention to detail here. My husband ordered sourdough toast, they were out of sourdough already! Really?!  The waitress looked like a SLOB! Cut off shorts and old t shirt.   I ordered an omelette, potatoes and wheat toast. Potatoes bland, omelette cold, wheat toast was burnt. Waitress didn't seem to notice, sat it right down in front of me anyway.  It is pathetic really.  The place is very cute and quaint.  Has SO much potential and could be just as busy or busier than Crackers, which is PACKED all the time.  Obviously very poor management or ownership!  I live right down the street, my husband and I didn't have the time to go all the way over to Crackers like usual, so we came here.  Biggest waste of $30!!!! It is not cheap food but cheap in every other way!   So sad!
1	I am not going to write a long review, but I will tell you not to waste your time or money going here.  The food was ok, the service was HORRIBLE.  Drive a little further to Crackers and enjoy a good meal and service.  Management/Owners you  need to get some training for your employees.I live in Las Sendas and I am surprise they are still open.
1	Gamey sausage, rude staff and far too cold to hang out and wait for 45 minutes after you have placed an order.
4	Nice place for a leisurely breakfast after a bike ride - ok, I realize that is a bit specific; but this place is on the north east corner of Power and McDowell which is a perfect location for anyone riding out in Usery Pass / Saguaro Lake area. The restaurant has a large covered patio with a north exposure for lots of shade. When we arrived, we were seated on the patio and provided with a large picture of ice water. This was quickly followed by a carafe of hot coffee. The coffee was very good. The wait staff was attentive and very  friendly. They were also very accommodating. I completely changed one of their standard omelets to kick up the spice and cut down on the fat - they accommodated me without a peep. Their prices are reasonable, service is great and location is awesome.
1	This place has definitely went downhill.  I have been here in the past and the sausage is what keeps me coming back.  Today I got them and their was a piece of bone and it actually hurt my tooth when I bit into the sausage.  My husband got the waffle and it was cold.  You know it is not good when you put butter on your waffle and it does not even melt the butter.  It was definitely the worst food experience we have ever had.  Don't waste your money eat breakfast at home.
1	Today we visited this Egg & I for the second time and was very disappointed.  Our first visit last week was great, no issues.  This time was a different story.  While the food was good, both of our portion size was about half the size as before.  Last time the breakfast meals was served on a normal sized breakfast platter.  This time both of our breakfasts were served on a small round saucer plate.  We asked our server about the smaller portion and plate size and was told that it is up to which ever cook served up our meal.  While we were discussing this with our server we noticed that all other customers meals were coming from the kitchen with full large plates.  We pointed that out to her and she said that there was nothing that could done since that is the way that the cook plated it up.  We told her that we were extremely disappointed and her only response was sorry, then she handed us our bill.  We ask her if this happens regularly and she said yes from time to time depending on the cook.  There seems to be no consistancy here and no one seems to care.   Very disappointing because is pretty good but we are not going to take the chance to pay for a full size meal and get half of what we ordered.  Lost our business forever.  And we will certainly tell everyone we know about this experince...
1	If you like a little extra in your food like bread tie raps this is the place.
1	Staff nice, but forgetful. The food was cold and bland. Wish I had checked them out here first. No wonder no one was in there.
5	Excellent Breakfast restaurant. My favorite items are the eggs benedict and the skins and eggs!
1	I will start by saying that the food here is amazing. I continue to come for it despite what I will go on to say: the service is very poor. Time and time again, I come back with an open mind and already low expectations, I am let down once again. They seem to always be grossly understaffed, their preparation is not consistent and the place has not been clean the last few times I've been in. Tables sit un-bussed while hostesses sit at the front and chat. All in all- not recommended and I cross my fingers hoping they will get it together.
1	EDIT - I am updating a 5 star review from a year ago to a 1 star?? HOW terrible!!!  My 5 star remains below...It is with a heavy heart I write this review.  I never understood why this restaurant got such low ratings until lately.  I cannot keep my mouth shut any longer and will no longer consider myself a regular.  Today we arrived and noticed the restaurant dirty.  And they no longer had sweetener other than sugar (asked for Splenda).  When asked we were told "the economy is bad."  OK no biggie.  So order: biscuits and gravy, eggs over hard and crispy bacon.  Biscuits are like dry discks and WHAT is in the gravy?  Mushrooms or sausage?  So rubbery I dont know.  Eggs are runny and bacon is just fat.  Sent it back.  Comes back the bacon has OBVIOUSLY been microwaved to sawdust and the eggs are FRIED to a CRISP!  I was shocked.  It was repulsive.  I kid you not, I fed it to my dogs who were out in the car and they werent not even thrilled to have bacon!  The waitress even told us when I mentioned the bacon that the "quality has gone down."  UMMM OK!  Kicker - we were charged for it.  So long Egg & I.
1	The postings are accurate.  This place fails to succeed on almost every measure.It's real bright spot is its location.  For breakfast sometimes that's enough.
1	I've been to this place a number of times, as I always seem to confuse the name with the Good Egg and expect the same goodness. Never do I find it.This last visit will be the absolute last. We sat down, waited 5min to even be acknowledged and she took our drink orders. 15min later, the drinks came, and she barely remembered to ask for our food orders. We asked for water then too. An hour later (literally), we get a jug of water, no glasses. Another 10min for glasses. Still no sign of the food.
1	So this rating is based on service and experience at my visit only as the food never came...  The place was not busy and we waited for about 30min for breakfast before deciding to walk out. We asked our server about 10 min before about our food and our response was 'yeah your food is coming...'  It seemed like a cute place at first but after sitting, I realized how filthy the place is. I've been here couple of times before but this place has definitely went down hill since my last visit. I yelped it after my visit and saw all the bad reviews. Not based on a food review but the only thing that's keeping this place going is the very limited breakfast omelette places in the area.
1	For my first review I'm happy to see the place is closed. I was heading to Smash Burger next door and noticed the for lease sign.  It used to be a great spot in NE Mesa but over the past 5 years has gone to crap.  I hope something new comes in soon.
1	Yuck. Dirty. Slow service. Gross food. Taco bell makes better food.
