5	Love Dr. Ravitch. He has the best knowledge and an awesome demeanor. He explains what is wrong without talking down to you. He is caring and compassionate and truly cares about his patients, rather than pushing them in and out like a fast food industry.
5	I'm going to follow Jacie's example and give you the run down of the whole story.  My foot started hurting 2 years ago.  It didn't hurt much at first, so I ignored it, then finally went to see a doc who got an x-ray and it didn't show anything.  So a year, 2 x-rays, Physical Therapy, and an MRI later, they finally figured out there is an enormous black spot on the MRI that takes up 80% of my heel bone!  I had an incompetent Orthopedic doc (military hospitals!) and got a referral for a non-military doctor.I went to Dr. Singel who immediately told me I need surgery and put in a referral to Dr. Monroe who is not approved by my military insurance and so I ended up with Dr. Fontes.  He was super competent and was willing to explain everything to me (which didn't take much since he's the NINTH doctor I've seen and I knew what was wrong with me already, but still!).  He was super thorough and wondered why the other doctors hadn't caught it on X-ray after I showed him my MRI films.  He had me take another set of X-rays and showed them to me.  The bone cyst (which is what everyone thought it was from the MRI) barely showed up on the X-rays.  A bone cyst is a hollow spot of bone filled with fluid and would have showed up as a different density on the X-ray.  Dr. Fontes explained that since it didn't show up very well on the X-ray, it's most likely much denser than fluid in that spot.  He immediately took pictures of my MRI and X-ray with his cell phone and texted them to his colleage Dr. Hillock (a tumor specialist).  Dr. Hillock immediately called him back with the news that the texture and definition of the black spot made it look very much like a giant cell tumor!  Yikes!  Either way, I was going to have to get operated on, but I really appreciated Dr. Fontes going the extra mile in defining exactly what was wrong with my foot.  Thanks to  him, I'll be able to see a tumor specialist to get the proper treatment to make sure the tumor doesn't come back.  Thank you, Dr. Fontes!
4	Great friendly staff....  minus the 1 star because I waited 1 hour after my appointment time.
5	my dad and sister had knee surgeries here.came to see dr. ravitch due to some knee problems after i popped it.i went in fairly quickly and had my xrays after a blood pressure test.doc came in and did a few checks while i explained what happened and that i went to my chiropractic adjuster the day before.he looked at my xrays and after the checks he felt it wasnt anything serious that would require surgery but told me to call back within a week for an mri if it worsened.hes really cheery and didnt hesitate to go out of the office and show me a model of the knee and explain what might have happened and then left the office again to get a book to show me which muscle that might have caused the problem. i like to be informed and educated. he did exactly that.even though the diagnosis was good, if i ever need to have anymore checkups or work done ill definitely come here.
4	Wish we never had to go.. But they are great
5	dr. mario quesada both of my arthroscopic knee surgeries. dr. quesada gets to the point but is still very friendly since everyone is running on a schedule including the patients. all of the staff are great and the wait time is never long. the recovery for both of my knees are doing well and am thankful for everyone at the office. if i ever have anymore orthopedic issues (hopefully not) ill definitely come back to dr. quesada.
1	Waited over an hour after my scheduled appointment time at my first appointment with several broken bones and in excruciating pain.  Staff didn't seem to be trying to get things moving along and get me into see the doctor while I'm about to pass out from pain in the waiting room.  Don't know how this place stays in business.  Dr. Fontes and the PA are great and knowledgeable but the office staff are incompetent  buffoons, especially the office manager, who never bothers to return phone calls or emails for important business matters.  And Fontes' medical assistant, Kricket, does not return all phone calls as she claims to do.
2	I normally dont write review but this time im so upset..in the past I have waited over 30 to 40 min to see a doctor and I wait because the doctors are good..however today I was 5 min late.  My appointment was at 1:40 got there at 1:45..they opened the glass at 2 and told me they could not see me...I think its sad...go for the doctors..dont be a second late and deal with waiting and a not so nice staff
