1	This is the worst KFC I have ever been to. It is the closest one to my house, so sometimes I come here to satisfy my chicken craving. But I try to avoid it at all costs. There have been several incidences where I've had to wait 10+ minutes for my food at the drive-thru. That is completely unacceptable for a fast food joint. The first time it happened, I gave them the benefit of the doubt because it was particularly busy that day. But it happened again, then again, then again... They have also cut down their menu tremendously. I used to be a big fan of their Honey BBQ wings. Now they don't even offer any sauces for their wings. This place is not worth your time.
2	This is Possibly the worst KFC in las vegas,.. Been here a few times thinking it was just a bad day for them but no.. Stay away from here if you want KFC..  Cold food stale biscuits and a girl that's been smoking weed or on some kind of medication at the register..
2	I don't eat here but my girls need a little KFC fix every once and awhile. This location is close to my house so that is where I take them. could use a little fixing up inside and let's be honest it is KFC. Sometimes girls get chicken that should have been tossed but for the most part they are happy with their food.
3	It's always a challenge to review a fast food chain.  I am not going to go into KFC thinking it's going to be gourmet cuisine.  I go into KFC with this mind set:  1.) I have to feed the family and don't want to spend  a lot of money.  2.) I need something convenient and fast.  This is how it goes.  You can only eat Hamburgers for so long.  Now I am talking when we need to grab a quick meal after work because we don't have time to cook.  KFC does a great job of providing this alternative quick meal option.  So like I said earlier a fast food place is what it is.  I am in and I am out.  This particular KFC is actually pretty clean so that's always a plus.  So the next time you need to feed the family quick and cheap pick up some chicken and sides and don't forget the honey for the biscuits!  Cheers!
1	This was my 2nd time at this particular KFC. The first time was fine, but this time around...I waited about 7-8 minutes for my food! They were behind on the sides or something...and I'm not sure if this is normal for KFC or it's just this particular location, but the food was ...unsatisfying. I was disappointed with the amount of salt used to season the chicken. I couldn't taste anything but salt, salt and more salt. The cole slaw was a bit old and overly sweet. Overall a very bad meal that I will remember long enough to avoid KFC. I'd rather have chicken at McDonald's.
3	Went through drive-thru.   Took a little bit of time, but they got me what I wanted.  Wasn't asked if I needed ketchup or anything else though and they didn't throw in utensils.  Thank goodness I wasn't going to a park or something with my bucket of dippin' greasy lardness goodness.Of course, my GPS told me that the one on Silverado was closer to me, and then I find out that there's one right off of Eastern close to Anthem.  Damn you Garmin.The one other thing that completely threw me off was that if you turn into the area from the side of grocery store, it looks like a 1-way outward.   Which makes no sense at all since there's an entrance to KFC on that side.
1	I cheat one night a week on my diet, & Im so disappointed I chose KFC last night... Never Again! Check your order before driving away, the staff forgot 2 of our sides we paid for which I guess ended up for the best considering the rest of our order tasted disgusting. Such a waste of $30 & our time! We should've just went to Chili's....
2	Nothing is worth a one star but this place is pretty close. Terrible service they always mess up the order AND they are rude. One time i even got a piece of chicken that was solid rock hard like it was days old. I do not recommend this place. STAY AWAY!!!!
3	I frequent this drive thru often. Fast and friendly during lunch. Food matches its price point. I rock the $5 lunch menu.
1	This place has got soooooo horrible. I can't wait for my kids to no longer like kfc. They just charged me $1.19 for 2 cups for water for my kids. I guess they want kids to have sugat drinks and get diabetes.
1	Holy crap! This place is is SLOW! I think traveling a greater distance will be better than the stress of ever coming here again.
1	Absolutely horrible service ! They always get my order wrong and the employees are rude. I recommend not visiting this location get some pollo loco from down the street.
1	I know it is a fast food place, and that it is hard to write a review on fast food.... so here goes!This was truly one of the most frustrating fast food experiences ever! I decided on KFC as a quick dinner option.... so much for fast food and a quick option! By the time I got my food it was 21 minutes later! My receipt showed I paid at 6:57p- I did not leave the establishment until 7:18p!I pulled into the drive thru and ordered one famous bowl- with the gravy on the side (so that it wouldn't get to soggy by the time I got home) the girl repeated my order and it was correct, so I proceeded to the window to continue the transaction and receive my food- when I got to the window the girl took my card and then mentioned it would be about six minutes for my food, and I said ok- she then completed the monetary transaction and asked me to pull around to the front to wait and she would bring it out when it was ready- so I did- only to see her leaving for her shift to go home ten minutes later- so I wanted another 5 before going in to check on my order- I was then ignored by three different workers to then be asked by another yelling from the back of the kitchen with an attitude "can I help you!?"- I said that I was coming in to get my order and had my receipt- she then proceeded to get the order, and handed it to- I checked the bag, and noticed that the gravy was on the dish- so I mentioned that I had ordered it on the side- she seems a lil annoyed and they went to re-make it.... Another girl brought it back with a very dismissive attitude.I know that it is a fast food place, but as a fellow human I have never received such bad courtesy from other people!If you want KFC- I highly recommend another location!
1	Hey @KFC, I'm convinced that this is the worst KFC in Vegas, if not the world. Look at how many one star reviews this location has! I should have checked with Yelp to spare myself from the horrendous meal I just experienced.For the record, I don't cheat on my diet often but when I do, I expect it to be both good and worth it. Not too much to ask for I don't think. After trying to go to another restaurant only to find out they were closed due to a family emergency, I wound up here. And now I'm so grossed out so much that I think I'm never coming back.Don't go to this franchise! Whoever owns this place must be cheap and prefers to scam people instead of doing the right thing. Rather than saying they're out of gravy, they instead presented me with gravy that was the consistency of water and tried to pass that off as the real thing.May I present you with Exhibit A? https://vine.co/v/MxbPj22t6PlYour honor, I rest my case.As a last resort, I tried it hoping that at least the flavor was still there but unfortunately my gut instinct was correct. Indeed it was watered down gravy along with watered down flavor. Or maybe a disgruntled employee took a whizz in it. Who knows?! All I know is that it was disgusting! My wondering about what I had just ingested ruined my whole meal & appetite for a long time. As a result, I didn't finish eating and threw everything away. A complete waste of money as well as calories!The manager, Jesus, was unhelpful and didn't seem to care. Overall an awful fast food experience that probably has ruined me for KFC for life. It was so bad that it inspired my very first negative fast food review. Congrats guys... this 1's for you!
1	Horrible service and the tightest drive-thru I've been through. My order takes forever and if you buy the hot wings- you be lucky if they have enough. They always apologize if they are short-handed or it takes another 20 minutes to cook more. Be sure to check your order because they screw my mother's order 3 times and the employees had no sympathy. As for the drive-thru, my father complained to the manager that the corner was too tight and they have done nothing about it. I've seen many SUVs in front of me having trouble making the left turn...and some getting scratched up from the pole! Never going back here again unless they fix how they run business- for now I'll drive the extra mile to find a better KFC in the neighborhood.
1	Don't come here. Didn't get the order right and there was a BUG in the bag that fell on our table. YES A BUG. still alive and everything. And no it didn't come from our apartment... It came from inside the bag. I'm saving y'all a trip.
2	I never had too much trouble with this kfc until today. For starters the drive thru was incredibly long, going out into the already small parking lot which made it difficult for other traffic to get in and out. I was there probably around 7 so I get that it'll be busy since it's around dinner time, however I discovered that it was really because of the time it took to actually order and get my food.It was incredibly frustrating to get my order through to the gentleman taking it, he had told me to wait a minute to start, which is fine! Once I started my order, it took him at least a few minutes to respond to me that he even put in what I ordered. I was starting to wonder if the speaker had broke or something cause after trying to say something numerous times there was still no response. I'd say it took at least 6 minutes just to get the order in. Never waited that long in a drive thru, ever. Once I got to the window, it was obvious that he was stressed and asked if I wanted anything to drink, I had told him that I didn't order any drinks and he told me "You were waiting for a while, it's on the house" and apologized so I definitely appreciated that gesture. He had expressed that apparently it was only him and the manager running things at the time, which is pretty ridiculous considering the fact it was around dinner time. I ended up feeling bad for him because the people behind me were clearly really frustrated since the customer 2 cars behind me were talking to the ones in the car behind me (rather loudly too) complaining about the wait.Overall I wouldn't really recommend this restaurant, I got lucky this time with this guy cause he was pretty nice, but in the past I remember the employees having a little attitude which isn't usually appreciated from my standpoint.
4	I come here about once a week. I always order the grilled chicken, macaroni and cheese, green beans, corn. Once they mixed up my macaroni and cheese for mashed potatoes and gravy, which I don't care for. I ended up throwing that away. I never have liked reconstituted mashed potatoes and never will. No matter who makes it. Yes, the drive up is slower than Wendy's or McDonalds. But I just know not to go there when I'm in a huge huge hurry. I usually come at around 230 or 3 p.m. when it's not too busy. But during the times that I have come when there is a line, it does seem to take quite a while.
1	Coming from a long drive from Cali and checking in South Point hotel, decided to skip casino food. Headed to KFC, fairy new which was a good sign. Wow was I wrong, the cashier was new and did everything wrong. The person who was supposed to help was to busy doing ofher things. After a good ten miserable minutes the order was complete but receipt printer was suddenly down. After getting the order the cake that was supposed to come with order was not with the order. I ordered one cup for water for my daughter and they told me there are out (after I paid for four cups for sodas), I still insisted on a cup, then they offered one but $.69, after paying almost $50.00. I don't know but that particular location their management really suck balls big time. If all these negative reviews keeps climbing up hill that place will surely cease to exist because everyone pays attention and my behalf I went there because its fairy new
