5	When I first moved to Pittsburgh, my eyes had a little trouble adjusting to the environment and I went to Dr. Ross because he was near me. The practice is quaint and cozy. Dr. Ross is very knowledgeable and thoroughly examines all eye issues. I had no trouble making an appointment either.
5	Dr. Ross and his staff are awesome and let me tell you why.First, he's a very practical guy.  He'll get the job done quickly and efficiently.  And, he'll answer any and all questions.Here's my story.  I've been getting glasses from him for a while and the assistant mentioned daily wear contacts.  So I made an appointment to try them out (when I last wore contacts, daily wear contacts had just come out and cost a fortune, now they are pretty darn cheap!).I wore them, but I had some of the eye-drying problems I had before at work (I'm a software engineer...I stare at a screen all day).  So I borrowed a friends "computer glasses" (yellow tinted, with a +0.25 magnification) and they helped.Being scientific minded, I wanted to see if unmagnified, untinted glasses were just as good.  So I borrowed a pair of their display glasses to try it out.When I went back to return the display glasses, I showed the glasses to Dr. Ross and he measured them to show their magnification (I didn't know before).In addition, he's letting me try a variety of contacts to see if some work better for me than others.Any eye doctor can do the job, I'm sure, but Dr. Ross does it well!
5	Went for a new contact lens Rx, was very pleased with Dr. Ross. I got right in for an exam, he was thorough but quick, and his staff allowed me to pre-pay to order lenses while I tried out a few trial pairs... when I needed a slight adjustment, Dr. Ross opened on a Sunday to fit my schedule, then gave me two sets of trial pairs to try to make sure they worked well! The prices are reasonable, the service straightforward - not super-fuzzy, but honestly I'd rather go somewhere that is willing to go the extra mile to help than somewhere with a fancy waiting area and overly smiley staff. Dr. Ross gets the job done properly, is pleasant, and is willing to help. I'll definitely be coming back here for my next eye appointment.
5	Great service, nice people.  My son has had lots of trouble with his glasses.  As he was only three when he started wearing them, he would break, bend them often.  They always fixed them quickly without a comment!  Dr.  Ross is great too!  Highly recommend.
