5	Nice clean relaxing nail salon....tired of the hustle busy sloppy work from the salon across the street.  Roxy did a beautiful job on my fill, my nails loom so nice, not like paddles...if you get your nails done you know what I mean!  Better prices, too.
1	This place did not deserve a $1.00 nevermind the $75 they charged for 2 mani/pedis! They barely rub your feet, legs. They cut me and my husband many times while doing a manicure. They are NOT friendly at all! The woman next to my husband had her cell phone and items on the little table and the nail tech knocked into them knocking them to the floor and the nail tech laughed and didn't even say sorry. The woman was really upset as I would have been, At the end I decided to tip but not even close to what we normally would tip of course. The nail tech had the nerve to count the money in front of us and then look at us with a dirty look. REALLY???? You are lucky you got ANYTHING! AWFUL & A WASTE OF MONEY!!!
5	I absolutely loved this nail salon. I took my Grandma here while she was visiting over the holidays and we both had a great experience. The male and female that did our pedi's were super friendly and gentle. The salon itself was very clean and bright and the chairs were amazing. My lady (I wish I could remember her name) did an adorable design on my toes of little snowflakes. It was perfect. My Grandma had nothing but good things to say as well. This is def my new fave spot, can't wait to go again soon.
4	Came in for a simple pedicure at 6pm. The place is clean and staff were friendly. Ben got me a bottled water before he did my $20 pedicure. He made friendly small talk and almost put me to sleep with his amazing foot massage. I will definitely be back. (only reason its not 5 stars is because it was my 1st time here so I could have lucked up). They still have earned my business until further notice. Thanks Ben.
1	I've gone to this salon several times an usually only as my second or third choice. This past visit will definitely be the last. I made an appointment for the first available (once they opened) for a mani/pedi for myself and two pedis for my sisters. We walk in for our appointment and there are only two people working and they already had 4 people in the chairs doing pedis. Then they state that they only had us marked down for the mani/pedi and didn't have the pedis marked for an appointment. Regardless, I made the first appointment of the day, we show up 5 minutes early, but they are already working on four other people. What's the point of even making an appointment if they won't honor it and hold your spot. Then the technician that did my nails was extremely opinionated and would constantly insult and talk me out of what I wanted. I went in to get my nails done for my wedding and had a wry specific idea in mind. However, did not leave with what I wanted. Very disappointed. Plus, both my sisters pedis were done poorly and are already peeling, not even 12 hours later.
1	Over priced and my nail polish is already peeling 1 day later. My pedicure lasted 5 min barely got my heels scrubbed and no leg or foot massage and it was 22.00 when it was advertised for 19.00. Very sloppy and the nail techs just talk to each other or watch tv the entire time. Will NEVER go here again and don't recommend you waste your money here either.
4	Kim did a great job!  I found my new nail salon in Arizona.  She was very polite and told me about some things in the area since I was new here.  Thanks Kim!
5	Excellent customer service. Very clean & professional. Provided an excellent gel manicure taking the time to tip the end of the nail with the gel polish. I would definitely recommend and come back again when in town.
