2	Wow, this show is truly bad.  I don't know about everyone else, but I think the whole Coyote Ugly thing is played out.  Let me sum up this show...a bunch of sexy half naked men and women on two different ships trying to battle. The men by firing cannons, and the women by talking and dancing sexy to really crappy music that must've come from a strip club.  I haven't seen the old show, but I heard it was MUCH MUCH better with actual swash buckling and etc. I must say I felt sorry for all the parents who were there with their children and quickly left after seeing the garbage that is Sirens of TI.  My group of 16 people (half girls and guys) all agreed this show was a complete waste of time. I give some credit that the show is free, and has some cool pyrotechnics. But believe me it really isn't worth seeing and dealing with crowd after the show is done.   I did hear this in the crowd though by a group of douche like guys... "Dude..those girls were so hot, that was such a cool show". If you want to see some free softcore TNA then I guess watch this. I understand Vegas is going back to it's Sin City roots, but this show really was crap. If you want free entertainment, watch the Volcanic Eruption at the Mirage, or the Bellagio Fountains, much much better IMO. and if you really want TNA, you're in Vegas, spend some money and go to a strip club.~G
3	It's a cheesy free Las Vegas show, with scantily clad women and wet shirtless pirates. The pyrotechnics are pretty good...and they really do sink a pirate ship right on Las Vegas Boulevard, so that was pretty impressive.  If you do decide to go, get to Siren's Cove early so that you get a good spot.  You have to stand throughtout the 20 minute performance, but plan on getting there 30 minutes early...that makes almost an hour of standing, so be prepared for that.
3	Show: Its Pussy Cat Dolls meets Pirates of the caribbean! Well sort of...Unfortunately I watched this show from my hotel room, haha. From my view there were alot of cool special effects, dancing and singing. The second night my dad and I attempted to get a good view outside near the ship but there were SO MANY people. We couldn't even get onto the Vip section for Treasure Island guests. If you don't get there early for a good view, forget it.Location: Located right in front of Treasure Island, you can't miss it.Price: FREE!
3	The other reviewer's comment, "Pussy Cat Dolls meets Pirates of the Caribbean" is an apt description of this cheesy, but fun show.  I had a 12-year old boy with me and wished I had known beforehand about the T&A aspect of the show, but I'm thinking (hoping) that he was too distracted by the music, fireworks, loud cannon noises and spectacular fire balls (HOT if you're standing close enough!)  to notice the half-dressed, gyrating women.  The show is free and Very Vegas- what can you say?
2	Wow this show is SUPER cheesy. I mean I'm standing there squished like a sardine between random people and I'm looking around like what the hell am I doing???? So the show starts. I must say that the special effects are spectacular but everything else...pass pass PASS. The cheesy lip syncing, super suggestive dialog and scantily clad women??? I thought this was a family show. I mean it's right out in the open. But I digress...I mean it is a free show. Who am I to complain about something free??? Seriously though....it really sucks.
2	I will give it 2 stars for the following reasons.1) FREE.2) Time killer while you sip down a few drinks at the nearby bar.3) If you bring kids to Vegas (and that should be a sin) at least you give them 15 minutes of Disney Land type entertainment.
1	This show is AWFUL. It used to be a great, entertaining show with fighting pirates as they swung on rope in the air, a great family event. Not so much for kids anymore.We hyped up this show and brought our first time Vegas visiting friend to see it and were shocked at what this show's become.It's now a bunch of wannabe Pussycat Doll girls dancing to cheesy songs. Why did they change it?! Sad.
1	This show is gawd awful!!!  Good thing it is free.  And it is not for kids.  But all of these famdamilies are all lined up with their strollers and shit to see a bump and grind hoochie-fest.  I guess it's so dad can get his boner for the night.So, unless you are a desperate dad (wifey stopped fucking you once the kids came on the scene) and need some "inspiration" to whack off in the shower while everyone else is sleeping, don't bother with this waste of space.
1	Just about the biggest piece of crap, waste of time activity spent whilst in Vegas.  I know it's free, but if I happen to walk past while it's playing, I'll just keep on walking!  Sad, really.  I wonder what the "performers" are thinking during the show?Bring back the Pirates!
2	We were staying at TI, so we thought we might get a drink and see this short show (with priority standing room).Maybe it was just my sense of humor, but I thought it was so bad that it was funny. Especially because the dialogue was written to be "titillating" - and that's what you'll get. Tits. Please don't bring your family to this. Yeah, the moving ships and cannons were fun, but you don't want to expose your kids to this. Maybe you should just stop and look at it quickly from the sidewalk and move on.It is worth saying that they have a man playing a parrot, in a ridiculous parrot-man costume. What's even more ridiculous: the sirens are grinding on him.I really wish that they would stop playing that "we're the sirens of TI (screeching harpy music)" every time you leave TI.
3	Dads, pull some of those penny slot winnings out of your fanny pack, spring for a hotel babysitter and take the wife on over to the OG.  You'll get a better show and you won't be exposing the kiddies to yet another thing in Vegas they shouldn't see.The rest of you, lighten up!  Yes, it's cheesy.  Yes, the pirates were better.  But it's fun!And for the old guy behind me, I hope your camera had a long lens, because the alternative is just EWWWWWWWWWW.
1	Yikes.Well, there goes an hour we'll never get back.If it wasn't free, bf and I would've raised hell. It was free, and we still complained about it for hours afterward, and we still do, months after.
1	Everyone is right. This show is awful. I know that if you're doing the tourist thing in Vegas, you're probably going to stop and watch this, because it's human nature to see explosions and hear music and to stop and wonder what's going on. If you get stuck in the jam-packed crowd, you'll wish you had just kept walking.I believe my exact words to my husband were, "What the fuck? This is like Hustler meets Disneyland." It was SO cheesy and bad. I spent most of the time wondering if the performers were embarrassed.The fountains at the Bellagio are more entertaining than this.
4	OK, fine, I'll say it. The Sirens show is A-OK in my book.Come on, you're never going to hear, "And the Tony award for Best Book of a Musical goes to the Sirens of TI" or read in the NY Times, "The Sirens of TI breaks new ground in musical theatre and redefines the genre for posterity." And that's not really the point, is it?The show is fun, mostly because of the girls and the special effects, and the awful dialogue can easily be overlooked.The only gripe I have is that they ought to change up the show a little...according to YouTube, it seems to be exactly the same every time. They should consider that most of their target audience (people in their 20s WITHOUT kids) are repeat Strip visitors - and given the aforementioned crappy dialogue, it wouldn't be that hard to do some rewrites, assuming the "actresses" can handle that.
1	Other than the Girls being hot, this show was horrible! After a minute of standing there listening to their voices I thought I actually WAS hearing Sirens. Not worth to wait or watch.
4	There are no complaints here.  Sure it is a little cheesy, but it's FREE.  I hate when people complain about free stuff.  No one is forcing you to watch it.  Plus, it is really cool to watch from the patio of Social House.
1	In all my trips to Las Vegas, I have never been able to see this show in it's entirety. They won't think twice about canceling this show for any reason, but the main reason is due to "high winds". I have seen this show canceled enough to know that that "high winds" means "any wind" and don't expect them to tell you that until showtime. Did I mention that you need to arrive at least 30 minutes prior to showtime or else you will not get a decent view. Most likely that time will be wasted if you have had the experiences I have had.I have come close to seeing this show one time out of probably a dozen. I say 'come close', because they actually canceled the show about 5 minutes into it due to "technical difficulties."I hate to give this such a low review, but it must not be that great if they have no issues canceling it night after night.I'm not sure how long this show will still be around now since TI is no longer owned by MGM Mirage.
3	2 stars?  that's underrating this show.. I'd have to say that it was worth the wait in the wind at night in front of TI... the show is not top quality but it was a free show... it's amusing and the pyrotech is great.
1	::Yawn::Bring back the pirates, the Sirens suck.  Treasure Island tried to go hip and edgy and just ends up like Jim Carey in Dumb and Dumber."Hey, wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world?  AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"  That is what this is.
1	YOU WILL BE CRUSHED.Now that that's out of the way ... get there early. Ye gods, the crowd was insane. For it being free, I guess I can't rag on it too much but it was pretty over the top in its gaudiness and cheese factor. Scantily clad Captain Sparrow wannabes and "wenches" litter the two pirate ships performing badly lip-synched (awful) songs and sad attempts at acting. The ear-splitting musical choice was horrid and the dance numbers looked straight out of a Pussycat Dolls MV - not a good sign.But there were explosions, diving, fire and water spray so that might be enough to draw in the poor folks. I could definitely do without.
1	This is something I will definitely pass on next time around.  I do not know whether it was the 109 degree temperature or the throngs of people but it made it is something that not worth wasting your time on.
1	This is like eavesdropping on a soft porn film shoot.  and not in a good way.  I'd say the only redeeming thing is that it's free, but so would be watching a drunk vomit on the street.  They are about equal in aesthetic merit.  If you wish to be packed into a sweating mass of tourists and forced to witness brain-meltingly bad choreography, "singing" and "acting" while being subjected to witless double-entendres, then this is your show!! I felt dirty and shamed after this, like a puppy who pooped on the couch.
1	Don't waste your time waiting for or watching this "show." It's a bunch of scantily clad women on one ship fighting guys on another ship. The way the women fight is by singing. At least the men shoot canyons as their way to fight. The men's ship sinks during the show but TI can't even wait until the end of the show to bring it back up. If you still want to watch it, get there at least 20 minutes before to get a good spot.
1	Cheesy, yes.  I can accept cheesy when it's fun cheesy.  This was just stinky cheesy.  Not even "this was so bad you have to see it" bad.  Just plain bad.  It seems like it doesn't fit in....TI is trying to get the 20-30ish crowd but it's not risque or entertaining enough for them and is too boring and sleazy for kids.  They're kind of stuck in strip purgatory.  Also, it gets crowded way too quickly with douchebags and parents looking to park their kids while they toss a few back.  Really, a story about a bunch of stripper pirates (that don't strip) that sing terrible songs and are attacked by man pirates that blow up their closets?  I love the hotel, but since this review is for just this show, I've got to go with 1 star... unless they can create a half-star category.
4	Hey it was enjoyable and it was free. Nice little entertainment, the women were hot, I had to really fight the crowd but I got a really nice spot to see the action, the rest of my group not so great positioning.  I look forward to seeing this again on my next trip to las vegas.  Treasure Island casino was fun too overall.-Editors note- On my most recent trip to Vegas in 2011, only 1 night I ACTUALLY passed by the Treasure Island only when this was playing. it was horrible actually seeing this again. I only lasted for a few mins, not the whole 20 mins. I headed on the Wynn casino like I originally planned.
1	TERRIBLE AWFUL LAME.I remember seeing this show 10 years ago and loving it... as cheesy as fake pirate play is. Over the Halloween weekend we had cocktails on the patio overlooking the boat.. so we decided to stay and catch the show. What a waste of time. The only thing Piratey about it was the ship. Why is Vegas all about girls in lingerie now? Wasnt this supposed to be a kids show? Now we have 15 girls in panties shaking it on a boat to god awful music and terrible dialouge. How embarrassing for all the parents who took their kids to see this only to be covering eyes the whole time. Stupid stupid stupid waste of time... get back to your pirate roots, TI !!!
5	Yo ho ho!  After a mother with young children told us this was not a children's show, we eagerly anticipated the next sinking of the pirate ship.  They sink it and haul it back out of the water four times a night.  I felt it was a great show, for free.  Nice dance review, really.  Interesting innuendo in the dialogue, and I don't think those children understood it, Mom.  Awesome heat blast when they blow up the town.
1	Awful awful awful awful awful.Yes, the Sirens show at Treasure Island is free, but not worth seeing - especially not in the cold. It's amusing to watch the one ship "sink", and the pyrotechnics do warm you from afar, but it's still not worth it.Might be better with a few dozen drinks in you, however.
1	It's pretty boring...And they have technical difficulties all the time.If you do watch it though, watching from across the street is pretty good, because you can take it all in at once. Just use a camera with good zoom if you're filming. ;)
1	Bottom line:  Its boring, its crowded, it is bad! We go to Vegas a couple times of year and had always missed the TI show - so after we saw Love! over at the Mirage we made it a point to stick around and see it. It was a horrible, terrible waste of time. They cram the side walks with people an then the show begins and it is BAD. The dialogue was aimed at 6 year olds, but with lots of sexual innuendo - weird! I can't express how hot, crushing, dumb and blah this show is. Skip it - seriously. If you must go on YouTube and watch a tourist video of it and you will see what you are NOT missing! Free or not your time can be spent on something much better!
1	Bleh. This was one of the worst experiences I've ever had in Vegas. It was August so it was already hotter than hell in the middle of the night. The crowd started congrating about 30-45 minutes before the "show" and before you know you're surrounded by what seems to be a couple thousand people. Hopefully you're not claustrophobic because if you are this crowd will bring it out of you and you should skip the show. Granted, you should skip it anyway. The "acting" was horrible. The script/show made no sense and the singing was just an atrocity. I know the show is free, but it's still not worth your time.
3	Oh, it wasn't *THAT* bad!It's a FREE Show on the side of the strip.  I'm not expecting Broadway here, or even Vegas Showgirls!  (Let's face it:  If they could cut it in a 'Real' show, they wouldn't be peddlin' their goods on the street, ya know?)It's a pre-recorded Musical-Pirates vs. Sirens show with simplistic lyrics, water, and lots of cleavage.  There is also lots of hip-thrusting, and lots of the generic Bend-And-Flip-Hair-Over-Arched-Back move.  (One guess where lots of them got their "Dance Training") Yeah, the "Story" is cheesey.  The lip-syncing to pre-recorded Music and Dialogue is annoying.  But there's FIRE!   FIRE = COOL!   And some cool aerial moves, too.  The Pyrotechnics are worth the 10-15 minute diversion.Plus, you know... IT'S FREE.  Lighten Up, People.
3	first off, its a FREE show. FREE! I saw this at night, and it was hella crowded, i guess all the people who lost their money at the buffet or casinos ended up here. It was entertaining to say the least. Pirate girls dressed in skimpy outfits, parading around, cmon! then the guys in he other boat float towards them, they have a few special effects, cannons shoot off, fire, flames, and fireworks. There are fireworks at the end.The songs well, yeah i'm not into singing or musicals, but whatever. it was free and entertained me for a bit. They jumped into the cold water in January so i had to give that to them. Remember fireworks at the end. take a few pictures and be amused. its one of the few free things in vegas you can do and keep your shirt on.
2	Tacky. I guess that's appropriate considering it's Vegas. Also, the girls/guys are very attractive. Still, it's tacky. And I even had a few drinks in me to make the experience that much more interesting. Even so, it's tacky.I do, however, agree that this is a must-see-once thing.(I remember it being a lot more entertaining when I first watched it at the age of 12.)
3	WOW. I can't believe there are so many haters.  When you are in Vegas, there are few things that are actually free.  If you're broke and still looking for stuff to do you gotta check this out.  The plot is pretty lame and cheesy but there are boobs and fire.  YAY! It's not a MUST see, but if you wanna do vegas after going broke. Here's another FREEBIE.
1	Crowded. Cheesy. But it's free.Wow, so you really get what you pay for. This show is free and you shouldn't expect much. The viewing area gets really crowded and when it's your typical sweltering day in Vegas, this viewing area can be the worst place to be. The show is really bad. I miss the old show that used to be in this same lagoon, it actually made sense. Oh well, can't dwell on the past. Good: It's free.Bad: Terrible show and packed viewing area.Final: If you happened to walk by it and it's not crowded, stop and watch it so you can experience how bad it is.
4	I thought this show was as captivating as could be. I was walking through right as it started and I could not take my eyes off it. Other than the beautiful dances, the words and action were really cool. The combo was tough to beat especially for a free show!
3	HahahahahahahaOn a side note, I have PAID to see worse in Vegas.  How much are you going to expect from a free show right on the strip... not every hotel offers this perk.  Of the several times I have been to Vegas in the past 2 years alone, I'm glad I waited til now to see the show.  This is my first time staying at Treasure Island and one of the perks is flashing your key card to get access to the VIP Guest Viewing Area.  It's an elevated area and you have room to move and breathe.  however, it's not the ideal location to be in when the show let's out.  Expect it to take at least 5 minutes to get back to the hotel entrance.
1	Terrible. I am cranky we wasted our time to get here for the showtime, stand with a ton of other people with no personal space and watch this crap.  So it is basically a handful of women in sexy/skanky little outfits lip synching  to a prerecorded track.  The only cool part is the pirates ship sinking and all the fire involved.  Check out videos of it on youtube and save your time in Vegas for cooler stuff.
1	Went to TI to see 9:30 showing of Mystere....which was phenomenal...Thought we'd try to catch the Siren show since it was on our way out anyway...Thank goodness we didn't wait long for it.  We were crammed in like sardines and they blocked off the path where the actor crosses over, so we were trapped! Icing on the cake we were alongside a rude, inconsiderate nitwit that was smoking in a very crowded area, almost burning me, and a small little boy with her flagrant smoking. I swore to myself if she burned me I would karate chop her in the face-lol We watched about half of really bad lip syncing, badly choreographed dancing and cheesy dialogue before we bolted out of there!  I guess you can't really expect much since it is free, but I would NOT go out of your way to see this!  The Bellagio fountains are wayyyy better!
1	Awful.  Just awful.  I was in Vegas for business and one of the guys in our group was this funny Indian guy who really wanted to see the pirate show...so of course, we obliged.  Having seen clips of the pirate show  many years ago on the Travel Channel, I was not prepared at all for what we were going to see.  Who knew they had re-configured the show until it was nothing more than whiny, panting, hooker pirates?If you're traveling with kids (surprisingly, some people do this in Vegas...), this is definitely not the family-friendly show it once was.  In addition to being completely trashy, it's also crowded with drunk people and smokers.  Worse yet, you're trapped in the viewing area for quite a while, so there's definitely potential for bathroom incidents and no way to get to a facility (whether you're a kid OR one of the drunk adults...)This show is not even worth the time it takes to get in and out of the viewing area.  Save yourself while you still can
3	Ok.. it's free? You don't have to complain so much. Minus 1 star for all the million of people standing in front of the short Asian girl. Another minus star for stinky people! This show is ok for being free and somewhat funny. Next time, I'm going to eat at the restaurant right there and just sit outside to watch the show and laugh at people who struggle to watch the show.
1	The Pirate show was the best growing up. Treasure Island used to be awesome.Then Treasure Island decided to become a rip-off of the Palms. And then make the pirate show a rip off of the Pussycat Dolls. It's terrible. The acting and dialogue make you think you're watching Jersey Shore instead of......you know, Pirates fighting with Sirens? The song is incredibly dumb. And the saddest thing of all is that this totally could have worked. Sirens are definitely some of the most fascinating mythological creatures out there. Just because they're always naked according to the myths does not mean you have to make the show akin to a strip club. I'm having trouble understanding why this show is still around to begin with. Isn't it general consensus that it sucks?
1	I was looking forward to seeing this show. From our hotel room at the Wynn we could see fireballs and fireworks and thought it would be cool. It was a waste of time and effort to go see. Hella Cheezy! My husband said he saw it several years ago when he was last in Vegas and that it was totally different, with fighting pirateships. Now it is just a bunch of horrible acting and girls shaking their asses to a bad plot. Too bad.
4	Me and wifey came to watch this little free show from the wenches I mean sirens of TI. Overall not bad for a free show. Crowd control sucked bc ppl were moving everywhere during the show. 4 stars bc dancers were going through the motions. Warning don't stand at the very front the fire coming out will cinch ur eyebrows and hair and give u a snookie tan.
1	Total. Cheese. Crappy music, worse lip-sinking and dancing. 30 Minutes of my life I'll never get back.
3	This was pretty good. What do you expect for a free show? There were a lot of people watching the show. What I like about it was the firework in the end that shot up along the front of the hotel which I thought was cool. Here's a question I have to ask. Last year I was at Vegas (2009 and also in 2005) and I don't remember a bridge that crossed into the Casino floor. There were construction work last year maybe that's why I don't remember it there. Any comments on this? The staff there said it was always there. Thanks
1	yes its free- thats the only best part about it. so- just when i was younger, i was expecting this show to be really good. but i guess since 10 years flew by, they obviously had to change up the story line so it wouldnt be dull. but i guess this time they failed at that. THIS IS NOT A STORY FOR KIDS. KIDS SHOULD KEEP THEIR EYES AND EARS SHUT! this was such a lame show- and i'm glad it was free because i would be so sad that i wasted money on this. i'm also so sad that i wasted my whole 10-15 minutes just standing in the crowd to watch this. save yourself some time, and don't watch it.
3	For the bad, it's a 1 star. But also for the bad, it's a 5 star. So I'm splitting the difference and going with 3 stars.The Sirens of TI is like the ugly Christmas sweater. It's ugly and awful. But it's also fun and the theme of hip holiday parties. The Sirens of TI is so bad, it's kinda awesome.If you go into this free show expecting something amazing, you will be disappointed. But if you approach this show like an ugly Christmas sweater holiday party - if you relish in the badness of it - you will have a good time and understand its awesomeness. If you go with the right mindset, you just might laugh so hard that tears stream down your face.For best viewing, catch an early show. Prior to the club officially opening for the night, the patio area of Christian Audigier is open - and there is no cover. Access it from the outside. It's a perfect view as you are sitting right alongside one of the pirate ships. And you can sit and have a drink, as opposed to stand in the crowd and get shoved by small children who should not be allowed to view this show.
3	Looking back now as I wite this review I'm not too sure what this show was about all I know is it was free and entertaining while it lasted. Granted we did have to stand in line 3 seperate days (heads up: when it rains the show gets cancelled, even the posibility of rain shuts the show down) to get good standing views. On average the show lasts about 10 mins if I'm not mistaken (don't quote me on that max could have been 15 min). The best viewing areas are quarened off and kept for paying Treasure Island patrons. Overall the show was exciting and fun, definetly action pacted and geared towards familys. The show is similar if not identical to whats shown in Miss Congeniality 2. I do remember the ship sinking and pirates jumping off the boat into the water. A great free entertaining thing to do while in Vegas, just get there early, prepare to stand and hope for sunny weather.
1	This was the biggest waste of time ever. Not only was it crowded and cold, but for those (like myself) who wanted to leave the show early there was no way out.I came to treasure island as a kid and remember the show being pretty entertaining... however, things have definitely gone downhill for the sirens of ti. The singing and dancing (if you can even call it dancing) was laughable and the script was even worse. A day later... their main song is still stuck in my head... Anyways, even if you're staying at Treasure Island and are getting VIP seating (yeah, VIP my ass) do NOT come and watch this. I guarantee you will be permanently scarred for life.
3	Pretty entertaining for a free show, don't know of any other free shows on the strip that offered pirates, fireworks, a sinking ship, and hot dance girls all on the same stage. Sure you have to stand and its an overcrowded attraction, but it's not for kids to begin with so guys and gals lineup for some ultra-cheese and just enjoy the show. I do suggest you show up about  40 minutes prior to the show to stand next to the Sirens pirate ship if you want to see the action, else you'll just be complaining like the rest of the people here.
3	I am really surprised at the bad reviews for this. I've been to paid shows in Vegas that were worse, not to say that it's terrible. Just because Vegas got family friendly and this is called Treasure Island, don't expect it to be for the kids. As a matter of fact my parents didn't take me to Vegas when I was a kid, that's what Disneyland is for. This is still Vegas and what is expected is simple: hot girls in skimpy outfits. This show is fun enough to watch, singing, dancing, and fireworks including. It lasts only about 15 minutes and though i would not go out of my way to see it, I think if time permits it's worth seeing.
2	If I could jump into my Delorean, turn on my flux capacitor and set the year to 1998 so I could go back into the future, I would. As a kid growing up and visiting Vegas multiple times per year, I grew fond of the old pirate show that they outside the Treasure Island. Fast forward to 2011 and it's been replaced by the Sirens of TI.Now exactly what is that? It's a show filled with song and dance with scantily clad girls shaking what their momma gave them on top of the ships that the pirates USED to do battle on.The soundtrack is terrible, the script is horrible, they don't have any sleek dance moves and the most entertaining part of the show is when the pirate ship sinks into the lagoon. It sank into the lagoon in the old show too. Thanks to well placed cannon shots from the British vessel it was fighting.The shows only saving grace came from admiring the six pack on one of the dancers. Yeah, one. The rest of the girls were not that attractive.Oh how I wish I knew exactly how to generate 1.21 jigawatts.
2	It's like that movie "Showgirls" meets the worst 90's female pop group video ever.  I'm not going to completely knock it though.  The pyro is fun.  Especially if you're watching it from the Lavo patio.  And the guys ship sinking is cheap entertainment.Certainly not worth waiting for in the middle of the summer when its totally packed.  I would rather be anywhere else.  One word:  REVAMP
2	Meh. It was Okay... It was free, and killed some time, but good god, it was crowded beyond belief. It feels like going black friday shopping or something... Theres just so many people, i was starting to get claustrophobic so we had to get out of there. fighting through that crowd wasn't worth it. But the show itself was alright, it was just 2 ships, women in lingeries in one ship, and men in the other ship, and bla bla bla, they're fighting, then one ship sinks, End of story... doesnt sound too entertaining, does it? Yeah, trust me, its not... but for free, Cant argue.
3	Super cheesy, but it's free.  Couldn't believe how many people were watching.  If this hadn't been at our hotel, there's no way we would have attended.
3	Hahah.  Its a free show in a very expensive town guys!Get there early, but then you also kind of waste time right? It's kind of silly.  Ok, quite silly.  It is basically like a scantily-dressed girl band dressed up as sirens.  I prefer the Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Disney World to this. This is NOT for children.I wouldn't go see it again, but it was a good one time laugh.
4	Very good show, it has alot of adult humor in it that most kids wont understand. Very good though.
4	When I heard that Treasure Island had a free show on the boats with pirates, it was completely not what I had expected. This show was pretty awesome with all the actors putting on a spectacular show and being comical at the same time. I would rate it at 10!
4	I've heard that the Sirens show doesn't compare to the old pirate show they had before, but having nothing else to compare it to, it was one of my favorite free shows on the strip. Not for kids, although seriously who brings their kids to Vegas anyways, the city of sin, strippers, gambling and all kinds of vice? The show is fun and cheesy. Its very Vegas with scantily clad "Sirens" on one pirate ship dance and sing to the pirates on the opposing ship luring them into a fun battle scene complete with pyrotechnics. Get there early and get a good spot because it gets crowded quick (the bar in front of TI has comfy couches to sit and watch the show VIP style free of the crowds).
1	This was really disappointing. Ive lived here for almost 2 years and everytime we were on teh strip we'd rmeember we'd never seen the Sirens. Everytime we came close they cancelled the show due to wind. I figured the same would happen this past memorial day wknd. I was wrong. We were leaving TI about to walk our way bk to the car parked @ tROP. . yea good walk - - we run into the Sirens hitting the "stage"This was the biggest waste of time. its a few girls and guys in 2 different ships waving their arms all about. . cheesy script, cheesy songs, just all around bad. OMG I wanted to leave but since I'd waited so long I decided to stick it out. . wow. is all . i . can. say. just badTHis is not for kids. and like I've said before. Why would you bring your kids to LV anywy? they arent allowed in casinos -excetp for Circus circus and that's only certain parts. If you're taking a family vacay why not take them somehwere they can actually have fun. LV is not kid friendly, you know that before you get here. . Why put them thru that? Take them to disney, or a zoo - something they too can enjoy and save the LV trips for a couple's getaway.
1	It is free but it sucks. Went on Memorial Day weekend with my girlfriend and I was hopeful to see the pirate show like when I was a little kid. What I saw was literally Girls Vs. Guys in gendered boats. I thought I was going to see a pirate battle but what I saw was poor acting, lip synching, cheesy porno, wardrobe malfunctions and less fireworks. I wonder what wise executive had the idea to change the original pirate battle??? This show sucks. With further research I realized that the pirate show was removed and replaced with this garbage. Bring the pirates battles back!!
2	Man was I dissapointed in this show. I thought I was going to see some awesome pirates battling each other, but all I saw were some skanky girls with no acting ability. When did Treasure Island change this? I know Vegas is now mostly a party destination for the young crowd, but heck even us young folks want to see some pirate action!The effects of the ship coming out of the water was pretty sweet though. and I mean..the girls were kinda hot..
2	would you like some wine with this cheeeeze!!!!!  i suppose the kiddos would love watching a free, pseudo pirate show, but why would you bring kids to sin city to begin with?!?!it's so kitschy and vegas strip cliche you have to check it out just for pure novelty's sake...
2	I heard someone describe it as "Pussycat Dolls meet Pirates of the Caribbean"...that's pretty dang accurate.We missed the show several time on two trips due to rain and wind cancellations. After seeing it, I now know we didn't miss much.But hey...it's free, so there is that. if you are close at show time, watch it, but certainly, don't make a special trip to see it.
1	Oh, this was one of the worst things I've seen on the Strip to date.  As with others, I've missed the show on previous Vegas trips because of high winds.The show basically consists of very weak acting, a cheesy, pathetic script, and a laughable soundtrack.  Scantily-clad women on one side, men ("pirates", fully-clothed for the most part) on the other, "singing" to each other for some reason I wasn't interested enough to discover.  Unless your children have already been corrupted (why else would you bring them to Vegas?), don't bother bringing them to see this show.  Better yet, skip it altogether - go watch the Fountains at the Bellagio or the Volcano at the Mirage.
2	The show was just plain cheesy.  I don't know what I expected but that wasn't it.
4	Is it great acting? No!Is it great dialogue? No!Is it great Choreography? No!Is it historically accurate? No!Is it Cheesy? Hell yes!Is it free?  It sure is. Remember folks, you get what you pay for. It was horribly acted, the script was terrible, and the acting and dancing were okay at best. Even with all of that, for a free show, it was entertaining. I'm not sure I laughed more at the acting/script or the "jokes". Everything about the show was just funny. I guess if you are expecting to see a high adventure stage play, yea you would be disappointed. If you paid $20 to see this, you would be disappointed. We, just walking down the strip stumbling into this show while catching a drink, it was entertaining. I'd see it again... especially since it's free.
1	Absolutely the worst show in Vegas. People say that it should be excused because it is free. Umm... no. It was complete crap. And it is costly. No, maybe it doesn't cost money to see it. But anybody familiar with basic economics understands that there is an opportunity cost to everything. Because we watched this show, we spent our twenty minutes there, forcing us to lose the time that could be spent doing anything else... anything else that would've been an improvement. The pirate show used to be great entertainment. I took my wife here, promising a great show. This was more a show for a cheesy strip club than for open-air theatre. The acting was crappy, though even that was hard to tell because the sound system was really bad. I don't remember that being a problem before, maybe because there was less commentary. I mean, c'mon... a simple pirate show. That's all I'm asking for.
3	Fun, cheesy and free. Not bad. Don't set yourself up just enjoy the entertainment.
1	We came to watch Sirens prior to watching Mystere. Crowds started to accumulate at 8p for the 830p show on a Sun night.Pick a spot in the middle since there are 2 ships that take part in the show. Sirens on the left; pirates on the right.The show was lame - storyline, acting, everything... Ok so it was free - prob the only part that was good about it. Def not family friendly. If you haven't seen it then go to kill your curiosity; otherwise, your best alternative is to catch the Fountains of Bellagio.
1	LAME-- Was really looking forward to this show with Halloween coming up and all... kinda disappointing.Not even one ARRRRR or Ahoy, matey! You totally get what you pay for...
1	Like many other reviewers have claimed. Yes! This show is an extreme waste of time. I'm surprised its still going strong. I remember this show as a kid. It was more action less useless dialogue. I guess it's going for a more sex appeal type of show. Except theres really no appeal. Not even for kids.I suppose its somewhat of a tourist trap. Just to get you thru their doors at TI. The hotel itself is bad enough. The show only proves it from the outside. But yes the show is free. And yes, it's a good show if you need to kill time. But honestly your better off jumping into the dirty muddy water they perform this show on. Then watching the first minute or so. Remember folks you get what you pay for. In this instance absolutely nothing.
3	It's a free show, what do you expect?!?!?  The show lasts a lot longer than the volcano down the block at The Mirage.  Usually it gets very crowded during showtime so you have to get there especially early.  Yes, it's cheesy but good looking women in sexy outfits doing some dance moves is all that is necessary to make this a 3-star act.  Storyline and acting not very appropriate for the younger kids (no surprise).
1	OK, before I even go into it, I have to first say - I absolutely ADORE kitch and cult.  I love crappy Sy-Fy movies.  I love Troma.  I find chewing the scenery hilarious.  And William Shatner is one of my favorite actors of all time.This show?  SO BAD THAT EVEN I CAN'T LOVE IT OR FIND ANY REDEEMING VALUE IN IT.It's actually so embarassing that I think I sobered up from watching this.  And I also felt horribly bad for the actors/actresses.  To the point where I wanted to mentor them and offer some career counciling.  Yes...just that bad.
2	I'm going to have to agree with all of the negative reviews- the show was pretty bad and not worth standing among the sea of people for 15 mintues! We got to the show just in time for the beginning and I felt truly bad for people that lined up before then (although a ton of people left after the first 5 minutes of it).  Not the most family friendly show either. Perhaps the only redeeming factors were the small fireworks and the fact that it was free :)
2	You can't complain about a free show. This past weekend, however, I didn't notice a show going on at all. Instead, I noticed some guys on the ship making some paint repairs. That's not what I was lookin' for. I love the fireworks and things but NOPE. I've seen the show plenty of times with friends and family but in the summer, it's far too hot to stand out there. In the winter it's way too cold. It's worth it every once in a while but really not more than once or twice a year will I stand out there and watch even a portion of the show. It's cheesy and what not but it's still a draw.
1	This show was soo much more exciting when it was just a pirate show. There is no plot to this anymore. Just half naked women. We got soo bored halfway thru that we just walked away.
1	This is like a mandatory train wreck ... you have to go because otherwise people will be like "Oh Em Gee How Could You Not" but at the same time once you're at it ... you're going "Oh Em Gee What Am I Still Doing Here."It is cute, in that weird kitschy awkward manner that hooters is cute.  There was enough cleavage and innuendo to make even the most drunk of parents (and there were plenty) realize their kids shouldn't be watching the show.I want to say it is a toss-up since I'm sure the show people work hard at it, but at the same time it almost felt like a farce and we were all being punked at the whole spectacle being called a "show."But hey ... it's free.  Go there early, get it done, and move on with the list of free things to do in Vegas.
1	As I am setting up my next business trip to Las Vegas I am thinking about some of the things I want to see on my free time. The free Pirate's Show at Treasure Island came to mind as I have seen it at least a dozen times. Honestly, I won't waste my time to see it again.Embarrassingly bad and cringe inducing. What they heck did they do to the Pirates show that we all used to love? It is just awful and non-watchable now.Hey, I am the first to admit I like free, cheesy, campy, kitschy stuff. That's why it pains me to hate on this show. Sure, the girl pirates look hot, but the guy pirates seem like effeminate douches now, the piped in music is lame that they lip sync to, and the crowds are always annoying. Even last year when I walked by as the show was going on I just did not even bother to look. It also gets too crowded, and you need to get there early to secure a good spot to view one of the multiple shows each night. Halfway through you wonder why you wasted your time when it could have been better spent seeing something else on the strip.It's just not worth it anymore. The older show with the pirates battling the British Empire ship was so much more fun. This is like watching the staff of a local Hooters try to act out Shakespeare - and failing miserably.At least the pyrotechnics are cool, and it's still fun to watch one of the ships sink, but whoever redesigned and rewrote this show should be walked off the plank.
3	Girls in Lingerie, explosions, pirates, one-liners, and more girls in lingerie!  What's not to love?It's a great show to experience at least once.  It's pretty cheesy but hey you're in Las Vegas.  No problem bringing the kids.....they will be amazed by the songs, dancing, and pyrotechnics.
1	There's A Reason It's Free...Because no one would pay to see this. It's bad. Really bad. The only "singing" was done in a studio years ago. They don't even try to pretend they aren't lip synching, only one of the girls even wears a headset, and none of the guys do. What's even worse is that they didn't get a good singer to do the backing track. The girl on the track isn't even a good singer, and auto tune wasn't even able to save her voice (you will be able to tell its auto tuned). And not only is the singing bad, the songs are bad too. About 1/3 of each of the songs is just them screaming (or lip synching to prerecorded screams).The "fighting" only last about thirty second between four characters. It isn't staged sword fighting, it's just a choreographed dance with sword props.The "acting" is better than the fighting and the singing, but only because it couldn't be any worse. And they don't even say their own lines, that's right, they even lip synch their spoken lines.The "plot" makes no sense, and the script is poorly written, no need to expand on that.And lastly, the "dancing". It's the one of the better things about the show, by process of elimination, because the acting, fighting, and singing are all worse. The choreographer did a bad job. The men don't even know how to dance, you're guaranteed to see half of them miss their marks, do a move backwards, or do something with their right hand while everyone else does it with their left. The women move about like their even a strip club, even when no music is playing. While one girl is reciting (oops, I mean lip synching) her lines, two or three of the others will be grinding on the stair banister or flipping their hair while leaning on a pole, I mean sail mast. Seriously, the dancing is like being at a strip club, except that at a strip club you at least get up close to the dancers. But hey, they don't want to train the dancers for more than a week.That just leaves hot bodies and special fx. The special fx are good, lot's of fire, and one of the ships sinks. The girls have nice bodies, but the show is clearly meant for men, because the men in the show look like chippendale rejects. Like I said, free for a reason. If you want a high production strip club, but don't want to shill out a few singles to get close to the dancers, then go see it. Bring your kids, but they won't be kids anymore when you leave!
1	As mentioned, it is free. So you get what you pay for. In other words, nothing for nothing. Words of warning though because people pack in to see this show, watch your wallets and purses. Easy for pickpockets to get at you.
2	The story of this free show is dumb, but it's free and fun to watch them sink the pirate ship, so I recommend watching the show anyway.
1	Pretty much what everyone else says, except it probably isn't even worth seeing once.  No entertainment or educational value whatsoever.  Avoid.
3	Nice show .  its free ,Hey at list they spend money on the show unlike belagio's dancing fountain show that prob takes 1 man to operate  :) It does get crowded and do watch your wallet when your there .
2	Yes, "Sirens of TI" is one of the free featured shows on the Las Vegas strip. But beware as the area fills up very quickly with huge crowds well before the show starts and you have literally no breathing space! Which means you have to watch your purses and wallets and anything else you have with you. Even when the show ends, you are practically "stuck" to each other as the crowd attempts to file out of the tight cramped space.
1	Prefer the old pirate show better! Pretty sure guys will enjoy hot girls dancing but that's the only good thing about it. We wanted to walk out by couldn't due the big crowd behind us. Don't even recommend this show to even watch once.
2	Can I really expect too much if it's a free show? Of course because I AM IN VEGAS!!!  However, this is a pretty bad one considering I walked all the way out here to see this.  Oh well...
1	This. Show. Blows. I wish we had read reviews beforehand, because we expected a lot more from Vegas - free or not. I could accept a kitschy, fun, tongue-in-cheek show. But this is a bunch of  horrible songs lip-synched over a static-y sound system, terrible choreography, and groan-inducing one-liners. A bunch of pretty girls in glittery costumes is not all it takes to have a show. How much would it actually take to hire someone to come up with a decent script to lip-synch?Also, the crowd is packed tight and shoves frequently, so, even if there were something to see, it's impossible to get a good view. If you want free entertainment, stroll the strip and watch the street performers. It's an infinitely better show.
3	Wow - what is with all the hate.So my recommendation is that if you have anything at all else to do, go do that, but if not, hey - the Siren's are still fun for free.Our kids loved the pirate show when we took them on our last trip, although they weren't there this time.  They watch the video we took of it all the time and still love it.  So much that their biggest request this trip was that we get a tape of the boy's ship this time (that side is much more boring - all the action is on the girl's ship).Ok, for the real review....it's okay.  The girls are dressed in outfits that are more covering than bikinis, but not much.  The boys are topless.  The soundtrack is played over the speakers and lip synced.  The dancing is fun, the girls and guys seem to have fun during the show.  The lyrics are cheesy and have double meanings.....Guys: "Ahoy there"....Girls: "Who you calling a "hoy".  But they are good for a laugh.  Goes right over the kids heads.I think the show is fine and fun for families, but if you are worried they may see a girl with a bikini on, then don't go - and I would question why you are in Vegas with them anyways if that is your fear.
2	Why do people bring their family to Las Vegas? IT IS NOT a family oriented vacation spot!Sirens of TI was littered with innuendos.  The show was alright.  Then again, it is vegas, land of loose women and newbs to get their kick off in their entertainment career, no?
1	If I could give this HORRENDOUS excuse for a show negative stars, I would.  Anyone involved in the concept, production, and marketing of this feces fest, should be fired and banned from EVER producing anything again.  Treasure island had a great opportunity to put on a great show, but instead, they puke out a cross between a really bad episode of Jersey Shore and an all new show "so you really can't dance and have ZERO talent, but that's ok because you're pretty and have nice muscles."This show killed my buzz and stole a piece of my soul.  It is nothing more than a vicious time vampire.  After witnessing this, I had to leave Vegas.
1	I do not remember this show being as horrible as it was from when I visited TI a few years ago.  Since when did it become overly cheesy, tacky, and just plain stupid???I was super excited to fight my way through the crowd to watch this show at TI...I wish I just stayed back at our hotel.  Lousy...just straight up lousy and a waste of time.  It was more like a really bad soft porn than a show.  A show at the front of the hotel should represent something great about the hotel.  For example, the elegance of the water show at the bellagio...the volcano at the mirage...beautiful!  And then there's treasure island...sleezy, not much effects, horrible pre-recorded singing, crappy acting.  Please, don't make everyone in your party suffer by coming to this show.
1	Had friends in town last weekend and decided to stay down town for a mini-staycation.  We all did the walk watching all the free shows down the boulevard....last destination was Treasure Island.  Can I just say OH MY GOD HOW EMBARASSING that I would subject my friends to this?!?!  Being that Im a Las Vegas native this show was the stupidest thing I have ever seen.  My ten year old daughter's class could put on a better show.  It was almost as bad as a stupid episode of Baywatch-boobs and people who cant act! LOL   I'm sorry to all the tourists that you are subjected to such ridiculousness.  This is not what Vegas is about now-a-days.
1	Horrible everything!!  No point in even listing all the bad parts of the show, because it was all bad. What happened to the original show that was so good?!
1	I remember first watching this show back in 1994 when was Vegas was kid friendly and Treasure Island had that Pirates of the Caribbean theme. Originally the show was a battle between the British and the Pirates over the island (Treasure Island) and so they would battle back and forth shooting cannons having a mock battle but as always the Pirates of Bucaneer Bay win. In the end of the show, one of the pirates would shout to the audience, "Come inside to Treasure Island...........       and I forgot the rest of the line....   =\    But anyways, the old show had a better storyline, great acting and good comedy. Fast forward 18 years and the show has completely changed and now the show has been revamped to make it sexy and sleazy with a horrible story line.  The acting was horrible and the singing was just laughable!
5	This is a good and a a free show. Is it for kids not really but it's exciting and good. The best part it's free.
1	im speachless and not in a good way. i was so excited to be in vegas for the first time ever, and we parked in TI due to its location and ease of parking. so we decided to do the tourist free show night starting off at TI Sirens. i wish we had skipped this. Shirtless guys in just ripped shorts and girls in booty shorts and tiny bras and just danced around the ships with techno music would have been better then this lip stinking i mean syncing show.i hope that they change the shop, no lip syncing! and make it worth watching.
1	If you're into lots of sexual innuendos and cheesy dances and songs, then this is the show for you! If you have kids, I don't recommend bringing them here unless they're too young to remember anything. Other than that, it's a show with lots of sexy women and men without shirts, typical of the Las Vegas scene. Seeing it once is enough for me! The only cool thing about it was the blown up frog balloon on top of one of the restaurants.
2	This show is garbage . Hookers lip syncing on a pirate ship ! LOL don't bring the kids . BTW the original show British VS Pirates was great featuring real stuntmen and a story line . pass on this one , perhaps youtube up the original pirates show for your kids?
1	Awful. I'm embarrassed for the performers and TI who call this a show.
2	So when my family came into town they wanted to bring all the kiddos to see the Pirate show. I've been here 5 years and I've only seen and heard bits and pieces and never gone to see the whole show. Who writes these songs? They're so pop and cheesy.  The dialogue and trying to be sexy was kind of awkward. At the end the guy pirate and the Siren captain goes to the upstairs and they said they have some "business to do". I overheard a kid, "What kind of business? Where did they go?" Haha. I'm sure that parent was mortified. I remembered  the old pirate show and how awesome it was for me as a kid. It probably was bad acting and just as cheeseball, but it was you know, actual pirates.  I guess a majority of kids seemed happy with this in the same way...so points for pleasing kids and drunk leering men (and raging closet lesbians) alike?It is cheap entertainment that is FREE! I guess there is value in watching a wreck if you didn't put a dime on it? I just made fun of it the whole time with the BF, so there's that. I decided to relish in how bad it is if I'm going to be here and play tourist in all it's glory.I do not think it's worth planning your day around to go see this free show if you're across the strip, but if you're walking the strip and happen to be here at  showtime then decide if you have the 15 minutes to spare for it or not. Performance times :5:30 p.m. (fall/winter only)7:00 p.m.8:30 p.m.10:00 p.m.11:30 p.m. (spring/summer only) If someone else comes visits me and wants to go see it - you go have fun with that.  I will be at the mall. I think I'm glad I saw it and know that it is, but it has not repeat value for me.(Yelp 100 Challenge 35/100)
3	Eye candy galore so why the complaints? It's Las Vegas and the show is free. Don't complain about seeing half-naked women. Perhaps they should have a show for the more conservative types, you know who you are, featuring fully-clothed, chain-smoking seniors, riding around on their Hoverounds while choreographed to the tunes of Tony Bennett. But you can also see that for free, sans the tunes, on any casino floor along the strip.Yes the crowd is packed in tight and full of rude people like the group that took my last bit of breathing space. That problem was rectified when I said "Excuse me! I want to apologize in advance in case I vomit on your shoes. The sushi in the buffet ain't makin' it" No I wasn't sick, nor had I been to the buffet, but that cleared out enough space around me so I could take pictures of the sexy Sirens just like all the other pervs were doing, not that I am a perv.
2	Well, this used to be an on-strip outdoor attraction that featured pirates waging battle at the TI lagoon. Now the show features woefully untalented pirates booty (the sirens I guess) lip-synching to absolutely horrible music. The crowds get huge before the show, and it really is not worth the time.......especially, as they often do, cancel the show because of it being too windy. So do yourself a favor and blow by this attraction.
5	being a  single male in his 30s i love this show. this show is not for kids. there is alot of sexual references. my favorite free show in the city. the women are beautiful. the special effects and the jokes are awesome.
1	After gazing at the scantily clad actresses (and actors--for the ladies) for the duration of the show, the only thing I could say to my wife was "Wow, we can never unwatch that."This show is just awful. Horrible plot (or lack thereof), painfully annoying songs and minimal action. I wonder if originally the cast was more clothed, but then they realized nobody wanted to watch this garbage and decided to "skin it up."The drunks standing next to us were more entertaining than this disaster.I'm getting irritated just writing. "Free" is too much to pay to see this show. Give me back my twenty minutes!
5	All of the reasons why everyone here has given this show 1 star... are all of the reasons why this show is so fantastic.Folks. It's Vegas. The sleazier and cheesier, the more ridiculous and silly, the more offensive to the senses and bowel-shakingly barfworthy -- the BETTER! This is basically soft-core pirate porn. In person. For free. Grab yourself a $1 beer or three at Casino Royale, cross the street and enjoy the spectacle, both of the show itself and of all the future one-star Yelp reviewers grimacing in horror with their chubby kids perched dumbfounded on their shoulders.
4	A free show outside of Treasure Island Hotel & Casino. Shown nightly, weather pending, every 1.5hrs from 7-10pm(5:30 & 11:30pm seasonally). Show length is about 20min. I don't really think it's one to take the kids to see since there are half naked people running, dancing and swimming around. Includes some pyrotechnies and other special effects. A few song numbers. The show is basically about sirens luring a ship of pirates to them and the action that ensues from that. I thought it was a decently entertaining show to watch, and it's free to boot.
1	I had been to Vegas a few times and since we were staying at TI this time and always heard the booms and fireworks we decided to check it out. Immediately my friend and I looked at each other in awe and started laughing at how absolutely ridiculous this show is. It is awful dancing, awful music and awful lip syncing, while watching it I felt almost embarrassed for the people up there. I was really hoping for an awesome good ol' pirate show, and it turned out to be a wanna be sexy Vegas (I repeat a WANNA BE sexy) show. NOT appropriate for kids. The only saving grace for this show was the few pyrotechnics but even then I would say go to the Fountains at the Bellagio, which are classic and absolutely beautiful, and worth the time. Also, people stop saying we are complaining. This is a site were people REVIEW something. We are sharing what we thought of the show which is the whole reason for these sites. Yes it was a free show but one that I would never, ever waste my time on again. Treasure Island go back to the good old Pirate show! That is what I want to see.
1	Parents out there who think this is a "Pirate" show, be forewarned! This isn't that kind of show. Please don't bring your kids here. From the skimpy costumes, awful script, porn-like actors, and terrible special effects, this show is just horrible! It's free but definitely not worth your time. It's very crowded and because this is Vegas, you'll encounter so many drunk and rowdy people here.  If you're still interested, it's every 1.5 hrs starting at 7pm to 11pm.
5	I am there nearly every night for the 8:30pm show.  Everyone on our tours is impressed with the Sirens show.  Even more when weather does not allow a show to happen, the guests can take pictures with the Sirens and the Pirates. Our passengers like this.  One man with his little son asked the pirates to strike a pirate type of pose for a picture, and they gladly did.  I don't know them all by name accept Brett. But everyone of the guys and the beautiful girls put it all on the line for the enjoyment of the guests.  Thank you Sirens and Pirates..
1	1 star for it being free. Other than that it was a bad show. I'd say if your walking by check it out how bad Vegas can be. For an attraction that is designed to get people from the street to go into the casino, it made me not want to gamble at their casino.It's not the performers' fault, its the horrible script. I'd keep on walking to the Mirage where the Volcano show is better...
2	For the love of pete and moss don't waste your time standing around waiting for this burlesque type show. My husband said he and my son had watched it and wanted to take my dad over to see it. We got down there early to get up front, stood around talking, and had been there about 30 minutes and it was five minutes before show time and suddenly looking around you realize you are packed in like sardines with tons of people. They announce they may cancel the show due to high winds. But, no, they go about five minutes late. It is not even cheesy, it is just plain stupid. The girls are pretty the guys are nice looking, it is just really a sad attempt at something, I am not sure what, raunchy rumor? That doesn't bug me, I can roll with the best and some of it was funny, but it was hard to get past because for some reason, it was just so stupid in general. It is harsh, but if it saves you from running all the way down there, it is worth it. I would have never went back if I had saw it once. My dad liked it though, of course, girls barely dressed dancing on a stage with some special effects thrown in. That is why I threw an extra star at it, because some people do enjoy whatever that was.
1	I had never made it to this show in 10 years of trips to Vegas, now that I have I wish I had done something else. It is similar to a lame theme park show, maybe good for kids but not worth the time for an adult. If you happen to be walking by, sure stop and watch but don't make a special trip.
1	Worst show ever!  Do not waste your time.  Music is horrible and the dancing and singing are worse.
2	I used to go see this show as a kid and loved it... Many years later, I happened to be walking by as the show was on and saw a few minutes of it. Yeah, it's definitely changed! REALLY cheesy, and an awful script. The thing that disturbed me the most is how slutty the girls acted and were dressed. They looked like they were in a pirate porno. Not only that but from the few minutes I saw the show, the script sounded very sexist--and I'm not even particularly feminist. It made me mad. There were also HOARDS of people standing around watching, it made it really difficult to wiggle through and get by. The show is not at all worth dealing with the crowds... And it was sad to see parents had brought their kids to watch the girls dance around like strippers. Very disappointing as I think most parents will assume a pirate show will be good for their kids...I do NOT recommend this! I think they switched it up to appeal to the horny douche-bag drunks wandering around the strip instead.Forget the Sirens of Treasure Island show and go next door to see the volcano show outside the Mirage! Much better use of your time.
3	Wow....a lot of hate for the sleazy pirate women of Sirens, huh?I have NEVER in my dozens of times going to Vegas over the past 2 decades seen the T.I. pirate show so I have nothing to compare it to.. Apparently it was better a long time ago and was more "pirate" themed and less "porno" themed.. I recently saw it with my wife and 5 year old. I was a little disappointed because I never knew it was so skanky and always thought it was more of a pirate show, I guess like it used to be. Was it entertaining? I guess it was....who doesn't like half naked chicks jumping around? would I see it again Nah!!!...probably not. I understand it is Vegas and Vega is all about sex, skanks, sex, more skanks and more sex but Vegas is very kid-friendly too and with the success of Pirates Of The Carribean and that stuff, they really need to tone it down. I read someone suggested that they have a tamer one early in the evening and a raunchy one later in the night....I guess that would work but that would make more work for the folks at T.I. and that's not gonna happen.I'm curious but why the lip syncing? is it hard for these girls to memorize some lines while they dance? or is it like chewing bubble gun and walking...some people just can't do it.So I guess its fine to see it once but it wasn't anything like I thought it was gonna be.
4	The show was fine for kids. the innuendos went over their heads and mine wanted to go back for the 8:30 show. They loved the fire, dancing, ship sinking, diving, etc....why all the low reviews? It is a fifteen minute show and free.
2	I found this show so-so. I never saw the old version so I don't have anything to compare it to, but after seeing the current version once, I wouldn't want to watch it again. (I would much rather spend my time at the Bellagio Fountains.) The thing that really concerned me was trying to leave after the show ended. There was just a massive traffic jam creating a fire hazard along the street. I'd advise crossing the street a little before the show fully ends to avoid being trapped in the hold up.Performance times :5:30 p.m. (fall/winter only)7:00 p.m.8:30 p.m.10:00 p.m.11:30 p.m. (spring/summer only)
1	Do not waste your time waiting for this farce of a pirate show. Not a show for children either not that I think kids should be on the strip at night anyways. It was really just barely dressed burlesque dancers lip singing. I miss the old real pirate show.
1	I was disappointed to see that the skanky "Sirens of T.I." (That's an abbreviation for Treasure Island if you haven't figured it out yet) replaced the old, legitimate Pirate show. You can literally experience the entire show within a few glances as you walk straight past the crowds: a few theatrical explosions here, a nip-slip there, you get the gist. I would definitely not recommend wasting your time watching this show simply based on the fact that the "Wet Zone" is located below your belt.
1	Waste of time. Too much melodrama but poor story & too long. I was literally waiting for it to get over.
3	Good Free Show. I would check it out just once if you haven't seen it. Some say it is not good for kids. They are dressed for swimming. I think many people are hating on it because it changed. It used to be family friendly. and kinda boring also. Now they took it up a few notches and gotten a little more risque. It might not be for everybody.
4	The area is really nice. A bit hot to visit during the day but towards evening it was beautiful. The show was good and it was free. It featured singing and dancing. I loved the costumes and it was entertaining. It was loud and exciting. The performers and pirate ships were good.
1	Treasure Island... what have you done to yourself? Embarrassing.One of my fondest memories from my childhood visits to Las Vegas had to have been the ever popular British vs. The Pirates battle at the front of the hotel. The British arrived to try and rain on the pirate parade, but the pirates triumphed and told you to come join them in their paradise.. the hotel behind them...It was by far (and yes, even more so than the Bellagio..) the most popular free show on the strip. The crowd would gather and make it nearly impossible to move with 15 minutes to go to show time. It was a spectacle every hour.Then someone got the bright idea to pretend that Treasure Island was just a clever name for a adult club and people would pretend it wasn't meant for kids. So you slapped some half naked women on the boats and made that your thing... and it didn't work out.. Now.. there is no more show. The pirate ships sit being dismantled.. and in their place.. exactly what Vegas is dying to have more of.. shops.For shame.. and a waste of the best free show in Vegas (before they turned it into a burlesque show)
