3	Since the last time I had my car supposedly washed at Los Olivos Ive been searching for a new place to have my Cooper bathed.. well, found it! They do a decent enough job though not as awesome as L.O. in their prime but acceptable. Be sure to visit their website for a coupon.. 12.99 for the Works!! Woohoo!!
1	I have been to this car wash several times over the last few months in my quest to find a decent carwash without a high pressure sales pitch. I generally went on Sunday mornings and was thrilled with the service and excited about the terrific coupons available. However, after my last visit on a Saturday I will not return. When I pulled in I was bombarded by a windshield repairman who tried to pressure me into fixing a chip, then harrassed by a man trying to up-sell me on my chosen wash. According to the man selling me the wash I was to get a wax, scent, and a deeper cleaning of the dash etc. I got in my car after paying $29 and my dash was still dirty, there was no scent, and my car was not entirely dry. Also, the "wax" is apparently applied during the wash not a hand wax like the man trying to up-sell me initially said it was. What a waste of money!
1	Went to Arizona Auto Wash and had one of the worst consumer experiences in years. I was taking my mom's minivan in to get washed so there was a $1 upcharge. Fine.  I bought The Works wash. That is 2 grades up from their basic wash. Cost me $18.99 + tax. That's not like super cheap for a car wash, right? Could expect something? Or maybe I'm way off base.The Works supposedly includes the basic wash, sealer wax, triple foam polish, tire dressing, air freshener, clear coat polish, deep clean dash/console/cup holders, exterior dressing, dress dash and console w/SunGuard protective coating.So it's a minivan and we borrowed it for a trip to Flagstaff & the Grand Canyon. We have 2 little kids so went for the higher end wash. Needed a bit of TLC. Some debris on the carpet, some drippage in the cup holders, etc.So watched the van come out of the wash and pull up to the wipe down location. Sat there for quite a while. Was even thinking that it was taking a long time but maybe they take a long time so you think you're getting your money's worth. I did notice the main guy on the car going back to the dash over and over and over again.  Then to the front windshield over and over again. Kind of seemed like he was milking it, which is fine (as long as the car was clean).Well I had my tip ready and walked up to the car and figured I'd just check it out before handing it over.  Once I looked in, I went from surprised to frustrated to outright bitter.  The windows weren't super clean. Ok fine. Windows are a pain in the rear to clean perfectly. There was debris, loose debris, all over the floor. I also get that stuff gets stuck in the carpet. This was not that.  Cup holders were full of debris. One of the main reasons to upgrade to "the Works" was to get the cup holders at least a once over. Both middle row chairs had been folded down. Of course they didn't bother to open them up and check. Loose debris all over the seat.There was spillage on the walls in the back by the cup holders (kids) and spillage on the leather strip at the bottom of the sliding doors on each side. Now I don't expect them to go crazy for $20 but they didn't even try. I ended up grabbing a rag and spending 10 minutes cleaning and wiping down the car myself.Then I drove back over to the vacuum station and asked them to turn it on.  I spent another 5 minutes vacuuming the car. I did a little extra (pulled up the floor mats and such) but I definitely didn't expect that.  I at least expected them to get up the loose debris on the carpet, not the stuck stuff that you have to suss out with the vacuum head.Of course when I got home later and looked in the trunk area, that hadn't been touched either.The dash they spent so much time pretending to wipe was a mess as well. Blotchy uneven application of who knows what. Some areas had no coverage & others were almost wet.When I was vacuuming the car, the manager on duty came over and I told him I was bitter. Told him what wasn't done and what I was doing. He took a look and agreed that it wasn't a good job.  He asked if I wanted someone else to do it. I said no and kept on.  When I was pulling out, he was standing around, didn't come up again. I drove over to him & again said I couldn't believe the quality of their work. He said next time I come, tell them his name and say he said I could get a free wash.  Sweet.The other thing that's such a disappointment is that I've been going to this car wash for years and  years. It has been a good while since the last visit though. You can definitely tell something happened with the ownership. Lousy work and complete lack of concern. It even extends to the inside store area, looks quite run down.
2	This place has really gone downhill over the last year or so. I don't know if it's the "economic downturn" or what -- but one used to get great service and a great wash here. No more.First, a lot is missing/gone. They used to have a tinting business and a lively detailing team. Now, you're lucky to see anything getting detailed. The bays are empty most of the time. They used to have a decent selection of refreshments inside. Now, there are empty coolers and a huge one full of weird off-brand bottled water. They do have fountain drinks, as evidenced by the steady parade of employees coming in to fill their cups. No customers filling cups, though.The customer service experience is awful now, at least at the front end. As you drive up, two sharks begin circling you. The first shark is the guy who used to just take your wash order and give you a receipt. Now, it is Upsell Man, a strange and powerful supervillian whose mission is to sell you detailing services... you know, to fill those empty bays. He will stop at nothing, offering free washes, discounts, all kinds of stuff. Today he was lackluster, only asking, "You okay on waxing?" I did just get my back waxed the other day, so I guess the answer is yes. He went back to the cigarette he was forced to set down when I pulled up. Cool.. I had gone all day without walking through second-hand smoke, so that was good. The second shark is Auto Glass Man. You know him. You've had to dodge him at gas stations, supermarkets, maybe even your work place. I need say no more about Auto Glass Man, but he is now circling your car looking for cracks and dings. If he spots one, Jebus help you.If you make it past this gauntlet, the actual workers will start vacuuming your car. They are pretty good at this. Then the car proceeds through an auto wash. While this is happening, you go through a large depressing room to pay for your wash. Today was extra exciting because the cashier appeared to have her young children on hand. Why pay for child care? They sprinted around the room, yelling, crying, crashing into chairs, into myself, and so on. The boy of about 2 or 3 carried an open bottle of Sprite which splashed merrily about the floor as he ran. The cashier alternated between standing behind the counter texting and yelling things at the kids. I enjoyed this scene for a while and then paid my tab and proceeded outside. There are some sad remnants of further upselling that used to occur, the "wash booklets", but the cashier now has no time or interest for such things.Now when you get outside, you witness the area where the real work is occurring. My car was shining with water and now being attended to by a man who dries it, cleans the windows and interior, scrapes bugs off the front, and so on. I paid $20 for the "Super Works", which is supposed to include a "deep clean" of the doors and dash, among other things. Like a previous Yelper, I considered this expensive but hopefully worth the money. I have kids and the car gets amess. One has to keep up appearances. The guy worked hard and appeared to pay attention to all areas of the car. He even covered some areas I don't usually see them cover. When he was finished, I inspected the car, tipped him, and left.Now, 5-10 minutes after you leave the Auto Wash is what I like to call the "WTF Zone". I call it this because that's when you start noticing the stuff they missed, but you are too far away to go back because you have already burned your lunch hour. In this case, he missed the insides of the back windows (which are still covered with my kids' fingerprints), the leather wrapping of my stick shift (dirty/dusty), and roughly half of the steering wheel (half is glazed with protectant, half is dirty). Well, whatever. No one is perfect. There used to be two or three people working on each car, in better days. Now you get one and they miss stuff. He did scrape off the melted wax that had gathered in my center console when my daughter left crayons in the car, which I had been avoiding for weeks. Worth $20? No way.
1	Just when you think it couldn't get any worse! I too went back after I got down the road and realized they missed half the car and there was still bird shit on the window. They were first argumentative and said I should have purchased an upgraded wash if I really wanted a better job than what I got. They said they would redo it giving me a premium wash for no additional cost. I didn't get to excited about the upgrade since this was a 2010 Mercedes and still looked like new on the inside. All I wanted  was a clean exterior. Imagine the horror of getting to the pick up area and finding that they put amorall or a like kind of  dressing all over the dash, speaker grills, vents and door hardware. When I went back to the entry area for now the third time they insisted that they gave me this special treatment as part of their premium wash. I insisted that they remove it and they sent another guy in with a scubbing pad and some unknown solution.  When finished I had a blotchy colored dash with shiny looking areas all over the hard to get to areas. When I talked to the guy that said he was the manager he said he would check with his supplier the following week and see if he could get something to clean up the mess. He said he would call back a week ago. Still no call and a $50,000 car that looks like crap thanks to these people. It's too bad they don't  have a minus five selection here. This is a good place to send anybody that you really dislike.
1	I needed a good vacuuming of the inside of my vehicle and my rims were in need of some tlc.  I also went on a day where it has been raining and will continue, but for the good of my road trip passengers I thought I'd make it comfortable.  I researched ahead and saw their website, which listed several washes and an a la carte section.  A la carte seemed to have exactly what I needed.  There were choices for Interior Dressing ($5) and Interior Dressing (complete) ($10).  Wheel Sparkle was $2.50.  I figured sweet-just what I need and super reasonably priced.  I pull up and am met by some smug d-bag who, after I have told him exactly what I want (focus on the interior and clean the wheels as I realize it's going to rain and don't care about the exterior) he says he guesses he doesn't understand what I want/that I don't want them to clean it.  I am baffled; how much clearer can I be?  He says they don't do interior washes.  I ask him if he has read their menu, which I notice is 30 feet away and identical to their website.  He tells me (in a super smug tone) that the dressing is very half assed and doesn't really clean anything.  Good to know.  He tries to sell me an interior detail for $90.  I am already over this place but was crunched on time and ask what he recommends.  Some wash-I don't know what name-and I ask him how much.  $20 bucks and he gives me "the talk" ie we start with a deep vacuum, then we blah blah blah.  Sold.I go in to pay and the guy (who was actually friendly and capable, no complaints here) tells me it's $30 and change.  Hmmm.  Don't want to interact with previous douche again so I'll pay the extra $10 to get the f out.  I was entertained by Titanic playing on their old school tv while I soaked in the depressing nature of their waiting area.  After becoming bored after 20-30 min I asked him what the status was and it was done.  They didn't do a horrible job, but there were obvious misses inside.  Example: the center console/radio area.  It is the most focal point of the whole interior.  Untouched.  Outside and wheels turned out okay.  Overall, overpaid to be condescended and lied to, then left with an inferior finished product.
1	WARNING:  DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!!!   We paid for one of those $200 details, 6 hours later and at closing time the truck wasn't finished.  Regardless, and unbeknown to us, we took the truck home.   There were so many things not washed or cleaned... it was ridiculous.  The next day we took the truck for a redo... after 4 hours, still dirty.  Dirty windows, gum in the truck bed, same old coffee spill still in the cup holder.  10 hour and $200 later.  We paid for a detail and got a crappy wash.Flash forward... 8 months later.  I thought, maybe, they could do a basic wash.  I was WRONG!   DO NOT TAKE YOUR CARE HERE.  After $17.00, they couldn't even clean the cupholders, a service that was specifically shown on the menu under the $17.99 wash package.  Ugg!
1	I am very unhappy with their quality... I live around the corner a quit using them because the end result was me driving to another car wash w/in a couple days because my car was still too dirty from AZ Auto Wash's poor wash job.  Complain??? How about they just do a good job the first time.  Streaks, WATER SPOTS every where, wheels still dirty, inside hardly cleaned, roof untouched... In all fairness it is a 4 wheel drive truck, BUT they charge an addition fee for larger vehicles so they should catch the roof!  The management is milktoast and NO, I don't want the chips fixed in my windshield... NO MEANS NO quit the hard sell and move on to the next customer in line Window Jockey!  Just used AZ Auto Wash again today hoping things had changed and rather than asking me for an additional fee to remove gum from my paint near the front wheel, the woman used a wet rag to grind and smear it into my black paint.  Manager's solution... A $130 detail will buff it out. CUSTOMERS BEWARE!!!! Find a better car wash... This one consistently SUCKS!!!!
1	From September 2000 to April 2006, I went to Arizona Auto Wash, at the 90th Street and Via Linda location in Scottsdale, regularly, nearly once a week.  In April, 2006, I received very rude and insulting treatment from one of the employees.  I complained to the company, and it did not even have the courtesy to respond to me.  Reading the other posts on this website, I see they now offer low-quality service.  DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE.
2	Not good.  Minimum amount is done for the $ 19.99 wash.   Seats were not wiped down, no armor all done or rain ex for that price.  Vacuuming was also poor.  Will avoid in future. For the $19.99 wash they do not amor all the tires or give it that extra clean that other car washes provide.
1	OMG! This place is HORRIBLE! If you want to be harrassed, and your personal info taken OUT of your car, and LOST or SOLD-GO HERE! The Manager known as Rich Geisler is as rude as a convict. The Site Manager- Shuan Carstensen is lacksidaisical and does not call you when your car is finished detailed and is un-helpful. Idropped my Infinity Fx35 off on Sunday, March 25th, 2012, at 9:30am by appt- Upon 3pm- 6 hours later- I went to pick up my car although no one called me to say it was done and ready- and to my astonishment  the inside of my car looked like a slick greasy vasoline mess! My leather seats, steering wheel &  consol had a film of cheap grease put on that was WET and slimey! The glove compartment was empty and never even vacumed much less cleaned or detailed. The floor mats were soaking wet and NOT clean- just wet. I felt ripped off  for $125.00-but it gets WORSE! When I got home I parked the car in my garage and went to go to work the next morning (Monday) and noticed my entire Leather folder containing my  IDENTITY - , Vehicle registration and Insurance card was missing! OMG! The guy working on my car Sunday could NOT even speak English- his name is Hector. I immediatly called the Via Linda location and spoke with Shuan Carstensen-Site Mgr. I kindly asked him to CALL every single patron who dropped their car off for detail Sunday to see if my info was accidentally put in another car. Shaun told me   to get on line, and get another Ins card and another Registration and not to worry about my Identity being stolen! He missed the point of Identity Theft! Shaun said he'd call me back by 11am- he never did- I called on Tuesday to discuss the possibility that my info had obviously been stolen from the AZ Auto wash, since  they could NOT locate it on site nor in other patrons cars- He turned me over to a young man who calls himself Rich, the General Mangager. I spoke with  Rich on Wednesday early morning in which the conversation ended up extremely  RUDE by Rich  and he hung up on me.- as though I would just simply go away.There was also a slime ball about 21 yrs old hanging out at the wash,by the name of Brad Dennis pimping glass repairs. I told him NO- I didn't need his assistance and he continued mess with my windshield glass. He actually was still at the auto wash at 3pm and hounded me for a TIP to pay him! He was like a fly on paper and would NOT go away. I never told him I agreed to  pay him and he said he'd fix it for free.  They give me no other alternative but to  file a police report of theft  on their property.  They will find this complaint &  report on www.ripoffreports.com since they do not care about their reputation and the reputation of AZ Auto Wash- their employer to help with this situation to be remanded. OH! I forgot to mention this to you all- they NEVER steam cleaned my engine which was part of the $125.  Do NOT take your car to  ANY of the AZ Auto Wash-unless you want to kick these idiots ass for me!
5	Got my car detailed today, not only did they do a great job, but I opened my cup holder to find a graduation gift (Tiffany's necklace) that I thought was long gone. Their good work & honesty have definitely earned my future business.
1	Do NOT go here! The employees are so rude and unprofessional! Will never return. They tried to turn me away and say they were closed so they could leave early, and another guy let me through. I heard them talking about partying when they were off. They were actually making fun of another customer behind her back. Rude. And they did a crappy job on my car. Overpriced too. The worst employees are the fat dudes that work inside behind the counter! Surprised they aren't shut down already!
3	Every month, they have a coupon in the Money Mailers for a Basic Car Wash for $5.99. A Basic Car Wash includes vacuuming and cleaning of the interior as well. This is a great deal and I only go when I have a coup. I wouldn't pay for the full value. I'd rather go to Costco or a generic $5 car wash since they do the same quality of work. When you get there, they'll try to sell you on a detail job or try to repair your windshield... typical. Just say no! The waiting area is air conditioned and has free wi-fi. They have some drinks and basic things for sale. They also have benches outside if you prefer to enjoy the weather. It does take them a while, so be prepared to spend about 45-1hr there. Like I said, only go here if you have a coup otherwise you might be disappointed and be prepared to wait a while.
2	DO NOT GO HERE! I just bought a Groupon for a VIP wash. The manager said it would take 30-45minutes to get my car through, 1.5 hours later and my car hadn't even been started on. I had to leave without them finishing my car. Next, I get in my car and the light fabric was soiled with grease stain from the tires! So now I have to figure out how to get these grease stains out of the inside of my car. *they did offer me a free wash to come back and have my car finished but is it really worth it? I don't think so.UPDATE: I did end up going back for them to clean the inside of my car. The manager was very responsive to my concerns and my car ended up looking great and they finished in a timely fashion. Should have done this the first time around and I'd be a regular customer.
1	NEVER TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!!This place is a complete rip-off and has the WORST customer service I have EVER come across.We went there and asked what package we needed in order to have the interior of our new car cleaned out. (not shampooed, just the seated sprayed off and wiped) We were told to get the $39.00 VIP package, and it would take care of cleaning off the front and back seats. Not only did the wash on the outside look horrible, they barely wiped down the front seats, doors, and dash, they also didnt wipe anything in the back. I had to argue with the manager for almost 10 minutes about wiping down the back, that took him a whole 2 minutes to do, and it was still so half-assed that I had to do it myself once I took the car home. We paid $39 for what would have been the same wash as the $7 was.I had then taken my car in for detail since I had received a detail job certificate from a friend a couple weeks prior to this fiasco, and being there are no refunds on detail jobs, I had to take it in or lose the money. So, this past weekend, it went in. They took 5 hours to detail the car. I was expecting it to take between 3-4 like they had originally told me, but, that was just the start of the frustration. I paid to have the car detailed with a clay bar to remove swirl marks and find scratches. There are now more swirl marks on my car than when it went in, not all of the wax was removed, so I had to use my microfiber cloths to remove it myself, I specifically said that I DIDNT want any armorall or leather conditioner on my interior, and to just clay bar the outside, they didnt listen to that, so I spent 30 minutes wiping greasy armorall off my interior and leather. I told the manager that I was completely dissatisfied with the job that was done, he refused to give me any money back and said I would have to bring it back for them to do the job again. I will NOT take my car back to have more damage done for another 5 hour job. I could have purchased the stuff to do the job myself in about 2 hours of time and had it done right.Please head this warning and DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE! terrible wash, and even worse customer service.
1	I got the 12.99 basic wash. Pulled up & there was no sign to wait or what to do. Finally ten minutes later someone comes up. I ask how long it'll be for the "basic" an he tells me ten minutes max. It's been over an hour and I am still waiting for my car. Not worth the time or money.
3	They put way to much tire dressing on the tires when you drive off it splatters all over the car..Made it at 20 after 5
1	Very rude workers,  extra fee for a normal sized SUV and no gas available. the Building was dirty and had empty shelves.  Would never go back again!! It was a very long wait for car to be cleaned and the car was not that clean.
1	Beware!! Last weekend I pulled up to Arizona Auto Wash and was approached by a creepy looking man with a beard. The first thing he said is "You have a chip in your windshield". What?? I just had it replaced 2 months ago and it was DIRTY, not chipped! He repeatedly pointed out where it was supposedly chipped. I finally said "okay whatever" and then he asked for my insurance card. What??? I asked why he needed my insurance card to wash my car. He replied "You said we could fix your windshield, so I need your insurance card". Again, WHAT???? I said No! And he argued with me! I should have immediately left, but instead I got the car washed. During the car wash I went in their building and texted my boyfriend to tell him of the experience. I turned around and CREEPY bearded man was standing right behind me!!!! I am NEVER returning to that business and I'd suggest the same for everyone, especially women!!! Oh and by the way, after the windshield was washed, the "chip" magically disappeared!
1	Unprofessional staff, streaked windows and mirrors. I was very disappointed with the outcome of my car wash. The interior of my car was not completely cleaned either.I will never go back!
1	Rude! Customer service starts off great when you first pull up, that is UNTIL you tell them you're not interested in their detail or windshield replacement - demeanor totally changed after that. Pricing is decent, if they did a good job.  Somehow, they forgot to vacuum behind the driver and passenger seats and when I mentioned it to them - they weren't too happy about it, told me...."That's why we recommended the detail" NEXT!
2	Pros:- Good, quality work for a somewhat reasonable priceCons:- Lots of efforts to "up sell".  In other words, they'll try to offer all sorts of breaks to get you to buy a more expensive service.- Sell services without being completely open.  For example, I was sold a detail deal without being informed that the detail must be scheduled.  Also, I was told to give them a call and they'll get me scheduled next week.  I contacted them within a week and they said it was 4-5 weeks before they could get me scheduled.Be wary and ask LOTS of questions before paying for some services.
2	BEWARE:  Strong upselling when you arrive.  If you are interested in a detail, ask how long it will take to book.  I bought mine and then found out I had to wait 4-6 weeks before I could use it.
1	These people are terrible. Misleading and crooks,  Had my vehicle washed/cleaned and there was dirt and bug grime still on the vehicle when they finished. They do not about  cleaning your vehicle, wait isn't that what I paid for? and their attitude is terrible. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.I left and took my car to another car wash to get a real wash.What a rip off,......no wonder they shut down their 90th St location.....they also tried to sell me a wax service, are you kidding me! NOMake sure you check your vehicle before driving off, I've heard horror stories of damage. There are a lot other good reputable car washes around Scottsdale that you can stay clear of this one.!
1	Stay away.  This car wash is the slowest of any I have ever used.  Woefully understaffed and not concerned about it either.  For a basic wash, I waited 50 minutes.  Your car will air dry before a person touches it.  Very poor service.
2	Horrible customer service.  I just watched the man in front of me get treated like crap over a $1 additional charge.  The cashier was dismissive and flat out rude.  I won't be coming back here and neither will that man.  She just lost this business 2 customers over $1 and her bad attitude.   The quality of the wash was decent hence the 2 stars.
1	Scum bag owners could care less.Details at this place are a joke they almost make the car worse-dirty water for shampoo over worked under payed detailers could care less. Slow pathetic washes etc a bunch of lowlife managers employed by the lowlife owners. Update below- 12/30/2014 Yelp Email response from the AZ auto wash  to me regarding my review, and yes this is the typical AZ auto wash owner/ employee!I am also surprised yelp forwarded this profanity to me but I will post it for all to see. Hi Charles, Cameron M. sent you a message on Yelp:Subject: Message"Look man if u hate our service at AZ auto wash then u can take ur fucking car some where else we do a good job we ain't slow anymore but if u want to be negative then fuck yourself I've been working here and I love if u hate our service go somewhere else"
1	Worst customer service and pushy commissions based employees anywhere I have ever seen! Terry, is the absolute worst. Beware of this guy! Had a exchange with him where I was forced to file charges with the Salt River Police Department against him. He was cursing and threatening myself and other customers in a manner unacceptable by any standards. His boss Rich, stated to me that this individual (Terry) would be terminated/fired for his unacceptable and unprofessional behavior. He is still working at AZ car wash!! Rich (the mgr.) was also very unprofessional and will say anything to the customer to try to salvage their business. Do not trust anything said by Rich. He is full of it. The employee Terry is a felon with a long criminal record. Do not hesitate to call the police if you are confronted by either of these 2 individuals. Both the Scottsdale Police and Salt River police know this carwash well. Once I filed charges, the police officer told me that a large number of complaints constantly comes in by customers who were threatened by employees at this car wash....they are there all the time.I strongly recommend you do not pay any money upfront to this car wash. When I requested a refund on a detailing (due to threats I received from Terry), they informed me that their carwash cannot process refunds to customers. Really!! I immediately proceeded to my bank and filed a fraud claim against this establishment.Your car will take forever to be cleaned and the cleaning is only marginal at best. Their employees are overworked and the attitude of this facilities management as well as an extremely poor attitude by the cashier (Gordo) led me to cancel all future work at AZ Car Wash at the Scottsdale pavilion location. Even after securing an agreement on the cost to clean and detailed my cars, this carwash continued to ask for additional monies whatever my car came in for a wash.Beware of this facility!! Read the other reviews on this and other sites......this is the worse carwash in Phoenix!!!
4	I read the other reviews and I would probably normally agree. But my last two visits have been a complete turn a round from the previous experiences.  Maybe the bad feedback prompted some changes.  I had my car detailed and they bent over backwards to make sure I was satisfied. Yes, there was a little bit of an upsell on adders to the detail, but we worked out what I needed. The wash time is considerable quicker and possibly more oversight. So bottom line is that Im good with what they are doing as long as they keep it up. To be continued.
1	Scum bag owners. Worst customers service ever. One owner Jorge Lolpez tried over charge fuel+carwash for drop offhaul's truck.... I called the company for complain about this jerk guywith attitude and I change drop off the truck in different location withno charge. Don't go here this guy don't deserve any kind business.
1	AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!From the moment I spoke about getting a car wash to the moment I left, I regretted being there. Terrible customer service, I don't mind emotionless service but don't be rude to me, I don't need your service, plenty of other car washes I can take it to. Which I will be because I will never return nor recommend. Whole demeanor changes once they realize you don't want their 'detail' or 'windshield replacement', even the cashier is downright terrible. Luckily, I had a bunch of free coupons for the wash they've been putting in parking lots, cause the quality is about the same as a $5 automated car wash and not worth the hassle.NEVER AGAIN!
1	I am not even a customer here and they jacked up my car! I was shopping in the Pavilions, come out and there is their  post card type flyer shoved in my window, guess the seal was too tight so the flyer guy just tore it. I called asked for the manager he told me WHATEVER, GET OVER YOURSELF and hung up!!! Awesome
5	I LOVE this place, so it really shocks me to see negative reviews. I have a totally different experience when I come here and there are always a lot of people here with nice cars as well, including me. I come here once a week or every other week as I'm a part of their annual membership. The staff is extremely knowledgable and I really find them to be trustworthy, which I'm really cautious about (being a girl at any auto company, naturally.)  And if you make a decision against something they suggest, they don't get an attitude like most places would, nor do they try to push you. The waiting area is always clean and consists of high tops, snacks, and tv's. Plus side: the bathroom is super nice and really clean! You can tell this place has been newly redone. I like that they suggest you can go shopping if you'd like while your car gets washed, which makes it easy for me to pop into Target and knock some items off of my list instead of waiting; so it's really convenient. All in all, friendly and knowledgable staff, clean and new amenities, and convenient.
