5	Chamber Framer is the absolute best service in town.  They offer free pick-up, delivery and then will hang your pieces for you.  The quality is outstanding and their prices are way below anybody else in town.  Love them and will be referring to all my friends.
4	Brought back three paintings from Peru that needed to be stretched back on to wood and then framed.  Two of them were quite large.  I went to Michael's Arts & Crafts and their "special 70% off sale offer" was $1,300 to frame the three paintings.  Absolutely ridiculous.  I found Gary online and took a chance.  He came to my apartment at a time convenient for me, picked up the paintings, stretched, framed them, delivered them back to my apartment, and helped me hang them on my walls.  This was all with a two week turnaround and for 1/3 of the price of Michael's.  Incredible.  The only minor drawbacks are 1) he only takes cash, which is understandable, but a little inconvenient, and 2) if you are like me and have no sense of artistic style it's a little nerve-wracking to pick frames based on photos instead of having a sample like you would in store.  Still, Gary gave me good advice on the frames and I am 100% thrilled with the outcome.  Definitely save your money and time -- skip Michael's and call Gary.
5	I own three quality signed prints that I had brought to several other retail framers in town. I wanted them framed in a quality wood molding with matting, and one piece with a fillet trim. The prices I was quoted seemed awfully high to me and out of my budget. I found Chamber Framer on yelp and decided to give them a try. When Gary Pallino, the owner came to my house he was courteous and very professional. We discussed what I wanted and I trusted him enough to take my art. He returned in just over a week with all three of my pieces framed beautifully. We then discussed where I wanted to put them in my home and he actually hung them on the wall for me. I was amazed that all this service was included in the price, which by the way was lower than the quotes I had received from the other retail shops just for the framing. I was very pleased with Chamber Framer's quality, coming to my house and delivering my prints, and even hanging my prints. I will refer him to all my friends or anyone looking for a excellent framer at great prices.
5	I purchased a large print (40x40) and took it to Aaron Brothers to be framed.  Unfortunately they could not handle something that size so did a search for framers.  Found Chamber Framer and liked his website. I gave him a call and he was more then willing to work with my large print.  I took my print to him (he will come to you and hang your art in your home as well) and he gave me suggestions for the best look. The print came out great. The matting and frame are perfect. He was also faster and at a better price then Aaron Brothers.  I had an autographed football helmet that I wanted to put in a case as well so after seeing the results of my print, figured I would take it to GP (owner).  The case came out better then I could have expected.  Excellent work and made my helmet a show piece.  I highly recommend GP for any framing you may have.
5	All I can say is awesome.  I bought my girlfriend a signed print for her birthday and like a typical guy I  didn't plan ahead so it arrived on her birthday. I thought foolishly that I could get it framed the same day. I tried and called around several framing places who all informed me that it would take no less than a week for a custom frame. Due to its dimensions a store bought frame would not cut it. I was about to give up and just tell my girlfriend I did not have her present on time. I saw one last framer and just decided to give it one more shot, and thankfully I did. GP answered. I asked him how long it would take for a custom frame and he said it would take at least a few days for a custom wood frame, which was not bad but at that point I was so defeated I had already given up, so I said thank you and waited for him to say bye. He didn't say anything so I said thank you again and was about to hang up when he said well when did you need it by. I mumbled that I needed it today knowing it was not possible. He chuckled at first but then said well if I wanted acrylic he could do it today but I wasn't too familiar with it but if he could do it today it was definitely worth checking out. With some hope I told him I'd drop by to take a look at some examples. Now due to the nature of the piece I already wanted a very unique frame. So when I saw his acrylic frame it blew my mind. It framed the piece in a glass box with black background with the piece floating in the middle. It looked amazing and unique without taking any attention away from it. It was perfect!  Now mind you it was already about 2:30pm. He said if I wanted it done today he'd have to start right away but he could have it done before 8pm the same day! It was fate. I agreed immediately and left him the artwork. At about 7:30 I got a call and voicemail telling me to come by his workshop at 8:15. I did as instructed and boy was I pleased. It blew my socks off. Just the perfect frame. Exactly what I didn't know I was looking for. He saved the day! I will most definitely be back and highly recommend him to anyone.
