1	I gave this place 2 chances before firing them as my dentist.  Being a graduate student on the graduate student dental plan, I did not have many options as who my dentist would be.  I regret chosing Champaign Dental Group.My first negative experience was when a dental assistant tried fitting me for whitening trays.  He clearly had never done this before because the mixture was way too hard and he was using a tray too big for my mouth.  The result was SEVEN attempts of putting the trays in my mouth and removing them and subsequent severe cuts in my mouth.  I was called back the next day because the impression was not good enough to make a mold out of and had to redo the entire process again.  Already not happy about my experience at Champaign Dental Group, I went ahead and scheduled my next appointment 6 months in advance.  I recieved a card with my appointment time and was had a reminder call 2 days before my scheduled appointment.  When I arrived my appointment was no where to be found and my dentist wasn't even working that day.  I guess this is what happens when you run your dental practice like a business production.
1	SCAM ARTISTS, plain and simple. The folks that run this place are cashing in on people who trust their white lab coats. Stay far away from here and  Illini Dental, Creative Smiles, Dentistry by Design, Affordable Dentistry Today, Baytowne, and Hessel Park Dentistry -  all owned and run by the same guyI went for a preventive cleaning - the hygienist goes through the normal routine, and then calls in an assistant. They both poke around and make concerned noises, and tell me that I REALLY need to get a deep-clean root planing. I have never heard of this. They call in the dentist, who says Absolutely, you have to have this done immediately or you're looking at a root canal within a year.I ask how much this will cost me, they say "Oh, only $1000 or so." They also try to sell me on veneers and a $300 bite guard because I grind my teeth. I say I can't afford any of that, so I am whisked straight from the chair, into a small office and onto the phone with Capitol One's Medical Loan people. They also still tried to sneak the veneers and bite guard onto my "treatment plan."Long story short, this VERY painful procedure was completely unnecessary, and they do it only to make money, since no insurance covers it. The wonderful dentist I see now says they've heard about CDG pulling this all the time, and it's just a matter of time until they get sued for it.
2	This place is just alright.  I always get the feeling that I am at a used car lot with them trying to sell me on invisalign, teeth whitening or electric toothbrushes.  I will say the hygienist I saw was pretty good which is why I didn't give this place one star.  She has a technique where the shots do not hurt too bad.  I usually have a problem with them billing my insurance as well.  I also have never been to a dentist that wants to see you every three months and I don't have any diseases/problems.
1	I've never had a cavity in my whole life.  Upon my first visit to Champaign Dental Group, I was told that I had two cavities.  Due to some new insurance issues at the time, CDG agreed to wait to fill them until the insurance would cover the fillings.  I went home and a few days later, typed CDG into Google to get reviews.  I admit, I was suspicious about the fact that I suddenly had cavities.  Well, surprise, surprise....MANY people have been told they have cavities (some 10 or more) and later find out that they do not.  I am terrified of needles.  So, most of my fear around getting cavities filled is the giant needles they use to numb your mouth.  I was beyond relieved when I got to leave that day...and then enraged that they would've subjected me to said needles AND drilled into my teeth when there was no cavity.I went to another dentist for a second opinion.  Lo and behold: No cavities.  I was told that CDG often finds "cavities" where there are none, because they have very high tech, sensitive equipment that measures tooth density.  When the equipment says there's a weakness in the tooth, CDG takes that as being a cavity, when it could just be a weak spot to be strengthened with fluoride.  As the other dentist says, "Why try to fix something that isn't broken?"
1	Like many other reviewers, I have suffered some bad experiences at Champaign Dental.  As a college student with limited funds, I admit that I usually ignore my dental health, at least when it comes to regular visits to the dentist.  Our student insurance luckily covers dental costs, so I thought it would be a good time to get a check-up, especially because I hadn't seen a dentist in over 4 years.During my initial visit, I had a pleasant time with the hygienist, who shared stories and was generally careful and attentive with my teeth.  However, she called in the doctor to look at my teeth, and they both confirmed that I required a deep-cleaning.  I was a bit horrified and thought this was my punishment for evading the dentist for years, as the doctor explained that my gums were now completely infected by bacteria that could ruin my jaw if I didn't have it treated.They said the cost to repair the damage would be about $1,800, and they started pressing me when I looked apprehensive.  My dental insurance didn't cover such expenses.  I explained that I couldn't pay for the costs on my own, but--no problem for them!  Why?  They had a dedicated loan counselor on staff (seem fishy to anyone else?) who whisked me out of the patient room and had me sign a loan for the procedure on the spot.  I know I should have been more assertive, but I was very shaken about threats that my jaw would rot off within a year.After a long and painful procedure in which the doctor injected pain-killer in my mouth and then scraped the teeth under my gums, I was told I would have to come back for regular follow-ups each month to make sure the deep-cleaning had worked.  When I came back for a follow-up shortly afterward, I was charged $100 (again, not covered by insurance)!  The follow-up took less than 10 minutes and consisted of the hygienist poking around my mouth, which certainly didn't seem worthy of $100.  I finally gave up on Champaign Dental at that point, regretful that I didn't trust my initial gut instincts.
1	Seven fillings in three years...never before have I had my teeth drilled so much. To make matters worse, twice I had to get fillings redone because Dr. Jeffrey Collin didn't do it correctly the first time. I'm finding another place and hoping that there hasn't been irreparable damage done to my teeth. The dentist says I may need a root canal, because he's drilled down one of my teeth so far and now it's causing me pain...On a better note, the hygienist, Mandi, is wonderful. However, for the sake of my teeth, I need to find a better dentist.Oh, and the group that the other reviewer was talking about that is Heatland Dental Care, which runs a whole series of clinics, Champaign Dental included. I will avoid them all as well.
4	I've had nothing but positive results so far with Champaign Dental, but I can see how they might get pushy with people who aren't familiar with what their insurance does and does not cover.  Case in point: they keep sending me notices for 3-month updates--I don't know of ANY dental insurance that pays for 4 dental checkups a year!Like Heather T mentioned, Champaign Dental uses a more thorough check-up system than other dentists I have used, which includes measuring the density of your teeth to check for cavities.  This may explain why many people who haven't had cavities before find one when they go there (or it may be a scam, who knows).  I really enjoy the dental hygienist I see.  Her technique is great, and my visits are quick and painless.  Dr. Kuo is great as well.  I have an extremely rare type of dental bridge, and as he's the ONLY dentist in town who has any experience with one, I don't really have the option of seeing anyone else.  If I had other options I would probably explore them, but as long as I know what my insurance covers and am firm about what treatments I will and will not accept, I haven't had any problems.
5	Best dental experience of my life! I hate going to the dentist, despise it even. From the noise to the taste, it's all a nightmare for me, but Shelly my hygienist and Dr. Kuo the actual dentist made my visit amazingly positive. The best part was that they even took my insurance without having to pay anything up front (unlike at other places that make you pay first, then get reimbursed later). Because of this latter fact, I have told all my coworkers about it! True, they do offer a lot of services that aren't covered, but they are just doing their job, you don't have to accept any of them, but to treat myself I got the fluoride treatment for only $25! I even learned a lot more about my mouth than my other dentist so I am now a super fan of flossing, brushing right, and eating things that are healthy for my teeth. I can't say that any other office made me feel as enthusiastic about caring for my teeth as this place. Plus they have the spit sucker instead of the little bowl on the side of your chair which means you can barely taste any of the junk they put in your mouth.Definitely recommend!
5	Nice staff and very helpful with getting me in fast and inexpensive.
1	Just had to have a filling that I got here replaced, and it made me remember that I wanted to write a negative review.  This place is a scam.  It's terrible. Convinced me I needed a cap, I didn't.  Convinced me I had a new cavity every six months.  I changed dentists and haven't had a cavity in three years.
1	What the actual F? I just got a random text message from these people advertising some special sale on tooth crowning. Seriously? This is what modern dentistry has come to? Blasting "sales" for dental work via text messages? I was a patient there OVER 5 YEARS AGO. Why am I even on the spam list?Shameful, absolutely shameful.
5	I went here today for the first time and my hygienist, Violet, was GREAT!  She had her room decorated and very homey looking.  She was funny and a great teacher about how to take care of your teeth and why.  I also got the vibe that she is a very genuine person and a loving Christian woman.  The doctor was also extremely nice and made getting two cavities filled not that big of a deal.  I didn't know I had cavities when I came in but they fixed them on the spot without requiring another appointment.  I LOVED this place!!!
5	Im not sure what all of the negative reviews are about - I had a fantastic experience here. I came in with nerve pain and a preexisting deathly fear of needles and came out with fear fended off by excellent service, and absence of pain. Charlotte and Dr. Colin were great. They were straight up with me about treatment options, didnt waste time, and were super attentive throughout.
1	Though I generally don't put much stock in Yelp reviews, I may need to reconsider after my trip to Champaign Dental Group.Background information: I have severe anxiety when it comes to going to the dentist and, as such, am unlikely to book an appointment unless I am in a considerable amount of pain (hence my booking this appointment, despite being terrified).Everything started off well--I called and was given a same-day appointment, and one of the dental hygienists even called me back and told me I could come in early if I so chose. When I got there, the receptionists and hygienists were polite and professional--I explained my dental-related issues, and they seemed both empathic and understanding.Then, Dr. Colin came in. Upon seeing that I was noticeably anxious/upset and struggling to articulate myself, he immediately said: "okay, refer her to Dr. Escobar." I was flabbergasted. Never before have I been treated so poorly by someone who was supposed to HELP me. If you're unable or unwilling to at least feign empathy with your patients who are extremely anxious/terrified to go to the dentist in the first place, you should probably rethink your occupation. It would greatly behoove Dr. Colin to learn an iota of compassion and understanding. Like I said, I have never been treated so poorly by someone who is (ostensibly) a professional. Shame on you, Dr. Colin!
2	I will give the warning that I didn't actually get to see a dentist here. First of all, there was some discrepancies about when I should show up for my appointment. When I first scheduled my appointment, I was told to show up 15 minutes early which is the time that I put in my calendar. When I received my reminder phone call, I was told a time that was 20 minutes later than what I put in my calendar. I thought it was strange but figured I must have made a mistake so I showed up at the later time. When I got there, I had tons of paperwork (btw....since when does the dentist need your social security number?) to fill out which they seemed annoyed that I didn't show up earlier (even though they told me to show up later). They also hadn't sorted out things with my insurance company. They insisted that they could not bill my insurance company and that I pay up front and ask for reimbursement later. I thought this was very odd so I insisted on calling my insurance company there.  This whole process ended up taking so long  that I ended up having to reschedule my appointment. It took me just a few minutes to sort things out with my insurance company once I got home. I just wish that if they had issues, they would have called me to let me know ahead of time so I didn't have to worry about it when I got there.I will add that they were very kind about letting me bring my bike inside since there's not really any bike parking outside. But, I think I'd rather go to a dentist office that has their act together and is a bit more organized.
1	As stated in other reviews these people are scam artists. My first visit I went for normal X-ray and cleaning covered by insurance. The hygienist spent her time and did an outstanding job. When the dentist came in and did the exam she recommend I come back and get a replacement filling for $67. I was happy and willing to do so as for this one was chipped, also the old ugly metal kind now used anymore.So I go to check out with the receptionist "D" who dresses nice and has a good smile. She proceeds to tell me that today's visit is $67.00. I told her that I my insurance was to covere this visit 100%. She then tells me that my insurance only covered the X-ray and cleaning and that this is for the "oral cancer" screening. I told her that this charge was never previously discussed then she proceeds to roll her eyes and say that they'll put it on my file to discuss charges prior next time. I was like whatever gave her my card thinking in my head, I'm done and won't be back.While on my way home "D" calls me and said the doctor overheard our conversation at the desk and apologized and now wants to do that filling free of charge. I was impressed to get an apology so set up the appointment to go back.3 weeks later I'm back to get the filling replaced. Got the filling then went to check out with "D". She of course proceeds to charge me as if that phone called never happened. I politely explained to her that I was told this  was going to be free because of the discrepancy last time. Again she rolled her eyes and seemed very annoyed and acted liked I was a huge inconvenience. She came back a minute later and said ok now I remember you. Wrote a bunch on notes in the computer and gave me a 0.00 balance bill as promised. Due to their poor business ethics and horrible receptionist whom is probably trained to act like that my next visit will be to grab my X-rays and run.
