5	5 stars when comparing to other fast food restaurants.  Nice staff and yummy, quick food.  Tolerant of kids.  Never see more than 2 kids in here at once, so non-breeders won't be put-out.
5	The best Mexican food I had at Madison! I am a vegetarian and I would go back to them anytime I craved for Mexican. Loved it always...
3	Their burrito is very large and they have really good tortillas.   The protein is not always as hot as I would like it.  They are a bit impersonal which I don't care for.  The straw dispenser looks like it has never been washed.  At least that is what I remember but it may be from the one on Mineral Point road.    They beat out Qdoba for us. Clean and smile.Clean and smile.Then you've gone the extra mile. :-)
4	The meat is still not hot enough but the tortillas are excellent, the man who prepared our food was attentive and pretty friendly and they washed their straw dispenser!   Getting a little bit better now.I would like them to help me more in the selection of my meal.  They just sort of say, "what else would you like?"  What I would like is a great tasting burrito etc.    Just put on it what you would put on yours perhaps.  Is there more charge if I ask for more meat, cheese or sour cream?
1	Yuck! Do yourself a favor and go out of your way to find a Chipotle or Qdoba, they are SOOOOO much better. Chicken looked processed and was cold, the veggies were mushy and the rice they use sucks. Stay away.
3	Average American-Mexican food. I had the vegetarian burrito. Peppers, black beans, and the hot salsa. Peppers were a bit too chewy. Rice was good. Salsa was OK. Tortillas made on site, pretty good. They mix up the contents of your burrito, which I do like. Good service. Quick lunch. Clean and plenty of seating. Even so, not much different than the other 'burrito' chains around.
2	So after driving by this place everyday I decided to give it a shot. I originally went there on a lunchdate thinking it was a sit down and order establishment. Well I was wrong so at that point we went elsewhere. So I went back for carryout tonight. In a nutshell I'm not impressed by it all, but there are some silver linings.Service - Meh, middle of the road. Not bad, not good. The employees looked annoyed and didn't want to be there. But I was asked about sides and options and got a "thank you" after transaction so I can't burn them too bad for not whistling while they work. 6/10Food Quality - I ordered the steak quesadilla cause I love fried tortillas and lots of cheese inside. Well, I was very disapointed. Granted they press the tortillas there and fry it up in front of you, mine was not very fried. I worked at restaurants and cooked quesadillas on "mexi night" and mine were always crispy and hot. This one was merely warmed up and retained little heat during the 1 mile drive home. While the quesadilla wasn't much better than taco bells version, the chips and queso and guacamole were excellent. Very good guac!! It was rich and chunky unlike canned stuff. Maybe I'll just stick to burritos if I go there cause the steak was tasty. 5/10 only because of the guac, 3/10 without it.Price - $5 for that undercooked quesadilla is a sham. $3 tops. The chips and queso were also a bit pricey at $3. I spent $8.50 on the quesadilla, chips, queso and guacamole. I felt like it was a $5 meal in the end.3/10Experience/Vibe - Very plain much like other tex mex joints like Qdoba and Chipotle, only a little worse. The dining setup is awkward and weirdly lit. 5/10Overall - 19/40. When the sides impress me more than the main dish I can only give two stars tops. Im sure it would be closer to 3 if I ordered the burrito since thats just easier than a quesadilla but I don't really like burritos that much, so guys lets work on that tortilla frying and better portions!
1	Who likes this place??This is my second try here, I wanted to give it another chance, but it was just as bad as the first time.I got the burrito bowl and its just a bunch of low quality ingredients thrown in a pile. Taco Bell is way better, so thats saying something. Also, Taco Bell is cheaper. I paid 6.59 for my burrito bowl and I still felt hungry afterwards.If you want a real quality burrito bowl for the same price, go to Chipotle, hands down. Plus Chipotle includes guacamole for free with veggie bowls, this place its extra.The only cool thing about this place is that they are freaking everywhere, and they are new and clean on the inside. I don't know how they sustain themselves though, who comes here?
4	Ingredients are fresh and tasty, and the staff are fast and friendly. Try the pico and mild salsa combo on your burrito or tacos! Tortillas are made fresh and taste like it. My wife and I keep coming back for more. Negative reviews? Completely baffling.
3	Seems to be a lot of pretty brutal reviews on here, I honestly don't think it's that bad of a place.  I mean, it's fast food Mexican.  I've been here a number of times, and although I prefer Qdoba or Chipotle, this place really isn't that bad.  My wife, daughter, and I went again last night.  I had a chicken burrito, my wife had a chicken quesadilla, and my daughter had the Tot Quesadilla.My burrito was hot and tasted good.  I thought it was a good size, no different than the previously mentioned alternatives.  I do like how they mix everything up before rolling up the burrito.  At the other places, it seems that you get splotches of ingredients as you make your way through the burrito.  I was also pretty excited that they had a tot quesadilla.  Essentially a small quesadilla for $2.25.  Worked perfect and my 2 year old loved it.Don't go hear expected gourmet, hit Qdoba or Chipotle if they are nearby.  But don't be afraid to try Panchero's the next time you're looking for a quick burrito.
5	This place is my favorite. I'm addicted. Can't stop eating burritos. No, but seriously, I've only had great experiences here. The staff are friendly and helpful, they even take the time to remember their regulars' orders.
1	I truly wish these kind of places didn't exist. They give a bad name to mexican food. For reference I just ordered the standard array of rice, beans, salsas, etc.As others have said, go to Chipotle or Qudoba if you want the american/mexican style burritos. This place is simply not worth spending your time, money, daily allotment of calories, etc..
