3	Fate seems to be against me as I try to return yet another item @ Love Culture.  Discovering that I must've left my receipt in the shopping bag holding the purse I couldn't return (due to the no-return policy of accessories there- deemed "final sale"), I stumbled upon the colorful Charming Charlie.  My vision unfettered by wooden walls, I gazed through floor-to-ceiling glass panes into the brightly-lit space and immediately realized that this everything-goes store is color-coded!  Not only does CC sell charms, but it also offers up non-leather purses (I'm assuming they're synthetic going by the tag prices of $35 to $50); bangles; snakeskin-patterned wallets ($15 or higher); custom jewelry; adorable floral headbands; $30 and up summery blouses; shoes; and, well, you name it, and CC probably sells it!  I was tempted to buy a lavender washed leather-look business card holder ($10), when I sadly realized that I wouldn't be able to use it at work due to certain guidelines.  I already have my eyes on a few pieces and would've walked out with a few items had I not been struck with thoughts of getting something to eat!  :)  Hope to return today before they close at 9p...FYI, return policy is 14 days w/ receipt.  Clothing may be returned without the tag still on, as long as the tag accompanies the said item.  Restrictions?  Sales rep said that she wasn't positive, but clearance may be final sale.  (This location just opened this past Monday; I was told that a San Tan Village location is due to open in another week.)
5	I Love Love Love this store. How could a girl go wrong with a color coded accessories store, Aaamazing! You need a bright yellow clutch to go with you little black dress, got it; maybe an orange headband for that outfit you cant find anything to go with, done. The staff is super friendly and helpful. I was in no way overwhelmed, at least not to the extent I do when in other extremely cluttered overly stocked discount accessories stores. The prices are extremely affordable, I bought a extra large red bag (faux leather) for $36, what a steal. I have purchased a few other items and I am still very satisfied with everything. They also have some of the prettiest scarfs all between $12- $18. I am so glad this store is finally here!
4	umm... can I just say AMAZING. My friends and I ate at san tan and wanted to walk around and one of my friends was talking about this place. I thought it sounded like it was going to be a stupid forever 21 store or something. We walk in and its all organized by color! They have everything accessory wise that you can imagine! Everything is decent priced also, I bought a black purse and a new wallet and both  are soo cute. I just got it though, so the quality seems good so far, but we will see.  They have the cutest jewelry, clutches, purses, wallets, and belts. They have some shoes and a couple clothes that seemed alright, maybe only a couple items I would buy so don't really go for that. Im so excited I know about this store, but also worried because I wanted to buy like everything!!
4	Two words: Bling bling.This store at first glance, may be slightly intimidating. 1: It's huge. 2: There are probably twenty gigantic chandeliers sparkling from the ceiling. Upon entrance, after being immediately greeted, and examining several price tags, my anxiety ceased. Last night I was on a mission to find a Fall handbag. I wanted a black, fun, stylish bag. I went to other neighboring stores and wasn't impressed at all by the selections. When I saw the plethora of handbags that beautiful Charming Charlie had neatly presented I felt like a hungry chubby kid in a candy store. Prices were awesome and I snagged a super cute black leather bag with a ruffled flower and ruffling detail trimmed with gold zipper metal. I was helped by Marie, a super friendly sales associate who definitely made my shopping for a handbag experience that much better. Great energy, great prices, great content. Charming Charlie just about charmed the pants off of me ;)
4	I used to visit Charming Charlie when I lived in San Antonio, TX. I am so glad we finally have it here in the Valley!!! What I like is the variety of jewelry and reasonable prices. I feel like a kid in the candy store when I shop here!
4	they have a lot of bnecklaces in the $10 range and very cute bags!with the h & m store a few doors down, you could put together a cute outfit with accessories forv $60.
4	Color coded?  That will save some time.
4	Good price range. Lots of cute accessories. I probably spend way too much time in here. I think the best idea would be to shop for a specific outfit like one you just bought because it narrows down the options. I found one sales person helpful, he showed me a few different things. I don't remember anyone else that worked there.
5	This is the best place for accessories ever.  It is also good for those with OCD as everything is color coded.
4	Great prices and selection! It is like a candy store of accessories! They need one in Honolulu! It is inside the mall and the parking is free!
5	Oh no. Oh no, no, no. This store is my new "crack". My sister and I discovered this bling/accessory heaven while traipsing around Scottsdale Fashion Mall -- it looked intriguing enough through the window and once inside, we couldn't leave. This is a very cool accessories store -- wallets, purses, bags, overnight bags, necklaces, rings, bracelets, earrings, scarves, shoes, some cute tops, hats, even laptop cases!  The store is arranged by color, and there's a lot of bling in here. She scored a very cool pair of boots on sale, and I have some jewelry (bling!) and a leopard-print laptop case for my Mac. I agree with another reviewer in that if you need a cute outfit, hit up Charming Charlie and H&M - they're on the top level, just doors apart. You could put together some cute outfits for only a nominal amount of money. Definitely recommend this as a top-notch accessory store!
4	OH boy.... This place is so dang cute with so many shiny things.  Great selection, sometimes overwhelming.  Found these great laynards for badge holders, but with style.  Bling Bling...
4	This is the place to go when you need to pick up a last minute gift for your mom, your sister, friend, cousin, niece, ect. You get the picture. Its mainly pretty girly sparkly accessories, but they also have some clothes, shoes, lots a purses, hats, sunglasses and wallets. Seems like every time I come here to pick up a gift for someone, I end up getting more things for myself. You ladies know what I'm talking about. Anyhow, the prices are good, and they have pretty amazing specials/sales on clearance items. The girls that work here are very nice and helpful too. Great place to go for Christmas shopping.
5	Oh how I love this store! Let me count the ways! Color coded jewelry selection, cute outfits with accessory suggestions, purses, boots, sandals, and sunglasses oh my!I have purchased many gifts here and every time I go in for a gift I come out with three or four items of my own as well. I could probably spend two to three hours in this store if I had unlimited money and time. Yesterday I was emailed a coupon informing me about BOGO free clearance sale. I could not resist. I was in the area already and Charming Charlie was calling my name (more like screaming it.) I am headed to San Diego soon and I needed some cute beach accessories.I found three beautiful necklaces and a set of earrings all for $15! I could have kept going and going but I had to stop myself eventually. The customer service was great yesterday as well. I was greeted upon entering the store and I informed the associate I was here for the sale, she directed me towards it and told me everything was buy one get one free on sale and joked with me that she would think I was crazy if I left empty handed. When I went to check out, my cashier was extremely pleasant and signed me up for the birthday club and shopper rewards.I love this store. I will be back many times!!
3	Everything here is super cute. I really do love the way everything looks and I've bought stuff from here on many occasions.  The only problem is everything is really cheap.  Yes it's cheap dollar wise but it's also cheap product wise.  The blouse I bought started snagging within a couple washes, the hat fell apart, the scarf fell apart, it all fell apart.  Even items my friend bought like her eyeglasses, her bracelets, and her hair bands all fell apart.  The glue last for a couple wears before stuff falls off, and things just break easily.
