3	A nice option for a bite to eat at the park, the cafe serves a nice range of salads, sandwiches, soups and pizzas and has a welcome number of vegetarian options. The prices are quite reasonable for a museum/tourist site cafe and the eating area is clean and welcoming. They also use biodegradable cups and forks, and compost their waste, which is nice to see. They also focus on organic, local food. Though my salad wasn't anything super special, it was tasty enough and I'd happily go back to support Phipps and its cafe.
5	I've been consistently impressed with the fresh healthy salads, panini, pizza, and soup. Fresh ingredients, nice flavors, and they also have beer and wine. As an added perk, special bins for recycling and composting. This is one of the best places to get a salad in Oakland.
3	For a cafe attached to a museum/attraction, Cafe Phipps is like a 4.5, if not 5-star establishment.  In comparison to eateries in general, the food is fine but not outstanding.I love that the cafe uses local, in-season ingredients, and that it composts much of its waste.  Currently, it's one of two Pittsburgh eateries certified by the Green Restaurant Association.  Right now, the cafe has Friday happy hour, from 5-9 pm, which it calls "Agave Nights," in honor of the giant agave plant now at the conservatory.  $4 for margaritas, and $3 for beer, and popcorn shrimp or chicken nachos as food specials.  You can also order off their regular menu (which changes seasonally) up until 7 pm.  The falafel which is currently on the regular menu comes like a burger--as a single patty, on a bun.  The bun would have been better toasted.  I don't know how I felt about the blue cheese dressing on the patty, as opposed to a more traditional yogurt sauce or tahini sauce.  The cole slaw side was good in that the cabbage and carrot were fresh, but overall the slaw was too liquid-y and the random pieces of fruit (pineapple?) was rather strange.  I've also had a mushroom sandwich of some sort in the past here (not on the current menu), which was sort of bland.I wouldn't eat here unless I was also visiting the conservatory (which I really do recommend), but this is also one of the healthiest places to eat at in Oakland, and probably has the nicest atmosphere of all Oakland food places.
4	Mom and I hadn't had a girls' day out in awhile so we thought we'd hit the Phipps Conservatory and then head over to the Carnegie Library for a free jazz program.  Cafe Phipps is a neat little dining area near the front of the Conservatory.  They specialize in locally grown and organic foods.  Their menu is a bit limited, but that's okay.  Makes for an easier decision!  Forgoing my usual wrap or 1/2 pannini and soup, I went for the Lemon Shrimp Nicoise which was basically grilled lemon shrimp, bacon, and a whole bunch of salady greens in there.  It's gotta be healthy!  Coffee here is excellent too.  Oh and they have desserts from Prantl's Bakery!  Mmmmm!  Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!
4	With the menfolk out for a day at the Pennsylvania Trolley Museum, my mom, my sister-in-law, my niece and I decided to have a girls' day out at Phipps Conservatory.   Cafe Phipps has a seasonal Sunday brunch that runs until the first weekend in January.  Cafe Phipps has a lot of your standard buffet brunch items on the menu.  You've got your omelets, crepes, carved meats, desserts, etc.  The thing about Cafe Phipps is they use as many locally sourced ingredients as possible.  So their food is always very fresh.  I'm not one for omelets, but their crepes are to die for and the bread pudding was out of this world.  Yep, you know the drill by now.  Pump that insulin, Susan!  Pump!  So while the boys were off drooling over things with rails, the girls and I had a wonderful brunch.
3	Maybe it's the jet lag, maybe it's because neither Mom nor I liked what we ordered. But I've gotta dock Cafe Phipps a star. My husband Rick and I had been away for a week in Hong Kong and my mom wanted to take me out to lunch when I returned.   Shame Mom and I normally love Cafe Phipps, and since Mom has a membership at the Phipps Conservatory, she comes here a lot.Anyway, Mom ordered the turkey meatball sub with a side of citrus coleslaw and she didn't like it one bit.  I think my mom forgot that she just doesn't like turkey meatballs, turkey sausages, turkey bacon, etc.  As for me, I went for the grilled vegetable wrap which was decent but wildly unspectacular.  And I should have ordered a side of that citrus coleslaw.  But nope, I went for the lentil salad.  I like lentil soup but I'd never had lentil salad before.And I discovered one thing...........I hate cold lentils!  Yuck!  I tried forcing them down, 'cos I don't believe in wasting food, but to no avail!So ya, Mom and I will come back, but now we know what to avoid here!
4	This is a cute place to stop to grab a bite to eat.  We ate here for a tiny snack after our Phipps flower trip, so I cannot fully rate the place because all we got was a Hummus wrap and a green been salad.  However, they were both delicious.  I loved my green beans.  There were onions and cranberries within the green bean salad which added a very delicious part to the plate.The atmosphere of this place is also fantastic.  It is very trendy and clean.  One can see the cleanness based off the fact there is 5 different kinds of cans for garbage.  Very cool and very trendy.  I wish more places were like this.I want to come back here and actually have a real lunch, so I can actually have a good opinion, but based on what I experienced, I would definitely come back.
3	Cafe Phipps has a very upscale cafeteria like vibe.  Located adjacent to the gardens of Phipps, the location is really nice in that you can hit this place up before or after you check out Phipps.  We came here for happy hour on a Friday and were pleased with the limited, yet, extremely tasty drink and food options.  In particular, the fried mushroom/cheese balls were tremendous.  Pricing was extremely fair.  It's essentially self-serve, which isn't a bad thing.  Just don't come here expecting a tremendously upscale dining experience.  It's low key and simple, yet clean and efficient.  All in all, unless you're coming here to check out the Conservatory, I wouldn't go out of your way to make it to this spot.
5	I love the menu at Phipps. Everything is freshly grown and the ingredients open your eyes to some new foods. Last time I went, I had a vegan rueben. I am not vegan but love a good rueben. To my surprise it was quite tasty. Great place!
4	Love the food here. Wasn't real sure about the "healthy" menu, but have been quite surprised. No, it's not a fancy place --- it's a cafe, not a full restaurant. Have tried a variety of soups, and sandwiches, been pleased with everything.(how is it possible to make a vegan Reuben that tasted better than the real thing?)
2	This place seems favored by many people because of its fresh and healthy food. But I really has no feeling for it... The salads have nothing special; the amount of the Phipps Special I ordered is just as much as appetizer in other cafe or so, and taste really bad...(I can't remember the name); the fruit cup is very small and thus pricy. I expected there will be juice in this healthy place, but nope..they gave me soda...the only thing seems ok is the pizza my friend order...Well
4	When the Phipps made great strides on becoming more green and sustainable, they also made a commitment to making the Cafe more healthy and environmentally friendly.  The foods are locally sourced, the menu items are organic and thoughtfully prepared.   For example, it's hard to find healthy options for children, however the Phipps has gotten rid of their high sugar drinks in favor of healthier options.  The soups are quite wonderful, and so are the salads. The Cafe is careful about recycling, too, which I find to be a thoughtful touch. The sunshine streams into the glass walls, this cafe is a good place to change your mood to positive.
4	Absolutely delightful menu!  Gourmet, anything but ordinary.  Quite enjoyable after touring Phipps Conservatory, the jewel of Pittsburgh. Only one tiny request - please carry butter.
3	I had high hopes for the Cafe at Phipps because I had heard a lot of great thins about it.  I am wondering if it was "good" just because of local ingredients and no "bad for you" food rather then actually being a place people loved for the taste and service.We arrived shortly before 2:00 on a Sunday.  Apparently at 2:00, you can no longer order anything from the menu other than the pizzas.  This meant the selections were limited to prepackaged salads, sandwiches and soups.  I was disappointed because there were several sandwiches I was trying to decide between.  There was nothing on the website or in writing at the cafe that showed there was a limited menu at a certain point.  I might expect that if you come in at 4 (when Phipps closes at 5) that they would limit it, but why three hours before closing time?  Beverage choices are limited to the "Pittsburgh Seltzer" or a coffee bar.  The options sounded great - various fruit flavors such as orange and pineapple mixed with seltzer water. However, the day we were there they were out of seltzer, so for the same price, we got very minimally flavored tap water.  I chose the orange pineapple and I'm sure it would have been better with the seltzer and right amount of flavor.  However, there was very little juice added so it lacked flavor.  I drank it anyway, but I heard at least two people go back up and ask for more juice to be added.  I chose the grilled chicken and poached pear salad.  It was served with greens, cucumbers, tomatoes and of course, pears.  It had a pear vinaigrette dressing.  I enjoyed the salad, but it was nothing special, especially for the $9 price tag.  I was glad I don't eat tomatoes, because the ones in my salad were soggy and limp.  It did make me wonder how long the pre made salad had been sitting in the cooler.  My husband ordered the Margherita pizza.  He enjoyed it, but said the dough was grainy and wished there was more cheese.  I also tried the carrot soup.  It was good but certainly not the best I've ever had.  It was a large portion size which was nice.  Overall, not a bad experience, but I expected more, especially for the price.
1	I can't imagine anyone returning to this "cafe" again if what they ordered the first time around was the sausage pizza . Starting with the appearance alone, that "pizza" was  an unappetizing and unattractive concoction. It looked like a big tortilla with some tomato sauce smeared on it and some strange tasting "mystery meat" sprinkled on top.I am not a fussy eater and certainly not one who often complains about the food in "fast food" places., but this was an inedible dish and i can't imagine ever returning there to try other menu items.We did have a great waiter though.  He was  kind, impressive and i hope he can find a work place where he can rave about the food to the customers.  I wonder if the wait staff actually eats there or if they bring food from home.
4	Though it's been while since I've been here, I used to come here with a friend who needed to eat gluten free sometimes.  Although I'm not too big on salads in general, I've really enjoyed the salads I've ordered here.  All of them have been fresh, healthy, and delicious, as well as more creative than those I've ordered from some other local establishments serving salads.  I've also really enjoyed the fruit juices I've ordered here, which are always squeezed fresh.  I appreciate their emphasis on local, in season ingredients, which fits in well with Phipps's theme.  The recycling and composting, as others have mentioned, do too.  The ambiance is bright and clean, given that it's part of the greenhouse itself.  My only complaint is that it can sometimes be difficult to get a table during peak lunch hours, but this problem is nearly ubiquitous in Oakland.  Overall, a great option for people who attend or work at Pitt or CMU who desire a healthy lunch option.
5	This place is a hidden gem and you should eat here even if you aren't touring the conservatory. We ended up here accidentally because the restaurant across the street where we intended to go was closed for a private party. All of the menu items are perfect for lunch - filling, but not huge and healthful without being annoying. I had a salad and sandwich combo. The salad was supposed to have chicken, but they forgot to put it on. When I asked one of the staff, she cheerfully apologized and very quickly brought me the chicken. I had my 10-year-old niece with me and she was able to find something on the menu (an almond butter and berry sandwich) that she enjoyed and I could feel good about giving to her. Right across the street (behind the other restaurant) is an access point to the Schenley Park trail where we went for a hike after lunch. It was perfect!
3	We decided to eat here based on previous Yelp reviews. I have to say I was a little disappointed. There is an awkward cafeteria-type bar set up with a separate coffee/drink bar to the right. A fair beverage warning: they do not serve regular soda, lemonade, or sweet tea at the Cafe Phipps. On the plus side you can get a beer. :-)I had a bowl of tomato basil soup that was fresh and delicious. It came withe some homemade breadsticks, also yummy. I also had a really decent cappuccino. So, while I though the cafe was fine, I just wish that it also catered to more plebian tastes like...Diet Coke.
