5	This place is AWESOME!! Pupusas revueltas are my usual and they are to die for! Ive also had Pollo en Crema-DELISH!! They offer various stews on the weekends that are homemade goodness. You MUST try their famous "Ensalada Drink" which has little pieces of fresh fruit in it-YUM! This is my new favorite place and I am there at least twice a week. Prices are super cheap too! See you there!
4	Just happened to notice this place as I was leaving the food court. We did because we are going to try El Salvador food when we take our trip to California. We have never had it before and we were curious. Everything on the menu looks really good. So we just decided to pick up a papusa. These looked popular because I would u of see people ordering and walking away with several on plates.  The nice girl that works at the counter did tell us the popular papusa was the bean cheese and pork and of course I ordered 1 to go.  She was also nice enough to say that it takes 8 minutes to make I was totally fine with that.  Now to the papusa ...it's a delicious flattened circle of masa filled with beans cheese and pork fried and seasoned to perfection it is served with a side of slaw like salad. I will give 4 stars now hopefully I can give 5 when I go back. And you have guess a the food is authentic if you see people from the old school in groups lining up to eat there.
5	I love this place. Go there a few times a month. The mix papusa is the best. The staff are always helpful and kind and I am so thankful I found this place. My friend has gotten their beef and chicken soup as well. She prefers the beef but they are such hot sellers you have to get there early in order to get it.
4	We Discovered this place by accident, when walking around the mall we got hungry of course!But being tired of everything else we wanted to see if they sold PUPUSAS...which is my favorite Salvadorian Dish...and they do! Delicious!! i usually get "revuelta" ones and my Wife really likes the cheese ones...so now that we found this place we come here often...usually Sundays after church if we are in the mood for some really good pupusas. The staff is really attentive and friendly, they give you this card that's sorta like a loyalty card...and stamp it every time you visit...by like the 9th visit you get a free meal...who wouldn't want a free meal!?
5	Best pupusas in all Phoenix . I've tried many of them and this place is the best hands down. A pupusa has pork and cheese inside or just cheese (WHICH IS HOW I ORDER MINE) its not plain or just cabbage.Regardless of it being inside the mall everyone is friendly, portion is great and prices are reasonable. The food is made fresh. everytime I order it's hot and I can tell it hasn't been sitting out. Love this place. There is a salvadorian restaurant outside the mall by planet fitness...that can't even compare.
4	Awesome food here! (If you like salvadorian food of course) The employees are nice and helpful and fast on serving, their popusas and ceviche is BOMB They give a pretty good amount of food per plate. The price of meals is reasonable and not too pricey either.
