1	Worst Italian food I have ever eaten. Think Chef Boyardee at ten times the price.
3	Went to Ciro's for lunch and ordered the fresh mussel appetizer with the white wine sauce. It was pretty good. The muscles were small, which I like and none of them were bad. The sauce was tasty, but nothing spectacular. I'd be willing to go back.
4	Good food, good service, reliable and dependable.  I take clients there when visiting town on business, and have never been disappointed.
1	I can't speak to the food, because for the first time in years, I walked out. After 20 minutes, I hadn't had so much as a drink order taken. I was willing to be patient, though, until two other tables were seated, and had multiple waiters take drink orders and bring bread. That was the final straw. My companion and I were casually dressed in jeans and plain t-shirts, with sneakers, but certainly not slovenly, dirty, or otherwise worthy of such complete and utter lack of response. The first thing that was addressed to us was as we rose to leave - and that was one of the servers helping one of the tables seated after us, to assure me that "someone will be here to help you shortly." No, thanks.
3	Went there once for a Valentine's Day dinner. Not a big fan of their food but they do have the best Tiramisu in the world! I have yet to find something that can beat theirs. I have gone back but only for dessert. I'd give them 0 stars for their food and all 3 go to their tiramisu.
4	I don't get up to the University area that often, but I've now been to Ciro's twice and overall I've give them 5 stars for service and 3.5 stars for food.I won't reminisce over the first visit as it was quite some time ago, but hubs and I strolled in there to grab a quick bite before heading to a show in Concord. Our server Colleen was fantastic - she seriously should work at Disneyland because that woman is so happy. She was also incredibly friendly, professional and efficient, making sure that we were in and out of there for our show with plenty of time to spare. Beyond the tasty (I presume freshly baked bread), I ordered the cavatelli primavera - an large portion of finely cooked cavatelli pasta loaded with tons of veggies in a light marinara sauce. The pasta was just what I was looking for and the veggies were fresh - my complaint? The sauce was quite bland. Perhaps more crushed red pepper? More garlic? More BAM? Regardless, I had leftover to eat for lunch for another day and for the price, $14.95, it was a ton of food. One an alternate note, make sure you note the price of the specials if you're interested in them...hubs and I were both surprised that his chicken & pasta dish was $22. It was roughly the same portion and similar ingredients to my dish and seemed as if the chicken breast cost added $7 to the price. Strange. Regardless, next time I'm  in the University area I definitely want to try their tiramisu - I hear it's phenomenal!
4	Solid place!  Great lunch prices too.  I had the lunch special here recently which was a Tilapia Puttanesca and it was dinner portion for a lunch price!  A great deal.  And it tasted great.  At first when I ordered it, I immediately regretted it due to my recent reading of Anthony Bourdain's Kitchen Confidential (eating seafood on a Monday or Tuesday after a weekend is probably not a good idea)... but it tasted great to me and I was very happy about my choice.Our server was very prompt and took care of our refills.  Even adding a little color and warmth to our lunch experience.  Almost as if he was a long lost distant italian uncle you've always wanted.  My friend and I cleaned our plates and he came over with a sad expression and said, "you guys didn't like it! [insert italian accent here]"  We had a good laugh.  He was very good about offering us fresh ground pepper for our salads along with the freshly grated cheese over your dish.When you first walk in, Ciro's has a quality about it that almost makes it formal, but it seemed okay for a casual lunch.  I've had dinner here before and don't exactly remember feeling under-dressed... but that was a while back.WARNING:  I enjoyed their bread WAY too much.  Especially when they drop a bottle of olive oil (looks like rosemary and garlic infused) and bottle of balsamic on the table for you to make your own dipping oil.  Be warned.... liquid crack soaked up in warm bread!
4	Solid Italian fare in an environment that is very open and bright.  My wife and I have tended to go here when we could get babysitters for our 4 kids.  The reason:  The best lasagna (according to my wife).  I agree with her that their dishes are all very good.  Best Italian ever?  No.  One of the best in Charlotte?  Yes.  Worth giving a try?  Absolutely.  Every visit is nicely topped off with a cappuccino that makes the meal satisfying.
4	We found this place off of Yelp and after reviewing the reviews my husband and I decided to try it out. We went here to celebrate our wedding anniversary and the food and atmosphere was awesome. I do not recommend to take small children. The atmosphere was very romantic with dim lighting and they had someone to play live music on the accordion.I ordered the house special which was the Whiskey Shrimp and Chicken. This dish was so good, it did not disappoint. My husband ordered the Bake Zitti which was great as well. For both of our meals plus wine and a few beers we paid an average of 60+ bucks. We will definitely go back again with friends and family.
2	again, came here as it was within walking distance of our hotel. the restaurant wasn't very full, but service was super slow for our party of 7. i was really excited for the bread after reading the reviews, and i am the type that can kill a whole basket. i could barely eat one. it was dry and tasteless. then our side salads took forever and a day to come out. we also asked for extra ice and such, but our waitress never remembered. sigh. the salads finally came and it was a normal salad but good as i hadn't eaten much veggies during my stay. i had ordered the special of the day, pesto chicken (but i substituted for shrimp) florentino. when i was given my dish, it was a alfredo sauce. i pointed out to the server that i had ordered pesto, and she replies, yeah i thought that didnt look right. wow sherlock, since pesto is green! she took it back, and it came out a minute later. i think they just threw some pesto in and mixed it up as it came back way too fast. but regardless, i preferred that than having to eat 10 minutes after all my coworkers dug in. my dish was okay, heavier than i had expected (but maybe i wasnt expecting alfredo with some pesto), but the shrimp were huge and tasty. not as much food as i had thought it would be, which was good. i tried a little of the margherita pizza, and it was not good. it was sooooo soggy on the bottom. yuck. but their pizza portions are huge! tried my coworkers penne vodka, and that was tasty!again, probably wouldnt come back, but if i did, id probably only order the penne with vodka sauce. to go.
4	My food was a little burnt on the underside when I first got it, but they were extremely apologetic, took it back, and then brought me back a fresh dish. The second one was perfect. It was a wonderful dinner with my family, and I'd like to go back someday.
5	This place has been around for a looong time- which is tricky to do sometimes in a city that is dominated by chain restaurants.  The reason that Ciro's had stood this test of time is easy:  delicious food in a comfortable atmosphere and good service.  I must say, I've fallen in love with the chicken piccatta- all other chicken piccattas must live up to this one.  Others (who shall remain nameless at this time...) will forever be linked to the AMAZING stromboli.  I don't think I've eaten any dish at this restaurant that would not have me running back for another meal.
4	I believe this is the same Ciro's at 9311 JW CLay Blvd?  First visit with party of 5 for a birthday celebration.  Service was great, Martinis were excellent and I had the best Mahi Mahi with the sweetest freshest mussels in a wine sauce over linguini.  We brought our own birthday cake, but will try the tiramsu on a future visit. The cappucino was excellent.  The only thing I didn't care for was their Italian ice cream (pistachio, ameretto and chocolate mix?)  Frozen very hard and not creamy.  Enjoyed the accordion playing in small doses!
4	A great italian dining experience.I like this place because it's upscale casual.The menu is diverse and the food is excellent.I had the grilled salmon with shrimp with linguini...goodness.The service was great.The romancing accordian player was a bit loud and annoying at times.
3	Overall, good. They have a nice outdoor area, an extensive menu and good food - the tiramisu was fabulous!It was a little spendy though, for what you get. Inside, it was surpirsingly fancy... white table linens, etc. If they'd come down on the formality and the cost, it would be a great place! It was Sunday night when we visited and it was nearly dead. We probably won't return. You can get the same from Olive Garden for less $$$.
4	Went to Ciro's for the first time with a group of former coworkers for our quarterly get-together and was quite impressed...and I'm already ready to go back!I ordered the Gnocchi w/shrimp in a pink sauce.  YUM.  The shrimp were large and perfectly cooked.  Admittedly it seemed as though they were a teensy bit stingy w/the shrimp at first glance, but it turned out to be just enough.  By the time you finish those & the doughy gnocchi you're full!  Also threw in a Caesar side salad & I must say they did a good job.  Dressing wasn't too bland or overpowering.Ordered Chicken Fettuccini Alfredo to take back to the other half, and even reheated it was delicious.  Quite flavorful actually. I will say that they're a little pricey, but it was worth it since it was a ''special'' gathering.  For the gnocchi, fettuccini and one Tirimisu for me (and a soft drink), my total was just over $50 including tip.  Not cheap for sure, but I'll give'em a pass since it was so tasty.Atmosphre was laid back and casual, but not a Red Robin type casual.  It IS a somewhat nicer Italian restaurant after all.  During dinner an older gentleman (we're thinking he may have been the owner?) began walking around playing his accordion.  While the accordion may seem corny, it was actually quite festive & jovial--made me wanna wave my napkin around & dance a bit!If you're in the University Village & would like to partake in a slightly upscale (I said slightly) Italian meal, then head over to Ciro's.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	If you are into the salty over seasoned commercial Italian food, this is probably not the place for you. If you like a place with good food where the ingredients are allowed to have their own flavor, then yes.  We were seated quickly and served with respect. Our food came at an appropriate interval to the yummy appetizer bread. It was nicely plated and tasted as good as it looked.   We ordered a calzone and lasagna. The lasagna was definitely the better of the two dishes. It was even good reheated next day.
5	Great food!  A nice spot if you prefer authentic Italian!  I recommend the manicotti!
3	I dined at Ciro's while traveling for business in Charlotte. We were staying nearby and found the restaurant while walking around our hotel. We ordered appetizers for the table one of which included the fried calamari. While I didn't have any the table agreed it was quite salty. I ordered the gnocchi with meat sauce for my main entree. My guess is that the gnocchi was not homemade. It was good, but not a meal I would go out of my way to have again. The potion sizes are also very large; Split when possible!
3	Dined here recently.  I have been here before but it has been years.  The place has been around for a while so I guess they are doing something right.  Food is decent.  No complaints there.  Service was good as well.  There are better options for Italian food but Ciro's is not a bad one.
1	Had the worst Italian food ever.......
4	Service was phenomenal (had a guy named Nader), food was pretty good but nothing too special, and the decor was very pleasant.  All around a great night.
4	Ciro's is a.somewhat refreshing restaurant single location restaurant in an area of town that is saturated with chain food and fraternity bars. The wait staff is pleasant and the food is also decent.  In my opinion the food was  adequate but left much to be desired to give me a true amazing Italian experience.  I would return. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and seems like a great place for a nice lunch or dinner.
3	I always get nervous when an Italian restaurant brings out less than stellar bread. But Ciros served up some great appetizers (Caprese, Calamari and a delicious Cesar salad) unfortunately as I began to get excited about this restaurant my steak came out overcooked with no flavor.
5	Working in the University area, we bring clients to Ciros all the time.  I have been there at least ten times and I can honestly say I have never had a bad meal.  And I am usually with a large group of 5 or more people.  No one in my group has ever had a bad meal.  Everyone always raves about how delicious everything is.  There is bread served with oil/balsamic which is delicious.  The older man who places the accordion is very friendly and entertaining (although at times he plays too loud...he means well!) Overall, one of my favoriate restaurants in the area.  I am very surprised at some of the negative views, as I am a very picky food person! :)  I can always tell when food isn't fresh, or prepared too far ahead of time, etc.  Never noticed this at Ciro's.  YUM!
4	Excellent atmosphere (accordion player in the evenings) and delicious fresh, hot bread.  This restaurant is on our normal rotation.  Staff is friendly and attentive.   Have tried most of their menu and have always had a great meal.
2	Overpriced and underwhelmed. The excellent waiter could not make up for for overcooked broccoli and sausage over mediocre quality pasta. Pity as I like to support the local businesses.
3	There aren't that many nice restaurants around University but this one is close.  Your basic Italian fare with and accordion player.  The plastic/parchment covers over the table cloth's lets you know right away that this place isn't that high end.  They don't have a website???Don't get me wrong, its not bad, its just not that good.  Its probably one of the best restaurants in the area besides Thai House, now that Melting Pot is closed.  I can't think of too many other places in the area where a college kid should bring a date.The apps were pretty good.  I had the mussels, calamari, and antipasto.  The mussels were a little salty but a pretty good sized portion.  The calamari wasn't quite as large of a potion but was decent.  Light airy batter and relatively tender squid.  The antipasto had ham that could have easily been lunch meat.  The balsamic wasn't anything special either.  I did like the artichokes and parmesan chunks though.After tolerable but uneventful apps and looking at an overpriced wine menu we just decided to walk over to wine vault for some booze and live music and grab a snack later on.Bottom line, its good for the area, but that ain't saying much.  Macaroni Grill may be a better option and I rarely suggest chain restaurants.
4	What do you do when you don't know the area and you have an urging for Italian without the use of a smartphone to go on Yelp? You improvise with the use of primitive 20th Century devices.  Naturally, we used a GPS and found the closest place.  That was Ciros.  What a pleasant surprise.The waiter was professional, polite and on cue every step of the way with subtle humor as well.  Music live by accordion added nice ambiance to the setting.  The veggie calzone was excellent. The Marsala and marinara were a bit in the sweet side.  We concluded sherry but we didn't confirm.  The tiramisu and canolli were huge.  Over the top huge.  Very much made to be shared.Overall, we were very pleasantly impressed.
4	Always a great place with great food. I love the pink cream sauce its a must try.  Wish I could have that at home.
2	Average food, average service. Marinara sauce over spaghetti was far too sweet. Tasted like canned. Italian sausage was bland at best. Wine selection was average and overpriced.  Would not recommend.
5	Had lunch today with clients for whom this was their 1st visit.   They were not disappointed!   Over the past 20 years I have dined at Ciro's and have always been treated as a guest in an Italian home.   Yes, the menu has changed over the years but never have I complained about either the quality or value.   Paulo (who plays the accordion) is a hoot--where else in the QCity will you find this?   Sound too tacky for you?   There's a Macaroni Griile across I85 (yuck).
3	Service was really good. The waitress was very patient with us taking our time to order. Although it took them a while to notice we had walked in and we waited for a few minutes before anyone sat us.  The bread was ok but when you eat it with olive oil and vinegar it tastes good. HUGE portion sizes. Bruschetta bread was very good, but the tomatoes were kinda runny. The tomatoes with the the bread soaked up some of  it so it made it slightly soggy. Still tasted goodI had the eggplant parmesan for dinner which was delicious. An app and main course is way more then enough for 2 people. very nice, family/homey feeling all aroundThe mints they give at the end were delicious
5	I had the lunch seafood pasta with spicy sauce it was outstanding!Big portion for a lunch price so great value!Very good service and atmosphere!I'll be back when I'm in the area for sure! Sorry no pic I gobbled it up!
4	Didn't seen any pizza reviews for this place, so thought I'd take the plunge. Decent looking sit down Italian restaurant on Boardwalk, but also happy to do fast, friendly take-out pizza. Generally New York style, definitely better than average. Great quantity and quality of toppings (ordered pepperoni with sausage one half, meatball the other) and it was loaded (see pic). Beg to differ on the review that said their Italian sausage is bland, as the stuff the put on the pizza had a good little kick. Probably more like a 3 1/2 star pizza, but they get the extra half star for speed, friendliness, topping quantity, and the size of a medium was more like a large for $17. Add-in that this is North Carolina and I'm a pizza snob from Chicago. Solid za all around. Crispy outside, chewy inside crust, good not great. Toppings, cheese, and sauce all authentic. If you're in a hotel in University City like me and in the mood for a good pizza that crushes the chain joints, find a way to pick up one from here. Shame they don't deliver in an area surrounded by hotels.
4	Just ate at Ciro's for the first time although I have lived here nearly 5 years. Ahhhh!!!!  Shame on me. Should have tried this place long ago. Went with some family visiting from out of town and we were all extremely happy with everything. Two of us had simple spaghetti and meatballs. Absolutely delish. One had vegetable ravioli. She raved.  We went very early and the house was basically empty. Service was excellent. Do not know if that was because it was so quiet or not. Regardless, we had a perfect experience all around. I will be back.
4	Good but probably the most expensive Italian Restaurant I've ever been to. The food is good. But not worth the price. We have cheaper and better options like Olive Garden.
5	It was GREAT!!! Paul played the accordion the food was great the service was spectacular, don't drink wine so not sure on the wine lists but I do eat and the food was awesome. I would recommend to a place to sit down to.
