5	If you were asked to think of a Michelin-starred restaurant in Edinburgh, the Plumed Horse in Leith might not be the first to come to mind.  However, you would be missing out on one of the best restaurants in the city if you passed it by.Situated in Leith, the restaurant is run by Tony Borthwick, a self-taught chef who originally worked for the Yorkshire Water Authority until a serious accident in 1987 brought a change of career.  The awards that it has speak for themselves: 3 AA rosettes awarded in 2008; 1 Michelin star awarded in 2009; current AA Restaurant of the Year (Scotland); current CIS Restaurant of the Year.  Now, onto the experience itself.I visited the restaurant yesterday night for a meal to celebrate my graduation.  On the same evening, there was a wine tasting happening in the restaurant, but we were able to be accommodated in a separate room by ourselves.  I'll kick off with the...SERVICEImpeccable service throughout.  I have never experienced such efficient waiting staff, who literally attended to our every need over the course of the whole meal.  Descriptions of the dishes as they arrived were given (although I must admit some of it went over my head!).  They took great care of us during the course of the evening.  One thing worth noting is that in the evening service, they don't turn over tables, so you are guaranteed to have your table for as long as you need it without fear of being moved on.  All of the servers were superbly turned out, and clearly enjoyed their work a great deal.FOODOh. My. Goodness.  The food was amazing.  Some of the best food I have ever eaten was presented before me.  The amuse bouche in particular was delightful, and whilst I can almost remember what it is called, I definitely cannot spell it!  I sampled the lamb for the main course, and it was some of the most tender and flavoursome lamb I have ever eaten.  I could go on and on about the food.  It was....wow!Obviously, the prices are higher than a normal restaurant, but that is to be expected with the quality of the food on offer.  I think that it was worth every penny, and I can't speak too highly of this place.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed by any aspect of the evening.
4	Great night out. Had the set course menu. Some dishes were sublime ( particularly the fois gras with gingerbread) others missed the mark a little. This restaurant has one M star... So it wasn't going to be bad... Lack of a knowledgeable somelier was the main disappointment... There are definitely better restaurants without the star but I definitely go again..
5	Oh heavens above..... if there is a god I would quite safely say he cooked the devine 3 course lunch I had here!My friend and I decided we would go out for a fancy lunch as a little bit of treat, we had phoned the Kitchin and they were fully booked so we decided to go here. I had been eye-ing it up anyway so I did not mind! We arrived, maybe a little late as there were roadworks, and we were struggling to find somewhere to park. But we were warmly welcomed, and told to pick any table we liked!?After coming all this way we decided we had to have 3 courses of course, it would be criminal not to. So we ordered our meals and were eager to start....... until this dainty little plate of amuse bouche turns up. Oh yum! Smoked salom ballotine with caviar, a beetroot terrine with sour cream and black pudding bon bon.  - I hate black pudding, or so I thought. It was sooo tasty!Then my starter of smoked salmon, pickled cucmber, crab and caviar arrived. It was the perfect size and the flavours went together perfectly. May even be slightly converted to cucumber. Then there was the main....... perfect in every single way. John Dory with truffle risotto and a scallop sauce. I would date the heck out of that if it  were a guy..... amazing. And the pudding, chocolate fondant with coffee ice cream. Simple, well cooked, oozey and delicious... and anyone who knows me, the coffee ice cream was just the icing on the cake.I thought the food here was mind-blowing. The service was prompt and efficient, but maybe a little too clinical for my liking, like seriously....... just say something...... anything to me!?!!? And the parking was a bit of a nightmare, but I do not know Leith too well so that may be entirely my fault.I have now come to the conclusion that I MUST keep having lunches like this as they are improving my palate and making me less fussy...... had you told me I would eat Black Pudding and Cucumber and that I would actually like it!? Pfffft, not. A. Chance. But...... Yeay for widening the food horizons, and this place certainly does that.
