4	I recently had the privilege of attending the first wedding at Atwater Library in over 100 years.  It was the perfect space for an intimate gathering of friends and family to celebrate the occasion.  The ceremony was held in a medium-sized room on the second floor featuring a low stage and plenty of seating (this room can be rented for other functions as well for a very reasonable rate).   The receiving line was held in the upstairs hallway and then we moved downstairs to the reading room for the reception. The area in front of the circulation desk served as a dance floor where we danced until 1 AM.  I am afraid I can't comment on the book-related aspects of the library, but it seemed like they had a sizeable selection as well as the standard amenities.Overall it was warm, filled with books, and a tres romantique venue for a wedding!
5	An oasis of mind-nourishing calm in the middle of the noisy,seedy side of the St.Catherine/Atwater area. A large 3 storey old fashioned library,with the probably original wooden card catalogue drawers and heavy,wooden tables and chairs. There is also a fully-equipped tech centre complete with tekkies to help,should you need it. This is the oldest public library in the city,affiliated with the old Fraser-Hickson,the oldest private library. Membership is required,but the cost is nominal and a steal for the 60 plus set; in fact this library appears to go out of it's way to provide interesting workshops,lectures and info seminars for this demographic,at either no cost,or for a very small fee. On the second floor,is where many of the tech, "how to" workshops are provided,usually free of charge,just be sure to reserve a spot in advance. In the basement,and sometimes on the ground floor,you'll find their used book sale,usually books that were donated for this purpose,best sellers etc., all monies are channelled towards their building fund. I found several hardbacked current books for next to nothing,all previously from the stacks!Another interesting tidbit,as a previous posting stated,the library rents its premises for various social functions presumably,another fundraising initiative. They are currently in the middle of a major fundraising campaign to amass much needed money to upgrade the library and have an eleavator installed...VERY needed,especially for the senior set. Great place for some peace and quiet,some tech work for those  without computers,scanners,etc,(there is a charge for these services),tech advice,and just plain old fashioned reading and writing.
