4	The big deal with Capriotti's is the turkey.  It's pulled roast turkey, not cold cuts.  The other crucial component to their sandwiches is they have pretty substantial rolls.  So here's the rundown of what I've had. The Bobbie: Turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce--cold.  It's an interesting combo, but kinda works.  I was sucked in by this gimmick.  I've eaten a few.  I like them.  Grilled Italian: Genoa salami, capicola ham, prosciuttini (peppered ham) & provolone; grilled.  Dang tasty if you're looking for some greasy deliciousness.  Especially w/ hot peppers.  You can also get this as a cold sub if you prefer. Cheese steak: This one is kinda meh.  Not very great.  If you really want a proper cheese steak then go to Big Red's downtown.Turkey sub: To me, this is the real standout.  Pulled roast turkey, provolone, "seasonings," and whatever other veggies.  I like mine with no onions, add mayo, pickles & hot peppers.  Oh boy.  Delicious.  I can eat a 12" and then feel ready to eat the whole thing again.Having gotten to the turkey sub, I'm pretty much sticking with it.  I might try something else at some point but right now I'm kind of hooked on the turkey. Their one final gimmick is that a 12" sub is a medium  A large is 20".  I could almost eat a 20" turkey by myself.  I might just do it in a moment of weakness. The owners of the Cousins franchise around the corner should be a bit worried.
4	Oh, dear turkey sandwich made out of identifiable turkey and not pressed lunch meat, I love you.I am a big fan of sandwiches. I remember seeing Capriotti's on the Food Network, and was pumped to find out they were opening a Madison location. Capriotti's thing is giant sandwiches (a small is 9") and focusing on pulled turkey. We ordered a few different things, and I sampled the roast beef sandwich on a kaiser roll with cheese, lettuce, tomato, mayo, and seasoning, and their signature, The Bobbie - aka Thanksgiving on a roll.I really liked the roast beef. Also pulled, it reminds me of the oh-so-tasty pot roast sandwich that only homemade leftovers have provided me with up until this point. The Bobbie was also good, but I think for me it'd be a once or twice a year thing. The turkey was tasty, the stuffing absolutely delish, and cranberries very sweet. If the cranberries fell more on the tart side than the gooey, sweet side, I'd maybe be obsessed - which is a surprise because for the most part I am all sorts of against mixing up my food. My dad always says, "It's all going to the same place," but I've always been closer to the "my corn can't touch my mashed potatoes" end of things.Anyway, the point is that for $7 you can get a giant sandwich featuring home-cooked-style meat and crunchy veggies. Definitely a step above Subway, Silver Mine, and *barf* Cousins.
4	As other reviews have mentioned, the turkey is really the highlight here at Capriotti's.  I'm not usually a fan of turkey sandwiches, because sliced turkey tends to be kind of dismal, but Capriotti's turkey is pulled and it makes for a delicious sandwich.  The other things I've tried have been good too.  The roast beef is nice, although it doesn't crush its competitors as convincingly as the turkey does.  The Capastrami (hot pastrami, coleslaw, Swiss cheese, and Russian dressing) was a little odd but perfectly edible.  The Swiss cheese was essentially undetectable, but that's okay with me since Swiss is probably my least favorite cheese.All the subs are served on great bread (soft, but still substantial enough to not fall apart after being inundated with mayo and piled high with fixings) and come in one of three sizes (9, 12, or 20 inch).  The prices are very good, so even a sub capable of feeding you for two days is affordable.Capriotti's seems like the kind of place that would do well downtown.  There's not much reason to go out to the far west side where they're located, but if you ever find yourself out there, you should definitely stop in.
5	As a vegan who has recently moved from Los Angeles to America's Dairyland, I literally jump for joy any time I see something on a menu that I can eat that isn't just bread and garnish veggies.  As I pondered their menu this weekend, I noticed the vegetarian symbol next to a "turkey" sandwich.  I asked the girl what that meant, and she said that it was a turkey substitute made out of vegetable protein!  Now, I'm not a vegan who is into fake meats and cheeses, but I'll give anything a chance, and like I said before, was just excited to see more than one option on the menu.  My sandwich came out, and it was massive!  I failed to look at the actual sizes on the menu...so I figured my "small" would be like a Subway 6 inch...wrong!  Nine inches of vegan heaven is what I indulged in.  Thanks so much, Capriottis, for catering to all different dietary needs with your menu!!!  This is definitely going to be a lunchtime staple for me now, as I work right down the street!
5	Wow. Just wow. These sandwiches are excellent. Usually you don't get stuff this good from franchised (fast food) places, but this really blew me away. The prices are a little bit higher than usual ($6.75 for 6', $8 for 12' and $13 for large [can't remember the length]), but not much and the quality more than makes up for it. For comparisons, think Jimmy John's (but better) more than Subway or Quiznos, since the quality is more like a deli than fast food. Finally, like others have said, their specialty is turkey (carved), though they do have other (delicious) options.
5	MUST TRY!!!! I have always loved Silver Mine subs in Madison and I'm not a huge fan of the chains, Subway, Milo's and Cousins...etc. I almost went to Cousins and then I saw Capriotti's when I was driving down the road. I said what the heck let's try it out, I could always go for a good Italian sub, which is what the name sounded like. So I was confused when I walked in, some of the sandwich's looked weird with stuffing and coleslaw and what not. The guy at the counter told me what was on everything and he was super helpful. So I decided to go with the Grilled Italian: Genoa salami, capicola ham, prosciuttini (peppered ham) & provolone; grilled. I should have gotten peppers on it but I got a small and it was huge and the meat and taste was unbelievable. This place is a hidden gem! I came back to the office and handed all my coworkers a menu and said you will thank me later after you go and try it. I will definitely be going back there this week and trying the turkey as the meat is made fresh every day. I was nervous the bread would be hard but it was thick and soft. I have had my fair share of subs in the day, my favorite was Lindy's in Lacrosse but now just 2 blocks up the road from my work is my new favorite place. CAPRIOTTI'S!!!!
5	This is what a sandwich shop should be.  As noted by others, their turkey rocks.  It's actual roasted / pulled turkey meat & not the Oscar Meyer (sorry not a fan) lunchmeat you find at Subway.  Don't even think about getting anything larger than a medium - trust me I've tried & failed.   Attentive staff + fresh & delicious ingredients, = a great sandwich - watch out Cousin's, Milios, Subway, etc...there's a new kid in town & they know what they're doing.
5	By far the best sandwich shop ever!  The real pulled turkey is key.  This not "lunchmeat" turkey, it is the shredded, pulled thanksgiving kind!  The Cole Turkey is my favorite and my family loves the Bobbie, thanksgiving in a bun!  I am so happy there is a location in Wisconsin!  We frequent here at least once a month driving from Beloit, WI.
5	Best fast food joint in Madison.
5	Good fast hot what else ya need for lunch.
2	Going to go against the grain here and say that I'm not a huge fan of Capriotti's.I work very close to this location, and like Christie L's coworkers, a lot of my cohorts may need to enter into a rehab for their Capriotti's addictions. But, I just don't get it.They don't manage their traffic flow real well; there's a huge counter that you place your order at, which is then taken back to the kitchen to be prepared.  After placing your order, you're left to "mill about" as you wait for your food.  There aren't enough tables for the normal lunch crowd, so you're hovering around, waiting for a table to open up.  It's worse if your order is "to go," because there's absolutely no queue to stand in.The kitchen can be a bit pokey; today's order took more than 15 minutes to prepare.  We grabbed our order of 2 small subs, 1 sandwich, and 1 small hot sub and hit the office, $30 poorer.  I've now had at least one item from each "category," and to be honest, they all taste about the same.  I totally appreciate the real nature of their meats, veggies, and breads, but I'm perplexed as to why they're all largely tasteless.  I suspect the bread is the culprit... no matter what I've ordered, the bread has been dry and bland.I don't do oil/mustard/mayo/etc., so my sammies tend to be meat, veggies, bread... and the bread hogs my tastebuds.  Although today's turkey sandwich was exceptionally dry - the turkey was almost chalky, it was so dry.  I roast/bake/grill a lot of chicken and turkey breasts at home, and I prepare them extra clean - no oil, no butter, etc., and mine are never as dry and tasteless as Capriotti's are.Yes, I've tried "the Bobbie," and guess what - it was dry.  Combine dry turkey with dry stuffing and slap it on a dry roll, and see how you do.  I've tried the chicken cheesesteak - it was greasy and tasteless (but at least it wasn't "dry").  I've tried the Italian, and while it was salty, it was dry... you get the picture.Call me what you will, but for about the same money, I'd rather hit Chipotle for a burrito bowl or a salad.  Capriotti's = MEHService = 3.5 stars (friendly, nice)Food = 2.0 stars (bland/dry/tasteless, even the cheesesteak)Value = 1.75 stars ($30 for 4 items and 1 order of chips)MISC = 2.0 stars (poor crowd flow/logistics)If you want a large sandwich/sub that's heavy on bread flavor and not much else, this may be your ticket.
4	Love the homemade turkey, it really fills you up and as mentioned by other reviewers the meat is very high quality.  They  could stand to upgrade the plain iceberg lettuce and offer a large variety of dressings, but these are minor items.While the food is very good, I'm not a huge fan of the ordering system...you put your order in and hang out for them to call your name at tables.  If they could do an assembly line system like every other sub place, it might be a little less awkward.  The parking situation in this complex can suck at times; they really need to expand the lot..
5	I love the capastromi cheese steak is good too! If only it fit with my everyday healthy diet. I'd be here everyday! I always get a large and eat some today n save the rest for later.
4	Oh Capriotti's, why must your sandwiches be so tasty (and borderline addictive)? My journey to Capriotti's was only a matter of time. I hear the buzz of 'free sandwiches' going around the office for a place called Capriotti's at their new location. Alright, I missed that opportunity, but a place that will offer free subs is a place that I need to check out. A few weeks went by and I had forgotten the name (insert sad face). Then my boss comes in with a sub in an nondenominational wrapper (my way of saying it was just a plain wrapping paper - no logo), as he opens it I can smell how delicious it would taste. No sooner did he say how tasty it was (a Chicken Philly Cheese Steak), it was gone. Too good to just let it sit idly? Alright, now I have to try it.So the following day, I made it a point to stop there for lunch. I got the same thing that taunted my olfactory perception the day before. Chicken Cheese Steak, as they call it, is one of their 'hot stuff' options. Back to the office I returned with it, and finished it in a short amount of time! Did this sandwich really just happen or had I dreamt it into existence? Okay, I had to go back again to make sure it was as good as I thought it was.This time I tried their Cran-Slam Club with turkey and cranberries. I missed the part where they said they used three slices of bread. I looked at this thick sandwich and wondered how I was going to fit it in my mouth. Well, don't worry - I figured that out. Surprisingly, the extra slice of bread enhanced the sandwich. I think I was full after I finished it too. It's a tongue twister to order too, I accidentally called it the Cran-Clam Slub (or Cran-Crab Club) - which I'd be interested to try as well.I can see myself returning for more sandwiches, like I said before - they're borderline addictive. Either I need to stop now or just accept it. But, I am only giving this spot 4 out of 5 stars. The rent is just too damn high! Woops (right meme, wrong phrase) - the pricing is a bit high. I can't justify the price to myself to eat there regularly enough for it to become a weekly stop. I do appreciate the 3 sizes that their subs come in, but adjust those prices a bit and you'll become irresistibleThe other complaint I have is specific to this location, the convenience of getting to this location absolutely sucks. One entrance only. First trip here, I turned early and got myself nearly lost in a random neighborhood and had to come back out to find the only entrance. Then when you get into the parking lot, you have to go to the furthest section of the parking lot. Exiting sucks too, I thought I was leaving, turns out I accidentally found the underground parking for the building.Give me easy access and I will surely tell all my friends of the positive experience I had. But when you're annoyed coming in - enjoy a great meal - and leave frustrated with the lack of accessibility, it'll leave you with a bitter taste in your mouth. Not necessarily Capriotti's fault - but they picked that location and they should have picked better.
3	9/3/13 Capriotti's delivered subs to my place of work.  I found the shredded pork and coleslaw sub bland and dry, but the turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sub was tasty.  It was Thanksgiving dinner between two pieces of bread!  :-)
4	When you work on the far west side and forget your lunch at home as frequently as I do... what? OK, I'll start over. When you work on the far west side and you're too lazy to pack a lunch, you get kind of tired of the Milio's across the street from the office. The Cousins down the road is fine, but there's one of those near home for the days when you forget to buy groceries for dinner (yeah, yeah... or you're just too damn lazy to make it). What's left, then, for your traditional sandwich lunch? Capriotti's, of course! Located in a clean, newish space on Junction Road, this place boasts a friendly staff and good selection of sandwich choices. My favorites are the Capastrami (haven't tried it? you haven't lived), the Bobbie (with the pulled turkey and dressing and cranberries, it's Thanksgiving every day sans a Detroit Lions loss) and the cheese steak (add the hots and sweets, or forget it). The service isn't as fast as, say, Subway, but that is offset by the fact that they don't serve sandwiches that taste like cardboard. It's fast enough -- I can drive over, order my sandwich, and get back to my desk without being out of the office for 30 minutes. 4 stars on the sandwich shop scale. If they had a punch card, I'd eat a lot of free subs.
5	I know this place is a chain and all but MY GOD are their subs delicious. Specifically this location for some reason seems to get it right every time. I have NEVER had a bad experience here! Now this location specifically is located in a great place because HUNDREDS of people pass it everday. Every lunch time, its packed. Weekends, packed, some weeknights dinner time, packed. ITS GREAT. This place is always clean, the staff is INCREDIBLY nice and super fast with making the sandwiches. My favorite? The Cole Turkey. Extremely bad for you but you know what? This place is well worth it. Great... now I'm craving it... welp! I guess it's Capriotti's time!
1	Not happy, got there at open to get a meatball sub, I hope I got yesterday's marinara sauce, I hope they would not serve that crap.  It was horrible.  If that's you standard change it, I wasted my money and will not be back.
4	TL;DR Fresh, Excellent Food, no processed deli meats, nice friendly staff and service. Uses Belly Rewards. Good value for $Service: I've always been greeted by a smile and staff is polite and positive. I've never had to wait too long for my order to be prepped. The staff is knowledgeable about their product and will make recommendations for toppings. Atmosphere: The place is clean (i haven't seen the bathrooms) and organized. I've also never dined in, always carry out. The seating is minimal, but comparable to competitor sandwich shops in the vicinity. Bonus, Capriotti's has a TV tuned into news or sports, which is a step up from it's competitors.Food: I've had the Bobbie, the chicken cheesesteak, beef cheesesteak, and Cole Turkey.I've always found the food to be fresh, tasty, and well combined. Let's be clear, don't come to Capriotti's if you are on a diet or don't do 'the fixin's. Capriotti's sandwiches aren't an assembly line product like most chain stores. They are works of gastronomic art. In order to understand and taste the full effect of the art, you don't mess with the product. Get the slaw, get the onions, peppers, and mushrooms, and get the dressings. Not choosing to do so is comparable to viewing Van Gogh's 'Starry Night' without any of the yellow pigments. It's nice, but not nearly as awe inspiring as experiencing it as the artist designed it to be. Major bonus points for using non processed deli meats. 'Real' roasted turkey and beef make a big difference. Listen, when I was pregnant and craving roast beef sandwiches, this is where I'd head. (FYI, you aren't supposed to eat  processed 'deli' meat when preggo. Just in case you didn't know). The meat makes a world of difference. Every time I take a cheese steak back to work, I have at least 4 people drift to my desk asking me what that delectable smell is. So at the very least, you can be the envy of the office lunch crowd. Cons: The calorie count. If I was a lucky person who could eat whatever I want and not gain an ounce, I'd be there every day. But, because you really need all the fixin's to truly enjoy the food, it's a 'once in awhile'' treat for me. While they do offer lower calorie options, let's be real, the reason you go here is for Thanksgiving in a sandwich or a delicious, greasy, cheesy cheesesteak. Pros: Good value for the money spent, at least in my opinion. The small is a 9" and I've never gotten a larger size. For $7-8 at most assembly line chain stores, you get a 6' sandwich with 4 thin slices of processed deli meats. Not so at Cappriotti's. That thing is piled high with meat and fixin's. I always just get a small sandwich and it's more than satisfying and filling. Rewards Program - this location uses Belly Rewards. If you aren't familiar, it's a loyalty program that a lot of smaller businesses use. I use my Belly Rewards at a lot of places I frequent and it pays off: I've gotten free scones, free coffee upgrades, free massage upgrades, and free sides. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a cheesesteak with sweet and spicy peppers, onions, and mushrooms sitting here calling my name.
4	Rating: 3.8Short description:  Sandwich shopPluses:  Decent sandwiches, some unique styles like the turkey dinner version.  Negatives:  Tad expensive, Confused a 'cheese sandwich' with a 'cheesesteak sandwich', but was still very happy with it.Recommendations:  I was really happy with the cheese steak sandwich.
4	We go to Madison a couple times a year and I think we will probably make this a regular stop going forward.   Service has always been good - it's pretty speedy considering that each time we've gone there has only been one person working and it hasn't taken very long for things to come out.  The sandwiches are enormous and very tasty - the last time we were in, I accidentally ordered a cheese steak sandwich and it was absolutely delicious.  The sandwiches come in various sizes but they are all pretty enormous and very filling.  If you are unfamiliar with the area, it may be a little tricky to get to and on one occasion, while the parking lot is big, was completely full and we couldn't quite figure out why but we ended up finding a spot eventually - well worth it once you get to it!
3	I went into this location and was disappointed to see they no longer honor "Belly".  I had been saving points and have 105 ready to use.  Lost all of them now that they no longer are part of the Belly program.  However they still show up on Belly as a location.  Will I stop coming here? Probably not.  The sandwiches are good. Expensive but good.  The 20 visits required to get a free medium sandwich (8-9 dollar value) was high.
