5	22 NOV 2013 pregame Pens vs Islanders!  I would recommend getting there early.  The place was getting packed by 5:30. What a great place to start!  The service was excellent. The wide selection of beers on tap was great! The food was outstanding, had the wings, I recommend the fire and buffalo sauces, the Montreal poutine frites were so good I suspect they have a real Canadian in the kitchen! Make sure you try The Blue Lemieux, my special lady friend loved it! I had two Consigliere cocktails, Makers Mark with Grand Mariner plus simple syrup. It is a man drink made to perfection! TVs, TVs,TVs everywhere!
2	OK, I'm not sure if the first two reviewers work there or what but both Phil Borque and Bill Guerin should get 2 minutes in the penalty box for being associated with this place. I'm not big on reviewing things but I do read what other people have to say so I thought this deserved my effort to help others out.I went there on Saturday afternoon about 2 hours before the Pitt Duquesne basketball game. Attendance there was less than 12,000 so that means the crowd was about 2/3 of a typical home Pens game, and again this was a 1:00 tip hoops game.I took my girlfriend and 3 kids and we ordered 2 salads, 2 burgers, and a dozen wings... so nothing too complicated.  It took over an hour to get our food!! There were waiters wondering around with plates of food asking people if that was their order or not because the table numbering system wasn't worked out yet. ARE YOU KIDDING ME???  And they have these big fancy bottles that they pour water out of but the H2O tastes like it came from the Mon after a sewage overflow... NASTY!So about 5 minutes before we were ready to get up and walk out our waiter, who was very nice by the way, comes out with our food. The house salad was actually pretty tasty but it's $13! That doesn't include any meat or seafood. It's another $4 to add chicken... so that's $17 for a grilled chicken salad. The chicken breast was cut in half horizontally so it looks like there are two breasts, but no, it's only one. It was so small that it looked like they sliced it off one of the pigeons walking around outside.  And it was so overcooked that it was more like pigeon jerky than grilled chicken breast. Absolutely AWFUL!!I asked for my kids burgers medium well and both were WELL done and burnt on the outside.... again, just terrible. I would have sent everything back but we were hungry and wanted to get to the game in time for tipoff.  The wings were very average at best.So if you want to have a few beers before the Pens game, it's fine. The location is excellent obviously.  Just don't plan on eating here... awful and overpriced are not a good combination.
2	This was the first time for me visiting this establishment.  It was busy because of the Transiberian Orchestra concert but there was not a wait to be seated. The first thing I did when I walked in was order a drink.  Stella Atrois $6.15 per draft.  Its a bit expensive, but being downtown and directly across from the Console Energy Center, I expected drinks to be a little on the expensive side.  After I was seated with my party, we were served bottles of water at the table.  I suspect tap water in reusable glass bottles.  After, it took quite a bit for our waitress to come back to take our order. My girlfriend and I started with the Poutine Appetizer.  Again, it took a long time for our food to arrive.  The app was pretty good, but for french fries, cheese and gravy, $10 was a bit on the expensive side.  But again, downtown restaurant so it was expected.  My girlfriend also ordered a glass of white wine.  It was served in a soaking wet glass.  And when she commented on that to the waitress and asked for a different glass, the waitress almost seemed annoyed. For dinner, I ordered the Hangover Cure Sandwich with blue cheese, garlic fries.  My girlfriend had the crab cake entree.  It took almost 45 minutes for our entrees to arrive.  There were two crab cakes about the size of a hockey puck each  (no pun intended) and the cost was $27.  This time, I expected a little but more in the portion department for $27.  When my entree arrived, everything looked great but the waitress forgot my side of ranch dressing.  She then looked at me and said "oh, I forgot your ranch dressing, Ill be right back with that".  Needless to say, she never brought it.  It also took forever for her to bring our check, pick them up, and return them.  It almost made my friends late for the concert.  At this point, the restaurant was dead, so being busy had nothing to do with the time it took our waitress to do her job.All in all, I would not suggest this place.  There are a lot of other restaurants downtown (and just across the river on the south side) that are a lot better bang for your buck and a lot better service.  I will not be going back.
3	I want to start by saying the drinks are nice and food is all good. A group of us were here prior to the Bengals-Steelers game. We ordered the quesadilla (interesting twist on it but tasty) and trying to keep it simple/fast we ordered either burgers or sandwiches. Shout to the person who mentioned the grilled cheese, they're not lying, fantastic recipe. Everyone said their plate & alcohol were great. However a few of the prior comments are correct...it takes a long time trust me. We were seated at 530 and left a few minutes after 7, which would be fine if the pace was on a schedule and even flow but this was like no man's land and then boom we had our beer. I don't care about 20-30 minute ticket times if I get quality but this was excessive. The staff were all very nice so I don't mind going back if they're always that nice. I honestly feel bad for them if they're like this now what the place would be like for a Penguins home game. A Penguin game means literally thousands of dollars waiting to be earned so I'd like to see them under pressure.
1	So our experience at the Blue Line Grille wasn't terrible. But it was definitely bad enough that we will never be going back.First off, our waiter was very inexperienced, which is completely understandable with it being a new restaurant, but it was almost as if he hadn't been trained. He did know which beers were wheat beers (he offered us an IPA, which is most definitely not what we were looking for). He kept hanging around our table when we tried to politely make it obvious that we were not interested in having a conversation with him. After he delivered our appetizers he told us about the dinner menu after hearing from us twice that we only wanted a few small plates and beer, we weren't interested in dinner. He was very nice, but he could have used more training. However the food is the reason we won't be going back. We ordered their Smoked Paprika Garlic Smashed Cheese... Which was just cold chunks of butter and garlic! I'm not even sure it was real garlic and not just garlic powder! How were we expected to spread chunks of butter on the pretzels that accompanied the dip, I do not know. It was definitely not as advertised, I couldn't taste the paprika at all, I think they just added enough for some color.  As for the "smashed cheese", well I think they left the cheese in the kitchen. It was disgusting. How is this considered as signature item??We also got the Parmesan Chicken Tenders, which were SO bland and quite dry. Does this place not know what salt and pepper are? The chicken tenders could have easily been acceptable with a bit of easy seasoning. The mustard that came with them was at the opposite end of the spectrum and absolutely overpowering.If they can mess up on easy items that are just appetizers how can they possible manage to offer full dinner entrees? The prices are way to expensive for what you are getting, the portions are off kilter and the beer slightly overpriced. You would be better off going up the street to Milano's for pizza and beer. You'd spend a fraction of the price and get much better quality food.
2	I want to start off by saying this place has a lot of potential.  The location is great for pre or post game visits at Consol.  I also noticed the main floor had garage door-style walls, and they have a roof top bar, so it should be a great place for drinks and fresh air (one of my favorite combos) in the spring/summer.I visited for the first time today for lunch.  Our party of 4 was invited to sit in the penalty box area, which gave us some privacy and a cool view of some of the autographed hockey sticks displayed on the wall.  The menu was not expansive, but we all found a salad that sounded great after overindulging during the holidays.  I ordered the house salad with chicken, which includes tomatoes, currants, pumkin seeds, gorgonzola, and balsamic dressing.  Or it was supposed to include all of these things.  My dish was served and it consisted of lettuce and chicken.  Lettuce and only chicken.  I dug through the heap of greenery in search for a single seed, a slice of tomato, perhaps a crumb of cheese, but to no avail. To not delay our lunch, I did not share my search expedition with our waitress when she checked on us, and ate what was served to me.  The silver lining is that the chicken was juicy, the spring mix appeared fresh, and the dressing was quite tasty.  If all the ingredients advertised to me on the menu were included, this would have been a very satisfying meal.  However, what I received was not worth the $12 price tag.My only other complaint is that the booth seats in our section were pretty uncomfortable, as they truly resembled a penalty box (no cushions for the rule breakers).Though not the greatest first impression, I would give this place another shot - perhaps for a happy hour in a few months when the cooks/staff are a little more experienced and the weather is a bit warmer.  I bet a few beers would help the seat comfort as well!
4	We visited before a Friday night Pens game in January. We arrived shortly before 5 pm and were told the wait would be about 45 minutes. We proceeded to the bar and stood around with a drink. I was impressed with the variety of selections on draft. The sightlines to the TVs were good and the bartenders were surprisingly efficient considering the crowd.As we watched others around us eat and the hour approached 6, we were doubtful about being able to get a seat and get food before we had to get across the street for the Pens game. We were texted for our seat just before 6 pm and promptly seated toward the back of the restaurant. We ordered right away and our food came fairly quickly, but not alarmingly so (as to think it was waiting for us under a heat lamp). I had the poutine frites and 12 baked wings. Both were good, but I wish there was more sauce on the wings. I'm not sure if it just doesn't stick as well to the baked wings, but the buffalo sauce wasn't as prevalent as I hoped. The jerk rubbed ones were good with a hint of sweetness. The gravy on the poutine was the highlight for me. My other dinner guests had a pasta dish and a salad, both were reported to be excellent.We were able to eat comfortably and get to the game in plenty of time.
4	Stopped by before the Pens game for some drinks and appetizers. Wait was long as to be expected before a home game. Got seated around 615 and made it in time for the game. Service was excellent and the food was so good! The quesadillas are amazing! Was most impressed with how well they handled the large crowd and quality of the food was not affected. Definitely returning in the future. Our waiter even made us balloon animals!
5	We visited before the Royal Rumble - with such a packed place we were waited on quickly and the staff was very attentive to our needs.  We had a large group of people and it was a great time.  The food was good and the beer was reasonably priced.  It is a definite spot to go to before games/events or for a good meal.  Our waiters Matt and Nick were awesome and Casey took great care of us!  I would recommend it and plan on going back soon!
4	I have only been there prior to a Pens game but this is the perfect place for that!  It's right across the street from the American Eagle Outfitters entrance so even if you have had one too many you can still find your way into the arena.  The bar area is very nice with quite a few TVs and there are plenty of tables.  Upstairs is a little more laid back and will be really cool once they finish the outdoor deck going around the building.I only had Doc's Nachos for an app so I can only comment on them.  They were a little lacking in substance but were tasty nevertheless.  The bartenders were very attentive and I had no problem getting a drink within a minute of my glass being empty.  Definitely a place I will continue to support!
2	When this place opened I loved it. Love the owners and the atmosphere. But when there isn't a hockey game forget it. The service is, deleted terrible and put average. Not worth your time unless it 530-7 on pens game day. I want this place to be more consistent but might have to take my friends other places. JT
5	Five because of the staff. Hostess, bartender and wait staff were terrific. There on Saturday evening for dinner while town was still jumping from parade folk. The bartender knew exactly how to handle a few patrons who had too much Blarney and were looking for trouble. Defused a situation which I was watching and thought for sure wasn't going to end pretty.   Now the food, I had the Buffalo Chicken Wrap which was good, wings were also good. Sweet potato chunks were a nice addition. I  recommend them highly! I also tried the Pork Chop sandwich which was tasty. Good draft selection!    Everyone seemed to feel that the food was good sports bar food.
2	Atmosphere was great and people were nice, but those were the only things I enjoyed. The staff was very unprofessional. They bickered with each other, the manager complained frequently about no-shows, and the bartender talked my ear off about strip clubs. The bartenders also had disgusting habits that lead to contamination, such as coughing on their hands before grabbing the rim of my drink and putting tickets on top of glasses. The food was subpar for the price. I ordered the club, which comes with a chicken breast on it. The chicken was fully cooked, but very cold...this was at 11AM so it had to have been cooked the night before and put in the fridge.I will not be returning to this place...I don't want to get sick.
1	Went for the 1st time and the service was very slow. Crabcake appetizer came out late because they burnt it. On top of that my father's burger was extremely overcooked and tasted extremely salty. The fries were also re-cooked. We had two glasses of wine and a beer and the total of all three drinks was $29. A little pricey for a sports bar in Pittsburgh if you ask me. Also the communication between the manager and the servers was poor. Nice atmosphere but overpriced and average food.  Would not come here if in a hurry for a show. Manager was very kind, the only good part of our experience here.
4	Ordered the big guy burger very good under cooked but I didn't mind good prices good atmosphere  waitress was very good and helpful will go back
5	Had a great time there tonight!  Awesome place to watch hockey game / sports, great food (burger rocked and the "the pucks" dessert was unreal!) and cool staff!  "Zoo" was real entertaining and attentive to myself and my 6 yo. Nice to have a waiter who truly enjoys his job and pleasing his guests!!  The outdoor upstairs lounge is way cool and would be a great place to chill with your girl or friends after a game. Good times at the Blue Line and I'll be back next time in town!
4	Fun place to bring a group of friends get a bottle and some apps and chill upstairs on the rooftop look at the city on a nice spring/summer evening/night .. This place is BIG!! Too enjoy it...
5	I was there this past Sunday night for an event and I really liked it!  Welcome addition to the area.
1	Some co-workers and myself decided to try this place out for happy hour. It was about 4:00pm on a Friday.No Pittsburgh Penguins game was scheduled, so the place was dead. A co-worker of mine called to confirm the rooftop would be open today.The person on the phone gave confirmation. When we got there, the bartender treated us like we were sub-human / second class citizens. He looked at us like we were stupid for not knowing the roof wasn't open. "Who told you that? Who did you speak to?" Questioning our integrity about the matter.Then, he stood there polishing the same glass over and over, when it was clearly visible we were ready to order (we were sitting right in front of him).A member of our party had to speak up and say, "Excuse me, we're ready." When it was my turn, I asked for a drink menu and he gave me pause, along with a dirty look. You'd think that I just asked him for his kidney or something. When I pointed to a drink and said, "I'm not exactly sure how to pronounce that, but I want that."He was taken back and said, "Why do you have to be difficult. Can't you just get a beer? You can't even pronounce the name." In a completely demeaning and condescending tone.Now, I'm not socially inept. I know the difference between fun, polite, friendly banter and a guy who absolutely doesn't want to be at his job or bothered to do anything other than polish a glass. He was making these remarks with a stern, serious look and a harsh vocal tonality.No smile on his face, no laughing etc. I seriously felt like we weren't welcomed there. Like we weren't good enough. I just had the one drink and left. I was going to order food but suddenly I lost my appetite.Bottom-line? Seriously the worst service ever. This place is awful. So many other great options surrounding the Console Energy Center and the downtown area that I'll never be back.
1	Unbelievably bad bar service!I want there with a friend for the Penguins game.  It was jam packed, which is not a big deal, because most bars are, but the staff seemed to be not only overwhelmed, but also extremely irritated.  I watched a bar tender argue with a guy at the bar about what kind of sandwich he ordered and what the bartender "heard" vs what the patron "said".  Since when does the bartender argue about a sandwich?  You should have seen the people in shock, because the argument lasted for over a minute, with the bartender pointing to the menu saying "This is what you ordered right?"  It was like some jerk yelling at his kid.  Unreal.  So then, when my friend ordered a beer and tried to get this other bar tender's attention with a "head nod" (you've all seen it, you make eye contact and give the bartender a little nod to let him/her know you want to order), this bartender looked at my friend and nodded over and over with this stupid sarcastic grin, like he was irritated with how my friend tried to get his attention.  Again, me and the other customers were looking at each other in shock...do you really want us to come to your bar?...or would you rather be jerks?So after the beer was ordered, I am not kidding you, but it sat under the tap for a good 3-4 minutes after the bartender walked away, just sitting there.  We were beyond shocked because there was no apology.  Ridiculous.We decided to go upstairs to the deck which is nice.  Its a 4 floor elevator ride and its a total cluster.  People coming out, people coming in.  Its a tiny elevator and you have to wait in line to get on it.  Just not convenient.  Again, the deck is nice, its outside, decorated well, but there is no food up there, just drinks and an inside bar area.  Couches and tables.Overall, I would not go back.  There are plenty of places in the area that want to serve you, not argue or be jerks.  Like the Red Ring on Forbes Ave, or 5th Ave Cafe down the street, or the Marriott, or the Cambria Hotels.
5	We went here as a group, and "on a lark". Never knew it existed. What a wonderful surprise. Food selection was what you would expect at a sports bar, but unique pairings and presentation. The food was excellent. I asked for a special combination not on the menu. Was also done very well. The place was exceptionally busy, but the service was excellent. We will definitely be back, for the next concert.
3	Stopped in by chance as we were walking around Consol Energy Center.  Attracted by the open air seating next to the street. Seated right away as it was a Saturday and the Pens were no longer in the play offs. Ordered the Poutine and it was great along with a pretzel roll/ cheese spread that was even better the next day warmed up. Our chicken pizza was not the best. Thinking maybe it was the sauce and a different pizza may have been a better choice, can't be for certain. Memorabilia was cool on the walls BUT somebody should have known they have hung the goalie pads BACKWARDS on the display. A little embarrassing being right across from hockey arena. Waitstaff was attentive, although not busy. Would like to return during hockey season to see the place thriving.
4	We really enjoyed our time at Blue Line Grille. After work on Friday we were walking around downtown looking for a place for a nice drink. I brought up BLG to Bobby since we haven't been there before. We headed there and our server was great. (i didn't catch his name, but he had the coolest beard) The drink menu is fun and unique but we still couldn't decide. We asked our server for suggestions on the strongest drink & he brought up long island.. why didn't i think of that?! haha. Bobby & I each ordered two long islands & I also ordered the buffalo chicken wrap which came my choice of fresh cut fries. The wrap was great & Bobby ended up enjoying half (order your own food, man!)  We will return for sure!
4	Fun atmosphere. Definitly put a lot of money went into the place. The nachos were AMAZING and this comes from a girl who eats nachos on a weekly basis! Perfect delicious toppings to chip ratio. Oh and while on the topic the buffalo coleslaw was bomb like others should take notes. wow. Managers were also busting ass like in a good way. Super friendly and helping out everywhere. Heavy pours are also great to see when you're boozing. Service seemed pretty hectic but other than that super enjoyable time. Next time I wanna check out that roof top patio!
1	Horrible!!  Absolutely ridiculous!!  Do not go upstairs. Here for Paul McCartney concert at 530 and NO service. I mean none.  I guess it was the first night for the kitchen to be open. After some discussion, they comped our anniversary meal. I never do this. They handled it respectably though.
2	Let me start by saying I was SO looking forward to this meal. Our family researched the menu on BLG website at home as well as in the car again on our way down to the restaurant.  We were attending the Pittsburgh Power football game on 7/26/14. We ordered 2 of the Pork Sandwich only to be told Oh those have been removed from our menu as well as the Peppers appetizer,  Fire and Ice Crepes & the Chocolate cake desserts.. WHAT.. They ALL still appear on the BLG website menu as well as the MENU IN THE RESTAURANT...The saving grace was our servers Zoo and Katie.. They could not be more apologetic and helpful.  The only reason I am giving this a low rating because of the lack of items we were looking forward to. The meal was good but the servers were the highlight of our meal..Would I be willing to give the restaurant another chance.?? Perhaps if they get a menu that can be sold as it APPEARS in all print outlets!!!!
2	Ok service. Food is marginal. Had the lobster roll. But it had too much mayo on top which masked the lobster. Had the nachos as an app and they were pretty plain. Cheese was weird.
3	3 stars for the drinks and the amount of fun we had during our dining experience but 2 stars maybe even 1 for the food. I was excited to dine at Blue Line for dinner as I had only been for drinks. Our waiter was awesome and kept checking on us and quick to take our order. They have lots of great draft and bottled beer. I started off with the Fatheads Bumble Berry at a great price of only $5.50.  My date and I decided to share a large pizza which was plenty of food for the both of us. It took a long time to come out and was the worst pizza I had ever had. The dough was not cooked and the cheese was covering all the toppings-we got pineapple and bacon. It was like they knew it was a terrible pizza and thought a bunch of cheese on top to cover it up. The tomato sauce was running everywhere and watery. I was glad I also ordered a side Cesar salad to go with the pizza as it was almost inedible. It was Tuesday Trivia night (the last of the season) so we decided to stay and keep drinking. We had a blast and the host was fantastic.  Overall a fun night but very disappointed in the pizza. I will go back and hope the food is better!
1	OK came here before the Fleetwood Mac concert. Really hate to see a bartender eating during their shift at the bar and not washing their hands. I understand needing to eat, but do it in the back of the house. Not while you are pouring drinks. Kinda grosses me out. Hostess stand is the favorite hangout for staff. Often more noisy than the customers before it got rockin busy in there. Now the food. Ordered the poutine frites. The gravy was super thick, lumpy and not much flavor. Not worth the price at all. I got the BLT avocado salad with tuna. Presentation was very lacking and I expected a nice sear in the fish. It looked like it was thrown onto a cold flat top. Lots of bacon and ripe avocado but very few tomatoes. Overall could have been much better. My mom got there signature burger. It was overcooked, very little Cajun seasoning, and since she got the wild mushroom side dish they decided to put some mushrooms on her burger. The sauteed wild mushrooms for $6 had no flavor and looked old and reheated. I regretted getting a side of them as I love mushrooms. The kicker is we only ate there, only water at the show and we ended up not feeling so well. Fun for cocktails but I don't recommend the food... at all! Kinda sad the place is nice and has a lot of potential.
1	Nice building and good menu variety. We were the first customers of the day. The food was poorly executed. Some of the food was overlooked and come was cold. Something was spoiled.
5	Place was empty (but there no event at Consul Energy Center) but the food was awesome. We had burgers (cooked medium rare) and they were thick, juicy and delicious. Awesome topping options. My girlfriend had the BLG fries which were tossed in garlic butter (they were not greasy) and bleu cheese crumbles. They were so good!!Tons of beers and drinks to choose from. Seems like there are half off appetizers ($5) and drink specials often. Our waitress was helpful and friendly.
2	I stopped in for lunch while on a break, it wasn't busy and I was seated right away. Looking at the menu, I had high hopes for the establishment. I decided on a grilled cheese and BLG fries (blue cheese and garlic butter), I figured they would be similar to the Gorgonzola truffle fries that burgatory offers... Not even close. My plate was a pool of grease which coated my tongue and I couldn't taste anything. Everything on my plate was one note...oily.I ate it because I was starving and had to get back to a seminar but I won't be returning. The Blue Line Grille appears that it would be a great place for hockey fans to grab a brew and catch a Pens game just don't order the food until you discuss it with your cardiologist first.
3	I had been to Blue Line multiple times before last night,however,last night was the first time I tried any of their food. And I must say, I was actually surprised that, overall, everything I tried was very tasty. My boyfriend and I were meeting my brother here while he was in town for the penguins game, and it was packed because of a concert at consol that night. We did a lap around the bar and came up empty so we put our name in (45 min wait) and grabbed a table at Uptown to get a few drinks first. Personally, I think Uptown has the better drafts than Blue Line and I was surprised to see there were so many on upstairs that were not on tap downstairs. We were seated at 7pm, which was exactly what we were hoping would happen since the game began at 7pm. Our server came over quickly and got our drinks. We started off with the Poutine which was pretty good. Not overly salty at all (like Station's street was when they were open) and just enough cheese. The gravy was on the side which I lied that touch so we could all put our own amount on. I wish the fries were a bit crispier but it was still good overall. My brother had the buffalo chicken wrap, my boyfriend had a burger, and I had the chorizo and wild mushroom quesadilla. They both liked their meals and mine was surprisingly one of the better quesadillas I've had in awhile. After our meals came service pretty much stopped though. My brother asked for more water twice and never got any. I ended up letting him drink my untouched glass and he also ended up drinking my boyfriend's water as well. The server did bring beer when we asked and a box but apparently could not be bothered with bringing more water. Mark Madden was actually at the table next to us and had a personal buffet set up for him. Besides his annoying commentary the entire game, everything else at Blue Line was positive enough to return in the future.
2	Stopped at this restaurant with my kids after the Harlem Globetrotters event dec 26th.  I was looking forward to trying it since I had heard about it.  We came about 7:50, and were seated by the hostess after she gave us our menus.  When the server came he said that those menus stopped at 8:00 because the kitchen closed, and he gave us a bar menu with limited items.  Also, the server was somewhat pretentious.  He couldnt understand what a B & B was when I ordered the drink, and came across as if I had no idea what I was talking about.  The food was nothing to write home about.  I am amazed at reading all of the negative reviews that the response is the same, "sorry you had a bad experience", etc, but if I were the manager I would wonder what I could change because of it as there are so many.  Great to apologize, but I wonder if anything changes...would not recommend this restaurant
2	The stars are for our server who was very nice. The food was bad, not going to sugar coat it. We each got a buffalo chicken wrap and shared nachos. They forgot to bring the app first, but stuff happens. The wraps were just plain bad and didn't even taste like buffalo sauce. I'm not sure how you mess up a buff chicken wrap, but they managed. The nachos were cold and simply not good. A bunch of gloopy cold cheese? No thank you. Overall a good location, but the food was bad. That was the first time we ever left nachos on the plate!
