5	I was introduced to lashes by Carmen, by a girlfriend at work about half a year ago.  I am so obsessed with my lashes! They make such a difference! Carmen provides an amazing service at the best price in town! I received a full set in February and get fills every 2ish weeks since. I get so many compliments and have referred so many of my customers and girlfriends. She has an amazing referral system too. Call or text Carmen to book appointment. Carmen will give you flawless, gorgeous lashes in which you will receive compliments daily, I know I do!
5	I had been talked into becoming a "guinea pig" for a friend-of-a-friend.wanting to get more experience in lashing. I was a good candidate because I have five, short eyelashes on one eye and maybe 11 on the other (or so it seems).Never having done this before, I didn't realize at the end that the glue shouldn't be so thick that it scratches my eyeballz with every blink. Ouch!The next day was even worse. Red, puffy and desperate I hit YouTube to see what "normal" is supposed to look like.Let's just say...it wasn't me.So of course, I Yelped. A lot of places showed up, and even though Carmen only had 3 reviews, I visited her website and was sold because of her mission statement. (You'll just have to look it up)She got me in on a Saturday after I explained my situation. Never said one single negative about the state my lashes were in. Made me look like a rock star. The world needs more people like her, in every industry.Go see her.
5	I am addicted to looking fabulous all the time! Carmen makes my lashes long thick and beautiful! I am a fitness instructor/ dance teacher and don't always have the time to put on make up in the morning. Carmen does an amazing job. Her prices are fantastic, and her work is beautiful! HIGHLY recommend her!
5	Carmen is very professional and does an amazing job!! Beautiful work and lashes look Fabulous. No problems with the glue or lashes looking FAKE. If your looking for the BEST LASHES in ARIZONA you must come see Carmen. She is also very affordable.
