5	They do a great job!  Staff are very friendly and helpful!!!  This place is about four acres! Plants, trees, herb gardens...  They will tell you where to get it even if they do not have it!!!
4	Looking for some luscious plants to add to your landscaping? Roundtree is a huge garden center fully stocked with fruit trees, decorative plants, edible garden plants, flowers...the list goes on and on!When you first arrive, it looks like a regular nursery. However, once you start walking around it becomes more impressive. There is a huge retail section and it's a hidden gem for gifts to suit everyone. They have locally made soaps, candles, birdhouses, and lots of other cool things...like an antique trunk or wooden planters.For a flat $75, they will deliver to your door. Also, they have plenty of staff on hand to help you. If you're not sure what you want, you'll still have a fun time roaming through their space looking at all their healthy plants!It's a locally owned nursery and while you may think they are pricer than big box stores, they are slightly comparable. I found similar items at a big box and it was only a couple dollars difference.
1	We recently purchased some plants that were of good quality; however, after reviewing the invoice, we realized that there was a major pricing difference from what we had expected.  We are in the industry so this is very uncommon for us.  Not only would they not work with our issue the General Manager had the gall to hang up on our staff.  When calling back he admitted to hanging up on us and said he would do nothing and then hung up on us a second time.  They must have plenty of customers to be able to treat folks this way.  Extremely poor service - would not recommend to anyone.
4	Where the professional landscapers go and worth the drive to get there.  They have everything and lots of variety in potted plants, trees, shrubs and flowers.  Also a good selection of mulches, fertilizers and those smelly chemicals to kill pests and encourage growth.Most importantly, they have experts there to guide and advise you.  If they don't have it, they will tell you where to get it.  And they also have people who will help you load your car with those heavy bags and plants.I don't know quality, but our landscaper buys from Roundtree exclusively.  Our beds and yard plantings are full, fresh and healthy looking when he brings them in.  You just have to be impressed and once they take root, they grow well and full.
5	This is the best nursery/greenhouse in all of Charlotte!!  The staff are all very knowedgable and care about your happiness with the plants you choose to grow.  Staff members come from all parts of the US and bring plants and seeds with them to share with customers   I recently bought broccoli that the greenhouse doesn't normally grown, but one of the staff brought it from Maryland.  I was very excited to try something like this in my garden.  Their selection of organic fertilizers, flower bulbs, plant seeds, pottery, and hospitality goes on for miles, much like their greenhouse.   I am sure you will be surprised when you see it for yourself.  I have been shopping here for a year now, and have tried other places for the sake of comparison.  After many other negative experiences at other facilities, I will never go anywhere else but here!!  They also maintain a large selection of herbs and fruit bearing trees.  The bird baths inside the greenhouse are peaceful with the water that flows from them.  I hope you find the motivation and happiness that this greenhouse brings me when you visit for yourself.  Happy planting!
