1	My Sister and I had lunch at Bobo China up the street and decided to get a pedicure since we were out, also is more fun when you have a buddy along. So we cruise down Sahara looking for a nail shop as we did not have one in mind. We thought would stop somewhere in the neighborhood to save on travel time. We both got pedi's. They advertise $25 pedicure and $30 for manicure/pedicure combo.The pedicure itself was simple and easy, some filing and a nail polish application. There was not really much extra to be done as the lady working on my feet even commented on how well my feet are taken care of, smooth and soft. I felt cheated and honestly it was the fastest and shortest pedicure I have ever had. I was not impressed, they have cheap polishes as my toenails chipped the next day!They are NOT honest about their pricing. My sister got a simple clear coat french tip, which is simply white nail polish painted on the tips of the nail. The nail technician did not inform my sister would be $5.00 extra.So we pay and leave and as we are literally to our car the lady runs out after us screaming as if we had robbed a bank. She stated my sister owed her $5.00 more  because the lady who charged my Sister's credit card did not know to charge the extra $5.00 for french pedicure. We were in shock, I just remember my Sister and I looking at each other in disbelief!Wow, I was livid and took a step back and decided in a nano second this was not the time to wig out and tell someone off. Also did not want it to ruin our Sister's day out, we had just had lunch and sis is preggers so need to keep calm.I should have told the greedy nail shop employee how unprofessional that was to do and that she should have let the $5.00 go, not to mention we just spent $60 bucks in their shop. It was after all their error, they quoted a price and my sister paid it, to run after us like we just stole their freaking newborn baby was uncalled for!My Sister handed over the extra $5.00 while we are standing at the car. My Sister should have told her to take it out of the tip she was left!These idiots lost our business for good! They can kiss our ass! With greedy and shady pricing we will not be spending another dime in their shop.Horrible service and lousy pedicures will not keep them in business considering there are so many other shops in town. Just like Bank of America, who is the Mc Donald's of banks there is one on every freaking corner!SCANDALOUS! SHADY BUSINESS PRACTICES, THEY ADVERTISE $25.00 PEDICURES AND DON'T INFORM OF EXTRA CHARGES THEY TACK ON!BAD SERVICECHEAP POLISHCRAPPY RUSHED PEDICURESYOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
5	This place has service beyond greatness! It is extremely clean! They have it all! Hair AND nails! All the workers are extremely nice and helpful. My son needed a haircut before his concert and he loved it! They took very specific requests! I honestly can't recommend a better place! My daughter and I loved how they did our nails! If I could, I would give more than 5 stars! Definitely a great buy! Pedicures 10/10Manicures 10/10Haircuts 10/10Facials 10/10
5	This place is a secret little gem! I stumbled upon it in search for a nail salon close to my mom's house and mis-read a banner for another nail salon close by, I walked in and was greeted by the super friendly nail tech! On top of the nice setting and great service, they have GREAT prices, they have tons of glitter tips for acrylics (which they put get top coats on!), they have several colors to choose from for gels, good pedicures and will do acrylics on both big toes for only $8. When I do get a gel Mani/Pedi or the glitter tips & Pedi with the acrylic big toes...they always throw a design on 2 fingers or toes for FREE!!! Even better, they offer inexpensive waxing, facials, foot massages!And by far, my absolute FAVORITE part this place also has a salon (which I haven't used for cuts, colorings, or styles yet)...but its SUPER inexpensive to get a wash and blow out - AND the she gives me an AMAZING scalp scrub/massage for more than 30 seconds like regular salons! To rave even more, my hair is LONG & THICK which usually results in higher prices at standard salons, but not here! Rock bottom prices for outstanding, above and beyond services, I think she charged only charged me $10 for the wash & dry...maybe $15! My mother is from Taiwan and when I go back to visit, that's one of the things I look forward to when I go...getting my hair washed, because they always include an extensive scalp & neck massage as a part of the price (super low) and its standard everywhere you go! Almost impossible to find in the states, even if you try to pay more! I'm SO GLAD I FOUND THIS PLACE!!! I work as a bartender at a nightclub and I was SO thrilled about this place, I took my General Manager there to get her nails done, she's used to expensive, high end salons, and was SO IMPRESSED by their work and their prices, she now is a huge fan as well! Tips: Closed on SundaysTry a hair washIf you like glitter gel tips, the glitter tips with acrylic and gel top coat are amazing and less pricey than the same look for gels alone! Walk-Ins are welcome, but there are generally only 2 ladies working, might be advisable to make an appointment just in case!
