4	Rib'N'Reef is part of the staple steakhouses in Montreal along with Moishes, Queue de Cheval in which you won't get out of there with a bill less than 80-100$ per person if you eat a 3 services with wine.  You will get valet service even if you are the only car in the parking.  Without a doubt, there is no lack of service there but you do feel that it is a little bit snobbish though.  Apart from these details, I must say that for the few times I went there, the food is top notch.  Like the other steakhouses, they welcome you at the table with pickles, coleslaw, grissini and bread. The tartare, caesar salad and the Chateaubriand are prepared right in front of you like the traditional way. They bring the ingredients to the table and the show begins! Good place for a special occasion, i won't go more than one or twice per year with this price!
5	Now I am not going to tell you about how great their steak was in this great steakhouse which was served with complimentary cole slaw and pickles because that's a given I am going to talk about their fish which was incredibly fresh and cooked perfectly with a drizzling of the finest Greek olive oil which BTW was also used to make us a Caesar salad table side from scratch that warrants a visit to this restaurant alone. We were so impressed with the Bass which was large enough to share and so flaky and juicy that the Rib 'n Reef has now become our go to restaurant when we are looking for a place that satisfies all our friends diversified palates. Service is first class under the direction of Mr.Hamad and they have a wonderful Cigar Lounge upstairs where we had our digestifs and a Cuban cigar. Try it for he fish you will be quite impressed I know we were !!!
5	Love it. Love it. Love it. My steak is dead on every single time. Staff are friendly.
5	The Rib 'N Reef is barely even a stumble from the orange line which makes it pretty much perfect in my books already. Came here for a birthday party and our waiter looked like a Latin Gene Simmons so I knew that we were off to a good start.I had the sesame crusted tuna which was done to absolute perfection: I'm talking fall apart in your mouth, amazingness. I had the mashed potatoes as a side and they were tasty as well. Only had a bite of the birthday boy's chocolate cake for dessert but it was completely awesome: not too sweet and had a crunch of something yummy in the middle, no way I could have eaten an entire piece to myself, but the bite was soooo good.My dinner mates ordered lobster (it was fantastic), filet mignon which looked delectable and the roast beef...it was HUGE and they all pretty much polished off their plates. Great wine list with some really unique items, nice ambiance, fantastic service...you will not regret dropping some coin here!
5	Um, I'm going to go with glorious, though definitely surprising off the highway up there by Decarie. Seriously though, go there for friendly dignified service from attentive men in suits who make the tartare and salads table side; dish up baked potato fixings from silver serving dishes; compliment your wine choices; hand you hot towels when your done; make you feel welcome ever if you are wearing a baseball cap or making inappropriate jokes. (Which I never do. Honest.)More importantly; delicious. Perfect lobster tail - I only risk ordering this when I think there's a very high probability it will be perfect and it was, oh yes it was. Most of the manly men at our table ordered the roast beef and appeared gleeful at the size and flavour of the great beast that came. I didn't taste it though, too busy cracking tail and high fiving my new pickle friends. Did I mention the bowls of big fat pickles on the table? Because that's gets you close to 5 stars right there in my book. Great time with wonderful people, will gladly return. Thanks to the wise Yelpers who introduced me to Rib 'N Reef!
3	There is nothing trendy and pretentious about the Rib 'n Reef.  It is just good and that's it!  Having the Caesar Salad prepared at your table was nothing special, in all honesty, I'd rather the cook do the cooking and the server do the serving, but the taste was amazing.  It is really good, really strong (garlic and flavourful), but really good!  I had the juniour cut of Prime Rib cooked medium rare.  It was perfectly cooked, but I should order medium, as it just is never hot enough for my liking,  Still, it was a gorgeous cut of meat.  It was served with green peas, which did nothing, but looked right.  The beef was tender and I truly enjoyed every bite!  I also had a side of garlic mashed potatoes.  They were not warm enough and not all that special.  I look forward to visiting again!
4	The food is very good and love that it has a cigar lounge behind a 'star-trek' like door.  I take clients and my sales reps there for celebratory dinners and the experience is solid 4 stars for an upscale surf 'n turf.
2	From the minute I walked in, to minute I got into my car, what I experienced was definitely not something I expect when I go out to restaurant, let alone a restaurant that is supposed to be one the top steak houses in Montreal.1. When we first walked in, I spoke English with the service staff. When she brought us the menus they were in French. This was not a big deal, and is a detail I can easily forgive. However it was precursor to the rest of the night.2. When my Junior Cut Rib Steak arrived, the plate had blood all around the contour. How a steak house as renowned as Rib N Reef can let a plate go out without resting the meat is beyond me. I was in a rush and did not want to wait for another piece of meat, so I simply ate what was brought to me. When I go out for a steak, I expect it to cooked properly and rested. Even a 10$ steak at Chenoy's would never be served the way mine was. This was unacceptable and it was at this point that I told myself I would not be coming back to this establishment. 3. When our check had arrived, I noticed that the server had charged me for a Filet and Shrimps, 2 separate items. When in fact my wife ordered the combination of shrimps/mignonette. The way that the waiter charged us ended up with the bill costing 6$ more than it should have. The money is not the point, the principal is. Looking at the bill, the price difference was not going to change the amount of money I left as I had no plans on asking for change. I decided that instead of giving the waiter a bigger tip, ill simply leave the bill as is and just walk out angry. Again, this reinforced my earlier decision that I would not be coming back to rib n reef.4. The icing in the cake was when I got my car back from the Valet. When I got in my car I notice that my seat has been moved. This is the first time a valet has ever moved my seat. I asked him if he moved my seat, as i wanted confirmation and he said YES!! Finally, I sent an email to the address they have on their website, describing how bad my experience was. I even attached a picture of my plate (covered in blood). I was not looking for any compensation, as I really don't plan on going back. I simply wanted acknowledgement. It's been 5 days since I sent my email and have still not received a response.Horrible service, in and outside the restaurant.
1	Horrible snobby service. Took forever. Just wanted a drink with a coworker on a great looking terrace while visiting Canada. Decided not to eat there even after we read reviews of other experiences.
1	Never again. The food was decent, but way overpriced for what it was. The crab cakes were cold. The chateau briand was cold. The vegetables were soggy and cold. But wait....there's more! The service was probably the worst that I have ever received in my life. It was slow and the female older server that did the table-side service needed a serious attitude adjustment. She was just plain rude, and was a complete wench when we asked a question about the menu. Isn't that your job?!?! Save your money - there are much nicer steakhouses to go. Stick to Gibby's, even the Keg is better. Hell, I think I would gotten better service at La Belle Province.
4	For steak lovers, this is a good place to go to!! The service is sometimes slow but hey, it's not their fault! We Miss Pedro & Johnny...that's why we don't visit as often anymore since they aren't working anymore. In the summer, their roof top terrace is amazing! The food and wine is good, but sometimes the steak can be overcooked. No problem, just send it back. Their mini burgers, mac and cheese and calamari are my favourites! They have an extensive wine list and have a wine for everyone! Cheers to Peter and his team!
2	I went there on Feb 15th with my girlfriend for a valentine's dinner and we were both unhappy with our experience. I've been to Rib N Reef once before and it was good, but this time around our waitress was rude, the 28$ ceasar salad was NOT good (they didn't charge me for it since we didn't eat it). Now for the best part we waited close to 2 hours to get our main dishes! I took a 14 ounce steak cooked medium and my girlfriend got the 10 oz Filet mignon medium rare, hers was beyond rare...she couldn't eat it. For 2 people, ended up being 160$ with tax and tip (NO WINE!!). I love paying for high end cuisine but this place simply cannot compare to 40 westt.The worst part was how rude they were to me, after telling them I wanted to see a manager, my waitress told one of her friends (another waiter) he returned shortly and tells me out loud oh don't worry ill throw in desert on me(in a very rude tone). After paying 160 for possibly my worst dining experience it's pretty clear I will never be returning to this overpriced, snobby/rude staff infested restaurant. The fact that a manager doesn't make it right for the customer is beyond me in such a high end place like this,Stay away.
5	We had the the most fantastic meal out first night in Montreal. We started with the table side Caesar salad. I could have eaten the whole bowl myself. This is the only way a Caesar salad should be had. My husband had the sirloin done medium and he said it was perfect. I had the jr rib eye and it melted in my mouth. We shared the fresh spinach with olive oil and garlic and the poutine with pepper sauce. Fabulous!! He had the fresh sherbet as I could not eat another bite. We each had a glass of red wine. The cost of dinner was on par for other steak houses we have eaten at in NYC. Don't miss this gem right on Decarie Blvd
1	This is the worst Chateaubriand  ever presented at a table At $84.00  not to serve Potatoes they charge Extra and vegetable serve raw ???It is a disgrace to chateaubriand loverMeat excellent If I wanted meat only I would of ordered A filet mignon   And ask for side orders To garnish my plate This is why I ordered chateaubriand To surprise my wife What a deception  to the  MAX ......
2	I just came back from the Rib n Reef in Montreal with a number of friends who go to this restaurant fairly often.  This was my first time.  I was very disappointed.  However speaking to my friends, they told me that my issues with this place, although well founded, are not typical of the restaurant.For a steakhouse charging the kind of money they do must do a better job with their service.  My friends ordered a Cesar salad that is prepared at the table.  Well, if prepared at the table, I would expect that the person preparing the salad concentrate on preparing the dish and not multi task with the rest of the staff and instruct others on administrative matters.  The same thing happened when my friends ordered 2 Brazilian coffees.  The person preparing the coffees was busy with collecting cash from other tables, having some of the wait staff place glasses at a different table, and then stop the "show" and serve the others at our table our regular coffee.  They should pay attention to what they are doing and make the experience a nice one.At the end, there was a few mix ups with the bills and it just created to the overall disappointment with the service.Finally, one last comment, my roast beef was luke warm when it was served to me.
