4	For fifteen bucks you sure can't beat this for a haircut! The interior was actually quite nice and not what I expected from a beauty school. The person who cut my hair did a very nice job and gave me the cute bob that I asked for. A lot of the girls going to school there had cute cuts so it's good inspiration if you don't quite know what you want.  They also carry a large variety of products and provide all kind of different services. What I didn't like were the glaring fluorescent lights above the shampoo station. Not very relaxing. I plan to return for my next cut though and will keep my eyes closed during the shampoo.
5	For years, I have spent way too much money getting my hair done.  And then I discovered an ad for Kohler Academy in a local magazine.  I've been getting my hair done there for over a year now and refuse to go anywhere else.  You can't beat $25 for a cut AND style!  Plus, the students aren't allowed to accept tips because I guess that's the Academy's policy.  Trust me, I'd tip them if I could ;)  as I get NOTHING but compliments after I go there.I know many people who are afraid of going to beauty schools.  Get over it!  These students are very well supervised.  A teacher checks at least twice on the progress.  The facility is very clean and the students/staff are nice.They have extended hours through the weedays and are open on Saturdays (a major plus).The only thing I don't recommend getting done there is an eyebrow wax.  There's nowhere to lay down, so you have to tilt your head back while you get waxed (which is no fun for the neck/shoulders).  However, I'm still giving them 5 stars because I've had nothing but spectacular haircuts there.
1	I've gotten better haircuts at great clips for $20.the girl had no idea what she was doing, and took 3 1/2 hours to cut mine and my friend's hair. and our hair is short. i have a mohawk. could it be that fucking difficult? apparently it was, because i walked out of there with a very uneven, too-symmetrical, crap cut.  the stylist lacked confidence and only after 3 hours of turtle-like speed cutting, did the instructor step in and finally finish my friend's hair. if you need a basic haircut, go here. this place is a glorified super cuts.
4	Why pay more? You can't beat this place for the price!This is the only place I go to get spa services! I have been going here for almost 2 years and it's great. I used to go to all the expensive places (i.e hotels and specialty salons) and spend hundreds of dollars for treatments. I recommend the body treatment and the spa facial especially. They do a great job on eyebrows too. Positives: price, friendliness, you feel like they take time to help you, they fix anything you don't like, no tipping. Negatives: sometime haircuts take longer than normal and If you get a body treatment the service are provided in one large room with curtains dividing clients. Sometimes it's annoying if the person next to you doesn't shut up during their treatment.
4	This place is hit or miss. I've gotten one of the best hair cuts of my life here and I've also gotten some so-so cuts too. At least I haven't gotten any really bad cuts or color so that's a plus. They are dirt cheap but still use good quality products and when I've had my hair colored there it's lasted a long time. Some students are very professional and strive to do their best and others student stylists I've had were more concerned with what was going on with their friends and goofing off than paying attention to how they were doing my hair. Sometimes the instructors will come over and check on them and twice I've gone in & there was no instructor giving instructions or checking on their work at all which isn't good since they are supposed to. Usually how it works is you sit down & the student asks you what you would like. The student grabs an instructor and explains the game plan. The instructor will give tips and ask how the student what techniques they plan to use and what color they plan to mix, etc. Then the instructor signs off on a paper and then checks in during the middle of the service. After the service, the student grabs the instructor so they can check your hair and critique or change things if necessary. Then the instructor signs the page again and you are done. If you are lucky, that will be the routine when you go. I've had a pedicure and manicure there and they are very mediocre. The student doing my nails was very upset she was scheduled to do nails that day and so it was quite awkward listening to her complain about it to another student while she was giving me my pedicure. Have yet to try the facials but is on my to-do list. I see they have microdermabrasion available too now and will definatley try that out. Overall, I think it's a great school offering great services but some students just need lessons on customer service and social skills. Yes, they are slower than a regular salon but you have to remember they are still learning and of course they are going to take longer than someone with several years of experience.
4	I am having a good hair day.  Why?  Yesterday I went to the Kohler Academy!  It was my 3rd visit, and each time I have walked away happy.  At first, I was hesitant to visit a beauty school - I had never been to one before and remember the things I used to do to my Barbie Styling Head.  Not good.  However, I decided to give it a try and I am glad I did.  The location is set up like a real salon, with kind of an industrial edge.  They use Bumble & Bumble hair products (great!) and the students on the "floor" are all pretty far along in the program (each must complete 1,600 hours of coursework in order graduate).  You receive a consultation, and the student stylist reviews the plan with an instructor prior to starting work.  The instructor also checks in a few times during the visit and looks over the "finished product" before you leave.  While the color/cut may not be the quickest as the students are still perfecting technique, the prices are great and everyone is very friendly.  Give it a try - you will be pleasantly surprised.
3	I have only been here once and it was on my birthday in 2008. I know, strange but the young lady that washed and flat ironed my hair did an amazing job. She has since graduated and moved on to bigger and better things I am sure, but again although I do not remember her name, she got the job done. So why only 3 stars? It took quite some time to flat iron my hair and my hair was cut shorter than what is now. I mean a really LONG time. I could have done it quicker that's for sure but it was free and the results were great. So give the students a try. You just may be pleasantly surprised.
2	I have only been there one time. I got a $10 manicure during one of their promotions. It was the longest and sloppiest manicure of my life. However, the young woman who worked on my manicure was very nice and they do use quality products. I would not return, but you can't beat their prices, especially during promotions.UPDATE: Kohler sent an e-mail after I posted this review offering me a free manicure. While I appreciate the offer, I declined. I did want to share with all of you that although I did not have the best experience, they definitely tried to correct the situation.
3	It's an educational facility, and with that in mind, you do get what you pay for.  However, I'm  happy with the hair services, especially if the right educator is supervising. Also, they use Bumble & Bumble products, which are definitely superior to most hair schools.I've had two hair color services and two cuts now. Abel in particular is really smart and sassy and always steps in when he is the teacher on the floor.  He gave me really awesome Vidal Sassoon bangs and freshened my fading ginger color, and I don't know that I would have trusted the student I was assigned with to do that on her own.  While he let her do the basic cutting and applying of the color, he watched her like a hawk which made me feel secure.  It's almost more important that the educator is on the ball than the student, because they have to get "checked in" on what they are going to do for you, supervised, then "checked out" on what they did.  However, be aware that it is a time commitment, and that no student moves very quickly.  I have never had a hair cut take less than two hours here. I got a facial on special, and I'm glad I only paid $25 for it.  The student esthetician tried, and the products were quality, but the rooms were only sectioned off by curtains, and you can hear every word anyone else says.  It's not really the place to relax.  Also, the manicure and pedicure services are really lacking.  I don't know why they feel they can charge what they do for how limited the services are.  It was a total disappointment, because there was very little filing or buffing done at all.  I don't think they even clipped my nails.  Seriously.  My nails got filed for like three minutes, they used some cuticle oil and a stick, then slopped on some polish and threw me in the pedicure bowl.  Basically the same routine down there.  My polish looked so bad that I had to go home, take it off and reapply it.  Major bummer, considering that I shelled out $40 for the two of them put together.  I could have done a better job at home in under five minutes with no salon products at all.Another complaint is that the front desk staff can be challenging.  They never seem to have my information saved in their system, no matter how many times I return, and one lady at the front gives me perpetual attitude.  I guess she just doesn't like my face.  Also, you need to be aware when booking that if you want your hair blown dry after your color or cut, that is considered a "style service" and you will be charged the additional $10 or $15.  It's the same price as a haircut, and most people (myself included) would assume that leaving with dry hair is built into a cut service. Not the case at Kohler. The no-tipping policy means that the price is the price... no need to calculate an additional gratuity charge into the end total. That's kind of nice.I'll go back to Kohler, but likely just for hair services.
5	I've been going to Kohler for over a year now and I love it. I get facials, micro-dermabrasion, haircuts and color regularly and have never been disappointed. (My hair is pretty hard to mess up though!) I took my mom and sister over the Christmas break for facials and they agreed that Kohler students do a great job. You can't beat the prices and they also have great products for sale and a new promotion every month. Whats not to love? Nothing!
4	i'm totally happy with my haircut from kohler. it cost me $20 and is probably one of the best haircuts i've ever had. my student-stylist was friendly, knowledgeable and sweet. i asked a number of questions about various "hair" topics and she had great answers. she called an instructor over when she had questions about exactly how to cut my bangs and seemed genuinely interested in me being happy with my cut. the instructor was helpful, personable and really seemed to like her job. my haircut and style weren't completed at the quickest pace, but i think it was worth the wait. and besides, they're learning!  if you call and ask to be added to their email list, they will email you the monthly specials ... february's offers were $5 brow waxes and free styling with a cut or color. the facility was clean, comfortable and modern. they stock top of the line products and have a great selection of product for sale too. i was pleasantly surprised by my experience and can't wait to go back and try other services. a cheap way to get  pampered makes me a very happy girl!oh! one more thing ... this is a no-tipping facility. even if you really want to, they're not allowed to accept your tip.
3	I wish I could give this place more stars because well, I really wanted to like the place because it's so darn close to my house and the services are really well priced for a facility that is clean with a modern decor.I've been there twice.  The first time the zone 2 girl was extremely earnest and told me how passionate she was about hair cutting.  And she was really good- full of energy, eagerness to learn.  And even though she burned my scalp several times while she was blow drying my hair, when the styling was done- my hair looked really good and she looked so eager to please that I could not be upset with her that despite my hair looking good, I probably had several patches of scalp toasted enough to be red the next day.The second time I went back, I got another zone 2 girl.  Very nice, good personality but somehow completely lacking in energy.  This sister's scalp massage was so lacking in oof that I felt like flies were in my hair and I wanted to swat her fingers away.  I should have known my haircut would be bad and left right away.  She ended up taking so long with my haircut that I finally had to ask her to see the clock to see what time it was- it took her nearly 2 hours to give me a cut and style that I, one who is incompetent with styling, could have done myself.  I was so disappointed.  Luckily, the instructor came and saved the day and in matters of five minutes, she had me styled looking like a million bucks and I walked away somewhat happy.Would I come back again?  Probably but now that I am a veteran of this place, I will ask for a zone 4 or higher girl (they go from zone 1 to zone 6) so maybe next time I will be lucky enough to walk out with scalp unburned, and a cut and style that won't take up my whole day.
5	It's been 20 years since I've been to a beauty school to get my hair done, but when my friend and Kohler student Marcia McGovern sent out a Facebook message inviting us to make an appointment there for her services, I thought I'd give it a try to support her.  Wow!!  I'm lucky to have Marcia as a friend!  This amazing woman, business owner, singer, mother of three sons, and soon to be grandma, rocked my hair-styling world!  I told her I wanted to look like and rock star, and she didn't disappoint.We did a color, and a cut and style and wow!  Did I mention that Marcia is one of just a handful of people in the state to win some prestigious hair awards?  Because of that she was asked to go to Tokyo! Whoo hoo!Of course the added benefits of going to a beauty school are that the prices are amazing.  I paid $55 for a custom color, cut and style, which normally would have cost $200.  The flip side is that it takes a little longer than going to an experienced stylist, but I was okay with that and thoroughly enjoyed my time there.If you're looking for a rockstar hairstylist, I recommend Marcia McGovern at Kohler.  But you need to hurry up before she graduates!PS.  There are other up and coming rockstar stylists there too, so if she's not there, just ask.
5	The short: Go. Go Now. And book an appointment with Todd before you do so.The long: I went to Kohler for the first time last night and spent the whole time wondering why I hadn't heard about it sooner. This place is a gem and a total boon to anyone that's looking for amazing deals. And being a total deal-hound, I couldn't figure out why it hadn't been on my radar previously. The facility is very modern and cool and they have a nice check-in area with full product lines for everything they use in-hous.My appointment was with Todd, who was amazing. Ten bucks (I think the cuts are usually $15 - this was some sort of happy hour special) got me a consultation, wash, scalp massage and amazing haircut, all with bumble products (my fave). The one drawback, which is not a big deal for me, is that it takes much longer than an average salon visit. My appointment was about two and a half hours. But that included all of the above, as well as a deep conditioning treatment ($12 bucks) and lots of checking-in from the student supervisor.Bottom line - I've never had such a meticulous, amazing haircut. Kohler is a find!
4	i got a facial here this week, and it was fantastic.after all the raving i've done about kohler, g started getting his haircuts here and we've both been super happy with the results. i've gotten 4 cuts here, g's gotten 2. i love the scalp massage - super relaxing. i also got a brow wax last time, and i have to say my brows have never looked better.i LOVE that kohler is swanky without being uppity and that they exclusively stock bumble products. i can't imagine going anywhere else - every student i've come in contact with has been friendly, professional and talented and the bargain prices are the icing on the cake.
4	I love getting good deals. I feel guilty spending money on "unecessary" things, such as professional colors. When the Groupon came along, I just couldn't pass it up (50 dollars worth of services for 25 bucks). Although I didn't get my hair cut, I did get highlights. My stylist, Shelley, was very nice, and made sure to find the right color/ style for me. It was very amusing to people watch in this place, too.  My color turned out great, and lemme tell you, I got one of the best scalp massages during my shampoo, too! Although I will tip (and tip well) when it is earned, I have to admit it's a guilty pleasure that they cannot accept tips, because then I don't feel pressured into giving more than I feel they deserve for fear of looking like a cheap skate (although I felt guilty not being able to give anything at all)... does that make me an @$$hole? Probably. haha.
1	Some time had gone by since my last visit to Kohler and I felt like giving it another chance. A Groupon was available so I purchased the deal and headed back to Kohler with a friend who goes there regularly and we spent the morning getting a facial and a manicure.The facial - I get facials often at other places and know the general routine. The tech was sweet but she did not explain what she was doing to me, ask me questions, recommend products, etc. There also was really no privacy for taking off/putting on clothes, etc other than a sheer curtain that did not cover my treatment space. She also did not do extractions even after her instructor told her too. However, in the end I still left feeling clean and moisturized. The next day I woke up and I was broken out all over my face AND my chest. I have never broken out on my chest in my entire life. It has taken almost two weeks for my skin to clear. I have no idea what products they used but clearly it was not right for my skin. The manicure - Much better this time, but the polish was still way too thick. Three hours later I had three chips and I had done nothing but have a late lunch, do some light shopping, and drive home. The next day the polish looked so bad I had to take it off.Bottom line - I will never be returning to Kohler again, no matter how great the deal is. You get what you pay for.
4	I went a couple of months ago and don't know how I didn't find this place sooner. Students perform services on you under the supervision of instructors. I booked an appointment and was happy I did. I walked out with a great haircut and style. It didn't take as long as I thought, although it does take longer than a normal haircut because the student has to get approval from the instructor.
5	If you're looking to pamper yourself while stretching your budget, this is the place to go.  I know I'm hooked!
4	I just moved here and was on the lookout for a place to get a good but decently priced haircut.  I'm pretty low maintenance and don't need to be fussed over at a fancy salon (no offense ladies).  I've contemplated trying a school in the past and thought now was the time.  I had a really good experience at Kohler.  They are very professional and when I called to book an appointment the guy I spoke with was very helpful.  The place was easy to find and when I arrived and walked in I was surprised to find that it looked like a professional salon.  I checked in and within 5 mins my student stylist, Danielle, was ready for me.  She took me back to her chair to consult with me on what I wanted done.  Danielle was very professional and seemed very focused on making sure she understood what I wanted.  Once she was clear on what I was looking for, she called over an instructor who approved the plan and then she got to work.  After a nice shampoo she started working on the cut.  Another student, Samantha, joined her to assist.  Danielle did a great job with the cut  - she took her time to get it just right.  While she cut my hair I learned she was a Zone 4 and her assitant was a Zone 2.  They were both very professional but also relaxed and fun.  Once Danielle was done with the cut Samantha had a whirl at drying and styling my hair.    All the while there were instructors milling about the salon supervising and available to assist if necessary.  All in all it was a great experience and I'll definitely be going back.  As long as you can plan to spend extra time - I'd say it was probably about double the time I'd spend at a professional salon - you'll be fine.  And at $20 for a cut and style the price was great.
3	So I have gone here a number of times for a number of different services. I've gotten many cuts and colors and have gone for eye brow waxes, facials, and manicures. I would say the spa part of this school is really nice. The facial I got was great, relaxing, and really professional unlike at many beauty schools. The nails and hair are a different story. The nail 'salon' part is nothing like getting the real thing and isn't that much less expensive. I have gotten my hair done a few times and it is really a mixed bag. I had some more advanced students do my hair a few times and it was nice and affordable. Then I made an appointment with my regular girl but she called out that day for some reason... the salon assured me they would give me another advanced student to do my hair. Well, that was not true. After the girl started, I asked her how long she'd been in the program and she said she just started working on real peoples' hair. WTF. She didn't talk through the whole thing (so awkward) and screwed up both my cut and color. The supervisor had to come fix it, and even then it was not good. This was not a drastic cut, it was just trimming up what my normal girl had already done... how did she mess it up? Anyway, I haven't been back since. In addition, it always takes forever to get out of this place. Cut and color takes five hours or so.... my normal place takes 1.5 hours.... so big waste of time. Even if it is cheaper... if you have to get it redone it isn't really cheaper. So I would recommend this place to someone getting a facial or something that doesn't really alter their appearance, but with the hair.... go at your own risk.
1	I'll be up front and write that I don't like to write reviews with low stars because I know no owner ever intentionally open a business intent on poor service and product.Besides, life is too be happy and appreciative hence my top heavy star ratings.  So you know when I give a one star review, my experience must have been pretty darn awful.The one saving grace was the student stylist, Brittany Darling~ she was amazing and has a bright future ahead of her.But I can't handle facing ice queen Heidi during check in or check out or the ego ladden instructor Carrie who despite Brittany and I having a perfectly good time together kept interrupting to show her "authority" ever again.I just can't take it!  Kohler Academy, 3 strikes and you're out!  I will not be back again as a client!!!!Plus, if you haven't noted the economy, for a school offering student services, your prices are high compared to all the specials professional salons are offering these days.Just glancing through the reviews, I can tell the reviews are spotty with more on the low rating side than the high.If I was the owner, I would take notice . . .  wouldn't you?
1	I can't even begin to tell you how horrible this experience was for me. 1st they told me it woudl be $30.00 for a retouch of highlights I get there they charge 90.00 for a retouch and a hair cut with no style.... WOW I can go to a salon in Scottsdale for cheaper than that... The ladies at the front were extremely rude!!!!!!  I left with wet hair so I could not really see the style.. I wake up and my hair is a nightmare!!!! I still have a 1/2 of no highlights.. my bangs are uneven and soooo short.. and the each side of my head is completely different!!!!  I have never cried over hair unitll this morning.... PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY.. do not go to this place... they are rude and uneducated!!!!
1	My husband got me a gift certificate here. My experience was horrible! All the urban legends about beastie schools are accurate. The "stylist" who dyed my hair was concerned because my scalp started bleeding. Instead of professionally handling it with brevity and discretion, she decided to roll her eyes and tell all her beastie friends to come over and look at the specimen that is my scalp. Step right up ladies and gentlemen, the circus freak with the spontaneously bleeding scalp is here! I sat in the washing chair for 45 minutes before I asked her to please remove the toner from my hair and get me out of there. I left with a worse color than what I went in with, anger and low self-esteem. Do yourself a favor and pay the extra 50 bucks to get it done right at a salon.
5	I went in for a cut and color. I didn't get the color I wanted (my own fault-past dying and damage, etc), but they told me they would help me get there. They did some conditioning, cut and color, though much of my cut was done by the instructor. He was showing my stylist his way of layering. Afterward, they took me through their recommended products, of which I bought quite a bit. They held it for me as I went to get my brows done. Their aestheticians were knowledgeable and pleasant, and I plan on going back for a facial when I have more time.  Because of the amount of product I was buying, they didn't charge me for eyebrow wax, which is very nice of them.The cut and color were very well done, and I plan on making this my salon. Like any salon academy, it may take more time, but you more than make up for it on savings. I paid $60 for cut and color, and I have hair nearly to my waist.Note: This is a no-tipping facility. The students make commission off product, but I didn't feel as if I was being pushed into any purchases. I am now a convert on Bumble Bumble. My hair was crazy damaged (I'm an impulsive dyer) and it looks completely different now. Also, the salon uses a very convenient appointment software for booking appointments, and you receive an email the day before reminding you.
4	Kohler academy is great. There is no other place that I know of that will give you a haircut for $15 and it is actually a real haricut, blow dry and style. Not only that 15 is 15 you are not allowed to tip. The only thing is that time is money. I was just hanging out with a buddy so I did not mind but to just trim my hair it too almost 2 hours. That is a pretty long time for just a trim. So I say if you have the time the people are nice, the price is more than right, and well perhaps bring a buddy to keep yourself entertained. haha
5	Love kohler academy!!! Have had 6+ cut and colors and they have all turned out fantastic. Ask for Andrew or carlee.
4	I go here all the time. Very reasonable prices and I've only ever had 1 bad experience with one of the students - and they fixed it for free right away! I would definitely go here over Empire. Empire is cheaper but the students made me feel frightened for my hairdo. Kohler is friendly, accommodating and the students seem knowledgeable. I recommend this place all the time to my friends. I even had my makeup done here once and the girl did an amazing job! Great specials every month.
1	I Cant believe how poorly they did with my hair when i have at least two friends in cosmetology school who didnt mess up as much as they did. The cut did not look together and just messy and thin and the peekaboo's were no where near even. :|I would not drive out there for anything unless i got a coupon or something but i would not use it for a cut or color.  I would love to see how good they do compared to my friends beauty schools deep hair conditioning treatment because i have tried it at an ulta salon and it did not last  a week. The girls were nice and did a good job massaging my scalp during the shampoo stage but that is about it.
4	came here for an airbrush tan and was totally impressed!  these girls know there stuff and the tanning package is such a steal.  definitely give it a try. :)
1	I've been going to Kohler Academy (now Penrose Academy) for 7 months and I've slowly started dislike their ability to cut my hair. At first, it was great. I lucked out and found someone with talent, but she graduated a few months later and they've struggled to replicate her success.  Put another way, while the price is very low you really don't know whether or not you're going to get someone that knows what they're doing. Sure, there are "teachers" there watching the students, but the reality is that there are too many students and not enough teachers. If you don't really care that much about your hair and are ok with the inconsistency then I'd recommend this place. On the other hand, if you're somewhat picky about your hair and want it done right then I wouldn't bother with this place. Spring the extra $10 and get your hair cut by someone who isn't learning.
5	Talk about the best of both worlds!  Facials and beauty treatments for next to nothing!!!  Sign me up!I happen to know one of the students, and love her!  BUT I have had other people work on me...they are all very professional and understand your needs.Worth trying twice!
1	I had my hair colored there on 5/23. The student over applied and used the wrong formula on my hair. For a week, my scalp was burning, hot and painful.I spoke to the instructors the next day and they tried to down play my complaints. Monique tried to pin it on everything even when I told her that I haven't done anything different.  At most salons when the stylist messed up, the salon usually try to go out of their way to fix what's wrong. Here they tried to discount your concerns and not fix it.I have had my color done there many times before. It is unconscionable that they were worried more about their finances than about my scalp. I will not come back there again. At $40, the color was not that cheap. It took a week to shampoo off the color and for my scalp to stop burning and hurting. I wonder if there are other side effects that I am unaware of. Do not use this place. It's not that cheap and it's not worth it. The instructors are unsympathetic and customer unfriendly.
1	I didn't even recognize my girlfriend when she came home from Kohler/Penrose Academy.  She went in a dark haired brunette and came home 5 hours later an orangish, strawberry blonde after asking for them to make her hair slightly lighter than the dark brown shade it already was.  The job they did was awful.  My girlfriend came home crying because the color was so terrible.  She told them her hair pulled red and they kept assuring her that they wouldn't let that happen but yet she came home some orange, red, blonde shade of some color other than brunette.  I would not recommend anyone go to this school, you definitely get what you pay for.  If you are going to pay half price for something, you are probably only going to get someone with half the quality of a professional.  She told them when she went in that she had to be somewhere at a specific time and they kept saying no problem, she would be out of there on time.  Of course she was late and it took 5 hours for a cut and color and as she was trying to rush out of there, the stylist forgot to fill out her log of what she did so my girlfriend had to wait at the front desk while she filled out her papers before they would check her out, making her even more late.  She didn't even let them finish blow drying because they were so slow and she was so late.I told her to go get her money back and asked why she even paid for it but she was so mad that she just paid and ran out.  She went back the next day to get a refund because she had to make an appointment with a professional salon to fix what they screwed up but they said they can't refund money since it's a learning school.  They did offer to fix it or try to make it better for free and that is happening while I am writing this and I am even more scared how much more they will screw it up.  We'll see how well they try to fix it but if you are a girl who cares about your hair, do not go to this school.  You are better off coloring your hair at home or spending the money on a professional because you'll just end up spending more money trying to fix what they screwed up at this school.And by the way, this if my first ever yelp review.  I don't usually review places but this place was so terrible I couldn't even believe they are teaching people how to do hair, it was awful.  People need to know how bad this place is.
4	Everytime I go here I'm impressed by the students! I've had Mindy (who recently graduated) and Tatum and both were excellent and did an outstanding job on my haircut! During holidays men's cuts range from $5-10!
3	You can't beat the price at Kohler, roughly $60 for cut and color is unheard of! However, so are the five whole hours used to do so. Great products, students and outcome. With the exception of the lengthy process time.
5	It was my first time going to Penrose and I was a little nervous because I've never gone to a school to get my hair done AND I was going from brunette to blonde. I saw Chelsey Dean and needless to say she did an ANAZING job. My blonde is gorgeous, totally natural looking, and she did it all without putting me under a dryer (which never happens) She was so fun to talk to and I left feeling like we were best friends. I def recommend her!!
4	Penrose Academy is a world renowned Cosmetology and Skin Therapy academy located in Central Scottsdale. My wife is a recent graduate of their Skin Therapy school, so, as a supportive spouse, I've spent a little time here having treatments done. Having never been to a skin therapist in the past, I can't really compare the prices here versus at a spa out in the real world. However, according to my wife (and every woman I've ever talked to about this), the value you get by having treatments done at the Academy is nothing short of phenomenal.Just before my wife graduated, I told her I was going to get a haircut at my usual place. She reminded me (oh so subtly), "Hey, dummy! My school also cuts hair." The thought had never really occurred to me to have my hair cut at a beauty school. I always knew these students needed practice, it just never occurred to me to have them practice on MY hair.Now, I'm somewhat particular about my hair and overall appearance. Nothing on a "Narcissus" level, but, still. So, when I agreed to come in to let a rookie hack away at my head, it was definitely a pride swallowing, fear facing decision. Compounding my fear was the fact that the student I drew from the pool openly admitted that she was not 100% comfortable with performing men's haircuts yet.Well, it was time for me to change proverbial hats for a few minutes. I was faced with the decision to either be my usual proud self, and completely destroy this young lady's nerves with added pressure, or I could take a deep breath, remember that hair grows back, and put the young stylist at ease.That decision turned out to be a great one. Once I sat down, I was sure to keep the conversation light, and make sure that the stylist was as comfortable as she could be. After all, one of the many mantra's by which I try to live is "Time, Patience, Practice". I know this young lady wasn't likely to have nerves of steel out of the gate. But, the more she does it, the better she will ultimately become.Ultimately, she did a pretty good job. After she settled down a little bit, everything went quite smoothly. The only true downside to the whole process was, of course, the duration of the process. Being students, the stylists have to consult with their educators before they make ANY decision. So, if  you're in the salon on a busy day, your cut could take quite some time. I ended up in the chair for about an hour.Like I said, this is practice for these young students. So, if you're SUPER particular about your hair, then this is not the place for you. If you're adventurous and you have a little bit of time to spare, then you would enjoy the overall experience you get from throwing caution to the wind and allowing a young up-and-comer the opportunity to show you what they've got!
4	For the price, it can't be beat!  I had my hair cut and styled.  The color was done pretty well.  The process is time consuming because the students need to check with supervisors throughout the service.  My color also wasn't washed out great--my scalp was died for a few days.  Again, for the price ($35 for an all over color and no tipping allowed), the service was good!
5	Great quality for an even better price. They used BB products and I received a shampoo, cut & style for less than $30. Also, tried the laser hair removal that was only a fraction of the cost. Plus, they use the best technology available (only one in the state they mentioned) making the appointment very fast (minutes for the underarm area) and almost painless (little zap).  I'll be coming back for sure!
5	I have always LOVED the salon services at Penrose...but have you tried the new MED SPA??? It's incredible!!! You can have laser hair removal done..or get photo facials at a price anyone can afford. Services are overseen by a doctor and I feel 100% confidence having these services performed at Penrose. Treat yourself for the New Year!!
5	First time, and I've already got another appointment booked for tomorrow.  I absolutely love the Bb products they use, other student salon's conditioning treatments aren't as good!  These products did amazing for my hair and I absolutely love the girl that did my hair, Sidney.  She really cared about what I wanted and made sure she did an amazing and careful job. People complain about the amount of time it takes.  Granted it did take an hour and a half for a cut and conditioning treatment BUT not only do I love being in the salon, it's so relaxing and is all me time, AND I really don't mind them taking their time and learning.  These girls deserve nice and patient clients as their first ones.  Highly recommend!  Maybe I'll update tomorrow after I get my all over color :D
1	This is a review of the school. Penrose emphasized their connections to local salons/spas & even famous industry leaders. The problem with that is the esthetic side didnt have the same opportunities & connections as the cosmetology side.They also are big on "teaching" the business side of the industry. That meant doing a project where you create a business plan, find a location, make menus, do a presentation etc.. Nobody taught us anything about opening a business and  how to run it. The chapter in our book had some info but it was useless when you don't really understand it. The project did not help and was unrealistic. They also focus on selling dermalogica too much. They should call it selling not "business." It was so stressful at times the pressure of selling to clients in the student spa. It was like a job with the quotas except you don't get paid or even tipped! If you sell a certain ridiculous amount per block, you make a commission of about 5% on the products you sell but it isn't cash, it is on a gift card  that can only be used at the school.  You also have to pay full menu price for services & you cant practice services on classmates without paying. The student spa is a huge issue within itself. The front desk will book you solid. You are really over worked & not learning anything new because its mostly the same service each time. One huge thing to look for in an esthetic school is the amount of hands on hours in the student spa compared to the classroom hours. It was split evenly when I attended which was way too many hours in the student spa other schools have less time. The classroom time was focused on things that don't matter like anatomy. I seriously don't remember one bone in the face or the body! We normally don't even touch the body so why do I need to know what bone connects to the hip bone. This isn't high school ! I learned that before and forgot it and wasted time doing it again. You also spend so much time reading about older techniques that are not used in today's esthetic field. Basically you can go buy the esthetic book they use online and learn what they "teach" by reading it yourself. There needs to be more time really teaching & making us understand. For example ingredients, we read about them, memorized them, we're tested on them but after I graduated I could not tell you what vitamin C or retin A did for your skin and how it works with your skin. Yes teach us the layers but also teach how products react and penetrate. I feel like they give you the bare minimum, you are trained to pass the state board & to work for free in their spa. You also spend a huge amount of class time learning dermalogica & their ingredients. Dermalogica is not a line I would ever personally or professionally use but that's a whole different story. On to the worse part, finding a job. They do not have a department for careers, it was the two office lady's that "helped" you. Before you graduate you go on what they call a journey where you visit 3 or 4 spas where you can ask questions & tour. They have an industry day where you meet with owners & hiring managers from different spas, but this is not an interview & they wont consider you because you are not licensed. It is not helpful & doesn't enhance your chances of getting a job. After graduation you are on your own. I asked for help after a few months of unsuccessful searching, my response was to take a journey on my own & drop off my resumes around town. I did that!! They also say they have their own unique job postings on their website. First of all they hardly ever post esthetic jobs maybe 1 or 2 a month & the majority of the time they are the same ads on Craigslist! These are not exclusive industry connected jobs they claim to offer. I honestly learned more from a PCA chemical peel class I took in 8 hours than I did in 5 months at Penrose. I actually graduated not knowing the Fitzpatrick scale. I thought the lower fitz, the more sensitive and the higher fitz , the more durable! I could have done serious damage and maybe even lost my license if I had not be corrected by PCA. Be prepared to be taken back to grade school being treated like your a child not an adult. There is way too much spiritual nonsense going on. I'm here to be educated and prepared for the esthetic industry not to find myself. The only thing that was good was one of my teachers who taught me things from her own experiences. Jill had a class with us twice & also taught some good things like commission structures & non competes. The few good things there were  didn't make up for the over all lack of education & confidence I needed to thrive in this industry. If you are a potential student don't hesitate to message me if you have questions because I sure wish I had somebody to help me. I was an A student with 100% attendance, I did my part as a student.
5	LOVE BRANDI CUNNIUS!! I have been to her twice & she was amazing!! Best facial ever hands down!! Will be back to buy more make-up too!! The line there is called MUD! It's awesome!!
1	I've had a facial a couple of times and enjoyed the first two but hate the way they try and push "add ons" and product. I went here to save money, not be bullied into buying expensive product.  I heard a customer complaining that their acid peel didn't peel anything and the girls response was that they don't use "real" peels while they are in school.  I signed up for three photo facials and they did nothing.  Mind you, I have paid full price for photo facials at other places and loved them because they actually showed results!!!!  Pigmentation rose with all my other experiences and nothing happened with my photo facial here.**********************TAKE HEED TO THE OLD ADAGE: YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FORBE CAREFUL HERE!!!  IT IS A SCHOOL AND THEY ARE NOT LICENCENCED TO USE FULL STRENGTH ANYTHING.
5	What a difference a change of name and 3 years make!  When my friend and photographer extraordinaire Jessica Frieling started esthetician school here, I decided to come in and get facials from her to show support. I noticed a difference when I called to make an appointment- the girl on the phone was extremely courteous and friendly and made making the appt easy. The BIGGEST and most pleasant surprise was when I walked through their door and was greeted with a warm, friendly smile and a warm hello when I checked in!  In fact, the girl's smile and greeting was so genuine that I just had to give her a compliment right there on the spot!  I've always liked the interior of the academy and the spa side was on par with the hair side of the academy. All done in white and kept in beautiful, clean condition. And the facial I got from Jessica Frieling was absolutely divine!!!  Mind you, I adore Jessica and thinks she is simply fabulous and I guarantee that you will too after you meet and have a facial with her. She took her time with me, used just the right products and afterwards, my skin felt baby bottom soft!!!!  I was so pleased with how my skin felt- thanks to Jessica!!!!She's also a fantastic photographer, hair stylist and makeup artist. I highly recommend her for all of them!!!!Call and make the appts quick- she works at the spa Thurs and Sat..  Ask for Jessica Frieling and get heavenly pampered. Do it quick- before she graduates!!!!
5	I am currently a student at Penrose Academy.  I am so passionate and proud to be a student here.  Our educators and the staff are absolutely amazing.  There are so many reasons to list on why I chose this school over the 6 others I had toured as well.  The owner, Jill, is absolutely amazing at what she does.  I love that we have assemblies every Thursday.  Most of the time we have amazing guest speakers, and almost every week we are forced to think about of future and to prep for our career.  I love that one of the main focuses is "becoming a better version of yourself."        There are also other opportunities for you to get involved that they just don't offer at other schools.  (ie. student council, contests, Dream team, etc)  I also love that it is a private academy.  Which means, they do not accept everyone.  They have strict guidelines on attendance and GPA, which I can really appreciate.  This school holds it's students accountable and really prepares us to be professional and successful employees of the beauty industry.     Our location is absolutely PERFECT.  Not to mention the school itself is absolutely beautiful!  When I'm there I feel like I'm in a professional salon.  I've toured some other schools and I must say this is the most professional, beautiful, and clean facility that I have seen.      Now to just touch base on the products we use.  I love Bumble and Bumble. The Esthetician's in training use skin medica and Dermalogica.  All amazing, top of the line products.  We learn Pivot Pointe International and I'm extremely comfortable in the way I have been taught.       I love that we have loyal guests that consistently return to our salon.  It just goes to show how great of a job that they have done in constantly providing great customer service and great services that the guests will constantly rebook and return to us.  Thank you Penrose.  I seriously couldn't be more proud and thrilled to be a student at your wonderful facility.
5	Love this place. You get a cheap hair color or highlights and it's done decently well. Sometimes it's a hit or miss but it's pretty consistently a B performance.
