5	Situated 5 minutes from my auntie's house, this "local" casino offers all the aspects of what you are looking for in a casino, without all the hustle & bustle of a large crowd...This casino is off the strip 2 minutes up the 95 fwy.  I prefer this place as opposed to others since its more laid back, has decent table stakes, ranging from 5 to 100 dollars per bet, and the cocktail waitresses come by quite often...In the long run, I'm 50-50 winning here, but thats certainly better than other places I tried to run my money up on...They also have a good food plaza, video game center, movie theater, and bowling alley...Take a trip sometime to Texas Station!..-RR
5	My review is mostly for the buffet, which at $12.99 for the Mother's Day lunch was outstanding.  My friends and I read about this spot in a web site long ago and so when we have a car, we make the trek out to this locals' place where you basically get a great buffet for 1/2 the price of the strip.  Great selection, fajita/quesadilla made-to-order guy, ribs, chicken, garlic bread, excellent chocolate cream pie.  Usually, they have a great chili bar but didn't this time.  Nice drink refilling.  Clean bathrooms.
3	Well first off it was really cheap...really really cheap.Forty bucks a night for a double, on a Thursday at that.The down side is that is was quite the drive from the strip, a much longer one then i thought it would be.The rooms are fantastic though!Clean and huge :)The buffet was mediocre but still satisfying, it was cheap so if your on a budget it gets the job done.There was a seafood restaurant that i really wanted to try but never made it to.As far as the gambling goes...i didn't win much but who really dose?
2	This was my 3rd time trying to win any money at this place.  What a rip!  Didn't win a thing.  The sad thing is that the Station Casino's are geared towards the locals.  They don't even give any play anymore.  Just keep taking money from the people who live there to build more casino's...Two stars for Fatburgers within the casino.
4	This is not the place to stay if you're trying to spend your time on the strip, cause it's waaayy off the strip.  Sadly, it just wasn't that kind of trip for me this time.  I stayed here for a family event and I was pleasantly surprised, considering the reasonable room rate.  The rooms were nice, the place was well run, clean, and the staff was really cool. The casino floor is huge, and they have tons of penny slots which cracked me up; you're just not going to see that on the strip!  We went to the buffet at Feast and GRUBBED.  You gotta love a place that lets me have okra, beet salad, catfish, chow mein, greens, fried rice, ribs and pasta!
1	If you are unlucky enough as a tourist to stumble into Texas Station on Rancho, be prepared to really lose.  We have been playing at Texas since it opened and after 12 years of losing, ya gotta think??????  O.K. maybe I won a few things there, but currently Texas does not pay or play.  I actually saw a floor person opening machines and lowering pay out percentages there.   Your better off on the strip, you will probably lose there too but at least your getting vacation atmosphere.
3	I didn't stay at the hotel or gambled. I actually came here for the buffet. The buffet prices are wonderful $11.99/adult, and my 3 and 2 years old were free. Go there expecting a Rio setting, but without a doubt the food was delightful. This casino also has a kids care; they watch your kids while you lose money. There's also a movie theater in the casino, next to a ticket game/arcade and a bowling alley - which i didn't get to check out. This is my 3rd time there, and I always enjoy it. Minus the 2 stars because they need to improve the ventilation up in there.
4	Probably my favorite casino in Vegas because they offer everything I love.  Note I am trying to eat a lot more healthy now.  But not long ago I used to love to go here and eat at there buffet and food court.  Buffet is great and huge with all the stations you want (bbq, Chinese, salad bar, Mexican etc.) and everything was fresh and tasty.  Food court is A+ with Fatburger, Sabros, Baja Fresh, DQ and Panda Express.  They have good restaurants, bars and a night club that looks like its hopping on the weekends.  There is no other theater around so they show, basically, every movie that is playing in Vegas.  I have seen way more movies there than any place else and i cant say I have ever had a bad time (other than seeing some crap movies).  And if you are eating right I recommend the fish taco's at Baja Fresh!
4	In our continuing quest for good video poker found in a comfortable casino, we arrived at Texas Station.  Again, the research proved correct:  large, clean, comfortable casino with really good video poker. ( Anthony Curtis, you are my hero! )   And by really good I mean really, really good.  An abundance of comfortable slant machines with great pay tables.  We hit this place hard. I'm more of a strip hotel kind of girl when it comes to actually slipping into high thread count sheets, but if the casino is any indication, the rooms are probably clean and comfortable.  Friendly, attentive cocktail waitresses.  Almost, but not quite hot.  Getting a taxi back to the strip required a phone call and a short wait, but not a big problem at all.Fatburger.  Woot!
4	This is where I came to see Lorreta Lynn on Saturday night and although the area is incredibly scary (we are talking don't make eye contact/lock your doors scary) once inside you can forget that.You can get a patron margarita for $10!!!Not the best selection of what I like to call adult video games (slots) but they have enough to keep you occupied. On Saturday if you had a card for the hotel, frequent customer, as long as it was in a machine you had the chance to win $500! Cool deal. The biggest plus for me about this place was the people, EVERYONE was nice. A huge relief and change from the strip where you are a barcode of a person.
3	This is for the buffet only at Texas Station.  My relatives come here to gamble.  But I was just there for the food, at lunch.  They take me trhough the long line.  Since they are frequent gamblers, my meal was about $7.00 with a frequent gambling card.  I honestly don't know how much it is for the non gambling types, probably other reviewers will say.This buffet is huge - twice the size of neighboring Fiesta Station's buffet. It must be about 100 feet long. I decided to walk and see what was there before making choices.  Nice American section which was the largest.  They had a slab of roast beef and ham, so you wait in line to get a cut.  Or, you can have them make you a chargrilled hamburger, or grill your self-created burrito in the Mexican section.  I had no patience for any of that.  First plate - They had a decent barbecue section, and I got some ribs with collards, cole slaw, and corn on the cob with some fried rice and orange chicken from the next door Chinese section.  They had some good hot and sour soup, but there is also a soup section next to the Mexican section. Back to the BBQ section, my sister had some of the pulled pork, it was was good. Most everything was good.  I didn't go to their large salad bar which had things like pear halves and various lettuces, fresh fruit (watermelon and cantaloupe) and pre made salads.  Surprisingly, that was the least busy area.They had a Cajun section with fish and seafood gumbo with dirty rice.  They even had hush puppies and corn fritters but I didn't try any. So, for plate number 2, I decided to get fried chicken which was just OK and more vegetables.  And,t the vegetables were good - glazed yams, steamed beans, and more collards again. I also got some penne pasta with a meatball and sauce.  In light of my doctor's command that I minimize my time and volume eating at buffets (geez there are a LOT of happy but big bodied eaters here!) I stopped at plate 2 and opted for some desserts.  The 20 different pies, cookies, and cakes looked good, and there were even some no sugar added creations.  But I decided on eating two of the mousse in a cup - one was vanilla cream with chocolate, the other was cream with a strawberry glze.  Thank God they only came in 3 oz. containers, it was rich and probably bad for you.  I also had a red velvet cupcake - kind of dry but pretty. My eyes wanted to try more things, but maybe we can go again soon. It was time to gamble before heading home.  It might sound like this is like Hometown Buffet, but really, the food is way better and there is greater variety.One thing I hate about Vegas casinos, though, is all the smoking in the casino.  So if that bugs you, beware.  Also, it you're with someone who uses a cane, ask them if they'd prefer getting pushed in a wheelchair.  They also have valet parking. This place is huge and is a challenge for those who can't walk a quarter mile by the time you park, go to the buffet, and walk back out to the car.
4	They have a great buffet.  My Aunt used to live in Vegas and this is one of the "locals" casinos they always went to.    The place was always clean.   My mom and I did stay there once and the room was nice as well.
4	This place is all right! As we are primarily video poker players, it really doesn't get much better than Texas Station. http://static3.px.yelp.com/photo/EdHm2gXRR-IqKLdatxIkfQ/l  The pay tables are excellent, the machines are clean, seats are comfortable, and the cocktail service is friendly and attentive. Music is decent and at a good level and the crowd is primarily local, which is great. With a rental car we were able to visit from the strip several times, at a much lower cost than taxis and self parking is well-lit and easily accessible. Would we stay here?  No, not our kind of place.  Will we continue to play here?  No doubt about it!And again, FATBURGER!
3	Texas Station is not a casino for tourists, it's one for the community of Las Vegas.  Which isn't to say they shove you out the door if they find you're not Nevadan, but you're not going to be wooed with free slot play and half-price show tickets.  It's mostly 5-cent and penny slot machines, coupled low-stakes card playing.  The movie theater and food court are decent enough for a local casino, but the gem here is Austin's Steakhouse.   It has great steaks at a 20-40 dollar course range, fine for special occasions.  The rest of the casino is sort of middling.  Even the casino drink girls are a six out of ten.  The sportsbook is cramped and has about 20 free seats.  Definite local casino.  Again, if you get trapped in it, hide at the steakhouse!
2	Stayed here once.  And no joke, on my floor alone we saw police take down a group smoking dope in their room -- and also prostitutes walking around -- saying hello to us.  Yeah.  But other than that "excitement" -- it was an enjoyable stay.  The casino is nice.  The location is a tad off The Strip, but not far.  Rates were extremely low -- probably because they make money off the prostitutes on the side!
1	I had a bad feeling from the moment we checked in. We received horrible service. The front counter rep wouldn't even make eye contact, was rude and not help full at all. We had a room on the 5th floor and it was a long walk down the hall. OK, but we had to go downstairs 2 times because our room keys would not work. We didn't even get a "sorry for the inconvenience". We asked for a non-smoking room and it smelled like 5 people had just been smoking in there. The elevators where very noisy and extremely slow. The elevator doors would open on the wrong floor all the time. The Casino was pretty dirty. We were there a couple of days and every where we sat to play the slots there would be cigarette butts and dirty ash trays. No one was going buy to pick them up and clean. Even if I were a smoker i would want to use a clean tray. We also never once got to order from the cocktail girls. They were never around. We got wrong directions from a couple of the employees about the casino. We were looking for particular bars to take advantage of the specials they had but kept walking back and forth because no one seemed to know where it was We had breakfast at their Coco's and no joke, we waited 6 minutes to be seated, and 13 minutes to at least ask for our coffee. It was not busy, only 4 tables were occupied including ours. I am the type of person that can deal with all of the above, except the horrible customer service.
3	This is not really a tourist casino. It's more for the locals since it's a little casino that's not even in the strip. Nonetheless it's not too bad of a casino. I tried playing bingo here with my aunt and mom. I totally got carded twice haha. One for when I was buying the bingo sheets and the second time when I was getting a lemonade. Hehe getting carded for a lemonade :). The whole bingo experience was actually interesting. It was our first time to try out the paper bingo. The folks calling out the bingo numbers were calling out the numbers soooo fast! Ahhh it was hard to catch up and it could we could of easily missed some of the numbers. I also wasn't fond of the fact that in between them calling out numbers they would be talking about their future bingo offerings and other things. Please stick to calling out the numbers...it confuses newbies like us :). Anyways it was nice to be in a casino that wasn't too crowded. It wasn't hard to find an empty slot machine. I don't really like gambling since I've always figured I'll save my money for shopping or use it for something I need...but this casino doesn't really have any cute shops or tourist sights so I spent the rest of the time waiting for my family just siting down at a bench. There is a Starbucks inside though. There's a kinda cute bridge/pond by the Starbucks :). Ok casino, just not a tourist-y kinda spot. Definitely gives you a local, small town kinda feel which is not typically found in Vegas.
2	Eek I wasn't too happy with my second stop here. I asked for a bottle of water from one of the casino workers who walks around asking people if they wanted a drink. She said she could get the water but it would probably take a long time and I should just go walk over to the bar if I wanted it quicker. I walked over to the bar and the same casino worker was basically just standing there doing nothing but still couldn't get us the water :/. She told us we'd have to go to the other bar ....Really? You're standing there doing nothing and you can't reach over to get the bottled water to hand to us. Really?All I wanted was some water...it took me having to ask 3 different casino workers and 2 bars later to get my water.  Yes, people all that for just water.....
4	Great entertainment!
3	The Texas Station is part of the old guard of Station Casinos.  There's a new school crop including Green Valley Ranch, Red Rock and Aliante.  This place definitely ain't in that league.  At the same time it's not the worst locals casino I've been to.Texas Station isn't really a destination spot.  I can't imagine saying "I've gotta go watch the game at Texas Station" when there are so many other options.  You literally have to live right next to the place for it to have any kind of appeal.  There is a movie theatre inside, which is pretty decent.  I think I saw Oceans 12 there.  And in a moment of being a cheap bastard, I actually stayed here once when visiting Vegas for a weekend from San Diego.  Room must have cost me less than $50.The bigger draw seems to be events.  Election night parties and job fairs are common at Texas Station.  They have a pretty decent sized convention/meeting area which must be cheaper than some of the more A-list places in town.  There's almost always some D-list live band playing at the wannabe club zone.  I think it was called the Armadillo last I remember.You have dozens of better options than Texas Station, but at least you won't be grossed out when hanging out here.
2	Um I just go here if I need to make a sports bet. Old and needs a facelift but not bad. Its a dirty locals place. Not really a tourist spot.
4	I didnt pay for the room (was already paid for through work) but I thought it was a nice room for the price (checked online). Received a coupon for a free starbucksdrink (located inside the casino) which was nice.I didnt want to put down a deposit for all the extra options and the lady @the front desk instead shut down the tv. Uhhh, I think regular tv should be free, no?
3	Living close by to this Casino, and coming by after work to gamble, I find this place to be interesting. Staying with the Texas theme, the outside looks amazing, and very well kept in shape. I would probably say, if it was located in a nicer place, it probably would be better in many ways. But the fact that its located on Rancho and not a good place  for that matter, it has its wear and tear that really shows. Most of the time, I go their with the wife to see a movie. The theater itself is located next to the food court, which is nice. But once inside, their concession stand seem to be a small area and not very well put. They do have a concession stand upstairs, but rarely open. I like the fact that the casino has two different levels, where they have more theaters. But it probably can be cleaner. Restaurants, Food courts, and Starbucks, of course, I have mix reviews on that. Starbucks, there are a few Batista's there that I like. But one of them didn't really get my order right. Even though I did drink it, cause I needed coffee in my system, it sure didn't go well with my stomach. I'm lactose intolerant, so I ordered soy milk with no whip. Its kind of pointless to ask for soy milk, when you put on the whip. Now whenever I pass by that Starbucks, I make sure its not with that one Batista, who puts whip with soy milk. Feast Buffet, I had a review on lack of cleanliness and lack of service. But the food and dessert was great. The food court, I don't like the fact that some of these places don't open till 11am. But their choice in restaurants is decent.  The only place open 24 hours is Fat Burger, which, I don't think its that great. Customer service is nice, but food is kind of lousy. I like the fact that they have a bowling center which was nice to bowl here and there. Its been a while, so I really enjoyed bowling. Its a nice place, but probably could be better. But the fact that they have a bowling center is good enough for me. The Convention Center, I went there for my wife's Christmas party, The place look really nice, and very roomy. Very clean, and really like the professionalism of the staff.   If I ever had a big gathering, I probably would have it here. As far as gambling goes, I would say I'm probably one of their regulars, so they know me very well. But I would have to say, from the first time I step foot in the gambling area, people were nice, and the waitress were nice. They at least talk, and know what their doing, most of the time. The waitress tend to make sure we're okay on drinks. Over all, its a decent place to be at. It has its ups and downs. I wouldn't expect much out of it, but just enough to be satisfied on being there.
2	Once upon a time I enjoyed coming to this place to watch movies, hang with friends at the lounge watching Love Shack perform, and enjoying a drink or two at the casino bars.  That was when Seinfeld & Friends were dominating the ratings on TV.  I recently visited the property and it's lost it's fun atmosphere and energy.  The crowd has changed a lot since those glory days and the casino is just depressingly empty.  It didn't make me want to stay and hangout....at least I have some great memories from the good times.  Maybe it will get better when the economy rebounds?Return Factor - 5%
1	We are LOCALS. Station Casinos SUPPOSELY love locals. We are not pleased. We were ripped off by a bartender. I will NEVER walk into that dump again. GAME OVER.
1	Good lord, I thought this was a hotel, not a white trash penal colony.  Well, ok, in all fairness, it is not just a white trash penal colony, because it is full of trash of all races, creeds, and colors.  But, in complete honesty, if the human race had a trash can, it would be this dump.  I am, right now, in a "non smoking" room, that smells like the rugs were shampooed with chewing tobacco.   Or, maybe I just smell it from the next room, because the walls are so thin that you can hear a dog fart through them.  Walking through the lobby, it looks like a frigging zombie movie.  That movie "Leaving Las Vegas" should have been filmed here, because being here makes ME want to drink myself to death with a hooker.  There are two reasons to stay here:  1)  There is a blizzard coming, it is unsafe to be outside, and you are on foot, with no shoes, and you'll die before you get to other shelter, 2) you're trash and you want to be with the other trash.  Holy crap.  Get me out of this frigging dump.
4	i love the Texas!! its a cool layed back casino for the locals to cash their checks and get free stuff with a drink on the rocks!! love it!
4	lots to do, love Austins steak house!
4	They have a very good buffet for a very good price.
3	This is not my favorite casino, even though the bells started going off and I "won" 500 pennies, which I promptly returned.  I do like some stuff here, namely it's still $1 per point, unlike MGM.  But now they're starting to roll in those .40 and .50 minimum bet penny machines, just like the Big Boys, and that pisses me off.  I like playing slots as a mindless diversion.  I don't like to lose more than $40 or $50.  I never go with the idea that I'm going to win, so I'm never disappointed.  I NEVER WIN!!  EVER.  If I come out a couple of dollars ahead, I"m satisfied.  But you can't do that with a machine that gobbles all your money in two minutes. I'll wait and see if this trend continues here. The other feature I like at Texas Station is the Texas-shaped pavers that lead to the entrance doors.  Nice touch.  But not much, eh?
5	Like George Washington, I cannot tell a lie. Believe me when I tell you the Texas Station is a pretty nice spot. I mean, it's clearly not glitzy like The Bellagio or something, no, but that's not what this casino is trying to be. This place caters to a demographic that's a little less flash/bang/spend and more "I live here, and the margaritas are $1!"Yes, the margaritas here a dollar. Yes, they also have $2 shots. Yes, that means a lot of working-class people come here to drink and take it easy after work or on a weekend. Personally, that's half the reason I come to the Texas. I also come here because they have a movie theater, which is pretty cool. As far as movie theaters go, this one is basic: no IMAX or anything uber cool like that. Also, Austin's Steakhouse is pretty good. I've been there a few times, and I've never disappointed in either the service or the quality of the food. They also have a bowling alley here, though I never go because I suck at bowling. The gambling here is cheap, and I've spent an hour or five at the penny slots. All in all, this is a cool place. I enjoy the values, the variety of things to do, and the fact that there is no Strip pretense here.
2	This casino/hotel isn't one of my favorite places to gamble, but it is one of the places I do like to eat. The oyster bar does has some slammin' seafood and there is also a nice place to catch a buffet with variety. This place isn't all that enticing to come to if you're going to gamble, but if it is a a place close to your house, I wouldn't mind coming here at all rather than hitting the strip.
5	Winning!!$1 margaritas all day, every day?!?! For real?!?!  Yes!!! And $2 tequila shots!!Came here with the local hottie and we spent $6 for two margaritas and two additional tequila shots.  With $1 margaritas, I was expecting something along the lines of a lime slushie.  I was wrong.  For only $6 we got nice and tipsy with no wait and no cover charge.The only drawback is that I'd be tempted to stop here on the way to work and on the way home every day if I were a local.  It's easy to develop a tequila habit when yummy margaritas are only $1  ;)
4	Yee to the freaking haw.I was born and raised in Texas, so when I feel homesick, I go to Texas Station.  Seeing the cast impressions of jalapenos on those support columns always hit the spot to make me feel better.Okay, so it's not that bad, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little charmed and amused by the theme.I like "locals" casinos.  They don't try to be anything big and flashy, they just try to be.  And they carry the "Texas" thing enough without overkill.  I don't see a lot of cowpokes with handlebar moustaches that you could swing from like a child's gymnasium, nor do I see belt buckles so large that you could eat a meal off of (If you're wondering, "Tall Tales" are part of any good Texan's verbal repertoire, so I'm just keeping to theme.  It's vital to this review, you see).I've yet to try the restaurants here, though they do look good enough to be put on my personal "To Do" list.  I doubt that I'll ever book a room here, but I do like their movie theater.  It's actually really nice, and the staff there is top notch.  Seriously, I'm always impressed with the service there.The casino itself can get a little smoky at times, and some of the kids that hang around there are kind of sketchy, but I'm not filled with a sense of dread when I walk around.  I find this key to a good casino experience.There may be no basement in the Alamo, but in this instance, I'm glad that there is some "Texas" in this particular Station.  Sure, nobody adds a drawl to conversation, breaks into impromptu hoedowns, or claps in unison after the first two lines of "Deep in the Heart of Texas", but it definitely fits the bill for my synthetic down home experience.
3	Checked in here a few times - guess it's time for a review.It's a Station Casino property. As it's not the Red Rock, you can pretty much know that it's more geared for the locals. The casino never seems to be busy like the strip properties which is nice as I don't like walking around like a herd of cattle. That translates to ample parking considering they have a few parking structures. There's the usual bars, clubs and places to eat - including a food court but what's also nice is that there's a theater there. There may be other amenities but I'm usually here to eat.
4	This review is for their Oyster Bar which is one of the best, to me, in the city.Very good and the staff is always helpful.. Im def going to be a regular here!
3	Pretty basic casino for locals.   Sports book, bingo, slots and tables.  A bit smokey but not too bad.
4	I don't gamble but I live in Las Vegas (my mom moved us here 20 years ago). We come here mainly for the movie theater and the restaurants/food court- Baja Fresh (love this place- a discount is given to movie patrons), Panda Express, Fatburger, Starbucks, Dairy Queen, Sbarro (been to the buffet a long time ago, when this property first opened). I went to the club (tiny and crowded) a few times- also, a long time ago- in the beginning- Love Shack performed here (jeez, seems so long ago; don't know if they are still around). Surprisingly, in general, the casino itself is not very smoky to me, unlike many downtown properties (love that because- I'm not a smoker, and I don't want it sticking to my clothes, either). It's also not ghetto, either; lots of families come here. This is a locals' casino. There are two parking garages, as well as a parking lot in front. Head to the parking garage in the back for easy access ( ie. a shorter walk) to the movie theater (less crowded too).  Western theme with general casino design (no clocks inside, dim inside, no clear glass windows for fresh views to the outside).
1	Texas Station or bust -I'LL TAKE BUSTTEXSH#T Station - I use Yelp all of the time, but have never before left a review.  I am writing this one while in my room at Texas Station.  PLEASE heed my warning and don't stay here!  This place is disgusting!  There is a stench outside of raw sewage that permeates throughout the hotel and smells sooooo bad it was hard to sleep in the room with window shut and AC running.  We were forced to stay here with son's hockey team and even for one night it is AWFUL!!!!!!  Spoke to the manager and he ignored me and said I am only one who complained of the stench.  I doubt it since every parent on our team has complained when they step outside how awful the smell is.  The sink, tub and shower  have such slow drains that you are standing in 6 inches of water before you realize that yes, the drain is open!  If there was actually any water pressure, tub and sink would overflow before water drained out.    They ought to implode this place, but it is in such a bad area that no one would buy the property!  Any positive reviews are obvious plants by hotel staff.  Y'all Come Back Now - I think NOT...
2	Old place looks old bad location and the noisiest A/C in the room ever
3	I went to the sports book to place by bets and the line was very very long. But, I got through it in 8 minutes and made it "just in time" The sports book was very smokey and my clothes reaked. I wish there was a better ventalation system. I like the movie theater here. It is huge and plays later-night movies.I also like the food court. Fat Burger and Dairy Queen are here.
1	My husband and I went here for the buffet because he had good memories of one other time he tried the buffet YEARS ago with his family.Well, on our current trip I must say that this place sucked so bad that I don't know where to start.  I know, I'll start with the unhealthy, thick, life-stealing smoke in the casino that you have to walk through on your way to the buffet.  Oh, and then there are the depressing living dead looking people that you have to pass by who are wasting their time and money on the slot machines.  I mean, these people look SAD!!And my prize for taking the long walk through the joyless smokey haze?  Bland, uninspired, cheap quality, worst buffet food I have ever had.  This crap was so colorless and pathetic that I found it hard to believe that my husband could have ever eaten decent food here before.  What a waste of money and, more importantly, minutes from my life.  I get the heebie-jeebies just remembering it.  Talk about a bad dream that I never want to have again!
3	Family in town, so we're making the rounds with them trying many different casinos, looking for the "big win".  I think it's more like they are contributing to our economy, go mom!Walking around the casino floor, its seems they have spread out the machines, they do not seem to be so crowded, but I noticed they have cut back on some of the table games.  But I do not fear, nearing the holidays, I am sure they will soon move things around again.Overall, not a bad casino, clean, a little worn, but still a good place to meet with family for a fun night of gambling.
3	This is your average "locals" casino.  The facility is pretty nice and there are plenty of things to do here; gamble, bowling, movies, food.  I think that this is one of the nicer local casinos when it comes to cleanliness.
2	The only reason I ever come to Texas Station is for the oyster bar. They have those lobster pan roasts that are so delicious. Tides at Sante Fe used to have the same menu, but closed a few years ago. We dined here recently at the oyster bar then played slots and tables for a while afterwards. The casino has really gone down in ambiance and decor in the last few years, but this may be due to the current clientele. The last time I saw a movie here, there was a fight in the lobby in front of the ticket counter. This seems to be the ghetto version of the Sante Fe. They have a food court, Kidsquest, etc, but nothing other than the oyster bar to keep me coming back.
3	This is a nice casino for the locals, or people who want to escape the vibe on the strip. The atmosphere here is laid back, and the cocktail service is usually prompt. The machines at the bar tend to be a little tight, which you'll find to be the case at most casinos. I found some nickel machines at the end of the Whiskey Bar however, that let me play for a while, while the bartender brought me refills without me even having to ask.
1	Super cheap breakfast. I forgot to mention you get what you pay for. Las Vegas Known for late night deals. With 6 dollar steak and eggs and 3 dollar burger and fries. We were in for a wake up call. Service was great, bad timing though, they were apparently cleaning the grill. It took us almost an hour to get our food.Dried steak that should have been called beef jerky and eggs. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs. I couldn't even tell it was steak and it had lots of chewy pieces. My friends burger was cold and looked like a mcdouble from mcDonalds. The advertised quarter pounder was not impressive. For a few bucks more save your gas and spends the extra dough on something of better quality.
4	It's a nice quiet place for people who love to relax and want to be far away from the chaotic Vegas Strip.  I love the fact that this particular casino has a movie theater, bowling alley and a variety of restaurants... Down side, their buffet food isn't the greatest, but it isn't worst either. I didn't win anything at this place... Poor me!
2	The interior looks like Boulder Station, but with a different floor plan.  I had some Mexican dude asking me for a dollar as I was leaving.  Crappy!
3	As far as casinos go this one is pretty run of the mill. I do give it high marks for having a variety of stuff to do such as theater, pretty cool bowling alley, and a good variety of places to eat (restaurants, buffet, and fast food). I kind of wish that 3.5 was an option but since it isn't I will round down.
3	If you find yourself in North Las Vegas this isn't a bad place to go, I wouldn't make a special trip from Las Vegas. This is more geared for locals, that being said, they have a wide range of restaurants, slot machines and table games with low limits always a plus. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	Roaches and porn!!! Well it's not my usual type of hotel tht I would stay in, this looks old and smells like smoke as soon as you walk in the casino.  We're only here for the fight, otherwise I'd be near or on the strip.Ok so first off, we wanted two queens cuz our daughter is with us and a king is just a little cramped, but they couldn't help us.  Then, the room smelled musty and the ac didn't work correctly.  Then I was flipping channels and 3 of them had porn on them, luckily my daughter had her head buried in her Itouch.  We told the front desk and they said that they'll run for 24 hrs after the person ordered them. I think hotels should be able to shut them off as soon as the person checks out. What if my daughter had been paying attention?? That is unacceptable!!!  Then to top it off, I was in bed and looked down to turn the lamp off and saw a roach staring at me. Tht was it!! It turns out that it was only a grasshopper but that's still creepy!! They told us they were completely sold out but then they ended up moving us to a larger room!!!  On a positive note I do have to say that the staff is extremely nice, in the entire hotel and casino!!
2	As Casino's go, this isn't the most exciting or the most glamerous.  In fact, it is simply one of the average Station Casinos.  That said, the buffet is a great deal, they still have some old school slot games and I found $3.00 blackjack the other day.   If you want to make your money go farther, $3.00 blackjack is the way to go.  Like so many other casinos, you walk in and immediately smell like smoke for the rest of the day.  I can't last 1 hour in herear without my allergies acting up.They still have some of the older slots and I won 30 dollars playing Texas Tea.All your Station Rewards work here and it is usually less crowded than Red Rock!For bargain value a 3 star but they need some renovations to get overall 3 stars.  Still, if you want lower gambling limits and less crowds, this is the place to be.
5	Affordable. Friendy and Fun!The rooms are clean and well appointed. Check in was easy and fast. The pool was lovely in the early afternoon before it gets hot out there.Plenty of food options and great steak house and Oyster Bar.The Casino is clean and hoppin'Friendy atmosphere. Thanks
3	Texas Station is cool with me for three reasons:1. Lack of scene. If you're mediocre on the strip, you are smokin' here.  When I'm feeling unattractive, this is my go-to spot.2.  No customers.  Sometimes, I hate people and want to be far away from them all.  This place is deserted.  So, thanks, Texas Station, for contributing to my misanthropy.3.  Everything under one roof.  Theaters, bowling alley, oyster bar, sub par buffet, Dairy Queen, a ballroom where I once spent three hellish days, and a gift shop.  If I ever decide to pull a Howard Hughes, I'm going here.
4	My fiance & I stopped in here to check on rates for people coming to our wedding from out of state. Trish, the lady at the front desk, was very nice & suggested we talk to the group rates folks. Regina, the sales coordinator, put us together with Li'Shey, the sales director. She asked the right questions, made suggestions for things that we hadn't thought of & even took the time to show us a room. We ended up doing a contraxt for a block of rooms for great prices at 2 locations so our guests will have a choice. She has a wall of recognition from all sorts of people, the Thunderbirds & a Women of Distinction award; very impressive! Both ladies were so friendly & helpful! The only thing that kept me from giving 5 stars was the location & decor. They can't do anything about the location, but a renovation sometime in the not too distant future wouldn't hurt.
3	Three enthusiastic stars. Trust me on this. It's straight down the middle of the road, and if you keep your expectations in check, you're going to have a great stay.This off-the-strip casino and hotel is more than just a bunch of slot machines and hotel rooms; they've got a few things going on that set it apart from lesser properties. Though a far cry (not so very far, but far enough) from the splash and panache of The Strip, there are a few fun additions for the traveler on the budget.Case in point--a big ol' bowling alley downstairs. A stage in the casino area where a man and his band were belting out some serious rock country. A gift shop. Several restaurants. A food court. And of course, the movie theater. Many, many years ago I ate at Austin's Steakhouse (one of the food options in the casino) and had a tremendous meal. It looks like there haven't been many upgrades since then and the prices have dropped, but to be fair I haven't returned for a meal in years.The hotel portion is perfectly acceptable. The rooms are comfortable, not giant, but modern enough. The television was a disappointment with less-than stellar control and scratchy reception, but if you're in Vegas and you're watching TV you just might be doing it wrong. The bed was a little rigid, but I slept in spite of it. Though the elaborate sign over the door promised an incredibly fancy "Cardio Room," it actually held 4 machines (one of them broken), packed into a teeny space. I mean, that was just embarrassing. If you're interested in big group meetings or parties, they do cater, and they have a pretty sizable conference wing to the casino with big rooms for your shindig.Note that when you're booking, you're likely to see some pretty cheap rates advertised. You have to add at least 10 bucks to that for tax, and you'll also add $14 to that for their nonsense "Resort Fee." What is that "Resort Fee," you ask? It's $14 you have to pay. You get to advertise a cheaper rate, then add a fee. It's a gimmick, it's ridiculous, it's stupid. Even with that added price, though, you're still getting a pretty cheap rate.It's more than just a hotel. Not quite a full-fledged mega-casino. Keep those expectations in line and you'll have a terrific, budget-friendly stay.
5	Yay, another buffet that I really enjoy. I remember coming here as a child but never really paid attention to how the food was. Right when I walked in it was a pretty chill atmosphere.As I walked the the Gambling areas I noticed that they had .01 cent machines. (fudging awesome) I walked up paid my $6.99 for the dinner buffet. They have Mexican, Chinese, Italian, Texas barbecue, and many many more options.My server Adrian was one of the best servers I had in a longs time. She would come over very often asking if everything was OK.Every single food I tried here was really good.I would definitely recommend this buffet.
3	So the hotel & casino are nice. Don't expect to be able to get much reception to your cell phone in here though, if you have ATT or Sprint. The hotel room was pretty roomy, but I was really disappointed by the fact that there was no comforter/bigger blanket on the beds. It was just a sheet, thin blanket and top sheet. The bed wasn't bad though, I slept alright no aches or pains to complain about. The television is extremely outdated, but we didn't watch it anyway. I think the waitresses in the hotel could have better/sexier uniforms. Personally, they were more of an eye sore than a person I wanted to purchase a drink from. The resort fee that you have to pay after you check out is pretty ridiculous to me. Why should you have to pay for things they advertise as "complementary"? My boyfriend and I stayed for two nights for a wedding. The reception area was beautiful and the catering was amazing. That was the best part of our stay.The bowling alley downstairs is pretty cool and fairly priced. Although, the snack bar is a little pricey and when my boyfriend went to order a soft pretzel, the guy told him it was a 5 minute wait. Instead, we waited 20 minutes for a burnt pretzel. As far as food goes, the Grand Cafe has great food but we realized that we could have eaten at the buffet for a lot cheaper. There was a pamphlet advertising Room Service but another guest that stayed the same time as us were told that they don't deliver the food to the rooms. So much for ROOM service, hah.Next time I visit Vegas, I will be staying somewhere else. P.S. If you plan on having a wedding reception here, they charge you a ridiculous amount for champagne. If you bring your own champagne, there is a $9 fee per bottle opened.
4	The hotel is a great value for those staying in Las Vegas. It is north of Las Vegas, so a little bit of a drive from the Strip. Fine, if you have a car. The room itself was pretty nice. No smells, spacious, unlike other rooms I've stayed at in Vegas. The sheets, like another commenter noted, there is no duvet. Just two flat sheets with a fleece blanket. The fan works well. You have to put your card (or any card) into the socket near the door to activate the electricity.They loose a star due to the internet situation being confusing. You have it free in the casino, so just make it free in the rooms, unlike this Cox Hospitality business. My advice? If you want to use the internet? Just go into the main casino. It's completely free there.They also give you free slot play when you join the club ($3-$500). Of course, got the $3. It's confusing on how to use it, but basically it reimburses you for the money sort of... But the card is of better value for the buffet, which gives you discount. For breakfast, you can't beat $5 buffet... See the buffet review for more info.
4	My review is for the casino only.  They have a pretty good variety of slots and they're relatively loose, but they don't open the Ultimate Texas Hold 'Em table until 7 PM on weekdays.  :(  They have a KidsQuest and food court for the kiddos.I've won money more often than not at Texas.  It's a good gaming experience.
2	This place sucks! The room was clean, but there are a LOT of undesirables here, and the walls are paper-thin, I could hear the lady next door talking about buying her grandchildren chocolate through the walls!  The tv changed on its own, and the staff was unprofessional, would not recommend.
2	The buffett kept me thinking of the movie, Super-size Me, because everything was so salty, deep fried, or swimming in gravy; Although I must give Texas Station kudos for serving Menudo; again the Menudo was way too salty. I ended up skipping the buffett and settling for the Grand Cafe where I had omlets. My room made me think of what a half-way house must be like. Do not expect pillow-top mattresses or chocolates. I had to call the front desk three days in a row before the plumber showed up with a bottle of Draino-O to unclog the face bowl drain! I would have checked out after day one but I was attending a class nearby and my room was pre-booked. There was a dog obedience conference held at the hotel while I was there. Some of my classmates complained of dogs barking and crying all night!  What ever you do, I suggest not considering this place for a honeymoon otherwise you may end-up getting annulled in the morning-enuff said :-(
4	This is another stations gem. This company has clean casinos with a lot of food court options, restaurant options and great drink specials. The stations love locals!
1	ok the buffet is terrible. there was a cockroach running around like he owned the place near the omelette station. this place is pretty dead.
5	This place is fun and you can make a little money if you know what your doing. I love the poker room but yesterday I hit the slots up. And it was less stressful than being inside a poker game plus I made a pocket full of change. For those of you who know just how cheap I am you guys know I'm in heaven. Also inside this location we ate at a steak house called Austin it is also five star worthy all by itself. I had chop salad and wine with a nice steak this little spot is really hot and if you take a date their you both will love it. I would not call this place family ready because when I hit a nice place like this the last thing I would like to hear is someone's yelling or crying child. But over all I love Texas Station and  will return as often as I can. I don't play blackjack but when I return I will give it a try.
3	Texas is no way near as polished as the strip casino's and has way less tourists (like me). Excellent for some undisturbed roulette. Loved playing old skool bingo in the even more old skool hall. Staff is very friendly. The place feels real, no frills.
1	This hotel and Casino really sucks! I was at the slots and every employee that would pass by i would ask for the waitress, because I wanted to order a drink...  Well i spent $80 on the 1 cent slot and never saw a waitress..! I waited for 2 hrs! I guess at this hotel customer service is not an important factor!  Never coming back here AGAIN!!
2	We stayed on a Monday night for $30.23 (Used a Groupon deal 15.68/night and 14.55 resort fee) It also came with a coupon book.- Not very many people come here apparently. We got parking right next to the hotel!- Upon check in, the black guy at front desk says, "so are you gonna be like him and give me a hard time too? Complain about the $100 deposit!" LOL. "You know I ain't got my readers on, Go head and read me your address!" Come on now...- "Oh no more king rooms available. I'll put you in 2 queens." WTF.- Coupon book came with 1 play of free bowling. $3.75 for shoe rental. - Horrible fitness center. 2 treadmills but only one working. The tread of the one that is working is coming apart! fail. - Hotel room like Palace Station. 3 Star. Great view of a wall! YAY! - I agree with Tera, I have ATT and had poor reception at the hotel. - Don't play blackjack here. 6:5 6 deck. boo. - We ate the Grand Cafe at midnight and got the $1.99 special. Great value.
5	Really cool casino in North Vegas. Meant to look like a train station. They do get some nice shows there from time to time.
4	We used to stay at Texas Station all the time when we came to town, but we haven't so in a while.  The hotel is fairly nice, the gift shop is nice, but we decided to stay at Sam's Town once, and we were sold after that.  I like to play blackjack and there aren't that many active tables sometimes.  My husband likes to play video poker and there weren't many machines that he liked either, but we went this month, and enjoyed our visit more.  Perhaps we'll go next time we're in town.  They have a movie theater (which we've never been to) and restaurants, etc.  It's a good place that locals frequent.  We used to also visit the buffet but the line is always pretty long now when we go.
1	This review is for Craps only.  I arrived here last Friday night around 6 P.M. and the craps table was empty.  Here I was thinking WTF is going on?  How can one of the more profitable table games be empty on such a busy night?  I jump on the table and make a few bets and start me roll.  I dabble in controlled shooting, but most casinos don't really care if players set the dice.  NOT HERE!  After my first set of rolls (pit boss is watching the whole time) I hit my point and they switch stick-men.  The new stick-man stares at the pitboss, and as I'm starting my roll puts his stick out over the rail and in front of my shot... My dice hit his stick and I seven out.  I then politely ask if he can move his arm back just a little bit, as I'm not able to shoot around him.  He yells at me, saying that he needs to put his stick out to protect himself from the players and I can either step back, or leave the table....  I took my chips off the table and cashed out.  No wonder no one plays craps here.  If your looking for a good time, go somewhere else.
3	No bad room. Ideal size for two people with king size bed.  Looking forward to show tonight. Clean with plenty of amenities.
1	This review only relates to the Oyster Bar at Texas Station.Their decision to do away with the "lunch portions" will result in the elimintion of their lunch business.Dumb!
3	I went to the bowling alley for my sons birthday! They reserved our alleys like I had asked which was great! But the computers were outdated and kept breaking down the bowling alley employees had great customer service. And overall the bowling experience was great. We also orders pizzas and wings with drinks to eat and the food was good however the service was bad idk if they were overwhelmed with the amount of people that were there. But they were extremely rude.
3	Texas Station is a kind of a hit or miss casino you can't expect a lot it's a bit old, it's a little boring but at the same time it's got good deals on room rates, it's got Station's name under it to boot etc.... I will say this much I lost $200-300 in this place in 1 hour and got myself comp'd 3 rooms ever since and over 500 tier points.. so they def consider this a bit on the higher side of rolling the dice and pulling the slots.. If your in the area travel a bit farther down to Sante Fe Station or if your in the mood to just take a shot at some action at the Texas Station then go for it maybe you'll hit big I know they offer room easy if you give them some play.
4	Not much of a gambler but their buffet is above average considering the price. It's also not far from where I live which is a bonus!
2	What the heck happened to this place? It looks dirty, with people that look like they might actually be homeless sitting at the slots, and the casino itself is practically empty. The buffet isn't anything to brag about either. Even for a "locals casino", this place sucks. Probably because it's in a terrible area. Yuck!
1	I was not expect too much about Texas station since I booked it cheap but come on!!! At least be friendly and smile. We drive a long distance and we are tired too.The front desk, black lady, she yawn more than 6 times in front of my face and the breath is not smell good either.At check in, I have to pay $100 for deposit, WTF, if I know the hotel have deposit, no way I come. I feel secured when I cash in my pocket. The check in lady did not bother explain the rules and just gave it to me to read it. WOW worst customer service ever.The food was fair and cheap, parking is good since at 1AM in morning and it is only 24 car around.At morning, When I ask to extend 1 more day, they charge me for $60 total which I only pay half price include tax and hotel fee last night. With $60, I can go to strip and rent better hotel and better service.addition, It was so cold in room even I turn the heat to 83 and when I call for the front desk ask for more blanket., Never see the blanket or anyone call backconclusion, worst hotel ever in Vegas. I think Motel 6 is much better. I certain that I will never come back. I regret to spent time in that hotel and waste my value time in Vegas
4	This casino is close to home  has a movie theater food drinks  gaming rooms bowling almost you Need I fricken love itKids quest movies or bowling for the kids Food corts restaurant an oyster bar and a buffetLots of bars and machines to choose from
2	The hotel rooms might not be the most modern ones but they're fair for the price you pay. The room has been (mostly) clean and during our stay the location was very quit (which we were looking for). However, the fact that we had to pay an extra fee of $ 13 per day which has not been mentioned before is an unacceptable business practice not to mention the fact of price distortion.
1	iam a local wanted to get away for night room was never cleaned had to call 4 times for maid to clean up people in casino looked homeless had to keep a eye on girlfriend didnt trust people there people  never stay there again
1	Used the Priceline Application to book after midnight on my way back from the Grand Canyon to California. Thought maybe I would gamble a bit in the morning and grab a buffet. I was very tired and needed rest, but that didn't matter to the hotel clerk, some artificial blonde later in her 50's with a smokers voice. She said, I'm sorry, you booked your hotel room for "today", and all those rooms are full. Would you like to upgrade to a very similar type of room?  Clearly, they are using the application to scam people and not honor the prices Priceline books for them, yet are fine with using the application to advertise as the top 3 cheapest deals in Vegas.  The only reason I picked them instead of the other similar deals was the 3 star rating they had on Texas Station Gambling Hall & Hotel . Time to try to fix that so no one else drives 10 miles off the strip to find an empty hotel (2 giant empty parking lots at 5% capacity) that claims they are "all booked up" just so that you will have to alter your reservation and pay their normal prices. I was so tired and slept in their parking garage and upset that I (wanted to but didn't) pee on their steps. ;)
2	I have came here a few times to play craps.   Some of the dealers are extremely rude.. I dont know how they make it through there shift with out getting knocked out.   Buffet is okay..  oyster bar is great. Movie theater are decent
2	Booked months ago for a bowling tournament held there. When I arrived they had given my room away and we're sold out. Desk was unable to resolve issue. Manager got involved and found us a clean room,  "Clean"  my @$$! The bed was not properly made and there were beer bottle caps on the floor. Second star is for the bowling alley. They were great. Everything else was crap. Don't stay here.
4	This is a very conveniently located and friendly location.  The staff here are very attentive and helpful as well as courteous to newcomers.  I have brought several friends over with me and they were very welcoming even though I was the only paying customer those visits.  Also their buffet is very easy on the wallet for visitors or people you want to treat on a regular basis.
4	I like the Texas Station.Compared to the Strip Casinos it is very relaxed and laid back here.
4	Being from Texas i had to check out it out and i'm glad i did! awesome buffet for $8 and that includes your drink.kind of a quiet hotel but it is about 5-10mins north of the old strip.plenty of tables and slots,actually did pretty good on video poker,walked away with $90 after starting out with only $20
1	This Hotel is awful! I checked in for a 3 night stay only to find the room in a state of completely unsanitary to say the least. Immediately upon entering the room I noticed a lot of debris on the carpet and brown stains and spills on the wall paper. There was crushed potato chips on the telephone and the furniture and lamp shades were badly damaged and in need of some serious repair or replacing not to mention the view was that facing a brick wall. I immediately called FD and informed them of the issues. Chris the agent was very apologetic and asked if he could room move me which I accepted. As I was on my way to meet friends for dinner I told Chris I would pick up keys to the new room later in the evening when I return from dinner. I hung up the phone to proceed to bathroom to get ready for my evening when I saw the condition of the bathroom. Literally there were urine stains on BOTH sides of the toilet base, hair on top of the toilet, hair on the floor, hair in the sink and hair in the shower. My stomach literally turned!! I immediately went to the FD to check out! I was no longer interested in occupying ANY of There rooms! I spoke to Chris at the FD and showed him all the pictures of the room. He apologized again saying "oh I'm sorry this is bad". Although Chris did not have the authority to refund my nights he gave me the contact info for the Hotel Director Roberto and asked me to call in the morning for the refund and he would make all the notations in my account. I occupied this disgusting room for 30mins! When I spoke to Roberto the next day he didn't once offer any type of apology. He just listened to my experience, put me on hold, and then returned to say he would only be refunding me 2nights and would be charging me for 1 night being that I declined to room move???? I could NOT believe what I wad hearing! I also work I'm Hotel Management so I could not believe Roberto handled this so poorly. It was his staff that failed to provide a clean and sanitary room, and yet somehow it's MY fault and I must pay for walking in and declining to do business with them? I informed Roberto that I would be contacting someone higher in position as I would definitely will not be paying for some place I did not stay as a result of there incompetence. I was not only late for my dinner reservations with my friends as a result of this, but I also found my self at 9pm with no place to stay for the next 3days. I needed to now try to rebook hotel reservations elsewhere in the middle if the night. Roberto really seemed as if he could care less only saying "well there's no one else to talk to I'm the highest up" I informed him I would be contacting the Corp. office, which I immediately did after ending our conversation. When I spoke with Station casinos Corp. office the polite women listened to me and informed me that Roberto was not the highest level on property and there was a General Manager I could speak with. She gave me his contact info and his secretary~ Sofia's number and said she was certain they could help me. I contacted Sofia who was very polite and apologetic, and said although the GM was in meetings all day, she would get with Roberto and see what happened and would be contacting me back that day. She did! Sofia later said that when she contacted Roberto, he said he was refunding all 3 nights and I wouldn't be charged for anything! I thanked Sofia for her prompt assistance. But that's when the nightmare began....my credit card would go on to be charged, and the partially refunded, only to be charged again, and then partially refunded, and then literally charged a 3rd time!!!! In the end, I still paid for 1 night at the Texas!! No full refund was ever given. It has been 3wks. And nothing. After this terrible experience Texas had the nerve to charge me 1night room, tax and resort fee for minutes of me being inside there disgusting room. My booking agent is still investigating but EVERYTIME they contact Texas, there are told I won't be charged!! But the reality is I have been charged....repeatedly!! Do yourself a favor and DO NOT book here....what a nightmare!!!! I am trying to upload my pictures of the horrible condition of the room but somehow am unable to on Yelp? I will upload the pictures on Trip Advisor!
2	Have stayed at Texas in the past and have been very satisfied. Been a year since we stayed and I bought 3 nights through Groupon and was very disappointed when I checked in and they told me they couldn't honor the Groupon due to having no more coupons to hand out. My package came with bowling for 4 and free pizza,  free drinks in hotel, free bingo play and so much more. After much discussion they finally honored the bowling but nothing else. They told Groupon they ran out of coupons. If you sell a Groupon you need go make sure you honor it and have the same number of coupons you offer on Groupon.  Hotel is nothing special but was clean.
1	PLEASE dont waste your time or money going here! We got 2 nights king room for our 1 year anniversary (before going to a gifted timeshare) and im so glad I ddnt stay longer than 2 nights. 1st off our tub was DIRTY im talkin someones booger, hair and lotion on the wall of the freaking shower. The bed looked worn.   ( u shaped) and had a possible adjoining room so we heard our neighbors cussing out their kids and being loud in the am. Didnt mind all the black people, didnt feel "unsafe" but the hallway smelt like weed strongly. And no ac in halls. Even for a good deal of less than $40 for both nights (groupon) I wouldnt go again. Pool is pitiful thats y they dont even mention they have one. Not kidding. Hot tub size pretty much. Didnt use it. Just overall not a great experience at all. Bowling alley sucks. Movie theatre is average. Bleh. Thats about it. Will NEVER EVER come again.  They also sent me an email saying I had a reservation for the day I checked out,  to come check back in for 1 night so I had to call once I had already left. Waited on phone 10 minutes only to be told they had no record of a reservation and that my card wouldnt be charged again. Bars are closed or stink...seriously
4	I had a great time last night bowling with my daughter and son in law. Bowled at 179, 193, 211. Bowling is only $1 per game on Thursday nights. Bought 2 new bowling balls and a bag for my daughter and son in law. It helped their game. Very friendly and knowledgeable guy.
3	I love this place, not sure why but hey it's Texas ;) this is simply my best buffet. They have Mexican, Italian, Asian and American...everything I like. I have always had a great dining experience at the Texas buffet and will be back, time after time!
2	The rooms looks old, the beds are hard, all the decor is dated or beat up or in rough shape. It is deafly not one of the best station properties, we probably will not stay here ever again until upgrades are made to the rooms.  They need to spend some of that UFC money on up grading this property.
3	The Texas is great for family bowling. If you join a league they have excellent discounts. There is a good pro shop were they have balls for newbies and the highly excited experienced. Providing the ball you choose is in stock they will drill your holes on the spot with a short wait.
2	Definitely not a 3-star hotel. Barely a 2-star hotel based on my other multiple experiences staying in Vegas... Quite disappointed at the room cleanliness, quality of furniture, location. Everything looks old and depressing.
