1	Worst experience ever! I am usually the customer that sets up automatic bill pay and you never have to see or hear from me. Because of a billing error my insurance and registration canceled. Allstate never informed me! When I contacted my agent they said they sent out several notices, made phone calls and sent a refund check. NONE of this happened. I still have not seen the supposed refund check. I told them I believed there was an error with my account and asked for their help. SINCE THATS THE PURPOSE OF PAYING AN AGENCY FEE?!?!?!?!? I was told their was nothing that they could do to correct their mess up and I was basically on my own. The only help they would offer is to reinstate me after paying to cancelation fees. Needless to say, I switch to the online Geico insurance, since I believe after this experience that insurance agencies are truly POINTLESS!!!!!! and borderline detrimental. It cost me $500 to get my registration reinstated and this wonderful experience all happened during the Holidays. Happy Holidays to me. I am a firm believer of word of mouth marketing in this dog eat dog economy and I will be sharing this lovely experience with all online forums and with anyone that needs insurance. My advice to all you Yelpers, steer clear of Moe Elousta's Allstate agency. You pay extra to have an "agent" as oppose to just getting the insurance yourself and this agent did NOTHING for the year I paid him and did EXTRA NOTHING when I needed the help the most.
5	I've used Moe as my agent for auto, life, home, and renter insurance for 12 years and never had a problem. I read the reviews and they just don't align with the experience I've had. Moe always returns my calls right away, emails me the quotes when I ask for them and I've had only a few annual increases ever (mostly auto when there was a big shift company wide several years ago.Personally I would recommend Moe - he's an agent of a very large company and he doesn't set the rules, he just delivers the message. But for me, he just does it better.
