4	First of all I'm shocked that no one has written a review yet as it was part of the Crossroads Charlotte Taste of the World bus tour. The location is near Ben Thanh on Central between Kilborne and Sharon Amity, so it's not a stretch I frequent. Anyway I was a little nervous as I walked up and the sign above the door is in corrugated plastic.As I entered, the place has tables with glass tops over the tablecloths and basic chairs that were comfortable enough. It's a no nonsense interior - think Meskerem Ethiopian but less homey and less interesting.  You don't come here for the ambiance.However their menu has about 30 options on it luckily with photos for each item in a grid. While the owners are from Somalia, not all of the food is Somali. There is a selection of dishes primarily $8-10 mostly chicken, beef or goat. Jamile prefers chicken, and I have a thing against eating animals my family has kept as pets, so I won't eat goat.  (RIP our beloved nubian goats, Bravo and Symphony) I got something Jamile recommended that is of course not on the menu, but basically it's the Chicken with canjeera (Sp?) which is really similar to the Ethiopian injera flat pancake bread but less zingy. It came with spinach and potato (room temp but very good) and a side salad that was nice. It also came with water and mango juice all for $8. I told her it wasn't enough. So what the heck was Somali food like you ask? It wasn't nearly as unusual as I expected. The chicken which was spiced, yet not spicy was pleasant and mild. I couldn't identify any of the spices but it definitely wasn't overtly curry yet it was orange- possibly turmeric and some berbere?  It wasn't as similar to Ethiopian food as I had thought it might be except the bread.  Most of the dishes came with rice (which I heard was nice and moist), pasta (spaghetti) or a combo of both, or another bread called chapatti that was kind of like somewhat crunchy pita bread. I recommend the rice or my canjeera bread. It was a great value, and something out of your comfort zone yet not weird from a culinary perspective. Why not try it? The service was friendly and Jamile was lovely and was amused by our fun loving group. She even agreed to take a picture with us!  I will go back.
5	I've driven past this place numerous times and had no idea there was a Somalian restaurant in the back, off the street.  Thanks to the Levine Museum of the New South and plancharlotte.org for putting on a "Munching Tour" along Central Avenue and exposing about 20 people to new food.For $10, we received a plate called "chicken suqar".  The chicken came with bread that was like crepes.  You tear off a piece and then pick up some marinated chicken and some greens with the bread and pop it in your mouth.  Really really good.It was also served with a banana.  Well, I did some research and apparently this is very often served as a side dish with meal.  Knock knock.  Who's there?  Banana.  Banana who?I also didn't know the extent of Italian influence on Somalia and Somalian food.  I knew Italy had fought Ethiopia and lost (Italian military might has not quite been the same since the Roman empire days).  But I was completely ignorant about the Italy-Somalia history.The woman who runs the restaurant told us that she came to the US about 15 years ago and couldn't speak English.  She always loved to cook and when you have her food, you'll realize that's a good thing for the rest of us.There's also a little shop next to the restaurant and they sell all sorts of things like beautiful Somalian clothing, jars of dates, and toothbrushes made out of bark.  Seriously.What a great find - check it out.
4	Maaaaaaannnn! Wish i had heard about this spot earlier, I hitup Ben Thanh next door all the time! I was craving some goat stew yesterday and just happened to be browsing a restaurant review on jamiles in CL. Push comes to shove and here I am. Now, this is a place where somalian cab drivers come to eat so dont be expecting any fru fru service like you would get at a hooters, but the staff is kind and inviting, the food is pretty damn good (and incredibly cheap) and i felt pretty much at home here. I had the "Goat" plate which is basically goat with veggies and other stuff, ( i opted for veggies only) while i would have prefered stewed goat this was pretty good. Bowl of goat soup to go with it all for $10, you cant beat that. Caution: the hot sauce is really freaking hot, but mixes perfectly with the meats/veggies. HOpe i get to hit this spot again before i bounce out of the southeast! JUHEARD!
5	Coming to Charlotte from Atlanta, I was missing Hamdi and Medina (some of the best Somali restaurants in the southeast) somethin fierce. I searched Somali and African restaurants in Charlotte and, thankfully, found the two Yelp reviews on Jamille's fairly quickly. I pencilled in a visit as soon as I could. The owners/operators couldn't be nicer, and the chicken suqoor made my heart sing. When I opened up my stuffed-to-the-brim to-go box and saw a heaping pile of steaming chapatti, I nearly wept with joy. To ensure that you don't end up weeping for other reasons, try not to crave Jamille's on Mondays--it's the only day they're not open and serving. I've Britta'd this a couple of times myself, so no judgments. The warning's for your own good.In sum, Eat At Jamille's.
4	Great food! I always get the salmon.... Everything is fresh and delicious. Jamile is a gem and very hospitable.
