3	Finally, Pittsburgh gets the Trader Joe's that it sorely needed. This store is much larger than the East Liberty store with the same amount of products. I'll weigh the pros and cons of the new Bethel Park location.Pro - much larger store, wider isles, same amount of products. I asked one of the associates I recognized from East Liberty and she said that both stores carried the same items. I was here an hour after it opened, it was a zoo, every old lady wanted her free Trader Joe's reusable bag that they were giving away that day. I'm sure once the newness wears off it will become less congested. (Update, a month and a half after opening, this store is still highly congested. I did come one night at 8pm and had no trouble parking, and didn't have to navigate through congested isles)Pro - Traffic moves well on the road TJ's in located on, much like the Penn Ave storeThis leads me to the first con, the parking lot is a nightmare! There are other shops using the Iot besides TJ's, so it gets a little confusing especially with lunch crowds wanting to hit up chicken place next door. Another con, with the extra large store, I was a bit underwhelmed that they didn't have more vegan items, although I saw a few fat free cheeses that I allow myself. One item at TJ's that I have to send props to is the Spanish Extra Virgin olive oil. It's 5.99 for a giant bottle, in Giant Eagle that bottle would be 12 bucks! The Spanish olive oil is full bodied with a dark green color, and a slight peppery finish. I love to use this oil with whole wheat pastas, this oil compliments the nutty taste of the pasta. Add some olives, pignoli nuts, and a good earthy mushroom and you have a meal you'd pay 17 bucks for in a restaurant. This store is in a more conservative part of town, no hippy, college, crowd. This is the true South Hills crowd. Which doesn't really mean much to the shopping experience, it's just the vibe you get inside the store.If I had a choice I think I'd still go to the East Liberty store, I just wish the South Hills store was in East Liberty. Maybe the third Trader Joes will be the perfect store.
2	Trader Joe's has always struck me as the supermarket for people who don't like to cook. The amount of prepared, packaged, frozen and ready to eat items far outweighs the fresh here. The produce section here is as underwhelming as at any other Trader Joe's I've shopped, and none of it is local or organic. Plus, this location doesn't even offer the cheap booze and house label wines you can find at TJ's outside the state of Pennsylvania. I think people enjoy the novelty here, as you will find a few things under the Trader Joe's label that are good quality...I just don't think they're better quality than you can find at the Market District down the street. Once upon a time this market was interesting and definitely filled a niche, back when all supermarkets offered the same boring stuff. But times have changed, and I don't see much special about TJ's anymore. If you want a fun market head south on Route 19 just a block and check out the Uncommon Market...that place rocks. Hmmm...I feel another review coming on....
4	Yeah!  Welcome to the neighborhood!  Finally a Trader Joe's on this side of town.  Nice new store with wide aisles.Love the cured meats, inexpensive cheeses.  Yea there are a lot of frozen packaged foods for those that don't like to cook or in a hurry, that is great.  Had lots of produce and was not crowded.  They were out of a few products but it was later on Saturday.
3	Finally able to check out the new Trader Joes in the S. Hills.  I went on a Monday around 1:00 PM - what the heck are so many people doing there on such a random day and time?!?!  It was sorta annoying b/c parking was difficult, but once in the store, while it was crowded it wasn't ridiculous.The reason for 3 stars and not 4 - well b/c I've been to a couple Trader Joe's and they usually stores are set up the same no matter where you go.  Not the case with this location.  I knew exactly what I wanted, but felt like I was hunting around for it b/c they didn't put my items in the places where I usually find them.The location isn't overly large, so I feel like it can get congested rather easily.  The workers are friendly - whether this is due to the fact that it's new or they are actually that happy to be there, well time will tell.  While I doubt I'll make a trip here on the weekend (that would probably be my own personal nightmare) I may make the occasional weekday trip.  I might back off this location for a while until the novelty wears off so that I can shop around in peace.
5	My brother the trained chef swares by this place! And now I know why. Holy cow are there so many hard to find items or things that you could never imagine existed! I recently learned that the store has a large emphases on organic and nature friendly products, as well as many vegan items. According to Wikipedia: Trader Joe's pays above-union wages: as of 2010, full-time crew members starting at $40-60,000 per year and store managers earning in the "low six figures." It contributes to an employee's standard 401(k) plan.As of 2004, pay for entry-level part-timers was $8 to $10 an hour.Trader Joe's also offers health insurance benefits (dental, vision, and medical) to part-time employees and their dependents. Part-time employees must work 900 hours per year (an average of 20 hours per week) and be employed for a minimum of three months consecutively to qualify. All part-time employees are evaluated every six months with the possibility of a pay increase. They also receive a 10 percent discount on items bought at the store.Instead of public address systems, Trader Joe's uses a bell system to communicate. One bell means that assistance is needed at the checkout stand by any available employee. Two bells means that any possible help is needed. Three bells notifies any manager of assistance needed.I hope to move to this area soon so I can start my Trader Joe's shopping spree!
4	I really like Trader Joes. I'm super pumped that they have opened one MUCH closer to me than the one in East Liberty. They have some great frozen treats and I always find something new to try.  One reviewer mentioned that it was an "over priced Aldi's" and while it is owned by Aldi that's not how it started, Aldi just recently (in the past 10 years or so) purchased Trader Joes from the original owner (from CA, surprised?) They have a decent organic section and they are a more ethical company. I'm sad that there is no "two buck chuck" here, but I remember that we live in PA and I realize I'll just have to drive out of state!
5	This place is great!  They have a lot of their own brands and organic/natural foods.  It is easy to get around in the store and the check out is fast as well.  They don't have everything your big stores have, but have majority of the food items I need.  Everything is fresh and the prices are reasonable
4	As noted in previous reviews, Trader Joe's has a large variety of specialty, hard to find, and/or natural/organic items. I do enjoy walking the aisles to find new and interesting products. The specialty ravioli is one of my favorites as well as the all natural desserts. However, what other reviews failed to mention was the natural cleaning products. The main reason I stop at Trader Joe's is for the chlorine free paper products and natural cleaing products especially the laundry detergent. Chlorine free/recycled paper products seem to be hard to find in the stores. Giant Eagle Market District used to carry some Seventh Generation paper products but they haven't had any for well over a year. Before Trader Joe's, if I had to order all of my paper products online to be delivered. Now, I can find good quality, chlorine free, recycled paper towels, napkins and toilet paper for a great value at a local store. Their laundry detergent is also less expensive than the other name brands like Seventh Generation or Method but it works just as well. Yay Trader Joe's for helping me keep my family healthy and clean with less toxins!
5	I practically used to LIVE off of the food and drinks that I bought at our Trader Joe's store in Irvine, California, so I was quite pleased when they opened up their South Hills location, saving my partner and I trips all the way out to East Liberty in order to experience a joy from our past.  When I was under doctor's orders to eat vegetarian food, this place was a lifesaver with a wide variety of prepared foods that are delicious and affordable.  I definitely have a few favorites at Trader Joe's including their pizza doughs, Lacey's cookies, breakfast cereals, hummus, guacamole, and seasoned meats like carne asada and carnitas.  But they are always introducing new things for us to try, and it is rare for us to be disappointed with anything we buy there.  And if we don't like something, we have the option of taking advantage of a very customer-friendly return policy.Trader Joe's stores are always very clean, and the employees seem very happy to be working there and friendly to their customers.    Few people realize that Trader Joe's has a relationship with Aldi, another one of our "alternative" grocery favorites.  When Pennsylvania finally gets rid of their antiquated depression era liquor control system, then we'll all find out about a major strength of Trader Joe's:  Beer, wine and liquor sales the way that only THEY can do it.
4	I am very loyal to the Trader Joe's in East Liberty, however this location has wider isles and more parking.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  I like the free samples.  There are hundreds of products that are unique to Trader Joe's and it's fun to talk to other Trader Joe's fans about what products I enjoy the most.In particular, I buy a lot of yogurt, cereal, and frozen foods.  I also like their breads, OJ, trail mix, nuts, and flowers.The prices beat Whole Foods and also Giant Eagle.  Shopping at Trader Joe's is fun!
4	This is a great Trader Joe's. They are always sampling chips and dip or some other food. Workers are also knowledgeable about products.
5	I love Trader Joes and was really happy that they opened this location as it's closer to where I live compared to the East Liberty store.  I love almost everything I buy from there but I really love the trail mixes, frozen dinners and the whey protein powder mixes.  They have an interesting variety of products. I like how much bigger this store is from than the other...less aisle traffic jams.  Everyone that works there is always super friendly too :)
5	whats not to like, great products,great prices and friendly staff. They take returns without question. One day when it was slow the cashier let my 3yr old scan all the groceries, she made his day.Only wish they sold their wine
5	So glad that the South Hills now has a Trader Joe's!  They have a great, easy to navigate layout.  The employees could not be friendlier!  Everyone was so nice and helpful.  My favorite part of the store has to be the "Kennywood" art right above the restroom's--There is even an "Open" sign included in the art work. . .well played Trader Joes, well played :)
4	Let me just start off by saying... I ADORE THIS PLACE. Everything about this place, I love. I love that they do not have plastic bags and only carry paper brown bags. I love their healthy selections, their incredible produce department , their beautiful flowers that they have year round.. And all of their products. Here are some of my favorite things: Indian veggie burgers- these are incredible, potato like burgers with a slight hint if curry; they go perfectly with trader joes Mango chutney- which is also incredible. I love their tangerine juice, it's such a nice unique twist on orange juice and super sweet. Trader joes unsweetened vanilla almond milk is the best almond milk I can find. Their meatless mandarin orange chicken is my FAVORITE. I buy it by the dozen. Trader joes is the cheapest place for healthier options like quinoa, coconut milk ice cream and meatless options too. Their meatless ground beef is my favorite. They have amazing customer service and will take back anything if you have your receipt. I have tried a lot of their dried fruits and I bought dried peaches once and hated them- they took them back without even blinking. The only item that I do not prefer from trader joes is their meat items- my boyfriend loves their rib eye, but considering they do not have a butcher on the site, I do not buy their meat.. I don't know how fresh it is and therefore I do not trust it. That's the only reason they have not received 5 stars from me.. I love trader joes overall and it's a must for my biweekly grocery shopping sprees.
4	Miriam W. made an extremely valid observation, TJ has a lot of prepared and prepackaged product which is nice to have around for busy days. I mainly go for produce, cheese and hormone free grass fed meat and to stock up on frozen out of season veggies. The prices are better suited for my budget than the one's found at Fresh Market down the hill.
4	This is by far my favorite place to grab groceries in the South Hills! Sure, there are trade-offs with products and variety, but it's overall a much more pleasant place to shop than nearby competitors. While it's smaller than the nearby Market District, it's much easier to access. Yes, the parking lot is a hot mess, so be sure to keep your wits about you before your expedition into TJs. This Trader Joe's treads the line between having everything and not having enough. It's perfect for a quick trip for milk, produce, or other essentials, but I'd think twice before doing a massive shopping trip there. If you need to do a massive haul, or shop for more obscure ingredients, I recommend going over to the Market District. There have been trips where I ended up needing to go to both, since TJ's just doesn't have everything. But, for basics and most shopping, it'll do the trip. On the other hand, it is so pleasant to shop there. Like every Trader Joe's, the store has a very friendly, well-trained staff. I always leave with tips to try new products, or suggested recipes for my purchase. I also love the store brand soap and skincare line. The hand soap smells awesome, and I love the shampoo!When I'm in the South Hills, I'll always stop by Trader Joe's. Fingers crossed someday we can get some Two Buck Chuck!
