5	This restaurant is the best kept secret in all of Phoenix.  It is a family-run Chinese restaurant in a strip mall, so it is unpretentious.   And, the prices are very reasonable.  But, the food is exceptional.  Everything on the menu is something you can recommend to your friends.  It is the standard by which all Chinese restaurants are measured ... literally.  You will notice that I have given this restaurant five stars.  Any other Chinese restaurant that I review here will be measured against this one.  It's that Good!
5	its all in the name!! There food is great. We used to drive some distance to eat here and thankfiully we are close to it now. We always order the chicken lo mein.. IT IS SOOOOO GOOD. All of their food that we have tried is great. Plus if you eat in at lunch time you can get a combo with soup, egg roll one crab puff and what ever you choose for $5.. WISH THEY DELIVERED :) Happy eatingItems we have eaten and would recomend:chicken lo meinegg rollsbeef and broccoliorange chickenshrimp,chicken fried rice
5	It's a really nice and comfortable family-operated restaurant. All items on their menu are delicious in great portions and at affordable prices. Great for families or friends to meet for gatherings. Absolutely love their orange chicken and sizzling rice soup!
4	I agree with Hank. The prices are very reasonable (a lunch combo is $5) and they give you a ton of food. My group ordered, S&S Pork, Sesame Chicken, Orange Chicken, and Kung Pao chicken... no one was dissappointed. (Plus, they only use white meat chicken - bonus!!)
5	Great food at a very aforable price. They serve very generous portions. Great Lunch Specials under $6 for quality food. Only recent bad thing is that they charge for refills.
5	Best Chinese foods in town!
3	When you dine here, expect to receive a lot of food - you definitely won't go hungry. They serve standard Americanized Chinese fare, and I find the quality of the food to be a tad above most Chinese restaurants of this kind. Service is friendly and prices are good. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if you're in the area (Maryvale), this is a good choice if you're hungry and want a lot of decent quality Chinese food.
5	I have to admit this place is definitely one of the best Chinese restaurants I have eaten at in a long time. Cheap lunch special, tons of food..... can't get any better than that. I had the sweet and sour chicken and it was soooooo good. I barely put a dent in my plate because there was so much food. Definitely coming back.
5	This place deserves 6 Stars!Was in the neighborhood on business and dropped in.  The place is clean, service is prompt and the menu was very reasonably priced. We asked for two waters with lemon and they gave us two large glasses with a generous portion of lemons in the water.  Food portions are large--you won't be leaving here hungry.  Most importantly, the food is DEELISH!  Amazing food.  We had the lunch specials, $5.25 and $6.25 respectively.  The 6.25 dish was shrimp with lobster sauce and it  had 9 shrimp!  The fried rice that came with it had no meat in it but it was very tasty. The special also came with soup, an egg roll and a wonton. You can't beat that.  My companion had chicken with vegetables (5.25) which he requested very spicy and indeed he got it, very spicy. Most places you tell them spicy and they are afraid to do it.  Nicely Done!  Chicken was very tender. I can't believe a restaurant this good is so far out there on the west side.  If it was closer to home I would be there every day!   If you live close by, you should really give them business. I would hate for a place like this to go out of business (although I was told the place has been there for a while) I still have the egg rolls from the lunch in the fridge. Excuse me,  I think I will eat them now.
5	Delicious food, generous portions and good price. Had the beef fried rice, sweet&sour pork and house egg foo young. All yummy especially the fried rice.
4	Thank you fellow yelper's for this recommendation! Probably the best chinese food in the west valley!
2	All the 5 star reviews are very odd to me. Stopped in for lunch and got a lunch special.  Service was fast but poor.  Guy didn't even look at me when he took my order or put my drink down.  More importantly, the food sucked. If this is "the best Chinese on the West Side" I am glad I live in Gilbert. The fried rice was terrible. Not really fried rice, just seasoned rice.  I got like a pound and it had about three bites of egg.  The egg roll was over sized, mealy and mostly cabbage.  I ordered the green onion beef and got the broccoli beef.  The beef was overcooked and chewy.  It came out fast so I bet it's on a warming table in back and seemed like it may have been there too long.  They get 2 stars for the huge portions.  So if you are really hungry and have lost your sense of taste in an industrial accident try it out.
4	Reeereee good food!  Me rikee....arot!
2	Not bad, but not great.  Service was really friendly, and prompt.  Food was "meh", maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.
5	Wonderful dinner....share a dish unless you like a lot of take-home...it's not in the best of neighborhoods...but if you are in the area,eat here...very nice service and friendly wait-people
2	I have lived here my entire life and I have been searching for descent Chinese closer to my area forever. I just moved to Avondale. I was sent here on a recommendation and reviews. I am not a fan. Sad to say Panda is better eek :( I ordered pork fried rice, orange chicken, chicken egg foo young and mongolian beef. The pork fried rice was ok. no veggies(which I found odd, but ok) and no egg(which I found very odd). The orange chicken was not good. I like salty food, but very salty and no orange or spice and the texture was odd, not good. The chicken egg foo young was ok. I've had nastier and I'd eat it again so I would say ok. The mongolian beef was also very salty and the texture was odd and it didn't taste like mongolian beef. The portions were a good size and the prices were fair, so if you have persnickety palate do not waste your time.
4	Egg drop soup & spring rolls are excellent. I always have fresh warm sweet & sour with spring rolls.
5	I love this place one of my favorite Chinese food places to go to. You get so much food. Sizzling rice soup is bomb. I love everything I have eaten here over the years. I also love to have a nice cup of hot tea too. The service is fast and friendly. Everything is fresh too. You know these guys must be doing something right if they have been open probably almost if not more than 20 years.
1	The food wasn't bad, but it did lack flavor. They have great lunch prices and fast service....but, I probably wouldn't go back.
5	Good China is the place to go if your on a budget, want good food, and want to invite some friends or family. This is the place we go whenever we want to share some laughs. Our family consists of eight people and we usually order an order of: Broccoli beef, Fried Rice, Mongolian Beef, and sweet and sour. Reviews are true the owner or manager is kind of rude at times but you can't beat the prices and the food. Also, if you work near by they have lunch specials nothing is over $6.50, and you get fried rice almost everything on the regular menu, and an egg roll. Can't beat those prices.
5	This is definetly a hole in the wall, the 5 stars are based on food, service is fast but not overly friendly. Love their Seafood Soup.
3	I previously gave this place with 5 stars. The food is terrific and their flavors are spot on. The reason why they have 2 stars taken off is those dirty plates + glasses. We found some black thing on our water.For me cleanliness is so freaking big deal. I would still come here and give them one more chance. Mind you, this is my 3rd visit when this happened. The previous visits were all good. I hope the manager let the guy know to clean the plates better. :)
4	The  food is good. I took it to go. When I got home I realized that part if my order was wrong.  I called them, the man I spoke to said to take a pic of the food to show it to him. I went in on the following day, and got my order replaced, and he even offered me some rice to go with it!!! Pretty good food.  Ill be going there again.
5	They make the best shrimp fried and chicken fried rice you'll find in Arizona. The area may be rough, but don't let that deter you from trying their food! Great food and great service!
5	Food is good, waiting times are short. Everyone is friendly. Serving sizes are huge so it'll fill up anyone and pricing is really reasonable.
4	Their food was delicious. My husband and I loved the egg drop soup. The waitress was very friendly and attentive. Their egg rolls where not that great but everything else was delicious and freshly made considering the tame we got there. We are definitely going back!
5	The war wonton soup is the best in the Valley! Their portions are huge and we always have massive amounts of left overs. Try the chef specialties like the seafood platter and the special China chow mien. My favorite here is the Crispy Duck, Orange chicken and house lo mein. Yum!
5	The lemon chicken is amazing the orange chicken is amazing the egg drop soup is amazing the wings are amazing..
