5	I've been to many salons from California to Colorado..and this nail salon is by far the best place I've experienced..hidden in sun city. South of grand and north of peoria ave .is well worth the drive..i never have uneven nails and they take pride in their work..
5	Kings World NailsPeoria 85345I live in CA and I really love my local girls I've been going to for over 10 years...Kings World Nails, you are by far the BEST nail salon I have been to!!!!  Shellac Mani/White tip pedi, callous peal, and eyebrows waxing: $66!!! By request, all done in under an hour! I understand this may very by day or by season...nonetheless, I was blown away!!! The foot/leg massage was super long and very soothing.  My nail polish on my toes and fingers lasted way past the normal expectancy.  And my brows still look great.  I wish I could move you here to CA!!  Thank you!!
3	When it comes to pedicures, I'm no expert but I would give them top scores. They are super friendly, did a great job and feet looked fantastic. I don't understand why it adds $5 to work on your calluses but ok. It seemed like there was a lot of add-on pricing and they definitely pushed additional services but then again, it is a business.For the manicure, I was super happy when I first got it and they seem to use top quality materials but my nails started lifting around the cuticles within a week. It was my first time getting nails in 10 years so I thought maybe it was me. They told me to wash my hands less and it took about 2 weeks to start lifting the second time. Maybe it is worth it to pay a little more elsewhere?
5	Great nail salon! Very clean!! That's what I love the most. I have been known to walk about of salons that are way nasty! They always use fresh sterile tools out the bag just for you. The owner is a sweet woman as are her employees. Another hidden treasure.
5	Seriously the best pedicure and service I've ever had. They offered my friend and I water and did a lengthy massage. All the people working there are so friendly. I've lived in the valley for awhile but haven't really found a place I've wanted to genuinely come back to until now. Try it!
5	Went in to get my nails done. I highly recommend getting the facials they offer. It was the most amazing facial EVER! Perfectly painted gel nails and AMAZING brows. They use a sensitive wax, so no bumps or irritation afterwards. Also was given complementary water at no extra charge. I highly recommend making this your forever nail shop, I definitely did.
5	Absolutely love coming to get my nails done at King World Nails! Tina does an excellent job finding out what I want and making sure my nails turn out the way I want them. The service is amazing. I can't wait to go back and get a pedicure along with my nails!
