5	I can't believe no one has reviewed this place yet!  They made a sad situation more bearable.  I took my little Kevin who was only a few weeks old to be cremated. When I got there they ask questions about her and were very engaging and sympathetic.  They said it could take 5 days to get her back, but I was able to go collect her in less than 2 hours!  Yesterday  I got a card in the mail stating they were sorry for our loss.  The really nice touch was it was hand written and they called Kevin by name, very personal.  I am getting all choked up right now.
4	These wonderful people helped me and my husband in November 2011 just two weeks after we moved to Phoenix and my bunny suddenly passed away due to stress of moving from Orlando, FL to Phoenix, AZ. They took great care of us and him we were told we will get him back in 5 to 7 days but we got his remains the very next day. As of today 9/18/13 my female bunny Emi passed away, so we took her here since we were very happy on how we and our male bunny Little Man were treated.  Will refer our friends to these wonderful people.
5	Friendly and compassionate people. We've used them for our three cats Lucy, Tootsie and Spot. And our ferret Chuckles. They gave us a discount for the multiple pets discount. They even took our cat whom was buried in the backyard for a year. They gave us the cedar box for free due to Tootsie being our 4th animal taken to them. Very nice and affordable place.
5	Wonderful people that make a hard time a little bit easier. Very respectful and really liked the fact that they have a private room you can go into and say your final good-byes if needed. They didn't rush us and gave us as much time as needed to say goodbye and compose ourselves again before leaving. I too received a wonderful card from them after using their services. Highly recommend.
5	Mike and his staff went above and beyond. They did a wonderful job on our beloved Amber. .. I felt like a friend was doing the cremation and not a business or some strangers they put so much care and compassion in their work I couldn't ask for the whole process to be done any other way.Thank you so much!!!!!
