2	This used to be Johnny's Uptown.Started our evening here for the Lightrail Pubcrawl.The location is in the back corner of a strip mall, and isn't obvious. More signage would help.The interior is nice. They have an interesting raised seating area in the rear of the place that, when packed, would be appreciated.The prices weren't great, but as we were doing the pub crawl we were afforded discounts for having worn the t shirt.I would not likely return, as the musical genre isn't my norm, and the pricing is a bit high. But it is a nice place, and they should be thanked for their participation in the pub crawl.
4	Great place to escape the norm! We knew this placed opened last month, and have not had a chance to enjoy it. So last night we made our way over to Doc's to check it out.. we got there early... 7:30, so it was that weird "in-between" time ..so the place was not packed yet. Doc's has a bar/DJ room.. and then they also have the Dinner/Show room. We had a few drinks in the Bar/DJ area, it was great to have a DJ in an upscale bar. Our bartender was awesome, attentive and sociable. When the band started playing in the Dinner/Show room, we went over there to check it out... just outside the two rooms is a large patio with a nice fire pit, lit and warm! This is one of the nicest smoking area's I've ever seen in Arizona and with the windows to the show bar open, you can enjoy the music outside! The band was great, and the staff warm and friendly. We shared a HUGE plate of the Grilled Chicken bow tie pasta... Grilled chicken atop bow tie pasta, with tons of veggies all stirred up in a creamy garlic sauce...YUMMY!!!!!! The pate was more then enuf for two. It was great to relax, enjoy a nice meal and watch a great jazz band. We understand from other patrons, that they often come to hear Nayo Jones sing, they say she is awesome. We can wait to come back and see her. The location cannot be beat... just a short walk from the Light Rail stop. Happy hour is Tues-Sat 5:00PM to 7:00PM and we hear their "Salsa Thursdays" 8:00pm-? (5.00 cover) are great! Even if you have dinner somewhere else, this is a great place to come and relax and listen to some really good music afterwords.. no cover Fridays and Saturdays!!!
5	Went to this place about a month ago, Comedy night...it was great, Aida Rodriguez was there, very good atmosphere..then we ordered the Salmon for dinner & it was amazing.
3	Decided to try Doc's last Friday. I used to go here often when it was A League of Their Own and remembered great jazz and decent food. We sat down in front of the stage and noticed what a cool and open set up they had. Great  for groups and there were a few birthday parties going on.The service was horrendous. We got a drink order in and had to wait about 20 minutes for it. Then remind the server, and order again. That pretty much sums up the experience for the entire evening, waiting and waiting for our server to come by, we were the only white people in the place so we were pretty hard to miss, yet our she kept forgetting us. The other guy who wandered around was perhaps the most clueless person I have encountered in ages. He didn't know what type of music was playing, didn't know what sweet tea vodka was, didn't know how to tie his shoes... Seriously...That aside the food was AMAZING. We started with fried green tomatoes, they had cornmeal breading and were crunchy and delicious. They were so delicious in  fact that we placed another order of them before our food arrived. For the entrees we ordered a fire baked potato which came with grilled prawns and creole sauce and the bayou chicken which was rolled in shrimp and wrapped in bacon and nested in a black buttered rum sauce. I couldn't believe how tasty and cheap the food was. (see pics). The band played decent typical jazz covers.I highly recommend the food and as long as you can bear the service, you'll have a great night.
4	Nice place to close the evening with.  We went on a late Friday night and had excellent service and great entertainment.  The servers made us feel very warmly welcomed with genuinely friendly attitudes.  They are open until 2:00 AM every night and have a great dancefloor, it's a little small but I like it that way because it's more intimate.  I love the cozy booths and you HAVE to try the fried green tomatoes appetizer!  Oh it was a little hard to find but it's in the corner of the shopping center so when trying to find it at night you probably won't see their sign from the street.  If you are wary of trying this place get a coupon from restaurant.com for them.  We got the $25 coupon.
4	I was only here for a bit, so I read the reviews and took them in to consideration. A lot of complaints about the location. I happen to love it. Although, I'm also not wearing a shirt as a dress, fk me pumps, and a gucci purse. And I don't like boys with popped collars and sunglasses.. at 11pm. I like being secluded. If you want to be seen then go party by the stadium, hang out on the patio, and bob your head like an idiot. There are girls that like that. It's ambiance that you have to appreciate here. So don't expect to hear "hey brahh, grab me a jello shooter!" If that sounds like something you would like to hear, then really- why even bother? Lots of parking, awesome patio area, super chill, classy (but not booshie), lots of space. I specifically went in looking for a location for my "wedding afterparty" And it totally fit the bill. Nayo is Doc's daughter and she showed us around. She was so nice and took the unprepared time to talk to us and make us comfortable. We checked out the swing dancing competition that was totally awesome. I wish we had more time to pull up a chair because the jazz band was tearin it up. But we had to catch a movie. I'm going to give this a 4 star for now simply because I haven't had enough experience to go for the full 5. But we'll be back this week for a drink. I hope this is the place we choose. And I wish my guys were wearing pinstripes and suspenders.. but it's way too late for me to switch up the wedding attire. All in all, I totally loved it. Will be back to review more later...
1	Sticky tables, dusty wine glasses, food-encrusted flatware, dirty dishes: If any of these things are enticing to you, then you should ignore this review and rush right over to Doc's place. We went because the menu looked intriguing, but that is probably the only interesting thing here. We sat, not in the showroom (we were a larger party and wanted to be able to converse, which would not have been an option with the blaring music and off-key singer), but rather at a corner table in the "restaurant." I'm not sure how this place actually passes inspection - it's oddly constructed and thankfully dark - I would hate to see this place in full daylight. Our table was a cross between a cocktail table at a dive bar and the spinning disk for Disney's Teacup ride. The server, though incompetent, was very sweet, so I don't want to fault her personality, but there was no training in table service here from any of the staff. Dishes were unceremoniously piled into the middle of the table and then cleared. Water was filled, but then put back randomly onto the table, leaving us to guess which water glass belonged to which diner. The food (I'll get to the quality of this in a moment) came out in three to five minute intervals - clearly the kitchen had no concept of timing the completion of the dishes. Okay - the food. Because despite all of these things, it is possible that food can save a restaurant. Not here. The appetizers were the best part of the meal, and they were sub-par at best. The main courses ranged from inedible (oxtail) to unremarkable (salmon) to just plain weird (grilled shrimp baked potato). You know, this space is really unique, and nobody has ever known what to do with it. It looks like the old supper clubs from New York. Someone should be cleaning this place up, hiring a big band and some throwback singers (think Doris Day and Ella Fitzgerald) and really work the nightclub angle. But it's always, in all of its many incarnations, a huge disappointment.
4	Came out to support Amy Donohue who was part of a Comedy Show tonight. Had never heard of Doc's before, so as any good Yelper would do, I read the reviews. I was a little worried about how the service would be based on the reviews, but figured I'd keep an open mind and see what happened. We got there as the doors opened at 7 and were seated right away. It's a beautiful place, very classy. Service was fast and our server was really nice. I wonder if the service was prompt because we were there so early? Who knows. What I do know is we got our drinks, appetizer and our meals in under 30 minutes. And they checked back often throughout the evening for drink refills.The food was AMAZING. I had this huge baked potato smothered in creole sauce with prawns and roasted veggies. Hubby had chicken in pasta with the same sauce. I wanted to take home a gallon of this sauce so I can cook with it at home. SO good.I'm not sure when we'll be back- it's quite a trek from Gilbert. It's also gets on the pricey side when you have a door fee and dinner on top of it. But to come out and support a friend it was totally worth it! If you're in the CenPho area I'd definitely recommend going and eating here once or twice. Did I mention the food is OMG SO GOOD?
3	Doc was an amazing host last night!  He's got to be one of the friendliest and supportive owners I've ever encountered.  Performed here last night and the room is absolutely beautiful!  I was a little disappointed that I could hear the jazz from the room next door over the other comedians.  It was distracting.  It's a great concept to have live music like that, but the door between the two rooms wasn't thick enough and didn't shut all the way to stop the noise infiltration.The service was what takes a star away.  I don't drink alcohol.  I drink water or seltzer.  It should not take 15 minutes to get this.  When my first drink was delivered, I told the girl to keep 'em comin', as I was performing that night and needed to stay hydrated.  I didn't have trouble the rest of the night.  I am actually looking forward to having dinner there.  Everything that I saw around the room looked really good and their prices seem reasonable.It's within walking distance to my place, so I'll definitely be back.  Plus,the bruthas love me.
2	Last night I attended a comedy night in the lounge.  I enjoyed the comics although I think they might have been better in a different venue.  All of the employees I came in contact with were very pleasant and intent on providing a peasant environment too watch the show.   However there were tons of miscues.  Folks were either not getting their orders in a timely basis or, in the case of waters or drinks were getting double orders delivered.  Also folks who ordered food by the time of the first act did not get their orders until the 4th or 5th act.  I am not sure whether it was due to an in improper system or whether nobody was expecting a sold out crowd.A few of things made it hard to enjoy the show:  The extra drama caused by the folks either not getting their orders in a timely basis, the music coming through the doors adjoining the lounge and the overhead lighting in the South end of the lounge being controlled by the music in another part of the restaurant.Even still I may be tempted to go here again as I do enjoy a glass of wine and some jazz.
2	I went to Doc's for a comedy show a few nights ago.  I had high hopes on walking in.  The room was really nice.  Big leather booths in the back and lots of tables, including tables for 2, with plenty of space in between them. That actually matters to me.  I don't like to be too close to strangers.  Hell I don't like to be too close to my friends half the time either, which explains a lot about my social life.When we came in we weren't sure where to sit, but asked at the front and were told to sit anywhere we like.  We chose a booth.  Not long after, the hostess came by and asked who had seated us there.  I think maybe she would have preferred we sit at a small table, but she was very accommodating.  This is where the beginning of a night full of "I don't have my shit together" employees began.Several parties were coming through the restaurant, but there was no one at the door to collect the cover charge.  Two gals next to us ASKED their server if there was a cover, and the server basically said "I guess not if you came through the restaurant."  They asked a second time about paying and were told "I don't think they charge cover until 11."  That makes perfect sense, right?  Charging cover after the show is over.  It made me wonder how much money was lost that night.Our server was certainly no better.  I ordered a "honey deuce" (grey goose, chambord, and lemonade) off their drink menu.  The server looked at me confused and left.  About 10 minutes later, he comes back empty-handed and asks again what I had ordered.  At that time, we ordered dinner.  We had come pretty early (about 45 minutes before show time) to minimize service issues.  It didn't work.  Our appetizers were a little slow, but not too bad.  The presentation was very nice, but unfortunately, that was all they had going for it.  The salmon croquettes were too salty, and frankly tasted like a frozen product.  The southern shrimp we ordered grilled, and while tasty, it was just shrimp with an average cocktail sauce.  What was unappealing was paying $9.99 for 4 shrimp.After our appetizer plates were cleared, we waited for an entree we were going to split.  And waited.  And waited.  It was pretty clear it was never coming.  Finally the server came by and told my husband something about the order, blaming the kitchen.  Blaming the kitchen doesn't work for me.  Had the server been paying attention to our table, he would have discovered the problem at least 15-20 minutes earlier.  But the Miles Bayou Chicken did finally arrive ("Chicken Breast rolled in shrimp and vegetables, wrapped with maple bacon,  crusted with black peppercorn, served with a sweet black butter rum sauce").  Doesn't that sound good?  I suggest you savor the description, that was the best part of it.   I don't even recall there being shrimp involved with this dish.  The chicken was sliced and didn't taste like fresh chicken.  It tasted more like the chicken breasts you can buy frozen that have water added.  The entree wasn't horrible, just not nearly as good as it sounded.Perhaps the service is better in the restaurant, but I wasn't pleased enough with the food to go back for dinner.  I wouldn't hesitate, however, to go back for entertainment.  We did have a good time in spite of its shortcomings, and there is a Dairy Queen right across the street.
4	WOW , what a nice surprise.  I thought the music was great.  First time customer and didn't know what to expect.  The food was great.  Definitely will be a return customer.
4	Vibe is fine and music was good the night we stopped by. They had a jazz trio playing standards. The alto playing band leader was funny and a great player. We stayed for about an hour and then took off for more music elsewhere.
4	We haven't eaten here, but the food coming out looked really good. This is a 2-part venue. The first is a wrap-around restaurant/bar that showcases open mic and smaller bands. The second entrance is the actual big venue. If there is a cover, you would pay it here and proceed through the red velvet curtains into a huge room that reminds me of an old-fashioned supper club. There is a stage, a dance floor and 2 layers of tables and booths laid out in a half-moon shape. There isn't a bad seat in the house. The blues and jazz music is great! There is a little outside bar you can sit at and watch the music. It only has 5 bar stools though. There is a larger patio right behind it where you can have a cocktail, drink and a cigar and listen to the live music. Tip - not only check their website, but also give them a call. We have shown up for music and they wasn't any. Great sound, great music and great service.
2	I came here Saturday night for a comedy show that Amy D was putting on with several other comics.This place is located in a strip mall, next to an AJ's off in a corner.  It was my first time here, and it had a nice patio for outdoor seating, right as you walk up.  Walking in, the place was large, with plenty of seating. Tables throughout the place, mostly 4 tops from what I could see, along with large booths around the back for larger parties.Being that I came alone, I wasn't sure where to sit.  It was kind of open seating, but most of the tables were already taken by other parties.  I found it a bit awkward, even if I had brought a date or friend with me, because I wasnt sure if I was supposed to join other people, or just kind of stand around and hope a table opened up for me to sit at.  Minus one for seating arrangments.....not sure how that would work if I was with 1 or 2 other random folks where we would have sat....Eventually, I found the rest of the group for Amy D's group, and I sat with them.  I had a total of 3 drinks that night.  2 cokes, and a summertime booze mixed drink.  Heres where I found another issue that kinda through me for a loop.  One of the people I sat with ordered a guiness.....the waitress came back and said they were all out! He ordered another type of beer, and they had that in stock.  Then, I ordered a docs iced tea, which is basically a long island.  The waitress came back to tell me that they were out of one of the alcohols to make it, and if I could order something else off the drink menu....ugh, how do you host a Saturday night event and run out of beer stock and certain alcohol stock?  I mean, thats kinda sad.  Poor ordering on mgmts part, really.The service it self was awesome, and our waitress was awesome, but the alcohol thing really through me for a loop.  Plus, the whole seating thing kinda made me think twice about coming back on my own for any other shows they may have outside of Amy D performing.  The comics themselves were fun to watch, and it was a great evening out, but the seating and alcohol thing kinda did me in for this place.  I would only go back if Amy D was doing standup here again!
3	I miss when KONGOS would play free shows here. Le sigh.The place had a cool atmosphere. The seating could have been a little better at times. I do still remember one time while waiting for the rest of our friends a server basically told us we'd have to either start drinking or give up the table even though it was still kind of empty. That made an impression on me. Other than that most of the people working here were pretty cool.Glad I experienced this place when it was still around.
