2	Good food, but some of the WORST service I have ever had at a fast-food restaurant!Popeyes is a chicken franchise that has been around for several decades now. Recently, the chain opened up several more stores in the Vegas Valley. After coming to this particular store on more than a few occasions, I can safely say that probably wasn't a good thing.What is it with fast food restaurants hiring idiotic staff? They have screwed up my order numerous times (I order a chicken nuggets kids meal and get home and find a DRUMSTICK in there instead!?) The staff are utterly clueless, and half the time they don't know the answers to the questions you ask them.One time the person ringing my transaction had the audacity to say "have a nice day" as if dismissing me, BEFORE GIVING ME MY DRINKS AND CHEESECAKE. Expect to repeat your order several times, because they don't listen the first time. Go here if you like the franchise and their food, but go at your own risk, and double-check your order when you get it.Food: B-Service: D-
3	This location does not offer daily specials, but the Maryland Parkway location does. They also don't seem very bright, but the portions seem bigger here than other locations I go to.  They do the Tuesday 99 cent deal for 2 pieces, which is a real bargain.  The regular menu is kinda pricey, so I'm stickin with the Wicked Chicken Basket for $3.99 whenever it's in season.  I miss the Popcorn Chicken special.  I always ask for spicy, and sometimes they mess up and give me regular.  Oh well.  :-P
1	I don't think I'll go back! The chicken was hard and very dripping oil, wife and kids did not like it, had to give left over to my dog, I would go to KFC next time.
2	After ousting KFC from my chicken menu when they decided to disgrace the colonel's recipe, I have been desperate to find a decent chicken place.I have always liked Popeye's but this location is making it too difficult. This goes specifically mention the lack of proprietorship that I have experienced in my last 3 visits.  The first of these 3 visits is not having product ready in such an under-demanding hour- 3:30 PM is ample of enough time to recover from a lunch hour and to begin work-ups for the dinner rush. But not for me. I had to wait for biscuits because their inability to foresee that they would be open.The 2nd of these visits, they had run out of product for their Dippin' Chicken promotion.The 3rd visit, they had the chicken for the promotion, but they were out of the sauce.Please, if this is a corporate store, consider me for managing this location. People are looking for work, and at least with me, you won't have these problems. Or at least hire someone who that who can upkeep the company image and maximize the potential of this location. It seems like these guys are all good when they get their pay checks but when it comes to providing service to the people, they have questions they can't answer. Maybe get the guys from Sahara and Jones to teach them, cuz they're good.
3	Surliness comes standard at Popeyes with every meal or drive-thru order. This is the anti-shrine to service with a smile customer service, it's Louisiana fast food with attitude. So why go there? For us it's spicy chicken strips. Since there's no Chick-Fil-A in Vegas with spicy chicken and the over hyped Raising Canes seems to not know where the spice container went this is the only place that takes care of the spicy chicken strip cravings. It's on Boulder Highway! Oh my gawd, you might have to go into a "sketchy" part of town! Puhleeze, get over it! Go. You know you want chicken! Double check your order, be prepared to overpay a bit, and when you get an attitude or have to repeat your order 4x don't gripe. You were warned. I go for the chicken strips but they have other good things too. (Their coleslaw is better than most places I've found yet in Vegas by far!)
2	Had mixed quality results here. Bad popcorn shrimp once. My dog couldn't even chew it. Last time the chicken was old and dry. Doubt I will try again
1	This is from 9/10/2012 My lazy self is just now...filling this out...The owner and his staff are very unpolite and selfish humans. People everything is extra if u want a napkin...thats extra...you want water you know what...thats extra. Dont inhale cuz thats extra. Now should you pull up to the drive thru you will be told welcome to pop eyes please hold...each and every time. They always out of something and treat u like u how dare u expect hot chicken from us! So what we out of chicken...dont come in here and demand chicken from us...make n demands yeah thats 25 cents extra. So what you can take your business some where else guess what take n ya business some where else...is extra. Yes they provide cold half ass fried chicken the corn is always over cooked with a burnt smell and taste. They never butter the corn. And they always out of something. But they stank attitude is a must because they never out that that mess....EVER. Matter O fact they give that free...Oh who am I kidding you know thats extra!
4	Love the $0.99 two piece leg and thigh special on Tuesdays. I've been going here for several weeks now and I haven't had any service or food quality issues. In fact, I've even gotten extra pieces sometimes.Go here on Tuesdays and get yourself a bunch of cheap fried chicken. Not much else to say.
3	Initially I would have given this joint 5 stars due to the incredible service we received on our first time in. A lovely girl named Victoria helped us figure out just what we wanted and even brought our food out to us and asked us later how everything was, we were very stunned by her service. The next time we came back and every time after was not as good. When going through drive through it seems like they always forget something and when going inside the service just doesn't exist. The food is ALWAYS good. In fact its my husbands favorite chicken joint. He's in love with the blackened ranch sauce and I prefer the mardi gras mustard. It's superb. Bump up the service a little and this place will be perfect.
4	Maybe it was a fluke but we had a big order and everything came out perfect. The girl behind the counter was helpful in assisting us to decide on what to get. The chickens delicious. Best fast food fried chicken around. A tad expensive but then again we were feeding nine people. We had enough and a little left over. Id definitely eat here again.
2	Horrible service and slow to boot. The only reason they get 2 stars is that they're close to my house and the food is delicious. But I won't be coming back just because they let the lines get too full too easy. And they don't want to smile or pretend like they care. Plus the area it's in brings in the less-than-comfortable crowd.
4	We just came back from Popeye's and I see how many people have complained about the service. Just like reviewer, Alicia T. we were lucky enough to be waited on by VIctoria. WOW! If I currently owned a business, I would have grabbed her, paid her twice what she is making and hired her, so sweet and helpful. Our food was good, my only complaint is too much salt, but I feel that way about most everything that isn't made at home.
3	They have good chicken and bomb biscuits when fresh. I just hate the service and paying for sauce. I mean I just bought a 12 pc bucket can I have atleast one sauce? I understand if I didn't buy chicken but whatever lol end rant.
4	I got $0.99 problems but the Tuesday deal from Popeyes ain't one. 99 cents for two pieces of chicken hits the spot once in a while and Popeyes always come through. I don't come here often but it's hard not to take advantage of this deal. I always add some biscuits, they are delicious. Their chicken seems to be consistent  and  service is average for a drive thru place.
5	Great staff and the great taste of Popeye's!  So much more friendly and honest than the new S. Stephanie location. It's worth the extra ten minute drive to get great quality with actual customer service.
1	The food is always good but today the service reached a new low. They messed up my order by giving me chicken meals instead of chicken tender meals. Of course i had to turn around and drive all the way back to get what I ordered. The red headed girl who seemed to be a manager was completely rude. She never said she was sorry, questioned if it was me who has misordered, and had the AUDACITY to actually try to bill me for the $5 difference in overall price. After messing up my order and wasting my time and gas to drive back. I would have expected a CREDIT of some kind for the poor service. Nope! This moron's solution was to try to charge me MORE. This will be the last time my family or my business eats at this location. If i could give the service a -5 I would!!
4	Always had good chicken and good service and the store was very clean. Normally eat at Popeyes once or twice a month and normally never had any problems with any location.
