4	For the 4th of July weekend, my usual pet boarding place was booked solid.  Considering that I had to go out of town and couldn't cancel or reschedule, I was feeling a huge sense of dread.  There's not too many weddings that you can sneak two dogs into.Fortunately, my vet recommended this place.  The lady over the phone was very friendly and conversational, and seemed to understand more "spirited" dogs like my smaller terrier.Of course, when we walk into the place, said dog squawks like she always does.  My other terrier is very "go with the flow", but the little one...  She's insecure, and protective of me, and scared that strangers will "hurt" her.  Rescue dogs....  What can I say?  But if you give her a few minutes, she'll settle down, and she's fine.  I was greatly concerned that the place would label her as a "problem" dog and treat her differently despite my assurances that she really is a good dog... in about five minutes.I called the next day, and they seemed concerned about her bark.  My little one has a weird squawky/squeaky bark, and I ended up assuring them that no, that's just her.  Relived, they said both dogs have been very well-behaved and sweet.I picked he dogs up today, both clean and docile.  I don't know what they did to make them so calm, but they can do it again, anytime they want.The place was nice, and the staff seemed to take good care of the dogs, as both were very quiet and content when we got them back.  The only issue that I had is that I wanted to leave toys with the dogs, and it wasn't guaranteed that we'd get them back, so I couldn't risk it.  I wanted them to have a familiar item from home, but the pups wouldn't go for not having their "babies" later.  But they did have a big "play" area full of tunnels and slides and the like.It's nice to know that I have other options for dog care when I go out of town, and was glad to have my two furballs back in great (but tired) shape.
2	Recently, I had a wedding to attend in another state. We usually leave our pups with a house/pet sitter or my brother, but no one was available that weekend. So we looked around and found this place, which seemed great with all the great reviews and after speaking with one of the staff over the phone. I even went to check out the place a few days before just to make sure since my oldest dog tends to get nervous, which spirals into her refusing to eat days at a time. This also happened to be our 1st time boarding our youngest pup. We got her from the shelter about 4 months prior and she was on a strict diet via vets orders. The day arrived and we arrived with food, bed, & snacks. I arrived early and stayed with them for about 30 minutes to see how they were acclimating. They seemed fine and said that they would be able to play with other dogs since they were friendly. Now this is where the troubles began. The lady I was on the phone with was great and very understanding on the restriction of both dogs diets, which again I have been working with my vet for months. The owner showed up and even after measuring out myself the amount of food for each dog and leaving extra. The owner implied that I did not bring enough.  So I said fine and brought more, 2 days worth more for them both. They were due to stay for 5 days.  I called everyday to check on them. They said they were doing fine and eating during feeding times, which was great.My brother returned early from his trip & he picked them up for me on the 3rd day since I was still out of town. My dogs LOVE him and even have their own bed at his house. So everyone was happy. When I got back to go get their belongings from the Spa/Hotel. They told me that they were kept secluded from all the other dogs, and would not give me a reason why. They used up all the food (7days worth, 2 feedings a day) in 3 days and heavily implied that I was starving my dogs. They also did not refund me the correct amount back for the extra days I had payed for.  I am still angry from this entire incident. I will never go back again. I was insulted, I don't feel like my dogs were well taken care of. I am not even sure they got their play time in that I payed extra for. And by all means if they didn't believe me about their diets they could have called my vet. I gave them the number. I will never return. If I ever need another doggie hotel, it will be somewhere else.
5	I boarded my pitbull lab mix at Chaparral Animal Spa in December of 2012. Never will I go anywhere else. You WILL NOT find a cleaner facility. They clean the kennels 2 times a day, there is no hair to be found or dirt. Plus, the ladies here give your dogs attention and know them by name. The dog runs are sufficient in size, both inside and out. They are not huge, but they have enough room for the dogs to stretch their legs. They dont breed discriminate either, which I really appreciated. The dogs have safe areas to play outside, 3 different runs. It only costs $2.50 to have your dog let out for "play time" for 30 minutes. This is much more reasonable than other places.It IS located in an industrial park, but lets face it, who else would put up with dogs barking into all hours of the night? Dogs bark, its what they do. The lobby is older and outdated, so be prepared for that. It is clear that the money they make they put into the areas that the dogs stay. We brought our dogs bed and chew toys from home and got them all back. I really am satisfied and will be returning. I have recommended Chaparral Animal Spa to friends.
1	We had our 2 medium sized dogs groomed there today because of scheduling issues with our normal groomer, who is amazing. When I called I explained I wanted them shaved diwnn completely. I also explained that my one pup is sufferring from some hot spots so that she was aware. Since it was our first ( and only! ) time, we were eligible to use the coupon they offer on their website. The owner quoted me $98 for both dogs and said even though we didn't make it to $100 she would give us the $20 off. The owner is VERY abrupt and rude. She has no interpersonal skills whatsoever. She wasn't able to schedule me until a week from the day I called, and when I asked about how long I should expect it to take for the grooming her response was that she "doesn't just do grooming" and that she " does other things". Ummm...okayyyy.  I should've known this woman was a little off when I called and someone else answered and the owner had picked up the other line to listen in. Then she interrupted the girl that was speaking and said she'd take the call.Ok, to the grooming:When my husband did pick them up she told him that our dog that is super sweet triedto bite her and he had to be muzzled! This has never happened, EVER, before. Instant red flag for me. Also, I told her I wanted them completely shaved down with the head and tail left only. Welll, not so much. Both dogs still have their legs and feet. Plus the muzzle on my poodle- mix looks pretty much the same.  On the plus side, they both smell nice. We will not be going back. I think this woman is the type that feels because she has 30+ yrs experience that she can speak to people how she wants, not comply with the service requested, and may have been harsh with our dogs.
1	We boarded our dogs here for July 4th weekend only because every place else was booked up.  First, the location is industrial which is fine I suppose.  Second, the front office is very messy and disorganized.  The owner was working the front desk and is not very personable.  I had to give her my information repeatedly as she could not properly type my information into the computer.There is religious and anti-Obama, anti-muslim, racist paraphenelia hanging all over the walls.  If we hadn't been so desperate to find boarding, I would have walked out.The dogs stayed nearly a week and we had to pay for basic grooming; whereas, with our usual boarding at Ann Road Animal Hospital, they do basic grooming every 3 days without any extra charge.
5	We have been taking our dogs to Chaparral for the last 10 years. Our dogs are always taken care of. I don't know what one of the pervious reviewers is claiming about the owner being racist. Someone who would make a ludicrous statement like that probably kicks their own dog when they get mad!
5	Linda and her staff have taken excellent care of our 5+ dogs over the past several years.  Her facility is very clean and her staff is very friendly.  Make sure to book ahead for holidays.
5	We've been taking our dog here for a few years now. Always have treated us well. We need to call ahead on holidays but most the time if we call a day or two in advance they're very accommodating. I've never seen any thing in there that would be considered racist. Always a good experience leaving our dog here.
5	My husband and I have been taking our little dogs (a silky and maltese) to Chapparal for over 6 years.  When we only had the Silky, we boarded him at the Vet's....in a little cage with perhaps 1-2 walks a day over stones.  NEVER would I put my dogs through that again!!!!  Then I met someone who told me about Chapparal.....We checked them out and started to board them there and have used them 2-3 times a year (a week at a time).  Perhaps this shouldn't be called a "Spa"....it isn't.....BUT...the doggies are well taken care of and they come back home without the "angst".  If you think this is a Los Angeles Spa For Dogs....get real.  This is a SAFE place to board our dogs and we have confidence in the staff.  Congratulations to the Owner and the Staff...you ROCK.
