5	Aw-aw-aww yeah! Located in the huge, desolate lot where the now defunct Liberace Musuem once was, I think I just found yet another slice of hip hop heaven in Las Vegas. Not to mention a spot to get lined up while getting tatted up. The tattoo parlor was still undergoing construction as of 1.13.12. Meanwhile the other half of Distrct holds 2 completed dance studios. They also carry a small selection of premium kicks and apparel supplied by local designers. Hopefully they will be carry writing supplies as well much like Pop 2 provides up by the Arts District.Its under my impression that members of the renowned b-boy crews Full Force and Jabbawockeez opened up shop for the preservation of hip hop and understanding the importance for the hip hop community to finally have a place to unite and build without having to deal with all the hassle and red tape of other venues such as those on the strip. They presently host classes ranging from the beginner to advanced b-boy, being led by no other than Red BC One Veteran/Champ Ronnie, Jabbawockeez member Rainen, B-Girl classes by Crykit, DJ classes and more. But I can already envision all out hip hop jams, additional hip hop workshops, more food truck mash-ups and much more. Middle school Warren with shelltoes and windbreakers is all fu*king giddy with delight and can hardly contain the excitement bubbing up from within..People, outside of Tunay Studios you'd be hard pressed to find another spot like this being led by the caliber of instructors that they have here. If you have any desire whatsoever to quit that abysmal 9 to 5 office job and become a full time b-boy or b-girl this is pretty much it. With the Distrct providing an sufficient anchor, I'd keep a close eye on this little rundown strip mall. With recent rise of the Arts District and Fremont East I wouldn't be surprised if something magical becomes of this written off, tucked away part of town -- much like the two aforementioned areas once were.As an added bonus: the Pinball Hall of Fame is right across the street. Once again, in your face multi-gazzilion dollar casinos.
5	5 stars for DISTRCT!I was on a business trip to Las Vegas and I decided to visit my barber Sam who recently made the move from the bay area in Cali to join the team at DISTRCT.  Got my fresh cut and the always clean design.  All the barbers here got GAME!  Definitely swing through the shop for a clean chop.While there I got the chance to experience everything they have to offer at DISTRCT.  The artwork is great.  I would have loved to come away with a piece.  The shoes they have on display are DOPE!  Met a tattoo artist there hookin' a client up with a clean tat.  These guys know what they are doing.  All the while they have REAL hip hop playin' while a group of dancers were gettin down in the dance studios.And with every single service they have to offer, they bring a great vibe.  All the people there, the staff and clients...all of them just a really friendly group of folks.  I may be from California but I am sure I will be back.
5	Came here for the first time, to get my son and my little nephews haircut by Sam and Bernie. This place is a lively hip hoppish place where you can hit the dance floor in their dance studio getting some lessons. Get your tattoos done, get your hair lined up by their professional barbers, and even check out some of their apparel. How did I find out about this place you ask? Well for one thing, my tattoo artist (Virgil) has moved here from another tattoo shop, strictly for his great tattoo skills. He has moved up to the great place because of his highly talented tattoo skills, he is now tattooing a lot of people who are now making a name for themselves in the hip hop industry. So if you want your tattoos done, check him out, I'm sure you won't be disappointed. I actually have a video of Virgil giving me my first tattoo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-KDjqcJ9I4&feature=plcp My tattoo artists' name is Virgil, check him out and let him know I sent you and you're from yelp. He will definitely take care of you.Ok enough of the tattoo rant, lets get back to the reason why we came here, my son's and my newphew's haircut. Who did it? Sam who did an awesome job on my newphew's hair (pic posted on yelp, the kid with a "J" and a two stars). I didn't get to catch the barbers name who did my son's hair be he also did an awesome job. Sam is a straight up professional barber who has been cutting hair for a few years now. He has recently been cutting hair in another barber shop in San Jose. This dude is a straight up down to earth guy who likes to keep a nice conversation going with his clients, which makes getting your haircut that much more enjoyable. I really recommend getting your hair cut by him, he takes his job seriously and makes sure you're getting a perfect cut every time. Sam is no joke, he sure knows his cuts and will do just about any type of style you want. Hommie is legit and knows what he's talking about when it comes to cutting hair. Check out Sam cut JoRizzle's hair on this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12n87GMDQC0 this video is a VLOG of our day so if you want to skip to the haircut part fast forward to 6:40.If you happen to be in Las Vegas I highly recommend anyone and everyone of all ages that love that hip hop scene to come check this place out if you're trying to get that fresh new look, hit up Sam. If you're trying to get some ink done make sure to call up Virgil (702) 994-2367 for more info, don't for get to drop my name and he will definitely take care of you. If you need to you wanna get your dance on, check out their dance studio, or even just stop by and check out their new apparel.
5	My son loves the JABBAWOCKEEZ and so I wanted to find the right dance studio for him to learn their style of urban dance. I came across DISTRCT from word-of-mouth, where my friend highly recommended it. He even said several of the dance instructors are part of the JABBAWOCKEEZ dance group for the show on the Strip (at the Monte Carlo). As is the power of referral, I visited the studio. LocationEasy to find, which is in the same parking lot as the old Liberace Museum. Ample amount of parking.DesignMinimalist usage of colors (white walls w/ secondary colors of black). Layout- Two dance studios- Barber section- Tattoo section- Merchandise sectionPrice of Dance ClassesVery reasonable. They also have payment packages which curtail to your needs. They're able to walk it through with you and recommend what would be best for the dancers. Customer ServiceExcellent. The manager, Chu, is very approachable and is a dancer himself with the Full Force crew. In fact, he's the guy I chop it up with (also with the barbers and tattooists) during my son's dance class. There's a couch there for you to sit back and chill at, with a flat screen tv mounted for you to watch dvd's, play video games or just to kick back and relax. I usually ask for wifi, but the convo w/ the staff there is so engaging, there's no time to be "Starbucks-Wifi-Snob". You really feel welcome there and, though I'm in my 30's and feel disconnected w/ the street culture to some degree, the people, staff and dancers, are very welcoming. Quality of Dance InstructionMy son's teacher, Amanda (of The Boogie Monstarz Crew) is phenomenal. My son has a bit of an attention problem, so I was curious to see how she would teach him. Being the consumate professional she is, Amanda is able to educate, entertain and captivate him to stay engaged for his 1 hour class, which is held right after school. I also met the owner, B-Boy Ronnie, and the guy is a class act. Even though he's one of the top b-boys in the west and he's always on the go, he was able to chat it up me as if I was part of the DISTRCT fam. I highly recommend this joint if you are looking for a great dance studio with excellent dance instructors. The people are friendly, and you just feel comfortable being at this very niche yet street credible establishment.
4	This review is ONLY for the barbershop.I've gone to DISTRCT a few times now to get a haircut, and Sam always does an amazing job. If you need to get lined up or if you're interested in getting a design, he is the person to go to! Sam is great at coming up with some designs if you just walk in, but if you let him know you're coming in ahead of time, he can get some other ideas.The shop itself is pretty small (the back half has been made into some chairs for tattooing) but the guys are all very professional and want their customers to be happy with their work. Give the shop a call before heading in, and they'll take care of you quickly so you don't need to wait!Check out some of Sam's work on Instagram at http://instagram.com/sam_scissorhands_silva.
5	All in one stop to be fresh; tattoos, barbers and famous dance artist hosting lessons at their dance studio regularly. A must check out spot for Hip-Hop enthusiast.
5	Sam is the man!I found that place while I was in Vegas and wanted to look fresh :)Funny thing is that I actually got my hair cut before in the salon where Sam was working in the Bay Area!I never wanted to get one of those special hair design, just the nice hair cut I LIKE at a regular price.Believe me or not, it's never been easy to find a good spot since I moved to the US from Europe. Not that much luck where I live here in SF so I go there on each of my trips to Vegas!
5	Sam hooked it up with the haircut and line up and has good prices he's a good barber will come here again.
4	While I don't really get cut here anymore Sammy still is a good source if you need a dope design. Even though its right down the street from me, I'd prefer him over In Da Cut.
5	My prayers have been answered! Finally found a good barber shop. worth the wait, friendly staff, good vibe, and great price.... You can't beat that !
5	5 stars because VOSS is boss, when it comes to his tattoo artist expertise and outstanding service and so much more. Got 2 tattoos here so far (September 30, 2013 and back on January 30). Definitely book your next appointment with him.  Biggups! Minimizes the level of pain from the tattoo guns that he uses.
5	I got a nice cut by Carlitos and wish I lived closer.He tightened up my beard with clean linesand I left feeling sharp.  I didn't go with a design, but I'm thinking about it for a future visit. I'd see either he or Sam Scissorhands- both look to have great skillsand the shop had a nice down home feel to it.I'll be back during my next Vegas visit
5	Burnie is the best hair barber ever. I've been looking for a good barber for the past 3 years I've been in Vegas and finally found one. He did an amazing job on my pompadour razor fade cut and a great cut for my son
1	So if you want a buzz cut, fade, or some sort of design etched into your hair this is the place for you. The atmosphere is pretty chill and the dance/tattoo/vape shop/barber is a neat idea. There's a lot going on, but maybe that's part of the charm and appeal. But. If you want to just trim your beard this is not the place for you. I'll attribute the fact I went in with a beard of over 5 months and left with level 5 clipper cut to miscommunication. That saying I want to keep my beard long and showing with my fingers what more than an inch looked like just didn't translate well in barber speak. And I course, saying no to trimming any part of my mustache must have just been forgotten. Apparently trimming and cutting off are the same thing, I had no idea. The fact I rated this place 1 star is not the lack of beard I left with. It's that I also left with a 2 inch scrape from the flat razor after "lining up" my beard. Which. Is still uneven. I noticed it after I got home and looked in the mirror. So if you have a beard and think this place is a good place to get it trimmed up, rethink it. Unless you want it buzzed off.
5	While browsing through barber shop photo hashtags in Las Vegas I came across @sam_scissorhands_silva and couldn't help but notice the clean cuts and detail he puts into his cuts. I wanted to get my son a cool cut with a little Poly flair since I am also a Tattoo artist and love my culture. Figured it would be fitting for my boy to wear a little tribal in his hair. Set an appt with Sam and came in the next day. He was very chill and I could tell my son lost all his anxiety after talking to Sam. I told Sam what I wanted for my sons hair and he executed it perfectly. He is now my boys barber. Loved the vibe of the place and everyone their was super friendly and chill. I am also thinking of checking out the dance studio for hip hop lessons for him as well.
5	*  I called to set up an appointment, and Matthew gave me one of the barber's personal numbers to set up a cut.*  I met with Dom at 3:00 PM for a simple cut, with a shape up and fade.*  Dom's results blew me away, with his attention to detail.  I have never found a barber who could cleanly straighten my widow's peak until Dom did it.*  Dom even accommodated for my Dad, who got one of the cleanest and most age-appropriate cuts that I have ever seen on him.*  Dom shows versatility and a love of his craft/trade.
