2	This is the local Fossil stand alone store in Northlake Mall. My visit brought me in for a nylon watch strap for my boyfriend's watch.  Upon finding the one he wanted, the employee who got it out of the case for us said he would be unable to put it on the watch. Um, ok? So we paid for the watch & the two ladies at the register said they had no idea how to change the band. Second time, "um, ok?" My first thought was, ever heard of cross training?About 15 minutes of them trying to figure it out, guess who is back to finally change out the band? Yes, the first employee! Surprising, he did this pretty quickly, but wasn't too friendly about it.  Needless to say, we got out of their as fast as we could.Other than this bothersome issue, the store is nicely laid out, the female employees were friendly & seemed happy to be there. The store is clean.  A special convenience is yes, the ability to change out watch bands & make minor watch repairs there in the store.  This location sells handbags, watches, wallets, & clothing.  The prices are reasonable & they have a good selection of items.
4	Very helpful, although they couldn't fix my watch because the face wasn't Fossil Brand.  They directed me to Dakota..
5	I need to let you guys know something about myself ... I'm addicted to Fossil clothing, shirts in particular.  What!?  You didn't know Fossil even sold clothes??  Oh man, you've been missing out!   I'm sure everyone is pretty familiar with Fossil's great watches (got 'em) and handbags (wife's got 'em .. like 20 of 'em but who's counting!?), but the Northlake location has a great selection of clothes and accessories.  Their clothing has a really cool, almost modernly classic vintage vibe.  Kind of just like the store, it's a great atmosphere.  There are always plenty of sales people to help out but not in that annoying stalking fashion (uhh.. pun, guys!)  that some stores have and immiediately leads to me avoiding shopping there ... but more of a friendly chat and help way. The clothing is on the pricier side, as are the watches and handbags, but worth it.  These aren't your throw away pieces like "Express" and "Forever 21" for the ladies, they are classic wardrobe staples. Plus they have a great sale section in the back, which is worth checking out every time you are there.
