5	As Freud said, sometimes a cigar is only a cigar.Implicitly, sometimes it's more.The perfect cigar is to me a reminder that human civilization can still be refined and sophisticated. I love cigar shops. Fresh, properly cured, properly stored tobacco has a rich, delightful odor that stimulates the olfactory senses, and makes it's way to the pleasure center of my brain. It brings to mind a nose reminiscent of leather and a fine red wine, a rich smell. I played hookey this afternoon to visit with a friend, we had some lunch and then went over to Churchill's for a cigar and to discuss the current state of the human race, interpersonal relationships, and other deep subjects. We each picked out a cigar. The tobacconist clipped the ends perfectly and had a lighter for us to use. The tobacco was rich and delicious, having spent it's entire life locked in a perfect temperature and humidity controlled humidor. Unlike bars, you can actually smoke inside. The best seating is outdoors, covered by an awning and topped with misters. Its a very comfortable place to relax, even when it's 111 outside.To top it off I ran into an old friend I lost touch with years ago while there and it made me even happier to see that in the years that passed she turned from being a slightly awkward girl who was all elbows and knees but with an inner warmth that is apparent to all who meet her, into a beautiful, graceful, successful woman - but still radiating the same joy for life. I didn't wake up expecting to have a cigar, either. Sometimes it's nice to just sit down for a while and savor the moment in time you're currently inhabiting. Cigars always seem perfect for that.
4	The place is a little small, so selection is somewhat limited.  But, you have a lot of the big hitters to choose from.  They don't have a lot of space designated to non-cigar stuff.  Just a few humidors and that's it.  The entire place is the humidor so there is no lounge.  They do have a few chairs outside with ashtrays you can enjoy your cigar at if you want.Price is typically the main issue with cigar shops and they are as competitively priced as any that I've checked out.  Your one cigar purchase does not have to absorb the costs of a fancy lounge, or an oversized  rental property.  This place is lean and mean, 100% humidor.  Their prices are good probably because they have several locations and have much more buying power that you would think at their small storefronts.  I've been here twice, and both times the guys helping were very helpful, talkative and made for a good shopping experience.  (As an aside, I think they pump pure oxygen in there because I leave way to happy/wired when I leave.)  They also have a great deal on used boxes if you need them for anything.  extras go to a good cause as well.  Some cigar shops try using the boxes as a revenue stream by charging $5ea which is certainly over the top.All you need at a local cigar shop is someone who knows their cigars, can chat you up while you look, and allows you to chose at your own pace.  This place has done that for me thus far and I will continue to go back.
5	I love this place. I'm not sure if it's the solid selection of cigars, the patrons that you can chat with for hours, or the fact that Virgil is awesome, but it's my favorite place on Mill to hang out with friends. There's nothing better than nice weather, a patio, awesome new & old friends, and a delicious cigar. My only wish is that they carried pipe tobacco since I'm a pipe smoker.
5	Churchill's is as good as it gets in the cigar biz, don't you just freaking love getting a nose full of that cigar smell as you walk by the old guys out front on any given night? And that's how you know it's good, old guys hang out there. Huge selection for it's size, unpretentious staff, and the kind of look every man wants for his own humidor or cellar. One day, when I'm a hustler, I'm going to get one of those big, expensive smokes and pretend I understand why it cost me so much... can't wait.
5	Great selection, knowledgable dude.
2	Pretty weak selection. Nice staff.
4	I will start off by saying I know nothing about cigars... But I was out with a friend that wanted to buy a cigar for her friend. (She knows nothing about cigars either...) The young guy working that night seemed very knowledgeable about cigars and was incredibly helpful. If you want a cigar and some guidance this is the perfect place to find what you are looking for.
5	Stopped in to get some cigars for a wedding, great variety. I definitely will come back
5	I know very little about cigars and have never smoked one, but I came in to this shop at the the girl's  request as she is in need of a cigar box to build a guitar with. When I walked in, I was greeted promptly and I asked if they sold cigar boxes. The gentleman working there showed me a stack of about 15 boxes to look at. They were all different and each one was unique. I picked out a few I thought she would like and a couple more so she'd have a selection to choose from. Girlfriend was impressed by the boxes I picked up for her, and is excited to start her project. She literally just now told me she can also build an amp using a cigar box. I can't wait to see what else she comes up with. Personally, I'm planning on making a jewelry box for myself out of one of the ones she doesn't use.
4	Good selection of cigars here. The whole store is the humidor, which I've never seen before. The back of the store (to sit down and smoke) is member's only for $3/day, but the guy working there said you could actually smoke outside in the tables he had setup out there, so we went ahead and just did that. We were there about 10:30 on a weekday so it was still nice, cool and shaded.Super nice service and good selection. I'd definitely come back.
4	We stopped in sort of early before we headed to the airport to have a smoke and relax.  The place is easy to find off Mill Ave (sandwiched in between El Jefe and Devil's Diner).  When you walk in you won't find a separate humidor, but instead the whole store front is a humidor! I have never seen that, but it worked.  They have a wide variety to choose from and the guy working that morning was friendly and helpful.  We opted to smoke outside on the patio, but they also had the option of paying $3 to sit in their lounge.  I like the place, I come back if in Tempe!
