1	I doubt anyone will read this, but I feel compelled to say that this is the perfect place to go if you have absolutely nowhere to go. The service here, in the afternoons no less, is consistently slow. As fun as unpredictability can be, I don't feel like playing Russian roulette drive thru because the waits here make you want to blow your brains out. One time I pulled in and ordered an iced tea. Just a typical, unsweetened, no lemon iced tea. IT TOOK 13 MINUTES!! I feel like if there's ever a time you could go into a kitchen and learn how to do fix your order and then come out in less time than it took for you to get an order, there's a problem. The only thing I'm unsure of is if its just the employees who are slow or if the inside of the kitchen is actually another dimension in which time slows down and thus making orders coming out of the kitchen take three times as long as any other Sonic takes.
1	How can you mess up a franchise? This Sonic will show you how!  I live within walking distance and have been there way too many times out of sheer laziness and every time I get what I deserve for stupidly going back.  You have about a 10% chance of the stoned teen on guard (they're rotated out weekly it seems) getting your order right and then you get to spend 10 minutes trying to correct it with them and another 10 with the disgruntled manager dragged over after much head scratching.  Honestly out of the two dozen times I've been there they got my order right once, i actually went home, did a little dance and bought a lottery ticket that night.
2	I don't care for too much sonic but what i do like sometimes is the happy hour from 2-4 for the drinks.  Tater tots aren't too horrid either. I love the idea of the Texas toast with a burger patty and what not but i never tend to crave sonics so its rare for me to make a stop since Mcdonalds is half a mile away with obviously better deals than sonic.
1	As mentioned in another post, this drive-thru is mind bogglingly slow.  There are times when there are two vehicles in front of me and I've waited more than 20 minutes for my soda. Then, after waiting all time, when I pull up to the window they take my money, close the window and walk deeper into the kitchen area.  I want to get out of my car and announced that the drinks are right next to the window!!They drive me crazy.
4	Sunday almost 3 pm and it took just over three (3) minutes to get two corndogs, large tater tots, and two large fresh fruit slushes.Service was efficient and young lady was polite too.Nothing like I had anticipated after reading other reviews.  So hurray for that.
2	This place will definitely try your patience, food is good enough, but yet slow. I guess made to order, maybe a tad overpriced, but it's a drive thru. Live about a mile away and cringe when the wife says " Let's get Sonic " cause I know what's in store. The reviews are right. Orders are consistently wrong, the wait times, all of it. Past 10 years have been back, maybe once a month. Like I said patience will be tested, check your order before you leave the window, I have returned many times to just wait in the line again. And have found I drive a lot crazier leaving there wondering what just happened, EVERY time
2	Got their current promo item claiming to be a Island fire cheeseburger. The burger boasts spicy habanero sauce which actually fell very short of anything spicy. The redeeming factor is always their drinks but it's hard to get that wrong.
1	I waited 30 min for two Oreo blasts. They weren't even made correctly so I left mine on the table. Wish I would have just got my money back. Never going back
1	I don't know what the problem is with this particular Sonic, but it is the worst I have ever encountered.  The service here is always super slow.  One night we waited almost 30 minutes.  I vowed not to go back, but the other night I really wanted a milkshake and this was the closest place.  It was supposed to be half price after 8, but I was charged more.  I even asked because I thought it sounded high, and they assured me it was half price.  Not worth my time to deal with them to get the money back.  I just won't go back ever again.
5	I've love down the street from this sonic. The service has always been good and the food quality is great. I don't ever recall an excessive long wait when it's been slow but things happen at every business and one off instances don't require you to blow your load and drop a 1 star review for real word situations that arise at ANY business anywhere. Not enough people go out of their way to write something positive these days.....
