3	It is a bare bones store with tables and walls filled with beef jerky, dried fruit, candies, Japanese arare(rice crackers), nuts, seeds, chocolate and mui.An Asian and non asian snack food mecca.
4	When my visiting relatives mentioned that they found a "beef jerky" store downtown, I was indifferent.  I mean, what could be so special about this store?My mom was in town last week and she had a mission to visit this very beef jerky store.  At first I was going to take a nap, but my curiosity got the better of me. She first brought me upstairs at The California Hotel and I thought she was kidding.  But this was not the store she had in mind...The Beef Jerky Store is located on one of the side streets when walking down Fremont Street.When I saw the sign, I was curious.  When I opened the doors, I was impressed.  They had A LOT of dried goods available - dried meats, seafood, candies, nuts, etc.  And the prices aren't too ridiculous either.  It's actually cheaper than a couple of other jerky stores in the downtown area.My mom stocked up on a bunch of stuff, and so did I.  I was soon snacking on beef jerky, nori tempura, veggie chips, and our pantry is stuffed with more junk food (seasoned sesame anchovies, chamois chili mango, and garlic codfish).  (I think this is the perfect store to visit before hitting a movie theater!  Haha!)And a lot of Hawaiians shop here and bring the stuff home with them too!  If you're in the area, take a peek!  You'll probably end up buying something!
4	This was the first place we discovered for jerky and snacks before the one in the Plaza Casino this place is located between the Fremont Casino and Fitzgerald's Casino along the backside of Fremont. This place is a mom and pops type store they sell tons of different types of beef jerky, nuts and candys. So this another place for snacks while in downtown Vegas. It's worth a visit.
5	i LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!when staying in dowtown las vegas, this is where the hubby and i buy "pasalubong" (gifts) before heading home.they carry tons of beef jerky varieties: regular, teriyaki, fruity, turkey, buffalo, alligator, elk, fish, clam... you name it, they probably have it.this place reminds me of a crack seed store, except everything comes in package form as opposed to huge glass jars.things i always get here: teriyaki beef jerky, buffalo/alligator/elk jerky sticks, chocolate covered pretzels, li hing gummi bears, freeze dried strawberries, Japanese green tea candy, and crunchy sweet mini crabs.all within walking distance from any hotel in downtown.
4	I have a story about this place from many years ago (won't say how many... but a good number). It includes 4 college students and a 4 hour drive to downtown Las Vegas for flavored, hard pieces of meat. This store had so many kinds too! I didn't even know they made snake, elk, buffalo, alligator, etc. jerky... Spicy, sweet, regular, mixed with crack?! LOL. Yes, my friends... we drove all the way to Las Vegas, NV from Orange County, CA for jerky. We also went to binge at the RIO Seafood Buffet though, but I digress... This was all very spontaneous too. Sort of went like this. Not the exact owrds but you get the gist of it...Friend #1: This slim jim is good.Friend #2: I've had some pretty good beef jerky from this one place in VegasFriend #1: Where in Vegas?Friend #2: Downtown.Friend #1: Let's go (asks friend #3 (roommmate with car) if he wants to go to VegasFriend #3: Pay for gas and my food and I'll drive usMe: OOOO let's go to the Rio buffet too. I want crab legsEveryone: OOOOO yeah!Long story short and about 6 hours later, 4 college students were stuffed and had to be rolled out of Rio. Mind you we were bored out of our minds at UCI and had nothing else to do. We walked around the strip (none of us were 21 yet) to walk off the fullness a little bit and drove back home. We were too cheap to pay for a hotel room and we couldn't do anything there either since we were too young.Yeah so that's my story. True life kids.
4	The Beefy Jerky store is a great place with different types of Jerky. It's not just your typical Beef jerky. There are fruit jerky, dried jerky, salmon, beef, and even exotic animals  like elk and alligator. When you walk in there are huge amounts of jerky lining the wall. You can also get dried fruit as well as crackers that are native to Hawaii. There are also snacks and this place is great for gifts. I usually get the Pecos Bill Beef Jerky. You can also choose based on the consistency of the jerky, whether you want want soft jerky, regular jerky or hard jerky. Either way all of the jerky is good. The jerky store is located on a side street of Fremont Street. When you walk in the store, you realize how long this store is. It is AC controlled so for those of you who are worried about the temperature and the safekeeping of the jerky, don't worry. Stock up for gifts or for yourself. You won't go home disappointed. They accept credit cards.
4	The options here are endless!  There is a nice selection of dried fruits, nuts, candies and of course jerkey.  They have all the traditional crack seed store favorites too.  The jerkey comes in all flavors (some of the HOT flavors are super HOT!!!) and in a vareity of meats (beef, turkey, fish, etc).  The nuts and fruits also come in some spicy varieties and with li-hing (my favorite).  It is so nice to have a local island jerkey place near our local island catering casinos in downtown Las Vegas.  The prices are pretty good for what you get.  The stuff they use is all quality too and it always has been fresh.  It is so convenient as well.  A visit here is a must for every trip to Vegas.
5	I love the Beef Jerkey store! I walked into the store and thought that i was in heaven for a second. The variety of beef jerkey oh my goodness! I wanted to never leave the store. I personally think the price of the beef jerkey and other candies is really cheap, compared to here in Hawaii. The flavors are great too. I can eat a whole bag, and still want to eat more because it is just that good! There are so many choices to choose from, and there are also a large amount of candies and gummy bears too - just beware, even though it has a credit card sign on the door they only take cash. I was so excited to be able to go to the store and pick up my favorite snacks - I just hope I got enough!
5	Great store.  Friendly staff.  The best beef jerky I've ever had.  Thanks!
5	love the beef jerky store!!
5	I have never seen so many different types of beef jerky in my life.. There were so many it was hard to choose.  They also had a selection of arare, seeds, candies, and trail mix.  Even aligator jerky.. OH! And velvet crumble!!! This Australian honey comb candy bar covered in chocolate.. Hella pricey but hella delicous.  Yep..  Definiely worth the trip.
5	I love this place . I go there every time I am in Vegas ! They have many varieties of delicious jerky and great bulk candies as well.....win win!!
3	This place has a ton of stuff! More stuff than Wholesale Unlimited, that's for sure.....(all you from Hawaii know what I'm talking about).Psst, psst, no tell but I bought the adobo jerky and I liked it! Thought it was different with a subtle hint of vinegar. Yum, yum, next time I go I'm raiding the shelf and bringing it back home gotta share with my nana's and tata's they are going to lub me por sure....Garlic codfish- don't bother buying this, it's like they poured Chinese sweet sour sauce on it, no major hint of garlic, that's going in the trash.Chocolate covered corn- don't buy this in the summer, I bought it home and I had a solid corn/chocolate brick, don't know if I'll eat it, it was one hot mess for sure.I asked the lady at the counter if there were samples of the things I was purchasing and she said they don't offer samples. Had they just given me a sample of the adobo jerky, I would have wiped their shelf clean. Oh well, their loss....As much as I like the jerky, if they don't offer samples the next time, I'll bypass them and go back to their competitor. At least they allow us to have samples............I know other people asked to sample things besides myself, so I hope they read the yelp reviews and decide to make some tweaks in the way they do business. If not, bye-bye!!!
3	they had a pretty big selection of beef jerky and snacks and other candies. the one pound bags are kinda pricey but all the smaller stuff are pretty reasonable. defininitly coming back next year.
5	Every time I visit Vegas, I HAVE to come here. Probably the biggest selection of beef jerky and candies in Vegas!My favorite is the old trapper original beef jerky. My husband loves the peppered variety. They also sell the original shredded in a round container (resembling chewing tobacco). This product is like nothing else you had! Shredded beef jerky? What? Try it!! But remember to buy lots because it takes me about 1 minute to eat one container.The staff are very helpful. They have tried it all and can recommend what you might like.
5	This place is the best.  I don't LOVE beef jerky, but I do like it, especially when it's a good kind.  I came here a long time ago with my uncle and he bought about 4 or 5 packages of beef jerky that looked good.  The one we (or at least I) decided was the best was County Butcher hot & spicy.  It's expensive at $10.99 for 8 ounces, but it is SO GOOD.  It's not super tough like the generic brands you find at Walmart, but is soft and delicious, as well as it packs a kick.  The Beef Jerky Store is the only place I've seen this kind, so every once in awhile i make it out here to grab a package or three.  I just wish they stayed open later!!
3	I found this place on yelp while visiting Vegas and decided to check it out since my Mother loves beef jerky. We were actually able to "kill two birds with one stone" since the store is located on the famous Fremont Street. When we first walked up to the place I had my doubts. It looked a little run down from the front, but we decided to give it a try anyway. It's not a fancy store but they do have every imaginable beef jerky you could ever want. They also have specialty candies. I got gummy candies with Li Hing powder and my Mom found some flips candy which I guess is a nostalgic candy from the 1960's. If you are on Fremont Street I would definitely stop in and see what they have. I'm not sure it's something I would go  out of my way to see in the future.
5	The beef jerky store is amazing !! They even have clam jerky which has the fresh taste of the ocean. As soon as you open the bag it's delightful. I like the dry clam jerky better but the moist one is great as well. Their selection of vacuum packed beef and turkey jerkeys is amazing. They even have Organic beef jerkey. Tons of candy and dried fruits as well. They ship anywhere you want & I highly recommend this store. Great experience every time.  super friendly. Thank you. ***** (5) stars all the way ! A++++++ to.
5	The GREATEST collection of jerky (beef, turkey, ostrich, etc) I've ever witnessed! They also sell Country Butcher Beef Jerky which is, hands down, the greatest beef jerky known to man. I rival anyone to show me a more flavorful, tender, juicy jerky! The staff has always been top notch and extremely friendly! The only bad thing about the Beef Jerky store is that when I go there I'm overly compelled to buy way more stuff than I thought I would. It's all just so good!  Not only jerky but also nuts and candies and more!! Check it out!!!!
4	this place rocks!  So me and the Wife were in Vegas at our yearly visit trying to keep it a "once a year event" and while we were doing some local shopping few miles off the main road of Las vegas BLVD we ran into this place selling the best beef jerky money can buy! Seriously, being a fan of this stuff since I first entered this country! which was at the age of 9yrs old. So ya i know a few things about jerks and let me tell you people THIS IS A great one! The freshness and taste were of course amazing! Am sure most of the Jerky fans would agree with this, "you don't have to be an expert to know or have a good beef jerky" all it takes is, Smell Freshness and flavor. Check out their link guys! they have a huge selection on few other stuff as well.
5	Just came back from this place, gotta go, one stop shop if you need to bring back stuff for the family, friends or the office. Place was well organized and fairly priced.  They have seeds (Chinese) , but the lady said all the seeds are from Taiwan, cause I guess things from China are kind of sketchy.  They also have preserved fruits, nuts and gummy candies and of course every kind of jerky there is, even have alligator, buffalo, and elk to name a few. It's conveniently located about 50 yards from that center walk they have downtown. Was kind of trippy hearing Honolulu early morning traffic with Tanya Tucker inside the shop.
4	They've got lots of options of dried foods, snacks, and jerky's. Great for the drive home. I really liked the Veggie chips. It wasn't too salty or flavorless.Friendly people. Fun note: I checked in on Yelp and got me a free jerky stick! wooh! it was tasty too.
5	Saw advertisements for this place around Vegas so decided to try it out since I'm an avid fan of jerky!  It is a little bit hard to find...almost diagonal from Four Queens.  It is  off of a side street from Fremont Street.  Remember...it is NOT on Fremont Street!Once I found this place, I was a kid in a candy store.  They have everything you can think of from jerky, candy, dried fruits, Asian snacks, etc. Their jerky selection is extensive and was very happy with my Old Trapper jerky. Make sure you try the Nori Ten...yummy seaweed cracker goodness!  I left with too much food, but all of it was so good!
5	If you crave any kine Jerky, Arare/Sembei(rice crackers), dried fruit or Asian/Hawaiian mix come here.  This is my kine of candy store!!!  My favorite are the "Samurai Balls".  So many things to look at you can spend hours in here.....and leave with half the store in your bag.  Be prepared to spend a lot of money....I guarantee you won't leave here with buying something.  They are online so if you aren't going to Vegas anytime soon you can stock up online.  www.beffjerkystore.com
5	This place has an impressive collection of various jerky and other dried foods.. even reaching out into the odd and foreign selections. They include a good amount of Asian jerky that brought back memories, and items that I hadn't seen or eaten for awhile.They even had Blair's beef jerky! OMG... I've never seen them sold in any retail store before, and there it was staring at me in the face. Needless to say that was one of the items I purchased.Definitely a place to come check out if you're in the area.
4	They have every kind of dried food you can think of! Fish, nuts, fruit - all kinds and they have bulk candy! There was line when I went there on Saturday morning, so be prepared.
5	Do you like beef jerky? No you say!?! Well worry not because this place has all manor of jerky not just beef. If it can be dehydrated and cured they have it. They also have a wide selection of candy and dried fruit. Next time you are Fremont stop by get adventurous and try the sweet baby crab or some other such oddity.  Also there is a YELP! Check In Bonus A Free Beef Stick!Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Not just beef jerky, they also sell a plethora of local hawaii snacks. Check this place out. Also, they ship anywhere. If you check in via yelp, you get a free beef jerky stick.
4	Li hing mango
5	This place jadeROCKs!OMG! How to decide what to buy???? Got SOOOO many choices of Mui, nuts, japanese rice crackers, dried fruits, gummi and all kinds of jerky!Very fun to browse! Hard to chose!Helpful and friendly staff.
3	This place has every kind of jerky and snacks you could ever think of.  The prices seem a little high but that is expected so close to Freemont Street.  While the selection is huge, the service seemed a little sketchy.  The nice young lady toward the back of the store told me samples of some of the jerky was available at the front.  When I got the front the older lady (manager or owner?) said that is not true and they offer no samples.  I probably would have bought more stuff had I been able to try it.  Not sure if I'll be back.  If they offered samples and were more friendly it would be a no brainer.
5	uhhhhhhhh.   i spent $47 at this serious store.  jerky has skyrocketted in price the last 6yrs, but this is as reasonable as yer gonna get it.  i got a fat bag of hot beef jerky for $13.  i didn't know they have so much nuts & dried fruit.  i found what i've been searching for:  dried kiwi fruit only(before i only found it in trail mix).  i got 5 bags & it's a winner.  got some nuts & dried fruits as souveneirs. my friend went apeshit for the jalepeno pistachios i got him.  so much merchandise.  they have sweetened dried baby crabs(whole crabs); i may have to try next time. lots of seafood jerky.  gotta lovely bag of flavored ginger at a fair price.  best jerky joint i've ever seen.  this place is no joke
4	I could not belive my eyes when I walk into this store,this store has a huge selection of every and any kind of  jerky you can think of,also dried fruit & nuts candies,Japanese & Chinese seeds.They sell Dasani water 16oz. for .95 WOW when every I am in that area and need to quench my thirst you know where I will be heading staff was very helpful too.
4	Was looking for some crazy animal jerky. Didn't find any here. But they do have a huge, I mean huge, selection regular Jerkys. Definitely check this place out.
5	We visted in February 2013 and this was our first visit, definitely not our last! The Beef Jerky Store is huge, well lit, and has an extensive collection of both beef jerky and snacks to choose from. The prices here are reasonable and cheaper than Las Vegas Jerky's located within the Las Vegas Club Hotel and Casino (previously at Plaza). When you walk in here, you will see mostly Hawaii people looking for omiyage (gifts) to bring back home to friends and family. The owners can easily be identified as "Hawaii transplants" and are very friendly and helpful. It looks like they have USPS boxes behind thier counter if you want to mail your goodies back home as well.
4	A great place to buy omiyage to bring back to friends and family in Hawaii.  Lots and lots of different kinds of Jerky.  A nice chart on the wall shows the toughness levels of their popular brands but can always ask for advice.  Many varieties of nuts, Chinese preserved seeds, and candies as well.  Prices generally cheaper than Trader Joe's (which is cheaper than Whole Foods).  A best buy: they have the cheapest price I've seen for "card cookies" (kind of like animal cookies that look like cards).
5	I ended up at The Beef Jerky Store off of 3rd and Fremont for work and after I finished, I started my trek into the wondrous world of candies, dried meat and fruit.  Holy dehydrated cow, Batman! This place is amazing. I purchased spicy beef jerky and some Australian strawberry licorice. Jerky was great but I also never had terrible jerky, but the licorice was amazing. The price is cheap and the owner is also a cool guy and made me feel welcome.
2	Good beef jerky! I'm not fond of the older lady(owner) who works the front!! No personality!! A customer in front of me spent over$300 and she was not thankful and rude.
4	Mom and I visited the Beef Jerky Store to pick up some omiyage to bring back home.  There are tons of items to choose from.  You'd be able to find something for everyone on your list of people to buy stuff for.  There are more things here than at the store in the Las Vegas Club (where you can buy bagel chips).The location is convenient downtown.  It's next to the Fremont hotel past the Las Vegas novelty store on the corner.Lots of different types of jerky, seafood items, candy, nuts, seeds, and other novelty items.  I ended up buying a lot of stuff and only paid about $55 for everything (I bought enough stuff to bring back for 11 people).My mom was mad because she had found a type of candy she had bought from the other store for $6 and it was the Beef Jerky Store for $3.  I'm sure that will give you an idea of the price difference between the two stores.  This is always a stop for us when we're in Vegas.  Great place to shop at!
4	Oh dear me, what did I walk into? I saw an ad for The Beef Jerky Store in a booklet in the cab ride in from the airport. Then I SAW the store not 20 feet away from me last night, becoming me in when I had a spare moment. Today I decided to head in while I was wandering down the old strip.What does one expect from The Beef Jerky Store? Rows and rows of jerky? Yes. There is that. But then there are rows and rows more of dried fruits, dipped candies, imported candies, gummies and all kinds of other goodies I didn't even know existed. I did one round of the store to see what there was to see, and then made a second round with a basket to fill up.I came out with a maple/bacon/sea salt chocolate bar, chocolate chip cookie chips, an Iso peanut mix, dried lemon ginger, brownie brittle, sweet hibiscus, pickled mango, dried kumquat, Kookaburra mango licorice, these cute little pink and green rice patties that most certainly don't have any English on the packaging, dried persimmons, marshmallow bananas, marshmallow strawberries, honey balls... that's as far as I can dig down in my carry on without pulling the rest out and laying them across the floor!All you really need to know is that there are ridiculous amounts of edible fun to be bought in The Beef Jerky Store. Oh, and they do ship within the US... but not internationally. *sad face* from the Canadian.
4	A trip to Vegas wouldn't be complete without a stop here. Big selection of goodies at fair prices.
3	Why, seroiusly why do people from Hawaii come to this store buy snacks that they can buy in Hawaii?!?! Uhm, you're paying 8% tax!Well, it makes sense if you're buying beef jerky. There's a wide, wide, WIDE variety of beef jerky. They used to have the nuggets but that got discontinued.If you check in at Yelp, you get a free beef stick.
1	No complaints about the beef jerky and other products but their customer service needs a major rehaul.  We usually spend $200-300 when we come to Vegas, but no longer after our nightmare experience with our recent online order.  We were sent the wrong box and asked to send the box back.  Concern #1 - A customer should NOT have to pay for return postage out of their own pocket for a business' mistake even if they did offer to reimburse for postage.  Eventually we were sent a prepaid label to mail back this box.  The 3 times I spoke to someone over the course of a week MY order was never mentioned except to say that it went to someone else.  It was not even shipped out after their error was discovered. Concern #2 - My business was NOT appreciated.  I felt my goods were being held hostage until the box that was mistakenly shipped by them was returned by me.  In fact, after I asked to cancel my order I was notified that I would not receive my refund until after they received this mistakenly shipped box.
5	This place is HUGE!!!!!   Literally, there are about 300+ different types of beef jerky to purchase here.  Everything from beef / venison / turkey / salmon / elk / venison / wild boar / pork jerky can be purchased here.  You can also get Hawaiian local candies and treats here as well.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-beef-jerky-store-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#vjBaCjsUQoD6TJzPeSwscQI ended up purchasing about 15+ bags of the stuff while shopping here.  It's fun to look around and figure out which jerkys you want to try (and those you need to give away as omiyage).My favorite beef jerky was the Country Butcher Beef Briskey Jerkey.  It comes in four flavors - original, teriyaki, sweet spicy, and spicy.  What I like about this brand is that the jerky is super flavor and SOFT!  Gone are the days where you break a tooth on beef jerky.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-beef-jerky-store-las-vegas?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#0VJTAxdeVjn5_MFXa2Eb6wIt's like a rotating door here - TONS of people, and the lines to check out can get pretty long.  The proprietor looked like she was from Hawaii and offered a complimentary smile while I was checking out.  That's ok, the beef jerky is delicious!They provide shipping on in-store or phoned-in orders.Product Grade:  A+ (For the massive selection)Service Grade:  BWorth the money grade:  B+Overall Impression Grade:  B+
5	I saw one of their billboards on the 15 (actually their only billboard on 15, they told me later) and Yelped them. I love beef jerky and decided years ago that if I could have a lifetime supply of any one food, it would be jerky. This place has got a ton of things which most of it, they make here in the US. There's so much it's actually too much to name off. Obviously the jerky, which encompasses beef, turkey, salmon, tofu, alligator, it goes on. Then there's a ton of Asian like dried things like dried ginger and various Japanese candies. I mean, it really goes on. It's a blast just walking through here. Honestly a really solid 4. What gives them their 5 star rating?The owners. They are really, really nice and friendly. It's owned by a Japanese man and run by him and his daughter and his son-in-law. They're so friendly and really good humored too. Angela and I chatted with them a bit and we joked around and they really took it in stride. So definitely take the time to come here whether you're a visitor of Vegas or a resident. Something the place does really well that Angela pointed out, is that it balances that line between Tourist trap and Vegas resident. It's the owners for sure that do this.
3	We go to Vegas at least twice a year and always stop here to get omiyage . one of the thing I always get is the garlic pistachio nuts. This last trip I purchased 6 bags to give away and unfortunately it was stale . This is the 2nd time this has happened. I was pretty embarassed when friend and family let me know . Other than that we do love the Old trapper beef jerky!
2	I went to Beef jerky store a couple of weeks ago. It's a pretty much a bare bones store where they re-sell jerkys, repackage and re-sell nuts, dried fruits, seeds, candies.. Nothing special at all. It was not worth my trip to downtown. There is a great store a couple of blocks away though, at the container park. I wish I knew about it before, just got a bunch of jerky from them for stocking stuffers.
4	First, let me get the important stuff out of the way.Business Hours: 9:30 am to 5:30 pm Monday through Saturday                           9:30 am to 2 pm Sunday.I think the reason why the rating might stay at 4 stars would be because of their hours. If you think about it, they are in a prime location in between 3rd St and Fremont Street Experience. But because their hours are considered day time hours, all you nocturnal peeps will never get the pleasure of checking out their fine establishment.Now for the good stuff. Think of all the beef jerky that you have ever had. Now times that by 100. You get The Beef Jerky Store. Should be called "The Beef Jerky and Other Good Stuff Store".  Once you step inside, you will know what I mean. Not only do you get your typical beef jerky with all sorts of different flavors, there is also Wild Boar, Ostrich, Salmon, Tofu, Alligator, and Clam. Now for the "Other Good Stuff". They also have Dried Fruit, Nuts, and Candies. Some notables there are Okra Chips and Baby Crab. Yes, I said baby crab.Some random info. There is a 10 dollar minimum on debit/credit cards. Make sure to take full advantage of the free Beef Steak Jerky on check in.So in closing, I wish they were open later but then again, I can understand their point of view based on drunk people coming in and wreaking havoc. Nevertheless, I will continue to be a fan. I just need to show up earlier.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #19
4	It almost seems like second nature to bring back beef jerky as a gift from your travels when you go to Hawaii's eight island. One store kept coming up when I asked friends where to go...The Beef Jerky Store. While its name may imply that you only buy beef jerky there, it is so much more than that and when it comes to getting omiyage or those special treats stop here! The selection is huge! Whether you want beef or venison jerky, clam or pork jerky, you can get it here! That along with crack seed, arare, candies, and more! Might I suggest you go there after lunch...or a buffet? Otherwise you could end up with a rather large supply of treats to take home.Don't let it overwhelm you though. Just peruse the selection and find what strikes you, and even if you are still stumped, just ask the staff for advice! When it doubt, go to the experts. They are incredibly helpful and patient with you when it comes to figuring out if you want pork or beef, sweet or salty. I know your thoughts go to how will you get your purchases home. After all sending bags via the plane can get expensive nor do you want to have to cram it into your already bulging carry-on bag. Well, they offer a mail home service using USPS flat rate boxes that almost make it home faster than you if you plan it right! Prices are very reasonable and while you might come to expect to pay sky-high tourist prices, they are far from it. You won't be getting your pockets picked here, the Beef Jerky Store lets the casinos take care of that for you!
5	GREAT selection of snacks! Have to check it out for yourself. Something for everybody!
3	I thought I left a review for this place. I was disappointed with the selection, a lot of the bags looked old and cheap.
5	My favorite place to go when I lived in Vegas,the Country Butcher teriyaki beef brisket is the most tender and flavorful I've ever tasted.Now that I live back in Cali I still go to The Beef Jerky Store online.Takes about 2 days shipping and shipping cost is reasonable.Remember THE BEEF JERKY STORE!!! If you are ever in Vegas they are just off Fremont St. Experience. LOVE IT!!!
4	This little place is just a few steps off Fremont Street. Have a craving for some jerky? Perhaps something a bit more exotic like kangaroo, alligator, or elk? Yup, they have such. Whether you like mild or hot, soft or hard jerky, there's definitely a great selection here to browse through. Can't wait to come back and buy some more.
3	This is perhaps THE best cracked seed / beef jerky store in the world, with a huge selection and reasonable prices.  HOWEVER, if you crave the feeling of employees' eyes following your every move, expecting you to shoplift at any given moment, then look no further!  Perhaps the somewhat sketchy location of The Beef Jerky Store is to blame, but I felt like I was eight years old again in Wahiawa Pharmacy, looking at candy with all the older Japanese ladies following me with their hands behind their backs!  Caveat emptor!
4	A random, but cool store to get almost anything dried...meat, fruit, vegetables, chocolates, nuts and candies are all available here.  The selection is impressive and I can't imagine anyone leaving this store empty handed.
5	This place is my number one spot to visit when I go to Vegas.They have a vast selection of snack foods, lots of beef jerky. Hey, they have cuttle fish, which is rare, and they also have ika, which is spicy cuttlefish.  Don't forget to buy some and any other type of snack food, because they have a wide selection that will satisfy any palate. I had a good conversation with the owner who went to the Oakland A's Yankees game. He and his wife are very nice and friendly. I went in their with my hecka brother in law and family. Hope you enjoy! Mahalo!
4	First off let me state that I think the whole Freemont street experience is pretty sketchy.  However, I went during the day and it wasn't too weird.  The Beef Jerky store is a few stores down a side street but very easy to get to if you are walking down the "Experience".  Note that if you are a tourist and you try to use your GPS to find it, it won't really work; you can't drive directly here.Like others, I saw the sign on 15, and then went back to the hotel to look it up.There is a pretty big selection of jerky of all types, as well as nuts and candy.  Prices are a little high, but you are paying for the convenience of having your pick of all of the different varieties in one place. I picked up some salmon jerky (surprisingly good) as well as alligator, duck, kangaroo, and buffalo.  It would be nice if some of the jerky was made locally, but I don't know if there is any jerky made in Vegas.  The salmon jerky I am eating as I am writing this says it is from Bellingham, Washington state.The guy at the counter was friendly and helped me find another store I was looking for in the area.It's a novelty, but I would go back if I was in the area. You simply aren't going to find this wide selection of jerky and candy/nuts anywhere else. If you shop for jerky in the gas station, this place will blow your mind!
4	So much jerky omg
4	Beef jerky, li hing mui, mochi crunch, nuts, cuttlefish, candy, etc... A great selection of snacks at an affordable price :) Also, whenever I come here, I feel like I am back in Hawaii with all the Kama'aina's shopping.
5	A huge variety of jerkies and candies. From exotic Alligator, kangaroo, buffalo to beef, they have it all. I love the variety of Li hing candies and ume too. It's bittersweet that this place is so far from home. Bought $200 worth of okra chips, octopus, scallops, ika, ume, candies, and jerkies and haven't found anything that hasn't tasted bad.
5	This is the best store in Vegas for Li Hing Mui items!  Can't believe the selection of Hawaiian kind of items.  Yummy!!!
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas, I always go to the beef jerky store and bought 1 month of jerky supply before I go back home, because I loooove their seafood jerky!  Their spicy Ika and cuttlefish jerky are the best.
4	Great place to get snacks. I like the beef brisket.
5	My first time in Vegas and this was a great place to finish up my trip. Great selection, people, and price. Best hidden gem in Vegas.
4	I can't come to Vegas without visiting this little store and buying all kinds of goodies. The store is in the hidden within the Fremont Experience (closer to the 3rd street entrance). Place is nicely organized and clean. All the snacks are fully stocked and you don't ever see any empty spaces. The staff is very friendly and prices are good. If you check in using the Yelp app, you'll get a free beef stick (not sure how long this will last). If you're in the Downtown area, stop by and pick up some snacks for the ride home.
5	Best place to get your beef jerky.  There selection is the biggest beef jerky store I have seen in my life.  They also have other variety selection other than beef jerky.
5	I love this store.  Biggest beef jerky store in the world with my favorite beef jerky.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Just about all the snack comfort foods of Hawaii there..
