5	You'd be forgiven for walking straight past the entrance to this place, tucked down a flight of steps just off George Street, but in my opinion that's half of it's charm. It's popular and highly-regarded without needing to shout about it; people know about it because of the quality, not because it's in your face.It's easy to see why. When you step inside it's like being on some sort of Japanese garden terrace, with the green leafy plants and water feature. Rick's pay great attention to detail: every table has a copy of that morning's newspaper neatly folded on it, next to the fresh flowers, and the service is efficient without being annoying and intrusive.Although it's never going to make the Top 10 list of cheapest places in Edinburgh, you do get what you pay for. That said, at the moment all of the Montpeliers venues have their "Better By Half" promos on: glasses of house wine, selected cocktails, selected beers and even champagne by the glass are all half price at the moment. I've been making the most of these offers every time I'm out for fear that they might finish soon, but despite my panic-drinking it seems they're here to stay for a whie yet. Happy Days.I've only ever drunk here, but one of these days I will be going for food... the plates I've seen being carried to other tables do look and smell gorgeous. There are always enough people in here to give the place a nice buzz, but never enough to make it the kind of busy where service starts to slump and the temperature goes through the roof.
4	Rick's is a bit more unassuming than some of the other bars in the same area, hiding away beneath the basement area of Frederick Street, but really a lovely, chic little place to hang out of an evening and sip a beautifully chilled and superbly bubbly prosecco, much like I recently did. Mmmmm, prosecco, can't beat some fizzy, perfect temperature, liquid joy on a beaming sunny day.There is outside seating at Rick's, immediate tick in the bonus check list, plus it does a really tasty, classic but modern range of food, for meals at both lunch and dinner. I've done both before, and have no complaints, the service has always been friendly and efficient, and the dining experience as a whole has been really positive.Rick's definitely handles the mix of bar and restaurant well, with most people having no qualms about just sitting at the bar having a drink, while groups eat nearby. Some bar/restaurants make this an awkward experience, but the stylish, all round good looks of Rick's, and crucially its non-pretentiousness, make it a really attractive place to have a few cocktails with friends or have a relaxed banter over some food.
4	I really have nothing to compare Rick's to, considering we were in Edinburgh for about 48 hours for a wedding and didn't really have the opportunity to explore the nightlife around the city. But that's not to say I didn't do my fair share of drinking thanks to Matty and friends behind the bar. They make some excellent cocktails, reasonably priced, and fabulous, friendly service. The rooms are really comfortable and sleek, but beware - it's quite difficult to sleep on the weekend evenings as the bars let out around 3am and the noise carries - FAR. My suggestion: take Matty's recommendation for the piano bar next door and stumble home at 3:30am. Problem solved.
4	I went for an early dinner the other night. As it was before 6pm we had to go for the Lunch menu which is the 2 mains for a tenner. Good deal, although menu little limited. We both opted for the gnocchi with chicken and spinach in a very nice creamy sauce. A very filling meal.Also had a nice balsamic salad to share. My friend had some sort of chocolate brownie style dessert with mascarpone cheese, which we both enjoyed!Yes nice place to dine. Been a few times and will continue to go therefrom time to time.Its a good place to go on a sunny evening as sun pours in and the windows are open. Also adequate dining/seating outside.
3	Rick's use to be a regular haunt of mine, but I'm there less often, these days. This was the first time I'd eaten there in a while, and I have to say that I was rather underwhelmed.Overall, we said: "unless my memory is very much mistaken, I've eaten many better meals than this in Rick's. This meal was in the territory of posh pub grub, whereas I had previously come to expect restaurant quality dishes. It's still a very stylish spot for drinks, so I'll definitely be back, but I'll think twice about eating here, next time."
3	I had been to Rick's before for drinks and knew that it was a nice bar and had heard good things about the restaurant so decided to book online and go for a meal.On arrival, it was a bit hard to find the right person to ask for our reservation but we got there in the end! Unfortunately, we were seated in the part of the restaurant that is more of an extension of the bar than anything else and were, as a consequence, plagued by very loud music throughout our meal. It wasn't a deal breaker, it just meant that we had to shout over our meal to have any sort of conversation - not ideal.Now, the food! The Thai soup starter was fantastic however the rest was good but not great. To begin with they were out of the fish which was my first choice and I found the lamb to be quite dry with an odd selection of vegetables. I'm told the beef selection was quite nice, but nothing very special.The drinks afterward were very nice and quickly made cocktails. All the staff were very friendly and helpful.Over-all we had a nice evening but I don't think we'll be going back here for a meal.
3	Two mains for a tenner sounded pretty good - particularly when one of the menu options was an 8 ounce burger with a side of fries.  For the non-bovine inclined there was a reasonable selection of alternatives.  Sadly my partner was non-plussed about her focaccia and roasted vegetables - it looked a pretty half-hearted effort to me.The burger was good, with just enough charred edges to let you forget about an  unused udder dangling in a field somewhere. A good selection of beers on draft, but be warned - they don't come cheap.  A couple of pints of Blue Moon set me back over a tenner.  I'm maybe out of touch with pint prices, but i haven't had a bill shock like that since I filled up the car on super unleaded.Decor typical of the chain, but pleasant enough and attentive and polite staff.  Not quite 4 star stuff for me, but a safe bet for a spot of lunch.
3	We had been wanting to pop in for a while, but just never seem to be in this end of town when we are looking for food or drinks. I had heard some really good things so when a voucher popped up I jumped at the opertunity to dine out here. On arrival you wander down some steps to the basement bar/reception area and the staff member that greeted us was friendly and welcomiong. The decor was contempory but... comfortable I guess, so the feeling of the place ends up being relaxed but trendy. Good start.The staff through out the meal were friendly and proffessional even adjusting the sharing platter for a vegetarian option without fuss. To be honest I really could not fault the staff infact I think the service was great! The wine was another big thumbs up from me and the missus. The food however was just okay. Everything appeared very quickly as in the wine appeared and then a minute or so later the food. I guess this is a good thing it just felt a bit odd. The quality and presentation were fine, but again just okay. Nothing to really bang on about either way. The couple on the table next to us seemed to be having a similiar experince. I would pop back in for a drink, but I dont think I would go out of my way to eat here again. Nice place, great staff but slightly lack lustre food.
5	In the last 6 months Ricks has definitely had a good shake up, and after my fantastic experience last week I think things can only get better. The bar team are innovative and original and during a busy Friday night shift never failed to impress me as I worked my way through the new cocktail list! And the bar snacks were unique and delicious! The DJ provides a funky relaxed atmosphere and gradually builds up the beats to get you in that weekend mood! I will be back again and again and will be taking all my friends too! I recommend a passionfruit frozen margarita or 'busy with the fizzy' strawberry soda stream cocktail! Just fab!
3	I have very, very mixed reviews about Rick's- so much so I wish I could write two reviews. For now we'll have to average them.As a restaurant, the food is brilliant and well thought out. During our visits here we had the scallop appetizer, the sharing plate (ginormous!), and some mains that I actually forget, though they were tasty. We ordered room service so I can't speak to the quality of their restaurant service, but the attention we got was quite nice. The prices were definitely reasonable.As a hotel they have a lot to improve. My husband said it best when he pointed out they are a restaurant first and a hotel second. The front desk was nice, they certainly were very friendly, but there were definitely some glitches. For starters the room needed some updating- chipped counters, burnt out light bulbs, exposed wire, those little things I can overlook. The wifi was very fast and I liked the modern look/ feel of the room.What was horrible was that they have some sort of central heating unit for all the rooms which cranks up the heat- it was at one point 80 degrees in our room. We called to report it but were told nothing was wrong. I know what you're thinking- open the windows right? Well, our windows were on street level with no screen facing an alley next to a restaurant where constant early morning and late night deliveries were made which were very loud and had several smoking patrons.The next obstacle to over come was the construction at 3am. Hammering, banging, loud thuds. Seems they wanted to get this done in off-restaurant hours, but did not seem to care about the sacrifice to the guests (maybe we were the only ones so they just said f-it??). We called around 3:30 to ask when the construction would be done and were told "right now," but of course it waged on. Spent a few sleepless nights as a result of the construction/ heat.For the restaurant I'd give them a 4 and the hotel a 2, so here they are with 3 stars.
