5	This is a Troon Golf - golf course and it is an experience.  It is not for the faint of heart, 7,517 yards from the tips this course is fun, challenging and will test your bunker skills but it is a great course and it is well kept like most of Troon's courses throughout the valley.  The staff is exceptional, the practice areas are excellent, fees are not outrageous and are well worth the price.  Make the drive and enjoy this gem...Oh and ladies - don't be intimidated, this is a great course.  I am not an outstanding golfer, but I do love the game and changing it up.  Give this course a shot and you will not be disappointed.From the Southern Dunes website..."In creating the golf course at Southern Dunes Golf Club, the highly respected Scottsdale-based golf design firm of Schmidt-Curley Design, Inc. teamed with PGA Tour star Fred Couples. Southern Dunes was the sixth collaboration between Schmidt-Curley and Fred Couples, following The Plantation and The Palms in the Palm Springs area, Southern Oaks Country Club in Houston, Talega in San Clemente, California and The Crosby Estate in Rancho Santa Fe, California."I have played this course 3 times now since moving here last summer and I will be playing it many more.
5	I'm relatively new to golf but have been a really big fan of getting to all the Troon managed properties so I decided to check out Southern Dunes. This is a little bit of a haul if you're coming from anywhere besides Chandler in the valley. It really is out in the middle of no where! But it actually makes the experience much better since you couldn't hear any traffic or city noises out there. It was a very small, modest club house. The staff were all very helpful and accommodating. The manager came out and introduced himself and made small talk for a few minutes. The marshals were very helpful too. I played on the first day it opened after over seeding so was very nervous as I have played at other courses right after opening and had bad experiences. I couldn't believe how impeccable everything was. It was cart path only, but the course was drained very well so wet grass was hardly an issue. Even the greens were double mowed and in great shape. Definitely a lot different scenery compared to the golf courses in the Scottsdale greater area (no cacti) and lots of long grass. The course was designed very well with over 100 bunkers. My only complaint about this course was that as a novice, this course was a little too difficult for me since I spent half my time in sand. But I'd definitely like to return next year once I'm better. All the holes require a lot of thinking and there is always a lot of risk/reward on every shot. Worth the drive so check it out!
5	Hands down my favorite place to golf in AZ. Makes a lot of sense that it was rated 87 of the top 100 courses you can play by golf magazine and is ranked number 5 in arizona. Can play challenging from the tips but can scale it down from the multiple tee boxes available. Practice facility is top notch with putting, chipping, and pitching greens with sand to practice in. Has plenty of room to practice your 40 yard pitches without killing anyone or being yelled at. Pracitce in the sand because you will likely hit one of the 119 bunkers on the course! Staff is great and my starter Steve had PLENTY of knowledge about the course. Food was fantastic as well especially for the price. Paid 7 for a drink, sandwich, and chips. The sandwich was large and sustaining. Overall the course reminds me of where they played the pga championship in south carolina visually. Probably my favorite was not risking hitting a house and the silence that is never there when playing at most courses in Arizona. Conditions were great for the time of the season a month before overseeding begins. Some bunkers were underconstruction but were playable. Price wise I found a great deal online but would be willing to pay premium prices for winter conditions to see what this place has to offer when it is at its best! When you get out there take it all in!
5	GolfWeek, Golf Magazine and Golf Digest all have this golf course in their Top Five in the state of Arizona.  I have yet to play either Troon North tracks and have only played We-Ko-Pa's Cholla course but Southern Dunes might well be the best.  As others have noted, it's (1) a bit of a hike to get to the course, being some 45 miles south from the heart of the Phoenix and (2) its scenery and layout is unlike other desert layouts.  The absence of cacti and the predominance of planted tropical trees makes this course feel more mid-Atlantic and on some holes, Florida-like.  And of course, with Fred Couples involved, the course lays the beach on heavy with over 119 bunkers.    The course was manicured to near perfect conditions on the day I played (12/9).  The tee boxes were cut, the fairways were impeccable and the greens rolled fast and true with very little ball marks marring the surface.  It's apparent the Troon-managed maintenance crew puts a premium on having the course look near-perfect at all times.  The course itself is wide-open although if you tend to slice or hook the ball on a consistent basis you may wish you'd stayed home.  The bunkers are strategically placed gobble up shots from every tee box and approach.  One additional note:  The sand in the bunkers is of the dirtish variety and, as such, steep and deep sand shots are almost worthless in these traps. The staff is polite and helpful and the starter will answer any of your questions. The clubhouse is nice and bathrooms make you feel like you're in the Ritz (clean wash towels are provided as is mouthwash and other toiletries).   I'm a local now but if I were planning a golf vacation out here, I'd put Southern Dunes in my rotation right now.  Highly recommended.
5	Took my BIL there last week, and it didn't disappoint.It was pretty much perfect, the service and golf were top notch.My only wish is that I would have bought a home in Maricopa so I could golf this gem everyday but then I'd be too far from my  very favorite course, Dinosaur at Gold Canyon.
4	Worth the drive. One of the most challenging courses in Arizona. From multi-tiered greens to to challenging native areas tha meander along the fairway this cours provides one of the best environments for tournament play. Isolated from suburbia, it offeres a secluded retreat from the busy courses in Phoenix. If time allows plan to relax by the outdoor fire and grab a great meal.
5	I have a buddy that comes to town from Nebraska 4-6 times a year and everytime he's here he plays your course.  It seems everytime I get stuck working on those days and can't go.  On his last visit I FINALLY got the day off and took the drive.  I
3	Food was okay. The mosquitoes greeted me faster than the server did. She turned her back to me;  I had to ask if I could just sit anywhere. I wouldn't have taken it personally except for the fact that I was the ONLY customer. The mosquitoes were eating me alive. I should have left but dammit I was hungry. The mosquitoes having their way with me made me a little cranky. I might have enjoyed my breakfast a bit more if I weren't trying to scratch my skin off.The service gradually improved, but not by much.  I can't say that anyone was rude to me;  a tad indifferent, but I have been been here before & the service was stellar. So I will cut them a break today. Again, the food was okay, and it fed the monster. maybe I will have a better experience going forward.
