2	My husband (bf at the time) and I were visiting my brother in Vegas. My husband was in a dire need of a cheap haircut so my brother suggested the nearest Great Clips by Vons near Durango Ave. and Warm Springs Ave.The lady who had handled the front was the one who took care of him. She seemed a bit rushed and annoyed. Immediately started shaving the back of his hair not really paying much attention to what he wanted cut.  Didn't even bother to shave the hair on his neck From what my husband told me, it would have cost extra? I could have done a more thorough job myself and it would have been free! First and last time he'll ever go there.
1	I had been taking my son here for a long time for a cut because it was cheaper than taking him to my stylist.  He was always happy with this hair and I recently found myself in need of a cut and not enough cash for my regular gal.  A coupon had arrived for a $5.99 hair cut offer, so I grabbed it and went over.Not super busy during the time I went, but still had to wait a few minutes for one of the ladies to clean up her station.  Totally fine, I don't mind that at all.  First thing she asks is if I want a shampoo - and btw it costs extra.  I told her I've already washed and conditioned my hair today so she can just wet it down before cutting.  This starts the beginning of her complaints.  'Geez, how long has it been since you've cut your hair?'  'Who cut your hair last?' 'Your hair is so nappy!'  Ok, with that last comment - I'm as whitebread as they come.  Blonde and blue - ergo, my hair is not nappy.  And my African American best friend was both amused and offended that she used that term on me.  The stylist was hispanic, and the complaints about my hair just kept on coming.  It was too hard to cut, my split ends were ridiculous and I really needed more than an inch cut off, etc, etc, etc.  I kind of felt at the mercy of the stylist because I really didn't have the $ to go elsewhere and she had already started cutting.But here was the BEST part (sarcasm fully intended):  When she was done drenching my hair and cutting it, she proclaimed herself finished and whipped off the cape.  What???  "Aren't you going to dry it?"  Nope.  She offered me a bit of pomade to tame any flyaways, but she doesn't blow dry and there was already another patron waiting.  I had other places to go, and my hair was damp and unstyled.  I was PISSED.No tip, sweetheart.  Next time you want to sling insults, save it for private time with your sweetheart and don't unleash it on the client.  Good grief.  I won't be taking my son back there anymore, either.
1	In my opinion, Great Clips is about a 60/40 chance you'll get a good haircut. My hair is too complicated for great clips but my hubby has been going every so often. He let his hair grow out this summer and needed a more respectable cut. The woman, I cannot remember her name, but she had dark hair and blonde highlights pretty much cut chunks in his hair and even cut a chunk out of his bangs. She was done in about 2 minutes and we ran out the door. My husband, who never cares about his hair, was horrified. He would have said something to the stylist but was too afraid she would just keep cutting. We had to go to a high end salon to get it fixed since he is in a wedding soon. I think this place is good if you are looking for someone to just shave your head.  People with hair beware!
3	I rated it 3 stars because at the end of the day its great clips and its 12 bucks for a hair cut.... i was in the army, so a 2 on the sides with a fade and a half off the top will do it for me every time.....   I have gone to this location about 7 or 8 times this year and have always been satisfied.... I dont really go into this expecting greatness even though great is in the name....  its a 12 dollar hair cut and has not disappointed me yet.... I will keep going there....    Sorry to read about the other 2 experiences....
4	Pretty good place for a quick cut.  Since moving to Mountain's Edge, this has been my go to salon.  Love that you can now check in online and save some wait time, and they fact that they keep info on you relating to your last cut is awesome.  I never remember what number clipper I got or how long the top was when I was last in, so this "cuts" out the issue.The ladies are warm and friendly, and converse to make the time fly by.  The cuts themselves have a variance factor with each stylist, which is to be expected.  I've always asked their advice, and they always give me a "Great Clip" so that I don't have to reach for a hat.Bully!
4	This is a great place to get a haircut.  The location is easy to get to as it is just south of the 215 and there is plenty of parking.  The hairdressers are very nice and efficient. Wait times are unpredictable however you can check in online if you remember. I have referred numerous people to this location and have been getting my haircut here for 10 years.
2	I have went to this salon twice. My first experience was so great that I tip the hairstylist $8 for a $12 cut. She dont talk a lot, cut my hair the way I want it, faux hawk style the right way and get me in and out in like 10 minutes. I am very impressed.Unfortunately the second time I come in, a black lady that seems like she knows what shes doing, cut my hair and let me tell you something, she doesnt know shit. She might take a look at my previous tip and decided that she better take me cos she might get a good tip.Guess what b###h if you dont know how to cut, you dont get a good tip. I am nice enough to give her $2 cos she make my hair look like a freaking durian, now I am walking around with some sort of afro instead of my usual faux hawk. And when I asked her whats the name of my previous hairstylyist, she said she dont know. Considering the name should be recorded in a computer.If you get this b ###h, pray to god that she dont mess up your hair. I am just gonna go somewhere else for a hair cut now. Great clips my ass!!!
4	Pretty good for a quick and routine hair cut. Since I moved to the area, this has been where I have been going for a haircut when I need it. You can check in online to make an appointment as this location does get busy at times. There are numerous ladies that can cut your hair, but be aware, try them all out since not all of them are that good. I have found the one person that i am comfortable with now, but it did take a few visits for me to figure out which lady I liked. The price is affordable at $12 a haircut so its definitely reasonable. I have used other Great Clips in other cities, but again, it all depends on the stylist that cuts your hair.
1	I go to a salon but I wanted to stop in at Great Clips to get my bangs trimmed in between hair cuts and what a mistake that was! The hair stylist asked me if I wanted my bangs cut straight across or wispy. I told her that I wanted them straight across, right below my eyebrows. The hairstylist then told me "no, you don't. You want them wispy" At one point I had to tell her to stop cutting! They are way too short, uneven and just plain terrible. It looks like a 2 year old cut my bangs. Never again will I go to Great Clips. I'll be better served to cut them myself and save the $5.
4	This place lived up to its name on my last visit! Went in for just an easy trim as I'm lucky enough to have a future mom-in-law that is a hair stylist. I've got to be honest ,for people to complain about the no frills experience...it's $12. They don't serve champagne either so I mean...be prepared? Rebecca was assigned to my whopping 1 inch cut request. After wetting down my wig she quickly proved to me that even though these stylists may work at a chain, walk in haircut place they do know what they're talking about. They went to school too, ya know! My hair lately has been a tragic mess of knots and I just thought it was a side effect of coloring. Wrong, well, sort of. My poor hair has been dying of thirst! When Rebecca was done fighting knots she threw some leave in conditioner and ::magic time:: knots were gone. She advised me that most popular, good smelling brands (Aussie, Fructis, sadly all of my faves) are terrible for hair and pitched me the Matrix product line Great Clips sells. I'm no sucker, fellow Yelpers. I don't like sales pitches, they annoy me. But Rebecca seemed so knowledgable I took her up on the offer. Following a nice, tragedy free cut I paid for my products, left a good tip and was on my way. I just need to inform you all that brushing my hair today following the use of my new shampoo and conditioner was like frolicking among fresh flowers in a sunny field! The biceps I have grown from fighting my hair every morning will surely disappear within the week! Bravo Rebecca and a great experience overall.
3	so I always get my hair cut here and a couple of months ago I had a wedding to go to. so my girl friemd wanted me to go get a "real" hair cut so she sent mr to some facncy salon were luckily she not me payed like 50 dollars for the hair cut. when i came home home, she admited it lookrd the samr as great clips. well the postive side I did not pay for that hair cur and now i still get my hair vut here and it is only 13 dollars. people are cool and you can check in online if you do not want to wait. so yea i get the 13 dollar hair cut. AND LIKE IT!
3	It was clean and professional
2	I was a walk in and was told there was a 10 minute wait. No problem. The lady I wanted to cut my hair takes a 10 min break after I had already been sitting for 20 minutes instead of hooking me up. I sat 30 min in their lobby and I never got an apology by anyone. Too many divas at this shop (won't name names here). Been going to this one for a while, and considered myself loyal and a good tipper. Terrible customer service and no accountability by whoever manages this location. Will never go there again and am sure to tell others of my experience.
5	My hair was about 30 inches long, was giving me headaches from the weight, I have super thick hair.. We cut off 11+ inches. (my head feels nakedly awesome now!)I'm not much of a talker either, the stylist I had caught on to that ~sweet~Best tips I can give is to go in knowing /exactly/ what you want.Have pictures: on your phone, magazine... google search hair cutting terminology if you have no idea how to explain what you want. (Also helps to have a hair stylist friend...shame she lives in another state)If you have thick hair and know it will shrink 2 inches when it dries, tell them!!Be specific, picky and communicate. The stylist said, "You know your hair best."They aren't mind readers, just super awesome listeners!Also, if you don't want a shampoo, wash your hair beforehand, comb it out and put those locks in a bun to keep it wet.They absolutely loved the fact I came in with pre-wet hair because it made it easier for the stylist to do her thing. I did it mainly because it would take 2 water filled spray bottles to wet my hair... So I took that into consideration. But the stylists were raving about it lol :)Also, the wait time. I waited for about 15 minutes. No biggie for me, i'm a stay at homer with no kids. If you're in a rush, i'd suggest before or after lunch hours (11a-1p) on weekdays and do their online check-in.A few parents brought their kiddos in while I was there. Those kids knew /exactly/ where the lollipops were! haha! They were very great with kids. I guess some kids are afraid? The stylists talk them through it, no tears :)13$ long bob plus tips to style and manage ... I'll definitely be back! Cheaper than going to a department store salon and you get the same results for less!*** I'm old fashioned (from Texas originally). I sneaky-tip with cash leaving it on the stylists work area when she went to check me out. When I didn't put a tip on the receipt she looked bummed, hopefully she perked up when she saw my cash tip. Next time i'll remember to hand her the tip personally. :)
4	Not as precise as the barber shop, but a very close competitor. I used to go to the barber shop down the street, where the price is $18+ tip for a basic haircut. That's pretty expensive over time when you have fast growing hair. My girlfriend went into Great Clips and had a good result, so a few weeks back I went there as well.These are high quality stylists, and they know how to do a myriad of things, for me especially. Yes, I'm a male with short hair, I'm low maintenance. Anyway, these girls know how to cut hair! If you are a male, wanting a short haircut, or a fade, they know how to blend it in. I can't tell you how many times I've gone to a salon and they completely butcher my hair, with no blending. Online check in is a huge plus, because you can skip the long wait. The first time I checked in via smartphone, GC did not see my name, so beware, do it on a desktop before you go. All in all, 4/5 stars, with my only complaint about the inconsistent online check in service.
4	Check in online via their app! Standard haircut, nice staff and easy in and out for me!
5	Always treated like a King when I walk in. Greeted within seconds of entering and always with a smile or at least a cheery "Welcome to Great Clips". I had Kennedy cut my hair and I will never go to another stylist. She is kind and cares about doing a great job. Asked to talk to the store manager and found out she was, how she cuts hair and manages the store is beyond me. Thanks again for a fantastic or should I say Great clip, Kennedy
5	Check-in with the ONLINE APP is a must.  Plus you can see how buzy it is and time your arrival.  JAYNA is awesome.  She used to Work at a high End Salon and it shows! I Bring all my friends here who need a haircut when they visit me In Las Vegas for the VIP TREATMENT and a haircut here is just part of it!
2	This review is based on several visits, mostly accompanying my boyfriend for his haircut and only twice for my own. I've been getting my hair permanently straightened for the past 5 years in California and am currently growing it out to be its naturally curly self. I've only needed to cut my hair to chop off the dead ends, plus for me it has always seemed that the more you cut it the more it grows.The first time I went was back around July to get some of the length cut off in a simple straight across cut. I had just washed my hair so it was still wet, convenient for them and I didn't need to pay the extra $3 for them to wash it as well. I wear glasses, and as anyone with long enough hair and glasses knows that some hair gets tucked behind your ears when putting them on. That said I took mine off so the girl could get to cutting. She wet it some more and combed it out and started cutting. The whole time I'm thinking, ok she hasn't untucked the hair from behind my ears, and I've never been somewhere that DIDN'T do that. When there was a pause in the cutting I quickly reached up to do it myself, and she continued cutting but that little bunch of hair on both sides didn't seem to "make the cut" (please don't judge me). I especially noticed this after my first hair wash at home after that, that two little chunks of hair on each side were longer than the rest of my hair, and I fixed it myself. Not a huge deal, whatever.My second time around, just a couple days ago, and same exact thing happened with a different stylist. This one though didn't seem as experienced and I don't feel as good of a job was done with my simple blunt cut as the first gal I got. I was told that they guarantee their cuts so you can come back if it's not right, and I really could have but do I want to sit and possibly wait for a while to snip something I can trim off myself? Not really. But I would prefer to pay a little more for someone that would get it right the first time instead of leaving it my own amateur ass.To Great Clips' credit the prices are really inexpensive and even with a bunch of people waiting it only takes about 20 minutes to get started on your haircut. I would recommend them if you have simple hair that needs a simple cut, but otherwise.... you might want to go somewhere professional. When my hair is fully curly again I'm going somewhere else as no one that works here has curly hair, and have not been fully satisfied with even a simple blunt trim on stick straight hair. Curly haired people can't trust just anyone with a cut and I do not want to possibly look like a lion! This would have been 2 1/2 stars but I rounded down for my letdowns.
5	Majority of these ladies got great skills!There are some new ladies and familiar ones!I always opt for the familiar ones, only because they know how I want my hair cut done!Manager is great!Great with kids!
1	I feel forced to give this place even one star simply based on the fact that there's no option to give zero stars. All I can say is, my husband walked in there with gorgeous curls that only needed a trim and he walked out looking like The Great Santini. I don't know whether to salute him all day long or what. Ridiculous buzz clip hack job.
1	Would give 0 star if I could for several reasons, their staff is ridiculously rude that when you walk in they won't even bother to welcome you and take long to check you in I have been here couple times and every time I'm not satisfied with my haircut and stylist! If you're looking for a stylist that does exactly what you say here's not the place you're looking for. Poor customer service.... Rude staff.... Not coming here no more
5	They have yet to mess up on my son and husband. The hubs is pleased every time he leaves and that's all that matters. All of the stylists are pretty awesome!
2	The staff is nice but the value is kind of lost here. They do not include a simple shampoo in the cost of a hair cut. Not unheard of, just saying, if you're looking for a good cut and price.....
1	Have been coming here since I moved to Vegas but I won't be back after today. I had the single rudest experience from the older woman with curly hair working the check in desk at lunchtime (12:45pm) . Her customer service was abominable and her attitude horrific. She was clearly irritated that I hadn't signed in online and seemed angry that she had to look up my number. Then, upon asking a simple question, she, at first, ignored me, and then was so rude in her answer that I was frankly stunned.  If I could give them negative stars I would...
1	Of I can give this place a zero I would.  I tried to give this place another shot thought it was just the hair stylist. I took my two sons in with two different  girls and my boys walked out with their hair looking ridiculous. I'm so disappointed with this place and when I called back they they said they were busy to fix it that day.  Never again.  This time I mean it.  I have already warned all my family and friends.
