4	This a great late night and play pool hang out.   Post or pre-party it's pretty cool too.  It's just one of those places to congregate with no fuss.I love places where you can still order a pitcher of beer.  Stake Out has always been an after event tradition with the theater crowd here in Vegas. (yes, there's theater in Vegas....I'm not claiming it's the best, but, we're growing.)  And it's right across from the new University Theater. The Stake Out might pick up a bit since it's now across the street from an all-ages venue with no liquor.So.....beer it up and play some pool, all night long if you like. They even have a conference room if you need to rent it for the night....how Elk Lodge is that?
4	Oh, the Stake Out.  Like Damon said in his review, it's a theatre kid hang out and it has been for as long as I can remember.  Ah, being a wee Freshman at UNLV and sneaking upstairs after a show is a fond, fond memory.Even if you've missed the theatre bug (and lucky, lucky you) the Stake Out is just a good place to go when you don't feel like changing out of your jeans, and you just want to play a few racks of pool and have a pitcher of beer.  Their food is good as well, and their philly steaks are, dare I say it, awesome.  It's just a good, laid back little dive with cheap drinks and funny condom dispensers in the bathroom.  Just watch out for those theatre dorks.  They bite.
4	Yeah, I can confirm what these two said.  My two best friends were theatre guys at UNLV and this was our drinking base of operations.  One night we stole ketchup bottles and began throwing them around outside.  We had reached epic levels of drunk that night, do in part to the charm of the Stake Out.  When I wrote my book "Why Won't She Call Me Back?" (available at fine online retailers) I based the main bar on the Stake Out.  Good times.
4	Not a bad place to go during happy hour.  The philly cheesesteaks are really good.  A pretty good place to drink especially for UNLV students since it's just across the street.  Not as much room as most bars I go to, but the place doesn't ever get overly packed with people.  There are televisions filled with games, service is friendly, and the atmosphere is good enough where I can enjoy talking to my friends without it being too loud.
4	It is the defintion of time period of my life. I love this place so don't come here and ruin it with all your fucking stupidness. Come correct assholes.
4	I only ever eat here for Taco Tuesday's! But their tacos and taco salads are really good and it is a great price too!Since my work offices are right around the corner, it is a great cheap lunch to look forward too!I believe it is 2 tacos for 99 cents and taco salad is only $2.99 (but don't quote me, you can definitely get out of there with a meal under $5). . .I prefer the taco salad!
3	If you get here early amazing deals on food! Other than that it's a decent place to eat and kick it. Tried to go here one night the day of a game at the Thomas and Mack and it was packed. So probably a good sports place. I like the waitresses though. Pretty and nice and sweet :)
4	This place is great. I'm a UNLV student, recent grad actually, but sadly I didn't discover this place till the end of last year. I always saw the glowing pink neon in the corner of the strip mall but never thought anything of it. But to be honest it isn't much, nor does it need to be much. its charm is really how chill it is. The crowd is always relaxed and enjoying themselves, the place is never packed but never empty and the staff is always very friendly. The are open 24/7 as are most bars in Vegas, and they offer food that is surprisingly good considering the strip mall bar motif. again its not amazing but for what I would expect out of the location its great. and the happy hour specials are really good. Wings and Fries for 3 bucks? nice. This place is much better than the Freakin Frog in my opinion, and if you are a college kid and want a drink after class or a late night bite to eat, go to the Steak Out.
4	My local bar.I walk a block down the street and I have unlimited cherry cokes, a daily special that is always a good deal, and pool upstairs.If I want a huge salad, I get the chicken strip salad. A salad from a bar? Yeah, I know. I can order it and know I'm getting fresh lettuce. Screw iceberg I get romaine at my bar, bitches. Crazy.I guess if you were to walk in here randomly you would assume there's not much here. But I get all I need, decent food that I can walk to, drinks, pool, good company, and good service. I must be a fan of the place if I keep coming back right?
5	Marilyn Monroe and Frank Sinatra on the walls...cheesy music on the jukebox...$5 meatloaf specials on Mondays...free internet...I love Stake Out!  You also can't beat steak and two sides for $9.99.  The wait staff is usually very good.  I only had one bad experience because the waitress was new.Drawbacks: the wine is terrible but they also serve beer.
3	Stake Out is the quintessential across from campus hangout.  The food is greasy, the beer is cheap and the atmosphere is casual.  Ive been known to knock back a couple after a hard test here or come by to watch a game.  The waitstaff is always pleasant and they have free wi-fi in case your putting the finishing touches on a term paper (because I always need beer to get me over the hump.)The Stake Out gets a nice mix of people from students to faculty to after work professionals.  Everyone feels comfortable there.  Not the kind of place to come just for food but if you're having a beer or three its a nice compliment.  Overall a solid joint.  Never played the video poker inside but word on the street is its a little tight.  PS- If you pay by Credit Card, they have this goofy system where you have to write your tip or tell it to your waitress so she can add it before she runs it.  I always am put off by this because I feel it influences me to leave a higher tip than I normally would.  Now I always pay by cash to avoid this. I suppose this is the Larry David neurosis in me :)
5	Wow. Well if you are a degenerate from the area, you have been here. They have amazing food. They have great prices. They have great people. Usually you'll find yourself paying for your professor's drinks at this place - especially if you are a finance major. They do not have Corona, they do have Peroni and when the bartender tells you that they are similar, they are not. This place usually has some sort of sunday dinner thing going on, and that food is fantastic.
3	Before becoming vegetarian, I used to hit up this place monthly (or weekly in the summer) for Taco Tuesday. I still dream of Taco Tuesday, and the delicious and filling tacos that are 2 for $1.50. I would imagine this place would be good for game watching, and it is a Buffalo sports bar, so if you are a Bills or Sabres fan, this maybe your place. The service was always friendly and good for being packed on Tuesdays. The clientele I always saw was college students and UNLV faculty and staff, but I am sure it varies noting the location.
4	Ahhh Stake Out... my go-to spot when I'm in the area for reliable food at fair prices and reasonable drinks.To be honest... this may deserve 5 stars. They don't try to dress this place up as something that its not. Its a dive-"y" type bar that caters to locals and college kids. Pool tables upstairs and some of the best bar food at the cheapest prices you will find. I have not had one dish I have not enjoyed yet. The meatloaf sandwich special on mondays is my favorite dish. So freaking good.The all-you-can eat pasta is ehh... but who orders pasta at a bar?!Anyway--- this is a hidden gem and not many non-UNLV students know about it. It's in the plaza next to Freak'n Frog.Go try it! You will be shocked at the food quality for the price.
5	2nd best happy hour in Vegas behind pink taco....amazing Philly & chicken Philly cheesesteaks there salsa is homemade you just couldn't ask for a better late night drunk spot with reasonable prices & a friendly waitstaff. You also can't beat the daily specials as random as spaghetti & meatballs is for bar food there's no beating 4.95 all you can eat
4	This is a Vegas staple for me. I love this place. Far enough of the strip that you loose the tourists, but still only a few minutes by cab or car. This somewhat dicey spot needs to buzz you in at the door. Once inside you find a handful of locals and unlv students.The food is typical bar food. However the menu has a lot of options. The service is always polite and you can usually catch sports games or play some good music on the juke box.This also becomes a last stop for many drunken locals after a hard night of partying. For those of you not from Vegas also remember that you CAN smoke inside.
5	This place is an often overlooked Vegas treasure. Laid back college bar that manages to not have the "frat" vibe. On the contrary, it feels more like a neighborhood bar you'd find in an older community. The clientele is a mix of older people from the neighborhood and college students. Great food first and foremost, especially the ribs, cheese steaks and wings. Good happy hour specials, and on top of all that, free wifi that is the fastest I have found around town. One of the places you can find me on a regular basis when I am home.
4	The Stake-Out is probably one of the best bars in the UNLV area, and actually probably in Las Vegas as a whole. The atmosphere of the place feels more like an older neighborhood bar as opposed to the bars one would usually find around the university area. It's really dark inside, and the walls are decorated with a mixture of sports paraphenila and old movie posters...classic rock is almost always blaring from the jukebox, unless a football game is on.The staff is pretty helpful...and consists of a staff of blonde waitresses who were probably working there when the place opened however many years ago.As for the food, it's not too bad. I personally only ever order the daily specials, which are usually pretty decent. Sunday is the best day to go, as they have the $5.49 All You Can Eat Spaghetti and Meatballs w/ Garlic Toast. Totally delicious!The Cajun Chicken sandwich is also pretty good, as is the hamburger. I'd steer clear of the Chips and Salsa though, unless it's happy hour, because they really just taste like Tostitos Chips and Salsa.Upstairs, there's a couple of mini pool tables that are only .50 a game that seem to be unpopulated most of the time. It can be a nice quiet hang-out if you're looking to get away from people on the second floor.I also can't go without mentioning how awesome it is that there are machines in the bathroom that sell condoms and small pamphlets with different sexual position guides. Unfortunately, this isn't something seen too much anymore, and for some reason it's always a nice touch.Overall, an awesome place. :D
5	Can't believe I haven't written a review yet.  Stake Out is the Friday after work staple - a perfect place to hang out with a revolving group of friends for a couple of pitchers and some grub.  My go-to dishes for food are the chicken caesar salad and now, thanks to a friend turning me onto it, the chicken philly with mushrooms. The vibe is totally unassuming and is more like a neighborhood bar than a bar in close proximity to a college.  The crowd is mixed, from UNLV staff to students to old bar flies, blue collar, white collar, hipster kids, you name it.  Surprise, surprise - they even have a track from my old band on the jukebox!
4	Their cheese steak from Philly excites my willy. Now, I'm not from Philadelphia, not a cheese steak expert either. HOWEVER, I have ordered this classic sandwich from time to time, and have NEVER been impressed. I would keep thinking to myself, they can't ALL suck this bad, this is a classic sandwich, there HAS to be a reason they are popular. Today I sank my teeth into the most delicious Philly cheese steak sandwich I have ever had. Wifey had a chicken mushroom sandwich, which fell into the delish category too. Everything we had was surprisingly good, for the rock bottom prices they charge. Fries, good, slaw, good, though too creamy/not enough cabbage for my taste. Waitress was friendly, service spot on.  We popped in on a lazy Sunday, sports on the tube(s), classic rock on this crazy old device called the radio.. The crowd was light and pretty diverse. This place is reminiscent of an old pair of favorite shoes. Well worn, comfortable, maybe a little tattered on the edges, yet still has plenty of soul.For cheapo eats, Steak Out is hard to beat.
4	This place rocks.  Technically a dive bar, but with great food.  I've never tried anything but the cheesesteaks, so can't speak for anything else.  Waitresses are awesome, and even offered me a piece of chocolate covered bacon someone made.  Probably not safe, but super friendly.  The sex guides sold in the bathroom for 50 cents are a bonus, too.
3	This is the after hours spot. It's cheap and has good bar food. Service is ONLY good late night with the male bartender. Majority of the servers say inappropriate stuff, and some  look like they used to be junkies.
5	I've been a Stake Out regular for about 4 years now and the place rarely disappoints!  Day time cook, Mo, serves up some of the best bar food in town, delivered by the seasoned and charming Candy!  Morning, noon or night, the Stake Out has a relaxed and eclectic yet simple vibe.  The juke is easy to access, pool tables up stairs, booths or tables, a definite staple in my social, eating, and drinking reality!
4	This review is for their food.Great deals! Big basket of chips and salsa for one buck. Philly cheesesteak around $5 or $6 (don't remember) and it was all so good. My bf has brought home the Philly for me so often but I've only been in the bar twice. And from what I can tell, service is fair. Great spot for locals!
4	If you ever have those late night cravings for a drink and satisfying bar meals, I would have to say Stakeout is one of the better local bars that's 5 minutes from The Strip. The bar is two stories: the first where the bar is obviously located, and tables and booths to sit down to have a meal if you don't want to eat at the bar itself. Upstairs is the pool hall and social area for drinking, eating, and other miscellaneous things. Stakeout is unique in the sense that it's two stories and you don't feel like you're in an overly crowded atmosphere, even when it is busy.Their food is on the heavy side with ingredients, so it'll leave you feeling pretty satisfied walking out the door. The Philly Melt is one of the more popular ones, and after trying it, it has to be one of the best sandwiches I've had on their menu. I'm not too crazy about the French Dip, for the au jus that comes with it is flavorless at best, and the meat along with the bread is pretty bland. Otherwise from that, you also can't complain about the buck dollar chips and salsa. Overall this is one of the more better local bars I've been to in Vegas. A much younger crowd (including college people) can be seen here.
4	Good, affordable food. Nice place to enjoy some food and play pool with friends. Another restaurant that I would enjoy more if it wasn't filled with smoke.
3	I started my night of bar hopping with a friend here at Stake Out. Our bartenders were extremely nice! Two older ladies who made a point to ask for our names, chat with us, and tell us about themselves. Our service was a bit slow, even though the place was nearly empty.There are two pool tables upstairs that are only 50 cents a game! This is definitely one of my go-to spots to play pool.The beer and alcohol list is a little sparse, but the price is right. If you want some nice beers, walk over to the Freakin' Frog, but enjoy the domestic beers and cheap food while you are here.We ordered a few tacos (Taco Tuesday - two for $1.49) which were satisfying, but average tasting. This place has the most awkward men's bathroom I've ever been in.All in all, I'll definitely come back to play pool upstairs and chat with the bartenders, but probably wouldn't make it a point to come here if I didn't want to play pool.
3	Came here for happy hour last week just because I was in the area. Our waitress (unfortunately I don't remember her name) was REALLY friendly. We ordered:half order of wingsshrimp and frieschips and salsaPBREverything tasted good, nothing special. Just typical bar food, but with the prices, its definitely worth coming back. We read they are known for their philly cheesesteaks which we weren't in the mood for, but next time, we're definitely trying it!
5	Husband and I went on a date here for lunch. We are originally from Buffalo and heard they had wings and fish fry, cheap! WE loved it...thought it was dark to start but that changed after a few minutes. We ordered a teriyaki burger, fish fry and chips and wings, 2 beers each and tip, all for 40 dollars...AWESOME. Then we headed upstairs to play a couple of games of pool. Really relaxed but clean atmosphere and the server, Liz was so wonderful and friendly and made it a point to learn our name and NOT forget us!! What a great date that we were way over due for!!!
1	Wow, angry, I could spit nails. On the recommendation of Yelp reviews, I sought this establishment out. I ordered (take out) wings, telling the waitress to tell the cook to please cook the wings crispy. (Which she did tell the cook.) After getting back to my hotel, only did I discover rubbery wings, the meat inside was raw. Also the Buffalo sauce did not even stick to the wings because they were so raw. I should have checked my order before leaving. My fault.Waitress was friendly and efficient. Just the cook obviously cannot cook the simplest of foods.
1	Went there on a Sunday night around 7.  Walked in, no one greeted us (as to be expected, its a bar for goodness sakes) so we sat ourselves.  5 min later a couple sits down in the booth next to us.  The waitress comes over once to greet them, they aren't ready to order so she brings them water.  Still not ready to order, she begins to share her life story.  She just started so be patient with her, she used to work....her kids....her house....etc.  My friend and I patiently wait while thinking when she is finished her life vomit she will come take our order.  No chance.  She goes to put in their order and proceeds to talk to bartender.  We decide to go somewhere that wants our business and as we get up to leave still no one says a word to us.I won't speculate as to why we got such horrible service.  It looks like a decent neighborhood bar with cheap drinks and greasy food, exactly the kind of place we are trying to find except it would be nice to actually get drinks and food.Next time I will try sitting at the bar...much harder to ignore me there.Strike ONE!
5	Endless spaghetti Sunday. Bomb bar food! Cheap drinks. Always dim. Video poker if your date is boring. Or if you are boring. Spacious booths. Pool table upstairs. Framed photos of like, Marilyn Monroe and shit... Many friends of mine have spent full days in here. I'm probably guilty of the same crime but uh, I WAS day drinking around the corner from my apartment ok? Don't you judge me on Yelp.When a bar isn't this bar, I'm always kind of sad inside secretly. I seriously consider moving back to Las Vegas just for The Stakeout. I would trade every last stone cold hot tall hipster idiot dude in brooklyn (who ALL dress better than me btw) for a Stakeout here in NY. Because although these fine lads make my commute much more visually stimulating, they can't hold a damn flame to one of Nevada's hidden gems.
5	After guzzling ourselves to death, my friend and I ended up right over here from the Freakin' Frog to end up with a cheap but HUGE Philly and fries while the bartender talked to us about all kinds of sports, his life, the place, and everything else.  It was winter break week, so we were the only ones in the joint -- it was an odd affair, but considering we were kind of blasted, comforting to not have to worry about anyone else seeing us in such a condition.The place was delicious and amusingly dive-y.  Maybe we can try it sober and not at 3:00 AM next time!
5	Best Philly in Las Vegas. Happy hour is 3-7.
5	So rarely do I finish a review while I am eating the meal, but Stake Out has FREE WIFI!!!5 Stars......but for the best reasons:Food is fantasticPrices are unbeatableService is consistently excellentAtmosphere is classic rock and diveyTartar Sauce will knock your socks offThe specials are truly specialMy favorite dinner here is the Buffalo Style Fish N Chips... I have no idea why it is called that, BUT a 14 inch piece of cod... yummy!!Do not let the 5 Stars lead you to believe that Stake Out is fancy of a great place for the family. But it is clean, well staffed and extremely comfortable.Stake Out is best for group happy hours, small to medium gatherings, a 4th or 5th date (after you've gotten the goods) or sitting by yourself, relaxing, reading and completing your outstanding Yelp! reviews... as i am doing right now.ENJOY!!
4	My friends frequent this place and it took a drunk bus full of co-workers to finally get me here. Damn it! I have been missing out! Great food, great bartenders & great atmosphere. Simply put, it's just a great local dive bar. Been meaning to come back for more!
4	One of those small hole-in-the-wall places. AMAZING PHILLY CHEESE STEAK.I was starving and came here around 12PM. Place was pretty empty. Two other parties.Lady who took our order was very nice. Said if we didn't try the Philly, we'd kick ourselves in the butt. I was going to order a Philly cheese steak anyway, so I did. Philly Cheese steak+mushroom+bell pepper+onions+BACONSEverything about the meal was perfect. The bread was toasted and had this fluffy consistency to it.It held everything together quite nicely. It was AMAZING.Fries were crispy and nice. Only regret I have is not going back there the next day for more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Paid about $10 which included tip. And I left feeling full as heck.
4	It's rather dingy, dark and smoky inside...but the Philly cheesesteak is the best we have ever had. Beats our Colorado favorite 'Taste of Philly' by a mile. I would suggest taking it to go unless you like the bar scene. However, service was awesome.
5	great food great prices great specials.
3	I am not having the best luck when it comes to restaurants that boast the best of anything. I know that the Stake Out is the quintessential college dive bar hang out for their cheap menu and happy hour specials, but I was not impressed with their Philly at all. It just tasted like pepper. Don't get me wrong, I am a huge fan of black pepper, but this was even too much for me. It did not taste like very much of anything else. What I did like were the wings. I should have ordered a double portion of these because they are fantastic. Crisp, golden chicken tossed in mild sauce with some hot sauce on the side. I have to saw that their version of hot is not very spicy. It is flavorful. Combine that with how well they cook their wings, I am okay with it. I would say pass on the cheese steak and come for happy hour when their wings are half off.
5	EAT HERE!!The prices have not changed... and the food has gotten better.The service is PERFECT!! Oh, and the WiFi is still free!!The beer list is pretty much domestics, regular beer, but i am sure that that helps them keep the prices low.EAT HERE!!!
2	I've been going to Stake Out for years and I used to really like this place. It was super cheap, the staff was always friendly and the food was always awesome consistently. However, I went there about a week and a half ago and sat at the bar with a co-worker around happy hour on a week day and was informed that we'd have to sit upstairs (since seats with machines were only for players). They gave us an option to sit at the crotch of the bar, wedged between two machines, which was really a slap in the face. I've been coming to this place for almost ten years and always sat at the bar in front of machines and not gambled. In fact, most the of the people sitting at the machines looked like shiftless hobos and degenerates. I'd say it was only at about 30% occupation. I'm not sure if this place is falling on hard times or what.Anyway, we declined and walked next door to the Freakin' Frog. We actually made it for their happy hour and got 2 for 1 beers. I didn't eat though since the food looked questionable at that place, but still a much better experience. I can't say I'll never go back to Stake Out (because I probably will), but still that was really weak. The only reason I'm giving Stake Out a 2 star review is because it used to be cool.
4	Can't go wrong with $1.99 domestic drafts from 1-7am. I usually come here once a week with my coworkers after a long shift. Great prices and food, the only downside to it being that you're sitting in a Buffalo Bills bar :P A trip to Stake Out requires one to order the chicken wings or the philly cheesesteak accompanied with a Miller Lite. 'Murca.
3	Late night snack?  My buddies and I were hanging out and was hungry.  One of them suggested Philly cheese.  2am? Philly? Make it happen!  We migrated here assuming they were still open and of course they were.  At first, I was very sketched how this place operates at night.  You got to ring a doorbell for entry.  For security since it is a bar.  Not your fancy dining or fast food type.  Bartender was very nice, doing his job he carded all of us.  Yay! we still look young! Woot Woot!  He asked if we like anything to drink, but we just wanted food.  He gave us a few waters to take with us to the table.  Seating area was small, simple.  Chairs and tables.  Obviously, we came for philly.  Easy? No, there were different options.  (Added bacon, extra cheese, etc).  Kept it simple went for the regular.  Few moments later, time to eat.  Philly was served in a diner type way, basket with pickle, side fries.  Took one bite, not too bad.  Slices of meat was cooked well, but could use some more cheese.  I pictured cheese gushing out of my first bite.  My buddy, who is a philly fan, didn't think too much of it.  So I guess we are on the same page.  Worth a shot.  Couldn't expect too much since it's bar food.  At least it is open late night and beats getting a burger from some fast food joint.
4	Best Philly in Vegas. Great food,even the rest of the menu is delicious, much better than expected "Bar Food". Service is great and the beer is low priced and cold!!
4	I love this place. I graduated from UNLV a few years ago, and because the Stake Out is so close to the school and the places I used to hang out at as a college kid, it's like a nostalgic treat every time I come here.I'm no food junkie, so I cannot comment too much on quality. To me, bar food is bar food. I do know, however, that most of the food here tastes does good, and it's been only a few times I've gotten some appetizers that, well... didn't look very appetizing. The drinks (which is the main reason I go here) are excellent, mixed drinks never watered down (unlike many station casino bars), and are served quick. The waitresses are always nice, and the service is top notch. Add points if you're a regular customer, they always remember you. Also, the juke box is a very nice touch.I like this place too, because it is almost never really too crowded. Certain days it does get busy, particularly when there is some kind of event going on near the school (i.e. Rebels basketball game), or has college kids celebrating after a finished day of finals. However, this is a small price to pay for the great service. It is currently the main place where me and my friends go to unwind after a long day at work, and will probably remain so as long as I stay in Las Vegas.
4	I was a little skeptical of this place, as it's tough to live up to the reputation of being  the "best of" something.  It may not have been the best cheesesteak I've ever eaten, or even had in Vegas for that matter, but it was a very solid lunch.  I went on a Friday afternoon during summer, so it was nearly empty.  A couple of dudes playing video poker, and every table was empty.  So, service was quick and attentive.  The server was very friendly and had suggestions, which is always appreciated at a place you've never been.To eat, I had the cheesesteak with peppers, onions and banana peppers, which cost a quarter.  I went with the Cajun fries.  The server offered to bring some ranch, and I asked if it was homemade.  She said it was and it was great, and she was right.  It was a very good ranch, much better than any bottle.  She also offered the honey mustard as the "best in the city."  I had to give it a shot, and again, it may not be the best I've ever had, but it was a pretty damn good honey mustard.  The sandwich was solid, but inconsistent.  The bread mostly held it together, but in places where it was wetter, it would lose integrity.  And, the cheese wasn't consistently placed on the sandwich.  Some bites had a lot of cheese (needless to say, these bites were the best) and some were dry.  When you get all ingredients, the sandwich is very good.  But, there were dry areas as well.  The fries were good, and you get a heap of them along with 2 pickle spears.  Very fair price for the amount of food you get.  The specials looked good, and all of them were cheap.  I'll be back to give them a shot
4	Not a bad little joint. Eclectic crowd and good food. The chicken fried steak on Thursday is worth the trip, but get there before 6 because they run out early.
4	I LOVE dive bars. Stake out is cool because they have good wings, fries, and .50 pool. Their happy hour is most of the day and makes domestic drafts $2. The staff is also very friendly. The only problem I have with the place is the massive amounts of cigarette smoke. The air is a little more clear on the second floor where the pool is!
5	One time I saw a guy fall from upstairs to right in front of the bar, then proceed to stand up and drink more. That's my best bar story. And it happened here.
5	I like the smoke, the booze and the broads. Every time I'm in the mood for a good knock down, drag out, good ole' fashion bar brawl, I head on down to Stake Out and BOOM! I get sucker punched walkin' through the door! Oh man! The fights will just make yo toes curl. One time my cousin Joey lost a tooth to some knuckle head Miami fan wielding a baseball bat. He's got one ugly grill these days and can whistle like angels sing! It's all in good fun, cause we SQUISHED THEM FISH! The Stake Out is the kind of place where you walk right in, Jimbo's got a leg up on the beer cooler, all smiles at ya and always yellin about how he needs to wake up. Jim's one sleepy SOB but he pours em strong and damn fine back up in a fight, if you get my drift. Not to mention, Jimbo can bring that' tail in and keep the party rollin'. Real good guy that Jimbo, real good guy.
3	Food is good for a dive bar, but I'd be careful because sometimes it's disagreeable. The place is great. Servers and bartenders are among the best and friendliest I have encountered anywhere. I would go back time and again just to hang out there with fellow customers and the employees.
5	Great place to watch the Buffalo Bills play.  Their Friday fish fry special is excellent.  The fish fry is the same style that you would get at a Buffalo bar.  If you're from WNY, that should be a place for you.  Only wish they served beef-n-weck every day besides fame day.
4	Sure, it's a neighborhood pub, and smokey. But it has all the things you look for in a local joint. Good staff who remember you. Excellent grub. Decent prices. The game is always on. Oh, and ginger beer!! They also have an incredible meeting room upstairs. Private, roomy, perfect for events. I went to a Toastmasters meeting there and it was awesome.
5	Stake Out is, by far, my favorite bar in town! First off, know this is a neighborhood bar, so don't expect a DJ or a dance floor. I have been going there for years because of three things: atmosphere, quality, and price. The atmosphere at Stake Out is fantastic. Everyone I have met there is willing to socialize with their groups, as well as the strangers around them. The bartender, Gia, will make anything you want and is always up for a challenge. There is a waitress there, Summer, who is not only hilarious, but has a very warm personality. She tries to get to know her clients and make everyone feel right at home. Jim, the owner, takes pride in Stake Out. He comes in every night and can always been seen helping out behind the bar or serving the patrons. Quality guy for sure. The old time pictures and Christmas lights also add charm and uniqueness to the venue that gives it a very homey feeling. My friends and I have never eaten a bad meal. Everything we order comes out quickly and tasting great. I would definitely suggest getting a cheese stake, it's definitely what they are known for.Finally, Stake Out offers some of the best prices in town! It's not many places that you can get a cheese stake with fries for around $8, and a pitcher of beer for around $10. Overall, I've probably been to about 20 bars in this city, but none of them come close to Stake Out! I highly recommend giving it a shot!
1	*EDITED I used to be a regular and a big fan of this place loved the food and the service. I was really disappointed in my last visit though. The guy was in charge was so rude to us it felt like he was almost gonna tell me to leave! Although i was really hungry I just ended up having an appetizer (Which I did not enjoy) I just wnted to leave the place. Never going back.
5	This place has not changed since in lived in Vegas almost 20 years ago.  I make a stop every time I go. I always have the the mushroom Swiss chicken sandwich  the fries and onion rings are great.
5	Awesome bar and place to play pool with the friends and staff is perfect i wouldnt change a thing
4	While the location is sketchy, the cheesesteak sandwich is great.  I prefer extra cheese and all the veggies. I've been for lunch and dinner and never to so smokey that I did not want to eat there.  This is a simple neighborhood bar that serves a great cheesesteak!
1	A bit slow, and if I am honest, not worth the wait. I had the famous Philly cheesesteak sandwich , mine must have come from Denver.
2	laughably, the woman made us leave the gaming machine seats, even though her friends were at machines but not playing. There were 9 more open machine seats. I did notice the pay tables were robbery. Do Not Gamble here. the mixed drinks are over priced and no HH specials for them. The Philly steak was above average, Fries above average, service poor. I like going to a dump if they treat me well, I don't piss and moan about smoke, but I expect to be treated reasonably well. Sadly, this is a bar living off unknowing gamblers that don't know paylines
