2	This place is pretty good for pedicures.  Gel manicures, they need some training, or to not take shorcuts.  I've visited many times wth good results on pedicure.  I went in one week ago Saturday and had a gel manicure, not such a great experience and I won't return.   First, they jumped for the dremal to electric-sand the gel polish off--and my nails with it.  I said "No" and that "no sanding of any kind".  So they used the little bowls of acetone.  They didn't seem to know how to do this without the dremal.  Only one coat of each used--undercoat, polish, top coat, and it started peeling wihtin 1 week (not 2 like other salons).  Two nails peeled up and I pulled them completely off.  It's chipped more and more, and this is 7 days in.  Also, when I got up and personal with that nail station, it was not clean.  Looks like they need to clean stations more than once ever month (at least).  It was dirty.  No thanks, see you later somewhere else.  I'm not going back here.  I never recognized this level of uncleanliness at the pedicure stations but I assume it's teh same--either you're clean or you're not.  Skip it.
2	I got a gel manicure here and It looked great the first day. 3 days later my pointer finger began chipping. One day after that my thumb began chipping. I went in the next day to get them fixed. Two days after that my other pointer finger began chipping and so did middle finger. These nails did not even last a week ....and they were $25! I won't be coming back. I don't have time to keep getting my nails fixed. I had to wait an hour and a half to be seen for a 5-10 min process...the pedicure i got there has lasted though...no complaints there
4	I lived in Tempe, AZ for about 7 years & wish I still lived there some days for the sole reason that I wish it was still convenient to go to this nail salon.  Lisa & Henry are wonderful.  They are family people & I LOVED coming in for my manicures/pedicures.  When I arrived, they would greet me by name.  I have never felt more welcome in a nail salon.  Their young children were often present in the salon which may both some, but they were a joy. I even took them next door to Jack-in the Box and treated them to milkshakes one time. When I got married, Lisa did a beautiful French manicure/pedicure for me the day before free of charge telling me it was my wedding gift.  :") How sweet is that? I should also mention, the salon is extremely clean, the techs are focused entirely on you during your service, and the prices are super reasonable and among the best in this Sun Devil college town. I was shocked to see a few not so great reviews on Yelp.  Please don't let that stop you from giving them a chance.  I sincerely doubt you will be disappointed.
2	Okay first the good news - they are really nice here, and that about sums that up.The bad news? I got a pedicure and a gel manicure on Tuesday. They did the pedicure first and then once she was done she looks at me and tells me that they don't have the same color (royal blue) in gel. I asked her to do whatever was closest and ended up with a dark purple. It bothered me but none of my friends seemed to notice. As for the actual manicure? She cut two cuticles so that they were bleeding, only did 2 costs of color (supposed to be 4) and you can tell! She also did not buff my nails so the gel started peeling by Friday (which was the day I needed them). Also, when I got home Tuesday I realized that the gem on my left big toe was completely out of place, it also fell of by Thursday.Basically: this is the worst mani/pedi I've ever received. As nice as they are - I won't be back.
4	I came in for a underarm wax and a pedicure and both were fine.  I obviously didn't have the experience that the low raters had.  The woman who did my wax was very nice.  She was efficient and did a good job, while not painless because it is a wax, it was not any more uncomfortable than necessary.  The pedicure was good.  The leg and foot massage was lovely.  The polish seems a little watered down so I don't think that will last particularly long, but I'm okay with that.  The people who work here are all very nice and I had a nice conversation with the owner while I waited for my nails to dry.
1	I just happened to be driving past here. Next time I will keep driving. I don't really write reviews but I will for this place. I had a gel manicure  which cost $25. They used the electric file to remove the gel I had on, and didn't remove it all, So my new gel is all uneven.He then went to tidy up my nails and filed them at an angle because he wasnt paying attention so I have slanty nails. Another woman did the gel. She brought the wrong colour to start, didn't dehydrate the nails and just went straight into the clear. She put this on in two strokes, it didnt touch the edges of my nail top or bottom. Then she did two coats of colour which was hard to mess up seems as I had a clear sparkly colour. The colour is not all over my nail. After curing the first coat I notice a huge clump stuck to my thumb nail which she trimed off with a clipper. Biggest bug bear for me was after curing and anybody who gets gel will have had happen, is that sometimes your skin around the nail is stuck to the gel, easily fixed by filing down the over hang of gel... this was not done so I have left with all my fingers stuck to the gel and gel that is over hanging the nail on eitherside. In my experience it will make the gel lift off the nail a lot quicker if anything can get under the gel.I wouldn't mind if it was cheap but I can get a gel mani for $30 in scottsdale where they actually know what they are doing and it lasts.
4	Went to Lisa for over a year and moved to Mesa. Was unhappy for six months jumping from salon to salon, finally went and drove the 22 miles to Lisa.  Now I find Henry has sold the salon so since Lisa is his wife I doubt she will stay there.  I feel just sick. Went to a top rated salon with lots more stars than Popular Nails and it was disappointing. I look at the nail that I broke and compare to the others and just get a sinking feeling. If anyone knows where Lisa and Henry went, please let me know. Long as its not more than 50 miles I will be there.  This has taught me that it is not the salon but the tech doing the nails. so now I have nine perfect nails that need to be filled and one mess.
4	I come here every two weeks for a fill, gel manicure and pedicure. I am not sure why people have rated it so low, however I really enjoy this place. The prices are good and I never feel out of place if I feel like dressing in lazy clothes to go. Kathleen gives the best pedicures hands down, she really takes care of you and does a good job. The owner, I forgot his name usually does my nails and does a good job as well. I never have any complaints after leaving, and will continue to come back here. They are also all very nice! I don't think you can get the following anywhere else for $65: acrylic fill, gel manicure, a pedicure with salt scrub, cooling mask, hot stone massage and paraffin wax.
