4	I go here to get my eyebrows waxed with Amy and she does a great job! I also got a facial a couple of months ago and it felt really good. Not sure I'll go back again for a facial, but I highly recommend Amy for waxing. And it's reasonably priced.I also bought a night creme (something with "Luxe" in it) which I loved, but  it was a little expensive so I didn't buy it again (I'm a poor student).
5	My sisters and I have been getting our brows waxed by Amy for years. She does such an awesome job that we get compliments.  She's got affordable prices, too.  We've gone to other places before but none can compare.  Amy is definitely the best at what she does!
5	I have been going here for years to get my eyebrows waxed. Amy does such a great job. Before I would go to nail shops to get my eyebrows done but they just tear your skin, burn it, and make it bleed. Top reasons to come:CleanAffordable prices for waxing and facialsAmy takes her time with you (doesn't rush you like some other shops that hurt you)The make up here is great
2	I am old school and grew up with my Mom back in the 80's when I was a kid we would frequent Merle Norman often for all of her beauty goodies. They have great quality products for face cleansing. As with any other brand the prices have increased over the last 20 years however not so much that it will keep me from buying their products.I miss the old days with my Mom when she would stop by and pick up makeup. They really treated you like a Queen then and really were hands on with demonstrating and selling the products.These days you walk in and pick up what you want and are on your way. The staff does not have the passion, knowledge or motivation to show me new products or demonstrate.I know what I want when I go in as I have been using the same products for years however show me something new rather than point to a display and say that is what is new.My last experience was poor, the employee had no clue about their makeup accessories such as a foundation brush. "She thinks this is the one I want or should have". Don't give me that, when I know more about the products then an employee does it does not make me feel like spending my money and shopping! The employees name is on my receipt however I will keep it to myself rather than name drop.I am disappointed, I don't expect the Outstanding quality of service that was issued back in the 80's however at least fake it til you make it and help a customer.If this type of service continues, then I see in the future Merle Norman being another statistic of going out of business and closing shop all together. There are way too many beauty brands and concepts out there to provide service that lacks luster!
4	Many moons ago my make up of choice decided to discontinue the shade of liquid foundation I used. I was having a hard time finding something else that was close to the color and felt light on my skin.I saw their sign one day after shopping at Smiths and made an appointment for a free make over. They did a great job, and I still use their liquid foundation and blush to this day.  Their makeup doesn't feel heavy and it's gentle on my skin. Price is probably on par with most department store cosmetic counters. Their employees are always friendly and helpful. They have my info on file so I don't have to remember the shade that I buy, they look it up for me. It's convenient too, I don't have to worry about going to the mall. They occasionally have specials too, where if you buy 2 products you get a gift. That's always nice!
