4	A little bit--no, a lot--of France right here in Madison. This bakery and coffeeshop draws a crowd of croissant munchers and espresso sippers for a reason. The bakery is quality, and best of all, very fresh. Come early or your choices will be limited. The chocolate croissant tastes just the way one should, and their quiches are FAB. The staff behind the counter speaks French amongst themselves between taking orders, so I'd say authenticity is a check! There are about 8 tables in the cafe, so if you want to stay for a while, be prepared to wait during early and lunch hours. But once you've got a spot, it'd be easy to sip and chat for hours as the French do is this perfect patisserie.
1	Bottom line: Not every person who speaks French qualifies as a artisan bread maker. If they try to sell the baguette and tarts in Paris,  I'm pretty sure that Parisians would throw the baguette right back at them.The "European Gourmet" sign on their window need justifications.
5	This is the best bakery and coffeeshop you'll find in Madison, and tastes like a little slice of Paris in the Midwest.  The croissants are excellent, and the coffee is unquestionably worth the price.  If you want a tart--go for the lemon, even if it wouldn't normally be your first pick; it's a perfect balance of sweet and sour, with a delicious pate brisee crust.  The other tarts are beautiful, but not as flavorful.  You'll spend more than you would at any other Madison-area coffeeshop, but it's such a worthwhile treat.  Highly recommended.
4	Second time I've been to La Baguette, but first time in Madison. I remember enjoying the place when it was in Minocqua, oh, 7 years ago, and I did this time too.  I had a chevre and basil quiche which was thin (which I enjoyed, I'm used to thick quiches) and very tasty. Fresh baguette's always good. Fruit tart was ok with a pretty tough crust, but I never really enjoy them as much as I think I will anyway. I ended up spending ~$14 on the quiche, a baguette, fruit tart, and hot chocolate, but you could get a very reasonably priced lunch by getting the quiche (~$4) and a baguette (~$2.50) and foregoing desert. It's an entire baguette, so you if you don't want to bring home bread I'd advise you to share it.Went back for a prosciutto sandwich the next day. It was a bit light on the prosciutto for my taste since the flavor was overpowered by the veggies on the sandwich. A chocolate brioche was was not as rich or sweet as I would have guessed, but still very tasty. Sandwiches were around $7. I want to try some of their other sandwiches, but that'll have to be after the quiche.4 stars since I'm left wanting to try more and will definitely be back for the chevre and basil quiche.
5	So far, I've had croissants of various sorts and baguettes from La Baguette. They have been outstanding! The baguettes are crusty but soft and wonderful inside. My 11-year-old rates the pain au chocolat (chocolate croissants) her all-time favorite. Good coffee, too. A pleasant place to sit down for a little meal or snack.
3	One thing that really is not excusable in my book is when food is served to you partially warm.  I understand that the food has been sitting in the deli cooler, but deng. Take that extra minute and heat my food up correctly.I ate a ham and swiss quiche.  It wasn't warm.  It  did taste good, though I've had much better in France.I tasted a friend's ham sandwich and the bread's denser than I would like.  He enjoyed it though.
5	I wish I had a place like this in Boston!You walk in and your eyes are drawn to the food displays in glass - when I was there it was a variety of breakfast pastries and lunch foods, like quiches. Then you notice all the different types of bread behind the counter - baguettes and all types of other shapes.I think the art of French food is not only to get the complicated things right, but also the simple things. So a very good baguette goes a long way, and my friend who took me there swears by them (and to give her credibility, she was partially raised in France). We split a butter croissant, which was divine (simplicity perfected) and I had what looked like a pain au chocolate, but had a different French name I can't remember now. It was like a pastry sandwich with chocolate chips. Oh my gosh! I also had some of the pain au raisin that my friend got, which was also fantastic.The food was heated nicely and brought out to us on a tray that looked like those pictures you see of French bakeries. I loved the selection, and I wish I had had a chance to try more of it.
3	Update: I tried there for lunch with my bestie. My experience with La Baguette this time was actually much better than the first time. No frustrated, yelling french (posing) dude or bad food. The madam at the casher was lovely and quite pleasant.I ordered the french onion soup and a side salad. The soup, which is a signature soup of every "french" place, was actually quite tasty. Apparently, La Baguette went with chicken broth and not the traditional beef broth, but the end result was quite palatable and that's what matters with me. Let's just call it "avantgarde," and you can actually care less about what broth they use.The salad was nothing too special, but not horrible either. In my book keeping, "not horrible" matters, too - so this time around, I'm willing to give 3 stars. The conclusion, just be careful what to order - you might come out of the cafe with a smile if you eat the right stuff.
5	So far, everything we've had here is very good. We've at least three or four kinds of their breads and all are crusty and chewy inside, with great flavor. The croissants are excellent, as is the chocolatine. The small ciabattas are wonderful with a salad at home. Considering the quality and consistency, the prices are very fair across the board. The place is often busy and the staff does a pretty good job managing a near to full house. Even though it's in a strip mall, I like the atmosphere inside. The ice-less water that they serve is a nice detail that takes us back to the cafes of Europe. In a town with too many bakeries that can't even turn out good bread, this place is a gem.
5	Croissants the way they should be.... Flaky buttery layers of goodness! Great sandwhiches, fabulous coffee, gorgeous pastries to impress guests at your next Sunday brunch.
5	La Baguette is truly a very nice bakery - very European indeed!  I have been living in France for the past six months, and I feel it's just like in France (though many of the items are larger because they service American customers!)I miss speaking French, and it's nice that I can go in there and speak French again!  Some of the people there know me and so always talk to me in French, which I love!  I am a huge fan of their cinammon rolls, and they have a great French wine selection (not vast, but good quality).  It's quaint and cute... only wish is they had ice cubes available, and wi-fi! haha.... I hope to go there again soon!A bientot!
2	Hmmm.  Don't know what to think.  We had a sandwich and a quiche.  Sandwich was, uh, interesting.  Bread did not seem overly flavorful.  Ingredients seemed to be quality but were very sparse.  The thing I thought was so odd..........humongous chunks of cold butter on the sandwich.  Is that a French thing??  Reminded me of sandwiches my mom would make me as a kid -- She always spread the bread with butter, no matter the kind of sandwich, but at least she used soft butter and SPREAD it evenly over the bread.  Nothing wrong with the quiche, but I've definitely had better.  I was hoping this would be my new go-to lunch spot, but that's looking like a big no.
3	Fun li'l stop on my way to State Street with a Madison native. I was really hoping for some French macarons, but alas it was nowhere to be found. No matter, my friend and I got a chocolate pastry, kinda like a pain au chocolat, but bigger, and a peach tart. The chocolate bread was just OK, even with it nuked a little bit, it was still pretty average. The peach tart was much, much better, with a wonderfully buttery shell and the right amount of peach filling that's just so...Goldilocks. I'm sure you get the point. The interior is very charming and tries to bump up the French-ness of the place with French magazines available. Overall, the place wasn't magnifique, but it was at least tres bien.
5	Love it! A fine place for a light lunch with a distinctly French touch.
5	Madison's best bakery.  The tarts are great.  You definitely shouldn't miss the tarte au citron (lemon tart).  They also bake great bread.I haven't tried any of the sandwiches or quiches, but I have to seriously fight the urge to buy a tart every time I drive by.
4	Two things I love:  Tarte au citron and tarte au chocolat.  These two things are done fabulously here.  I've bought 10?  20?  of them in the past year, year and a half and have never been disappointed.  The batards are also very very good.Come to think of it, I've not been disappointed here.  I think it's cash only though.
5	This place is delightful! - you would expect this type of place to be in Middleton or downtown Madison, not in its west-side nearby-mall location. I had a tartine de provencal and their tomato soup = delicious! Sooo good! I will definitely be back. and, despite some of the other reviews, I thought the service was divine! We had about 4 people check up on us. Delightful place! A little cramped at lunchtime, but just adds to the bakery ambiance. Be forewarned - it is cash/check only!
3	I went to this place a year ago and remembered thinking it wasn't that great, but don't remember why.   Today I was in the area, so gave it another try. The baguette was very good. Not exactly how I remember them in France on visits last summer and 2 years ago, but still good. However, the almond/chocolate croissant was terrible. It was flat and the bottom was completely soggy. There was no flakiness at all. Total waste of $3.75. I couldn't even finish it since it was so bad, and that's saying something.   I generally do not complain about stuff at restaurants, but I might have brought this disgusting croissant back to the counter had I not taken it "to go".  The other croissants and pain au chocolate looked pale and under cooked. I was surprised since I had heard good reviews about this place. I guess I will stick to Whole Foods Market for croissants and avoid them at La Baguette if I choose to return.
5	I stopped in at La Baguette today with my mom for pastries. I had not been there before, but I most definitely will be going back. It was great! The staff was so awesome, they made us feel fancy:) They called me madame, nice:)I totally recommend this place to everyone!!
5	Best croissants in America.  Hands down.Having living in France for some time and different places around the US, this place is up there with the best French bakeries i've ever been to.  Sure, they dont have the widest selection, but it's a small bakery, what do you expect?  But what they do have is amazing.Wish i lived in Madison just so i could go here every day.
4	I had the spinach-mushroom quiche and my friend had another quiche.  They were both tasty with a crisp crust.  We shared a pear torte that was also delicous, but the crust was a little tough.  I also bought a cinnamon roll to go; while I was waiting in line, I struck up a conversation with the woman ahead of me.  She convinced me to by a load of bread with some cheese melted on top.  I don't know what it was called, but it was a hit at the party later that day.  If you ask for water you get a carafe full and glasses - fine with me.  I heated up the cinnamon roll the next day and it was nice but I would prefer just a smidge more icing.
5	You know you're in an authentic French bistro when the customers walk in and speak French to the owners.  The food and the atmosphere stays true to the French culture.  While chewing on a fresh baguette while waiting for our lunch entrees, I noticed a couple dining out on the patio tables sipping glasses of wine.  I had a caprese sandwich and a cream puff.  The bread was still warm and the cheese was gooey.  The cream puff was a light whipped cream, so it satisfied your sweet tooth without overwhelming your palate. Amazing food, great environment.  I go there all the time.
4	My fiance and I come here almost every week just for the croissants.  They are full of buttery goodness and freshly baked daily by the master baker (raised & trained in France).  They are quite generous in size so we usually get away with splitting one.  I would also recommend their quiche (again, large portion so may need to share), brioche and olive bread.  One of the main girls at the cash register is consistently impersonal and impatient (will ask several times if you're ready to order even when there is no line and will stand there and stare you in the eye until you make your decision) but surprisingly it doesn't bother me much as the quality of the food definitely outweighs the importance of friendliness in this circumstance.  Also, there are a couple of students that work there who are incredibly friendly as is the baker.  Another common complaint is that they don't accept credit cards so come prepared.
2	Very authentic?! There was even a faint resentment towards people without exact change and those who did not speak French.
5	My favorite lunch place (I happen to work in West Madison). The breads are the big draw here--an incredible range of beautiful, crusty choices, made daily. I don't eat a lot of carbs, but these are worth the occasional indulgence. _All_ of their sandwiches are excellent (served on various breads), as are the salads. Soups are just okay. They are open for breakfast through 6:00 PM, so get in early if you want take home dinner. All food items are fresh and light. I've never been to France, but if this is what real French food is like, I'm there. Oh yeah, the pastries are to die for. Panera is not bad, but if you want the real deal, go to La Baguette (soon).
4	Love this place! Quick, inexpensive, and amazing quality of food. Any of the freshly-baked breads or pastries are delicious, and the salads and sandwiches are also full in flavor.
5	I have not been to France, and frankly don't care much about authenticity.  But I do care about good food.  And oh sweet Jeebus, this food is good.I have had the Onion Soup, The ham sandwitch, brie sandwitch, chocolate and fruit tarts, eclairs, quiche and sampled a few other dishes.  Everything was great.  Every.  Damn.  Thing.I can't order quiche anywhere else now because it's so leaden and flavorless compared to La Baguette'sI live on the east side, I only drive across the Isthmus when I can't avoid it.  but since I discovered this place I have been doing a lot more shopping near West Town.  I consider myself lucky it is not located on Willy street, or I would be many pounds heavier by now.Only quibble I have is not being able to go on Sundays when I have more time to drive around for brunch.  And they seem to have had some growing pains as they have added staff, but nothing major.
5	Olive breadChocolate croissants Cream puffs.....just.....YES.*throws hands up in air*
5	Truly awesome French bakery convenient to most of Madison.  What really makes it special is the cafe.  Great French wines reasonably priced.  Soups are homemade and there is a vegetarian option, which was nice for my friend.  Quiche, especially the mushroom and cheese, is incredible.  Great service.  This is just a fabulous place to stop by and have a light meal and wine for lunch and buy a dessert and a baguette for later.  A Madison gem.  Tres bien!  Bon appetit!
1	This is not really fair because it was a very long time ago and at their old location but I once ordered soup and they brought it out by the cash register before I paid.  When she handed me my change, a nickel literally fell in my soup.I was shocked to hear her tell me it will be okay and to just go ahead and fish it out.  She made no move to take back the soup with the nickel in it that SHE dropped.I was so shocked and I thought wow if that is what they do in front of the customer, what goes on behind the customers view.   I had to insist that she take it back but I think I switched to a different soup so she could not reserve it to me.    I never went back and I did call and complain.
4	The "boule" is unmatched anywhere in town. It induced a brief and poignant moment of Proustian reverie.  The baguette is also a good facsimile to what I remember in its homeland.  The croissant flies into a million flakes on first bite (this is a good thing!). The strip mall is a draw back for any dine in.
3	It is good bread. I will be back again; will have to remember to carry cash. My only disappointment is they don't take debit/credit cards; this is 2013. Get Square or something.
5	Whenever I am craving chocolate, which happens a lot, I stop in here and get a Chocolate Tart. YUM!! I've tried a few of the breads, the names of which escape me now but they were all great! I haven't tried many of the other pastries- every time I go in I think 'try something new' but then I see the Chocolate Tart and I just can't resist, its just too perfectly chocolaty!
4	Decent for Madison. Staff are a little snobbish. The sandwiches and desserts are good. The bread is its selling point.
5	Amazing food here! The sandwiches are great, served on homemade bread and the tortes are fantastic. I'd eat here all the time if I could afford it :( bring cash though, they don't take credit.
5	Cherry tarts are the best! But come here on Mondays for crepes. We visited Madison and couldn't pass by this place. Very friendly atmosphere, excellent baked goods. The owners a French and know what they are doing.
2	After seeing so many excellent reviews, I was hopeful on this one.  I was sadly disappointed.  I picked up espresso and a couple of pastry tarts (chocolate and fruit) and none of these items were particularly memorable.  Espresso was burnt, both tart crusts were too thick, the pastry cream was too sweet and runny, and the fruit on the fruit tart was not of great quality.    The food is not inedible, but if you are looking for a great French bakery in Madison--this isn't it, especially for the prices.  They are set much too high given the quality of the food.  I would pay 4.50 for an excellent pastry but not for this mediocre experience.
4	Food is simple and delicious. My personal favorites are the Quiches and EVERYTHING THEY HAVE FOR DESSERT. As other reviewers have said, the bread is the strong point, but I've yet to have anything I did not enjoy. The portions are sometimes a little smaller than I'd like but that's a relatively minor complaint - I feel like I'm getting what I'm paying for.
4	I stopped into La Baguette for lunch today after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. I really enjoyed my lunch. I had the asparagus Quiche. It was great! It was a delicious mixture of egg, cheese, and asparagus. The crust was flaky and buttery.If you are looking for an authentic French cafe this is the place. The people working behind the counter were speaking French and many of the customers were as well. For a moment I felt like I was back in Paris. The staff were very friendly. While I ate my lunch quite a few people came in and ordered the quiche. They also had a lot of bread and bakery items. I will have to try some of those next time I stop in. The looked amazing and there was a sweet bakery smell to the cafe.
4	Very good authentic French cuisine. I lived in France for a while, so it's nice to find a place in Madison that does such a good job of capturing the atmosphere of typical restaurants in France. That being said, I'm not personally a big fan of French cuisine, so I have a little trouble objectively rating their food. They offer soups, sandwiches, quiches, and various pastries. From what I can discern, the quality is great and everything is fresh. The bakery items are wonderful, especially the fruit tarts and baguettes. Be warned: they only take cash...no credit cards allowed. I've gone when it's extremely crowded and there isn't a single seat available, but I've also gone when I'm the only person in the restaurant. Many of the staff are French, which provides a nice opportunity to practice speaking French, a rarity in Madison. I do recommend it, particularly for
4	As suggested,  I went with the asparagus quiche and it was fabulous.  I could not ask for a better start.  I did try a dessert pastry and felt that it was lacking moisture.  I had never had fondant before but wanted to try their heart fondant covered layered cake.  The mousse  inside was great but I felt it was sandwiched between two layers of ...passable cake.  I think I came in at the wrong time for that dessert.  I will go back and try the fresh strawberry and cream cake.  While inside waiting, I noticed many folks coming in just for loaves of bread.  That, too, will be on my list to pirchase.
4	A real nice place for a morning coffee and treat. There are pastries here that you just can't find elsewhere in the Madison area. There are also nice light sandwiches delivered on fresh bread or rolls which makes for a pleasant lunch/brunch.
1	Went when it first opened and had terrible service the rudest people I have had to offer from ever and then I went again about a week ago, had the same horrible experience person behind the counter insulted our intelligence when we were looking at the menu board on the wall at the drinks saying we weren't going to see what was in the case we had to walk over to the case. My girlfriend asked what flavored they had to put in the drinks and the person said I don't know look at the bottles on the counter... All the labels for the bottles were facing them and we could not see the flavors. When we got our pastry we were standing at the register and a woman came up to ring us out and she stood there talking to someone in French while we were waiting to pay for a couple minutes. This place is the last place I will ever go again. The pastry didn't even taste good had some chocolate ganache thing and the crust was hard as a rock just ended up throwing that disgusting "food" in the trash.
5	La Baguette is a little slice of France that should not be missed. I have been to France and this is just like the patisserie I frequented in Paris.  My favorite is the rich choclatine slightly warmed. The butter in the pastry in combination with  the melted and warm chocolate as a pure delight.  The buzz from the chocolate is one I enjoy over a cup of coffee.The display cases are so inviting highlighting the works of the  talented artists in the kitchen.  Standing in line viewing these treats is with the wait.The atmosphere is warm and inviting and usually busy, but again any slight wait is so worth it.If you have never been,  this place is a must. If you never get to France, you can at least enjoy it's tastes.
5	I'm developing a habit of getting a treat from La Baguette every Saturday morning at the Stevens Point farmers market. The two gentlemen are always very friendly and always explain what each of the items is. I don't think I could go wrong selecting at random without the explanations though, everything is always delicious. We've tried the cinnamon rolls, brioche, different kinds of croissants, and a few other items whose names escape me, and have always been pleased. It makes for a lovely breakfast before stocking up on produce and other goodies at the market.
5	Incroyable!  This is the most authentic patisserie around...speak French and they will love you.  The chocolatine - try it at least once.
5	On a lazy weekend morning, it doesn't get better than La Baguette. The ambiance is great. It's a cozy, sunny place with friendly, often bilingual, staff.First of all, bottomless coffee. You can linger as long as you'd like and they'll keep you caffeinated. Order at the counter with one of the friendly staff, but your choice will be hard. Gaze into the glass cases and choose from an assortment of generously portioned sweet and savory treats. I highly recommend the classic and simple quiche au chevre. Dotted with tasty hunks of tangy goat cheese, sprinkled with herbs, nestled in a buttery crust. It is perfect!If you're feeling a bit more hungry, try the Croque Monsieur: thinly sliced ham between melted cheese and thick bread, coated in egg and fried. Yum.And of course, it's hard to resist a sweet treat. My favorite is the pain au chocolat. A perfect sweet bite to have with the previously mentioned bottomless coffee. I haven't tried any of the absolutely beautiful galettes or other desserts or taken a loaf of the fresh baked breads, but I plan on doing so soon. It's just that every time I go to La Baguette, I leave feeling so happy and full that I can't even think about my next meal.
