5	Welcome to the community.  Took our dog Gracie in without hesitation and with no appointment.... wish them all the success!!!
5	It's a cute place!   Very clean and the staff is very nice.  My dog is neurotic and really freaks out around other animals or if she's crated.   I was grateful that the staff worked we me to find a time where I could bring her right in and pick her up right when she was done.  I dropped her off promptly at 8, and she was done 35 mins later!  They'll be our "regular" place from now on.  Just a note...if paying by debit or credit card, you are unable to add a tip to the charge slip (maybe you can if you mention it before they run it, but I didn't).  I felt bad I didn't have any cash on me and couldn't add it to the bill especially because they were so accommodating and did a great job.
5	SO glad to have a new groomer so close to home.  As soon as we walked in I was already impressed. It smelled good and was super clean, it had a welcoming vibe. I wish I could remember the name of the lady who talked to us, but she was so friendly and asked us lots of questions and gave her recommendation of how she would groom our dog. She knew what she was talking about!  A few hours later, Rocky was ready!  My husband picked him up and said Rocky was playing when he got there and not in a crate. I love that! Rocky is actually happy today, he usually has a day or 2 of acting weird after getting groomed. I can't say enough good things, I felt they actually cared about how Rocky was going to look/feel, not like the other place that seemed like they were just trying to get as many grooms as possible.
5	Welcome to the neighborhood! I just picked up my shiz tzu & yorkie and they both look awesome! The shop is very cute and clean! Best grooming experience in a long time! Dogs were in the play area waiting for me when I got there, not in crates. Will be back next month!
2	We were excited to learn about this place since it's close to home. We scheduled an appointment and dropped off our dog. It was cleaner than another groomers we frequently take our dog. When we picked up our dog, we noticed some areas that weren't trimmed (belly area) but figured we could do that at home. After an hour, my wife noticed our dog licking his paws. In two areas our dog was cut. One paw was quite red and swollen. I understand this can happen but the groomers should have let us knowing when we picked our dog up. We decided against going back since they are not honest.
5	Yes! I have finally found a groomer that is clean, professional, affordable and close to home! I have not had the best experience with groomers, so I was hesitant to try again. But I figured I didn't have much to lose. Breanna was very friendly and did a PHENOMENAL job on my poodle. Where I have struggled to get other groomers to listen to my requests, she took in every word, and my dog is perfect! I asked another customer if she had been here before, and she said this place gave her dogs the best cuts they have ever had, and I would not be disappointed. She was right. This place has won my business for good. Kudos to the team at Groomer Has It. This place should be the standard for dog grooming.
5	Fantastic groomer! Easily the nicest, cleanest grooming facility I have ever been, too. I took my 3 dogs there this morning. They were done in 3 hours and done perfectly. One of my dogs is a large shepherd cross who needed a full lion cut. She is older & has some arthritis in her rear legs. I'm am used to her limping after a full groom for a couple of days due to all the up & downs involved. She isn't limping at all which leads me to believe that she was lifted & not expected to jump, which is great for her. She also has very sensitive skin which has caused me to expect a certain measure of razor burn on her underbelly after a shave. She is totally burn free. This has been unheard of for me with even the most gentle of groomers before this groom. I was completely happy with all three dogs. Fantastic groomer!
5	Best shave my dog Landon has ever had. They ladies are so sweet and accommodating. Reasonable prices and very clean
5	Kudos to Groomer has it !    Clean, affordable and the staff is fantastic !   What a great job they do with him every single time we go !   Thank you so much for being so caring and loving to my Duke !!!!
5	I have 2 goldens and they love to go to Groomer Has It. They go for baths and tidies and it is pretty much on par with what Petsmart charges except they are much closer to the house. Very convenient and the ladies there are great!
5	We have been bringing our yellow lab Max in to get groomed monthly, and last time he dragged me straight to the door and was all doggie smiles and wiggle butt when I picked him up. :)
5	Groomer Has It was so great to my toy poodles and gave them the best hair cut ever. Love them :)
5	This is one of the best grooming places I've taken my dog... They are so friendly and caring towards my hyper, bratty, sweet German shepherd.
5	Love this place especially since it's right down the street from my house. My fur baby was a happy camper and always looks so cute with a bow whenever we leave. Love that they have a doggy playroom while they wait for their owners to pick them up! The groomers here are nice too and that's a definite plus :)
