4	You would never guess that I'm a country girl at heart, but if you google my name, you will see that I'm actually named after a country singer. No lie. My Dad is a big 'ol cowboy and his kids were raised with a country streak. Anywho... enough about me. Whiskey River Saloon is a fun spot to get your Country Groove On! It's not fancy, but it's not a filthy dive either. They play a mixture of hip hop and country. If that doesn't make sense, it will when you watch a hot cowboy or cowgirl shake some booty in tight Wranglers. Whew! The drinks are reasonably priced, and the staff is pretty friendly. The dress is VERY casual. I've seen girls in t-shirts and shorts, and I've seen some people really nicely dressed in Cowboy gear. I prefer to slap on some tight jeans, a nice t-shirt and boots myself. One cool thing that the DJ does is a salute to our troops. I'm told that they do it every night they're open, which is cool. Again, this isn't a place to go if you're looking for a refined night out, but it is a fun place to shoot some pool , have a Jack and Coke and dance your butt off with some fun loving friends! Who knows, you might even learn a line dance or two! A must try for something non-clubby and non-meat market.
3	I can't give this place more than three stars, because it's just not my scene.  $8 cover on a Wednesday, b/c they have $0.45 drinks before 10p.  I walk in, place is packed.  Even before I walk in, i realize this place is insane, because the parking lot is packed.  Anyway.  A little bit of everything inside.  three bars and a beer tub, or was it just two bars and two beer tubs.  the alcohol was flowing, and people were dancing.  I don't dance, but I'm starting to think i should learn.  it was a little unbalanced out there.  I'm all for balance!  (not really. actually not at all)anyway, Dottsy pretty much nailed it - the mix of country and hip-hop somehow works in this place.  I told my friend that this place is quintessentially "Phoenix," on several levels.  You'll know what I mean when you get there.  The crowd on Ladies' Night is surprisingly diverse, for the suburbs.  on the other hand, I haven't been to a bar with this concentration of straight people in a long time, so your mileage may vary.  You won't feel out of place if you're not wearing a hat and/or boots, so no worries on that count, at least.  The pours were disappointing.  the Newcastle a couple friends ordered, which I thought was a strange call, was 5.25.  Ooof.  i stuck w/ my gin and tonic for $5, which i thought was pretty decent, considering.  anyway my search for a watering hole close to home continues - the music, the crowd, and the prices kinda scare me off, although i will have to investigate how early they start charging cover.  it will be pretty cavernous when it's not crowded, but it is only 3 miles from home...
2	I have a love hate relationship with this bar. I love the drinks specials but I hate the crowd. My friends love this bar so I come here for moral support and for some reason I can't pass up .25 cent drinks. For .25 cents you get what you pay for you probably get half a shot per drink but after 3 or 4 of these suckers you should have a good buzz. There is a weird mix of people here you've got the cowboys, hoochies, thugs, Scottsdale brats, and some regular people here and there. If you're young and single this is a good bar to hook up I always see people getting freaky on the dance floor. Stay for the bikini contest at midnight its very entertaining.
5	All I can say about Wedsnday nights at the Whiskey is....Wow!I only discovered this place a couple of weeks ago. Fisrt time there was a Saturday night and it was somewhat disappointing. But last night was ladies night and $0.25 you call its with a $10 cover. The place was packed. It was very diverse. My friends and I were more than a little perplexed by the back and forth swing of country and hip hop, but it worked. This attracts all types and everyone got along amazingly well. No attitudes in this place. In fact I saw a guy wearing an awesome t-shirt that said F**K SCOTTSDALE. It was perfect .There's a decent size dance floor in the middle. Two full bars, a mixed drinks bar, and a beer tub. Waitresses scattered throughout and the staff in general is friendly and fast.Oh yeah, this is important to some people - the bathrooms were clean,
4	What a NIGHT!!! Lady's night on Wednesdays with awesome drink specials from 6-10 and it's not all cock fest! The people are really cool, none of this stuck up Snotsdale crap, and the staff is cool too. I got rocked my first night there and don't remember how I ended up where I woke up the next morning!!! I'M KIDDING, I'm not that big of a lush, sheesh, but it was definitely a fun night and will be back. It's also amazing how they mix Country music with Rap and everyone got along fine all night. Not one fight, surprisingly enough. ***The Bafroom: The bathrooms were clean. We had a bathroom attendant, which I think is always annoying to have because I can get my own paper towel or push the blow dryer button myself. They have this funny urinal section that's like a big long tub that wraps around the corner and it's community so there are no dividers for the curious on-lookers. That confrontation could be quite odd but interesting with your hands full if you notice someone trying to take a peak! Do you attack with the resource at hand? Do you finish first and then confront? Do you wait for him to finish to confront? WHAT?!?! Am I thinking about this too much? lol Don't get me wrong, they do have stalls and 2 other private urinals to choose from. TAKE YOUR PICK :)
4	I pretty much go every Wednesday for ladies' night. No cover and quarter drinks 6 to 10. By ten, I'm usually a little sloshed anyways. Gives me four hours to sober up. Always packed with the most diverse crowd. Helllooooo a country bar that plays hip hop and what not. I've been retarded and done a contest or two. Only on the nights I run into someone that recognizes me from the club I work at. Booze and a lot of persuasion is a no no. It's a fun bar with some amazing dancers. No need to dress like your going out on the town, its pretty casual. YeeHawww, yo.
5	Had so much fun tonight!!! Went with a couple girlfriends around 9. Drank and then danced those yummy empty calories away! Went with a lovely co-worker that convinced me to join in on the jersey contest...and I WON! Hundred dollars in my pocket...semi-finals are Dec. 16th if anyone in the area wants to come and support my retardedness. Diverse crowd yet again...anyone fits in here. I love it. Girls are actually nice here....it's hard to find places like that. Tempe or scottsdale...dirrrty looks all around. I don't get it. SPREAD THE LOVE PEOPLE!!!UPDATE!!!!! I went to the semi-finals....and WON. I went to the finals...and WON!!! I got the cash instead of the PROBOWL Tickets because it didn't include the plane and hotel. O well...it was christmas money and boy it was perfect timing! I love this bar!
3	If you are looking for a genuine cowboy to teach you a thing or two on the dance floor this may be your best option within city limits.  There is no flash or flair about this joint, but it delivers a good ole' country time.It's been awhile since I have been to a place that charges a cover and has drinks in test tubes, but it all evened out with dollar beers before 10.  Right when you walk in you notice the eclectic crowd, and I was for sure that this was going to be the night that I finally realized a lifelong dream to witness a dance off, but no such luck.    Daisy Train, the live band consisting of a guy, girl duo was very engaging and played a good mix of "couple" songs and "dance in a group" music.  Don't be scared of the dance floor when the 2 steppin' songs come on though, just make eye contact with one of the many cowboys huddled around the perimeter of the dance floor.  I chose an older gentleman who knew something about boundaries, but you can have your choice of younger or older, taller or shorter.  Just make sure to watch their style and level of attachment before you commit because you could be stuck with a cowboy that moves more like a chihuahua in heat.  Didn't happen to me, but it's real and consider yourself warned!.  Daisy Train does about 3 sets and while they take a break to wet their whistle, the DJ comes on and plays a mix of hip hop and group dancing favorites like the electric slide.  My one complaint is that they had more than one disc that seemed to be skipping and didn't have good recovery time.   Besides that though, there is plenty of space so come with a group, be prepared to dance with a couple of cowboys if you are so inclined to master the 2 step, and wear boots not heels.  Overall, it t was a memorable night with a great group of ladies and one lucky guy.  Thank you for the invite and insider info on how to spot a genuine cowboy, Ms. Dottsy!  Learn something new everyday.
4	Great wednesday night specials, of .25 cent beer and well drinks! Decent size dance floor and the music varies from Hip-Hop to Country.  Large outside smoking section of the bar with some swamp coolers to try and keep the heat down. If you go on a Wednesday make sure to get there before 8:30 or there will be a line. Def. worth checking out!oh and def hit the 2 for 5$ shot lady up that walks around! Always a good deal :)
2	if your into country dancing and beer this is your place. They do mix it up with some hip hop. Cover charge to get in, valet parking which was actually a bit silly but whatever.
2	Hever seen country line dancers dance to Hip-Hop? It's the craziest thing...If you're looking for inexperienced drinkers and crazy loud country & hip-hop you will be stoked here. Drinks are cheap and the bartenders are young & attractive. The crowd clearly has very low inhibitions and a dress code is non-existant. Apparently I missed the "Ladies Night Thong Contest", what a bummer... lolI think I may be getting too old for places like the "Whiskey D!ck River"...
4	Been here 5 times now on select Fri/Sat nights, and am very impressed with the fun, casual atmosphere.  Cover charges don't start until 8 on Friday, so of course I get there right before!  Fun place to have a girls night as the real cowboys are true gentlemen and you really do not need to be a hardcore country fan to have fun.  Last night was pretty dead, but was there about a month ago and  it was so packed I could hardly find a place to stand.  I've noticed that before about 10-11, a mostly couples crowd age 40-80 dominates, but when they head to bed, the average age drops drastically as the younger crowd starts filing in.  If you are single, there are definitely opportunities to hook up with down-to-earth people, but it would also be a fun place to come with a date. The live bands I've heard have been decent (check the website for the schedule), and there's a connected outdoor area to chill if you need a break from the loud music/dance scene.  Shot girls are available to provide decent 2/$5 shots, or you can go to one of 3 bars to order your fav drink.  Overall, a fun, safe place to chill and get your dance on.
1	Dirty, gross, not fun at all. I love a good cowboy just like the next woman - but the night I went it was filled with a bunch of kids with no shoes on, walking around on the grossest carpet I have ever seen - why a bar would have carpet is beyond me. Gross!
4	Good mix of hip hop and country. Good drink specials. Awesome spot for groups. I wish the floor was slightly bigger there.
3	This bar is the place to go on Wednesday nights if you are looking for cheap drinks. $7 cover for guys and ladies are free (ladies night) and $0.50 cent drinks. The crowd has a little bit of everything. Country and hip-hop music.
5	Went last night for ladies night, and very pleasantly surprised. First of all, you can't beat 50 cent drinks and no cover. It's not as scary inside as it looks outside. The staff- so awesome, and friendly! Good music, but then again I'm a GINORMOUS country fan, so I'm a little biased. They also make it fun with contests and giveaways. I really can't find anything sucky about this club. There was a good amount of hotties there too! Oh, and did I mention-50 cent drinks! 5 stars for you Whiskey River, you got yourself a new regular!
1	I came during Wednesday ladies night. Guys hoping for easy pickups might be disappointed even though females get in for free. Guys are stuck having to pay a $7 cover but that didn't seem to discourage huge crowds of men from entering the place. From what I observed there were far more guys than gals so if it's a hookup place the odds are stacked in favor of predator females. Both inside and outside areas were packed with mobs of people. Music was painfully loud hip-hop (and not good hip-hop either, assuming there is such a thing). The PA system was being overdriven to the point that all you could hear is a loud "thump da thump" and some screaching human voices. Most of the crowd were young -- lots of tattoos etc. The men dressed like gang bangers, thugs, and bums. Women looked like sluts and biker chics. Most of the females came and left in groups, so it didn't seem the young bucs were scoring very often.Everyone was yelling at each other so that they could be heard over the music. It was quite a cacophony. I had to wonder why young people are willing to put up with such abysmal conditions. Cheap drinks, perhaps? Everywhere it was crowded and hot, and the stench of sweat and vomit couldn't be avoided. If they are there to hook up, how do they find somebody when there is so much noise it's impossible to talk to each other (maybe that's the idea, LOL!).The dance floor was small considering the size of the crowd -- but nobody knows how to dance anyway so who cares? I have heard WR is better in the early evening when the country dancers are there (I arrived after 11 pm). Once the hip hoppers arrive the adults leave. Maybe I'll try going there again for the country dancing but for now I got a belly full of the place.
5	My favorite bar! Cheap drinks, country music and hip hop, and dancing the night away. Wednesdays are ridiculously fun for the younger crowd and early Friday and Saturdays are best for two stepping.
4	200th review!!!!!!!!!!! Friend and I were headed out to paint the town red and run amuck and we met up with some other friends in north phoenix down at the Whisky River, now I have never been and let's just say I'm more of an RNB kinda girl but with that said, I did find myself having fun, no cover charge before 9 and well drinks 50cents till 11, now this place is alright with me! hahaPeople were friendly, bartenders & staff were nice, and dance floor was wooden and round had folks dancing and having a good time. I'm going to be honest, I dug the 50cent drinks, drank me some whiskey and coke all night long, well at least to 11. Had a great group of girlfriends and just a great time! Isn't it funny how once you start drinking someone in the group says Hey lets go somewhere else and see what's up!  I know the DD's that night got some miles on their car LOL,,,so we went off to our next spot!
5	I absolutely love this bar, I dont have to get crazy dressed up to go feel good and have fun. The music flips back and fourth from country to rap changing up the pace every 15 minutes and its so much fun from "two stepping" to "shakin it like a salt shaker". the staff is super friendly and doesnt ignore anyone, not the mention you cant beat 50 cent drinks. I go at least once a week and it never gets old!
3	I danced for almost 4 straight hours!!! Talk about crazy. The music was a great mixture of R&B, Hip-hop, country and pop. I mean it was something for everyone. They have some awesome drink specials on Saturday night in which most drinks and beers are either .50 cents or a whopping $1.50 until 11pm. You can't beat that! I will definitely be coming back to shake my groove thing and pay the price in the morning as I am not the young tenderoni I use to be. (ouch)
4	Okay.....I have a lot of view points on Whiskey River lol.First of all.....if you are female and you remotely like country music you will LOVE this place! No cover, 50cent drinks on ladies night (until 11, then drinks are like $4-$8 dollars....no seriously the jump in price is CRAZY). I just love being there because they play all my country jams PLUS i love the look on peoples faces as they watch me line dance and sing the country songs...they look at me like "heyyyyy look at that random black girl go" Lol ;-)! Anywho...when I went on Thursday is was 95% country with 5% line dances and random "Cha Cha slide", "Cupid Shuffle"-esque songs.BUT....when I went on Saturday.....it was a complete 180. It was the same clientele for the most part but you would think you were out in Tempe somewhere about to get schwasted and shake your groove thang. I mean it was so much rap and R&B music! A lot of people looked uncomfortable until they started playing country again. It was an interesting dynamic for me because I was completely sober that night, but hey....if I go out I'm gonna dance :)! So my friend and I and some other ladies with their 50cent drinks shook our boo-tays on the basically empty dance floor until we couldn't shake anymore. It was pretty legit. I would go back!Sidenote: TAKE CASH! With drinks being so cheap cash is your best bet, I made the mistake of bringing my debit card the first time I went and you have to have a $10 tab....which whomps! So yeah.....cash :).
4	Had a great time!  The music was a fun mix of everything.  Beer prices weren't great but not too outrageous.  Ladies didn't have to pay a cover but the guys were $7.  All in all, good times!  We'll definitely be going back!
4	Minus the douchebags that sat behind us and nearly started a bar fight (seriously, who argues with a guy when he says "Sorry bro, this is my girlfriend" and she's wearing a diamond ring?) , we had a great time.We went on wet t-shirt Wednesday, but they have cheap drinks all the time, Fridays are dollar wells and domestics.Place is really big, nice big outdoor patio, but it is insanely loud out there from the echo off the roof, so you will not escape the noise anywhere.The dance floor is a little small, but I hear that if you get there earlier (around 8 I think), you can actually 2-step. It's very difficult to do any later in the night.They were playing off and on country music vs. hip hop club music... about 6 songs of one, then they'd switch. Interesting layout for the music, but it worked.The "fishing" game is the most hilarious, ridiculous thing I have ever sat through. Push your friends out and laugh at their expense; you'll be laughing 'til you have to pee at all the awkward hilarity ensuing.
3	This place is just ok. I have been here a couple of times and it was just alright. I am not a big fan of country music so that added to me not really enjoying myself. Both times my friends and I went on the weekend so at least they played other music besides the country music. The bar was crowded though and was hard to maneuver around the place. The music was way too over bearing and loud for such a small bar. The outside smoking area was kind of trashy.  And the "regular" crowd is kind of rude and is not welcoming at all. The Bartenders are very friendly though and the prices for drinks are hard to beat. Chances of me returning are good but I would not make it a regular place. PS it does smell funny in there..
4	This is so far off a place that I would call "mine", but it has a certain je ne sais quoi.. and that certain something is the patronage, for better and worse. The "Happy Hour" is the normal flora of crappy domestic beer for a 50c a bottle. Even I can down a few Bud when it comes at almost no cost, and served by a fantastic blond that literally owns dominates the bar and everyone close to it.Then we have the diehards in full battle rattle cowboy-badboy-style, and yes I am talking from hat to boots, including vest. Looking like coming straight from the rodeo even if their gear never touched dirt. Then we have the cowgirls in a more modern giddyup. Gorgeous ladies with a sexy urban-barn-style in a way that puts Daisy Duke herself to shame. Lots of skin is shown together with cowgirl boots and diverse country apparel. Then we have the rest, and that includes me. I dont fit in, but the atmosphere isn't hostile at all. I would love to go here on a normal night if it wasn't for the focus of this whole place is a bizarre mix between two-step and hip hop. They start out every night with two-stepping, where locals and local talents alike show off their stuff. As the night passes more and more hip hop is snuck in, and the moves gets dirtier and grittier and everybody seems to love it. Could be the alcohol. I still haven't figured this place out. At all. Maybe I will have to have a few more of those half-dollar-beer to figure it out. (I have seen the oddest of Hipsters here too.. PBR shirt, backward ball cap like Fred Durst, and Chuck Taylor's.. its worth a visit for that sighting alone.)
3	Not bad for a country bar if your a local. We were staying in a local resort and decided to get a few drinks! 1 dollar drinks on a Friday night is unheard of where I'm from! Could have used some more country songs and less hip hop. Also one of the bouncers took his job way too seriously, maybe he was new and we caught him on a bad day but trying clear a whole section of great seating at the bar just so you can have an area to monitor is ridiculous.
1	It's my understanding that some married ladies I know went to Whiskey River for a girl's night, and were asked to leave because they were wearing wedding rings and were deemed "unattainable". I'd really like to know how you can justify this, if this is how you treat customers, I would not be surprised if you were facing a lawsuit for discrimination soon.
4	Lived just 3/4 of mile from Whiskey River for 3 years and visited for the first time on Wednesday.  I was pleasantly surprised and will be back.  Wednesday is ladies night and 50 cent domestic bottle beers.  Yes, 50 cents.  There's a 7 dollar cover, but you'll make that up and then some on the beer.  Very cool bar and wait staff makes it all the better.  The two Stacey's and Katie were behind the bar and Heather covered the floor.  They're down to earth and fun.  The turnout and music was the biggest surprise.  I expected just country but the DJ mixed in hip hop and dance as well.  The ratio was roughly 60% percent women and a very attractive selection.  I definitely recommend Wednesdays at the River!
2	This bar is okay. The atmosphere has gotta better since management has given the whole bar an updated look, which has been well over due. The staff is genuinely friendly and no one can really argue with 50 cent drinks. However when going to bar I expect to be at a place that is 21 and up. That isn't the case here. Whiskey river has numerous regulars that are under 21 and instead of taking action against those regulars, they are allowed to continue to enter this establishment. In fact the manager greets these under age regulars with a smile and usually results in some type of photo that ends up on Facebook. Now on to the DJ, granted I wasn't the biggest fan of the previous DJ since there were times he was incredibly rude for no apparent reason. Now seeing that the previous DJ would yell at those country dancers doing tricks past 9 it seems the new DJ has a positive note however he has more negatives than positives going for him. He doesn't play songs that are requested by the customers and it appears that he is only concerned with getting the mixes he has created heard. Normally I wouldn't have a problem with this but after listening to hip hop and rap for over an hour, I tend to grow impatient especially when I have gone to the DJ booth and requested a song and I am informed that the manager wants him to continue to play hip hop and rap. I'm sure he does..As much as I love to country dance, I'd rather do it at a bar that doesn't allow under age customers and where the DJ actually plays requested songs instead of his personal creations.
3	Pros1. A decent crowd2. Spacious- has a good space to dance, sit and talk. it has a spacious smoking area too.Cons1. Uncooperative staff( I lost my sweater and they were making me go from one place to another, but still couldn't find it)2. Old building( paint was coming off, restroom was also being used as storage place.)3.
